excalibur written by rospo pallenberg &amp ; John boorman adapted from " Le morte D 'arthur " by Thomas malory final draft fade in : ext . forest - night darkness . the sound of battle cry and the clang of metal upon metal . the forest light up with huge spark fly from sword and ax as armored knight hack and swing at each other . mounted knight collide head - on at full gallop , they armor make incandescent in the clash . spark eddy in they wake and float to the ground . the forest catch fire . MAIN title on the flame . out of the sound of ancient battle grow music , heroic and barbaric , shot through with melancholy . two craze eye reflect the fire . the eye belong to a man without age , at once ancient and boyish , female and male ; he eye be pain from the burden of too much knowledge . so close be he to the flame that a lock of he wild hair sizzle alight . he slap at the fire as if it be a annoying insect . he wear a cloak of black trim with silver . it be merlin . the wizard weave a path through the burn forest , dodging the combatant , search . merlin Lord uther ! Lord uther ! the forest around he weep softly with the sound that follow slaughter . patch of undergrowth be smolder . small flame lick bark and branch . smoke float through the tree and hover over the body of the die and the dead . a huge knight rein up beside merlin on a lather horse . his armor be blood spatter . he be weary from battle . he look down at merlin , he countenance fierce . the blade of he sword glow with a unnatural aura . merlin it 's do . a truce . we meet at the river . uther ( disgust ) talk . Lovers murmure to each other ... ext . river , forest - day wait on one bank of a small river that flow through the forest be a warlord , the Duke of cornwall . he be flanke by he armored warrior . lot of lowthean prominent among they . they be battle - weary and bloody , but they look ready to fight . behind they be a army of lesser knight . to the opposite bank come uther and merlin , a much smaller force of knight , include uryen , Lord of Gore , surround they . duke of cornwall I spit on you truce , uther . if you want peace , throw down you sword . uther and the Duke of cornwall glare at each other in silence across the river . uther strain forward , burn with anger ; but merlin restrain he . uther I should butcher all and every one of they . merlin , what be this wag of tongue ? merlin just show the sword . uther unsheathes he mighty sword , and brandish it in the air high over he head . the blade hum disquietingly and leave a linger electric hue upon the air . the marvel instill dread in all present . merlin ( waxing eloquent ) behold the sword of power , excalibur . before uther , it belong to lud , before lud , to beowulf , before beowulf to baldur the good , before baldur to thor himself and that be when the world be young and there be more than seven color in the rainbow . ( and in a aside to uther ) speak the word . uther ( bellow ) one land , one king ! that be my peace ! the Duke of cornwall look around nervously as some of he knight fall to they knee in awe . duke of cornwall Lord uther , if I yield to the sword of power , what will you yield ? uther I , yield !? merlin urge uther hard . merlin ( a whisper ) he have give . now you must . the two knight glare at each other , rage contend with anger . uther the land from here to the sea be yours if you will enforce the King 's will . the enemy lock eye and merlin watch anxiously . duke of cornwall done ! all man from both side break out in wild cheer . duke of cornwall my Lord King uther , let we feast together . to my castle . Lord merlin , you must join - but merlin be nowhere in sight . int . tintagel castle - hall - night drum and wail flute fill the banquet hall with a lusty rhythm . armore warrior watch a lone woman dance . she be very beautiful , both sensuous and innocent . uther sit at the long table beside the Duke of cornwall with the baron and duke of the land , and the lesser knight . the table be stain with wine and litter with bone and half - eat fruit . uther 's eye burn with lust as he watch the dancer . duke of cornwall I would wish you such a wife , Lord uther , as my igrayne . so innocent , but in bed , a furnace ... the Duke rise and go to he wife , be-stride the center of the hall and igrayne weave circle of dance around he . he gloat with pride . the word escape he lip : uther I must have she . lot spin to face he . lot what ? you be mad ! what about the alliance ? uther ( oblivious ) I must have she . lot and risk all you have win ? this castle command the sea gate to the kingdom . uther be not one for politics , and lot 's word sail past he . the King lust for igrayne . a bell be strike not far away . the music cease and the hall fall silent . the great door creak open , revealing the dawn light , and a monk step into the hall and wait by it . muffled by corridor of stone , a choir of monk can now be hear sing the high , ecstatic harmony of the Te deum . that who have fall asleep at the table be rouse , that drunk , help up . int . passageway , tintagel castle - dawn the monk lead the party down the hallway of the castle . thin shaft of dawnlight filter through archer ' slit in the thick wall onto stone floor . otherwise , it be dark . each person , lady and knight , proceed alone , head bent , some crossing themselves . uther be among they . he stop in a dark alcove , breathe heavily , wait . as the lovely igrayne drift past he , he pull she out of sight of the other . in a shaft of pale light uther clasp igrayne to he breastplate , he iron arm wrap around she frail body . so violent be he embrace that she cannot breathe , she mouth be wide with fear , and she foot do not touch the ground ; a impale butterfly . uther you will be mine . wife and queen , bed and crown . his face be close to hers , look as though he would devour she tender whiteness with he kiss . she do not answer ; she can not . even uther understand this and let she go . igrayne ( a fierce whisper ) I want no other crown and no other bed than that I have . her gown and she fragile skin tear on the spike of he armor , igrayne back away and join the procession . uther tremble with unrelease passion . int . passageway outside chapel , tintagel castle - dawn igrayne enter the candlelit chapel from which issue the chant , call the castle to worship . she rush to she husband 's side , kneel next to he and whisper . the Duke of cornwall look back at uther , hatred in he eye . ext . war camp - before tintagel castle - day uther be in a tower rage . sword draw , he stalk among the bier of fall knight . squire and cleric keep a healthy distance . the sky be lowering , pregnant with roll thunder . Beyond he encampment , high on a cliff rise out of the sea stand the impregnable tintagel Castle , seat of the Duke of cornwall , now under siege . uther ( bellow in all direction ) merlin ! where be you !? just then a knight ride up and dismount . it be ulfius , a lieutenant . uther have you find he ? ulfius no -- but he cannot finish . he be take aback by the sudden appearance of a hideous hag who approach , rattling a beggar 's pan . hag what a hurry you be in this morning , good sir . you forget to give this old woman a coin . ulfius I see you half a day 's gallop from here . I ask you if you have see merlin . I return here straight away . how do - hag -- I hear . I have come . I be also merlin . the figure straighten , the filthy rag become a flow cape , and the hair be sweep back by the wind , andóit be merlin , laugh . merlin I have walk my way since the beginning of time . sometimes I give , sometimes I take . it be mine to know which , and when . uther ( explode ) Dumb riddle , merlin . I be you King . ulfius edge away . merlin I know the storm inside you , and what it have wringht . the alliance I forge be wreck . the Duke of cornwall under siege . all this for lust . selfish lust . uther grab merlin . uther for igrayne . one night with she . do it . use the magic . merlin frown pensively , he gaze search strange distance and wander ; then focus , blaze straight at uther . merlin you will swear by you true kingship to grant I what I wish . then you shall have it . uther kneel and draw he sword and hold it up by the blade , a cross . uther I swear it . by excalibur and the holy -- merlin -- what issue from you lust will be mine . swear it again . uther I swear it . merlin look down sorrowfully at the kneel King . ext . battlement , tintagel castle - evening the Duke of cornwall watch a force of armored knight riding forth from uther 's war camp , with banner fly . it pass beneath the castle and on toward a distant cliff . duke of cornwall ( to a lieutenant ) it 's uther and all he best knight . he leave behind little more than fledglings to guard he camp . his eye be as cold and as pale as ice . ext . cliff above the sea - twilight uther and he knight , and merlin on a mule , ride to the high promontory and dismount . here , overlook the sea , be a circle of ancient stone , carve with strange rune and hieroglyphics , and as the wind move through they it moan and sigh . the knight watch as merlin and uther , lead he horse , walk toward the stone . merlin stride into the circle , turn to look at uther , who hesitates . merlin come . uther start to make the sign of the cross , but merlin halt he with a gesture . uther 's hand drop , and he enter the circle with he horse . merlin and uther look out across the sea , to tintagel Castle high upon the cliff . merlin solemnly raise he arm toward that distant castle , and chant in a ancient language , the sound of which he marries to the roaring and whining of the wind . the wind become stronger , and merlin 's incantation become more intense , and the wind in turn become wilder still . until merlin be charge with a fierce , nonhuman power , as the wind buffet he slight frame . and then , for all to understand : merlin I hold the balance of all thing in my summoning . arise mist . come fog . ext . vista from the cliff - tintagle castle - twilight from the horizon a front of fog advance toward the castle to envelop it , and continue across the gulf to the circle of stone . ext . gate , tintagle castle - twilight the portal open and a small force of armored man , lead by the Duke of cornwall , exit . a fog be thicken all around they . ext . cliff above the sea - twilight the advance front envelop merlin and uther , eddy around the stone . all else be obliterate . merlin mount you horse . the King do . merlin ride straight to the castle , across the sea of fog . uther spur straight for the edge of the cliff , then rein in he horse abruptly . uther but the cliff , the sea ... merlin rage , craze . merlin ride across ! across the bridge of desire . you lust will hold you up . for I have just woven it into the fabric of the world . this be magic - make solid what be in the mind , and unsolid , that which be already solid . he give the horse a sting blow with he staff . the horse and uther charge forward into a gallop and step off where the hide edge of the cliff would be , hoofbeat cease and the horse drop for the blink of a eye , they gallop across the fog . ext . merline fog galloping on no visible terrain , uther and he horse advance through the restless fog , and as they recede rider and animal become a waver , changeable form within the cloud . ext . gate , tintagel castle - night horse and rider pull up at the gate . rider ( call ) wake up in there . it be i. if it be not for the electric blue hue burn in the eye of the man enter the castle , the same magic hue that excalibur leave upon the air when wield , the resemblance to the Duke if cornwall would be perfect . after a moment the portal open . int . inner gate , intagel castle - night he pass into a inner court , the portal close behind . armed man emerge cautiously . think that it be they Duke they help he dismount . ' duke ' of cornwall have the horse ready . I ride out before sunrise . a inner gate open and the ' Duke ' go through it . ext . uther be war camp - night the real Duke and he man ride through the fogbound camp , cut the rope of the tent , stabbing the man trap beneath the canvas . when a frighten crow fly squawk into the face of the Duke 's horse , which rear . he be unhorse and fall , and impale himself on a tent stake . dying , the true Lord of tintagel Castle rise and stagger forward , blood pump from he . int . chamber , tintagel castle - night a little girl of four awaken from a nightmare , a small lone figure in she canopy bed . her eye be ice , like she father 's . morgana papa ... papa ... igrayne be soon at she side , lift the child from the bed , hold she tight . morgana my father be dead ... int . igrayne's bedchamber - night the ' Duke ' enter . the room be empty , but the door to morgana 's room be open . int . morgana's chamber - night the ' Duke ' stand in the doorway . igrayne herself be surprised . igrayne look , here be you father . it be just a dream , little one . ' duke ' of cornwall come igrayne . igrayne kiss morgana , tuck she in and return to she own room , close the door . the child do not know whether to believe the truth of the dream or the waking truth . int . igrayne's bedchamber - night in full armor , the ' Duke ' bear down on the naked igrayne on she marriage bed . she stare at he , wonder . but he eye be close , and finally he carry she in he wild passion , she white limb tangling around the lustre of he armor . ext . cliff above the sea - night and merlin be jolted awake from deep within himself , come out of a trance . merlin it be do . the future have find root in the present . he lift himself up on he staff . he stand in the midst of the ancient stone , bristle with excitement . uther 's mighty knight be asleep , a deep unnatural sleep , huddle together and surround by they horse . and then merlin swoon , collapse to the ground . int . hall , tintagel castle - dawn his lieutenant deposit the Duke of cornwall 's bloodless body upon the long table . his eye be wide open , icy and cun even in death . the lady of the castle support and comfort the grief-strick igrayne as she approach the body of she husband . morgana hang onto she mother 's gown . igrayne when do it happen ? where ? lieutenant in the camp of uther , my lady , just after nightfall . igrayne it can not be . he come to I , to he bed , last night . lady it be he spirit , yearn for you in he hour of death , that visit you . igrayne his spirit ? pale with grief , igrayne stare at she dead husband in silence . then she hand drift to she stomach . when she talk again , undone and resolve , it be to all and herself : igrayne tintagel Castle fall to uther . but what shall become of I , and the child I bear ? morgana show no distress . she run she baby hand across she father 's face and close he eye . the intensity that be freeze in they be now add to she own pale and cun eye . ext . cliff above the sea - day merlin have be propped up against one of the stone . he be in a deep trance and uther be attempt to shake he awake . uther I want she , merlin . I can not be without she . tintagel be mine . can I take she now ? tell I ! merlin 's eye open but he see nothing , and only a puzzle squeal issue from he . int . igrayne's bedchamber , tintagel castle - evening morgana watch from a corner . the lady of the castle surround igrayne who be give birth . noisy crow alight on the windowsill . only morgana notice . int . passageway , tintagel castle - night uther stride to igrayne 's bedchamber , he warrior knight follow . he be dirty and he iron dress be blood-spatter . uther ( bellow ) Three horse die under I , so hard do I spur they here . be it bear ? be it alive ? int . igrayne's bedchamber , tintagel castle - night at he approach and entrance the lady shrink back , and morgana edge closer to she mother , and seat herself on the bed beside she . ingrain hold she newborn baby in she arm , the blood of birth still wet upon it . uther out ! the lady slip past he to the door , and he go up to igrayne . uther what be it , lady ? terrify of he , igrayne face he the best she can . igrayne a boy , sir . Rest yourself . uther wave away she word but do sit down on the bed , exhaust . he notice morgana , who stare at he . uther send the girl away . igrayne she be just a child - uther out ! igrayne draw the child to she and kiss she cheek . igrayne ( whisper ) go now . come back later . the child leave silently , hatred in she eye . uther she watch I with she father 's eye . he grasp the newborn baby with he iron hand , and pull it to himself . he look upon it with wonder , with a gentleness that be unexpected . uther igrayne , be he mine , or - he can not bring himself to say he name . she hesitates on the edge of tear , worried for the infant lie in its iron cradle . igrayne the night he die , a man love I with great fierceness . he look like my husband , speak like , smell like , feel like my own husband . but it be not he , for he be already dead . it be not he spirit , for this child , who be conceive that night , be flesh and blood . I know nothing more . uther draw a dagger . he lift it . igrayne no -- but he use it before igrayne can move . he sever the leather thongs that bind the iron breastplate to he chest . he cast it to the floor . his chest be smooth and milk - white in strike contrast to he crease , weathered face . and beam , he hold the baby to it . uther through he , I will learn to love they , for I be tired of battle . I will stay by he side and ( look shyly at igrayne ) he mother 's ... igrayne 's hatred for the man be at the very edge of become love . the baby start to cry . uther here . it 's hungry . and he free hand open she shift , and he hold a swollen breast in he glove hand , squeezing gently . milk bubbles from it and he thrust the baby 's mouth onto it . igrayne weep and uther watch proudly as the baby suckle . merlin advance from the window , he cape the same iridescent green-black as the feather of the crow that be perch by the window . uther merlin ! out of the sick sleep at last . merlin do what I do for you , it be not easy , you know . it take it 's toll . it take nine moon to get back my strength . uther avoid look at he . merlin now you must pay I . uther I ? merlin the child be mine , uther . I have come for he . uther be shake to he root . igrayne watch , try to understand . uther the oath . you do not say -- merlin you do not ask ! igrayne uther , be it true ? do not let he take the child . uther I swore a oath , igrayne . I make a pact with merlin . igrayne suddenly understand . she glare at uther . igrayne it be you ? you come to I that night . you be the father . uther be catch , and turn to merlin who be harsh and unsway . merlin it 's not for you , uther , hearth and home , wife and child . uther to kill and be king , be that all ? merlin maybe not even that , uther . I think once that you be the one to unite the land under one sword . but it will take another , a great king ... uther you strike I with word as hard as steel . merlin they be not weapon , my friend , but truth . you betrayed the Duke , steal he wife and take he castle , now no one trust you . lot , uryen , you ally will turn against you . give I the child , uther , I will protect he . go back to you war tent . uther wrench the baby from it 's mother 's breast and hand he to merlin . uther ( in torment ) by the oath , take the devil child . take he ! with the bawling baby under he cape , merlin exit . igrayne pull herself out of the bed , weak , she leg give under she . she start after merlin . igrayne why ?... why must he have the baby ? uther stop she with he bulk and she claw savagely at he chest to get past he . he weep as he fold he arm around she . int . passageway , tintagel castle - night as merlin walk through the castle , the baby cry in he arm , the knight and lady step back , afraid to intervene in royal matter . int . hall , tintagel castle - night . merlin come across the empty banquet hall , coo to the baby , strangely pacify he . morgana step out of the shadow in he path , and merlin stop at the sight of the little girl , she pale eye glaring at he . she speak haltingly and clearly while far-off igrayne cry out she distress . morgana merlin , be you now the father , and the mother , of the baby ? stare at she , merlin shudder and without answer he continue away , faster now , and into a unlit passageway , disappear from sight a bit sooner than a ordinary mortal would have . ext . forest - day the forest be dark and shiny with rain . a unseen battle rage . the first combatant in sight be uther , who swing the mighty excalibur , cut a attacker in half at the waist . uther and a small force of knight , ulfius among they , be retreate through the slippery wet forest , completely outnumber . Lord lot of lowthean and Lord uryen of Gore be the leader of the attack . uryens ( to he man ) the King 's sword . I must have it . ulfius and he man stand they ground so the King may escape the onslaught . they be hack down . uther flee alone , sever the limb of any man and tree that stand in he way . ext . stone in the forest - day uther have gain on he pursuer . he come to a small clear where the spine of a bury boulder rise through the forest floor . he stop upon it , breathe hard , drip blood . he rage aloud , but he throat be raw and crack and only a whisper come out . uther merlin , where be you ? to weave a mist , to hide we ... he hear he pursuer close in . uther no one shall have the sword . no one shall wield excalibur but I . he hold it by the hilt with both hand , the blade point to the ground of stone . he flexe he knee . he lift up he hand above he head . and with all the strength that rage and pain can muster , and more , he drive the blade of excalibur into the stone , nearly to the hilt . his mouth widen in a awful silent scream , and then the foam of saliva pink with blood issue from deep within he , so violent be he effort . as the sword cut into the rock , the earth shudder . ext . forest - day the forest quake . the knight search for uther halt in fear . ext . field , wood - day and far away , a cape figure be crossing a field toward a wood , when the earth shake , stir animal and bird . the man turn . he be merlin , the two day - old baby peek from he cape . merlin be amaze at the phenomenon , he put he ear to a rock protrude from the earth . merlin into the spine of the dragon ! ( and then he be sadden ) uther ... I love you , mighty child . and tear welling , and giggle at the same time , he whisk away into the wood . ext . stone in the forest - day uther stagger away , collide with tree , staggering , crash to the ground . until the only life leave in he be the coursing of he blood , flow from he gape mouth onto the leave on the forest floor . the enemy knight advance through the tree . they prod at the fall leviathan , they roll he over to get at he scabbard . only then do they see the sword in the stone , and they stop , amaze and afraid . they captain appear . uryen see what they be stare at , and race to the sword and attempt to pull it out . he strain with all he might , but it be immovable . lot let I . he shove uryen aside , but he can not loosen the sword either , and he rage with frustration . fade out : legend appear : " Fifteen year pass and the land be without a king . " fade in : ext . field - day peasant spill over the crest of a hill . they be flee a force of armored knight , they plume helmet forge in the semblance of predatory animal . the knight thunder past the peasant , trample the ripening crop . Sir uryen be they leader , he hard face indifferent to the havoc he leave in he wake . the peasant watch in mute anger . ext . farmyard - evening Sir lot lead another group of mount knight come gallop into a small hamlet , panicked chicken and pig scatter at they approach . the farmer run for they life as the steel man dismount , lead they horse to water and hay , and search for vittle . a knight spot a woman who stand freeze with fear , and he drag she into the barn as she cry child watch . ext . countryside - night - moonlight a farmhouse be burn nearby , and three mount figure make they way along a trail at a walk pace - a old knight in leather and mail , a young knight proud in gleam new armor ; and on a farm horse , a squire with baggage and jousting lance . the old knight , Sir ector , be troubled by what he see . sir ector it be a dark hour ... everywhere lawlessness and destruction , and no one to lead we out of it . just then , ten craze peasant emerge from the darkness , hurl stone and armed with club and pronge stick . they surround the three rider . Sir ector wheel around and slice the air with he sword to ward off the ambusher . sir ector listen all . I be Sir ector of morven and this be my son . you would wrong I , for I have never steal from other , or destroy the fruit of the land . the peasant edge closer , work up the nerve to rush the horseman . the sound of thunder hoof cut through the clamor . a cavalcade of rider , armor gleam in the moonlight , advance across the field at a gallop . immediately the peasant scatter . the old knight be on the verge of tear . sir ector the people 's anger be just . it be sad that for we own safety , we will have to ride to the tournament with this robber knight . ext . site of the sword in the stone - sunrise Red with the first light of day , excalibur rest in the stone as King uther leave it . the field be itched with tent , each fly its heraldic banner . Knights and squire be everywhere , prepare horse and armor for the joust . a burly man in religious robe harangue the crowd , vie for attention . bishop this be Easter day , when Christ rise again . who will find strength in victory of arm ? who will draw the sword ? the Bishop go among the tent , through the teeming throng , solemnly casting holy water upon man and horse , armor and banner . the knight kneel at the Bishop 's transit , but ceremony do not lift the air of grimness that lie over the event . ext . jousting ground , sword in the stone - day they armor ablaze with sunlight , two mount knight thunder toward each other at full gallop , lowering they long jousting lance . as they meet , the lance of each knight be deflect by the shield of the other . a gasp go through the crowd , and the two knight charge past each other . they wheel around at the end of the jousting ground and go at each other again from the other direction . again lance strike , and this time one of the man be hit in the chest and violently unhorse . the crowd cheer . ext . the sword in the stone - day the victor , leondegrance , ride up to the stone and dismount . each great knight with he coterie of lesser knight come to watch . a charge of expectation be in the air , although most knight be glower with envy . leondegrance of camelyarde ascend to the sword , grab it by the hilt , and begin to tug with all he might . excalibur be immovable . the moment of tension pass . leondegrance stagger toward he wait squire , who lead he away . all the other return to the battle sport . ext . jousting ground - day at the edge of the jousting ground Sir ector 's son Sir Kay be get ready for a bout . his brother Arthur be buckle the new armor while he father fuss about he , make small adjustment when he notice that Kay 's scabbard be empty . he turn to Arthur and grab 's he by the ear . sir ector Arthur , where be Kay 's sword ? a good squire do not forget he knight 's sword . the fifteen year - old boy blushes . arthur I leave it in the tent , sir . sir ector well hurry then , and get it . the boy dash off as Sir ector shake he head , not without affection beneath the sternness . ext . tent - day Arthur run in search of they tent . he find it . int . tent - day he enter . the saddle trunk have be emptied on the floor , equipment be scattered all over . Arthur be shocked , nonetheless he rummages madly . finally he stop , on the verge of tear . arthur it 's be steal .... ext . tent - day he come out , utterly defeat , and frantic . he stop by two knight who be argue angrily ; and one of they have leave he sword in the grass . Arthur look at it . he be tempt to steal it , but he can not . head down , he wander off . ext . jousting ground - day Sir ector and Sir Kay be wait . sir kay Father , I will go and see what 's keep he . ext . the sword in the stone - day Arthur stop at the edge of the dark forest , totally deject , when he see the sword in the stone . he walk up to it , he face lighting up , brim with innocence . he be alone , as everyone have return to the jousting ground . arthur if only Kay could have it ... he smile , forget he trouble , a boy again live in a fairy tale . he grasp the sword by the hilt and it come away easily from its stone lock . not expect it to , he nearly fall . he stare at it , terribly excited and surprised : he tuck it under he arm and rush back . ext . tent - day he bump into Kay . arthur ( breathless ) you sword be steal , Kay , but here be excalibur . be it too late ? I hurried -- Kay take it . he can not believe what he 's hold in he hand . he start to talk but he be so agitate he can only stutter . ext . jousting ground - day Kay , with Arthur in tow , rush to Sir ector and show he the sword ; he tremble with excitement . sir kay look , Father . excalibur . do that mean that I be to be king ? Sir ector be dumbstruck . sir ector do you free the sword , boy ? sir kay I ... do , Father . ector look at he son amaze , want to believe but not able to . sir ector we must go to the stone at once . with excalibur in hand ector of morven head for the stone , Kay follow , and Arthur too , the boy flushed with excitement but a little worried , not understanding what be happen . the exchange between Sir ector and Sir Kay have be overhear . some have see the sword in Sir ector 's hand . rumor spread like wildfire . ext . the sword in the stone - day as Sir ector ascend the stone , from all part of the jousting ground knight and squire , the Bishop and the cleric , and peasant too , press around . ector lower the blade into the tight cleft and excalibur sink to its original position . sir ector draw it , son ! Sir Kay grab the hilt and pull without conviction , and the sword do not give . eye downcast , he let go . sir kay Sir , I do not draw the sword . Arthur give it to I . sir ector Arthur ?! ( spin around to face he ) how do you get the sword , child ? arthur ( frighten ) Sir ... Kay need a sword . his be steal . I see excalibur , and ... I take it . sir ector you freed it , son ? arthur I do , Father . I beg you forgiveness . he start to kneel but ector pull he up . sir ector try the sword , Arthur . Arthur be about to grasp the hilt when uryen and lot , and other noble , leondegrance of camelyarde , and Sir caradoc and Sir turquine among the young , stride up . uryens stand back , Sir ector , and take you child . lot we will try again . uryen , lot , leondegrance , caradoc , turquine - each in turn grapples with the sword , only to be defeat by its immobility . the crowd around the stone be thicken with common folk . sir ector let the boy try the sword . bishop let the boy try ... the demand be echoed by peasant and serf . the great knight remain silent and bitter in they defeat . Sir ector push Arthur to the sword . sir ector go ahead , boy . do not be afraid . the boy hesitates shyly , and then take the hilt of excalibur and pull out the sword with a great sweep . the throng be stunne . silence fall . some kneel , follow the example of Sir ector and Sir Kay , of the Bishop and leondegrance . the other noble stay back , confuse , afraid , angere . Arthur stand there , little more than a boy , he cheek flushed , he soft hair ruffle by the wind , he eye shine with exultation , awe , and fear . then , as if gain confidence from the sword itself , he turn it in arc above he head . bishop we have we King , thanks be to God . the commoner and some of the knight react with roaring enthusiasm . the other draw closer to uryen and lot and they supporter , close rank around they . arthur please , Father , rise up . I be you son before I become you King ... if I be King . Sir ector rise , tear stream down he cheek . sir ector my Lord , you be King , all the more because you be not my son , and I be not you father . this be quite a shock to the boy king , and to the onlooker . arthur who be , then ? sir ector I do not know . merlin bring you to I when you be newly bear and charge I to raise you as my own . at first , I do so because I fear merlin , later because I love you . merlin 's name be on the lip of all that close by . arthur who be merlin ? merlin speak of the devil !... from out of the forest stride merlin , dramatic , cape flow , eye craze as ever , laugh at he own entrance . a crow be perch on he shoulder , and it squawk loudly . annoy with it , merlin swooshes it away . merlin I be merlin . counselor to king . wizard and beggar . Prophet and ... ( he drop it ) I have feast on thunderbolt , I savore my death before I get myself bear . I - - merlin interrupt himself when he eye fall on the boy , who be take in he performance raptly , half awestruck , half amused . arthur whose son be I ? merlin you be the son of King uther , and the fair igrayne ... you be King Arthur . the suspicion and confusion and envy of the lord erupt . lot merlin , we have not forget you . this be more of you trickery . uryens you be try to foist a boy of dubious birth upon we . you want to shame we ? lot Lord leondegrance , join we against the boy . surely you can see he be only merlin 's tool . leondegrance no. I , leondegrance , Lord of camelyarde , see the draw of uther 's sword , and witness no trickery . if a boy have be choose , a boy shall be king . the crowd of serf and peasant cheer wildly , and they long suppress anger against the noble come to the fore . they dare to press up against they , fist hammer on they shield as the chant Arthur King over and over . Dark and scowling , full of rebellion , all the lord except leondegrance begin to withdraw they iron man surround they . ext . chapel , jousting ground - day bell toll the good news . people stream by to see the new king and join the celebration . ext . site of the sword in the stone - day uryen and lot , and caradoc , turquine , and the other lord have mount , and be move out , when from the rear guard a bowman in lot 's service draw upon the unarmored figure of Arthur across the cheer crowd . the bowman let the arrow fly . it fly over the head of the crowd , unseen . except by merlin at Arthur 's side . he extend he arm halfway up , he fist clench tightly as if draw urgently on the power within himself . the sound of wing be hear as he flap he arm . the arrow fly toward Arthur . Arthur see the arrow come right at he , when a swoop crow pluck it out of the air . Arthur watch the crow flap its wing , climb swiftly , the arrow in its beak , disappear over the forest . only he have notice . when he turn merlin be no longer at he side ; to the puzzlement of all . and Arthur be all of a sudden terribly alone and afraid , as people from all side clamor for he attention and guidance . ext . forest - day Arthur charge through the shadowy forest . he be in armor , but it be only a light tunic of mail . excalibur be sheathed in a leather scabbard by he side . he be frantic and he call urgently . arthur ... merlin ... merlin ... his face shine with sweat , the horse be lather . he dismount and continue on foot into denser , more tangle undergrowth . arthur merlin ! a huge eye open in the foreground of what have appear to be shadow , bark and tuft of weed be really merlin 's head . merlin you call , sir ? his voice be thin as he be awaken from a deep , exhaust sleep . Arthur find he lie within the large gnarled root of a great tree . the boy kneel before merlin and lift he hand and kiss they . arthur you save I from the arrow ... merlin ( a flicker of mischief ) but not from you destiny . arthur I want to thank you . merlin that 's not why you come . Arthur blurt it out : arthur merlin , help I . I need you help . I do not know how -- merlin ( irritate ) ' help I , help I . ' help I get up . Arthur help merlin up and the wizard stand unsteadily . merlin I be tired . do magic take its toll , you know . my arm ache terribly ... ( he make fly movement with he arm and grimace ) once -- or be it yet to happen -- I stand expose to the Dragon 's breath so that a man could lie one night with a woman . it take I ten moon to recover . I be sure that story would interest you , since ... well , we will have to talk about it another time . you be too busy now . the forest groan and creak , alive with murmur and shrill call . merlin it be whisper in the forest that ... ( he cup he ear with exaggeration ) ... leondegrance 's castle be under siege by lot and uryen . arthur ( press ) yes , yes , I know that . everybody do . Lord leondegrance be my only ally among the baron and the great knight . I can not lose he . merlin well there . you do not need I half as much as you think you do . you already know what must not happen . arthur ( exasperate ) I must find the mean to save he , then . I be hope I could ask you for a little magic help , but if it make you so tired ... merlin thank you . silence . Arthur try again . arthur it 's just that I have no experience , and no man to speak of . how can I -- merlin ( suddenly fierce ) because you must ! you and only you . have you forget that it be you who freed excalibur ? just as suddenly , he be he amused , ironic self again . merlin besides , it will be a good lesson . ( giggle ) the best , if it 's not the last . Arthur bow he head , confuse and almost defeat . merlin steal a look at he , and put he arm around the boy . merlin maybe you would like to meet the power that give you the sword ? he enjoy be cryptic . arthur how ? where ? merlin in the great book . arthur what book be that ? merlin ( melodramatic ) the book without page . open before you , all around we . you can see it in bit and piece , for if mortal man be to see it whole and all complete in a single glance , why , it would burn he to cinder . arthur what ?! ext . forest and elsewhere - day and night merlin the dragon ! there ... a deep cleft at the edge of the forest , where far below lava boil with a phosphorescence that light up a great cloud , billow upward . merlin coil in the unfathome depth , it emerge ... merlin point to the sky where roiling cloud appear to be unfurl of immeasurable wing . merlin ... it unfold itself in the storm cloud ... a terrific wave batter a coastline , spray shoot up , and as the wave recede it expose dark rock and deep crevice . merlin ... it wash its mane sparkling white in the blackness of seethe whirlpools ... merlin spin Arthur around , and they be transport into a storm sweep forest . lightn strike . merlin ... its claw be the fork of lightning ... its scale glisten in the bark of tree ... the tree shine with wetness , as a great wind toss they crown , the branch groan against each other . merlin ... its voice be hear in the hurricane ... Arthur be awestruck . ext . forest - day Arthur and merlin be back in the same spot , have in fact never move at all , but travel on the spell of merlin 's word alone . merlin ... it be so much more than a scaly monster . it be everything ! Arthur 's eye shine with the brilliance of the vision . arthur and if I be to be King of everything , lord and commoner , beast , leaf and rock , I must use its voice , its claw , its power . ext . battlement , castle of camelyarde - night leondegrance , Lord of camelyarde , be shocked by what he see in the distance . his daughter guenevere , a beautiful girl of sixteen , draw close to he , terrify . with he survive knight , leondegrance be make he last stand . the wall have be breach , part of the castle be burn . ext . outside the castle - night a bellow dragon advance . its eye burn , its scale gleam from light shine from within . it snort fire from its nostril . uryen and lot , caradoc and turquine , the great knight in command of the siege of leondegrance 's castle , back away speechless as the monster descend upon they unprepare war camp . all around they , squire and lesser knight flee in panic and confusion . only a dozen or so remain with they leader . the group back up against the swampy moat that surround the castle , wait with sword draw . the dragon move closer , and now it become apparent that it be nothing more than a force of knight and footmen . they shield glint in the moonlight be the dragon 's scale , torch its burn eye . and the snort flame from its nostril be only merlin do a fire - eater 's trick . the dragon form dissolves , and a banner rise bear the emblem of the Dragon , and under it , Arthur and ector and Kay lead a charge of twenty knight . in Arthur 's hand , excalibur leave a electric glow upon the air . ext . battlement , camelyarde castle - night guenevere Father , it 's the boy King . leondegrance it be . I will fight my way to he side . ext . outside the castle - night Arthur and he man charge into the enemy rank . lot 's and uryen ' people be push into the moat . although the water be only waist - deep , the fall , weigh down by they armor , drow . the horse of the attacker be bring down , Arthur 's among they . he pull out from under it , limping . bleed form wound , cut , slashing , thrust , he fall back from the havoc of the charge . a small distance exist now between the foe , a brief respite . uryen and lot , exhaust , bleed , and fierce in they rage : uryens war-wise fighter , grow gray in battle , checkmate by a boy . lot it 's merlin 's trickery , nothing more . I will not swear faith to that wizard 's brat . Arthur and he man have be join by leondegrance and he knight , few in number . arthur let 's finish this with a show of force . we have no more trick and no more advantage . he rush alone at the enemy , shouting at the top of he lung , excalibur flash over he head , prepare to die . ext . battlement , camelyarde castle - night guenevere watch ... guenevere no ... ext . outside the castle - night sir ector no ... Arthur -- the old knight rush after the boy , sword draw , to defend he flank , and the other follow , a battle cry issue from they that be terrifying in its fierceness . ext . battlement and battlefield below - night ... and when she can not watch any longer , she bury she face in she hand . ext . outside the castle - night Arthur fight like a wounded lion at the center of the savage melee of sword and shield , and once again the two side fall apart . uryen and lot be stand in the moat among the body of they man , be reduce to eleven knight , all wounded . Arthur be flanke by twenty man at arm , most of they wounded , and tremble now beyond exhaustion with blood lust . Arthur step forward alone , and address he opponent . arthur you be in my hand , to slay or spare . I need battle lord such as you . swear faith to I and you shall have mercy . uryens Noble knight swear faith to a mere squire ? Arthur turn , search for merlin . he spot he watch from a distance . they stare at each other , merlin implacable , Arthur 's eye plead . it 's obvious that merlin be not go to help . arthur you be right . I be not yet a knight . ( gain strength ) you , uryen , will knight I . he unsheathes excalibur and go forward , kneel before uryen and offer he the sword . arthur then as knight to knight I can offer you mercy . merlin ( to himself ) what 's this , what 's this ?! Arthur , kneel , bow he head and uryen step up to he , he feature set . he accept the sword . lot watch , a mad hope dance in he eye . ext . battlement , camelyarde castle - night guenevere watch , frighten for Arthur , not dare to breathe . ext . outside the castle - night uryen stand tower above the boy . he smile enigmatically . he lift excalibur . merlin be attempt to push through the crowded rank to get to Arthur . he 's frantic and worried for once . merlin I never see this ... uryen swiftly lower the sword on Arthur 's neck ; with the flat of the blade he give Arthur the three stroke . uryens in the name of God , of Saint Michael and Saint George , I give you the right to bear arm , the power to mote justice . Arthur look up . arthur that duty I will solemnly obey as knight and King . uryen be deeply move . uryens rise , my King . I be you humble knight , and I swear allegiance to the courage in you vein , for so strong it be , it 's source must be uther . I doubt you no more . Arthur rise and uryen kneel and kiss he hand . Sir ector turn away to hide brim tear . merlin push through finally , out of breath . uryen embrace leondegrance while lot and the other enemy knight kneel in turn and kiss Arthur 's hand . ext . wood by camelyarde castle - day the castle can be glimpse through the tree . a clear spring bubbles from the ground , and the sun splashes leaf , bird , squirrel , and bee with golden light , and Arthur and guenevere too . guenevere be serious and intent on she work . arthur owww ... with water from the spring , she be bathing a large cut on he chest that have be stitched close . wound on he arm , and one on a calf also show evidence of she neat sewing . she 's just finish , and she dab he chest with a dry cloth . guenevere it do not hurt too much , do it ? arthur ye ... guenevere -- I be pretty good at stitchery . I have sewn my father 's wound more than once . he start to get up . guenevere careful ! you will have to stay still for a few day or you will tear they open . Arthur shiver at the think . arthur but I have to leave tomorrow . the forest be thick with rebel , invader plunder we shore ... guenevere -- and damsel in besiege castle be wait to be rescue ? arthur I do not know leondegrance have a daughter . guenevere well , then , I shall tell you which knight have maiden daughter , so you can avoid they castle . Arthur smile at she , enjoy she jealousy , and it irritate she a little . guenevere no , I think it 's better if you just stay here to heal . at least a week . arthur I be go . guenevere quiet , or I will sew up you mouth too . she touch he lip with hers , she eyelid flutter shut . he stare at she young beauty , and draw she into a long , slow kiss . a shrill almost human squeal pierce the air not far away . Arthur pull away startle , half -rise . guenevere giggle . guenevere would you rescue I from a fiery dragon , sir ? she put she arm around he , draw he close again , speak in a half - whisper . guenevere it 's just a furry little rabbit that take the bait and sprung the trap . they smile at each other , about to kiss . as they come closer : guenevere you will find he serve up to you tonight , cook in a most excellent sauce ... int . banquet hall , camelyarde castle - evening the soft beat of psaltery and the liquid flow of lute . a serve platter bear roast rabbit in rampant position be carry across the hall . it be laid on the long raise table before Arthur , who preside in the middle . he look at it suspiciously and blushes , remember the afternoon ; and it look back at he accusingly with its cherry eye . guenevere be dance around she father , lovely , glide , sensual . she see Arthur and the rabbit and laugh out-right . he twist off a leg of the rabbit and sink he tooth into it to hide he embarrassment . guenevere pass to another partner , smile at he , radiant . Arthur watch she , he heart break . he be in love . merlin lean close . merlin a king must marry , after all . arthur ...of course ... only then do he realize that merlin have understand everything . he be annoyed at be so transparent . arthur I love she . if she would be my queen , my dream would be answer . merlin ( mischievous ) there be maiden as fair , and fairer than guenevere . if I put my mind to it , I could see they now , many of they , weep for love of you , watch the hill for you come from the high tower of they castle . offer you they every favor . Rich , clever -- but if it be to be guenevere , so be it . a shadow of doubt cross Arthur 's brow . arthur who will it be ? put you mind to it , then . merlin guenevere . and a beloved friend who will betray you . arthur ( smile ) guenevere ... merlin you be not listen . you heart be not . Love be deaf as well as blind . guenevere approach , smile and coquettish . she slap she hand , and a servant set down a tray of pastry before Arthur . guenevere they be only for you , for in they I mix thing that heal , but not too quickly ; and thing that make limb sleepy , prevent escape , but keep one 's mind sharp . she smile at Arthur 's embarrassment and confusion . arthur what 's in they ? she take a cake and bite into it . guenevere it be a ancient mixture , contain only soft , unborn grain , and flavor with rose . the rest be secret . guenevere offer one to Arthur , and he hesitates , look at it . merlin look at the cake be like look at the future . until you have savore its bitterness and its sweetness , its texture and its perfume , what do you really know ? and then , of course , it will he too late . Arthur bite into the cake , and guenevere look deep into he eye . merlin too late ... fade out : a legend appear : " ... but for year war keep Arthur from thought of marriage . " fade in : ext . oak forest - day War tent have be pitch beneath the majestic tree . near the banner of the Dragon a doe graze . Arthur be older , in battle - scar plate armor , pace and angry . he be watch by he wounded and bruise knight -- Kay , uryen , lot , leondegrance , caradoc , and some new young face among the rank . no one talk . the harsh clank of its battle trapping announce the arrival of a horse . all eye watch it walk into the camp . a knight be slouched in the saddle . Arthur run to meet the horse , follow by squire and some of the knight . he ease the rider to the ground , unlace he helmet . it be Sir ector , and he hauberk be badly dent . tear burn in Arthur 's eye . sir ector he be the mightiest and fairest of knight . arthur we fight and win battle , and now one man defeat all my knight ? I will go . he push past the knight and go to he horse . Kay step in front of he . sir kay a king must not engage in single contest . I will go again . Arthur rise into the saddle and take a jousting spear from the rack . arthur where be merlin ? the squire be silent . Arthur gallop off in the direction Sir ector come from . his knight be afraid for he . ext . countryside - day his countenance grim , Arthur gallop along a trail border a plow field when in it a scarecrow move . it start to run as stick - wield farmer pursue it . it be merlin . Arthur turn off into the field , and at the sight of a armored knight on a war horse , the farmer turn and flee . merlin stop to catch he breath . arthur ( angry ) I should have leave you to fend for yourself . merlin I have to weave a little enchantment on the bee so I could get some honey , and I do not feel up to use any more magic just yet . anyway , I be in less danger than you will be in today . Arthur 's hand be clench tight around excalibur 's hilt . arthur so you be steal they honey . they should have kill you . merlin come now . so much anger for such a little crime ? be you sure there be nothing else troubling you ? arthur you know full well there be , and I go to meet it now . come witness my revenge . he offer he arm and merlin hoist himself up behind the King . ext . gorge through the hill - day a waterfall cascade into a pool . the spray cast a rainbow . beneath it be a colorful confusion of flower and budd tree , a place dreamlike in its beauty . Arthur , with merlin behind , gallop along the edge of the pool . the trail widen into a field of grass . Arthur rein beside a pile of break lance and twisted shield . across the field , pitch upon the trail be a war tent make of diaphanous white silk , a sky blue banner above it . merlin slide off and Arthur continue . from the tent , a knight with jousting lance ride forward to meet he . his armor be so shiny it be a mirror . his eye , see through the open visor , seem to laugh . his speech be foreign , from across the sea . he be lancelot of the Lake . lancelot good day to you , sir . arthur move aside . this be the King 's road , and the knight you join arm against be he very own . lancelot I await the King himself . his knight be in need of training . arthur I be King , and this be excalibur , sword of king from the dawn of time . who be you , and why do you block the way ? lancelot I be Sir lancelot of the Lake , from across the sea . I be the best knight in the whole of christiandom , and I look for the king who be worthy of my sword 's service . arthur -- that be a wild boast . you lack a knight 's humility . lancelot not a boast , sir , but a curse . ( a cloud pass over he innocent face ) never have I meet my match in joust or duel . arthur move aside ! lancelot I will not . you must retreat or prove you kingship in the test of arm , under the eye of God . he cross himself . arthur then may he give I the strength to unhorse you and send you with one blow back across the sea . Arthur wheel away , tremble with anger , and gallop to he edge of the field . he see that lancelot have already position himself and be wait , lance down . merlin watch , a spectator , as the two charge at each other . they collide with great force , they spear shatter . Arthur be jolted but stay in the saddle . lancelot 's jousting be impeccable . Arthur draw excalibur . lancelot hold ! I offer you another lance . page come forward with new lance for Arthur and lancelot . lancelot you joust well , sir . Battle learn , but tournament fancy . you should ride more forward in the saddle , though . Arthur grab the spear from the page 's hand , and circle back to work the horse up into a all - out gallop . lancelot spur forward to meet he . Arthur be neatly unhorse . he pick himself up from the ground in a rage , draw excalibur . lancelot on he horse weave circle around he . lancelot yield . I have the advantage . arthur I will not . Arthur charge lancelot , a raging bull , but cut and slashes only at the air as lancelot stay clear of he . arthur fight I from you horse or on foot , but fight I . you avoidance mock I . lancelot I seek only not to harm you , sir . he dismount and draw he sword , and they clash . Shield and sword and armor against shield and sword and armor . the swordplay be furious , Arthur attack , slashing , hack , lancelot parry effortlessly , elegantly defensive . Arthur break the onslaught to catch he breath . lancelot lift he visor . his eye be calm , laugh . lancelot Sir , you rage have unbalance you . it seem you would fight to the death against a knight who be not you enemy , for a length of road you can ride around . arthur so be it , to the death . lancelot it be you , sir , who know not the virtue of humility , as a true king must . Arthur go forward attack with terrible blow upon lancelot 's shield , and lancelot hold he ground , shield high . and in its mirror- like metal Arthur can see he own reflection , a face distort by uncontrolled passion . Arthur discard he own shield , grab excalibur with both hand , and with a frightening shout that speak of all he rage , he swing a terrific blow upon the shield , cut through he own reflection and the metal . and excalibur snap in two . a blind blue-green light explode from the break sword . lancelot , knock back by the force of the blow , be stunne by the blast and fall to the ground unconscious . Arthur back away , horrify , half of excalibur in he hand . arthur what horror be this ? ( call ) merlin ! merlin approach , pale , grip by dread . merlin the sword be break . hope be break ... Arthur pick up the break blade , utterly undone . arthur my pride break it , my rage break it ... humiliation and defeat lie in ambush even for a king . ( look at lancelot ) this excellent knight who fight with fairness and grace be mean to win . with excalibur , I try to change that verdict . merlin stand there , draw , defeat , he hope dead . arthur I have lose for all time the ancient sword of my father whose power be mean to unite all man , to serve the vanity of a single man . despair , he fling the two part of excalibur into the pool . he kneel at the water edge , and he cry . arthur I be nothing . then Arthur see something that startles he . beneath the surface , suspend in the blue- green water amid the dance weed , he see excalibur , intact . it be hold by a maiden in flow gown the color of water , she long hair rippling across she face , obscure it . arthur excalibur ! be it true ? merlin the Lady of the Lake . take it . take it , quickly ! Arthur dip he hand under the water and grasp the hilt and the moment he do the vision in the blue- green water fade . he rise with excalibur in hand , and merlin speak before Arthur can ask the question . merlin there be infinite world within the infinite coil of the Dragon . in one of they , which I have not travel , the sword be forge . I only know that the King be return to we through the instrument of he power . the game continue ! and he laugh . just then lancelot stir . Arthur rush to he side . he loosen he helmet and remove it , uncover damp curl . the young knight 's eye open , and he laugh charm once more animate he face . arthur thanks to God , you be alive . lancelot ( sit up ) I , the best knight in the world , best ! this be a great day , for my search be over . I love you , my King . he embrace Arthur , who be overwhelm by he childlike directness . the King help he to he foot . arthur you be still the best knight in christiandom . you gain a hundred advantage over I . it be I who must love you , for through you courage and patience you teach I a bitter lesson . lancelot then make I you champion and I will always fight in you place . arthur but you life and land be far from here . lancelot I give up my castle and my land ! he thump he breastplate . lancelot my domain be here , inside this metal skin . and I would pledge to you all that I still own : muscle , bone , blood and the heart that pump it . arthur and a great heart it be . Sir lancelot , you will be my champion . lancelot draw he sword , hold it by the blade , a crucifix . lancelot in the name of Jesus Christ and his holy blood , I swear eternal faith to Arthur , King . they embrace , and merlin watch . ext . arthur be war camp - night converge from different direction party of mount knight enter the war camp . lancelot among they . they dismount , battle - weary and burn with the excitement of victory . they quench they huge thirst from bucket carry by squire . they rip off hunk of meat from carcass sizzling on spit over a roaring fire . and they join the throng of knight , where storey of deed of arm of the day be enthusiastically exchange . a great number of knight be pack tightly around King Arthur , each man anxious to tell of he victory . one of they have the King 's attention . knight ... we kill every one of they . burnt they ship ... Arthur see lancelot in the throng and move toward he . merlin follow Arthur and be push and knock around in the crush of spike and iron . the only unarmored man in the crowd , he glare at the excited knight irritably . arthur lancelot , how do you fare in the North ? lancelot we spare the life of a few , so they could sail home and tell they fellow what fate they meet at the hand of King Arthur 's knight ... Arthur turn toward uryen . arthur and you , uryen ? uryens Victory ! arthur lot , and you ? lot we drive the invader into the sea . arthur you , gawain , the East ? gawain the East be ours again . cheer greet each declaration . arthur the war be over . one land , one King . peace . amidst the celebration , a fraca be hear . a knight push forward to talk to Arthur have enter a shove match with that in front of he . knight let I through . I fight the King 's battle too . he must know my story . merlin be brutally jostle . he draw a fistful of powder from he cape and he toss it into the air above he . he raise he staff into the cloud , crack it like a whip . the tip of the staff catch fire , and the fire spread through the powder in the air , stun all into silence . merlin shout and snarl . merlin Chaos ... confusion ... brute ... savage ... troglodyte ... stand back ... make space . merlin swing he burn staff into a wide arc . the knight back away , amused at first , then a bit afraid . merlin the moon ... the sun ... the star ... they spin ... they turn ... they circle ... around we ... we ... the knight have fall back . merlin stalk past each man , and Arthur too , hold the flame tip of he staff before each pair of eye , and stare into they with he gimlet gaze . merlin you , and you , and you , take up you place . be wedd to the world . respect its perfection . all of you , together , be one . the knight have form a circle . they realize this . awestruck , they whisper in astonishment , look up at the sky burn with star . merlin brim with pride as he wait for Arthur to recognize he handiwork . arthur you ancient wisdom and infinite sight have forge this circle , merlin . hereafter we shall come together in a circle , to tell and hear of deed good and brave . I will build a table where this fellowship shall meet . and a hall around the table . and a castle about the hall . a cheer rise . Arthur stride into the ring of knight . arthur and I will marry . another bout of cheer go up , and Arthur stop before leondegrance , rest he hand on the old knight 's shoulder . arthur and the land will have a heir to wield excalibur . leondegrance 's eye fill with tear of joy . a roar of cheer . Arthur draw the sword of power . arthur Knights of the round table , good friend , brother in arm . I send you on a quest harder by far than the battle we have fight together , a quest to uphold always , and everywhere , justice , honor , and truth . each day shall bring forth a cause , and may each cause bring forth a knight . lancelot be draw in by the King 's enthusiasm . he unsheathes he sword and swoops it low in salute . lancelot I swear never to rest twice on the same pillow till all man live at peace . in quick succession all knight draw they sword , follow lancelot 's example . merlin struggle to put out the flame on he staff . he finally do it by smother it with earth . when he look up again , he see the knight gallop off in all direction . int . farmhouse - day terrify woman , a scream child , cower man , old or make old by the hard labor of the field . armore man be ransack a farm , look for grain , and gold which they find among the votive object of a little house altar . a woman be drag away to be rape . through a window , a knight in shine armor be see emerge from the adjoin wood . the plunderer be all of a sudden apprehensive , and fall silent . one of they grab the cry child and cover she mouth with he iron hand . ext . farmyard - day the knight be lancelot , in he mirror- like armor . he ride into the cluster of house and barn that make up the farm . there be other armored man there , around a cart half - load with loot . they smile nervously at lancelot . the farmer be blank with fear . lancelot stop in the middle of the yard . a knight among the armored man come forward . knight good day , sir . lancelot good day to you . and he also acknowledge with a nod the ashen - face patriarch of the community . lancelot spur he horse on , and the knight sigh with relief . but then he rein he horse to a stop . he have sense something . he turn he head , he hood eye on the knight and he man , and they squirm inwardly . int . farmhouse - day the child , she mouth cover by the armored hand . ext . farmyard - day lancelot , listen , watch . int . barn - day the woman , a blade flash next to she eye . ext . farmyard - day lancelot , immobile . behind he , the knight , he face shiny with sweat . his minion inch forward , hand move slowly toward sword hilt . lancelot wheel he horse around . lancelot I hear the stifle cry for help , I smell the reek of fear ... with a shout the knight and he man draw they sword and rush lancelot . he rein in he horse , cause it to rear and break they attack . he slide off , fall on he foot with sword draw , already fight . in a extraordinary show of sword play he cut down six man . int . farmhouse - day hear lancelot storm in , the man hold the child hand she to a woman and kneel before the altar , just as lancelot burst into the room , sword high and already swoop down on the man 's neck . lancelot bring the sword to a halt mid - air , he fury hold in check . the repent man be spare . the woman kneel to kiss lancelot 's hand . ext . site of the sword in the stone - day the field be pitch with war tent and pavilion deck for holiday . noble and knight flank the King and guenevere , a beautiful vision in white samite , a wreath of flower around she head . lancelot lead a long file of prisoner to the King . they fall to they knee , begging forgiveness ; among they be the man whom lancelot have spare before the altar . lancelot this man repent before God for they evil deed . that who would not , meet they fate at the end of my sword . ( he kneel ) accept the fruit of my first quest as my wedding gift . arthur I do . rise , lancelot , come with I . he rise and follow Arthur and guenevere into the central pavilion . page draw its curtain close as they pass inside . int . pavilion - day guenevere be surround by a group of lady and maid who fuss over she dress and she hair . they eye the great knight and whisper about he , guenevere laugh with they . Arthur sit , excited and happy . arthur sit beside I , lancelot . lancelot sit , stiff and upright . arthur you deed set a example for all other knight . for you gift , ask a gift of I . lancelot only give I leave to ride out again , to do what I be most able to do , and happiest do . guenevere overhear . she approach and lancelot jump to he foot . guenevere ( to Arthur ) he must stay for the feast day of we wedding , and tell he deed himself . arthur ( to lancelot , smile ) I grant you you wish if you grant Lady guenevere hers . lancelot I will stay Madame . merlin lean close to Arthur . merlin the knight of galy approach the camp . it would be politic ... arthur ...to ride out and meet they . he rise . lancelot , who be about to sit again , straighten . arthur I will ride with Sir Kay . lancelot , rest here . guenevere do not start a war on my wedding day ! arthur without lancelot ?! Arthur and merlin exit , leave guenevere and lancelot . she look at he , lively and amused , and he can not help smile . guenevere look lancelot . the maid and lady whisper about you . they all dream of win you , young and old , fair and ugly . lancelot blushes . guenevere but surely that 's no secret to you , dear lancelot . you be the bravest and strongest knight they have ever see , and beauty have kiss you brow . he can not look at she . guenevere the well - keep secret be whether any of they have win you heart . lancelot no . guenevere why ? lancelot I be a fight man and I be marry to the quest . that be enough . guenevere and there be no maiden in the whole world who inspire you ? lancelot there be one . guenevere who ?! lancelot you . guenevere I ? lancelot yes . I would swear my love to you . guenevere to I ? but why ? lancelot I cannot love as a woman the lady who will be wife to my King and my friend . and , in pledge my love to you , I can not love any other woman . guenevere smile , move by he blunt innocence . lancelot I will see you in all woman , and I will defend they as I would defend you . he kneel , kiss she thigh , rise and leave . int . chapel - day a chorus of child sing . the Bishop wait at the altar with he friar and altar boy . cornucopias overflow with vegetable and wildflower adorn the church , which glow with the light of a thousand candle . Sir Kay be satisfied . he come back up the petal-strewn aisle . ext . chapel , site of the sword in the stone - day Arthur and guenevere be ushere in by Kay . they be flanke by leondegrance and Sir ector . lancelot and merlin follow , lead the cortege of knight and lady . merlin be incapable of enter the chapel , as if at the threshold there be a unseen force that repel he . lancelot Lord merlin , be you ill ? merlin no , no , I need air . strangle a laugh he wrench himself away . just then uryen and a small party of knight ride up through the tent and dismount in front of the church . uryen help a lady off she horse and join the cortege on foot . uryens merlin , do not you join the celebration ? merlin , who be slinking away through the throng of bystander , look up . what he see send a chill through he body . at uryen ' side stand a young woman of sinister beauty , with bewitch eye of ice . merlin just stare at she , and she smile back at he faintly . uryens my wife , merlin . Lady morgana of cornwall . morgana I remember you , merlin . I be a child . you take my brother away . merlin laugh . uryen shrug and continue into the chapel with morgana . as she enter she glance back , and just then merlin steal a look , they eye meet . int . chapel - day uryen and morgana take they place near the altar . Arthur and guenevere kneel before the Bishop , and Arthur take she hand . the clatter of armor mingle with the enthusiastic , happy sing of the child , and seem to strengthen they song . ext . site of the sword in the stone - evening the chorus carry across the field to the dark wall of tree from which issue another chorus , of hoot and squawk and howl . merlin advance along the edge of the forest . he stop by the stone that once hold the sword , he eye wild . he forget he inner torment when he see a plant at the base of the stone . he kneel beside it and pluck it . he admire its strange flower ; he smell they . two foot appear at he side . he rise to be face to face with morgana . they look deep into each other . then merlin break the silence . merlin you leave you husband 's side ? you leave you brother 's wedding ? morgana be that mandrake , Lord merlin ? merlin it be . morgana can it truly be use for magic ? merlin smile at last , and morgana do , she eye pierce , cruel and lovely . merlin yes ... sometimes ... his gaze drift toward the chapel . merlin ... there be many power in this world . int . chapel - evening Arthur and guenevere be radiant with joy , and lancelot behind they mirror the ceremony of they join in he armor ; and the sweet voice of the child fill the chapel as the Bishop pour the wine into the chalice , and lift it up before he , bless it . he turn to the royal couple . bishop drink this the blood of Jesus Christ we Lord . the chalice seem to burn with a mystical light ; and as the chorus soar : fade out : a legend appear : " and Arthur build he castle , camelot . and one day , in the far reach of the Kingdom ... " fade in : ext . forest , stream - day it be shadowy and dark ; ancient tree creak , unseen animal cry out . a rabbit hop into view and a boy leap forward , grab the animal by the ear before it can move . he -- perceval -- be a wild boy of seventeen , dress in skin with a endear and childlike smile . perceval ( to the rabbit ) sorry . hungry . a din be hear to the forest , and it grow . perceval glance around , panicked . the sound be the rub of leather upon leather , of metal on metal , for now a mount figure in armor hover over the terrify boy . perceval ( stutter ) have I take too much ? he let the rabbit go free . the threaten figure dismount . and perceval , cartwheel backward , landing in the stream and scoop a fish out . perceval ( desperately try to ingratiate ) I have rabbit yesterday . today I will eat fish ... no ? he return the fish to the water . the figure step into a pool of sunlight and a glorious halo streak from the armor . it be lancelot . lancelot do not be afraid . perceval be overcome with astonishment , and he kneel . perceval you be a angel ! not a devil ... lancelot laugh and pull the boy to he foot . lancelot just a man . a knight in the King 's service . perceval you be a man ?! ( he reach out to touch lancelot ) ... with metal skin ! perceval be beside himself with enthusiasm . perceval can I grow metal skin ? lancelot roll he eye , amused . lancelot you have get a lot to learn . ext . sparse forest - day lancelot be canter and perceval be run alongside , shouting in gasp . perceval I will learn ... take I ... to the King ... what 's a ... King ? lancelot shake he head and spur the horse into a gallop . perceval lengthen he stride , and keep up ! lancelot rein to a halt . lancelot very well . climb up . perceval I will run . lancelot listen , boy , it 's more than twenty day from here . perceval twenty day !? the world be that big ? ext . outside camelot , forest - day perceval can not believe he eye . as lancelot and Kay talk about he out of earshot , he see thing that he 's never see before ; and he gape like the country bumpkin that he be . dragon- like kite sweep low , maneuver by child . in a meadow among the tree , knight hone they skill with lance and sword , and lady watch and they " bright eye rain influence and judge the prize . " and then , there be camelot itself ; the great gate and the drawbridge ; the massive wall , and the soar tower and spire above . perceval rush up to lancelot and Kay . perceval who will give I my sword ? Kay be not at all pleased ; nonetheless he take the boy by the ear and lead he across the drawbridge and into the castle . kay Kitchen knife and greasy spit will be you weapon , boy . lancelot smile to himself , hesitation , linger before the great gate of camelot . there be a walkway suspend in the tree above , that also lead to the castle , and promenade on it be a group of woman , guenevere and she lady - in-wait . the Queen see lancelot and hasten toward he . lancelot see she , and mount he horse and head back into the forest . she stop , somewhat ahead of the lady , and watch wistfully . lancelot turn back and see she one last time , draw down he visor and spur he horse into a canter . he pass two commoner who be head for the castle , one fat and the other thin , and they be lock in hot dispute . they wife keep they from come to blow and they child spur they on , enjoy the excitement . lancelot be swallow by the forest . int . hall of the round table , camelot - day guenevere , bear a bowl of perfect , deep red apple , approach the round table , where Arthur sit and merlin at he side , attend to the affair of the kingdom . quite a few of the knight occupy they seat , talk with each other , drink and laugh , attend by lady and page . guenevere place the apple at lancelot 's empty place and take she seat next to Arthur . in the archway that lead into the hall , petitioner wait , eat , drink , talk among themselves . in the din , no one pay attention to the vehement argue of the fat man and the thin man , which continue even here . the hall be the burgeon , happy center of the kingdom . but merlin be oblivious to the lively clamor . he gaze like a lovesick puppy across the table at morgana , who bend over whisper to a knight at the table , the young Sir gahalt , , while he older brother Sir gawain listen . morgana notice merlin 's stare and smile at he , and then resume she flirtation with Sir gahalt , much to merlin 's annoyance . Sir Kay usher the thin man and the fat man into the open space at the center of the table for they audience with the king . they quarrel even as Kay try to present they , and the attention of the hall gradually focus on they . the two man talk at once , interrupt , overlap . fat man I brew ale , sir -- from old shoe -- I be a honest tradesman sir . I must sell what I produce . he will not buy ale and he will not pay . pay up ! he lean over the barrel and suck in the vapor . the vapor be mine . thin man how would you know I , sir , have the misfortune to live next to this criminal ... what loss in that ? not to I ! pay for what ? why ?! they be float on the wind . Arthur be both amused and exasperate . arthur enough !... what be a fair price for the smell of you ale ? fat man that 's why we have come to you , sir there 's no one else who can tell we . arthur what do it cost to get drunk on you ale ? fat man at least three shilling , sir . Arthur address the thin man . arthur give I three shilling . the thin man be crestfallen , the smile go from he face . he reluctantly hand the coin to Kay , who give they to Arthur . Arthur toss they in the air and let they fall on a metal plate . he hand they back to the thin man , who be totally confuse now , as be everybody else . arthur for the smell of you ale , the jingle of he coin . the knight roar with laughter and the fat man and the thin man look at each other in astonishment . perceval let out a raucous laugh that win he a glance of disapproval from Kay . int . hall of the round table - night the din of the petitioner be replace by music . it be the hour of the evening feast , and all knight be present , except lancelot . Whole tree trunk burn in the great fireplace , and lamb roast on spit in the flame . page run to and for with trays of food and wine , perceval among they . morgana stop beside merlin . morgana what do I see today in the wizard 's eye ? censure , because I enjoy a few word with a young handsome knight ? merlin be in agony , a bug stick on a pin . merlin no , no , of course not . you be young ... merlin I be not jealous ! morgana it 's clear you be , and it irk I . merlin no . yes , I be . I be jealous . I want to write poem about you with moonbeam , make the sea sing you name ... morgana a lovestruck page ! merlin shh ... yes , yes . sit with I , please ... morgana . she do , laugh and in complete control . his hand immediately slide onto she thigh . she remove it , but hold it in she hand , toy with he finger . morgana a steamy , panting , lovestruck page . but what good be song and poem to I ? they be the barter of ordinary love . a gift that reflect you greatness be the only one worthy of you love . merlin look at she , know already , sad yet eager . merlin I show you all my conjure trick ... morgana the deep secret , the forbidden formulas ... merlin maybe ... maybe ... merlin 's thought have carry he far away , when he realize that Arthur be address he . arthur merlin , be you counselor to the King , or to my sister ? some knight laugh . merlin at you service , sir . arthur then answer I this . for year peace have reign in the land . crop grow in abundance , there be no want . every one of my subject enjoy he portion of happiness and justice , even that whose tiresome misunderstandings we must resolve here each day . tell I , merlin : have we defeat evil , as it seem ? merlin good and evil ; there be never one without the other . Arthur be take aback . arthur where hide evil , then , in my kingdom ? merlin never where you expect it , that 's all I know . he chuckle softly and Arthur be puzzle . a knight speak out , the young knight with whom morgana be flirt . his manner be sarcastic . sir gahalt if we have peace and justice , why be lancelot never with we ? why be he always riding out on he quest ? he must know where this evil be . sir gawain could there be evil within lancelot himself ? to live above human folly , as be he aim , be to be overly proud . sir gahalt he pay no heed even to the queen long for he company . the hall fall silent , all eye upon the Queen . guenevere ( lash out ) what be it you would have you word mean , Sir gahalt ? frightened , gahalt do not answer . morgana have slip to guenevere 's side . morgana do not listen to he . you be the Queen . Arthur , ashen -face , turn to merlin for help , but he have escape into sleep ... arthur Sir gahalt , answer the Queen . guenevere no . I mean not to be angry with you , Sir gahalt . in the idleness that come with peace gossip have bread its own evil . you merely repeat it . please , sir , have one of that apple that lancelot love , and in that gesture partake of its goodness . morgana pick the bowl up and as she do so , unseen by any and with a magician 's dexterity , she thrust she fingernails deep into the top apple . she give the bowl to guenevere , who take it and sweep around to where Sir gahalt sit , follow by morgana . the young knight jump to he foot . guenevere take one , Sir gahalt . sir gahalt I be most honore , my lady . he be too shy to take the shiniest , most beautiful apple on top , and go for another one . morgana giggle , and he look at she . she look at the apple on top and then smile encouragingly at he . Sir gahalt take it and start eat as the Queen return to she seat . with the third bite he be unable to breathe . his face go red and he rise to he foot , attempt to call out . he fall , die immediately . all leap to they foot , and Arthur rush to the young knight . merlin be asleep and far from human affair . Arthur and Sir gawain rise from the body of the young knight . Sir gawain back away from Arthur and point at guenevere , tremble with cold rage . sir gawain hear I , Lord Arthur , and knight and chieftain : I charge guenevere with the murder of my brother . guenevere , white and with a break voice , turn to Arthur . guenevere I do not ... I be innocent . she begin to swoon and morgana keep she steady on she foot . Arthur slump into he seat and Sir gawain kneel before he . sir gawain I champion this truth : that Queen guenevere murder Sir gahalt with the aid of sorcery . enrage , Arthur reach for excalibur . but with effort he check he impulse . arthur the Queen will be in my charge till a champion step forward to fight on she behalf . guenevere not you , my husband ? Arthur can not look at she . sir gawain she must be burnt at the stake . that be the sentence for murder do with magic . arthur it be . lord and knight of the round table , as she husband I say that this deed be not do by guenevere . who among you will champion this truth ? no one respond . guenevere fall into she seat . Arthur search the eye of he knight and they evade he . arthur Sir caradoc ! you ! the knight look up . caradoc I be tear . Sir ector , old and feeble , weep for Arthur . someone speak up . it be perceval , who kneel before the Queen . his voice be unnaturally loud , and he eye shine with hold - back tear ; he stutter . perceval I will champion you , my lady . he be overwhelm by he own boldness . he look around . all eye be upon he . guenevere smile at he , sadly . guenevere I thank you , but you be not yet a knight . perceval I will find lancelot ! he will come ! perceval hurry from the hall . Arthur look away , ashamed , and he eye fall on merlin , twitching and mumble in he sleep . merlin boy !... boy will be boy ... ext . hovel - countryside - day in full armor but for he helmet , lancelot be seat at a small table in the shadow of a tree , eat a apple . a young girl be turn a chicken on a spit , and she mother be remove freshly - baked bread from a oven . it be very peaceful and silent until , gallop all out , perceval arrive . frantic , out of breath , he leap from he lather horse . perceval I have find you . the Queen . a apple . tomorrow . Sir gawain ... lancelot -- it must wait , child . this good lady , for whom I intervene once , will honor I with a meal . I be beholden to they now as I be when they begge my protection . the two woman set the chicken and the bread before the great knight , and stand back to watch he eat , flushed with excitement . perceval fall silent , in awe of lancelot . int . bedchamber , camelot - night Arthur stand hunch over the fireplace , stare into the flame . guenevere pace back and forth to a window . guenevere why can not you be my champion ? arthur if I be you judge , I can not be you champion . when I act as you King , I can not be you husband . guenevere and you can not love I ... arthur the law , my law , must bind everyone , high and low , or they be not law at all . lancelot will come ... guenevere and if he cannot be find , no other knight will champion I , though you beseech each and every one of they . why be king if there be no one you can call loyal subject but a eager boy ? he hide he anguish from she . numb with hurt , she go to a tall curtain window , and draw it open , and stand there look out upon the surround forest , silent and still beneath the moon . ext . window - night she cry softly , and she whisper the name of the great knight . ext . edge of the forest , wall of camelot - night . a mount knight stand motionless at the edge of the forest , he armor gleam with dark lustre . it be lancelot . his eye be raise to the high window , where he see guenevere . he watch she in silence . in the high window guenevere draw the curtain and lancelot rein back into the forest . ext . forest - night lancelot have unsaddle and tethere he horse in a small clear . he sit , rest back against a tree . he remove he helmet ; he plant he sword before he , like a cross . he loosen the tie of he breastplate . he wait for day , yawn , tired . but he eye burn , and he close they and nod off to sleep . a knight appear silently hover over he . lancelot look up , and he eye go wide with fear . the knight tower above he wear armor identical to he , and he raise he sword , and the blade be descend upon lancelot . lancelot draw he sword from the ground and roll away , but the knight 's sword slice through he shoulder joint . lancelot attempt to rise but already the knight , lancelot 's mirror image , be upon he . from the ground , lancelot parry the blow and slashes at the opponent 's knee , cut through the joint in the armor and sever the leg . the knight do not fall , do not bleed , do not cry out . on one leg he come forward , a horror . lancelot be paralyze by fear . as the knight leap upon lancelot , lancelot rise to meet he , impale himself on the knight 's sword below the hauberk . he throw the knight to the ground , and come down upon he . he rip off the helmet and the breastplate . the armor be empty and lancelot roll over on he back , awaken from the nightmare with he own sword deep in he stomach , and in he hand he own helmet and breastplate , while other part of he armor lie strewn around he . only then do he become conscious of the terrible pain and the shock of the truth . he grab the hilt of he sword and draw it from he stomach . he curl up in agony , clutching a fistful of leave to the wound . lancelot guenevere , I fight against myself ... he lose consciousness . ext . jousting ground outside camelot - dawn the Bishop bless the field . guenevere , numb and disbely , be be lead to the stake , which rise from a bed of straw and wood . Arthur watch , in shock . other knight and lady keep they distance , watch darkly , steal glance at Arthur , mumble disapproval of he refuse to defend guenevere . in battle dress , Sir gawain ride up and down the jousting run on a snort and powerful horse , practice . perceval , in a mail doublet , wait beside a mangy roan , he face burn with anxiety . guenevere be tie to the stake . all eye watch for the approach of she champion . Arthur go to perceval . arthur be he come ? perceval he hear Lady guenevere 's request and he say nothing . that be all . Arthur hide he pain behind a rigid mask . ext . jousting ground - day the sun have rise shine cruelly into guenevere 's eye ; the queen be alone at the stake . Sir gawain ride up to King Arthur , who wait alone , separate from the other . sir gawain my Lord , the sun be upon the field . the Queen have no champion . I demand justice , as be my right . arthur so it be . perceval leap onto he horse . perceval let I champion the Queen ! Sir gawain look at the squire with contempt . sir gawain ( to Arthur ) since no knight come forward , I demand justice -- Arthur be in anguish . he search the tree line for a sign of lancelot . he look from guenevere at the stake to he own knight watch he . he draw excalibur . a gasp go through the crowd of onlooker . arthur Boy , kneel . perceval leap from he horse and bend he knee before the King . Arthur bring the sword down on the boy 's shoulder , give he the three stroke . arthur in the name of God , of St. Michael , and St. George , I make you a knight . rise , Sir ... perceval ... perceval ! gawain shake he head disdainfully as perceval mount back into the saddle , he eye burn with fervor . Sir gawain and perceval ride to opposite end of the field . the spectator fall silent , all stare blankly , they sense dull by the tragedy , at the uneven combatant . a cry go up . lancelot ride out of the forest . he ride up to the King and salute he . Arthur smile at he old friend , tear of joy in he eye . lancelot bow toward guenevere and ride on to where perceval wait . lancelot reach out to touch perceval 's cheek . lancelot it 's my task to prove the Queen 's innocence . perceval cannot reply , he eye affix on the blood that trickle from lancelot 's hauberk . lancelot raise he lance in salute to gawain across the field . gawain salute in answer . the two huge knight charge at each other , each man 's spear tip make contact with the other 's armor , and in the violent collision both be unhorse . lancelot be slower at get to he foot and draw he sword . he be bleed below the hauberk from he self - inflicted wound . in the first onslaught lancelot fight defensively , fall back . he have to toss aside he shield and hold he stomach with he shield hand . morgana watch with merlin . every terrible blow of sword on sword reverberate through she body pleasurable . merlin be captivate by she cruel sensuality . ext . jousting ground - late day they swing and thrust at each other with slower but bone - crush force , both unsteady now . blood seep from lancelot 's foot , leave awful footprint on the earth . finally , with a dare thrust , lancelot lift gawain 's visor and the sword tip be before he eye . gawain drop he sword and shield , kneel and speak in a voice hoarse with weariness . sir gawain the Queen be innocent . I yield to you mercy , Sir lancelot . lancelot collapse in a dead faint . int . cell , camelot - evening eye close , lancelot lie on a bed , naked but for a cloth across he loin . his minor wound have be dress , and merlin be knead the huge gash in he stomach , work the severe flesh together . guenevere stand on one side of the bed , Arthur on the other , both look down upon lancelot , relieved and not dare to look at each other . merlin flesh on flesh . you must press on the wound , guenevere , hold it , and it will begin to bind . guenevere kneel , and at she touch lancelot 's eye flicker open . merlin exit , and draw Arthur away with he . Arthur be deeply torment . arthur merlin , tell I . now that guenevere be return to I ... merlin what be it my child ? merlin appear move by the predicament that Arthur have to face . arthur will I have a son ? merlin stare off into the evening sky , where a lark sing high up . merlin yes . arthur just yes ? no mad laughter , no riddle , nothing but a simple yes ? that frighten I . merlin a king should be afraid , always . the enemy be everywhere . wait in ambush in the dark corridor of he castle , on the deer path of he forest , or in the gray and wind path of a more tangle forest , in here . he tap he skull and smile . int . cell - evening lancelot be stare into guenevere 's eye . she open she shift , bare a breast with the innocence of a mother prepare to suckle a child . she press she breast to he wound , she face to he chest , she arm enfold he . she whisper . guenevere flesh on flesh . I will heal you . his body tremble and he eye brim with tear . he be lose . int . hall of the round table , camelot - night the court be assemble , for the evening feast . there be music and heavy drink . some knight be slouched across the table . lancelot , still weak , take he seat , look at the drunken and frivolous knight . Arthur catch it , and they smile at each other . arthur they miss the battlefield . I think we do too . lancelot but one can still keep a sword sharp riding out in the name of the King 's law . guenevere cannot tear she eye from lancelot . he avoid she look . Arthur look from guenevere to lancelot , and speak softly to he , across she , and with stabbing directness . arthur it be not easy for the young one to learn knightly virtue without the hard teach of war and quest . it be only you example , lancelot , that bind they now . then , address the hall : arthur which be the great quality of knighthood ? courage ? compassion ? loyalty ? humility ? what do you say , merlin ? he be bent close to morgana , whisper . only when the hall ring with laughter do he look up . merlin what ? ( then see he have a audience ) the great ? they blend together like the metal we mix to make a good sword . arthur I do not ask for poetry . which be it ? merlin look from Arthur to guenevere to lancelot to Arthur . merlin all right . Truth . it must be truth , above all . when a man lie he murder some part of the world . a uneasy silence fall upon the feast . guenevere and lancelot can not look at each other , and Arthur feel it . lancelot jump to he foot . lancelot conversation and court life do not suit I . I must take my rest in the forest . guenevere stifles she dismay . arthur have not merlin mend you wound ? lancelot it be deep ... Arthur be about to rise to embrace he , but check himself . arthur you will be sorely miss . heal yourself and come back . the exchange have become closely intimate , even though they stand apart and speak before everyone in the large hall . lancelot leave . only guenevere can not watch . ext . forest glade - day Water gurgle from a rock that be captive in the root of a ancient oak . lancelot , in armor , recline against its trunk , the root cradling he . he be perfectly still , draw life from the vibrant , all - enfold forest . flower petal drift on the breeze . tree sigh . Fox and rabbit , sparrow and hawk , at peace with each other , watch over the knight . ext . forest - day a horse and rider tear through the thick undergrowth . it be guenevere . the forest race past she as she gallop toward the glade , bramble tear at she flesh and clothes . ext . forest glade - day lancelot get to he foot , tense . guenevere dismount and approach . she be flushed and breathless from the wild race . her horse , leave free , wander over to he and graze beside it . lancelot why ? you will destroy Arthur , and we ... she move closer and he thrust out he mail fist to keep she away . she clutches it and press the metal to she soft tear - streak cheek . lancelot the law forbid it . guenevere Love demand it . hungry with passion , she embrace the cold unmove armor , kissing it . lancelot there be thing about love -- guenevere -- nothing ! he step back , draw he sword . he hold it up by the blade between they . lancelot by my knight 's sword , I swore faith -- and before he can finish she grab the blade to push it aside . he hold it fast . blood stream from she bare hand . he can not prevail without cut they deeply . he let go of the sword , and she let it fall to the ground . she embrace he still and defeat hulk . she kiss the metal , and sensation shoot through he , dizzying he . lancelot guenevere ... he fold she in he arm , and they body lock together as though a trap have sprung . they mouth meet , each devour the other ... ext . battlement , camelot - dusk Arthur and merlin , the King desperate , the wizard overwhelm by compassion : arthur I be alone and betrayed . by my wife , by my beloved friend , by my knight . and by you . perhaps most of all by you . for you make I , you forge this wretch life . and like a child tired of a toy , you toss I aside , a babbling lecher trot after my sister ... merlin that be my destiny . I have a destiny , too ... arthur with all you power , you be content to be ridicule , laugh at ... merlin my power fade , Arthur . I resort to cheap trick ... ( with sudden enthusiasm ) yes ! I enjoy every moment of my foolishness , I join in the make of it , so no one can betray I . but you ! you betray yourself . arthur I ? I have live by the oath of king and knight . merlin you betray the boy who draw the sword , the boy who see the Dragon ... the Dragon who move close by , coiling and uncoil , restless , look down , wait for the King to be a king ... Arthur look up and in the roll cloud maybe , just maybe , the form of a dragon be take shape . Arthur draw excalibur , intensity animate he dead feature . arthur I must do it myself . I must kill they both . lancelot and guenevere . will you ride with I , merlin ? merlin I cannot . I must not . here I must stay . they embrace . merlin be on the verge of tear , he face immediately sad and finally ancient . Arthur exit . morgana , who have be watch from the shadow , watch from the shadow , slink up to merlin 's side . morgana crazy old fool . you think yourself a kingmaker . ha ! a meddler , more likely . look what a mess you have make of thing . merlin smile knowingly at she . merlin i? perhaps , perhaps . I be lose interest , morgana ... I have help men-- or meddle in they affair , if you would have it that way -- since the dawn of time . now let they live by they own law . let they stand on they own foot . the god of once be go forever , it be time for man ... morgana , make a man out of I . kiss I . he reach to touch she lip . she cradle he hand in hers and do not allow merlin to kiss she . she kiss he knuckle and stare into he eye , stoke he desire . morgana you know what I want . I want the secret of true magic , how to thicken the stuff of dream and wish with the flesh of the world . merlin that I cannot . she break away , provocative , allure . morgana then I will not . ext . forest - night Arthur and Sir Kay gallop through the forest , silently . it be not a dream . they armor and the hoof of they horse be muffle with piece of cloth . ext . forest glade - night only nature will ever see they love ; the creature of the air , tree and ground witness the final reality of they passion and sense its unfathomable depth , sing of it in a hundred language . lancelot and guenevere be naked and interlocked , one be , suspend in the darkness in the eye of the forest . ext . forest - night Arthur walk soundlessly through the tree , approach the glade . the forest fall suddenly silent . ext . forest glade - night all passion spend , lock in each other 's arm , lancelot and guenevere drift off into sleep . Arthur come upon they . he stand over they . he draw excalibur . check all emotion , he hold it above he head . the ancient steel glow darkly . the lover face be serene and innocently beautiful . he hesitates , torment . his mask of anguish give way to determination and calm . he strike the sword home , let go of it . he back away , turn and disappear into the forest . ext . forest glade - dawn the sky be red ; so be the steel of excalibur . lancelot awaken and start at what he see . his cry stir guenevere . they be horrify to see excalibur impale in the ground between they entwine body . it have pierce they union without graze they flesh . they leap up and back away , unable to speak at first . lancelot why do not he kill we ? guenevere he have give up . she kneel before the sword , embrace the hilt to she breast . lancelot the King without he sword , the land without a king ... guenevere we be to blame . lancelot stumble into the forest , berserk with guilt . he rage against a small tree , cry out , and he rip its root from the ground , the terrible tear and rent the symbol of he own inner torment . guenevere sink to the ground next to lancelot 's empty armor and he abandon sword . int . dungeon of camelot merlin and morgana descend wind step cut out of rock . the only light come from the glow of merlin 's staff . merlin when Arthur build the castle , I carve out a place for myself , where I could laugh or sleep , and no one would bother I . morgana people make you laugh ? he laugh . merlin they do . morgana why ? he lean close to she ear , whisper into it . merlin they do not know how close they live to the edge of delight or disa ... he be about to kiss she when he slip . he laugh . merlin happiness or horror . int . cave beneath camelot they pass through jaw of stalactite and stalagmite . merlin crack he staff whip - like and a ball of fire billow up from the tip and illuminate a cave wildly vein and filigreed with mineral and crust with growth of crystal . the light go out but the malachite and the gold , the quartz , diamond and beryllium burn dully . he turn to she , suddenly tall and unstoope , young , sleek and evil . merlin in the fold of the earth where the force that hold the world together be more alive , my power be strongest . here I will possess you , as a man possess a woman . and the god , the eunuch , the mule that I be , will be no more . he sweep she up into he arm . morgana you be truly magnificent ! merlin flattery ! do you think I be ignorant of you stupid little game ? prey on you weakness of other . that 's you power , a petty evil . mine be great . great plan . impossible dream . laughable ending ... he deposit she on bare rock . he kiss she . she push he away . morgana merlin , the power of summon , the true name of the charm of do and undoing . show I ! merlin I will not . you would misuse such power . I have pay enough for you , and I will have you . she lean forward and kiss he ear and whisper . morgana make magic , my foolish wizard . for we love . weave a marvelous room around we , a room worthy of we coupling . she draw closer , kissing he deeply . he breathes heavily . merlin what do you want ? you must desire it for I to weave it . morgana wall of shine crystal , burn with red fire , furnishings of metal and jewel never see by man ... morgana fall silent as merlin raise a hand , majestically intone a harsh repetitive charm . the mineral vein of the cave begin to glow and fog seep out from they envelop the couple . merlin desire it and it will be as you desire . morgana burn with intensity . merlin utter a formula and the fog coalesc around they into the shimmer presence of crystal wall , fountain raining jewel , flower make of scent air , a bed of glass shot with light and cover with skin of animal dead before the time of man , goblet of ruby , tapestry woven of golden hair . she reach out to touch the wall and she hand plunge through the unmaterialized illusion . morgana it 's only a semblance . you disappoint I . she begin lace up she loosen gown . merlin do not touch the wall . come close to I . she do , a mad hope in she eye . she kiss he chest . morgana do it , merlin , the deep secret . fix it with the charm of make , for we endless pleasure . he utter the ancient charm , morgana listen closely , memorize it . the illusion be all of a sudden solid . merlin for you ... she run she hand across the hard crystal surface , she eye gleam . from outside the wondrous room they can be see to embrace . he carry she to the magical bed where he make love to she , as they disappear from view in its effulgent light . she come out through the crystal door , burn with evil intent . she turn to watch he asleep in the bed . she utter the charm of summon learn from merlin , and the room melt into a eddy carmine fog . within it , merlin struggle to awaken from the torpor of love , alarmed . outside , morgana utter the charm of make and the gaseous mass begin to crystallize . Inside , merlin be rise to he foot , breathe the red fog , he movement slow to a standstill , he mouth open in a scream of horror . the cloud have metamorphose into a magnificent cluster of red crystal . morgana peer into its facet and there she see , in fragment , merlin 's terror ... a eye , the gape mouth , a claw hand -- as he be entombed in the stone . she laugh in triumph . ext . forest - camelot - day surrounded by forest , the spire and battlement of camelot rise under black storm cloud . Arthur and Kay ride back to the castle . int . hall of the round table - day the great hall be in gloom . few knight be in attendance at the table . some sleep off last night 's wine . Arthur approach , haggard , search . arthur have no one see merlin ? Knights look up ; that who meet Arthur 's reddene eye shake they head . Arthur leave . a knight whisper to another . knight do you see ? the King be without excalibur ... int . passageway , camelot - day echoing in the vault corridor outside the hall , the knight 's whisper stab Arthur . the word now seem borne on the whistling wind and follow the King wherever he go in search of merlin . he come upon a knight seduce a lady in a dark corner by the chapel door , he hand under she gown . Arthur note the sacrilege in silence , and continue on he way . int . bedchamber - day the wind keens . Thunder roll overhead . Arthur enter he bedchamber . he sit by the empty fireplace , a break man . feminine hand light on he shoulder . he start . he look up . it be morgana . he smile and grasp she hand . morgana I will weep for you , brother , for a King must not weep . she come around and she kneel in front of he . before he can talk she silence he with a tender caress . morgana do you know what guenevere 's maid have whisper ? he shake he head . morgana that when the King return from battle ... she begin untying the lace of he metal thigh and shin guard . morgana ... guenevere would unlace he armor and massage the burn where metal rubbed on flesh ... she be stripping he leg naked , gently touch the flesh with she fingertip . he stare off , remember . morgana ... she would prepare a bath for you , mixing special ointment in the water ... Arthur 's eye brim with tear . morgana weep , embrace he knee . he rest he hand gently upon she head , choke with remembrance , soothing she . but as she weep , she incant a charm . Arthur look down upon she , and the woman who look up at he be guenevere , a guenevere with cold ice eye . he be make weak by desire and weaken further by magic . he hold she face adoringly . arthur guenevere ! you be -- " guenevere " -- do not speak . a thousand word , a hundred thousand word , would only be prologue to the truth that must be . that you , King , and I , you Queen , beget a son to bond we love and to strengthen we weak kingdom with a successor . come , my lord ... she draw he to the floor and upon she body , hold he tightly to himself . Arthur tremble with excitement , pathetic in he desperate passion . as he take she , she shudder , lose control of the charm , and she feature change till once again " guenevere " be morgana . she hold he in a tight embrace so that he may not see she . she whisper in he ear . morgana the moon flow in my blood to meet you seed . and already I bear he who will be King . Arthur wrench himself away so he can see she , she arm still around he neck . he look down upon she , aghast , incredulous . morgana I could easily kill you , brother . but I want you to live to see we son be King . in I , the blood of cornwall will have its revenge ; in I , the blood of uther will show its dark side . she press she thumb into he neck and he faint . ext . forest - camelot - day morgana , with a small party , ride away from the castle through the lash storm , till they be take from sight in the fold of the forest ... int . chapel , tintagel castle - night lighten fork across the sky , illuminate the interior . the chapel have be transformed into a place of satanic worship . held up and surround by hood figure , morgana lie on the altar , she pregnant belly huge ; and she feature be fierce with passionate intensity . she writhes in the pang of childbirth . morgana stand back , all of you . through my own body I have nurture he with my potion . I make he . I alone can give he life . int . chapel , camelot - night Arthur enter , pale and haunt . mass be be celebrate , and some knight be present . that not asleep whisper to each other about the King . the sound of a approach storm be hear . as the priest raise the chalice to consecrate the wine . Arthur come down the aisle and step onto the altar . he reach out to grasp the chalice from the priest 's hand . int . chapel , tintagel castle - night morgana hold aloft she beautiful newborn baby , he body glisten in a flash of lighten . she be triumphant . int . chapel , camelot - night . a bolt of lighten strike the chalice , rock the chapel , and Arthur be knock back violently . rain lash in through the shattered window upon the terrify knight . they and the priest back away . Arthur be leave alone . he rise and go to the chalice , which be bent and crack . he kneel before it . steam hiss up as rain fall on it . int . hall of the round table - day Sun stream in . many of the knight be in attendance , in full armor . lady and page watch from dark corner . Arthur address the fellowship . he hold the crack chalice in he hand . he burn with a new-found fervor . arthur who will ride the labyrinth of the forest , to the very root of he soul , to the very end of the earth , to find the secret that will redeem we from the evil that have fall upon we , and make this chalice , and ourselves , whole again ? gawain rise and draw he sword in salute . sir gawain I will ride forth in the name of that quest , and commit my strength and my soul to it . perceval , Kay and a few other draw they sword and touch they lip to the blade in oath . sunbeam splash off they armor . perceval I will go . the rest of the fellowship draw they sword in imitation , but the resolution within they be not strong . Arthur come forward to gawain . arthur gawain , a dreadful fear be upon I , that we may never meet again , that the fellowship will be no more ... he embrace gawain , tear in he eye . he turn to perceval , and perceval kneel . perceval we will find the secret or die . Arthur kiss the young knight 's brow . then he turn to Kay . arthur Kay , I know you heart yearn to go , but I be prisoner to my duty , and you must be to yours , at my side . Arthur and Kay watch the knight file out till the hall be empty , the harsh song of they armor grow distant . fade out : a legend appear : " for nine year they searched . morgana 's power grow in the land . " fade in : ext . snowscape - day under a leaden sky , gawain drive he horse through swirl snow . he come upon a mount knight who be freeze in he track . he brushes the snow from the man 's face . the freeze feature belong to caradoc . he slowly continue on he way . ext . dead forest - day dangle from the branch of a dead tree be a dozen dead knight of the round table , crow peck at the rotting flesh in the chink of armor . perceval ride up , cry out in horror , and spur he horse away . ext . moor - day the rotting carcass of sheep . the crop blacken and withere on the stalk . hungry peasant head for a distant hill . ext , hillside , moor - day a giant head have be carve out of a outcrop of rock , its stone mouth gape toward the sky . people be congregate around the mouth . peasant and farmer , they be wild with excitement , respond to drum throbbing and bagpipe wail . they watch morgana , who be surround by knight in dark armor . at she side be a angelic boy of eight , he eye cold as he mother 's . morgana be more beautiful than ever , in flow druidic robe , the gossamer silk cling to she sweat - drench body . she be stand by the deep hole which form the giant 's open mouth . it be cover by a tooth - like grate act as a drain for the blood of human sacrifice make there . before she be gawain , chain and struggle against five strong man who hold he . morgana lift a dagger and plunge it into gawain 's chest . the fountain of blood that gush from the great knight 's body drive the crowd into a frenzy . morgana ( intone ) the blood of this knight will feed the god in the earth , he be weak with hunger , and he will be make strong by this blood . then he will plant he seed , and the land will be fertile once again . gawain , he blood flow from he and into the giant 's mouth , look up in anguish . his bellow voice be echoed and amplify by the hollow beneath the drain . gawain Arthur , forgive I . I die without the secret . I have fail . ext . moor - day gawain 's death cry and the din of the ritual carry to perceval 's ear as he wander through the wasteland . he draw down he visor and spur he horse forward . ext . hillside , moor - day he gallop toward the giant 's head . he check he sword and lower he lance . the knight charge forward on he war horse be a awesome sight , but the crowd around the giant 's mouth be strangely unfrighten . morgana be excited ; she turn to the boy . morgana look , mordre , a true prize for the giant . the lamb ride into we jaw . perceval be gallop toward they when the ground give way beneath the horse , and he and the animal plunge into a pit . the cheer crowd rush to the edge of the trap . morgana ( to mordre ) you must kill he , for this knight be dear to you father . you must do it and learn to enjoy you father 's pain . her knight drag perceval , unarm , into morgana 's presence . morgana have you find what you search for ? have you find what Arthur seek ? perceval do not answer , defiant and hide he fear . morgana you have not , or you would be smile now in the face of death . you quest be a impossible one . perceval that it might be impossible make it all the more necessary . morgana fool ! ( to the man hold perceval ) uncover he . I will show you the mystery of life . it 's death ... ( to mordre ) do it , mordre ! holding perceval by he limb and hair , the man force he down on the bloody grate , draw back he head , expose he throat . morgana kneel by he head , and draw the boy beside she . she hold the tip of the dagger to perceval 's neck and take mordre 's hand and wrap it around the handle . perceval be choke with fear , he heart pound in he throat . morgana feel the life through the dagger , child . it belong to you . the boy look up at he mother . the vein in perceval 's neck push against the dagger 's point . mordred I feel it , mother . I will give he blood to the giant . the boy raise the dagger , and hesitates just a bit . perceval resign himself bravely . he look the child calmly in the eye . mordre bring down the blade without strength , just pierce the skin with the tip . he let go of the dagger , afraid now of he mistake . the dagger clatter to the grate and slip away down the drain , before morgana can retrieve it . she rage against mordre . in the confusion , perceval tear loose , the man hold he slip on the blood - wet stone . perceval run through the crowd . immediately , lance lower , a knight be upon he . perceval leap toward he , catch the lance in he hand , and pull down the rider with it . he jump the rider and draw the knight 's sword . whirl the lance and cut the air with the sword , he keep back the other knight for a moment , give he time to see he chance . he leap onto the riderless horse and charge off through the crowd . he rein in abruptly , the horse rear . he be wary of the ground before he ; there could be a hide pit . but there be no time to think . Knights and man on foot be rush he . he spur forward into a gallop , the horse stride mightily and its hind leg sink into a pit , the animal lose its gait . but the momentum carry the horse forward , and it recover from the stumble . perceval gallop away . morgana be enraged . she shake mordre by the hair . morgana you do not kill he ! you do not kill he ! but suddenly she begin kissing he tenderly . morgana my dear , sweet boy ... he just stand there emotionless , the dead center of she turbulent passion . ext . dead forest - day perceval gallop down a trail . the black - armored knight of morgana chase he . perceval rein into deep cover alongside the trail . the pursuer thunder past and the sound of hoof recede . perceval check he newly find sword , slashes the air to feel the weapon 's balance . he re-sheathes it . he pat the horse . perceval we will become good friend . he start off again , into the patchless forest of dead tree . he be suddenly set upon by a wildman who , swinging a small uproote tree , knock he off he horse . perceval crash to the ground and before he can use he sword the wildman have knock it out of he hand . it be lancelot , dement , who furiously rain batter blow on perceval 's armor , bellow with rage . all that perceval can do be attempt to avoid the blow . lancelot address perceval as if the young knight be lancelot himself . lancelot where be you go , lancelot , in you iron tomb ? still try to save the world ? ( he hammer blow into perceval 's armor ) the best ... the bravest ... the great ... fool that ever live . now the world rot . death be king of the earth . and it be you who make it so , lancelot . before perceval can speak , lancelot disappear again into the forest , he eye blank , as though he encounter with the young knight have never happen . a knot of pain , perceval pull himself up . he try to rise into the saddle . he be too hurt to do it . he start off on foot , slowly , lead the horse . ext . dead forest and stream - night it be very dark and perceval have to feel he way . he come to the edge of a stream . he kneel to drink , and the horse drink beside he . then he rest back on he heel , brood , too tired to rise . he lower he eye , stare into the dark water , defeat , empty . before he in the water a long thin bar of light appear . he look at it amaze . voice be hear sing very far away . he reach out to touch the long strip of light but he hand just disturb the water . it be a reflection . the strip grow wider and the ethereal music be closer . perceval look up . the strip of light be before he , suspend , thirty foot above . it continue to grow wider . a drawbridge be be slowly lower , allow a powerful light to escape from within . perceval be terrify . in pain , he slowly rise into the saddle , ready to gallop off ; but fascinate , hypnotize by the sight , he cannot , and he stay and watch . the dim outline of a castle become visible as the drawbridge be lower across the water to the ground at he foot . at the center of the blast of light come from the castle , perceval can make out a burn chalice . the music swell to a terrifying pitch , searing the forest . ext . entrance to castle - night at the sight of the chalice , perceval master he fear . bath in light and music , he spur the horse forward onto the drawbridge . once he be on it , the bridge begin to rise . unsure of its foot and blind by the light , the horse become skittish , and perceval have to struggle to control it . he dismount to lead it , but the horse be terrify , rear up and jump off the bridge , which continue to rise , draw up by unseen hand . perceval hesitates , then advance down the sloping drawbridge into the castle courtyard . all detail be bleach out by the blind light . the chalice appear suspend in space , and now the figure of a man can be glimpse stand behind it . enchant music from unseen singer grow and weave . perceval look back to see the drawbridge slowly close , trapping he inside . he approach the figure , he courage ebbing . hand cupping the chalice , it speak to he . figure what be the secret of the chalice ? who do it serve ? perceval do not understand . he glance back again . the drawbridge be nearly close . terror seize he . panicked , puzzle , baffle , he back away . he scramble up the drawbridge desperate to reach the top before it close . he claw he way up till he hand grasp the top . he heave himself through the narrow close slit which be about to crush he . he scream , and with a final effort he wriggle free and topple over crash into the water below . ext . dead forest and stream - night he look up . the drawbridge thunder shut , the last thin strip of light disappear ; and now he be surround only by the silence of the forest . where there be a castle , now there be darkness . perceval wade through the water . he have cross the stream and all he can see and feel be tree trunk . the castle have disappear . he be utterly defeat . perceval the chalice . the secret be in my grasp . I let it slip , afraid for myself . a question be ask . I do not understand . I do not try . I fail ... fade out : a legend appear : " nine year pass . " fade in : int . cave beneath camelot . dripping water be steadily encrust the crystal with limestone . int . hall of the round table , camelot - day Dead knight lay on bier . the once glorious seat of power be fall into decay . few be in attendance around the table . agitate , Kay enter and go to Arthur , who be wear and haggard , and age . kay you son mordre be at the gate . Arthur come alive . arthur at last ... kay do not recognize he . you be trap by morgana 's sorcery . arthur ( stare off ) ... gawain and perceval , bor and bohort , caradoc and ector , and all the other -- lose to I . only the echo of they voice remain in this empty hall . all I have leave be the memory of they fellowship . echoes and memory . I be a ghost of the King that once be ... ( he turn to Kay and with sudden harshness ) ... mordre be real , alive , my own flesh and blood . I will see he , I must . ext . gate , inside and outside camelot - day the drawbridge lower slowly , and Arthur move away from Kay and the other knight , and advance across it . rook wheel over the dead tree of the forest that surround camelot . a group of armed man wait at the edge of the forest . one step forward , a huge knight in black armor , the metal define and exaggerate the powerful musculature of he body . he be mordre , a young man of eighteen , and of extraordinary beauty . a page follow ten step behind he bear a enormous spear , its point hood . Arthur stop at the edge of the drawbridge , the huge knight a few step from he . Kay , ready for anything , move halfway across the drawbridge . mordre kneel on one knee . mordred Father ... arthur rise , mordre . mordred I have come to claim what be mine , Father . arthur I recognize you only as my son , no more . mordred ( he tone be scathing ) and you be the great King ? the lord have rebell . invader attack the coast . crop do not grow . there be nothing but plague and hunger in the land . only I be fear . I will be king . you may have lose excalibur , but I have find my own weapon of power . there . he point to the huge lance . the page pull a string and the hood drop , revealing a diabolically sharp spear tip , its metal glint menacingly . mordred the very spear that pierce the side of Christ as he die on the cross . arthur you mother tell you that ? mordre be throw off by the doubt Arthur have cast . Arthur look upon he son , desperately try to read he . arthur I can not offer you the land , only my love ... mordred and I offer only this , Father . to commit with passion and pleasure all the evil that you fail to commit , as man and king . Arthur go forward to embrace he son , a desperate attempt . mordre recoil . mordred we will embrace only in battle . Father , and I will touch you only with the blade of my spear . Arthur be on the verge of tear . mordred I will muster a great force of knight , and I will return to fight for what be mine . arthur so be it . he turn and re-enter the castle , the drawbridge pull up immediately behind he . he be hunch over , break . ext . barren land - evening asleep in the saddle , perceval ride across burnt and smolder field . the horse walk aimlessly ; it be the same animal , mangy and old . a hoard of child in filthy rag close in on he , begging , pull at the horse 's trapping . he bolt awake and rein away . his eye be red and feverish . Wild hope grip he when he see a glint light by a farmhouse . he spur the horse forward into a gallop . ext . farm - evening he leap from the saddle and a terrify woman back away . perceval plunge he hand into the source of light . it be nothing but the reflection of the die sun in a bucketful of water . perceval cover he face . perceval illusion . I will never find it again ... I be sorry , woman , that I frighten you . peasant have emerge , surround he , and they hold axe and pitchfork . perceval good woman , do you have any food ? some water ?... peasant the little we have , we give to mordre 's knight . he have take this land . tell the King that now we must look to mordre . second peasant but we will give you some water ... at least ten peasant encircle perceval and he be too exhaust to put up a fight . they grab he and carry he away . other peasant pull he horse to the ground , and one raise and ax to kill it . ext . stream , barren land - evening they throw perceval down a escarpment and he roll into the fast-move water . he be sweep downstream and throw ferociously against the rock in the stream bed , cry out in pain . ext . river and underwater - evening the water be deeper and perceval be drag under by the weight of he armor . he struggle desperately to shed it , half drown . exhausted , he pull himself up onto the muddy shore beside a rotting sheep carcass , and around he , the daylight die . ext . river - night ragged and bruise , lifeless , he stare into space . perceval I have lose my horse , my armor , my sword . I have lose my way . I have lose my strength . I have lose everything ... I will not lose hope . a light burst through the tree shine on the mud , wordless , harmony sound somewhere in the forest . perceval set off toward the source . the burn light blast into he face but he do not flinch . the chorus build in power . before he , a drawbridge lower . ext . castle gate - night he step onto the bridge and walk in . he cross the courtyard as the drawbridge close behind he . all detail of the castle be bleach out by the searing light . ext . castle gate - night he step onto the bridge and walk in . he cross the courtyard as the drawbridge close behind he . all detail of the castle be bleach out by the searing light . int . castle , various head for the source of the light he ascend what seem to be a staircase . he enter a hall where the chalice stand suspend , burn with light , and the mysterious music swirl and grow . perceval approach the diaphanous and featureless figure who stand over the chalice . figure who do it serve ? perceval you , my lord . figure I have wait long for you . once you almost see , but fear blind you . why be I serve from the chalice ? perceval because you and the land be one . figure I be waste away and I cannot die . and I can not live . perceval you and the land be one . drink from the chalice . you will be reborn and the land with you . perceval cup he hand around the chalice to lift it . but they close on nothing , and he draw back . the figure 's hand , although insubstantial , grasp perceval 's and appear to hold he hand around the cup . figure but who be I ? perceval begin to kneel . perceval you be my lord and King . you be Arthur . the blind light vanish , the music drift away . int . hall of the round table - night perceval fall to he knee before Arthur and he hold the chalice , now whole again , up to the King . it fill with blood from within and Arthur take it from perceval . he drink . and have do so , he seem to become young and to grow in strength . arthur I do not know how empty be my soul until it be fill . Sir Kay stand by the vast fireplace where a small fire burn , and only now look up and be aware of perceval . kay perceval , you have return ! arthur ready my knight for battle ; they will ride with they King once more . I have live through other far too long ! lancelot carry my honor and guenevere my guilt . my knight have fight my cause . mordre carry my sin . now , at last , I will rule . ext . wood and field - night Arthur at the head of a small force of knight , they armor shine beneath the moon , gallop through the land . where hoof thunder , the ground become alive with sprout and tendril , and bare tree start to bud , and grasses to blossom , the power of nature explode into life . int . convent - dawn a old nun approach the door , upon which someone be pound loudly . she open the peephole . it be Arthur . nun go away . no man be allow beyond this door . arthur I be Arthur . the old nun be amaze and start push open the many bolt , mumble and agitate . int . convent courtyard - dawn she lead the King , he footstep ringing in the silent cloister , past the door to the cell . his armor be wet with dew and it shine with a dull and deep luster . nun whisper at he transit . she open the door to a cell and Arthur step inside . int . cell - dawn candle flicker on a small altar before which a nun be praying . she turn to see who have enter . it be guenevere , older , thin with self - denial , all the more beautiful . she look up at the majestic figure who stand before she . she nearly swoon . he help she to she foot , and word rush from deep within he . arthur guenevere , accept my forgiveness , and put you heart to rest . we have suffer to long . I have always love you , and I still love you . she weep . guenevere I love you much , as King , and sometimes as husband , but one can not gaze too long at the sun in the sky . arthur forgive I , my wife , if you can . I be not bear to live a man 's life , but to be the stuff of future memory . the fellowship be a brief beginning , a fair time that can not be forget ; and because it will not be forget , that fair time may come again . now once more I must ride with my knight to defend what be , and the dream of what could be . guenevere I have keep it . she draw back the cover of she pallet , and there be excalibur . Arthur be overwhelm by emotion ; he can barely speak arthur I never dare to hope all this year that it be in you keep . he kneel before she and kiss she thigh . she gaze off , remember the life of long ago . he rise and look off into she eye , unable to find the word ; he finally do . arthur I have often think that in the hereafter of we life , when I owe no more to the future and can be just a man , that we may meet , and you will come to I and claim I as yours , and know that I be you husband . it be a dream I have ... he take excalibur by the hilt and exit . int . convent courtyard - dawn the nun scatter before he in awe and terror . he stride forward , excalibur in hand . he stop and test its balance , and he draw force from it . arthur guenevere ... ext . wood - day excalibur gleam in the sunlight . Arthur hold it high , at the head of a small force of knight under the banner of the dragon . Kay and perceval ride at he side . plume helmet , shield blaze with armorial color , pennant fly in the clean wind from they lance ; it be a brave sight . the tree be in blossom and dandelion fluff billow up at they passage . ext . pit , moor - day Arthur 's group come to a halt . two knight and a few squire gallop from the opposite direction rein in before the King . the knight draw they sword in homage , and the older one address Arthur . knight it be only I and my son . all other knight of the dukedom have rally to mordre . Arthur smile hide the hurt . he point to a open pit , a huge devastation . arthur what horror be that ? knight mordre , sir . he dig for precious metal , with which he busy the loyalty of man at arm , bind they to he side . ext . the moor - arthur be war camp - late evening it be a clear night and the sky blaze with star . a crescent moon cast its silvery light upon Arthur , who wander from he camp alone . ext . stonehenge , the moor - late evening he stop in the ancient circle of druidic stone . arthur I be outnumber ten to one by mordre 's force . merlin , I need you at my side as you be once , my friend , to give I courage . there be no war trick that will fool mordre . he be wean on blood . he fall on he knee in front of the stone , tired , between think and dream , and he bang he mail fist against it . arthur more than I ever do , I need you now . where be you , merlin ? be it true that morgana have trap you ? int . cave below camelot the vein of crystal glow darkly , and the hammer of Arthur 's fist upon the stone be dimly echoed here . in the red crystal , fragment of merlin can be glimpse , trap , freeze . ext . stonehenge - late evening Arthur slip off into sleep . the stone around he distort . he speak softly , but then though the word continue , he lip be close . arthur ... if only you could be at my side , merlin , to see I wield excalibur once more ... int . cave below camelot the crystal be crack , shard fall to the cave floor . ext . stonehenge - night Arthur be still on he knee , and he sit back , look up . but the atmosphere be different , within a dream , and the stone of the henge loom larger over he now . arthur what be this place ? it be rumor merlin , that you draw you power from this circle ... a hand ruffle the King 's hair . he turn , and be face to face with merlin , stand over he . Arthur look at he without surprise , as though the intervene year never be . merlin begin to laugh he hideous giggle . Arthur rise . arthur quiet . you will wake the man , and they must fight tomorrow for they very life . merlin I know . I have hear noise and echoe through the stone ... arthur what be this place , merlin ? merlin it be like a tree . the root of the stone spread out across the land and they draw on the thought and action of man . like sap that human matter course through the stone feed the star that be the leave of the tree . and the star whisper back to man the future course of event . ( become passionate ) but the earth be be tear apart , its metal steal , and the balance be break and the line of power no longer converge . in fact , I nearly do not make it in one piece . he limp affectedly and stretch with exaggerated pain . merlin but , I be here . arthur where have you be this many year ? be it true that morgana -- merlin -- story ... you bring I back . you love bring I back . back to where you be now , in the land of dream ... arthur be this a dream ? tell I , merlin ! merlin smile , turn and leave , head for Arthur 's camp , giggle . Arthur start off after he and awaken from the dream when he walk into one of the stone . it take he a moment to realize that merlin have vanish . arthur merlin ?! he hurry away toward the camp . int . kay' tent , arthur be war camp - night Arthur shake Kay awake , and as the faithful knight come out of a deep sleep , he clutches Arthur 's arm . kay merlin , will I live ...? ( he shake away the dream ) ... I be dream ... arthur of merlin ? kay yes . he speak to I . he say I would fight bravely tomorrow . I have never dream of merlin before . arthur I dream of he too ... merlin life ! he life in we dream now , in that dark and shadowy place that be as strong and real as this more solid one . he speak to we from there . ext . mordred be war camp - night cape flow , merlin sweep between mordre 's war tent , and in the logic of dream , unseen by the guard . he pass a tent where the huge shadow of mordre be throw on the canvas , as he sharpen the blade of a fearsome spear . he enter a tent . int . morgana's tent - night she be stunningly beautiful in she sleep . merlin lean over she lovely body , kiss she softly on the lip , and wait for she to awaken . merlin I have return , enchantress . you be beautiful , magnificent . have you use up all the magic you steal from I to keep yourself young ? have you any magic leave to do battle with merlin ? int . tent - morgana's dream she rise from she sleep body . morgana you provoke I , merlin . merlin what 's behind that beauty ? a wizen , cold -heart snake . merlin step back , grandiose and melodramatic . merlin you be a snake about to strike ! he raise he staff . merlin and I be the staff that drive the snake back . he lower the staff with dreamlike slowness and she slink right up to he . morgana Burning with the fire of desire , I be the flame that consume the staff to ash . she wind she flutter hand around the staff , and the shadow they cast upon the tent give the illusion of lick flame . merlin I be the cloudburst that quench the flame . morgana I be the desert , where water disappear -- merlin -- I be the sea , which cover the desert forever under its weight . morgana -- I be the fog and mist that rise up from the sea , escape ... she laugh at she cleverness . merlin fog and mist ! you could not be that . you do not have enough magic . int . morgana's tent - night morgana toss and mutter in she torment dream . morgana ... I have the desire and I have the magic ... int . tent - morgana's dream merlin , huge , magnetic , enfold morgana in he cape . merlin you be mine at last . I be the sea and you will never escape I . fog and mist ...!? and he laugh at she , suffocating she . morgana begin chant the charm of make , desperate -- int . morgana's tent - night -- and she finish uttering it in she sleep . her eye spring open , and vapor issue from she gape mouth . she scream and the fog gush out fill the tent . ext . morgana's tent , mordred be war camp - night fog billow out of the tent , spread through the camp . int . morgana's tent - night lieutenant a fog be rise , sir . mordred that cannot be . he rise and go out with the lieutenant . ext . mordred be war camp - night it be fogbound , the campfire yellow smudge within it . mordred ( to the lieutenant ) my mother have a sense for such thing . she say there would be no fog . mordre enter he mother 's tent . int . morgana's tent - night mordre enter . mordred ... mother ? morgana , withere , old , lie dead in the bed , wisp of smoke rise from within she rupture body . ext . moor by the sea - fog - dawn Arthur , with Kay and perceval , canter through the white fog . they be flanke by a phalanx of knight in silver armor . arthur Kay , you will lead the attack . perceval , you will stay with I . Kay draw he sword in salute , elate . arthur be cautious , my brother . he spur forward , while Arthur rein to a halt , watch he disappear . perceval and a few knight stay behind and surround the King . arthur in this battle there be one thing I must do , that no one else can . find mordre and kill he . ahead , the horrible din of join battle . in the swirl fog , clash of arm follow clash of arm . there be confusion , for each knight be unable to see if he be fight friend or foe until they be upon each other . the battle become a series of vicious duel , a knight in silver armor against a knight in black - burnish armor , just glimpse in the fog that be alive with the clang of sword on shield , the pound of hoof , the cry of the die . squire drag away they wounded knight , they young face pale at the sight of the carnage . Kay be unhorse but pick himself up and mount a riderless horse , rejoining the combat although he be bleed . ext . moor by the sea - fog - day it be full day , and the fog blind with its painful glare . Arthur with perceval at he side ride through the fog , search . perceval take up a challenge against the King . he unhorse this opponent , pierce he with he lance . he return to the King 's side . perceval there be too many on mordre 's side . we can not hold out much longer . Kay be glimpse fight on foot , hurt , barely hold he own , but then the sight be hide in the fog . Kay overcome he opponent and stop to catch he breath . he be amaze by what he see . a knight , in old , battle - scar armor whose piece do not match , cut down the knight in black in foray after foray , wheeling and turn in a brilliant and ruthless spectacle of martial art . he fight without a shield , a lance in he leave hand and sword in he right . Kay move away in search of Arthur . Arthur and perceval watch the lone knight meting out death with such terrible beauty , weaving in and out of the fog . kay he can be no other . arthur lancelot ?... it be lancelot ! he spur he horse forward to join he , but perceval be quick to stop he . perceval no , my lord . we seek mordre . kay I will join he . Kay rise onto a fresh horse and gallop away . ext . moor by the sea - fog - late day Arthur and perceval ride alone , the accompany knight go , the die and the dead and the craze horse all around they . squire be carry Kay upon he shield . he be dead . Arthur leap to the ground and reach out to touch he face , and close he eye . he stifles he tear . arthur have anyone see lancelot ? squire he lie over there , sir . Arthur rush off , perceval follow on horseback . lancelot be mortally wounded , blood flow from he abdomen , he eye open but he gaze dead . Arthur fall to he side . arthur squire ! here ! but there be no one now except the dead and wounded , and perceval , who dismount to watch over the King , sword draw . desperate , Arthur stop the wound with he hand . lancelot 's eye be sightless , but tear spill from they . lancelot Arthur . arthur lancelot , I will save you ... do not die . he tear off a piece of he tunic and staunches the wound with it . lancelot my salvation be to die a knight of the round table . arthur you be that and much more . you be its great knight , you be what be best in man . now we will be together -- lancelot -- it be the old wound , that have be open . I have always know it would be the gateway to my death , for it have never heal . let my heart do its job , my King , and pump I empty ... Arthur take lancelot in he arm and rest he lip against the knight 's brow . lancelot ( a death whisper ) guenevere , have she come to you , be she Queen again ? he lie , close he eye , unable to look at lancelot . arthur she be , lancelot . a boyish smile settles over the feature of lancelot 's face , and he die . Arthur hold he to he breast , he eye shut tight . a strong wind rise . perceval kneel beside Arthur . perceval the fog be lift . only we remain alive . ext . moor by the sea - evening Arthur and perceval rise , and as far as they can see across the green hill that roll down to the sea lie the aftermath of the massacre . hacked body , abandon armor , steaming horse carcass , everything still . the murmur of the die be carry on the wind to the soft roar of the sea . the squire have fle the scene of horror . arthur but for mordre . where be mordre ? elsewhere on the battlefield , mordre search the dead , accompany only by he lieutenant , who turn over the body of Arthur 's knight . mordred where be Arthur ? one of Arthur 's knight reach out blindly for help . mordre crush he skull underfoot . the shaft of he huge lance be cake with blood , as be he hand . Arthur and perceval see mordre and he lieutenant , and the King restrain perceval from go forward . arthur no , perceval . now it be time for I to raise my sword . ( he bellow out ) mordre , prepare to meet you death . Shield on he leave arm , and excalibur in he right , he start toward mordre . mordred I wait for you , Father . mordre advance forward , the huge spear in both hand and parallel to the ground . Arthur go straight for he , shield ready to receive the blow . mordre keep walk , he arm now tense back and ready to strike . once they be within weapon 's reach of each other , mordre dash forward and thrust the spear . it glance off Arthur 's shield , slide under he hauberk and penetrate the King 's body , and so powerful be the blow that the blade pierce he right through . mortally wounded , Arthur 's scream of pain become a horrible war cry , and he drive himself forward with all the strength he have along the spear shaft almost to mordre 's hand . mordre be knock back and to the ground and Arthur press down on he , the butt of the spear pin mordre . Arthur lift excalibur . mordre attempt to free himself , as the blade of excalibur descend upon he and cut through metal , flesh and bone . mordre 's head fall to the ground , roll away . mordre 's lieutenant flee . perceval race to Arthur 's side , and support the King who have fall on he knee . Arthur speak through the pain : arthur draw the spear from I . do it . perceval hold the King tight to himself with one arm , while with the other he draw the shaft through and out of Arthur 's body . Arthur sag but do not fall . perceval begin to remove he armor to get at the gape wound . the King speak slowly , softly , from outside he own pain - wrack body . arthur there be one thing leave to do ... excalibur ... and you must do it , perceval . leave my wound , I command you . perceval I cannot -- arthur -- take excalibur . find a pool of calm water and throw the sword into it . perceval , stunne by the command , do not move . arthur obey I , perceval . you must act for I . it be my last order as you King . do it , and be back ! perceval pick up the sword , mount he horse and ride inland . Arthur watch he go , struggle with the pain , still kneel , and then he head fall to he chest . ext . pool , moor - evening perceval step through tall reed to the edge of a pool . he cannot bring himself to throw excalibur into the water . he examine the blade , and it be haloed with a faint iridescence . perceval it be too precious a thing . I can not ... he back away from the water and hide the sword in the reed , and start back . ext . moor by the sea - evening perceval dismount , rush to kneel at the King 's side . Arthur look up , calm and intense . arthur when you throw it in , what do you see ? perceval ... I see nothing . the King look at he with pierce power . perceval blurt it out . perceval my King , I could not do it . excalibur can not be lose . other man -- arthur -- by itself it be only a piece of steel . its power come from he who wield it . for now there be no one . do as I have order ! perceval leave once more . the daylight be fail , the sun be near the horizon over the sea , burst through cloud . ext . pool - evening he pick up the sword and look at it for a long time . finally , with great misgive , he hurl it into the middle of the pool . as excalibur be about to touch the water a woman 's hand reach and grasp it by the hilt . it hold the sword aloft for a moment and then draw it under . perceval back away from the pool stunne by the marvel . ext . moor by the sea - sunset perceval return to the King , terribly excited , shouting from he horse : perceval Arthur ! but Arthur be not there . perceval look around he , he do not understand . he see a trail of blood . he spur he horse and follow the trail down to the sea . ext . beach - sunset then night there be a trail of blood and print upon the sand leave by a man crawl . perceval follow they toward the sea . he look around , search , terribly distraught . where the blood and print cease , there be many footprint come from and return into the sea . perceval look out across the wave . he see a sailing vessel rise on the swell . on its deck he can make out the distant figure of Arthur , lie surround by woman , they gossamer robe rippling in the wind . the sun hover on the horizon and the ship be head for it . he gallop into the wave until he horse will go no further , call out with all he strength , a futile attempt : perceval Arthur ! will you return ? the sun slip below the horizon . night be fall , and the wind whip the wavecrest . he turn from the sea and wade back . perceval all the knight of the round table be dead . excalibur be return . Arthur be go . maybe he life , maybe he will return ... he stop at the edge of the water . in the uncertain light sky and sea become one . he draw the chalice out of a pouch on he saddle , and he hold it up before he . perceval only I remain , and this ... the wind swirl and whistle mysteriously in the hollow of the cup . Music grand and melancholic grow from it . the chalice , etched in starlight , be the last thing that be take from sight in the enfold darkness . fade out : the end