window.addeventlistener( 'domcontentloaded' , function ( ) {var v=archive_analytics.values;v.service='wb';v.server_name='wwwb-app12.us.archive.org';v.server_ms=1980;archive_analytics.send_pageview ( {} ) ; } ) ; __wm.init ( " https://web.archive.org/web " ) ; __wm.wombat ( " http://seemaxrun.com:80/eb_folder/ebscriptx.htm " , " 20101011092143 " , " https://web.archive.org/ " , " web " , " / _static / " , " 1286788903 " ) ; excess baggage ext . portland , oregon ( establishing ) - day Portland , home of river , bridge , and more park than you can shake a stick at . the Columbia River , span by the highway 5 and 205 bridge , glisten a muddy brown in the sunlight ; the willamette glitter off to the South . int . parking garage / upper level - day emily rose T. hope cut she tooth on a million dollar teethe ring , and it be bitter -- too bitter . it leave she a old woman 's attitude in a young woman 's body . she idly tap a cellular phone 's keypad with one perfectly manicure nail as she stare through the parking level 's open strut at a distant bridge -- and a approach river barge . the barge draw closer to the bridge . closer . closer still . she take a drag off a cigarette , stub it out , and dial a number on the phone 's keypad . ext . bridge - day amadeus T. hope , a older man who most assuredly break he tooth on a roll royce , stand in a phone booth just off the bridge , wait for the phone to ring and caress a briefcase like it contain a million dollar -- which it do . nearby , idle jogger in the park be more than obviously undercover cop . the phone ring and amadeus lift it . amadeus I be here . emily ( v.o. / filter ) amadeus T. hope ? amadeus yes . emily ( v.o. / filter ) do you bring the money . amadeus yes . emily ( v.o. / filter ) listen carefully . amadeus I wish to speak to my daughter . emily ( v.o. / filter ) I be not interested in what you wish , Mr. hope . just follow direction and stick to the plan . be I clear ? amadeus very . int . parking garage / upper level - day Emily watch the barge move towards the bridge and readjust she speak apparatus -- it 's a voice filter and it 's a real bitch talk through this rig . emily do you see the barge approach the bridge ? int . phone booth - day amadeus squint through glass booth wall , note the approach barge , nod . amadeus I see it . emily ( v.o. / filter ) walk to the bridge , throw the briefcase onto the barge , and come back to the phone booth for further direction . amadeus how do I know you will release she ? emily ( v.o. / filter ) you do not . int . detective van - day detective dan sim be the kind of guy who do he job well , but everything always go to hell anyway . this give he a grim take on life , but he keep try . he watch a fellow cop fiddle with telephone trace equipment . sim ' less than garrulous partner , barnaby , listen in on a extra set of headphone . cop shit . cellular phone . sim what do you expect ? a silver platter ? cop would 'a be nice . sim stare out the van 's polarize window at amadeus , who 's walk steadily out along the bridge . sim it 's probably hers -- where 's he go ? barnaby to throw the money over the side . sim what ? barnaby that 's what they just tell he to do . sim , glaring , grab for a walkie talkie . sim be you go to tell I before or after he toss it ? barnaby shrug . sim ( cont 'd ) ( into walkie talkie ) he 's throw the money onto the barge . I want full surveillance -- do not lose that barge -- int . parking garage / upper level - day Emily 's get the phone balanced precariously on one shoulder as she flip open the trunk of a gray mercede benz and extract some heavy duty tape . she stand again to stare out at the distant bridge . amadeus , stick figure tiny with distance , heave he briefcase over the side and start back to he phone booth at a steady pace . emily Nice throw , dad . jogger ( i.e. under cover cop ) , look like ant from here , scramble to keep pace with the barge . Emily laugh softly as she tape she ankle together . the phone crackle to life . amadeus ( v.o . ) you have get the money . where 's my daughter ? ankle tape , Emily hop to the edge of the trunk to rummage for more bondage paraphernalia and hold the voice filter carefully in place while she speak : emily you will find she in the trunk of she car , which be in fifth level parking at -- she pull a wrinkle slip of paper from she jeans pocket and squint at it -- emily ( cont 'd ) 352 East tenth Street . she hang up and , work fast now , because time be run out , gag herself -- a real gag : stuff , knot , the work . lift hand cuff -- the final touch -- she crawl into the car 's trunk and , still clutching the handcuffs -- presumably for later use -- slam the lid close from the inside . the echo of the slamm trunk reverberate through the dim garage , and die . ext . bridge - day judge from the number of plain car scream out of parking space , it 's a good bet they get that address . int . detective van - day sim come out of the van at a dead run , talk into a walkie talkie , as undercover car peel out , siren wail on as they go . sim odd be someone 's still inside monitoring -- he glance at the distant parking structure . sim ( cont 'd ) they can still see we from there , turn off the god damn siren ! int . parking garage / upper level - day the mercede sit innocently in its parking slot . silence -- except for the slap slap slap of approach footstep , and a light , airy tune be whistle by the person approach . will pogue amble nonchalantly between car , well dress yuppie at large , just pick up he car and head home -- or that 's what you would think , until he saunter to the mercede , casually glance both way , and a slim jim flash in the gloom . he 's inside the car , yanking the ignition and start the motor , between whistle . ext . river barge - day b.g. , a helicopter drone . the barge mate step out of the wheelhouse , notice the briefcase on the aft deck , frown , walk to it , pick it up , shake it , open it -- and ogle a million buck , cash . mate Holy shit ! he spin back to the wheelhouse -- a plea for help . mate ( cont 'd ) Larry ! Larry ! you gotta come see this ! the pilot ( let 's take a wild guess and assume this be Larry ) stick he head out the wheelhouse cabin 's door -- just as a helicopter zoom down and a sharp shooter aim a high power rifle straight at the mate . a helicopter cop lean out with a megaphone . helicopter cop ( megaphoned ) this be the Portland Police Department . you with the briefcase , set it down and put you hand on you head . mate what the -- ? helicopter cop ( megaphoned ) you in the cockpit , pull over immediately . the mate drop the briefcase and money start flutter all the hell over . int . police helicopter - day the sharp shooter smirk at the helicopter cop in a superior way -- sharp shooter it 's not a car , John , it 's a boat . you do not pull over -- -- when he see the money take wind -- sharp shooter ( cont 'd ) -- oh shit , the money ! the helicopter cop pale -- still yell through the megaphone -- helicopter cop ( megaphoned ) -- oh fuck , the money . you ! pick the briefcase back up ! below , the mate want nothing more to do with that briefcase and have get down on he knee to say a few hail mary . helicopter cop ( cont 'd ) ( megaphoned ) you with you hand over you head , pick that briefcase up immediately ! ext . river barge - day the pilot abandon the wheelhouse to try to stop the money 's pell mell trail into the sky -- he stop dead when the sharp shooter bring the rifle to bear on he -- go after the money be threaten behavior -- the helicopter cop be still yell through he megaphone -- helicopter cop ( megaphoned ) pick up that briefcase ! you moron ! pick it up ! the mate be stare up at the helicopter , eye big , shaking he head back and forth -- no way be he touch that brief case -- the barge , minus its pilot , hit bottom , the jolt spin the briefcase out along the deck -- int . undercover car - day Dan sim wrestle he seat belt , struggle to snap it into a mechanism that just do not want to work , riding shot gun as the undercover car careen around the corner and down the street toward the parking structure -- ext . parking garage - day the gray mercede slip out the structure 's exit -- as miscellaneous undercover car careen past it on they way in -- and turn down the street towards sim ' car . int . undercover car - day Dan , cursing he seat belt , glance up in time to see the mercede pass , do a double take and turn to read the license plate -- sim Holy shit , that 's she car ! barnaby , at the wheel , speed along in the opposite direction . barnaby what ? sim , still clutching he seat belt , grab for the siren as they hit a bump , drop the siren , grab it again . barnaby ( cont 'd ) I think you say no siren . sim turn around ! that 's she god damned car ! int . mercede - day will , whistling casually , hear tire squeal behind he and check the rear view mirror -- in time to see sim slap the siren atop the undercover car . will Holy shit ! will step on it , slide between two more unmark car that screech around corner to cut he off -- he crank the wheel and avoid a third -- will drive better than well -- but he 's sweat , cursing under he breath , fight to outdistance cop car converge behind he , to dodge income car that keep add up -- will ( cont 'd ) Jesus Christ , all this for a lousy grand theft auto ? ext . river bank - day life be not look good here . money scattered all over the ground , all over the water , the barge pilot and mate shaking in they shoe , the barge ground in mud at a awkward angle -- and glum undercover cop milling to and for . the helicopter cop talk into a radio mike . helicopter cop Dan , we lose the money . int . undercover car - day Dan sim , rock around each curve , hang onto he swinging seat belt for dear life and yell into he radio . sim what do you mean , you lose the money ? it 's on a barge ! how hard could it be to keep track of a barge ? helicopter cop ( v.o . ) we do not lose the barge . we lose the money . sim for Christ 's sake , where would it go ? int . river bank - day the helicopter cop stare glumly up at all that flutter bill in the sky . . . down at all that float bill on the water . . . . helicopter cop half be air borne , and the other half sink . int . undercover car - day Dan 's about three shade of purple , still cling to he dysfunctional seat belt , yell into the radio -- sim well fish it out ! -- when the car slow . Dan round on barnaby , the driver . sim ( cont 'd ) what be you slow down for ! barnaby we lose he . sim look up from the radio at the abandon street . sim God damn it , where be the helicopter . barnaby they lose he too . sim slump . sim I do not believe this . barnaby shrug . barnaby he can not have go far . they will pick he up . int . will warehouse - day the warehouse be large , immaculate , and dark -- ground level window be paint black and bar . shelves hold engine part . a old beat up porsche speedster sit in a corner . loft step lead to live quarter above . a electric garage door slide open , trigger a ceiling light , and Emily 's mercede glide in . the garage door shut behind it and will climb from the car to run a shaky hand through he hair . b.g. , a helicopter drone . he let out a explosion of breath , frown at the ceiling , willing the copter away . will Jesus . he pat the car . will ( cont 'd ) who would you belong to , sweetheart ? the president or what ? he check the car , inside and out , admire the interior , check underneath the chassis . will ( cont 'd ) last job , and I nab the president 's car . it figure . he pop the trunk -- there 's Emily , bound and gag , look the worse for the ride , glaring up at he -- it might have be a mistake , she cuffing she arm behind she back . will Jesus Christ ! he slam the trunk . muffled pounding inside . he open the trunk cautiously , to stare incredulously at Emily . will ( cont 'd ) who the hell be you ? emily ( muffled ) mmmmphmmmphmmmphmmmph ! will I do not need this . he lower the trunk lid and scrub he face with a weary hand . emily ( muffled ) ( o.s. ) mmmmmmmmph - ph-ph ! he raise the trunk lid . will can you breathe ? emily ( muffled ) mmmmmmmmmmmphmmmmm ! he nod . will have you have water within the last twenty - four hour ? emily mphmphmph ! will you look healthy to I . he slam the lid , jump into the driver 's seat , and hit the control for the garage door . will sweating , revving the engine , wait for clearance under the door -- will it 's okay . she do not know you name . she do not know the address . nobody see you come in . we be just go to leave the car somewhere for the cop to find . no . she could die by then . okay , we will call the cop -- a anonymous tip . no problem . find a corner . dump the car . stay calm . everything be all right -- as the garage door open , the helicopter drone fill the warehouse . will sit , listen to that drine in the sky , tapping the steering wheel -- he turn off the engine and listen a second longer , before close the garage door against that sound . will shit . int . amadeus 's study - evening a ad for the house would boast five fireplace , parking for nine car , two hundred foot of river frontage , a dock . . . we be talk exceptionally expensive -- and frighteningly neat . thomas perkin step into the study : Thomas have scar to prove he 's be bad place and live to not talk about they , which conflict with he million dollar suit only insofar as he wear it well . amadeus , intently manicure what look like a perfectly manicure bonsai , nod . amadeus someone 's kidnap Emily . Perkins snort . amadeus pinch off a microscopic section of tree , discard it in a empty waste basket . amadeus the police -- ( amadeus use the word " police " much the way a bull dyke say " penis " ) perkin you call the police . amadeus no . they call the police . perkin they . amadeus yes . perkin well she 's get you attention now , have not she ? amadeus shoot he a dour glance . amadeus I fail to see the humor in the situation , Thomas . there 's a precedent at stake here . Thomas snort again -- no way be he believe this . amadeus ( cont 'd ) the police inform I a man drive she car away from the pick - up zone . Thomas frown -- less sure of himself . perkin a accomplice ? that do not sound like Emily . a peremptory knock and Dan sim push into the study . Thomas turn , give sim a view of the back of he head and not much else . sim Mr. hope , I would love to answer phone in you foyer all day , but this man -- sim glower at Thomas 's back . sim ( cont 'd ) -- be not on my roster of household staff -- or guest . amadeus Mr. Perkins be a private associate , detective sim . he will be take over . sim Excuse I ? amadeus you service be no longer necessary , detective sim . if you will excuse we ? amadeus drop another nothing into the waste basket -- a move not lose on sim . sim we be not a clean service , Mr. hope . we be the police . amadeus stare blankly , like " what 's the difference ? " perkin I think what detective sim be try to say , amadeus , be you can not fire the police . sim exactly . amadeus ( to Perkins ) be you sure about this ? Perkins nod solemnly . amadeus ( cont 'd ) very well , detective sim may maintain surveillance . sim choke . sim i. May . amadeus ( to sim ) that will be all , detective sim . sim stand he ground , mutely refuse dismissal . amadeus ( cont 'd ) unless you would like to discuss the money . sim I will be in the foyer . sim spin for the door -- the door handle fight he . amadeus turn to the right , detective sim . sim , crimson , turn to the right . amadeus ( cont 'd ) and detective sim ? if you be go to remain a fixture in this household , speak to my assistant -- he will cut you a wardrobe check . the door slam behind sim . amadeus ( cont 'd ) nobody hold I hostage . Perkins stare into a glass case -- one of that pedestal job you find museum display in , but this hold photograph : Emily at three ; Emily at the military academy ; Emily at graduation ; Emily at a high power reception beside she father -- Thomas Perkins love that little girl . perkin we will make that clear . int . amadeus' anteroom / off the study - evening wire run from phone to phone to black box -- presumably the latest in police tech surveillance -- monitor by bleary eye cop . amadeus 's assistant attempt to work around the squad room squalor . barnaby , be a calm soul , do not jump when sim slam in . sim Mr. hope just fire we . shock silence from the cop -- sound perfectly reasonable to hope 's assistant , though . hope' assistant you will be leave , then . Dan stare at the assistant , incredulous . sim no we will not be leave ! cop can he do that ? sim no he can not do that ! barnaby ( aside to the cop ) we be the police , Corey . cop oh , right . sim let 's get this straight . we be the police . and we be in control here . assistant not on this planet . int . will warehouse - evening the porsche be go . the mercede sit in the gloom . int . mercede / trunk - evening Emily be in a minor fix -- and judge from the sweat and discontent factor , have be for some time . it 's not easy to pass arm , handcuff behind you , under you leg to in front of you -- especially when you be lie on you side in a trunk -- and Emily 's stick mid-way . she struggle again to get she hand past she foot . struggle some more . they come free . next job be to wrench the gag away -- she tie a good gag , so it 's tough go , but she get it off . she yank stuff from she mouth , take a big breath -- spit , try to wet she mouth . emily thank God . smiling grimly at success , she extract the handcuff key from she front jeans pocket and release the cuff . emily ( cont 'd ) can you breathe . what a asshole . ext . warehouse district - night will 's old porsche glide down a dimly illuminate street . int . will porsche ( warehouse district ) - night will 's check the neighborhood for sign of stress , and what he see be not good . on the corner , a cruiser . will cop. across the street , another cruiser . will ( cont 'd ) cop. overhead , a helicopter . will ( cont 'd ) cop. on the sidewalk , a german shepherd -- will ( cont 'd ) cop -- dog ? he shake he head . will ( cont 'd ) do not be paranoid . that be not a cop dog . he crane he neck to stare up through the windshield . will ( cont 'd ) but that be definitely a cop helicopter . he eye the pass cruiser . will ( cont 'd ) and that be definitely a cop car . another cruiser sit quietly on the corner , light out , but there 's a guy in uniform in the car all right . will ( cont 'd ) cop cop cop . will jerk the steering wheel hard , swerving down a dark street and away -- int . mercede / trunk - evening Emily search around the trunk lid 's key slot -- frustrated , not find what she want , then find it -- a small hole in the metal -- there 's a piece of metal block the mechanism that would usually allow someone to open the trunk from the inside . emily why do it always have to be the hard way ? she squirm around to face the back of the trunk -- dissolve to : ext . military school - day ( flashback ) impeccable grounds , impeccable building -- except for one , the corner of which have be reduce to rubble by a explosion , if the burn mark be any indication . Thomas Perkins , hand clasped behind he back , roll forward and backward on the ball of he foot , study the rubble . Emily ( young ) stand beside he , dress " academy , " suitcase by she foot , and grin , proud . perkin you be lucky no one be in there . Emily 's offended . young emily that be not luck . I call . perkin Voice i.d. Emily grimace chagrin . young emily that will not happen again . Thomas lift she suitcase and stride across impeccable lawn , towards a faraway and expensive automobile with tinted window . perkin you will not call ? awful messy , when body blow . she stump along at he side . young emily I will not use a cold phone . perkin Emily , if we could keep you in school long enough to get a education , you would have a real future in secret service . they be at the car . he open the passenger door for she . she pull out a cigarette and light up . young emily I do not need a future . I be rich . Thomas pluck the cigarette from she mouth , grind it under he heel , and extend he open palm , wait . she glare , sigh , and hand over the pack . int . perkin ' discreet automobile - day ( flashback cont 'd ) Thomas drive . Young Emily brood in injure silence . young emily he could have come . probably play with that damn tree . perkin maybe he do not appreciate pay for a new wing . injured silence . perkin ( cont 'd ) you know what this mean . young emily uh oh . perkin back to Catholic school . young emily nun ? again ? perkin it 's go to take a while for I to get you in anywhere else . young emily nun be the worst . perkin look in the glove box . Emily brighten and dig , come up with a gift wrap box . perkin ( cont 'd ) happy birthday , Emily . Emily shoot he a grateful smile , read the card , grimace . young emily thank you , uncle Thomas . perkin it 's from you father . young emily it 's a nice lie . thanks for remember . she tear wrapping . perkin you be lock in a room . what do you do ? young emily check window . perkin the window be bar . young emily check door . perkin the door be lock . young emily check the ceiling . this be a very old routine , almost sing song . perkin ceil 's clean . Emily lift a delicate necklace from the wrapping . young emily this be beautiful , uncle Thomas . she lean over , kiss he cheek . young emily ( cont 'd ) thank you . perkin ceil . young emily I do not want to play today . silence . young emily ( cont 'd ) why do not you take I out to dinner , uncle Thomas ? silence . young emily ( cont 'd ) it 's my birthday . more silence . Emily sigh . young emily ( cont 'd ) I hate room . let 's do explosive . he cock a eyebrow at she -- explosive be not a good subject right now . perkin we be do room . young emily okay , room , but you have to buy I a real drink . he snort laughter . dissolve to : int . will warehouse - evening the mercede ' back seat pop loose and Emily , scuff , crawl from the trunk , over the back seat , into the car 's interior . emily you owe I a drink , Thomas . the first thing she reach for be the mercede ' cellular phone . the cord be cut . emily ( cont 'd ) oh , you creep . she pull she purse from the trunk , rearrange the back seat , and consider a cigarette -- sniff the air , wrinkle she nose , shake she head sorrowfully , and put the cigarette away -- before climb out of the car to survey she surroundings . no phone . int . will porsche - night will steer down a dark street he know by heart -- take a alley by rote , a short cut , pass a sign : " Portland International Airport " -- ext . portland INTERNATIONAL airport - night the porsche idle , headlight illuminate will as he shove aside a fence mark " Airport personnel only " -- he pull the car into a abandon lot off the runway , settles onto the car 's hood with a weary sigh , stress fall away as he stare up at plane take off for somewhere else . and watch he face , you know he want to be go to somewhere else -- have want that for all he life -- int . will warehouse - evening whoever design this place be more than security conscious . bar and lock on what few window there be , each require a key . Emily stroke the bar in disgust , shove a finger through to scratch a thin line in the black paint cover the glass surface . emily ( cont 'd ) shit . there be a couple of door on the ground floor . first one 's a bathroom . she check it out . nothing in there but toilet paper , toilet , sink , and soap . the second door be lock . she pad upstairs to study the door to the live quarter -- also lock . not with a household doorknob . with a key lock . emily ( cont 'd ) what a control freak . she turn to study the garage door . no button for get this baby open -- ceiling and door mechanism out of reach . everything lock down , bar , key , bolt . she pad to a tool bench and rummages in its drawer -- the only thing not lock down . ext . portland INTERNATIONAL airport - night will 's still watch that plane -- but he 's calmer , more together , and it 's time to shake it off . move stiffly , he climb off the hood , walk around to climb into the porsche 's driver 's seat . int . will porsche ( portland INTERNATIONAL airport ) - night start the engine , shoot one more " wait for I , I be come back " grimace at that rumbling plane . will another day . another life . he pull out and away . int . will warehouse - night Emily , surround by tool , work to disassemble the lock on the live quarter door -- this be one killer lock . the tool slip , stab into she finger -- add to a grow assortment of insult to what use to be a perfect manicure -- she pop the injure digit into she mouth , study the nick , cut , and abrasion with contempt . a police siren flare outside . she brighten , till the siren fade into the distance . emily to protect and serve . yeah , right . she rise stiffly , shove sweaty hair off she forehead , glare angrily at the lock -- which look intact as hell -- stretch , sigh , and pad to the bathroom . ext . will warehouse - night the porsche glide to the warehouse 's garage door . int . will porsche - night will triggers the garage door with the opener that never leave he side -- preferably , as high tech a code mechanism as God put on this green earth , when it come to garage door opener . the door slide open . int. / ext . will warehouse / bathroom /main warehouse - night Emily 's on the toilet when the electric garage door hum , b.g . emily no ! it 's hard to hurry this thing up , but she 's ready to pee she jeans to get out of there -- she reach automatically to flush the toilet , jerk she hand back . emily ( cont 'd ) what , be I nut ? struggle to get she pants put to rights as she stumble to the door -- MAIN warehouse will guide the porsche into the slot beside the mercede , swing out of the porsche , approach the mercede , as the garage door start down , pause -- he do not want to open that damn trunk . he eye it , apprehensive -- will this be ridiculous . he pop the trunk . it 's empty . will ( cont 'd ) oh shit . he stare around the warehouse -- nothing -- spin to eye the close garage door in horror . will ( cont 'd ) no ! he smack the control , halting the door in mid-close , duck under it to stare up and down the street of a run down warehouse district . Emily slip from the bathroom , work she way stealthily along the wall towards the open door . will ( cont 'd ) God damn it ! a old woman stop pick through a dumpster to glare defiantly at he . he rake a hand through he hair -- Emily 's almost to the open door -- will turn , ducking back inside -- look both way -- Emily , bust , lunge for the open -- he lunge to cut she off -- it 's a fly , freewheel tackle -- they hit the concrete floor -- inside -- and hard . Pov outside the door , the old woman gawk . will and emily will 's fight to hold Emily down as he click the garage door opener -- the door start go up -- will damn it ! click again -- go down -- Fighting -- it 's not a sure thing who 's win here -- she kick the door 's bottom edge -- go up -- he 's cursing , hit button -- go down -- she 's kick -- there 's a lot of defense training in that kick -- which be unfortunate for will 's jaw -- go for the door again with that foot -- he heave , drag they both backwards across concrete , out of reach -- and the door slam close . silence . will roll onto he toe , breathe heavy , wait for the next attack . Emily stare at the close door in disgust , rub she concrete burn elbow . will if you be smart , you would have pull that stunt when I pull in . emily I be smart . I have to pee . not what he be expect -- and he almost laugh , stop when he touch he injure chin . wincing -- that elbow hurt -- she study he . emily ( cont 'd ) this place be harder to get out of than a convent . will how would you get out of the trunk ? she survey the mercede , the warehouse , he . emily you be not a kidnapper . you be a thief . will snort . will and the handcuffs . emily hah . you be after the car . will Lady , you be give I a headache . who be you ? she smile , all winsome charm . emily tell you what . give I the car key , let I out of here , and this will be we little secret ? deal ? int . will warehouse - night ( later ) Emily sit on the commode , handcuff again , this time to the sink . she 's wear pants this time , too , but that do not appear to cheer she up . will , flaunt a new and improve jaw injury , smile grimly and pocket the handcuff key . emily you scum suck , arrogant , peg-head , sadistic -- will touch he jaw gingerly . will I like you better in the trunk . emily I hope you go bald . a doorbell chime above in the live quarter . will oh , hell . he shut the bathroom door -- on a few stifle yell -- and punch a intercom button on the wall . will yeah ? joe ( v.o . ) will ? will Joe ? joe ( v.o . ) yep . will wince . will what be you do here , Joe ? joe ( v.o . ) plates ring a bell ? maybe tag ? maybe you be suppose to be at my place five hour ago ? will oh. great . ( he do not sound great ) hang on -- I will be right up . ext . warehouse district - night the old woman from the dumpster stalk , stiff back , to a park police cruiser and rap on the window . a startle patrolman roll it down . she stare he straight in the eye , dare he to notice she dirt sweep hair . old woman I would like to report a case of domestic violence . patrolman you need to call it in . I be on special assignment . old woman Excuse I , while I pull out my portable phone . patrolman you want a ride downtown , sister ? old woman there be a man beat he wife down the street . the patrolman wince . she radiate indignation . he lift he radio . patrolman Central , I have get a report of domestic violence in the neighborhood . request backup . over . voice over negative , 223 . all car in the vicinity on special assignment . I will have to send someone else out . over . the patrolman roll he eye at the old woman . patrolman ( to old woman ) what would I tell you ? she snort . patrolman ( cont 'd ) ( into radio ) Central , there be a man beat he wife down the street . over . a pause . radio ( v.o . ) sit tight , 223 . I will see what I can do . int . will warehouse / apartment - night ( uncle ) joe pogue be a pretty good indication of what will 's go to grow up to be , if will do not get on one of that plane pretty quick . not that Joe 's a bad guy -- he be not -- but he 's get a habit , namely a bottle , and a tired stoop to he shoulder that say bad news have perch on he doorstep one too many time . will open the door , ready to say something appropriate , like maybe this be a bad time -- but do not get the chance . joe Jesus , Mary , and Joseph . where have you be ? Joe barge right in , wave a crinkle up brown paper shopping bag under will 's nose -- about the size and shape of license plate . will oh god , I forget . joe you forget ? you forget ? I think you be in jail . stalk to the refrigerator . joe ( cont 'd ) he forget . you get anything to drink around here ? the question 's moot , as Joe 's get he beer and be head for the door to downstairs . joe ( cont 'd ) do you get she ? will panic for a quick second . will her ? joe the car ? will oh , right , the car . yeah , I get she . Joe , much to will 's chagrin , be head straight for the door to downstairs . joe well let 's take a look . Joe stop at the door , study the knob , which be loose . joe ( cont 'd ) when be you go to quit this business , will ? will , at a loss , shrug . Joe snort and study the warehouse side of the doorknob and lock . scratch . joe ( cont 'd ) yeah , that 's what I think . last job , my ass . Joe stomp down the step . joe ( cont 'd ) he forget . int . will warehouse - night Joe , stroking the mercede , whistle . will attempt to arrange he hand in some sort of natural pose and look nonchalant . joe she 's pretty . will I do not think I can unload she . Joe 's head snap up . joe why ? what 's wrong with she ? will Long story . joe then it will have to wait -- Joe smack the bag and beer into will 's numb hand . joe ( cont 'd ) there be you papers , tag , and plate -- whether or not you can unload she -- and there 's my beer . I gotta talk to a man about a horse . Joe 's on he way , steamrolling right up to that bathroom door . will uncle Joe ? Joe 's hand 's on the doorknob , turn -- joe yeah ? the door 's open -- will nothing . Emily , sit on the commode , shoot Joe one wide , fake , frosty smile , and wave at he with she free hand . joe Jesus , Mary , and Joseph ! Joe simultaneously leap up , backward , and slam the door . he stand , hand on knob , think for a moment , before turn heavily to the stair and start back up for the live quarter . int . will warehouse / apartment - night Joe 's sit at the table , stone cold still . will 's fill a coffee pot with water , just as quiet . joe get I another beer , Son . will get the beer , pop it open , set it down beside Joe 's empty . Joe drain it , then set the can carefully down on the table . joe ( cont 'd ) pardon I for intrude in you affair , will , but there be a girl downstairs chain to the commode . will nod , pour water into the coffee maker . joe ( cont 'd ) of course , it 's nice to see you with a girl , will . I have be kinda worried about you in the girl department of late . will ogle Joe , mouth " in the girl department ? " -- coffee splatter from the coffee machine -- will jam the pot in place to catch the stream . joe ( cont 'd ) but it be somewhat of a surprise . will I can see that . joe I think I will be head home now , will . Joe stand and head creakily for the door . will uncle Joe , would you like to know why I have a girl chain up downstairs ? Joe think a moment , slowly shake he head . joe nope . nope . do not want to know nothing about it . he 's at the front door , open it , turn . joe ( cont 'd ) but will ? will yes ? joe Flowers be a good alternative . Joe close the door behind he . will sit at the table , try to take it all in . the door open again and Joe stick he head in . joe ( cont 'd ) oh , and will ? will yes ? joe she 's a real pretty girl , will . you parent would have be proud to know you be see such a real pretty girl . and then he 's go . will rise slowly and start close down lock -- all key from the inside . there 's a window run alongside the door -- bar , natch , but you can see through the upstairs window , ' cause they be not paint black . int . police car ( behind will warehouse ) - night the patrolman eye back entrance to warehouse building . they all look pretty much the same in the gloom . the old woman lean forward and point . old woman that 's the one . patrolman you sure ? she nod . old woman across from the dumpster . patrolman okay . through the patrol car 's back window , you can see a second patrol car follow they as he glide down the back street and turn the corner . ext . will warehouse / front - night Joe 's climb into he old chevy -- a small , slump figure in all that darkness -- when the two police car cruise around the corner and down the street towards the warehouse 's front entrance . will ( o.s. ) oh , shit . the police car be slow , check building -- will ( o.s. ) ( cont 'd ) go , uncle Joe , go. int . will warehouse / apartment - night will 's at the window , every tendon in he body push for Joe to get out of there -- will do not stop , old man . ext . will warehouse / front - night Joe 's lean forward in he car , eyeing the approach cruiser in he rearview mirror -- casually , oh so casually , adjust that mirror -- you can see the indecision in he , sit there , adjust the mirror just a little too long -- but he start he old car up and pull away from the curb , glide slowly down the block -- int . will warehouse / apartment - night will , stand pensive by the window , watch -- will keep go , Joe , keep go -- ext . will warehouse / front - night Joe 's chevy glide around the corner as the two cruiser halt in front . they door creak open , and the patrolman and a companion cop climb out . int . will warehouse / apartment - night will drag a pre-pack duffel bag from under the bed , check to make sure a stack ( we be talk a serious stack ) of money be in there , and hoist the duffel , head for the stair . a knock sound behind he . another knock . he set the bag softly down and eye the door . will okay , they be serious . but how serious ? ext . will warehouse / front - night the patrolman knock on the door again , look at he companion cop , shrug . companion cop light be on . the patrolman nod , start back for he car . patrolman call it in and see what they say . he lean into the cruiser , pull out the radio mike . patrolman ( cont 'd ) Central , I have get a situation here in the warehouse district . over . int . will warehouse / apartment - night will hoist he duffel bag . will too damn serious for I . int . will warehouse - night will , come down stair two at a time , toss the duffel bag into the back of the porsche , yanking the bathroom door open on Emily -- emily you run a peek show here or what ? will up. he 's undoing the handcuff on the sink , jerk she to she foot , drag she towards the car -- emily who be that old man ? shove she headfirst through the porsche 's passenger door , he slap the cuff to the passenger brace bar -- emily ( cont 'd ) hey ! God damn it ! she jerk backwards -- stick . will get in . she do not . he 's head around the car , slip into the driver 's seat , revving the engine as he slap control key to open the garage door -- he pause to stare at she , hard and cold . will ( cont 'd ) you can ride inside or outside the car , but either way , when that door open , we be leave . Emily climb into the car and slam the door . emily you be a real fun date , you know that ? will you be not my idea of a good time . the porsche squeal out of the warehouse . int . will warehouse / apartment - night the coffee pot steam on its burner . ext . warehouse district - night Joe slow to a crawl , pull the chevy over , and sit there idling -- tapping the steering wheel , indecisive . joe Jesus , Mary , and Joseph . he squint at approach headlight in the rearview mirror . the approach car slow , pull alongside he . natch , it 's a cop . the cop shine a flashlight in at Joe , roll down a window , force Joe to roll down he window and squint into the glare . cop everything all right here ? joe oh , yeah , just fine . I just kinda lose my way . the cop 's get out . Joe wince . cop could I see some identification , please ? joe oh , sure . Joe fumble for he wallet , pull out a license , extend it with a shaky hand -- the cop eye he , take it , study it , then Joe . cop Mr. pogue , would you please step out of the car ? joe Excuse I ? cop please step out of the car , Sir . Joe open the door and climb out . joe hey , I just get a little lose , be all . if you could give I direction to the freeway -- cop have you be drink tonight , Mr. pogue ? int . will porsche - night will wind up highway 5 , North . Emily , still cuffed to the brace bar , brood in the passenger seat . emily I can see you be a master economist of word . will grunt , spot a lone gas station and phone booth on a abandon stretch , slow to pull off the highway . emily ( cont 'd ) you be a kidnapper now , you know . I mean , before , it be just a accident , but this be definitely a hostage situation . silence . emily ( cont 'd ) oh , and in case you do not notice that sign back there ? " Washington . " silence . she shake she head in mock chagrin . emily ( cont 'd ) cross a state line with a hostage . that 's a federal offense . will idle in front of the phone booth , unlock the cuff , lean across she to push open the passenger door . will get out . Emily eye he , the phone booth , he . emily get. out ? the car idle . cold wind sweep through the open door , ruffling anything not nail down . she sit , not move . comprehension dawns on he face . will oh . here . he fish in he pocket , pull out a quarter , smack it into she palm . she study the quarter in she palm like it 's some sort of alien relic -- slowly look up at he . emily be you mad ? will Excuse I ? emily you think , after be lock up , starve , bully ! brow beat ! robbed ! and you forget my purse . you think now you be go to give I a quarter and leave I here ? will this will do . emily forget it . I want a cigarette . I want breakfast . I want a shower . and I want my car . she cross she arm . he struggle for a appropriate response -- will I do not allow smoking in my car . emily be you for real ? the engine idle . will eye the car 's dimension , gaug the feasibility of a fight in close quarter , touch the bandage on he chin . she smile , smug -- he odd do not look good . will I be a harden criminal . emily ( cont 'd ) I be Emily Rose T. hope . and you do not want to mess with I before I get my morning cigarette . Emily snap she seat belt on with finality . int . undercover car - night Dan sim wrestle he seat belt as the undercover car screech through the warehouse district . sim I think I tell you to get this fix . barnaby shrug . barnaby I do get it fix . sim then why be not it fix ? barnaby New car assignment . Dan , at a loss , study the car 's interior -- it sure as hell look like the same car , right down to the gum on the dashboard . he sigh . sim get it fix . barnaby shrug . sim ( cont 'd ) what the hell be that ? Dan squint through the windshield at a column of black smoke . barnaby look like smoke . sim I be really try to like you , barnaby , but you just make it so damn hard . barnaby shrug . the car speed on -- sim ( cont 'd ) oh no . it can not be . . . . but it be . will pogue 's warehouse roar away in a fire to beat all fire . out front , police and firemen jostle shoulder to shoulder with newscaster . ext . will warehouse - night sim climb from the car to stare in appal silence at the blaze . barnaby climb from the car to stand cheerfully at he side . barnaby Fire start in the kitchen . sim you know about this ? barnaby car 's inside , though , so this be definitely the place . sim how do you know this ? barnaby shrug . barnaby Daniels call it in . too bad they could not get that lock off , before the building go . gonna lose a lot of evidence . sim barnaby . barnaby yes ? sim I be not sure there 's a legal precedent for arrest my partner for withhold evidence , but I be go to check the book . b.g. , Perkins watch the blaze , watch sim and barnaby , take it all in with a impassive expression . a reporter slam a microphone into sim ' face . reporter detective , be it true this be the suspect lair of kidnapper ? sim what ? reporter be not it true , detective , that -- int . will porsche - day ( overcast ) Dawn streak the sky . will drive down a dirt road , ominously silent . Emily suck on a cigarette , blow smoke out the open window , study the desert surroundings warily . emily a speech class could do wonder for you . maybe instill some of that inner confidence need to carry on a conversation . he keep drive -- we be talk past the middle of nowhere , here -- the landscape grow more and more barren . emily ( cont 'd ) want to tell I where we be go ? no response . Emily be wind tighter and tighter . emily ( cont 'd ) Nice place to hide a body . not even a peep . she stub out she cigarette , glare at the open window . emily ( cont 'd ) how can anyone live without air conditioning ? he turn into a abandon field . she roll up she window , surreptitiously glide she finger across the door lock -- push it down . he stop the car , shut off the ignition , turn to rummage in the duffel bag . she slam he hard with she elbow , hit he again to keep he down , lunge across he to knock he door open -- he 's come up -- she kick he , send he backwards out the door -- kick again , to send he all the way out -- will hit dirt as she slam the door , lock it , slide into the driver 's seat , and reach for the ignition -- no key . will , rise stiffly , jingle the car key outside the window and smile , grim . she punch the ignition switch -- will open the door . she punch the ignition switch again . it pop free . she reach for its wire . will wince -- he do not want to do this -- double up he fist , and punch a hole through the driver 's side window . Emily lunge backwards , out of reach , into the passenger seat , still hold the limp ignition . he unlock and open the driver 's side door . will what the hell do you think you be do ? Emily be breathe hard , tense to kick he again . second tick by . she relax -- barely . emily what be you do ? will reach cautiously into the car to lift a run shoe from the floorboard -- what he drop when the assault begin -- dangle it for she inspection . Emily , pale , eye it , he . he look pointedly at the driver 's seat , raise a brow in a question . she bite she lip , nod , gather herself into a small ball as he sit gingerly on the glass litter driver 's seat and pull off he shoe . will it 's six o'clock . this mean nothing to Emily . lace up , he shoot she a skeptical glance . will ( cont 'd ) I run at six o'clock . she bite she lip harder . will lift the limp ignition and study it , she , pop the hood and climb out . emily now what be you do ? he jerk the distributor cap and pocket it , before limping down the road at a slow lope . Emily watch he go in consternation . ext . dirt road - day will , bloody but unbent , doggedly run , ignore Emily , who trot by he side , puffing a cigarette . emily you be angry . silence . emily ( cont 'd ) well what do you expect I to think ? silence . emily ( cont 'd ) I be sorry . he shoot she a appal glance . will for beat the crap out of I , or my car ? Emily smile , winsome charm . emily how can I make it up to you ? will go home . emily I would love to do that for you , but then I would have to explain about how you steal my car . will I will buy it . emily Excuse I ? will I will buy the damn car . emily but I love that car . he seethes . emily ( cont 'd ) fifty thousand dollar . will what ? a slow drizzle be beginning . will , breathe hard , stop and brace he hand against he knee . Emily look he up and down , take a pull off she cigarette . emily for a runner , you be not in very good shape . will fifty thousand dollar . it 's use . emily Cash . his jaw tighten . will Fine . will pick up the pace . Emily , fascinate , follow . emily you have get fifty thousand dollar cash ? will yes . emily on you ? will yes . emily how barbaric . ext . motel - day will 's porsche sit outside the dingy motel structure . int . motel / room - day Emily hum , toweling she hair . will tap the phone , impatient as hell . Emily grin . emily you oughta take one . Nice to be human again . will what 's the number ? emily what , no breakfast ? judge from he expression , it look like breakfast be out . will the number . emily where 's my money ? will throw a packet of cash on the table . emily five -oh - three , five - five - five , eight - nine -seven -six . will thank you . he dial . it ring on the other end . Emily lift cash and count under she breath . assistant ( v.o. ) hope residence . will extend the phone to Emily . she shrug he off , still count . assistant ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) hope residence . May I help you ? will I would like to speak to Mr. hope , please . assistant ( v.o. ) May I ask what this be regard ? will his daughter . assistant ( v.o. ) one moment please . the line click a few time . will ( whisper ) you be go to talk to he . emily forty seven , forty eight -- amadeus ( v.o. ) this be amadeus T. hope . to whom be I speak ? will you daughter would like to speak to you , Mr. hope . will extend the phone to Emily . she take she time . will shake the phone at she . she touch off the last bill . emily forty-nine , and fifty . she smile sweetly and take the phone . emily ( into phone ) daddy ? amadeus ( v.o. ) Emily ? emily daddy , he make I suck he penis -- will what !? will rip the phone away and slam the receiver into its cradle . Emily collapse on the bed , laugh . will ( cont 'd ) what the hell be the matter with you ? you think that 's funny ? he rip the money from she hand . will ( cont 'd ) give I that ! she 's still laugh . he ogle she , horrify . will ( cont 'd ) you look human . . . you sound human . . . but underneath it all -- Emily stop laugh . emily we would better leave . will you leave . emily they trace that call . Emily head for the door . will 's not go anywhere . will they do not have time . she pause , exasperate . emily my father do not need time . we have get to go . now . he stand firm . she stalk out . will shit . this be definitely a hostage situation . int . will porsche - day ( raining ) will , drive , squint against rain splattering through the hole in the driver 's side window . Emily , smoking with she window crack , be quiet . will family reunion must be a blast at you house . she tap cigarette ash out the window -- wind and rain blow it back into the car . will wince . emily I be just have a little fun here . do not take it personally . will this be fun ? emily this car be not safe anymore . will you want another car , you steal you own . emily Excuse I . I have a car . it happen to be in you garage . they drive in stony silence -- will lemme let you in on a little secret , princess . the car I steal be business . not fun . not boredom . not rich kid curiosity or life on the wild side . Business . he 's piss . Emily laugh . emily I like you . will what do you do to people you do not like ? will sigh , swerve to the curb , turn to she , engine idling . will ( cont 'd ) look , I do not like be chase by police . I do not like police come to my door . I do not like stranger in my house . I do not like stranger in my car . I do not like stranger , period . Emily study he with a clear steady gaze . will ( cont 'd ) so I be sure you be a real nice girl , though you have get a few problem and a real strange sense of humor , but I do not ask for you , I do not want you , I do not need you , and I do not like you . I want off this ride . emily okay . will okay ? emily okay . will good . emily pay I for my car , and I be go . will what ? Emily shoot he a look . his jaw tighten . will ( cont 'd ) Fine . ext . motel - day Thomas Perkins ' discreet automobile -- tinted window , Oregon plate -- sit in the motel parking lot Emily and will just leave -- and past the car , through the motel office window , you can see Perkins converse with a very pale motel office clerk -- who open a registration book , no question ask , for Thomas to examine . ext . truck stop - day ( raining ) it 's not night , but it 's damn dark , what with rain and cloud . a gaudy neon light flash welcome at the interstate . fluorescent pierce the gloom above gas pump and semis . occasional burly figure dash beneath slicker for the yellow glow of a coffee shop . will and Emily stand in shadow by the porsche . will cast a doubtful glance around -- Emily extend she hand . emily well , have a good life . will awkwardly accept the handshake . will same to you . emily and lose that car -- will open he mouth to protest -- emily ( cont 'd ) just for a while . Park it somewhere . and stay away from phone . trust I on this . she stride away , a slim , erect figure in the gloom -- look , suddenly , awfully frail and abandon . will frown , a hint of concern , then touch he bruise jaw and eye he break window . will who be I kid ? she can take care of herself . he shake he head -- Emily turn -- emily hey , what 's you name ? will pause , indecisive -- Emily ( cont 'd ) never mind . probably better if I do not know . will right . emily right . he watch , until she disappear around a corner -- int . will porsche - day ( raining ) will collapse into the porsche 's rain soak seat , grimace at the wet and the hang ignition , then start the car and pull onto the highway . but he check the rearview mirror one last time , watch the truck stop light fade away into the gloom . will good-bye , Emily hope . and he breathes a sigh of relief . ext . farmhouse / drive - day ( raining ) dusk be fall as will 's porsche turn up a dirt drive and halt at a old gate -- will climb out to unlock a rusty key lock on a old chain , swing the gate open , drive through , climb out to relock it , before continue up the drive . int . will porsche - day ( raining ) will follow the drive through tree , a overgrown field , around a bend -- there 's a old dilapidate farmhouse and a board up barn ahead . he stop at the barn and click he trusty garage door opener -- the barn door roll back on track . int . barn - day ( raining ) Inside , the barn 's similar to will 's Portland warehouse : illuminate by overhead flourescent , a clean , if dusty , cement floor , a couple car under dusty cover . will climb wearily from the porsche , pat its side affectionately , and head out the side door -- ext . farmhouse - day ( raining ) -- make he way to the old farmhouse -- int . farmhouse - day a big old place , dusty and unused . but the utility work -- will swing into the kitchen , flick on light , dial a phone -- pause , shake he head -- will do not be ridiculous . and continue dial . he drag a coffee maker from under the counter , rinse as he listen to the phone ring on the other end . joe ( v.o . ) this be Joe . I be not here . leave a message . will sigh . int . truck stop / coffee shop - night Emily , rain soak and look less than able to pay for a cup of coffee , sit at the counter wear a pair of large , black sunglass , sip the aforementioned coffee and study a map . the waitress shoot she a suspicious glance , amble up to refill she cup and smack a bill on the counter . waitress lotta glare on the road today , be there ? she indicate the rain sweep night outside the window . Emily touch she sunglass and laugh , self conscious . emily oh , this . the waitress wait for Emily to take off the sunglass . Emily do not . emily ( cont 'd ) this be very embarrassing -- Emily touch a finger to the skin beneath she sunglass -- imply a black eye -- shrug , lift she coffee cup , bring she scabbed over elbow into full view -- in two second flat , the waitress go from smart ass to sympathetic . waitress do you need help ? Emily cast she gaze around the room , smile wryly . emily do you know any of this people ? I hate to just ask a stranger , and I guess they have rule about people riding along , but . . . do you know anyone , a nice guy maybe , who would be willing to give someone a lift out of town ? waitress where do you want to go ? Emily it do not matter where , it just need to be tonight . waitress you just sit right here , honey , i will be right back . the waitress stiff leg it to a table and whisper to trucker . int . farmhouse / bathroom - night will revel under a hot shower . ext . farmhouse / drive - night the gate to the drive hang open . a car approach -- a very expensive car with tinted window and Oregon plate -- headlight off , it park out of sight of the farmhouse . you guess it : Thomas Perkins . int . farmhouse - night scrubbed and dress in a robe , will pour himself a cup of coffee , amble into the spartan live room , switch a radio on to music , lift a phone , dial , and listen to it ring on the other end as he lift a remote control and switch on the mute tv . joe ( v.o . ) this be Joe . I be not here . leave a message . will frown , hang up , and relax into a chair to stare at the tv . bore . he flip channel -- jerk forward in he chair , and switch back a channel to stare in horror at -- the tv screen show a anchorman , the warehouse fire , a char mercede , more fire -- will 's jaw drop . will oh shit . will 's high school yearbook photo flash by , a picture of Emily -- will shit shit shit . perkin ( o.s. ) interesting view ? will Jesus ! will spin to stare at Thomas Perkins , who step silently into the room . will ( cont 'd ) who the fuck be you ? perkin I be uncle Tom . who the fuck be you ? Perkins hold up photocopy of mortgage deed , study one in mock annoyance . perkin William pogue , who own a warehouse in Portland , Oregon -- study another photocopy -- perkin ( cont 'd ) -- William Danny , who own a farm in denton* , Washington ? , or maybe William Baker , who own another warehouse -- you like warehouse , do not you ? -- in Seattle , Washington . Perkins lower the papers . perkin ( cont 'd ) I will just call you William . now , William , where 's Emily hope ? Perkins bring out a gun and casually begin screwing a silencer into place . ext . truck stop - night ( raining ) stand beside a rumbling semi truck , the waitress embrace Emily and shove a bag into she hand . waitress there 's food in here , to hold you over . emily thank you Norma . waitress do not even think twice about it . you just get yourself somewhere safe . Emily give she a hug , shove bill into she big waitress pocket , and swing up into the truck cab . waitress now blast you , I tell you -- emily you take that money , Norma . it 's all I have get to give you , and money be not enough . Emily slam the cab door , wave , and the semi rumble out of the parking lot . int . truck stop - night Norma , the waitress , be wiping down a desert counter , when will , face cut up and a bit wild around the eye , stalk up -- wear a really nice suit . waitress coffee , hon ? will I be look for a girl . Norma look will up and down , not like what she see . will ( cont 'd ) she may have come in here . about yeah high , such and such hair , thin , kinda delicate look ? waitress she 's go . will sigh in relief . will you have see she . do you know where she go ? waitress somewhere you can not get you lousy hand on she , be where . do not let the door hit you ass on the way out . will what ? waitress Bobby ? Joe ? the place be not entirely desert -- two very burly trucker glance up from they booth . trucker # 1 Norma , you need something ? waitress this gentleman be look for the little girl Mike give a ride to -- she indicate will with she chin -- trucker # 2 that so ? the trucker be rise -- rise be a understatement -- to approach will . trucker # 1 he the one give she that black eye ? Norma 's get she hand on she hip , stare will down . will now wait a minute -- trucker # 2 I think maybe we need to have a talk outside , Son . int . semi truck cab - day ( morning ) Emily wake up , ensconce in the bed of the truck cab , as mike the trucker climb into the cab with two styrofoam cup of coffee . mike Morning . want some coffee ? emily thanks . he hand it back to she and she crack its cover to happily breathe in steam , before take a sip . mike you eye look pretty good . Thomas Perkins ' tinted window car pull into the lot outside . emily I be a fast healer . she set the cup down and crawl to the front of the cab , to get a better look -- it be definitely Thomas 's car . she suck in breath . Mike frown at the car . mike someone you know ? she nod , tired , and drag on she shoe . Mike 's glower at the car . mike you do not have to go out there . Emily give he a tired smile and a kiss on the cheek . emily thanks for the ride and the coffee , Mike . I will be okay . she drop down out of the cab . Mike shake he head . mike why do they always go back , I wonder ? Nice pretty girl , could have anyone she want , and she go back to the black eye patrol . ext . truck stop # 2 - day ( morning ) Emily brace she shoulder and walk towards Thomas 's car . emily aw , well , it be a fun ride , em . she sigh , and open the passenger door . will glare at she from the driver 's seat . emily ( cont 'd ) you ! will get in . emily fuck you . you burn my car ! she whirl and stalk back towards the truck . will I what !? he slam out and stand there , breathe hard . she turn , glaring . emily no wonder you be in such a hurry to get out of there . you torch the place ! will the hell I do . more likely one of you relative come to visit . she stare at the car , he suit -- emily where 's Thomas ? will in the last twenty - four hour , I have be beat up by three people , threaten with a gun , insulted by a waitress , and I have to run naked through the wood . so I be not in the mood to hold this conversation in the god damned rain . now get in the car . emily you run naked through the wood ? she glance at she watch : five thirty . emily wow . it 's not even six o'clock . int . perkin ' discreet automobile - day ( raining ) Emily smoke like a fiend . will drive by reflex . emily I be not go back . will the hell you be not . emily you would not be in this mess , if you have not go around make a bunch of phone call . the car 's cellular phone ring . will stare at it , appal . Emily eye it , curious . will do not answer that . emily who be it ? silence . will 's jaw work . emily uncle Tom ? uncle Tom be call you on the phone ? she laugh , delighted . he glare . will ( cont 'd ) if I would know the fuck marine be on my ass -- but no . it be not the marine . it be uncle Tom , a much more frightening individual . where the hell do you think you be you go ? emily Fort Lewis . will oh , that explain everything . emily if you must know , I be go to visit a priest . will snort . will well now you be go to visit a policeman . who the hell be uncle Tom ? Emily stare around the car in fascination . emily I can not believe you steal uncle Thomas 's car . and he clothes . how do you do it ? will I run . emily you outran uncle Tom ? will he be not count on I jump through that plate glass window . she reach up to touch one of he facial nick . emily but how -- will shoot she a deprecate glance , grit he tooth -- will the clothes be in the car . he 's wait for a explanation , seethe . she sigh . emily he 's not really my uncle , that 's just what I call he . he rub he eye , tired to death of subterfuge . she sigh . emily ( cont 'd ) uncle Tom do clean up for my father . will he 's a janitor . why do not I think of that . will jerk the steering wheel , straighten the car 's path out on the road . emily when 's the last time you get some sleep ? he grit he tooth . emily ( cont 'd ) Jesus , I bet you have not sleep at all . you can not even stay on the road . will I can stay on the road . ext . highway - day ( raining ) Perkins ' car screech off the road -- slamm to a halt amid fly pebble and mud . will ( o.s. ) uncle Tom be a hit man ? int . perkin ' discreet automobile - day ( raining ) will stare , horrify , at Emily . emily not exactly . will then I wish to hell you would tell I what " exactly " uncle Tom be . emily okay , he 's a hit man . will plunge off the shoulder , through weed and mud , onto the feeder road . emily ( cont 'd ) where be you go ? will I have to make a call . int . phone booth - day ( raining ) will listen grimly to Joe 's answer machine . joe ( v.o. ) this be Joe . I be not here . leave a message . will hang up . will Jesus , Joe , where be you ? int . jail cell - day ( morning ) uncle Joe stand at the common phone , amidst the glamour and glitz of a hold cell . voice over I be sorry , but the number you have dial be disconnect or no longer in service at this time . if you feel you have reach this recording in error -- Joe drop the phone into its cradle . joe damn . look like I be walk . a gnarled visitor laugh . visitor Joe , you miser , why do not you cough up for a cab ? joe already have to pay the damn fine . a guard clang the cell door . guard this be not a hotel , you know , pogue . you go or stay ? joe I be go . hold you britches . Joe shamble out . visitor damn idiot 's go to walk . crazy ass white son of a bitch . int . amadeus' viewing room - day it truly be a view room , in every sense of the word . amadeus sit in a massive chair , watch a newscaster harass Dan sim on the enormous tv screen . newscaster ( v.o . ) be it true Emily hope , daughter of billionaire amadeus T. hope the third , have be miss for three day ? sim ( v.o. ) no comment . newscaster ( v.o . ) be it true the recent ground of a river barge be a fail attempt -- amadeus snap off the telecast , stare at the dark screen . Thomas rise silently and refill they drink . amadeus do you relize how embarrassing it be to call a bank president and tell he you need one million dollar replace ? Thomas drop ice in the drink . amadeus ( cont 'd ) do you realize there be eleven news van park outside this residence ? Thomas hand amadeus a drink . amadeus sip , brood . amadeus ( cont 'd ) privacy , Thomas , be a rare commodity . perkin amadeus , it 's Emily . amadeus that 's no longer a issue . someone must take public responsibility for this fiasco -- that someone will not be a hope . she 's in Washington ? Perkins nod . amadeus shake he head . amadeus ( cont 'd ) please tell I we be not involve the Bureau in this . perkin it 's unconfirm . it will remain unconfirm . amadeus be there any way we can -- amadeus gesture helplessly at the tv . perkin short of kill everyone in the news department ? amadeus consider the possibility -- perkin ( cont 'd ) no. amadeus sigh , stroke one of he bonsai . amadeus they be so perfect . so control . Perkins ' face twitches . perkin will you permit I to make a observation , amadeus ? amadeus certainly , Thomas . perkin Emily be not a plant . amadeus frown . perkin ( cont 'd ) just a observation . amadeus turn the tree to a more complimentary angle . amadeus I be experience the strangest emotion , Thomas . relief . and shame . because I think my daughter be dead -- he stroke the moss at the plant 's base . amadeus ( cont 'd ) -- and the think be oddly comforting . I suppose that make I a terrible person . Perkins do not say a word . amadeus sigh . amadeus ( cont 'd ) I do not care how you do it . shut the circus down . Thomas nod and head for the door , leave -- Thomas turn to the right . amadeus ( cont 'd ) Thomas ? Thomas pause . amadeus ( cont 'd ) my father be rarely present , while I be grow up , yet I do not terrorize every live soul I come in contact with . Thomas 's eye be sad in that hard mask face of he . perkin I be not judge you , amadeus . amadeus be not you ? perkin no . just make a observation . and Thomas be go , leave amadeus alone in that big , beautiful , perfectly control , and very empty room . int . joe' auto part - day ( raining ) if you want to talk grease and engine part , " Joe 's Auto part " be sacred , if grimy , ground . the phone be ringing . uncle Joe , look the worse for he visit with the authority , not to mention he walk , appear outside the window and unlock the shop door . the answer machine click on . joe ( v.o. ) this be Joe . I be not here . leave a message . the door jangle as Joe push in . the machine beep . he stump across the room to pick up , just as the caller hang up . joe I hate it when they do that . sigh , he pull a bottle from under the cash register , take a long pull , and collapse onto a beat up stool . int . police department - day Dan sim study report , read each sheet , set it aside , and wearily go on to the next . he pause . sim barnaby ? you see this DUI report ? barnaby , at the next desk , glance up . barnaby you mean that old guy pogue ? sim yeah . barnaby sure . sim do it occur to you , this old guy pogue , who be pull over in the vicinity of a warehouse that just happen to belong to a suspect name pogue , might be a relative ? barnaby sure . sim sure ? barnaby yeah , it 's he uncle . sim his uncle ? barnaby yeah . sim stare ceilingward , praying for patience . sim barnaby , be you go to tell I this ? barnaby yeah , I probably would have get around to it . sim struggle into he jacket . sim barnaby , I be really try to like you . barnaby we go somewhere ? sim yeah , barnaby , I think we might pay a visit to Mr. pogue 's uncle . int . motel # 2 / room - day ( raining ) Emily come out of the bathroom , wear a towel and rub she hair with another , smoking a cigarette . the key rattles and will stalk in , soak , halt dead . emily do you get he ? will who ? he settles warily into a chair , as far from she as physically possible -- by the door . emily whoever it be you keep call . will you take too many damn shower . she grab she clothes off the floor and stalk into the bathroom , leave the door partially ajar . will , uncomfortable as hell , try to ignore flash of flesh , as she walk back and forth in there , to the accompaniment of zipper and slide material . will ( cont 'd ) be there really a priest ? emily the nun at school use to make we go to church -- which be boring as hell -- so I use to go to confession -- to shock the priest . told them I sleep with all this army guy and stuff . will what 's so shocking about that ? emily I be nine . she come out of the bathroom , toss herself on the bed , sniff she shirt sleeve , grimace , shut she eye . emily ( cont 'd ) God I hate dirty clothes . will this priest all believe a nine year old girl be sleep with army guy ? emily I think Father Douglas be the only one who catch on . she shut she eye . he shut he eye . he put he foot up on the table . shift . shift again . open he eye . shut they . Emily open she eye and glare . emily if the chair 's so god damned uncomfortable , sleep on the bed . you virtue will remain intact . will I be use to sleep alone . emily I will bet . all that frigging lock . she toss back down into the pillow , turn away from he . he turn onto he side , face away from she . the rain beat down . there they both lie , wide awake . emily ( cont 'd ) pogue , be you plan on be a car thief all you life ? will be you plan on be a thorn in you father 's side all you life ? Stony silence . will sigh . will ( cont 'd ) I be go to tahiti . emily you be go to steal car in tahiti ? that 's progress . will I be go to fish . and I be go to go first class . emily oh , right . so what will you live on ? Fish ? will I have investment . Emily laugh -- bitter . will ( cont 'd ) what 's so funny ? emily here I think I would meet a honest thief -- and you have investment . she 's really laugh now -- but it 's a brittle laugh . emily ( cont 'd ) just like my father . next , you will tell I you have a tree fetish . will believe you I , hard as I try , I could never fuck someone up as bad as you be fuck up over you old man . she stop laugh . he glance over at she . will ( cont 'd ) do not tell I I hurt you feeling . she throw back the cover , stump out of bed . emily you take the bed . I will sleep in the chair . he shake he head no , cross he arm . will chair 's by the door . emily Jesus , God . look , I give you my word , I will not leave , while you be asleep . okay ? because I would rather see you get some sleep than end up somewhere dead on the highway . will that work ? my solemn oath . he look at she , skeptical . int . joe' auto part - day the bell jangle over the door and Dan sim walk in , barnaby plodd along behind he . the only live thing in sight be a old german shepherd in the corner -- it wag its tail . sim anybody here ? joe ( o.s. ) yeah , yeah , hold on . sim lean down to pet the dog . Joe come out of the back , glare at the dog . joe Veronica , you be suppose to bite the burglar , not welcome they in . Veronica 's tail wag harder . joe ( cont 'd ) what can I do you for ? Dan flash a badge . sim be you Joseph pogue ? joe nope . he be not here . sim squint at Joe . sim when do you expect he back ? joe dunno . he go on a fishing trip . maybe a week or so . sim would you happen to know where ? joe nope . sim how about he nephew , William pogue ? you ever see he around here ? joe sorry . only work here a coupla week . sim give he a hard look . sim and what would you name be ? joe Dennis hodge . sim you get any identification , Dennis hodge ? joe nope . sim glower . Joe shrug . joe ( cont 'd ) I do not drive . sim you know it 's against the law to lie to a police officer , Mr. hodge ? joe now I do . sim slap he card on the counter . sim you hear from pogue , you call I . joe will do . sim and barnaby jangle out the door . Joe pick up the card , study it . joe Jesus , Mary , and Joseph . the shepherd flop its tail . int . undercover car ( outside joe' auto part ) - day sim steam . barnaby start the engine . sim there be something wrong here . I do not know what , but something be not right . barnaby you mean with pogue ? sim what do you mean , " do you mean with pogue " ? barnaby incline he head towards Joe 's Auto part . barnaby that be he back there . sim how can you tell ? the station picture be shit . barnaby go to school with he . sim ' jaw drop . sim you might have say something sooner . barnaby shrug . barnaby you want to go back and talk to he ? sim oh , right . Excuse I , Mr. pogue . my partner just happen to mention . . . he will not tell we anything now . barnaby nope . sim but I want the place watch . barnaby okey-dokey . barnaby pull out . sim jerk he seat belt forward -- it stick . disgust , he drop it , past try to get the damn thing to work . int . thomas perkin ' new and improved discreet automobile ( outside joe' auto part ) - day Thomas , expressionless and immaculate as always , watch barnaby and sim pull away . beside he on the seat , the red LED on a high tech phone monitoring device blink . int . undercover car - day barnaby drive , nonchalant . Dan sim brood . sim barnaby , let I ask you a question . barnaby shoot . sim what do you think be happen here ? barnaby scratch he neck , think a moment . barnaby you want to know what I think ? sim be get belligerent . sim yeah . just out of curiosity , I want to know what you think . barnaby well , lemme see . I think old man hope think he daughter be set he up , so he do not get too rile , think he would just play along . then , when the car be not there with she in it , he get worried and call in the big gun -- that would be we mysterious Mr. Perkins . but the kidnapper we be after be not a kidnapper , he be a car thief -- see as he 's Joe pogue 's nephew , and pogue be not into kidnap , they be into car . you know he daddy be a racer ? so the kid take the car , but then he find the girl in it , which put he in a fix . so he be try to figure out what to do about it , without get tangle up with the law , when that old lady put the finger on he and the cop show up . then he run -- skittish lot , the pogue -- and the girl probably go with he -- but he forget to take the coffee off , so the whole place burn down . now old pogue 's sweat it , ' cause he have not hear from he nephew in a while , and young pogue and that girl be somewhere out in tarnation . sim just stare , slack jaw . barnaby glance at he . barnaby ( cont 'd ) that 's what I think . sim you think that all out . barnaby yep . sim and you never think to mention it . barnaby you do not ask . sim collapse back into he seat , think . sim what make you think the kid 's a car thief ? barnaby get bust way back , musta be about fourteen at the time , for auto . bad crowd he be run with , after he daddy die . sim he do . barnaby nod . barnaby you would know this thing , if you be from around here . sim you do not like I much , do you barnaby ? barnaby I get nothing against you . I just wonder , sometimes , how come you be out here , instead of back in you own town . second tick by as sim consider . sim you ever be to Los Angeles , barnaby ? barnaby nope . int . motel # 2 / room - day ( raining hard ) rain beat against the roof . Thunder rumble and will jerk awake , stare around the room panicked , relax when he remember where he be -- and stiffen when he see Emily 's go . will God damn it . he struggle free of tangle bed clothes , jerk open the door to stare out at the gray sheet of rain , and cursing , plunge into it . ext . motel # 2 / parking lot - day will , dash through the rain -- will stupid stupid stupid -- the car be still there , and intact . he turn to stare at the abandon lot . the neon motel sign spit in the gray rain , shoot weak illumination . even the office look dead . will ( cont 'd ) shit . I give you my solemn oath . yeah , right . stupid stupid stupid . lightning shoot across the sky , casting everything into black and white line , and there , on the hill behind the hotel , be a small , still figure stand in the rain . will ( cont 'd ) Emily ? he wipe rain off he face -- like that do any good -- and trudge up the hill through a grow stream of mud and water . and sure enough , it 's she . will ( cont 'd ) Emily , what be you do out here ? she just stand there , hold the front of she shirt away from she body to stare down at a enormous black blotch on it , as the rain sleet down she . emily I stain my shirt . will what ? emily I be play with the god damn motel pen , and it break , and now I have get ink all over my shirt . will stare at the rag shirt -- scruffy , tear , dirty -- he laugh . will Emily , that shirt need to be burn . emily I hate god damn stain . Emily start cry . he blanch , put he hand on she shoulder , stare at she in consternation . will hey , hey , it 's just a beat up old shirt . this be not have the desire effect -- she 's bawling . will ( cont 'd ) we will buy you a new one . here , you can have my shirt -- he 's struggle out he shirt . emily no no no . the rain come and it wash the whole world clean . it just do not wash the people clean . we be all stain , will . will how long have you be out here , Emily ? she shrug . he take she hand , rub they . will ( cont 'd ) Jesus , you be cold . come on . he tug . she resist , rain plaster she face and hair . he wipe a sodden strand out of she face . will ( cont 'd ) anybody can change , Emily . emily like you be go to change , will , when you get to tahiti ? int . motel # 2 / room - day ( raining ) they be soak and Emily 's tooth be chatter as will push she into the motel room chair and crouch to drag she shoe off and rub she foot . emily that hurt . will I bet . he grab a discard towel , rub she hair . emily rain never kill anyone . will the hell it do not . you have get to get out of this clothes . she smile , tired . he meet she eye -- eye for once candid and just plain young and tired . will ( cont 'd ) thanks for not leave . she reach out with a cold , gentle hand , to touch he face , so close , lean forward , kiss he . . . . it 's a long kiss -- before he break away . she frees the first button of she shirt . will no. emily I need you . will you do not need I . you need something , but it 's not I . emily do not you ever get lonely , will pogue ? live behind all you lock and chain and secret , do not you ever need another human be ? will I can not afford the stake you play for , Emily . emily yes you can , will . just for a moment . just to be human . and she kiss he again , and what he should do -- or might regret -- do not matter . int . motel # 2 / room - day Emily lie awake by will 's side in the bed , stare at the ceiling , listen to will 's soft breathe . he roll over , kiss she , smile one of that shit eat grin everyone wear , when they be in love with the world because they just get laid . will hi. emily hi. she 's distant . will drag clothes off a chair , frown at the wrinkle suit , but climb into it anyway . will you okay ? emily I do not want to go back . he lose a bit of the rosy glow . will Emily , it 's hard truth time . I have to go back . I have to check on someone . and you have to go back . to clear up this mess . he strap on he watch . she turn to stare at the wall . he touch she face . will ( cont 'd ) I would truly love to hide out here with you forever , but that 's not go to work , and you know it . for one thing , because uncle Tom be go to come through that door one of this day and kill I dead for make you suck my penis . he smile , try . emily Fine . she grab she clothes off the floor and drag they on , purposefully ignore the stain . will God , I could eat a horse . int . restaurant / pay phone - day will , relieved enough to be rude , speak into the phone . will where the hell have you be ? int . joe' auto part / live quarter - day Joe , casual , speak into the phone . intercut : joe jail . will jail ? joe yep . will what the hell -- joe pardon I for intrude , will , but do you know you warehouse burn to the ground ? will yeah , I know . joe I ask because I do not know if you have get tv 's where you be at . will you want to know what 's go on ? joe nope . nope . I do not want to know . I would rather not know . but I think it might be good to be sure you know . will I know . joe then I figure you will take care of it . whe n're you come home ? will I be on my way . joe well that 's good . thing be a might peculiar around here , though . you might want to wear a hat . will I will do that , uncle Joe . ( beat ) uncle Joe , there have not be any stranger around , ask question , have there ? maybe a guy in a suit ? joe a nice suit , or a cheap suit ? will a nice suit . joe just cop . will that 's good . int . thomas perkin ' new and improved discreet automobile - day Thomas smile -- not a nice smile -- snap off he phone tapping device , and straighten he cuff , obscure a military tattoo . int . restaurant - day Emily , shiver slightly , pick at she food , look miserable . a plate of fish sit across the table from she , grow cold . will slide into the booth . emily you get through ? will yep . emily congratulation . I order you the fish . will oh. he eye the congeal creature with a expression less than rapturous , but take a manful bite and swallow . will ( cont 'd ) Said the cop have be by . emily what 's wrong with the fish ? will nothing . what I be go to do be drop you off at the police station . then I be go to get the hell out of there , while you go in and introduce yourself . Emily , watch he wince he way through the fish , eye he plate , frown . emily what 's wrong with it . will set down he fork with a sigh . will Emily , I be sorry . I hate fish . emily you hate fish . she stare out the window -- come to a decision here , building up inside defense -- emily ( cont 'd ) I think you should go to tahiti , will . just get on that plane and go . forget all this mess -- and take a few steak along , for insurance purpose . will be I miss something here ? emily miss something ? she give he a cool stare . will maybe I be take a lot for grant . but I think something happen here . emily yeah , something happen here . it 's call sex , will . will uh huh . emily and suddenly , after have sex , you seem to be think I be go to be change into a nice person and I be go to go trot into some police station and announce myself to the world . will be not attempt to eat fish anymore . emily ( cont 'd ) do not ever make that mistake , will , of think I be a nice person , just because we have sex , because if there 's one thing I be not , it 's nice . will 's sit there , wait for the punch line . it do not come . the silence grow . emily ( cont 'd ) I be pregnant , will . he stare at she blankly . will there 's no way . emily not last night . before last night . will how -- oh , shit . he 's work through it , adjust -- come back at she just as tough as she 's come at he . will ( cont 'd ) I can live with that . ouch -- she do not expect that -- she recover fast . will ( cont 'd ) who ? she hit he with a hard , cold stare -- this be the big gun . emily ( cont 'd ) I do not really remember . she pull out a cigarette , light up . will stare at it , at she , the implication sink in . she blow smoke , a thin cloud grow between they . will Emily ? emily what , you be still here ? will no . you be right . I think it 's time I go . he stand stiffly and stalk for the door . Emily watch he go with a crooked , pain smile . ext . joe' auto part - day Thomas Perkins stroll to the door of the shop , spare a casual glance for the undercover car outside -- int . second undercover car - day a weary detective watch Joe 's place , will 's high school yearbook photo on the seat beside he , and , unfortunately , the detective do not know , or care , who Thomas Perkins be , and spare he only a pass glance . int . joe' auto part - day the door jangle and Thomas stroll to the counter . the german shepherd flop its tail against the wall . Joe , behind the counter , glance up , study Perkins ' suit . joe ( cont 'd ) sorry , I be close . perkin Joseph pogue ? joe he be not here . Thomas really ? then perhaps you can tell I where he be ? joe get no idea . you wanna leave a message , though , I will see he get it when he come back . Thomas slide a fifty dollar bill onto the counter . Thomas I would like very much to speak with he . Joe eye the money . joe that 's too bad , ' cause he be not here . Thomas 's eye narrow and he retract the fifty . perkin Mr. pogue , you may not want my money , but you be go to speak to I . silence . perkin ( cont 'd ) perhaps you do not understand , Mr. pogue . I be very serious . joe I tell you , Joe pogue be not here . Thomas pull a gun ( silence ) from he shoulder holster , turn , and shoot the german shepherd dead . joe ( cont 'd ) Veronica ? perkin as I say , Mr. pogue , I be very serious . Joe wobble around the counter 's edge , not quite believe that old dog be dead . joe oh , shit , Veronica ? int . perkin ' discreet automobile - day will drive , seriously piss , pass highway five South sign too fast -- and then it hit he . will she 's lie . he jerk the wheel and screech to a halt on the shoulder -- which get he a unfriendly horn blast from the car behind he -- and laugh , amaze . will ( cont 'd ) man , she be good . that poor priest . and then he sober . will ( cont 'd ) if she 's not lie , you be about to make one hell of a fool of yourself , William pogue . he stare out the window , drum he finger on the wheel . drumming drum drum -- will ( cont 'd ) fuck it . he spin the wheel and make a very illegal u-turn . ext . rectory - day will ring the bell , shift foot a few time , wait . the rectory priest open the door . rectory priest May I help you ? will I be look for Father Douglas ? the Priest study will , who 's not up to boy scout standard today -- in fact , will resemble a seriously scruffy character . rectory priest I be sorry , he 's unavailable . perhaps you could tell I what this be regard ? will no , I need to speak to Father Douglas personally . could you tell I where he go ? the priest check he watch . rectory priest he should be back in a couple of hour , if you would like to come back . the priest start to shut the door -- start , only , because will block it . will this be urgent . rectory priest if it 's urgent , you can talk to I . will 's lose patience . will no , I need to speak to Father Douglas . rectory priest then I can not help you . the priest start to shut the door again -- will strong arm the door . will look you , I need to speak to Father Douglas , and I need to speak to he now . the priest blanch . rectory priest Father Douglas be take confession . will thank you . int . church - day will pogue 's footstep echo , slap slap slap , across the hard floor . it 's a intimidating church , but he 's not into be intimidate right now , he 's into get to the confessional . still -- he genuflect and shoot a token knee bend at the alter , old habit die hard . at the confessional , there 's a line . he pause , less sure of himself , take he place at the end . and way up there , at the front of the line , there be two confessional . he study they . will what now ? a woman in front of he turn . woman Excuse I ? will nothing . sorry . she eye he wrinkle clothing , before turn a stiff back on he . nothing for it , he wait -- receive odd glance from little old lady ahead of and behind he . int . rectory - day the rectory priest dial a old fashioned , black , rotary phone . int . church - day will 's next in line . a elderly woman step from one of the confessional . he plunge in . int . confessional - day will sit awkwardly in the booth . the shade roll back . will be you Father Douglas ? the priest clear he throat -- a hint . will cross himself . will ( cont 'd ) forgive I , Father , for I have sin repeatedly and it 's be year since my last confession , but if you be not Father Douglas , I do not want to talk to you . priest May I ask why , then , you be here ? will I be look for a girl . silence . will ( cont 'd ) so if you could just tell I -- priest do you say you be look for a girl ? will uh , maybe I should explain -- priest next door . will boggle . will Excuse I ? priest next door . will a girl ? priest you will find Father Douglas in the next confessional . will oh . uh , okay . priest unless , of course , you would like to take advantage of the circumstance . will no , I will just be go now . will reach for the door -- int . church - day will , crimson face , take he place at the end of the line again . he 's get truly curious glance from wait confessor . int . church - day will 's first in line again . a elderly woman step from the confessional he enter the first time . drat ! he pretend not to notice , shift he weight , stare at the second confessional . will ( under he breath ) come on , come on -- a woman behind he tap he on the shoulder . woman I think it 's free now . will uh , no , you go ahead . I be wait for the next one . she ogle he , before go ahead . he 's embarrassed as hell , get stare , stand there , try to be cool . a woman step out of the second confessional and he bolt for it . ext . rectory - day a police cruiser pull to the curb . as the cop step from the cruiser , the rectory priest will have the doorway altercation with step forward to meet he . int . second confessional - day will sit awkwardly in the booth , relieved to be off display -- until the shade roll back . will Father Douglas ? the priest cough , a hint . will genuflect -- stop himself . will ( cont 'd ) look , the guy next door say you be Father Douglas , and I have get to talk to Father Douglas , so you either be or be not Father Douglas . silence . will start to sweat . will ( cont 'd ) if you be , I need to talk to you . if you be not , just tell I where Father Douglas be -- I will get out of you hair and you will not have to worry about I till last rite . it be , by the way , father douglas . father douglas it might be wise to see I sooner than that . will be you Father Douglas , or be not you ? father douglas I will be through here in a hour . perhaps we could speak at that time ? will you be Father Douglas . father douglas yes . will expel a big sigh of relief . will I have a message for Emily hope . silence . will ( cont 'd ) you do know Emily hope ? father douglas be you Catholic ? will what do that have to do with it ? father douglas answer the question , please . will glance around guiltily . will yes . father douglas then you know I can not answer you question . will 's about have it with obstacle . he rip out paper and pen , and scribbles . will Fine . I be write down a address and phone number . and if you should happen to see Emily hope , you tell she I can be reach here for the next twenty - four hour . and then I be go . will shove the paper through the grill . will ( cont 'd ) oh , and Father ? tell she I think she be tougher than this . int . church - day will , step out of the confessional , stop dead when he see the rectory priest approach with the cop . will aw , shit . rectory priest that 's he , officer . will , look for somewhere , anywhere , to hide , duck back into the confessional . the confession crowd be wild with anticipation . the cop come to a dead stop outside the confessional . cop I can not go in there . the rectory priest rap on the door . rectory priest Young man , come out of there immediately ! no answer . rectory priest ( cont 'd ) do you hear I , young man ? I say come out ! Father Douglas , look holier than God , step from the confessional , to the further excitement of the crowd -- father douglas what be the meaning of this ? the cop pale -- he be not prepare for a stand off with God . rectory priest the man inside -- father douglas be a confessor . since it be not , as far as I know , yet a crime to attend confession , we be not yet in the habit of drag confessor out of the booth . be I clear , Father Michael ? rectory priest very , Father Douglas . Father Douglas turn to the cop . father douglas thank you for come . you service will not be necessary today . the cop nod , gulp , and go . Father Douglas turn to the rectory priest . father douglas ( cont 'd ) would you care to explain ? the rectory priest falter , cast a anxious glance at the avid spectator -- at this point , no one be enter either of the confessional . he lower he voice . rectory priest I be concerned for you safety , and . . . ( oh , this be go to sound bad ) rectory priest ( cont 'd ) I call the police . father douglas I see . the rectory priest shoot a dour glance at the booth . rectory priest he be quite forceful . Father Douglas sigh , open the confessional door . will and he lock eye . father douglas it be good see you again , William . will react , eye narrowing momentarily . will right . good see you again , Father . will step awkwardly from the booth . father douglas and William ? will yes ? father douglas ten hail mary , ten we father . will 's jaw drop . father douglas ( cont 'd ) you may go . will right . will goe . Father Douglas turn back to the rectory priest . int . joe' auto part / live quarter - day the place be a reflection of Joe : old , wear -- too much bad news have pass through here , leave behind a yellow , tarnish tone of loss that cling to every item in the room . Joe himself be not look too good right now either -- probably because Thomas Perkins be beat the crap out of he . Thomas pause . Joe cough . Thomas lift Joe 's bottle and offer Joe a swig , which Joe take thankfully . perkin Joe , you have to understand , I do not enjoy beat up old man . especially military man like yourself . but you nephew be in possession of something I must find . joe do not know where he be . have not hear from he . in day . perkin really , Joe . Perkins gently remove the bottle from Joe 's hand . perkin ( cont 'd ) we both know you be lie . Joe reach pleadingly after the bottle . joe please -- perkin sorry , Joe . Thomas hit he again . ext . church - day will stand in the shadow , watch the cop study will 's " borrow " automobile . will what be this , pick on will pogue week ? the cop eye the out of state plate , scribbles the number on a pad , lift he radio mike . will ( cont 'd ) look , I promise to say the hail mary , I promise to say the we father , hell , I promise to confess , next chance I get , if that bozo just walk away from the car . honest . a full confession . and no more car . not ever . the cop 's radio squawks , the cop hop into he cruiser , turn on he siren , and scream out of the parking lot . will ( cont 'd ) you be kid ? Thunder rumble . will cast a appal glance at the sky . int . perkin ' discreet automobile - day will 's scream down the highway , mutter under he breath . will hail Mary , full of grace . . . ext . garden - day ( overcast ) Emily sit on a rock , stare into space , as dark cloud rumble past . Father Douglas walk up behind she . father douglas I have a message for you . Emily cover she face with she hand . emily aw , shit . Father Douglas drop will 's paper into Emily 's lap . father douglas there 's a phone in the rectory . you may use it . he turn away . emily do not you judge I . he turn back . father douglas I do not judge you , Emily . that 's not my job . emily then what do you call this superior attitude ? father douglas ( cont 'd ) frustration ? what do you tell he , anyway ? emily it do not matter . it do not work . Father Douglas laugh . emily ( cont 'd ) what do he say ? father douglas he say he think you be tougher than this . emily shit shit shit . Father Douglas raise he eyebrow . emily ( cont 'd ) sorry , Father . father douglas we will make a Catholic out of you yet , Emily . Emily shake she head , almost smile at the old joke . father douglas ( cont 'd ) Emily , that young man be in a great deal of trouble because of you . emily it 's not like he 's a saint , Father . he do steal a car . a lot of car . father douglas that he do . I have to return . will you be all right ? emily I will be fine . Father Douglas start down the path , pause , and turn . father douglas oh , and Emily ? emily yes ? father douglas he appear to have a great deal of -- character . Emily watch Father Douglas disappear down the path . emily touch , Father . int . rectory - day Emily squint at the number on will 's paper , lift the phone , dial -- and hang up . emily I can not do this . she pick up . hang up . pick up . a grotesque crucifix stare down at she from the wall . she glare back at it . emily ( cont 'd ) I can not do this , all right ! the crucifix glower -- no , it 's not all right . emily ( cont 'd ) same to you , buddy . but she pick up and angrily dial , glaring at the crucifix the whole time . emily ( cont 'd ) this be not a good idea . you know that . the phone ring on the other end , and be pick up by Thomas Perkins . perkin ( v.o. ) Joe 's Auto part . Emily freeze . perkin ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) hello ? she hang up gently , back slowly from the phone , turn , and bolt for the door . int . joe' auto part - day Joe be definitely look the worse for wear . Thomas hang up the phone , smile . perkin we should be expect company soon now . joe coulda be anybody . perkin I doubt it . Perkins give Joe a good whack -- enough to put he out , which be a damn hard whack . perkin ( cont 'd ) nothing personal . int . rectory - day the rectory priest huff into the study to ogle Father Douglas . rectory priest be you aware a young woman just drive off in the Church sedan ? father douglas yes . I give she the key . the rectory priest pause , reassess . rectory priest she appear rather distraught . father douglas I believe she be , yes . rectory priest should we . . . ? father douglas no , Michael . we should not . Father Douglas drape a arm around the rectory priest 's shoulder , walk he gently towards the door . father douglas ( cont 'd ) Michael , police be only man . around here , we rely on God to sort thing out . rectory priest yes , Douglas , but -- Father Douglas raise a finger to hush he . father douglas no but , Michael . I learn a long time ago , he way be the best way . ext . joe' auto part - day will saunter up the street , just a casual guy in a baseball cap and sunglass , just amble along to pick up some part for he car -- and push through the front door of Joe 's Auto part . int . second undercover car - day the cop in the under cover car glance at he , at the picture , but hey , nobody actually look like they high school yearbook picture . not really . and the cop go back to he long wait for nothing . int . joe' auto part - day will slouches in . no one around . will Joe ? silence . will glance at Veronica 's corner -- empty . will Joe ? Veronica ? silence . he stride to the cash register -- will ( cont 'd ) ' Bout time you walk that dog . -- bang the cash drawer open -- too much cash in there . will ( cont 'd ) God damn it , Joe , I keep tell you , do not leave this stuff around . he open the safe in the cupboard below the register , take a passport out , stashes it in he front pocket , grab cash from the register drawer and stow it in the safe -- perkin ( o.s. ) be you robbing the place ? will spin to see Perkins in the doorway to the back . will uncle Tom . perkin very good . do you know what uncle Tom want ? will I do not make she suck my penis , if that 's the next question . perkin her father will be relieved to hear that . Perkins motion . perkin ( cont 'd ) in back , please . will I do not think so . perkin it 's not a request . will sorry . Perkins shoot will in the leg -- the gun 's silence , natch . perkin now . shall we try again ? ext . joe' auto part - day the church sedan , if the logo be any indication , scream into the parking lot -- which actually do get the undercover detective 's attention -- and a very recognizable Emily fall out of the car in she hurry to get to the door . int . second undercover car - day the undercover detective scrabble for he radio . undercover detective Jesus Christ , I have get Emily hope here -- I need back up , now ! int . joe' auto part - day Emily slam in the door , knock the jangling bell clean off they hook , glance around -- no one there -- see the door to the back and keep go -- to stop dead in the doorway . live quarter Joe 's still out cold . will , however , be very much awake , not to mention in pain , lean against a table , he leg bleed . Perkins hold he gun at a nonchalant angle , address will . perkin a medical team could -- emily Thomas . Perkins turn to study Emily . perkin you do do it . emily yes . let they go . perkin it would be best if you wait in the car , Emily . emily it 's just a game , Thomas . perkin sometimes , the game become real . that 's something I forget to teach you , evidently . emily there 's a cop outside , Thomas , and he friend be on they way . will Emily -- emily shut up , will . Emily finger the necklace at she throat -- Thomas 's gift of long ago . perkin in sixty second , that will not be a problem . never start something you can not finish , Emily . will be reach under the table -- cautious , so cautious not to attract Perkins ' attention with he movement -- because the thing will be stretch finger for be a good old fashioned revolver strapped to the bottom of the table -- Perkins turn and draw down on will -- emily uncle Tom ! and she 's bring a gun up to bear on Thomas -- stare at he face -- dissolve to : series of shot : a ) Emily , a little girl , cry at she mother 's funeral -- amadeus , too distract to notice a three year old child -- Thomas take she hand , lead she away -- B ) Emily , a little girl , run down the step of that big , empty , hope house -- young emily uncle Tom ! and Thomas lift she up in the air to swing she around while she laugh -- C ) amadeus , study a young Emily -- amadeus Emily , you be grow too attach to Thomas . it 's important you understand what Thomas do for this family D ) Emily , teenage , cry in a car , as Thomas slide into the driver 's seat emily but you hurt people ! perkin Emily , that 's my job . emily why do you hurt people -- int . joe' auto part / live quarter - day everything be slow down as Thomas go combat , eye flat , instinct take over , turn and draw on Emily -- her finger be not move on the trigger , be not respond , because she be not go to be able to shoot this man -- but he be able , be go , to shoot she , he finger tightening -- and then he meet she eye -- combat mode switch off , and he 's human again , stare at she , know she , Emily , not the enemy -- emily I love you , uncle Thomas . perkin I love you too , Emily . all that share year , all that lesson , and in that look , he 's say good - bye , because they both know what the last lesson be -- Thomas spin away , draw down on will -- emily no ! will draw that old revolver , fire -- miss -- Thomas pull the trigger , hit will in the shoulder , spin he back against the wall -- emily ( cont 'd ) no ! and Emily raise she gun and fire --- ext . joe' auto part - day cop car scream into the lot , cop come out gun draw and head inside , as gunshot blast o.s. -- int . joe' auto part / live quarter - day Thomas take a solid hit -- Emily 's -- as he fire at will again , the hit throw he aim off -- the bullet slugging into the wall as Emily duck , hand over she ear , scream -- emily ( cont 'd ) no no no no no -- will fire and this time he be not miss -- Thomas fall , fall , as cop come in the door , weapon draw -- cop freeze ! will turn in surprise -- not a good move , hold a gun -- will not I -- -- drop the gun as a cop squeeze the trigger -- emily stop it -- will slamm back into the wall , surprised , because he just take another bullet in the shoulder -- emily stop it ! he do not do anything ! and Thomas still fall , to land and bounce , land and bounce , land and lie still -- will I be hit ? cop grab will , siren scream b.g. -- Emily crawl to Thomas , cry -- emily uncle Tom ! God no no no -- will look back at she as she raise she tear streak face and mouth " please " -- uniform surround she , ad libbing be you hurt , be you all right , where do it hurt , block will out -- Emily look down at Perkins -- emily ( cont 'd ) I finish it , uncle Thomas . oh , God , I be so sorry , I finish it , and I should never have listen to you -- and just close she eye , not want to see any more -- as will pass out . ext . cemetery - day amadeus , Emily , and Father Douglas stand grave side . father douglas would you like to say a few word , Mr. hope ? amadeus shake he head no . father douglas ( cont 'd ) Emily ? Emily remove that long ago birthday necklace , and place it on the headstone , shake she head . father douglas ( cont 'd ) I will leave you alone with he . Father Douglas stride away , and there they be : Emily and amadeus . alone at last . second tick by . amadeus remove a sub-atomic speck of lint from he cuff . amadeus Thomas be a good man . emily Thomas be not a good man . Thomas be a assassin . but he be the only father I ever have . amadeus that would explain why you shot he in the back . she jerk , strike hard , study he through hard , unshed tear . emily all this year , I think it be I . that there be something ugly and wrong about I . and if I just try hard enough , you would care . but it 's always be you . Ugly and break . amadeus he be my friend , God damn it . emily I be you daughter . amadeus as distasteful as you may find it , Emily , you be still my daughter . and I be still you father . emily no . I just bury my father . she turn and walk away , across that big expanse of death , towards wait car , and life . amadeus watch she retreate back , turn away , adjust he cuff . suit # 1 ( o.s. ) amadeus thadeus hope ? amadeus turn to face two stern face , over - barber , sunglass wear suit -- i.e. , federal agent . amadeus yes ? the suit flash badge . suit # 1 you be under arrest for conspiracy and withhold information related to a federal crime . suit # 2 if you will step over to the car , Mr. hope ? amadeus what be the grounds for this charge , gentleman ? suit # 1 be you aware , Mr. hope , that Mr. Perkins keep a ledger of he activity ? amadeus pale . the suit crack a grim face smile . suit # 1 it 's quite comprehensive . ext . sidewalk by cemetery - day sim and barnaby lean against a limousine , much to the chauffeur 's chagrin , watch amadeus and the suit . sim they get he . barnaby yup . sim amazing . Emily , ignore the detective , stride to the limo , where the chauffeur leap to open she door . chauffeur will we be wait for Mr. hope , miss ? Emily be pull herself together , get frosty . emily no . Mr. hope have provide he own transportation . sim miss hope ? Emily frown at the detective . emily this be not the time or the place , detective . sim I be run out of time and place , miss hope . and you be a little hard to reach . silence . sim look , we know about the car . emily what about the car , detective ? sim we find the car in William pogue 's warehouse . emily I sell that car to Mr. pogue . sim while you be kidnap , you sell the car ? emily no . before my abduction , I sell the car . sim this would be before Thomas Perkins abduct you , then ? emily precisely . sim miss , do you know lie to a police officer be a crime ? emily yes , I be perfectly aware of that , detective . I be also aware you have no case . sim settles back on he heel to study she warily . sim actually , I have quite a interesting case , miss hope . Emily smile , winsome , charming -- the angel again . emily detective sim , I owe you a apology . I be sure my father have put you through live hell -- and I be largely responsible for that . please accept my apology . sim blink . Emily 's face harden . emily ( cont 'd ) however , detective sim , you should also be aware I be a superb liar . sim open he mouth -- Emily raise a hand to cut he off . emily ( cont 'd ) superb , detective sim -- and stinking filthy rich . in other word , if you attempt to pursue this further , I will drag you ass through the worst press campaign it have ever see -- I will embarrass you to death , detective sim , and then I will obliterate you in court . be that clear ? sim quite . Emily smile , step into the limo , and the chauffeur slam the door . int . undercover car - day sim and barnaby sit watch the limo disappear down the street , its exhaust trail dissipate until there 's nothing leave but a thin cloud . sim what do you think , barnaby ? barnaby I believe she . sim so do i. sim cast a sideways glance at barnaby 's profile . sim ( cont 'd ) you know , I be beginning to like you , barnaby . barnaby shrug and start the engine . sim reach for he seat belt , stop , scrutinize it . the damn thing work . he eye barnaby . barnaby do not bat a eye , just pull away from the curb -- and Dan snap he belt home . int . joe' auto part - day the bell jangle , and Emily hope stalk in , puffing a cigarette . uncle Joe squint at she from behind the counter . she extend she hand . emily I be Emily hope . Joe ignore the hand . joe I know who you be . and I do not allow smoking in my shop . emily you have will 's win personality , I see . joe yep . she smile . emily then we ought to get along just fine . ext . portland INTERNATIONAL airport - day ( dusk ) will lean against he porsche -- the window 's fix -- watch he plane . a cab approach , its tire crunching gravel . he glance over he shoulder at it . it stop and Emily climb out . will turn he back on she . she crunch up to lean against the porsche beside he , as the cab pull away . will letting that driver go might have be a mistake . emily yep . will I try call , you know . emily I do not get the message . will for a month . emily you call twice . will what do you want , Emily . emily think you would be in tahiti by now . catch fish you will not eat . silence . emily ( cont 'd ) decide to stick around and steal car instead ? will I be retire . she light a cigarette . will ( cont 'd ) you be never pregnant , be you ? emily nope . will you be a damn fine liar . I just think I have have enough of liar for the time be . emily I be retire too . will round on she . will Jesus God , Emily . I kill a man . because of you . and I do not know how I can live with that . let alone if I can live with that . emily I be sorry , will . will you do not know what sorry mean . and you probably never will . he stalk to the porsche , drag the door open , leave . emily I know what sorry mean . I know damn well what sorry mean , will pogue . she throw she cigarette away , hug herself , stare off into the grow dusk . . . emily ( cont 'd ) shit . she fumble a plane ticket out of she purse and throw it on the ground . emily ( cont 'd ) I buy two ticket to tahiti , will pogue . and you can either be on that plane , or you can sit here stare at they for the rest of you life . frankly , I do not give a damn which you choose . but I do know what sorry mean . she turn and crunch away across gravel , head for the distant terminal light . it 's start to rain , big wet drop out of the sky , fall down . will be they first class ticket ? Emily slap a angry tear , or maybe it 's a raindrop , away . emily what ? will I say , be they first class ticket ? emily what do you think ? will lift the ticket , wipe a raindrop off it , which be quickly replace by another , and another . will round trip ? Emily cross she arm and shoot he a " do not push you luck " type glare . he open the passenger door . she 's think about it ? he roll he eye . she crunch back , climb in . he climb in , start the car . and the porsche pull away , crunching over gravel , turn onto tarmac , as a plane cross over we head and we : fade out : the end back to top '' max adam all rights reserve about max adam more work by max adam home