executive decision written by jim thomas & JOHN thomas April 1991 draft for educational purpose only through 13 14 15 executive decision fade in : title sequence . over black . on the main title " executive decision , " we flare out to white and into a blaze sun , situate in the intense blue sky of the Mediterranean . omitted 1 through 13 ext . HOTEL courtyard ( nicosia , cyprus ) - late afternoon 14 from the sun we slowly tilt down into the courtyard , the move ending as a explosion of white dove , flutter into the air , revealing a Muslim wedding party , the guest gather around the bride and groom , both early 20 . the attendant be all well - dress , affluent Arabs , most in western attire . subtitles : nicosia , cyprus cautiously , the bride look up , toward a balcony ... where four man , strategically position , watch the proceedings below . the man , all Arabs in casual western attire , be focus not on the wedding party but the balcony and window around they . deep in the shadow , a fifth man , wear dark glass , be barely visible . ext . balcony - late afternoon 15 the fifth man emerge , remove he dark glass : the terrorist abd sa 'ud jaffa , a name synonymous with death . of medium height , late 5as , he impart a instant , chill - ing presence : skin soft and paunchy , dark circle of flesh beneath he eye -- heartless , cold as ice , be - speak evil and treachery . as we study he face the follow subtitles appear : Abd sa 'ud jaffa , once the most notorious and fear terrorist in the world , now a desperate , hunt man , he sanctuary nearly exhaust , betrayed by even he own people . ( continued ) 15 16 continued : 15 beside he be he chief of staff , ali nagi hassan , early 30 , a complex , highly - intelligent man , responsible for jaffa 's security and middle man to outside organization . a man of considerable power but exercise only on behalf and at the behest of jaffa -- a man who never dictate policy , only carry it out . at the moment , he be extremely anxious at this careless exposure of a man carry death warrant even from he own people . Ali glance at he watch . ali hassan ( subtitles ) jaffa , we must go . we have stay too long . there be many on this island who would betray you . jaffa turn , hold up he hand in a gesture of restraint . he focus on he beautiful daughter below , radiant in this moment . he motion to she , indicate a adjoin courtyard below . she excuse herself from the party , jaffa turn to descend a staircase . Ali be upset by this recklessness but dogge in he determina - tion to maintain security . he turn to one of the guard . ali hassan ( subtitles ) check the street , then bring up the car . ext . courtyard - day 16 elegant , a stone fountain as the centerpiece . jaffa ex - tend he hand to he daughter who comply , obediently , she too in awe of this powerful , dangerous man , a man she have rarely see . jaffa embrace she and then press something into she hand , a small gild box . he speak softly to she . suddenly Ali be there . he nod differentially to the daughter and then whisper anxiously to jaffa . ali hassan ( subtitles ) the plane can not wait any longer . we must go , please . jaffa bid a final farewell to he daughter and then turn , nodd quickly to Ali . jaffa ( subtitles ) we go . ( continued ) 16 16a 16b 16c 16d 16e continued : 16 he replace he glass and ascend the stair , Ali quickly follow , signal to one of the guard at the top of the stair . Ali key a tiny hand radio . ali hassan ( subtitles ) go. int . HOTEL - hallway of upper floor - late afternoon 16a jaffa , Ali and a bodyguard enter . emerging from a room be three man , one of whom be dress identically to jaffa , he body type and face , very similar to jaffa . the double make momentary eye contact with jaffa and Ali . jaffa nod he approval . the man put on dark glass and the decoy team head rapidly down the hall . int . nicosia HOTEL - lobby - late afternoon 16b the decoy team descend the stair , move through the lobby , few of the patron or employee pay attention to they presence . ext . nicosia HOTEL - late afternoon 16c small but elegant . the decoy team leave the hotel , enter a wait mercede sedan . the car pull smoothly away from the curb . int . mercede sedan - late afternoon 16d one of the bodyguard look out the rear window , the hotel recede in the b.g . he key he hand radio . bodyguard ( subtitles ) we be clear . int . hallway - upper floor - late afternoon 16e Ali lower he radio , nodd to jaffa who quickly remove he necktie and replace he business suit coat with a sport jacket , a man always in hide . ali ( subtitles ) I must phone the airfield . I will be in the other car . go with God . jaffa briefly touch Ali on the shoulder , a quick nod from Ali and jaffa leave , escort by three bodyguard . 17 18 ext . nicosia HOTEL - late afternoon 17 now park in the curve driveway be a fiat sedan , a driver behind the wheel . another car be park in front of the fiat , its driver unload baggage for a Orthodox Greek priest who stand wait on the sidewalk , eye half - close , feel the heat of the sun on he upturn face . from the hotel lobby , two of jaffa 's guard emerge , one stand lookout , the other walk quickly to the fiat . look cautiously about he lean into the driver , give instruction . the driver start the car but before he can back up , a taxi whip in behind , trapping it between the two car . Three man , obviously drunk , stumble from the cab and head for the lobby , arm -in - arm , talk loudly in german . the terrorist beside the fiat move towards the cab , shouting at the driver to back up . the taxi driver emerge , shouting back at the terrorist . they meet at the rear of the car , argue . suddenly the taxi driver reach to he back , whipping free a silence . 22 beretta automatic . in a flash , the gun be under the chin of the bodyguard , a soft thump as the gun be fire . the driver lay the dead bodyguard in the street , swing - ing out and around the car , leveling , firing twice , the driver in the fiat slumping down in the seat . at the same moment , the three drunken man reach the lobby door , one of they pull a silence pistol , press it into the lookout 's stomach , firing . as he sit the dead man into the base of a pot tree , the other two push through the door . int . lobby - day 18 as jaffa and the remain guard descend the stair , a businessman , seat at a couch fold a paper and pick up a briefcase , follow in behind they . the two boisterous drunk spill through the door but as they approach jaffa and he bodyguard , pull they pistol as the businessman move in from behind , shove a pistol into the bodyguard 's back , a quick spin , another soft thump and the bodyguard drop to the floor . as the stunne patron and employee look on , jaffa be move quickly toward the door , the businessman speak into a lapel mike on he suit . agent ( businessman ) ( in English ) we have number one . move. ( continued ) 18 19 20 continued : 18 the three man push jaffa out the door and down the stair . ext . HOTEL - day 19 a late - model mercede squeal into view , the back door fly open as more agent leap out . jaffa be shove into the back seat . just then , jaffa 's backup car pull around the corner and into the driveway . the three terrorist inside realize what be happen , the door fling open , they weapon draw . at this moment , the Greek priest , who have be back away in mock horror at the kidnap , clear a mach ten machine gun from he robe , he driver pull a similar weapon from the trunk . the two OPEN FIRE , the terrorist in the backup car disappear in a hail of exploding glass and rupture metal . the priest and driver jump into they car , pull out . as the mercede peel out behind the priest 's car , the businessman leap into the taxi , hike out the window and over the roof , firing several round into the tire and radiator of the fiat with a silenced pistol . a second later , one of the priest 's suitcase on the sidewalk explode , a dense cloud of C.S. gas envelop the area , provide cover . int . HOTEL - upper balcony - day 20 Ali Hassan , hearing the faint but distinctive silenced shot , rush from the room , a machine pistol in he hand . see the abduction below he leap from the balcony onto the roof , run across the tile towards the street . he sight in on the businessman , hike out over the cab , but stop short , see the silhouette of jaffa , frame in the back seat , too dangerous a shot for a machine gun . unwill to risk hit he , Ali throw out he arm , scream a cry of defiance and revenge , he eye wild with anger and hatred . as the car whip its way through the narrow street , we hear the follow voice over as we view the series of news report of terrorist activity include the bomb - ing of a disco ; aircraft wreckage ; bombing of a military hospital , etc : ( continued ) 20 20 a 20 B 20c continued : 20 BBC reporter ( v.o. ) ( filter ) ... in a bizarre development , the terrorist Abd sa'ud jaffa be abduct in nicosia , cyprus late yesterday afternoon by a group of unidentified mercenary . jaffa be apparently deliver by he abductor to the commander of a american warship , at sea in the Mediterranean . ext . military base - BBC reporter 20 a stand outside a chain link fence , a military base in the b.g. telephoto BBC reporter jaffa be then fly here , to lakenheath Air Force base , 75 mile northeast of London , arrive only moment ago . live video 20 B of jaffa be take from a helicopter and place inside a wait van . BBC reporter ( v.o. ) both the U.S. and U.K. have claim no involvement in the abduction , the mercenary apparently motivate by a reward of two million pound offer for information lead to jaffa 's arrest . ext . military base - reporter 20c end title BBC reporter cyprus , claim a violation of its territorial sovereignty , have lodge a emergency protest with the U.N. Security Council , halting the extradition . until this complicated issue be resolve , Abd sa'ud jaffa , apparently will remain in U.S. custody at lakenheath ... sequence and ... long dissolve into : 21 22 23 ext . airport runway - day 21 a shimmer collage of heat - wave and out-of -focus image . subtitles : athens , greece -- 1 month later . appear mid-point in this silent , shimmer field , a black dot slowly expands into a amorphous sphere , two unattach , horizontal band appear on either side , grow towards the center . suspend in mid-air , slowly drift forward , the gigantic object resolve , revealing a boe 747 , the monarch of the air , descend - ing directly towards we . as if defy gravity , the mammoth airship seem sus - pend as it settles towards the earth . the runway ap - pear , the 747 filling the screen as it pass silently overhead ... shatter the silence as three - quarter of a million pound of modern - age miracle return to earth : a ear-splitt scream and erupting smoke as tire smash into the tarmac , follow by the thudding groan of the suspension as it absorb the awesome weight of the plane . the 230 foot of hurtle mass roar down the tarmac towards the terminal building in the b.g . int . passenger terminal - day 22 where a variety of international traveler pass through the security and x-ray control area , several travel in group , they tour leader deal with last minute problem and question . among the passenger be a man , late 40s , european , carry a small , laptop computer which be be check by x-ray and a bomb analyzer , a device search for the scent of plastic explosive . collect he computer from the inspection , he light up a cigarette , look nervously about he as he do . behind he , a dark - complect man , late 20 , handsome , Mediterranean , dress in sporty , but expensive outdoor clothing , be insist that he two heavily - laden camera bag be hand inspect by the agent . int . baggage sorting area - day 23 as baggage from the terminal be carry along conveyor belt and load into aluminum baggage container , security man and dog move against the flow , the dog eagerly sniff for the tell - tale scent of drug or explosive . 24 25 26 int . 747 cargo compartment - day 24 the food cart be roll down floor track and into the two lower galley where the meal will be prepare . as panel be lower , isolate the galley from the rest of the hold , the baggage container be roll and lock into place . ext . 747 loading area - day 25 the massive fuel line , pump thousand of pound of kerosene into the airframe be pull aside as mechanic perform last minute check on tire , landing gear and engine , use ladder and lift to gain access to the belly and wing , ten foot above the ground . int . first CLASS cabin area - day 26 where twelve flight attendant be be brief by the chief stew read to they from a computer manifest . among the attendant be fran , 32 . aside from be physi - cally strike , she possess a easy , relaxed manner and confident bear . chief stew we Captain today be Brad Stewart , base in New York . we have get a full load , 406 passenger . alsoa Federal air marshal , in 13 - B and he 's carry . otherwise you know you assignment so let 's get ready for pre-check . the attendant move to they station to prepare for the long flight . go with Fran and another attendant , judy , 28 , black . by they smile and animated conversation , we understand they be close friend . in a moment , the first of the 406 passenger begin filing on board , look for they seat , stow they luggage , assist by the attendant . the photojournalist be have some difficulty place he two camera bag into the overhead . Fran appear . fran Sir , I can check that for you . he turn , somewhat startle and then smile . he be a very handsome , exotic-looking man and the effect on Fran be not unnotice . ( continued ) 26 27 continued : 26 photojournalist ( man ) no , I would feel more comfortable with they here . they be quite valuable , you see ... Fran smile , move to help place they in the overhead . fran let I see what I can do . with a little expert arrange , she slide the bag into the compartment . photojournalist thank you ... fran ( smile ) Fran . have a nice flight . she walk away towards the forward compartment . a american family , husband and wife and two child , boy and girl , take they seat . the child be seat separately at window seat , tend to by they mother , store toy into the upper compartment , the kid , david and karen , play with they latest nintendo game . a priest and two Greek orphan , boy , seven and eight , take they seat in the center section , directly across from the two american child . the child study each other closely , the orphan dress in short and knee sock , the Americans in reebok , baggy pants and t-shirt . the little girl seem totally mesmerize by the two . she smile warmly at they . int . mid - section galley area - day 27 Judy be put on a apron . Fran appear , continue she conversation as she check the area for supplies . Fran nudge she playfully . fran so , how do it feel , now that it 's really happen ? judy can not get out of it now . he 's already pay for the hotel , the church , and ... ( more ) ( continued ) 27 28 10 . continued : 27 judy ( cont 'd ) ( hold up diamond ring ) ... the ring . but the big question be , have you file for that leave of absence ? fran not yet . still get the car to pay off , help my brother out , the usual ... I will get around to it . judy Fran , you take care of everybody , except yourself . when we get to New York , you and I be havin ' a girl to girl . you have help I out of more shit than I can name . now it 's pay back . fran ( laugh ) okay , we will talk . judy you bet you sweet ass we will . ( open elevator ) meanwhile , back to the ' pit . ' Judy laugh , enter the elevator and descend from sight . int . mid - section cabin area - day 28 the man see earlier with the computer , board and take he seat . moment later , a heavy - set woman find she seat alongside he . as she attempt to stow some of she luggage in the over - head , several souvenir slide from a bag , hit the small computer , rest on the man 's lap . startle , he grab the computer , look up angrily at the woman . he then stow the machine beneath he seat . woman ( defensive ) well I be sorry . I do not do it on purpose . the man ignore she , the woman , still mumble , settles uncomfortably into she seat , make sure to avoid any further contact with he . 29 30 31 32 11 . ext . 747 taxi and take - off sequence - day 29 the massive aircraft taxi into position and hold . we hear the radio chatter between the cockpit and the con - trol tower as final run - up test be perform . when the final clearance have be give , the engine be push to near red-line , the exhaust obscure the run - way in a shimmer wall of heat . within two mile , the plane be near 150 mph and beginning to lift as million of pound of air be suck into the scream engine . a moment later the plane clear the runway , pull magnificently into the sky . int . 747 cockpit - day 30 as the plane bank , turn into its outward course , we hear the final course assignment and weather condition from the tower . a sense of calm settles over the cockpit , the crew adjust for the long flight . int . 747 forward cabin area - day 31 the " fasten seatbelt " sign wink off , the attendant and passenger settling into they in - flight routine . Mo - ment later a man leave he seat and we follow he leg as he walk down the aisle , stop at a seat , the photojournalist casually look up before return to he magazine . the man , wear horn -rimm glass , hair and mustache salt and pepper gray , skin slightly clay - like , look like a conservative businessman or professor . he open the overhead , remove one of the camera bag . the man move on , towards the mid-cabin bathroom . int . bathroom - day 32 the grey-haire man stare into the mirror before remov - ing he glass , pull free he wig , revealing black , slicked - back hair . use a towel he wipe the makeup from he face , look back at himself in the mirror : Ali Hassan . he remove from the camera bag two 6x7 reflex camera . turn they over , he tear away the basis , a expertly mold and paint section of plaster , revealing the slide of two automatic pistol . he then remove two camera pistol grip , pull each away from its unit , expose fire pin and hammer mechanism . he unscrew a 500 mm mirror lens . behind a dummy photo of the iris , be secrete bullet in a long roll of lead foil . he contin - ues to assemble the weapon ... 33 34 35 12 . int . forward cabin area - day 33 Ali leave the bathroom . he pass another arab in the aisle , hand he one of the weapon , secrete in a magazine . this man walk to the front of the plane and ascend the staircase . at the same time , a third arab leave he seat , walk to the forward galley area . he wait until the atten - dant leave she station and then slip into the elevator . int . lower forward galley area - day 34 the door to the elevator burst open as the third terror - ist storm into the galley , slamm Judy across the chest , knock she unconscious against the bulkhead , she head strike the counter with a sicken thud as she fall . the terrorist begin tear into the food cart scat - tering several of the trays to the floor . a moment later he find what he be look for , several automatic weapon and two grenade , hide among the row of food trays . int . upper deck - business CLASS - cockpit area - day 35 the terrorist approach the cockpit door , a attendant , work in business class see he . attendant Sir , the bathroom be to the right . he nod . as she turn back to she work , the terrorist pull from he pocket a small wedge of plastic explo - sive with a fuse attach . press the plastic into the seam by the door latch and pull the igniter , he calmly step back , revealing he handgun . a sharp explosion blast the door free from the lock . as the startle passenger watch in shock , the terrorist rush inside , brutally pistol - whipping the flight engineer as he stand , then press the muzzle into the pilot 's neck . expertly the terrorist reach up , turn off several overhead switch , and then turn to the navigator 's station , shutting down the radio and radar . he hand the captain a sheet of paper . terrorist you new course , Captain . careful , I ama pilot . no trick . 36 37 13 . int . lower passenger level - day 36 the passenger reacting in confusion to the sound of the explosion . Ali walk past a U.S. navy serviceman , now start to rise to he foot . Ali turn , firing twice , point - blank into the man 's chest , the high - caliber bul - let rip through the seat , also kill a woman sit - ting behind the sailor . behind he there be a crash . Ali spin , raise he weapon , stop as he see a attendant , nancy , back into the partition , hold she hand over she face , she eye wide with fear and horror . Ali study she , calmly , appraisinlgy and then dismiss she , hand the weapon to kahlil , the photojournalist . as if he point have be make , Ali walk swiftly down the aisle , not bother to look at another passenger . somewhere in the main cabin , a hand grip a .357 Magnum , partially remove from a belt holster , hesitates before return the revolver . carefully , the man 's hand unsnap the holster , slide it and the gun down to he foot where it be secrete in a dress boot , pants leg cover it . next he Federal i.d. wallet be slip between the seat . a wave of fear roll through the passenger as they con - front the horrible reality -- hijacked . in a series of shot , we see passenger quickly hide jewelry , watch , Star of David medallion , passport , diamond ring . int . mid - section work station - day 37 as a terrorist , shouting in Arabic , push Fran and Nancy into the station , shove they roughly into they jump seat . as Fran sit , she look up , see the passenger manifest , hang from the wall . her eye go to a name : Edward strickler , 13 -b , United States fed - eral Air marshal . as the terrorist turn he back , she pull the manifest from the clipboard , slip it into a trash receptacle . she look up , just as Ali step into the space . he remove he suit coat , hang it over some work apron on the bulkhead . lift the intercom handset from the wall , he speak calmly , in perfect English . ali hassan my name be ' Al igqab . ' ina few hour we will return to London , refuel and then travel to the Middle East . you be to remain in you seat and do as you be tell . anyone disobey my order will be shot . ( continued ) 37 38 39 40 41 14 . continued : 37 he hang up as kahlil appear . kahlil I will start separate the man and collect the passport . Ali consider this a moment and then answer in English , catch Fran 's stare , look into he cold , calculate eye as he do . ali there be no need for that . keep they seat and maintain security . I be go to the cockpit . he stare at Fran a moment and then turn away from kahlil , leave the area , Fran see a expression of confusion on kahlil 's face . ext . american embassy ( london ) - morning 38 establishing shot of the embassy , grosvenor Square . int . american embassy - MAIN reception desk - morning 39 where a young assistant answer a ringing telephone . assistant good morning , american embassy . int . phone booth - day 40 Piccadilly Square visible in the b.g. a glove hand place a mini tape recorder next to the handset , a finger press the play button . ali hassan ( v.o. ) ( filter ) this be Al iqab . in fifteen minute a clear message of my conviction will be deliver to the satanic american president . ext . financial district ( london ) - day 41 alive with mid-morn activity . we focus on a posh , glass wall restaurant . 42 43 43a 15 . int . london restaurant - day 42 businessman and lady tailore in saville row fashion wait patiently to be seat . a dark - complect man , early 20 , wear a shabby overcoat , push through the patron , past the maitre D ' and into the main dining area , oblivious to the indignant stare and murmured comment . the maitre d' , offended at this incursion follow after he . maitre D ' ( indignant ) Excuse I , Sir , but may I help you ? the man reach the center of the restaurant . maitre d' do you have a reservation ... the man turn , the maitre d' stare into the glaze eye of death . in that freeze moment , the maitre d' notice the man be sweat heavily , he breathe shallow . the man slowly open he coat , revealing a canvas vest to which be tape a dozen block of plastic explosive , fuse and wire together in series . he hold out he arm , revealing a detonator switch , crudely tape to he palm , two wire run up he sleeve . a freeze moment of hesitation and then the man , lift he face , eye roll upward , scream something in Arabic and press the detonator ... ext . restaurant - aerial view - day 43 a fireball flash through the atrium , a tidal wave of flame and glass erupting into the street , follow by the deafen thunderclap of the explosion . int . bedroom - night 43a the silence shattered by the ringing of a telephone . a bedlamp be switch on , a hand grop for the phone . a bedside clock indicate 3:30 a.m. subtitles : georgetown , WASHINGTON , D.C. 3:30 am answer be david grant , 32 , intelligent , introspective , and by the way he force he mind into activity , not unaccustom to awakening in the dead of night . ( continued ) 43 a 44 45 45 a 46 47 47a 16 . continued : 43a grant hello ... yes ? ( listen ) when ? just a second ... ( begin to jot down item on a pad ) I be on my way . he hang up , shaking the sleep from he brain . he think a moment and then pick up the phone , punch in a number . omitted 44 & 45 ext . virginia beach - night ( first light ) 45a a man dress in gray sweat be run hard , push himself down the hardpack sand , sprinting the last quarter mile . subtitles : virginia beach , virginia 5:30 am in close we meet colonel austin travis , leader of a elite special force commando team , early 5as , gray hair , still hard and lean , a man of incredible drive and endurance . reaching a set of stair he stop , check he watch . satisfied he head up the stair ascend a grassy bluff , take the step three at a time . omitted 46 & 47 int . travis ' bedroom - night ( first light ) 47a tastefully furnish , french window open onto a deck overlook the beach and the sweeping hillside below . Travis enter and sit down on a multi-station fitness machine , grasp a overhead bar and beginning a series of gut crunch couple with pull -up . from the bathroom a woman 's voice call out , cheerful , playfully . ( continued ) 17 . 47a continued : 47a voice ( 0.s. ) ( mock -scold ) uh , uh , Colonel . you do not have time for that . shower 's free , hurry up . travis ( grunt ) for what ? from the door lynn travis , late 40' , athletic , short bobbe hair , in tennis tog , appear . lynn travis we have get double with Tom and Karen at seven . Breakfast at the club and then the house in Little Creek , which you have be put off see for a week . now get in here . she throw a towel at he . overhead we hear the faint thumping sound of a helicopter pass by . Travis listen , judge the distance and type of aircraft by habit . he return to Lynn , smile . travis ( teasing ) Hell , I think that be tomorrow . I already make plan to run into D.C. , drop by the pent ... lynn travis oh , no . as of 0:600 this morning , you be on leave , mister , thirty day , in preparation for reassignment to staff headquarters . ( beat ) just where I want you , a nine to fiver , like it or not . and the next thirty day be go to be devote exclusively to I ... the sound of the helicopter have increase . through the curtain Travis see a blurred movement over the beach , a army 500c helicopter feathering out , settling to earth . Lynn stare at the helicopter , face stricken , hand move defensively to she breast . a officer in camouflage fatigue run towards the house , a briefcase under he arm . Travis turn , look at Lynn , see once again the look of betrayal , resignation , he have see from she so many time before . unable to speak she break away , enter the bathroom . 48 49 18 . int . pentagon - hallway - night 48 Travis and he staff Officer hurry down the hallway , Travis read from a top secret briefing . travis have Delta be alert ? staff officer yes , sir . warning order in force , they should be on the tarmac at Fort bragg by 0:800 . travis then let 's go see what the hell this be all about . int . anteroom - night 49 outside the Joint Chiefs Operations Center , where peter cahill , early forty , intellectual , slightly hyper , wear - ing a crumpled corduroy suit and yesterday 's shirt , be gulp coffee from a large paper cup . he look as if rouse from sleep , only minute ago . a portable computer rest at he foot . Travis and he staff Officer appear , cahill look up . the two man stare at each other and then cahill rise . cahill Colonel Travis ? Travis study he , remember . he nod . travis cahill . the Jules verne kid from Advanced project Research . two year ago , right ? that screwball experimental airplane you be try to justify to the Appropriations Committee . what the hell be it call , ' ramona ? ' cahill ( quietly ) ramora . travis ramora . right . ( look at he hard ; puzzle ) what the hell be you do here ? 49 k 49b 50 19 . int . pentagon - waiting room - night 49 k spartan but tastefully furnish . in the center of the room three man be converse in hushed tone . general mike sarlow , head of isa , the army 's CIA , be speak while captain david grant , now dress in a army uniform , study carefully the reaction of a arab diplomat , late 50' , compassionate but penetrate eye , wear a expensively tailore English suit . sarlow there must be some way to contact they . someone he will listen to . arab diplomat ( cautious ) jaffa be a pariah to the arab community , a total threat to any hope we have of peace in the Middle East . no one will have anything to do with he publicly . sarlow I realize that , but we must try . arab diplomat I will do everything possible . but there be no one politically to deal with except Ali Hassan . and he be a true believer . he will be difficult to deal with . a very dangerous man . sarlow look at grant for he assessment , receive a solemn nod of agreement . int . pentagon - anteroom - night 49b some distance down the hallway , a door open and sarlow , grant and the arab diplomat emerge . Travis watch as they briefly shake hand , the diplomat leave , escort by a wait Pentagon official . sarlow and grant turn and walk towards the anteroom . as they approach , Travis appraise they carefully just as the door to the operation center swing open , a CIA officer appear . CIA officer gentlemen . int . operation CENTER - night 50 the emergency operation center of the Joint Chiefs , five storey underground , a huge oval - shape room on two level . ( continued ) 50 20 . continued : 50 the lower level be devote to a massive communication center , a intricate collection of telephone , computer , and printer manned by military operator . on the wall be a bank of television set , flanke by huge screen onto which map , computer data and video image may be project . the President 's crisis - management team stand before one of the overhead screen on which we see a map of Europe , indicate the location of the 747 , enroute to London . lead the team be GEORGE kaplan , the President 's National Security advisor . with he be director nelson , head of the CIA ( dci ) ; major erwin price , and admiral chester lewis of the Joint Chiefs of staff . along with sarlow , Travis and grant , they listen to another tape recording by Ali Hassan . ali hassan ( v.o . ) ( hard ; clipped ) you have witness the conviction of Al iqab . my instruction will be give once ; no theater , no negotiation . jaffa will be take to gatwick Airport , a long - range private jet provide . with jaffa 's release , Flight 343 will divert to Washington , D.C. where half the prisoner will be exchange for fuel and fifteen million in gold bullion . ( beat ) jaffa must be airborne by three p.m. , g.m.t. , or a second , more convincing message will be deliver . all communication will cease after this message . Kaplan turn to Travis , study he , carefully choose he word before he speak . kaplan Colonel Travis , as you know , the President be out of the country , schedule to meet with the Soviet premiere tomorrow . we be in constant communication with he . he 's be apprise of everything I be about to tell you . Kaplan glance at sarlow and grant . ( continued ) 50 continued : 21 . ( 2 ) 50 kaplan in the past hour , some new , rather disturbing element have surface , possibly call for some extraordinary measure . that 's why you be here . Travis look around at the sober face stare at he . he seem to be the center of attention -- as if he 's the last to be bring in on something . he turn back to Kaplan . kaplan the immediate situation be this . the Prime Minister be demand jaffa 's release or he will take action on he own . we be go to comply , to gain some time , at least . ( to sarlow ) General sarlow ? general sarlow a number of arab faction be willing to attempt negotiation with jaffa 's group , but unless the highjacker elect to make contact , we option be severely limited . ( look at grant ) I be go to ask Captain grant to continue . he 's the best expert we have on arab terrorist , and he 's be on the highjack since we first learn of it . grant address the group but focus on Travis , again as if this be for he benefit . grant refer to a series of document take from he briefcase . grant base upon a voice print , I be certain ' Al iqab ' be Ali Hassan , jaffa 's second in command . for such a high -ranking member to actually be in charge be highly unusual . he pause , Travis cautiously acknowledge . travis yes , highly unusual . ( continued ) 50 22 . continued : ( 3 ) 50 grant then I be sure you would also agree , Colonel , that take hostage to spring jaffa make sense , but not come here . they can secure he release and never leave Europe . again , Travis stare coolly at grant . travis obviously Hassan be up to something . grant jaffa know he effectiveness as a terrorist be over and be in the process of portray himself a moderate , another Arafat . but Ali have always represent the hard line , fundamental position . ( beat ) Rather then take a mossad bullet in the head he would rather go out strike a blow at the great Satan . the sword of God 's will . ( beat ) his nom de guerre , ' Al iqab , ' be deeply roote in Arabic culture , associate with suicidal vengeance . it mean : " the punishment . ' travis so , what 's the punch line ? grant refer to a open folder before he . grant less than a week ago , a small Russian army convoy be ambush outside of ashkhabad , near the iranian border . ten man be kill , a truck hijacked . he place several satellite photograph on the table , show the burn wreckage of several jeeps and soldier lie on the road . grant Recent intelligence give we strong reason to believe jaffa 's group be responsible . ( beat ) the cargo of that truck consist of 42 canister of dz - 5 , be relocate to a secret storage facility . ( continued ) 50 23 . continued : ( 4 ) 50 Travis stiffen slightly at the mention of the word . grant dz - 5 be the latest generation of a biogenic nerve toxin , far more lethal than any chemical weapon we have ever see ... he place several photograph on the table show Middle Eastern tribesman and soldier , lie in contort and misshapen heaps ; one photograph show a kurdish tribe - woman clutching a baby , they face freeze mask of agony , gasp for they last breath of life . travis ( sober ) I be aware of its capability , Captain . grant stop , he briefing finish for the moment . he look to director Nelson , the dci , who pick up a computer printout . dci a cross -check of the passenger and cargo manifest , Colonel , indicate a shipment of ' art object , ' lead pottery , 250 kilo in weight , on board Flight 343 ... ( beat ) the point of origin , final destination and the person assign to that shipment be all non - existent . Kaplan now resume , but Travis clearly understand the situation , grant carefully study he reaction . kaplan we have to consider , Colonel Travis , the strong possibility that gain the release of jaffa be only the first phase of a larger plan ... travis ( grave ) a major strike against the U.S. again grant speak up , refer to he note . he be obviously well prepare for this briefing . ( continued ) 50 51 through 53 24 . continued : ( 5 ) 50 grant assume only 10 canister , airburst over Washington ... we could expect between 50,000 to 100,000 death . anything inside a hundred mile of the coastline would be disastrous . a freeze moment and then Kaplan look directly at Travis . kaplan ( gravely ) meaning , Colonel Travis , if this scenario be true , the President would have no other choice but to order the plane destroy . travis ( confuse ) yes , sir , no other choice . but I be at a loss , Mr. Kaplan . if this be all true , where do my team fit in ? Kaplan glance at grant , then to the dci . kaplan because , we have be tell we may have another option , Colonel . which do concern you . ( to Nelson ) let 's get on with it , gentleman . Nelson nod to one of he aide who leave the room . omitted dci it 's a wild card , Colonel , but under the circumstance , it 's all we have get . you have already meet , I think , Peter cahill , a aeronautical engineer at darpa , a pioneer in stealth technology ... 51 through 53 54 25 . int . operation CENTER - day 54 close on a video screen where a computerize blueprint be display , a draw of a double - wall , ovoid cylinder , at the top of which be a inner and outer o-ring device : a series of circular , sucker - like cup , attach to a collection of pneumatic pump . the image change , a engineer 's draw , show the cylinder , similar to a submarine 's con tower , attach to the top of a radically design executive - style jet with stealth characteristic , feature sweep - back wing and a horizontal , rather than vertical , tail . another draw show the cylinder telescope upward , several time its original size , the delivery plane now position beneath and mate with a aircraft many time its size , a giant xb - 70 bomber . suddenly Travis get the picture , understanding where he fit into the loop . travis Jesus H. Christ ... all eye be on Travis . travis Excuse I , Mr. Kaplan , but I see where you be go with this . my team be thoroughly verse in carry out assault on hijacked aircraft . but on the ground , not five mile above the earth . ( beat ) I inform Mr. cahill two year ago that we have little use for this ' aircraft 's in special ops . this thing be design to transfer flight crew to and from strategic bomber , require special adaptation to the aircraft . ( look at cahill ) its application with a civilian aircraft be dismiss as pose too great a risk to the passenger . a hijacked aircraft eventually have to land somehwere where we can deal with it ... Travis realize the irony of he last statement , even before Kaplan speak up . ( continued ) 54 continued : 26 . 54 kaplan this do appear to be the exception to the rule . ( beat ) we say this be a wild card , Colonel . but if you team can board that airplane , determine if there be a bomb and take control of the situation , we at least have a fight chance . otherwise , four hundred and six passenger will have to be sacrifice . ( sober ; intense ) the President do not want to shoot down that plane , Colonel ... but he will . he cannot risk 50,000 american life . ( beat ) in he word this be a hail Mary pass . he have no other option . Kaplan continue to look at Travis . travis how much time ? grant speak up . grant you have to be airborne within the hour . Travis think a moment and then nod , the soldier 's acceptance of duty . he look at cahill . travis one question . you have enough confidence in this gadget to stake you life on it , under this circumstance ? cahill it 's be modify ... the pump 's much stronger ... even without the mate collar there be a appropriate hatch on the 747 and the wide surface area of the aircraft should be sufficient for a link - up ... ( beat ) I would have to say I have extreme confidence in its application , even under the less than optimum circumstance . ( continued ) 54 54a 27 . continued : ( 2 ) 54 travis well , good . because I want you to go along . I do not want anything leave to chance . cahill be stunne . he start to speak but a wither look from the dci shut he up . cahill look sick . Kaplan speak up , deal he last card . kaplan I think one addition to the team be call for , Colonel . a expert in Arabic dialect , someone who have make a careful study of Ali 's life , who know how he think , how he operate ... Travis turn and look at grant , they eye lock . this be unanticipate by grant and he face show it . the Major - General , Travis 's boss speak up . major-general I see absolutely no need for Captain grant 's involvement in the actual operation . he can accomplish a advisory role right from here in Operations . kaplan on the contrary , General , I think he actual presence could prove crucial . Captain grant might be able to forecast something Ali be go to do , before he do it . major -general Mr. Kaplan , it 's go to be difficult enough for the Colonel and he man ... Travis speak out . travis Excuse I , General . i'11 take he . he could prove useful . he fix grant with a look that say , " okay , let 's see how you handle the real thing . " ext . airforce base - OPEN jeep - dawn 54a move swiftly across the flight line , pass hangar and military aircraft . ( continued ) 54 a 28 . continued : 54a Travis 's special force driver be at the wheel , Travis in the front seat , grant in the rear . grant , windblown and chill , seem uncomfortable and nervous , a mark change from he confident bear at the Pentagon . Travis turn in he seat . travis curious why I do not vote against you come , Captain ? grant be curious but remain silent . travis because this whole operation be you idea , be not it ? you little brainstorm . the look on grant 's face say it all . grant that 's what I get pay for , Colonel . travis and my boy get pay for put it on the line . I be not fault you idea , Captain . like Kaplan say , under the circumstance it 's a brilliant plan . and crazy enough that it just might work . ( beat ) except we know we should not be do it in the first place , do not we ? grant ( uncomfortable ) I be not sure I follow you , sir . travis then I will enlighten you . where you intel boy fuck up be cooking up this hare - brain scheme to put jaffa on trial in the first place . grant you be mistaken , Colonel . we have nothing to do with jaffa 's abduction ... ( continued ) 54 a 29 . continued : ( 2 ) 54a travis oh , horse shit . I know a hell of a lot more about what go on in you world than you think . it be a c.i.a. op , a executive decision from the beginning . we both play for the same team , Captain . the only difference be , you do not have to pull the trigger . grant I have no involvement with that operation , Colonel . ( beat ) but I agree with it in principle . jafa be a international criminal and have to be bring to justice . Men like that have to know they be not beyond the reach of the law . travis Law ? the only law animal like jaffa and Ali understand come from the end of a gun . ( beat ) you should have kill they all when you have the chance . grant reflect on this . grant well , that 's all a moot point , be not it ? no matter what , jaffa be home free . a cold look from Travis . travis do not count on it , Captain . the Jeep pull to a halt beside a massive hangar , just as a ch-46 helicopter roar into view over the top , quickly settling to the tarmac , Travis and grant turn to avoid the prop wash . emerging from the helicopter be seven man , wear watch cap , dark green pullover , black cargo - pockete pants , and light weight , crepe-sol boot . quickly they unload dark duffel bag and abs plastic suitcase . Travis swing from the Jeep , leave grant behind , make he way to the team . they cluster momentarily , Travis warmly greeting they . ( continued ) 54 a 30 . continued : ( 3 ) 54a grant see a very close - knit , highly motivate and bond team , but he see as well the fear in they eye , the adrenaline rush , and as they glance towards he , the automatic distrust of outsider . travis ( shouting ) outstanding , gentleman . any problem ? one of the man , baker , good - nature , wide beam face speak up . baker ( shouting ) almost miss cappy . caught he in he driveway , pole in he hand , head for the key . Travis look across at cappy , 48 , black , lean , chisele , intelligent feature , wear in contrast to the other a black insulate jumpsuit , cover with dozen of pocket and pouch . on he head be a floppy fatigue hat , several trout fly in the brim . cappy ( shouting ) damn near make it , too . several of the man look up , see grant as he approach . Travis turn , look at grant . travis boy , this be Captain grant , i.s.a . he 's along in case we get into any serious trouble . let 's go . we will brief in flight . the man pick up they gear , walk towards the hangar . another of the man , a wiry , intense chicano , nickname " rat " for he expertise in surreptitious entry , look around he , search for something . rat Colonel , I do not see the support van . be we takin ' it ? travis not this time , Rat . we be travel light . the huge door begin to part ... 55 55 a 31 . int . hangar ( AIR force base ) - day 55 as the door rumble open , the man walk forward , casting long backlit shadow before they as they step through the hangar door . they stop , stare at something inside the cavernous hangar . baker what the hell be that ? charlie ( pilot 's drawl ) well , it be not make the cover of popular mechanic . reverse angle 55 a we see a hawk - like aircraft of black , anodize titanium , so rakish and streamline it look almost in flight just sit on the ground . a flight crew , finish last minute service and check on the high - tech bird , remove they service equipment , the pilot enter the craft . as the team approach the plane , cahill appear from inside . he call out to Travis , gesture towards the man . cahill ( shouting ) too much weight ! never design for this many -- never get off the ground ! ( beat ) and we be run late . for every minute we be here , we have to make up ten in the air . get to go ! Travis turn to the man , point to the equipment . travis ( shouting ) cut it down ! Close - quarter weapon , bomb kit , detection and surveillance gear , and the sleep agent . dump the rest ! let 's go ! immediately the team begin digging through the equip - ment , take only the essential item , leave the rest on the hangar floor . as Travis and grant stand next to each other , Travis 's Driver appear . driver Sir , I have you call to s.a.s command in London . ' cousin Reggie ' be on the scrambler . grant seem very curious as Travis take the call ona sat - com briefcase unit , but Travis 's word be drown out as the powerful engine on the jet begin to power up . 56 57 57a 58 59 32 . ext . runway - day 56 the delivery plane have taxi into position and hold , engine whining . the plane pivot hard , aim down the runway , the engine revving to full burner , heat wave obscuring frame as the jet accelerate ... omitted 57 int . military base ( england ) - prison cell - day 57a where in the dim light of the cold cell , jaffa sit on he bunk , dress in gray overall . suddenly the heavy steel door swing open and several american mps enter , pull jaffa to he foot , put he in handcuffs . as the startle jaffa be lead from he cell , he see a american diplomat , stare at he coldly from the hallway . as he 's ushere down the hall , jaffa realize something significant have take place . ext . english countryside ( near london ) - day 58 a convoy of U.S. and british military vehicle fly past on a country highway , the access road block by military police . a sign read : " london 150 km " be see in the f.g . in the third vehicle from the lead , jaffa sit in a armored Range Rover , surround by soldier , the diplo - mat seat beside he . int . delivery plane - day 59 we pull back to reveal the interior , spartan but func - tional . fold -down jump seat accommodate the team , the rear of the jet devote to rack of miniaturized elec- tronic and navigational gear . the predominant feature of the jet , however , be the dome-like appendage swell from the ceiling near the cockpit . a pressurize hatch be locate in the center of the dome , surround by a series of gauge , lever and switch . the ship be intermittently buffete by turbulence , obviously not the best of fly condition . the man be intense and highly focus as they listen to Travis ' briefing of the bizarre mission they be about to undertake . grant be obviously the outsider , sit near the rear of the aircraft . ( continued ) 59 33 . continued : 59 travis the stake be high on this one , gentleman , the most important mission we have ever be hand . this assault be untest and carry more than the usual element of chance , but under the circumstance , it 's the only chance that people on board have . a quick look to grant , then to cahill . travis otherwise , it 's a standard suppression op , just as if we have board on the ground . ( beat ) all right , let 's go through it . Baker . Baker turn to a video screen , part of a portable high - tech communication and tracking system . he plot a simulate course , show a intercept point of the 747 and the delivery plane over the Atlantic . baker the 747 's transponder and radar be off , but the e2 now have a fix on they . we intercept should be about here , roughly a hour out of London . ( beat ) that give we four hour on board before she reach the hundred mile limit . travis give I that schematic . Baker snap a explode - view cell , show the 747 in intricate detail , into a light box . the team study the glow , back - light schematic . travis grant , you be up after Baker , find a hole and sit tight while Baker set up the intercom link with the Pentagon . sleep - agent be next . Rat , five bottle on the port manifold , Charlie , five on starboard . grant 's voice break in , draw several annoyed look from the man . ( continued ) 59 continued : 34 , ( 2 ) 59 grant Excuse I , Colonel ... you be use sodium chloral - hydrate ? travis ( surprised ) you have do you homework . any problem with that ? grant in the test of s.c.h . I have be brief on , the effect on most subject be a gradual drowsiness for about thirty second before unconsciousness . travis ( curious ) correct . what 's you point ? grant thirty second may be too long . Ali be highly intelligent , act instinctually , by nature suspicious of everything . the slight indication he mission have be comprise could result ina disastrous reaction on he part . Travis consider this . travis good point . Baker ? baker I can increase the saturation . it will put em out instantly but it 's pretty risky . we could lose someone before we cycle the gas out . Travis look at grant . travis increase it . we will take the chance . catman , you ready to fly it ? catman , smooth , confident , a pilot 's manual for a 747 open on he lap , look up . ( continued ) 59 continued : ( 3 ) catman 35 . 59 once we clear the flight crew from the cockpit , no problem . should be on auto pilot but even if it be not , plane pretty well fly itself . travis once we have get control , Rat , you and cappy start the sweep through the forward baggage compartment . if we find a bomb we divert . Baker . catman ( check he map ) s.a.c. base at mcneil , Greenland be we best bet . rat and if this bitch have a cappy , resolve , open a fold , case contain a fantastic array he look up . cappy well then , I guess you all mine . a sober moment pass through the travis all right . that 's it . you equipment . short fuse ? three -section soft of miniature bomb tool . ass be group . see to grant look over at cahill , busily at work on a small , calculator - like device . grant last minute calculation ? cahill ( sheepishly ) no . Three - dimensional chess . I do not do well with fly . have to keep distract . the Pilot 's voice break in , hear over speaker in the cabin . ( continued ) 59 36 . continued : ( 4 ) 59 pilot ( v.o. ) the e-2 be vectore we into a intercept with the 747 now . estimate contact in thirty - eight minute . anxious face look up and then the team return to pack and prepare equipment . Travis , near the cockpit , be busily type on a satellite transceiver unit , a high - tech computer phone unit , house inside a black aluminum case . he enter a command and a small plastic strip , a magnetic code key , emerge from a slot . he close the case , motion for grant . travis you will run the intel -board , mike , microwave scanner and video probe . thing run to plan , you be just along for the ride . he give grant the mag-key , matter of factly . travis hang on to this . access key for a scramble transmission I be expect . Little arrangement with cousin Reggie in England . you will need this to patch I through . code name be ' executive decision . ' grant nod , put the code - key deep inside he shirt pocket . Travis look at he , study he . he grin . travis by the way , good call on the sleep agent . ( beat ) you be the expert on Ali . tell I , aside from freeing jaffa and kill a lot of innocent Americans , what do he hope to gain from all this ? grant if the attack on Washington be successful , sometime in the aftermath , with Americans at the peak of they outrage , no doubt certain undeniable information would be leak to the West . travis leaked ? ( continued ) 59 60 61 37 . continued : ( 5 ) 59 grant by Ali . set up before he suicide . information implicate the country who supply Ali the nerve gas , the bomb , the diplomatic support need to get the highjacker on board . so damn , so ... travis that the U.S. would be force to retaliate . grant in Ali 's mind , hopefully so swiftly and devastatingly , maybe even nuclear , that a Pan -arabic war would result , the focus at the only plausible target in the region , Israel . travis and restore jaffa as a lead power in the region as well . very clever . grant inspiration bear of desperation . travis sound familiar , do not it ? they look at each other , a new level of respect for they situation pass between they . ext . 747 - day 60 the huge plane move majestically onward on its course across the Atlantic . int . 747 cabin area - day 61 Silent as a tomb . terrorist armed with automatic weapon be station at various location on the plane . all of the window shade have be pull down . a terrorist armed with a automatic weapon , pistol and grenade , move slowly down the long corridor , he eye glaring at the passenger , who sit terrify , unable to move or speak . ( continued ) 61 38 . continued : 61 he pass the mid-cabin area where Ali Hassan and two other have set up a monitoring station , adapt to the plane 's gut telephone system , consist of a short - wave radio , over which can be hear a news broadcast , and alongside it , a military field radio . as the guard near the front of the plane , he walk past a terrorist , drag the two murder passenger , now cover in blood -stain blanket , into one of the forward bathroom . we focus on the parent of Karen and david , whisper to each other in urgent voice . wife I want they here , with we . husband no . they be insane . they have already kill two people . we be go to sit here ... wife and do what ? the terrorist guard pass by they , then past Karen and David . as he do , Karen look across at the two Greek boy , silent , terrify , the priest beside they deep in prayer , eye close , prayer bead move through he finger . one of the boy notice she , stare back at she with frighten eye . suddenly , on impulse , Karen stand , move into the aisle . her brother react , startle . david ( under he breath ) Karen ! what be you do ! get back here ! but Karen stand in the aisle , hold out to the Greek boy a nintendo game , the boy remain freeze , stare at she . two row back , Karen 's mother look up , see Karen in the aisle , start to rise when she husband 's hand come down firmly on she arm . husband ( stern whisper ) no ! do not move . slowly they lean out , try to get Karen 's attention without alert the guard . ( continued ) 61 39 . continued : ( 2 ) 61 as Karen hold out the game , the Greek boy reach out to accept it ... a gun barrel flash into view , the game snatch from she hand . terrify face freeze in place , priest , child , parent , passenger , as the terrorist guard stare at the game . angrily he shove Karen aside , shouting at she in Arabic . as Karen begin to cry , she father , unable to restrain himself , lunge from he chair . father you son of a ... the terrorist spin , slamm the butt of he rifle into the father 's chest , drive he back into he seat . instantly the barrel of the rifle be press hard into he windpipe , cut off he air , the father beginning to choke . his wife reach out , desperately , plead ... wife please , you be choke he ... please stop it ! but the terrorist press harder , a angry sneer across he face , a very ugly situation about to get worse ... suddenly a hand reach out , grasp the gun barrel . startle the terrorist look up into Ali 's face . Ali pull the gun away , carefully back the guard into the aisle , speak softly to he in Arabic . the terrorist settles but glare back in anger at the father . Ali kneel to the floor , pick up the game . he examine it and then hand it to the Greek boy . he help Karen into she seat , speak to she in English . ali you must stay in you seat . he gently rough she hair , look up into the freeze face of she parent , and then into the face of a dozen other passenger , all stare at he , humble with fear . as Ali look from face to face he see , perhaps for the first time , the people , the human soul , who be destine to die with he in he desperate statement to the West . he grow agitate and then speak out , almost as a parent to a child explain why the child must be punish . ali I be not you enemy . ( beat ) you have be betrayed by you own leader ... the supporter and instigator of the Zionist occupation of my homeland . ( more ) ( continued ) 61 62 40 . continued : ( 3 ) 61 ali ( cont 'd ) ( beat ) I be but a instrument of God , a messenger of he will . in my hand he have place the sword of Islam and command I ... he stare into the freeze face , paralyze in fear . he relax , smile slightly . ali but you have nothing to fear . God 's mercy be bestow upon the innocent and the righteous . with a last look he turn and move down the aisle . int . forward galley area - day 62 Fran , Nancy and two other attendant , sit in they jump seat . Fran warily eye the terrorist as he pass by , the other averting he altogether . Fran turn to Nancy , sit next to she , obviously still deeply shake by the murder she witness earlier . fran ( whisper ) Judy 's be down there for four hour . they would not have leave she there alone . something 's wrong . nancy ( whisper ; terrify ) oh God , Fran , be quiet . they be crazy ... sense someone 's presence , Nancy look up , the word freezing in she throat as she look into Ali 's face . ali hassan you will bring food for my man . now . Nancy , freeze with panic , close she eye , unable to move or speak . Ali lean in closer . ali I say , bring food for my man ... but then Ali look up , see the empty clipboard that once hold the passenger manifest . ( continued ) 62 41 . continued : 62 he remove the clipboard , study it , Fran 's eye momentarily go to the trash bin where she hide the manifest . ali ( to Nancy ) the passenger manifest . where be it ? startle , Nancy look up . she have no idea where it be . Ali lean in closer , he face inch from Nancy , now tremble in fear . ali ( menace ) I will not ask you again . where be the manifest ? Fran 's voince break the tension . fran ( 0.s. ) I destroy it . Ali stand back , scrutinize Fran . ali ( bemuse ) destroy . how ? fran the toilet ... ali I see . and why ? Fran hesitates a moment . fran to protect the passenger . ali ( smile ) to protect the Jews . he move closer , scrutinize she , he eye deeply penetrate hers . ali ( quietly ) or , someone else ... Fran be terrify out of she wit but hold she ground . slowly , Ali back away , eye still probing she for the slight betrayal . ( continued ) 42 . 62 continued : ( 2 ) 62 ali brave , but a very stupid , foolish thing to do . ( stare at she ) and totally unnecessary . he replace the clipboard . he gesture to Fran . ali you will bring food for my man . fran ( calmly ) what about the passenger ? they have have nothing to eat or drink ... ali hassan ( smile ) no food , only drink . ( beat ) and , they may use the rear bathroom , accompany by a guard . any suspicious movement , they will be shot . ( beat ) see , I be a generous man . you be free to move about the cabin . but , no more mistake . understood ? fran ( softly ) yes . thank you . I will have to use the elevator . carefully she turn and open the elevator door . as she step inside , Ali stop she , motion for one of the terrorist guard to accompany she . ali no more mistake . 63 int . 747 lower galley - day 63 the elevator door open and Fran emerge , follow by the guard . immediately she eye go to the limp form of Judy , lie against the food cart . she start to move to she side , but the guard stop she with the barrel of he weapon . slowly she push it aside . fran ( quietly weep ) do what you want , I be go to cover she body . ( continued ) 63 64 43 . continued : 63 she turn away from he , take a blanket from a overhead storage compartment . she kneel , a last look at she friend before cover the body . as she stand and turn toward the food cart we see that she eye , fill with tear , also blaze with anger and hatred . int . delivery plane - day 64 Rat attaches a pressure valve to a small stainless steel cylinder , label : " gas agent : sodium chloral-hydrate . " he re-lock the valve , replace the cylinder into a circular , foam - fill nylon carry case . beside he , Charlie open a aluminum case , mark with a wide red stripe . enmesh in foam be a array of highly specialize weapon : a four-shot , high - power taser unit , equip with teflon barb ; lethal - look hand shotgun mount on heavy pistol grip ; a short - barrel impact cannon with several rubber- tip shell . cahill , study the team , turn to Travis , eyeing the . 22 beretta automatic strapped to he chest . cahill why all the gun ? travis hope for the best , plan for the worst , cahill . rat do not sweat it , they be all high -impact , close - quarter weapon . a warning light flash on , announce by a buzzer . the pilot 's voice be hear . pilot ( v.o. ) target acquisition , twenty - five mile and close . initiating approach system . stand by . the man quickly stow they equipment , put on they close - circuit communication unit , consist of headsets and microphone . cahill nervously motion to Travis , and grant to approach the cockpit . cahill once the tunnel be pressurize , I will open the hatch to the 747 . when you be inside , I will go back up and lock it . ( continued ) 44 , 64 continued : 64 Travis interrupt . travis as soon as the hatch to the 747 be open , a alarm will activate in the cockpit . we have to lock off that switch within second or run the risk of be discover . just explain the procedure to Baker ... cahill ( adamant ) you do not understand . open the final hatch be complicated , every phase critical . I can not just tell someone how to do it . unless I can ascertain that the seal be at the proper vacuum , you may not have any mission leave to accomplish . Travis consider this , grant carefully study he . travis okay , cahill . you make you inspection and open the hatches . but Baker be go to be right there behind you . as soon as the 747 be open , you haul ass inside so Baker can lock off that switch . cahill but ... travis then , when we be on board , you can climb back down and close the hatch . cahill be obviously not pleased with the idea of go on board the 747 , even for a few minute , but Travis have the final word . cahill ( hesitant ) all right , but while the pressure lock be open , both plane be vulnerable to explosive decompression . move fast . this be design to be carry out with both plane on automatic pilot . travis add it to the list . ( continued ) 64 65 66 45 . continued : ( 2 ) 64 the pilot 's voice break in . pilot ( v.o. ) target sighted , initiate approach on infra-re . they move forward into the cockpit . int . cockpit delivery plane - day 65 through the windshield can be see the 747 as the delivery plane approach from the rear . the co- pilot pull down a transparent screen , cover the mid-section of the windshield . he activate a infra-re view field , revealing the wind - foil pattern flow over the wing and along the body of the 747 , leave stream contrail in its wake , the engine glow red-black . cahill a infra-re imaging device . the air flow of heat molecular particle , surround the plane . suddenly the plane pitch and rock , encounter a pattern of turbulence as they enter the wake of the 747 . moment later , as if through parting cloud , we see a channel appear , a clear spot underneath the belly of the plane . cahill there , the ' sweet - spot . ' a valley of dead air , like the eye of a hurricane . they stare in awe as the tiny plane be slowly engulf by the huge mass of the 747 above it . ext . 747 - nose - day 66 moving down the cockpit of the massive hull , see the crew inside , panning across the nose of the plane and below . slowly , appear from below , the delivery plane , dwarf by the huge 747 , rise into view , move forward . 66a 67 67a 68 69 46 . int . cockpit - 747 - day 66 a the flight crew quietly monitoring the aircraft 's con - trol and instrument as the craft be buffete by tur - bulence , the terroist guard seat directly behind the captain on a jump seat . the plane be on automatic pilot , the crew totally unaware of the delivery plane 's presence . ext . 747 - belly sideview - day 67 the delivery plane pull forward into position , approach the nose area . suddenly , the two plane be hit by turbulence , the 747 surging downward , the delivery plane darting quickly away . int . cockpit - delivery plane 67a the pilot and co-pilot maneuver the tiny plane into posi - tion beneath the 747 . despite they obvious skill with the aircraft , they be both incredibly tense , the opera - tion require dead on , precision fly . int . MAIN cabin area - day 68 as it be hit by turbulence , the partition , cabinet rattling with the shock . Ali Hassan look around he , a worried look on he face . suddenly the plane be hit again , Ali buckle at the knee , nearly fall . he grab a cabin phone , bead of sweat form on he face . ali hassan ( subtitles ) Ahmed . order the pilot to climb out of this turbulence , immediately . int . 747 cockpit - day 69 the terrorist hang up the phone , turn to the Captain . terrorist begin a ascent to thirty - six thousand foot . the Captain turn to the flight engineer . captain turn on the radar . terrorist no , no radar . just climb . ( continued ) 69 70 71 47 . continued : 69 captain to do that , we will need radar . terrorist no radar ! captain I be still the captain of this plane and the safety of this passenger be my first concern . I be not climb into another air corridor without radar . terrorist ( shouting ) you will obey ! the terrorist cock he pistol , leveling it at the pilot 's head . captain then you would better shoot . ( beat ) better yet , you know all about this plane , you do it . the terrorist hesitates , stare at the pilot . int . cockpit - delivery plane - day 70 recovering from the turbulent air , the pilot begin yet another approach . the delivery plane ease toward the belly of the 757 , fill the windshield . suddenly the 747 drop , the Pilot jerk hard on the yoke , darting the agile craft away from the plunging mass above they . pilot May have enough fuel for one more pass . we should break off , find the tanker and refuel . you call , Colonel , but make it quick . Travis look back at Baker who consult he tac-board . he shake he head , no . Travis turn back to the Pilot . travis stick it . pilot all right , hold on . ext . 747 - day 71 the delivery plane pull back into position . 72 73 74 74z a 75 48 . int . cockpit - delivery plane - day 72 the Pilot hold steady , the belly of the 747 fill the windshield . pilot extend the sleeve . cahill , now seat at he work station beside the hatch , activate a lever , the SOUND of hissing AIR as the hydraulic pump be switch on . ext . 747 - day 73 the docking tower begin to rise from the delivery plane , extend toward the belly of the 747 , a laser - beam sighting device scan along the skin of the plane . int . cabin - delivery plane - day 74 cahill , at he station , be look through a viewer while grasp a control - stick in one hand . Pov - belly of 747 see through viewer 74a powerful light play along the hull as the delivery plane move forward . a small hatch appear in the viewer . as the hatch be center , a red-targeting grid appear over the hatch . a beep be hear . cahill ( v.o . ) steady ... steady . you be right on it ... activate ! int . cockpit - delivery plane - day 75 on the screen in the dashboard a target - image appear , a read - out at the edge indicate close speed and distance . pilot I have the target . prepare for link - up and lock . on the screen , the target grow closer as the Pilot ' land ' the plane into the belly of the 747 . the pilot' voice crack over the speaker . pilot ( v.o. ) engage ! auto-pilot on . cahill instantly pull a lever , the SOUND of powerful suction - pump be activate , fill the cabin . 76 77 78 79 49 . ext . tower - day 76 as the pump be engage , the thick , neoprene collar draw down tight against the skin of the 747 . int . 747 MAIN cabin - day 77 as another wave of turbulence hit , Ali again grab the phone . he be obviously very worried about something . ali hassan ( subtitles ) why be we not climb ! he listen , he face incense at what he hear . he slam down the phone , move towards the front , passenger reacting with new alarm to the heavy buffete the plane be receive at time . int . cabin area - delivery plane - day 78 cahill quickly read a series of gauge on the tower , indicate pressure lock at 5,000 hg in . a hiss of AIR as he throw a switch , pressurize the tunnel . cahill primary tunnel be pressurize and stable . I be go up . Travis motion to Baker who move up behind cahill , Baker hold a stainless steel clip in he hand . travis ( to cahill ) as soon as that final hatch be open , get the hell out of the way . cahill nod , then cautiously release the lock device on the hatch . he push it upward , secure it , expose the interior of the tunnel . int . docking tunnel - day 79 cahill climb up the interior ladder . at the top of the tunnel be a second pressure hatch , isolate the outside collar and the skin of the 747 . this section as well as the hatch be make of clear , plastic , enable cahill to physically examine the suction pump outside . cahill study a series of pressure and vacuum gauge and then use a flashlight , inspect the suction pump , verify that there be a complete seal with the skin of the 747 . ( continued ) 79 80 81 82 50 . continued : 79 just below he , Baker cling to the ladder , poise , ready to move . cahill ( tense ) seal look good . I be equalize the outer chamber . carefully he open a bleed valve , a hiss of AIR as the final link be pressurize . cahill study the gauge , consulting he watch . take a deep breath , he gently open the final hatch , swinging it down into the chamber . cahill I be open the hatch ... he open the hatch , revealing the belly of the 747 and the avionic hatch , surround by the heavy neoprene vacuum - collar . cahill release the lock device on the 747 hatch , lowering it into the tunnel . quickly , urge by Baker , he scramble up the ladder and inside the 747 as Baker follow , quickly place the steel clip over a switch , close it . int . 747 cockpit - day 80 a flash yellow light on the dash wink off . the first Officer thump it with he finger . first officer short . int . 747 avionics room - day 81 running crosswise to the plane , the nerve-center of the aircraft housing the flight recorder , transmitter , receiver and the main electrical connector . cahill climb into the room , reach down to grab a bag . below , Travis stand at the ladder , direct the board . grant follow Baker , who have already begin attach a series of electrical lead to the ship 's power supply in preparation for he equipment . second later , Rat scramble into the room , follow by Charlie . but as Charlie enter the hatch , he pack catch on the clip secure the warning switch , the clip fall unseen into the door frame . int . 747 - forward section - day 82 Hassan walk towards first class and the stairway . 83 84 85 through 87 88 51 . int . 747 cockpit - day 83 the light on the dash wink on again , catch the attention of the Captain and first Officer . the terrorist guard , stand behind they , still hold a gun on the pilot , also notice the light . terrorist what be that light ? the first Officer thump it with he finger . first officer warning light , indicate a open hatch in the avionic room . captain which be impossible with the plane pressurize . must be a short . terrorist where be this room ? first officer about ten foot below we . int . avionics room - day 84 Rat grab a case from the tunnel , swinging it inside . as he turn back he see the open switch on the hatch . frantically he search for the clip , find it in the doorframe . digging it out with he finger , he replace it over the switch . he look up at the ceiling as if in anticipation ... omitted 85 through 87 int . cockpit - day 88 the yellow light on the dash wink off again . captain off again . get to be a short . just then the plane be buffete by turbulence , Ali stumbling into the room . he seem highly agitate . ali why be we not climb ?! 89 89a 89b 90 90 a 52 . int . avionics room - day 89 the team wait a moment for the buffete to cease and then Charlie reach down into the tunnel , pull up one of the electronics case . cappy have just clear the hatch and be start to rise to he foot , both hand on equipment bag , when the plane be hit by windshear , a sudden and violent SHOCK as the plane fall several hundred foot before it bottom out on solid air . with the impact , Rat be throw off balance , he body slamm into cappy , send he airborne across the narrow room . cappy' Pov of room 89 a a dizzying rapid dolly toward a electrical panel con - tain the high voltage bus bar and circuit breaker for the aircraft 's heavy electrical system . back to scene 89b cappy , arm forward , smashes into panel , he right hand splintering a plastic safety cover protect a huge , high voltage fuse , a blind explosion of spark and flame as he hand hit the fuse . instantly , cappy be blow backwards , the back of he neck slamm into the corner of a steel equipment rack . he fall to the floor , he hand smoking , he sleeve on fire . Baker leap on cappy , smother the fire with he body , cappy 's face in contort , agonizing pain , barely resist - ing the primitive urge to scream . int . 747 cockpit - day 90 as the Flight engineer throw a series of switch , pro - viding backup power to the cabin light , blow by the fuse . pilot what the hell ... flight engineer damned if I know . we blow something big . int . delivery plane - cargo area - day 90a a massive SHOCK hit the plane , knock catman , and Doc to the floor . Travis look up into the tunnel , be - gin to climb . 53 . 90b int . 747 cockpit - day 90b the Captain be argue with Ali Hassan . captain +. I be tell you , without radar I can not climb into another corridor fill with east - bound traffic . but if we hit another pocket of windsheer , we could fall ten , twenty thousand foot ... as another wave of turbulence hit , Hassan look around he , at the airframe and then to the pilot . ali hassan climb . turn the radar on . suddenly the other terrorist interject . terrorist ( subtitles ) Ali . it 's a trick . we turn on the radar , they can find we . they will discover we when we turn back . the plan be not to ... ali hassan ( to Captain ) climb . now . turn on the radar . the Flight engineer switch on the radar . Ali 's lieu - tenant be obviously enraged at this infringement of they plan . captain stand -by , we be climb ... he begin to pull back on the control ... 91 int . cockpit - delivery plane - day 91 as a warning buzzer sound . the Pilot check he instrument . pilot load on the sleeve increase ... Jesus , they be climb ! he grab the stick ... 91 a 92 93 94 95 54 . int . tunnel - day 91a Travis , near the top of the tunnel when the plane be hit by a sudden buffete , knock he from the ladder , just as two of the heavy equipment case fall from above , wedge in the tunnel just above he . omitted 92 int . cockpit - delivery plane - day 93 a shrill alarm sound as the plane pitch violently to starboard . co- pilot we be lose pressure on number six pump . go with he , keep climb ! ext . 747 - day 94 the delivery plane sag sharply to starboard , stressing the sleeve and the docking seal . the plane begin to buffet and chatter wildly . int . avionics room - day 95 grant , nearest the tunnel , struggle to pull the case from the tunnel when there be a loud hissing of AIR as one of the pump begin to fail . cahill push he way into the scene , look down into the tunnel . cahill ( panic ) we be lose the seal ! hurry ! with a combine effort , Charlie , Rat and grant , pull the gear from the tunnel and onto the floor , as cahill stare into the tunnel , freeze , listen to the increa - ed volume of hissing . grant frees the last of the gear , see Travis , fight to climb up the ladder . grant extend he arm . grant Colonel ! the hissing increase , the seal threaten to go . Travis look up , realize ... travis Close the hatch ! ( continued ) 95 96 97 98 99 55 . continued : 95 grant hesitates , still extend he arm . travis we be lose it ! Close the god-damn hatch ... with the scream of the fail seal increase by the second , Travis scramble down the tunnel ... int . cabin delivery plane - day 96 Travis at the bottom of the tunnel , grab for the hatch when another buffeting knock he aside . he recover , grab the release . as he do he look up , eye lock with grant 's , a freeze moment , a look from Travis as if he be entrust the rest of the mission to grant . and then ... travis Close the hatch !!! hesitant but obey , grant reach down , close the hatch to the 747 ... but as Travis pull the lower hatched close , the delivery plane pull free from the 747 . the escape pressure turn into a scream of AIR , follow by a thunderous explosion that rip through the plane . as the tower tear loose , the implosion suck Travis through the tower as if a leaf in a gale . ext . delivery plane - day 97 pull violently away from the 747 and begin to tumble out - of-control as it fall a thousand foot , the tower ripping apart , follow by one of the wing . a instant later , the plane disintegrate . ext . e2 - hawkeye radar plane - day 98 Flying on station , tracking the 747 and the delivery plane . we go in on the revolve radar dish . int . e2 - hawkeye radar CENTER - day 99 a operator sit in front of a radar screen , surround by a complex array of radar equipment . on the screen we see the strong , steady blip of the 747 , and the fade blip of the delivery plane . ( continued ) 99 100 56 . continued : 99 operator they be go . int . pentagon - operation CENTER - day 100 the crisis team be fixate on the overhead screen , plotting the course of the two plane , the course of the delivery plane fade , drop away . in a moment it blink from the screen . a radio transmission from the e2 break the stunne silence . e2-operator ( v.o. ) Castle rock , this be Big Eye - 6 . we have lose all contact with hail Mary . the Major - General pick up the microphone . general Big Eye - 6 , this be Castle rock . be delivery accomplish ? e2-operator ( v.o. ) Castle rock , I can not say . hail Mary be attempt delivery when contact be lose . a moment of silence , break by the director 's voice . dci ( quietly ) something must have fail with the airlock and they depressurize . Kaplan turn away from the overhead screen , he eye cold and hard . he address the Admiral . kaplan where be the Task Force , Admiral ? the Admiral point to a location on the situation board . admiral carrier Task Force six have be divert and be head towards a intercept point in the Atlantic . president go to Red alert . contact the President . he look up at the situation board , at the flash dot , advance steadily onward towards the United States . 100 a 100 B 57 . int . 747 avionics room - day 100 a cappy be lie on the floor , he face cover in sweat , writhe in pain as Baker carefully spray antiseptic over cappy 's burn hand and forearm , wrapping the area with gauze bandage . baker best I can do for now . I have get some morphine , take care of that pain . cappy no ... might need I ... get to stay awake ... but as Baker move cappy 's arm across he chest to isolate it , cappy inhale sharply in pain . cappy Baker ... my neck . Whole leave sife ... burn like acid . ( move finger of leave hand ) all down my arm ... alarm , Baker carefully feel behind cappy 's neck , gingerly palpitate down he neck , stop at a point near the shoulder blade . cappy again wince , nearly fainting from the pain . baker there 's a depression , a deformity of C - 7... ( look up ) he 's get a fracture vertebrae . we have get to immobilize he . int . 747 - cockpit - day 100 B the Flight engineer be patiently try to explain to Ali he need to go into the avionic room . flight engineer we do not know what happen . but I have get to go down there , check it out . we could have a fire , anything . ali where be this room ? the engineer point to a hatch on the floor near the rear of the cockpit . ( continued ) 100 B 100c 100d 100e 58 . continued : 100b flight engineer about ten foot below we . ali go ahead . the engineer open the hatch , peer down the narrow ten foot shaft , lead through the stairwell bulkhead and into the avionic room . int . avionics room - day 100c with the hatch above they open , light stream down from above , the man move rapidly for cover , cappy leave where he lay , hide in the shadow . anxious look from the man as they draw they weapon . int . 747 cockpit - day 100d the Flight engineer descend into the tunnel , Ali stand over he , a flashlight in he hand , the terrorist Guard point a gun at he . the engineer look at the gun . flight engineer relax . I be not go anywhere . int . avionics room - day 100e the engineer enter the darken , cramped room , move towards the electrical panel . he shine a tiny flash - light on the break fuse cover , examine the destruction with a puzzle look . suddenly he grow wary , slowly turn , look down at the floor , into the shadow and cappy 's sweat , pain - rack face . he 's about to speak when he look up , directly into Rat 's face , a pistol point at he . dumbstruck the engineer watch as Rat indicate silence , then point to the small american flag on he shoulder . the engineer look around , see other face , stare at he , weapon point . Rat gesture to the panel , then upwards towards the cock - pit , as if to say , " hurry up . " the engineer turn back , throw a switch , replace the fuse , then restore the power to the fuse . again , Rat gesture for silence , offer the '' okay " sign . the engineer numbly nod he understanding and move back to the ladder . he look up into the cockpit , Ali stand above , shine a flashlight on he . the engineer climb the ladder . 100f 101 59 . int . 747 - cockpit - day 100 F the engineer enter the room , close the hatch . the Pilot turn . pilot everything okay down there ? flight engineer huh ? oh , yeah . just a blow fuse . must have be the turbulence . the Pilot seem puzzle by this but the engineer turn and sit at he station , stare at he instrument , still in shock at what he have just see below . int . avionics room - day 101 cappy have be strapped to a blackboard make from a bulk - head panel . cahill , look pale and stunne , watch with grant as Rat and Charlie hold cappy 's head as Baker place a makeshift cervical collar of foam insulation around cappy 's neck . Baker then carefully tape cappy 's head and shoulder to the blackboard . cappy close he eye , rest . a silence descend on the tiny room . charlie ( quietly ) what about Travis , the other ? cahill ( numb ) the plane depressurize . at this altitude , , the airframe would have collapse , like a egg shell . they could not have ... the team be silent , stunne by the reality of they situation . baker now what ? we have get no radio , half the equipment ... charlie we be fuck , that 's what . cahill suddenly panic . cahill they do not know we be here . think we be all dead ... ( more ) ( continued ) 60 . 101 continued : 101 cahill ( cont 'd ) ( realize ) they be go to blow we out of the sky ! cahill turn to they , panic fill he face . cahill we have to negotiate with they . tell they they know about they plot , they will never let they reach the United States . it 's we only chance . Rat , assess they situation , speak up . rat I be in charge , cahill . sit down and shut up . ( beat ) there 's only one thing we can do . take over the plane , let they know we be in command and then land it some place safe . as plan . cahill look at you . there 's nothing leave . you have get no chance . we be the only one who know they be not go to make it . they have to listen ... Rat reach out , grab cahill by the shirt , yanking he forward , nose to nose . rat ( coolly ) get a grip , cahill . ( beat ) we be all in the this together , so just hang with we and do what you be tell . now sit you ass down and stay put . stun but under control , cahill nod , Rat release he . silence settles over the room , the man now realize there be but one choice face they . rat all right . we need to know how many , where they be , how they be armed . ( continued ) 101 61 . continued : ( 2 ) 101 baker we should set up the probe , mike . ( nod to grant ) let the Captain here have a listen . could be a dozen of they , we do not know . rat okay . what 's leave of the gear ? baker not much . no radio , scanner , sleep agent , only half the weapon . we have get fiber optic probe and mike , infra-re goggle , bomb kit . that 's it . rat and no one to fly the plane . what 's we time frame ? Baker consult a plexiglass card , three analog watch indicate elapse time ; time on board ; time to fail safe , the sweep hand move at steady , unstoppable speed . baker unless a change in speed and course , we have get three hour and forty - eight minute . rat all right . we figure out where they be , how to hit em . he point to the power control box on the bulkhead . rat power for light , everything be right here . we blow the light , use infra-re to hit em hard while they be still surprised . ( beat ) let 's get start . again , grant 's cautious warning sound out . grant you be forget something . rat what 's that ? ( continued ) 101 102 62 . continued : ( 3 ) 101 grant the bomb . rat we will worry about that after we take the plane . we can not spare the time to look for it . grant I do not think you can afford not to ... rat ( irritate ) let 's get one thing straight , Captain . you be still along as a advisor . stick with the interprete . when I need you opinion , you will know it . grant it 's more complicated than chain of command . find that bomb be just as important , maybe more , than take over this plane . think about it . from he stretcher , cappy call out . cappy he 's right . get to know if there 's a bomb . ( beat ) could be a pressure switch , timer . try to land the plane , change altitude , anything could set it off . do not know what you be deal with . get to find it . the man look to Rat for a decision . Rat look at cappy , then to grant . he nod . rat we will look for it while we be set up . Charlie , tool and bomb kit . get start . ext . 747 - day 102 move silently above the cloud , 36,000 foot above the Atlantic . 103 104 105 106 107 108 63 . int . 747 cockpit - day 103 the Flight engineer be stare at the hatch on the floor , lead to the avionic room . he look up at the terrorist guard in the doorway and then to the pilot , a look of frustration on he face . he 's die to tell they . int . forward baggage compartment - day 104 Rat , reach the bulkhead lead to the forward galley , use a pair of hydraulically power shear to cut through the wall . int . forward galley - day 105 carefully push aside the bulkhead , Rat , gun in hand , enter the galley . see the blanket on the floor , he pull it back , find the dead attendant . he replace the blanket , go to the elevator door , carefully open it . see that the lift be above he on the main cabin level , he begin to cut the rivet head from the floor use he shear . int . nose of plane - below first CLASS - day 106 where Baker , use a heavily padded , nearly silent electric drill , bore a tiny hole into the ceiling . int . first CLASS cabin - nose section - day 107 close on a section of carpet as the ceramic tip of the drill silently emerge at a forward angle . as we pull back , we realize that the drill have just miss the boot of one of the terrorist guard . a inch in the other direction ... int . nose of plane - below first CLASS - day 108 removing the ceramic bit , Baker insert into one of the two hole he have drill a spike microphone and into the other , a fiber-optic probe . he plug the microphone into he com-unit . on the viewscope he see two huge boot , grossly distort by the wide - angle lens . baker ( under he breath ) shit . ( continued ) 108 109 110 110 a 64 . continued : 108 a moment later , the boot move forward , the form of the terrorist reveal as he walk past the passenger , pause at the work station by the staircase lead to the upper level . baker ( to mike ) get one . first class cabin . w.2z . 63 machine gun , grenade , and 9 mm pistol . as he continue to watch , the terrorist from the cockpit , descend the staircase to talk . Baker switch on a tiny bug mike and we faintly hear the conversation in arabic ... int . avionics room - day 109 grant be seat before a fold - out , portable control panel , a series of light and switch indicate the various location of the highly sensitive spike mike . grant write : " first class " on a piece of tape , stick it on the board . he listen to the conversation in Arabic . grant ( to headset ) sound like one more on guard in the upstairs cockpit and business class area . int . overhead section - day ( minute later ) 110 where Rat , suspend upside - down , attach to a special harness to a thin cable , strung the entire length of the plane , pull himself along on silent roller , a human gondola . the air temperature be cold enough to fog the breath . rat ( to headset ) okay , I will check it out . I be at mid-cabin . hold on ... he stop , twist to he side , push the viewscope probe and mike through a joint in one of the ceiling panel . rat' Pov of the cabin below 110 a see through the wide - angle lens , the row of passenger directly below he . the probe move , revealing more section of the cabin , hold on the mid-section galley area where four terrorist , include Ali Hassan , be gather , listen to the short -wave and military radios . 110b 111 112 through 116 116a 65 . back to scene 110b rat ( to headset ) four in the main cabin , listen to a radio . two other , in the aisle . Machine gun , side arm , grenade . avionics room - day 111 grant be now listen to the conversation in Arabic from the mid-cabin area . grant ( to headset ) they be wait for a report on jaffa 's takeoff from London . sound like they will contact they on they own frequency . omitted 112 through 116 int . mid - cabin work station - day 116a Fran enter and begin prepare coffee . she remove a packet of coffee from a drawer , dump the old coffee filter in the trash . she search for a new filter , and find none , reach to a overhead cabinet , open it . as she do , Ali 's coat , hang over the apron , fall to the floor . as she bend to pick it up , a fold map fall to the floor . Fran can see that it be a aeronautical navigation map , part of the Washington , D.C. area expose . cautiously Fran open the map , see a air corridor approach the Washington airport where the White House and other government building be locate , heavily circle in red marker , the notation : " 2,000 foot , " in handwrite . she study the map and then carefully refold it , replace it in the inside pocket . as she stand , Ali walk into the room . Fran look at the coat . fran I be sorry . it fall when I open the cabinet . ( gesture to open cabinet ) I be get some coffee filter . ( continued ) 116a 117 66 . continued : 116a he reach out , take the coat . he check inside , see the tip of the map in the inside pocket . he reach to he waistband , he hand close on the handle of he pistol , the move hide by the coat . ali how be the passenger ? be they comfortable ? fran they're ... very scared , but under the circumstance do well . Ali 's eye , probing , search . ali it 's important they remain calm . be there anything they need ? fran no . they just want this to be over with . ali soon enough . a few more hour . I will share something with you , but it must remain between we . ( study she ) when we land ... in London . we will be release the woman and child . Fran stare at he , know this be a lie . fran that would be very kind . he study at she a long moment , then remove he hand from the gun , fold the coat . ali I be keep you from you work . he turn and leave . Fran stare ahead , she hand tremble . she know something horrible be go to happen with this highjack and she have to do something . but what ? she see the empty clipboard where the manifest have be , think , and then remove from she apron she ballpoint pen . int . forward baggage compartment - day 117 the air temperature also cold enough to fog the breath . ( continued ) 117 117a 118 67 . continued : 117 Charlie , use a sophisticated array of bomb detection equipment to locate the presence of explosive and magnetic and electrical field , make he way over the top of the baggage container . he stop , carefully move one of the probe over a container . he adjust the sensitivity of the instrument and then key he mike . charlie ( to headset ) rat. forward baggage compartment . get something . rat ( v.o. ) ( filter ) I be on my way . int . MAIN cabin - day 117a Fran walk down the aisle , stop at a seat . fora moment , all we see be the brown leather boot of the Air marshal . fran I believe you be next , sir . the AIR marshal , early 30 , mustache , dark hair , look up , puzzle . fran the bathroom . you be next . something in she eye . AIR marshal thank you . as he rise she move away , face close to he , whisper - ing , barely audible . fran ( whisper ) razor blade ... she turn to the passenger across the aisle , leave the marshal bewilder over she phrase as he head down the aisle . ext . 747 - day 118 as we track alongside the massive airframe , holding on the section just aft of the wing juncture . 119 68 . int . forward baggage compartment - day 119 we move across the top of baggage container , barely two foot of clearance overhead . tiny light have be clipped to the ceiling , illuminate the darken room with red light . we arrive at a container , open up like a soup can , baggage strewn everywhere . overhead light illuminate the open container as if it be the crater at tycho in 2001 . Inside be Rat and Charlie . Charlie examine some - thing in the container with he detector . charlie almost miss it . reading be less than one part in two million . Inside we see a dismantle wooden pack crate , revealing a three - tiere object , at the bottom of which be two row of double - end bottle , two foot long , six inch in diameter , stack two deep , a total of 12 bottle . the surface of the bottle be a shiny , metallic material , like mirrore sunglass . strapped to the canister with stainless steel band , be a black metal box , two foot high . rat whatever it be , it 's sittin ' on enough semtex to fuck up you whole day . charlie ( nervously ) let 's do it . use a hand - power drill , Rat carefully drill a tiny hole into the case . he attaches a fiber-optic probe , peer through the eyepiece . he look up . rat take a look . Charlie use the probe to examine the container . he look up , confuse . charlie Way out of my league . Rat study the interior again , think a moment and then key he mike . rat ( to mike ) Captain , you know anything about bomb ? 120 120 a 120b 69 . int . avionics room - day 120 grant at the com-board , listen to Rat . grant a lot of theory . rat ( v.o. ) there 's something I want you to look at -- forward baggage compartment . int . rear of plane - day 120 a the Air marshal wait near the bathroom , a terrorist on guard . a passenger leave one of the bathroom , the Guard gesture to the marshal to enter . guard thirty second . the marshal enter , attempt to close the door , the Guard shove he foot into the frame . guard leave it open . int . bathroom - day 120b leave the door slightly ajar , the marshal face the toilet , eye search the room , focus on the tiny sign near the sink : " dispose of razor blade here . " still face the toilet he open the tiny disposal box , remove a fold slip of paper . he read : '' plane go to wash . D.C. target White House . do something . " behind he the door explode OPEN , the marshal drop the paper into the toilet ... terrorist too long ! back to you seat ! the marshal bend to flush , the note stick to the bowl near the top . he flush , the water flow over the note , still stick . he flush again ... terrorist out ! the terrorist yank the marshal around , just as the water catch the paper , swirl it down the toilet . 121 122 70 . int . baggage compartment - day 121 grant ease into the pit , replace Charlie . he take the probe from Rat , study the interior of the bomb a moment before stand . he look puzzle , very worried . grant ( quietly ) you would better get cappy . rat we can not move he . grant I do not think you have get any other choice . Rat consider this and then nod to Charlie . int . pentagon waiting room - day 122 the arab diplomat and a Assistant be in the room . the Secretary of State , the dci and Kaplan enter the room . the diplomat hand a document to Kaplan who grimly read its content . arab diplomat the man who design the bomb be most probably Jean -paul demou . that 's a recent photograph . he 's french , nuclear engineer , once assign to a reactor plant in Damascus , Syria . his wife , a syrian national , be kill during a israeli attack on the plant , three year ago . Kaplan hand the document to the dci then offer he hand to the arab . kaplan thank you for you help . please excuse I . he take the two man aside . kaplan it 's confirm . dci twelve canister and at least fifteen pound of plastic explosive . we be deal with a potential kill - factor of a low - yield nuclear weapon . ( continued ) 122 123 124 71 . continued : 122 secretary of state then we have no other choice . kaplan as per the order of the President , instruct Admiral crosby to go to full alert . when he 's in range , he 's to launch he strike aircraft . authorize the press release for the b.b.c. as per Ali 's instruction . secretary of state if we have to shoot down the 747 , why release jaffa at all ? dci we have to take Ali 's word that there will be more bombing in London if he 's not airborne by three . kaplan contact ambassador henning in London . I want to deliver a message to jaffa . I want he to negotiate with Ali Hassan . tell he we know of Ali 's plot , that we will exchange the life of the passenger for Ali 's , if he will divert to a isolate airbase . jaffa 's the only one who know the frequency to contact Ali . ( beat ) I be not give up on that four hundred Americans . that madman be we last avenue of hope . we have get to try . int . aircraft carrier - hangar deck - day 123 somewhere in the Atlantic . several F - 14 's be be readied for flight , deadly sidewinder missile fitte to they rack , magazine of .20 mm cannon round load into place . int . forward baggage compartment - day 124 Baker , Charlie , Rat and cahill carefully move the makeshift stretcher with cappy strapped in place , over the top of the baggage container . ( continued ) 124 124a 124b 72 . continued : 124 work on hand and knee , they lift , move and pass the stretcher along , strain and sweat in the close confinement . the stretcher be place alongside the open container , cappy grimace in pain from the movement . rat sorry to do this to you , cappy . but we have get a bad one here . grant it 's some form of computer control trigger device , very sophisticated . cappy ( in pain ) let I have a look . Baker attaches a second eyepiece to the unit , hold one to cappy 's eye as he squeeze the trigger . grant observe the interior along with cappy . cappy' Pov - int . bomb 124a in the eerie illumination of the probe be reveal a forest of print circuit board , and in one section , a rotate laser - disc - like mechanism , connect through a series of relay and wire to a thick floor of dark orange material at the base of the computer , sit directly atop the nerve gas . return to scene 124b cappy study the bomb . cappy micro-processor , dedicated fix drive , least 40 megabyte ... could be run a dozen program ... cappy now see the gut of the bomb , the lens move around , show the relay and probe , press into the plastic explosive at the base . cappy take I in a little closer ... as the lens zoom in and move around the interior , cappy grow more concerned and focus by the second . ( continued ) 124b continued : 73. 124b cappy sweet Jesus ... nerve gas , binary canister ... plastic in two pound block , sixteen pound more or less , enough to atomize this plane ... guy do not fuck around . this be not no pipe-bomb and a six volt battery . ( beat ) this be major- league talent . the lens play across a glass tube with several element inside . cappy now what be this ? stop . go in on that . right there . ( beat ) now that 's something I do recognize . barometric pressure switch . activate on take - off , probably set to air-burst during landing . ( beat ) could be the way in . look like a isolate trigger . if I can ... if you can disable that switch , it might buy you some time . grant stand , look into the face of the man group around he . Rat ponder the situation . rat okay , we go as plan . we shut this thing down , take over the plane and get it to someplace safe . charlie who get to fuck with the mousetrap ? they be stump on this one . grant speak up . grant cahill . rat ( stunne ) cahill ? grant he 's the best qualified and the only one you can spare . ( look at bomb ) he 's a design engineer . he build stuff like this all the time . ( continued ) 124b 124c continued : 74 . ( 2 ) 124b rat except it do not go boom if you fuck up . ( think ) what the hell . all right , it 's you baby . the rest of we , let 's get in position . Charlie , mid - cabin . Baker , rear compartment . I will take the cockpit , business class . keep you unit on . let 's go . the commando depart leave grant and cappy behind . grant turn to cappy . grant so what do you think ? cappy honestly ? grant honestly . cappy we be all lookin ' up the ass end of a dead dog . int . forward baggage compartment - day 124c off to one side , grant be talk to cahill , who stare at he , dumbfounded . cahill Jesus . I do not know anything about bomb . I can not do it . why I ? why not you ? grant I be the only one who can monitor they conversation . you be all we have get leave . ( beat ) look at it this way , you have build computer before , have not you ? cahill ( puzzle ) yes , but what do that have ... grant now you be go to take one apart . ( continued ) 124c 125 75 . continued : 124c cahill but what if I ... grant make a mistake ? do not worry about it , cahill , you will never know it . ( beat ) you can do it , cahill . now let 's get go , I have get work to do . grant pat cahill on the shoulder . he move over the cargo container towards the bomb where cappy lie , cahill reluctantly follow . grant all right , cappy . walk he through it . call I if you need any help . grant leave . cappy do not worry , cahill , this be just like play with leggos , but more exciting . bring that bomb kit over here and let 's get start . cahill slide the bomb kit into position . cappy first thing first . look like that black cover be just a lead shield . see if you can lift it off ... but , cahill , everything real easy , okay ? grant carefully release the four spring - latch at the base of the cover . he remove the fiber-optic probe and then gently lift the cover , revealing the bomb in its entirety . int . 747 cockpit - day 125 with the terrorist Guard now downstairs , the Flight engineer be try to tell the disbely pilot what he witness earlier . flight engineer ( urgent ; whisper ) I be tell you , I see they . Americans ... he hear the guard ascending the stair and approaching the cockpit . he turn back to he work station . 125a 125b 126 127 76 . int . MAIN cabin - day 125a where the marshal ponder he dilemma , carefully study the position of the terrorist , try to formulate a plan . int . avionics room - day 125b grant be on the com-board , headset on , monitoring the various microphone and serve as the link to the team . he key a switch label " cahill . " grant cahill . how you do ? int . baggage compartment - day 126 cahill be huddle over the bomb , cappy 's bomb - kit open beside he , a electronic detector attach to the wire near the barometric switch . a mirror , take from a vanity case , have be attach to cappy 's stretcher by a aluminum pole , somewhat like a rear-view mirror . from he position , cappy can supervise cahill 's work on the bomb . cahill ( to mike ) uh , okay , I guess . we be ready to start . ( to cappy ) cappy . the meter indicate 15 om . cappy okay , that 's good . look like it 's in parallel and isolate . go ahead and complete the by-pass . cahill attaches the end of a alligator clip to the right side of the switch , complete a by-pass loop of the unit . int . elevator - coach level - day 127 from above , we see the floor of the elevator push upward , revealing Rat in the lower galley . with the skill of a gymnast he carefully wedge he way upward into the elevator , hold he body against the wall as he close the floor panel . holding tight to the wall , he carefully peer out the elevator window , see Fran , she back to he , work at the galley . 128 129 130 131 131a 77 . int . mid - cabin work station - day 128 Fran catch sight of a movement , reflect in the polished surface of the stainless steel wall . startle , she turn and before Rat can duck , they eye meet , a look of total shock register on she face . the flag be visible on Rat 's shoulder as he put he finger to he lip . suddenly Fran hear someone approaching from behind , Ali appear . a moment 's hesitation and then she turn , grab a coffee urn and a cup . put she back to the elevator window , she offer Ali a cup of coffee . he stare at she suspiciously and then accept the coffee . int . elevator - day 129 Rat rapidly turn he attention to the overhead panel . pull the panel downward , he pull himself into the upper section , reach down to close the panel . int . work station - day 130 Ali sip the coffee , study Fran . he 's very uneasy about something but he can not put he finger on it . finally he move on . Fran look around she , and then cautiously shoot a glance inside the elevator . it 's empty . we follow she gaze upward to the overhead panel . int . 747 overhead section - day 131 above the coach section , the longest open space of the plane , consist of support strut and rib for the ceiling structure ; air conditioning unit ; ducting , wiring and hydraulic line . Rat be crouch on one knee , close the top panel to the elevator shaft . rat ( to mike ) shit , I be make . attendant see I in the elevator . ( beat ) grant , you copy this ? int . avionics room - day 131a grant I copy . describe she . ( continued ) 131a 131b 132 133 78. continued : 131a rat ( v.o . ) ( urgent ) she 's work the mid-cabin . short blonde hair , five six . grant okay . I will have Baker keep a eye on she . all we can do be watch , hope she can keep a secret . ( switch ) Baker ... int . overhead section - day 131b Rat continue on , spider - walk along the support beam , reach up to clip in to the trolley cable when he foot hit a patch of grease , he foot fly out from under he . in one cat- like movement , Rat flip he position , catch himself spread - eagle over the lower support beam , directly over the plastic ceiling panel for the main cabin . sweat drip from he face as he carefully regains he position . int . MAIN cabin area - day 132 Fran study the ceiling , half - expect the commando see earlier to come crash through to the floor . she look at Ali , some distance behind she , watch she , unaware of the disturbance she have just hear . int . overhead section - day 133 as Rat , move down the cable , approach the forward - most section of the plane , Charlie 's voice cut in . charlie ( v.o. ) ( filter ) I be in position , mid-cabin . they be all over the place . I can take two , maybe three . I be good , but I be not that good . we need another gun . rat okay , stand by . I be at the forward section . let 's see how bad it be up there . he move on , pull himself along the cable towards the forward section . 134 134a 135 79 . int . forward baggage compartment - day 134 grant wipe the sweat from he brow and take a pair of clipper from cahill , move he hand into the heart of the bomb . cappy cahill , could you adjust the mirror ? I want to take a better look at this thing . ( cahill adjust mirror ) that 's better . now , clip the wire on either side . do not touch anything else . cahill place the cutter around the wire . he hesitates and then , clip the wire , watch the om meter , the needle darting slightly and then hold on : 15 om . relieved , he clip the second wire . cappy good work . that should do it . relieved , cahill sit back , key he com-unit . cahill ( to mike ) we have isolate the pressure switch . int . avionics room - day 134a grant switch from cahill on the " B " channel to the " a " channel . grant Rat , this be grant . they have isolate the switch . rat ( v.o. ) thanks . all right , everyone in final position . Captain , I need to see you in the forward galley , right away . grant seem puzzle by this . ext . gatwick airfield ( london ) - day 135 a light mist be fall on the tarmac where a lear jet be be service by a flight crew . Long range , wing - tip fuel tank be be install . ( continued ) 135 136 80 . continued : 135 a mercede sedan , darken window , pull alongside , accompany by a military escort . Three Arabs emerge from the car , two obviously pilot , carry flight bag , the other , a grim - face man dress in a tailore suit . from the plane , a mechanic emerge , descend the stair , the name on he coverall read : Reggie . he address the three man in a heavy cockney accent . mechanic ( grin ) she 's all yours , china-plate . the mechanic move on , the grim -face man turn to the pilot , speak in Arabic . man ( subtitles ) search it . everything . the pilot enter the plane . int . gatwick airport - VIP lounge - day 136 Inside a commercial aviation building , now serve as a heavily guard hold room for jaffa . Soldiers and security man be everywhere . seat on a couch , ina darken side of the room , be jaffa , wear a belly - chain and handcuffs . the U.S. ambassador to England be speak to jaffa , two marine guard stand nearby . ambassador ... if they will divert to gander Air Force base , newfoundland , the United States will guarantee the safe passage of Ali and he man back to the Middle East . ( beat ) otherwise , he will never be allow to reach the shore of the United States . jaffa study the ambassador appraisingly . he may be in chain but beginning to relish the power attend he new find importance . he smile , assume a diplomatic air . jaffa Ali be a impassion man , but in the interest of peace , I will do my best . ambassador I be sure you will . 137 138 139 140 81 . int . 747 forward galley - day 137 Rat and grant be confer off to one side of the elevator , just below the emergency escape hatch , lead to the main cabin aisle above . Rat hand grant a hand shotgun , the size of a flare gun . rat there 's just too many of they , Captain . we need another gun . grant look at the weapon . grant it 's be year since I even handle a gun ... rat do not worry , with this you can not miss . one guy on station just above we . I will cue you , you will have the element of surprise . Rat grab the escape handle to the hatch in one hand , hold the weapon tight to he chest in the other . rat hold it tight , like this . push up hard , two step up the ladder , aim straight at he chest and fire . do not think , just shoot . ext . aircraft carrier ( mid - atlantic ) - day 138 as the squadron of F - 14 's be launch from the catapult , scream upward , silver messenger of death . int . 747 business CLASS closet storage area - day 139 directly behind business class . Rat emerge from a service hatch , ease to the floor inside the closet . cautiously he part the two door , look into the business class compartment and the cockpit just beyond . rat ( to mike ) in the business class closet . I will be set in about thirty second . int . upper section - day 140 Baker , suspend upside down , move quickly and silently down the cable , head toward the rear of the plane , pass Charlie as he go . 141 142 143 144 82 . int . forward galley - day 141 grant move into position , under the emergency escape hatch , lead to the aisle of the coach section . he grasp the overhead handle which will push the door up . he stare at the weapon in he hand . rat ( v.o. ) ( filter ) I will take the man in the cockpit first , then down the stair for the second . you all move ten second later . Baker , Charlie ... int . upper section - tail area - day 142 Baker be position over the floor , hold open a panel , look down into the rear-most cluster of bathroom . baker ( to mike ) I be in position . rear bathroom . Baker ease down into the room , take up position at the door . int . overhead section - day 143 where Charlie have place a circle of detonation cord on the floor . he 's position on a support beam above the ceiling panel , hold the detonate switch in he hand . he look prepare to jump after he blow the floor . charlie ( to mike ) Charlie . ready to blow the ceiling . int . business CLASS closet - day 144 Rat , he hand on the door , be hold a silence . 22 automatic pistol . through a crack in the door he can see the terrorist stand several foot away , he back to he . rat ( whisper ) okay , dude be right in my sight . here we go ... 83. 145 int . forward galley - day 145 grant release the safety on the deadly - look hand shotgun , he hand tremble . he nervously double - check the unfamiliar weapon , make sure it be cocked . he close he eye , blink away the sweat . 146 int . coach - work station - day 146 where the four terrorist be group , listen to the radio . a news broadcast be underway on the shortwave . 147 int . forward baggage compartment - day 147 cahill sit beside the bomb as cappy study it through he mirror . suddenly a series of red light flash in sequence on a unit in the center of the bomb . cappy what the hell be that ? cahill ( startle ) I do not know . look like some kind of ... the light flash again . cappy Jesus Murphy . stop they , cahill . stop the hit ! cahill what ?! cappy ( in pain ) use the radio . tell they to stop the hit . now ! cahill fumble for the channel switch on the com-unit . 148 int . business CLASS closet - day 148 Rat push the door open further , lowering he pistol , sighting down on the head of the terrorist , a few foot away . his finger start to squeeze the trigger ... suddenly cahill 's frantic voice break in . ( continued ) 84 . 148 continued : 148 cahill ( v.o. ) ( filter ) stop ! stop the attack ! stop the attack ! as the terrorist start to turn , Rat pull back inside , silently close the door . he wipe the sweat from he face . rat ( under he breath ) Jesus ! 149 int . forward galley - day 149 grant close the escape hatch , collapse to the floor . rat ( v.o. ) ( filter ) cahill , what the fuck be go on ?! cahill ( v.o. ) ( filter ) he say to stop . cappy . he say to stop you . rat ( v.o. ) ( filter ) cappy . what be it ? 150 int . forward baggage compartment - day 150 cahill be hold the com-unit to cappy 's head . cappy ( urgent ) you see any terrorist with anything look like a transmitter , box , wire , anything ? rat ( v.o. ) ( filter ) no. just weapon . cappy well , someone just run a program test on the bomb . whoever he be , he 's hold a override switch , and he 's get he finger right on the god-damn trigger ... cahill close he eye . cahill Christ ... 151 152 153 154 155 85 . int . coach - mid - section - close on SMALL , computer -like 151 device a hand touch a key and a series of green light flash in series . ext . f-14' refueling sequence - day 152 Flying in formation , wait they turn to top off they fuel tank from a carrier launch a-6 tanker . int . pentagon - operation CENTER - day 153 Kaplan and he entourage enter the room , Kaplan stare at the overhead screen and the situation board show the 747 's flight path across the Atlantic . the Secretary of State approach . secretary of state we have less than five minute to make the release . kaplan authorize it . notify the press . he turn to the Major -general . kaplan General . major-general they will reach we air space in a hour and a half . kaplan it 's up to jaffa . ext . airport ( london ) - day 154 as a lear executive jet scream down the runway , lift off into the sky . int . executive jet - day 155 jaffa sit in one of the plush cabin seat . the arab in the tailore suit humbly approach , speak quietly in Arabic . man ( subtitles ) we have contact with ali. ( continued ) 155 156 157 158 86 . continued : 155 he pull a telephone from its cradle and hand it to jaffa . we hear static faintly over the line , then a voice . ali hassan ( v.o. ) ( filter ) I rejoice in you freedom . Allah have bless we . a great destiny await we both . int . pentagon - operation CENTER - day 156 the crisis team be group around the communication center , listen to the conversation as the NSA 's scanner keep track of the radio transmission . jaffa ( v.o . ) ( filter ) listen carefully , the Americans have a message ... ( beat ) they be prepare to meet you demand in Washington . they will give you fuel and gold for the hostage . but do not trust they . continue radio silence , make no attempt to contact they . ( beat ) a glorious victory . you have do well . int . 747 - coach section - day 157 Ali Hassan be listen on the field radio to jaffa . ali hassan in a few hour , you will see how truly glorious my victory will be ... jaffa ( v.o. ) ( interrupt ) we can not talk now . they must not locate this frequency . int . executive jet - day 158 jaffa terminate the call , hear the static as the connection be severe . he return the telephone to its cradle , a cold , menace look as he turn to the window . ( continued ) 158 159 160 87 . continued : 158 jaffa go with God . he jot down several item on a tablet and turn to he new charge de affair . jaffa you will prepare a anonymous news release . in several hour , a c.s.a. 747 will be destroy as it approach the United States . ( hand over the paper ) this be the arab country responsible for the highjack and destruction of the plane . the necessary proof will be provide shortly . ( think ) then contact General hammad . tell he I have a proposition to make . he sit back , a cold smile form on he lip . jaffa I teach you well , Ali . int . 747 - coach section - day 159 Ali Hassan turn off the radio shouting a revolutionary slogan , the other terrorist take up the cry . at this , terror sweep through the plane . Ali Hassan be now truly a man possess with carry out he destiny , and with it , the life of thousand of innocent people . Hassan turn and look at someone in the seat before he , a passenger , someone unseen to we . he give a slight nod and then move on , shouting another cry of revenge . we hold on Fran as she look from the frighten face of the passenger to the overhead panel , aware that some inescapable collision between this mad and some unseen force infiltrate the airplane be about to happen . but who be they , how do they get here , when will they strike ? int . pentagon - operation CENTER - day 160 Kaplan turn angrily away from the center . ( continued ) 160 161 162 88 . continued : 160 dci ( stunne ) he do not even make the attempt . he want he to die . kaplan he 's force the President to destroy the plane , hope we will retaliate . secretary of state against whom ? kaplan whomever he choose to implicate . secretary of state I say we shoot the bastard down . kaplan if only we could . they will stick to civilian air corridor , and we could never violate the foreign airspace anyway . it would be a act of war . Kaplan turn away , stare at the situation board , show - ing the 747 grow closer to the fail - safe line every second . kaplan tell Admiral crosby to intercept the 747 . then contact the President . from this point on its a executive decision . int . cockpit - day 161 over the intercom , the news of jaffa 's release have be broadcast to the terrorist guard . as he take up the cry , the Flight engineer look down at the hatch lead to the avionic room . flight engineer ( to himself ) any time , guy . ext . 747 - day 162 the giant plane fly on over the Atlantic . 163 164 165 89 . int . avionics room - day 163 where Rat , grant , Charlie and Baker sit in the nose section , assess they situation in urgent , whisper voice . grant be monitoring the activity in the cabin area via one of the microphone leave in place . he be listen to a conversation in arabic . grant quiet ... sound like something big 's go on . grant continue to listen . grant ( puzzle ) one of we boy be challenging Ali . want to know why they be not return to London , now that jaffa 's be release . baker London ? int . coach section - day 164 kahlil be argue with Ali in Arabic . kahlil ( subtitles ) this be not the plan ! with jaffa 's release , we be to return to London . this be insane . we must turn back ... suddenly Ali fly into a rage , brutally whipping kahlil with he pistol , blow after blow , drive he to the floor , kill he . Ali look up , madness raging in he eye . several other terrorist look at he in total fear . ali hassan traitor ! int . avionics room - day 165 grant put down the headset , look at the other . grant I think he just kill one of he own man . the other do not know about the bomb . ( realize ) of course . the trigger man be one of the passenger . a sleeper . it could be anyone . ( continued ) 90 . 165 continued : 165 baker four hundred passenger . never find he . we be as good as dead . a long moment as this new reality settles in . charlie then I say we go out slingin ' some lead . get some fuckin ' payback . rat that 's not what we come here to do . charlie shit , man , they be gonna blow we out of the sky . at least we can have the pleasure of doin ' this bastard before we all buy it . ( beat ) Hell , we might even get lucky . Rat look at the man , confuse as to what the next plan of attack should be , realize he have nothing leave to offer . he 's out of idea , sink into the utter hope - lessness of they situation . he look at grant , who stare at the floor , deep in think . rat Captain . ( as grant look up ) any idea ? grant look at he watch . thinks a moment . grant we might still have some time . and there just might be a way to find the sleeper . ( beat ) but we have get to keep dismantle the bomb . if we can neutralize it , then find the sleeper will not matter . but we can not risk it . have to do both . charlie and how do we find this sleeper ? grant Baker , what about the video equipment , what do you have ? ( continued ) 165 166 167 168 169 91 . continued : ( 2 ) 165 baker Wide angle probe , hard - line cable but no camera , monitor , relay ... grant we have get to monitor that cabin . I need to hear everything , see as much as I can . anything we can use from the plane ? Baker think , slowly nodd he head . int . forward baggage compartment - day 166 Baker and Charlie have open up another of the baggage container . Charlie hand up a aluminum suitcase to Baker , who open it , study the content . baker this will do . int . MAIN cabin area - overhead section - day 167 Rat carefully drill a tiny hole by hand through one of the bulkhead . he attaches a long cable to the two electrical lead on the end of a six - inch long lens , the diameter of a pencil . carefully he begin to push the lens into the hole . int . MAIN cabin area - mid - section - day 168 near the flight attendant 's work station . above the center bulkhead we move in on a tiny hole , see a slight reflector of light as the wide angle lens of the video probe be push into position . int . forward baggage compartment - day 169 grant be talk to cappy , cahill sit alongside they at the bomb site . grant how bad be it ? cappy short stroke -- it 's a masterpiece . set up on three stage ; several back -up . pressure switch be design to trigger as the plane land . ( more ) ( continued ) 169 170 continued : 92 . 169 cappy ( cont 'd ) if that fail , there 's a timer operate by the fix disc . probably the flight time plus a hour or two . grant can we disable it ? cut the power ? cappy he 's way ahead of you . two power source , one protect the other . tamper-proof . cut one , the second one set off the bomb . grant cappy , how be we go to beat this god -damn thing ? cappy this guy 's good , real good ... but I be better . wo not be easy , but there 's a way . grant turn to cahill . grant we be go to do everything we can to find the sleeper , but it may all come down to you . you be go to have to go the distance . cahill ( numb ) as if I have a chance . cappy do not worry about my man , cahill , he 's get what it take . ( beat ) besides , he fuck up , I will kill he . grant pat cahill on the shoulder . he move over the container towards the avionic room , leave cahill to stare at the bomb . int . avionics room - day 170 Baker be work on a home video minicam , the aluminum suitcase open beside he . he have open up the camera and be wiring in a small electrical harness . ( continued ) 93 . 170 continued : 170 he close up the camera , taping it together . he have remove the eyepiece , expose the tiny viewscreen inside . Rat appear , trail out the hard - wire video feed , attach to the probe above . rat ran the cable down the back side of the elevator shaft . they will never see it . Baker take the cable , twist the wire into that lead from the camera . he switch on the camera . on the tiny view screen of the camera , we see the wide angle , black and white image of the main cable . random static cross the picture . baker not much resolution , but it work . grant pat he on the shoulder . grant now we have get eye and ear . 171 int . work station - day 171 Fran be prepare several trays of juice and water for the passenger . 172 int . avionics room - day 172 grant , Rat and Baker be watch Fran on the tiny screen . grant what do you think ? baker she 's on a short leash , but have the freedom to move around the cabin ... grant look to Rat for approval of he plan . rat all right . try it . Baker hand grant a switch , wire into the electrical system of the plane . ( continued ) 172 173 94 . continued : 172 baker I have by -pass the buzzer . grant let 's hope she see it . grant activate the switch . on the video monitor we see that a light on the telephone be flash a code . a moment later , Fran notice the light , but stare at it , unmove . grant pick it up ... pick it up . int . work station - day 173 Fran stare at the flash light . she look around , see one of the terrorist Guards stand nearby . she look at the flash light ... and then pick up the phone . grant just listen . I be watch you on a video . behind you , above the bulkhead . disbelieve she turn , eye search , focus on the tiny probe , barely visible in the bulkhead . grant we're Americans . you have see one of we . there be a bomb on this plane . one of the passenger be in direct control of it . we have to find he and we need you help . you be look for someone with a electronic device , a radio ... suddenly the phone be rip from she hand , Ali roughly spin she around . ali what be you do ? Ali place the phone to he ear and listen . the line be dead . fran I ... think the phone ring . I be sorry . it 's just habit . he stare at she and then hang up the phone . ( continued ) 173 174 95 . continued : 173 ali you always have a explanation . Ali leave . Fran be overwhelm by this new development . suddenly she remember , the Air marshal . she look back down the aisle , make eye contact with he . she turn back , horrify . she have to warn he , but how ? fran ( to herself ) think ... she look around she , focus on a rack of magazine . we hold on Fran 's face . int . avionics room - day 174 grant and Baker watch the tiny screen , watch as she move around the work station . baker she look pretty shake . I do not think she will do it . grant she 's get to . they continue to watch as Fran pick up a stack of magazine and turn towards they . a moment 's hesitation and then she look up , directly into the lens , a look of strength and determination on she face , she nod . grant turn to Baker . baker she 's with we . Lady 's a player . a momentary look from Rat , a nod of acceptance . grant be now in charge . rat good move , Captain . I will get upstairs , watch she . if she finger someone , we will have to move fast . Rat leave via the flap lead to the baggage compart - ment . Baker look at he tac-board . we push in on the watch , the elapse timer run down to forty - five minute remain . baker we reach U.S. airspace in forty - five minute . 175 176 177 178 96 . int . MAIN cabin area - day 175 Fran be move down the aisle , carefully scrutinize any visible carry - on luggage , bag and seat pocket for some sign of a suspicious device , all the while pretend to look after the need of the passenger , offer they magazine to read . behind she , a terrorist Guard keep a close watch . int . pentagon - operation CENTER - day 176 pulling back from the situation map , show the 747 's position , now approach the U.S. the Major - General hang up a telephone and address the Kaplan . major -general the F - 14 's should be intercept the 747 in approximately fifteen minute . should be come on the board any second . on the screen we see , four small point of light , approach the 747 from a converge angle , they origin somewhere near Florida . int . MAIN cabin section - day 177 Fran approach the Air marshal , who look up briefly . she reach he seat , casually hand he a magazine . what the quard can not see be she expression as she tap the cover of the magazine . the marshal look down see : a Newsweek , a cover shot of a group of U.S. soldier in camouflage , weapon , the banner - line read : " how much longer . " the marshal look up , Fran look hard at the picture and then mouth the word : " they be here . " she move on , leave the marshal to stare at the picture in bewilderment . they be here ? Fran continue to search for some sign of suspicious behavior , a electronic device , something . there seem to be nothing but row upon row of frighten , innocent - look passenger . int . forward baggage compartment - closeup - day 178 view of the bomb focus on a wiring harness of vary color . the tiny , pinpoint beam of a laser appear on one of the wire . ( continued ) 178 97 . continued : 178 cappy low-power , number one . just touch the wire for a heartbeat . in cahill 's hand be a laser - knife , the size of a fountain pen , a wire lead to a power box on the floor beside he . cahill touch the trigger and the beam change intensity , the wire suddenly vaporize , leave the bare wire underneath expose . cappy that 's good . now clip in . cahill wipe the sweat from he brow , he shirt soak in perspiration . at he side be a small black box , take from the bomb kit . at one end of the box be a series of port for electrical connection . several wire lead from the port to the bomb , clipped in to wire in various component . cahill here go ... with tremble hand , he attaches another wire to a relay in the bomb , plugging the other end into the black box . cappy outstanding . you have get the major sensor by - pass . Mr X will still think the bomb 's intact . ( beat ) kick the power up to three and cut the wire to that first relay . that 's a load-fluctuator , a fail - safe against a electromagnetic burst . cahill turn up the power and begin to move the laser - knife towards the bomb . but he hand begin to tremble uncontrollably . he stop . cahill ( verge of panic ; anger ) I can not do it . my hand 's shaking too much . I can not breathe . cappy settle down , cahill . you be do fine . you know anything about fishing ? ( continued ) 178 179 98. continued : ( 2 ) 178 cahill ( numb ) no ... I hate fish . hate the outdoors . cappy do not matter . shut the fuck up and listen . ( beat ) take a deep breath . relax . Close you eye . ( beat ) you be sit at you desk ... it 's in the middle of a pine forest . wind cool and light , the sun shine down through the tree . you be beside a stream , water rollin ' over the rock into the most beautiful pool of deep , green water you have ever see ... cahill 's breathe slow , he face beginning to relax . cappy close he eye . cappy ... you get up from you desk and walk to the pool , you fly rod in you hand , royal coachman tie on , you can not miss fly . at the back of that pool be bad leroy Brown , fifteen pound german trout , just startin ' to rise from beneath a tangle of log . now , all you get to do be pull back , float you line out , lay that fly down like a feather , right in front of old leroy 's nose ... cahill open he eye . his hand have stop shaking . he move forward , cut through the wire with the laser . cahill ( relieved ) I do it . he turn , look at cappy 's face , reflect in the mirror . cappy nod , close he eye in relief . int . coach section - day 179 Fran be move down the aisle , the terrorist Guard strolling close behind . ( continued ) 179 99 . continued : 179 as she pass a seat , a hand reach out , tug on she apron . startle , Fran turn . it 's the heavy - set woman see earlier . the woman be perspire and seem short of breath . woman miss , may I have some water ? I have to take my medication . diabete . the woman hold out a prescription pill vial . fran ( distract ) of course . I will get you some water . the woman fumble with the vial , she hand tremble . woman this thing be always so hard to open ... the vial slip from she hand , fall to the floor . fran I will get it . Fran kneel to the floor to help . the Guard move in , prodding she with he weapon . fran ( calmly ) it 's all right . I be just get she pill . Fran kneel , search the floor for the vial , find it next to the woman 's foot . she be about to rise when she eye freeze on the underseat storage space of the window seat , where the laptop Computer , see earlier , sit , nearly obscure from view . Fran stare at the computer , slowly look up into the alarmed eye of the dark - complect man at the window . the Guard pull Fran to she foot , examine the pill vial , before give it to the woman . fran I will be right back with you water . the man at the window follow they movement and then carefully remove the computer , hide it between he body and the window bulkhead . 180 181 182 183 184 100 . int . mid - section work station - day 180 Fran , with she back to US , a terrorist stand nearby , appear to be replenishing she drink tray , pull down paper cup from a overhead bin and work on something before she . but as we move alongside she , we see that between movement , she hurriedly scribbles something on the back of the tray with a lipstick . int . avionics room - day 181 close on the tv monitor , show Fran just inside the galley . as one of the terrorist Guards pass by , she turn back to she station , busy herself with some - thing . she turn back , and while look at the probe , brushes she ear several time , look around she . baker Captain , take a look at this . grant study the monitor as Fran again brushes she ear . grant she 's signal . on the monitor we see a terrorist Guard as he slowly move through the galley , crossing behind Fran . lift the tray off the counter , Fran turn towards the camera , flipping the bottom upwards as she do . on the bottom of the tray , write in red lipstick , we see : 148-b . int . avionics room - day 182 grant and Baker study a schematic of the passenger section of the plane . Baker circle a section , grant key he mike . grant Rat , we have get something . 148-b. window seat , mid-section . rat ( v.o. ) ( filter ) I get it . ext . f- 14' - in flight - dusk 183 somewhere over the Atlantic , fly in tight formation . int . f- 14 leader - cockpit - dusk 184 the navigator plotting a course on he radar screen . ( continued ) 184 185 186 101 . continued : 184 navigator have target acquisition at three hundred mile , vector zero-six - zero for contact . pilot Roger . formation this be bulldog . we have radar contact , turn zero-six - zero for contact . initiate weapon system check now . notify I on visual contact . int . overhead section - dusk 185 Rat , use the fiber-optic viewscope , be lie on he stomach , observe something below . he be wedge into a impossibly tight position , under a air-condition vent . close on the monitor as the fiber-optic probe pan across the heavy - set woman 's leg , zoom in on small computer , tuck against the leg and the seat of the man in 148 - B . rat could be a small computer , between he leg and the seat . look like he 's hide it . all I can see be he leg . Air conditioning unit , right in the way . but the computer be definitely suspicious . it have to be he . charlie ( v.o. ) ( filter ) can you get a hit on he ? Rat look away from the fiber-optic probe , stare at the bulkhead , inch from he face . rat can not move up here , barely breathe , no hope for a shot . Charlie , what about you ? int . overhead section - day 186 Charlie be position near the mid-section restroom in the crawl - space above the doorway . lying on he side he be able to peer through the fresh air vent , provide a view of passenger . although he can see the man in 148 -b , he be barely visible behind a passenger sit in front of he . ( continued ) 186 187 188 189 102 . continued : 186 towards the rear , another terrorist be plainly visible . Charlie 's pistol be at he side . charlie no chance . blocked by the seat , passenger all around he . int . forward baggage compartment - day 187 cahill have isolate the wire lead to a major relay of the bomb , a harness of wire , situate near the fix disc , the disc rotate silently behind the glass obser - vation window . cahill approach the wire with the laser beam . cappy be watch cahill 's movement through the mirror . cappy we be almost home . next stop be a little tougher . relax . just do what I tell you . ( beat ) the red one on top , first . then , separate the wire with the spreader , cut the yellow one underneath . just kiss that red one like a feather . do not touch the other wire . ( beat ) take you time . slow and steady . as the laser - knife begin to glow , cahill slowly lower it to the first wire , beginning to cut . int . MAIN cabin area - day 188 close on hand as they open the computer - like device . finger touch the keyboard ... int . forward baggage compartment - day 189 suddenly , on the bomb , there a series of electical relay on the testing unit flash cahill 's hand jump , slice be a metallic clatter as open and close , the light in series ... through half of the harness . his face go rigid with fear as we crash zoom to the rotation disc as it abruptly cahill inhale sharply ... halt . ( continued ) 189 190 191 192 103 . continued : 189 cappy stare wide - eye into the mirror , sweat pour down he face , wait for the bomb to explode . but the freeze disc , cahill 's tremble hand , remain fix in the mirror . cappy 's mind be racing . he exhales sharply . cappy ( under he breath ) decoy . a fuckin ' decoy . ( louder ) the whole thing 's a fake . he snooker we . tight on cahill 's sweat face . cahill ( near hysteria ) what ?! what 's happen ?! what the hell 's happen ? cappy a decoy , to waste we time . the real work must be below , under the plate . int . avionics room - day 190 Barry and grant , listen to cappy 's devastating news . cappy ( v.o. ) ( filter ) Real cute , this guy . built a decoy into the system . time you finish fiddle - fuck around , the timer would have go off . cahill 's screw - up probably save we a lot of time . grant ( agitate ) just give it to I straight . omitted 191 int . forward baggage compartment - day 192 cahill be stare at the bomb as he listen to the exchange between grant and cappy . ( continued ) 192 193 194 104 . continued : 192 cappy we will have to start over . cahill , lean back , he head bump the wall of the container . cahill ( exhaling ) Jesus . int . overhead section - day 193 tight on Rat 's watch . in anger , Rat slam he fist into he hand . he seem near the break point . rat Jesus , we have get less than fifteen minute . cappy ( v.o. ) ( filter ) I be sorry , that 's all we can do . I can not say what we will find . rat then we go now , blow the light , take we chance . grant ( v.o. ) ( urgent ) no . he just run another test . he 's get direct access to the thing . it 's get to be by total surprise or you be fuck . Rat lean back against the bulkhead , close he eye . rat we be not go to make it . int . avionics room - day 194 grant look around he , at Baker , at he face , tired and haggard . he look defeat . slowly a new energy and resolve begin to show on grant 's face . grant he 's not go to beat we . we have come too far . ( continued ) 194 195 105 . continued : 194 he key the mike to he head set . grant ( determine ) get into you attack position . cappy , stay with it . we be take this thing to the wire . rat ( v.o. ) what about the sleeper ? grant I will take care of the sleeper . int . forward baggage compartment - day 195 cahill , wide - eye with concentration and fear , be lift the top panel of the bomb contain the false circuitry . cappy easy . not too fast . now hold it , do not move . cahill hold the panel just inch above the top frame - work of the bomb . cappy know how this fucker think , I expect he 's get a surprise for we . check under the panel with you light . look for something connect the two panel , a trip - wire maybe . holding the panel steady , cahill lower he head , use the light on he head gear to scan between the two level , the second level consist of a series of relay and a softball - size stainless steel sphere . he scan the area , see a hair - fine wire , attach to the top panel and below , to a micro-switch . cahill ( tremble ) you be right . there 's a wire ... hook to a switch . cappy that 's it . now just reach in with you nipper and clip that wire . cahill , hold the panel with one hand , fumble for the nipper in the tool kit . move they into position he cut the wire . 196 197 198 199 106 . int . avionics room - day 196 grant and Baker be intently study the monitor , train on the mid-cabin work station . through the wide - angle lens , we can see Fran , slowly move down the aisle towards the station . grant come on , keep come ... in he hand he nervously hold the makeshift switch connect to the cabin phone . ext . cloud filled sky - dusk 197 as four F - 14 's descend from the cloud , drop in behind the 747 . they pull alongside , two in front , two in the rear . ext . f- 14 leader - day 198 the pilot and he navigator be clearly see as they look towards the 747 . pilot ( v.o. ) ( filter ) csa Flight 343 . this be flight leader , U. S. navy aircraft . you be approach United States air space . you be to divert immediately to three - seven - zero North for gander Air Force base . if you do not comply , we be order to open fire ... int . 747 avionics room - day 199 grant and Baker respond in shock as they listen to this late development over the monitor they have install to the ship 's radio receiver . baker Captain ... grant I know , we be in deep shit . we have get to stop they . ( think ) I need a schematic of the plane . Baker turn , digging through one of they satchel . he remove a complicated schematic of the 747 , show the hundred of mile of electrical wiring , hydraulic line and servos . grant desperately begin tracking something on the schematic . 200 201 202 107 . int . 747 cockpit - day 200 the crew and the terrorist Guard listen in stunne silence as the F - 14 's demand be repeat . pilot ( v.o. ) ( filter ) ... repeat , you must divert to 0370 immediately , or we will open fire . squawk 433 for acknowledgement . pilot Jesus Christ . what the hell be they do ? they can not mean that . he turn to the terrorist . pilot we have to respond . you hear what they say . the terrorist point he pistol at the Pilot . terrorist you will say nothing . you will stay on course . the terrorist pick up a phone , press the buzzer . he speak in Arabic . terrorist ( subtitles ) Ali . fighter plane . they say they will shoot if we do not turn away . int . coach section - day 201 Ali Hassan be listen to the terrorist 's report . he slam down the phone and move towards the forward section , a look of wild rage and anger on he face . we go with he as he move towards the forward section , holding on the Air marshal , who , see the disturb look on Ali 's face , carefully reach down , remove he revolver from he boot , hide it under he thigh . by he expression we can see he be try to formulate some kind of attack . int . avionics room - day 202 grant at the electronics bulkhead , remove several panel . he pull out a massive wiring harness , search through the multi-color wire . 203 108 . int . forward baggage compartment - day 203 cahill be remove the last of several screw from a circular inspection plate on the side of the steel sphere . cappy now , attach the grip . cahill unfold a small tripod , support a shaft with a suction cup at one end . he place the tripod over the sphere gently press the suction cup over the cover . cappy now back off , just a hair . just enough to see if it 's friendly . cahill swallow hard , take a deep breath and turn the reverse-screw mechanism at the top of the tripod , lift the cover a fraction of a inch . he stop , use a tiny penlight and a dentist 's mirror to examine the edge and the back side of the plate . cahill can not see anything . cappy okay , back it off a little more . cahill slowly remove the cover , revealing the interior of the hollow sphere , at the bottom of which be a tiny brass armature situate above a steel contact point , similar to that in a automobile distributor . cappy do not touch anything . let I see that point . cahill adjust the mirror , hold a magnify glass over the sphere , focus it for cappy . cappy look clear . do not think Mr. X expect we to get this far . but you need something thin and non - metallic to slip between that point . cahill search through the kit but can not find anything plastic . he reach into he pocket , pull out a handful of cocktail napkin , paper , etc . he find a plastic coffee straw . slit the straw with a knife he hold it out , ready to insert it between the point . cahill turn back to the sphere with the plastic strip , take a deep breath . but suddenly he stop . cahill look up at cappy in the mirror . ( continued ) 203 203a 204 205 109 . continued : 203 cahill but what if he do , cappy ? what if he do expect we to get this far . why quit now ? cappy smile . cappy good call . you be start to think like I . ( beat ) in the kit , there should be a pair of infra-re goggle . find em . cahill search through the tool kit , put on a pair of infra-re goggle , plugging a power cable into the battery unit . he lower the goggle into place , switch they on . cahill ( whisper ) Jesus . cappy that bad , huh ? cahill' Pov of interior of sphere 203a through the infra-re spectrum , we see that the point be protect by a spider - web maze of hair- fine photo-electric light beam . cahill that bad . int . avionics room - dusk 204 grant and Baker be hearing the transmission from the cockpit , grant still frantically work away at wiring harness , he face drip with sweat . he have ten or twelve wire bunched in he hand . int . 747 cockpit - dusk 205 Ali Hassan be on the radio-phone , talk to Washington . ali hassan ... why we be be threaten ? we term be absolute . the release of jaffa for half the hostage . no compromise . no trick . 206 207 110 . int . conference room - operation CENTER - dusk 206 Kaplan and he crisis team be seat at the massive table , listen in rapt silence to the demand of Ali Hassan . Kaplan be on the phone . kaplan we have already meet you first condition and be willing to comply with the rest of you demand . but for security reason , we must insist that the exchange take place ... ali hassan ( v.o. ) ( filter ) you will insist nothing ! tell you President he will comply or suffer the blood of many Americans on this plane . beginning now . the President look to the major-general . major-general this may have be a mistake . kaplan we just can not shoot they down without a warning . int . 747 - cockpit - day 207 Ali Hassan leave the cockpit , enter the business class . he grab a male passenger , push he into the cockpit . he force the man to he knee , hold the pistol to he head . with he other hand he hold the radio-phone to the man 's face . ali hassan talk to you President . beg he for you life . tell he who you be . speak ! passenger ( terrify ) please ... my name be stanley Fisher ... I have a wife and three child . ( choke ) he 's hold a gun to my head . please , do what they want ... 111 . 208 int . conference room - dusk 208 Kaplan and he team sit transfix in horror as they listen to the man 's desperate pleading . passenger ( v.o. ) ( filter ) please ... I do not want to die ... suddenly , two shot be hear over the speaker . a long pause and then ... pilot ( v.o. ) my , God , no ... ali hassan ( v.o. ) ( filter ) this plane be to continue on as plan or I will kill another passenger every minute . kaplan we have get to end this . order the attack . 209 int . f- 14 flight leader - cockpit - dusk 209 the Navigator be talk to he Pilot , he eye intense . navigator bull , we can not do this . warning they off be one thing ... that 's a civilian aircraft , full of Americans . pilot it 's a presidential order , spider , there must be a damned good reason for it . navigator I sure hope to hell there be . Jesus . pilot formation , this be bulldog . I be assume attack position , everyone else back off and stand clear . climb to thirty - five thousand . 210 ext . F - 14' - dusk 210 as they peel off , three of the jet climb to higher elevation while the lead jet fall in behind the 747 . 211 212 213 214 112 . int . avionics room - dusk 211 grant be tear open a electrical panel , expose a sea of wire . he stare at the wire , wipe the sweat from he eye and make a move . int . f-14 leader cockpit - dusk 212 now trail two mile behind the 747 . on the control panel we see the head - up display of the 747 as the target sight swing into position and center . a shrill tone be hear , indicate missile lock . pilot nav com , this be bulldog . I have missile lock . request final confirmation of order , over . nav com ( v.o. ) bulldog , this be nav com . proceed as order . pilot Roger , nav com . stand by . close on pilot' hand as he flip the fire selector to missile . his finger begin to close on the trigger ... close on cockpit display the target center hold on the 747 ... suddenly , the navigation light on the dark 747 flash on and hold . pilot the nav-light just come on . suddenly the light begin to flash , on and off , on and off , in a steady sequence . int . avionics room - dusk 213 grant have cut the bundle of wire lead to the nav - light and be now touch they together , apart , together . int . cockpit F - 14 leader - dusk 214 the F - 14 grow closer to the 747 , the nav-light still flash . ( continued ) 214 215 113. continued : 214 pilot spider , be that what I think it be ? navigator you damned right . int . pentagon - operation CENTER - dusk 215 Kaplan and the crisis team be stare at the overhead screen , await the word of the 747 's destruction . the room be dead silent . a voice break in over the speaker , startling they . pilot ( v.o. ) ( filter ) nav com , this be bulldog . we have a unusual communication from the target . nav com ( v.o. ) ( filter ) bulldog , this be nav com . specify transmission . over . pilot ( v.o. ) ( filter ) bulldog . seem to be morse code come from the navigation light . message as follow : ' hail Mary ... ten minute . ' message repeat . over . stun , Kaplan drop into he seat . president they make it ... major-general I will be a son-of - a-bitch . dci but it 's too late . they have already cross the line , they be into U.S. airspace . with every minute ... president they make it this far , and by - God I be go to give they another ten minute . General , get on the phone . major-general yes , sir . 216 217 218 219 114 . int . avionics room - dusk 216 grant be still send he code message , spark fly from the bus bar . over the 747 's radio we hear the F - 14 Pilot 's voice . f-14 pilot ( v.o. ) ( filter ) Flight 343 , this be navy flight leader . we be to provide you with a escort to dulle International . grant stop he signal . grant we have get ten minute . int . avionics room - day 217 grant turn to Baker . grant get in position . we be go in five minute . baker what about the sleeper ? grant time we get acquainted . int . forward baggage compartment - dusk 218 through the infra-re spectrum , cahill be attempt to weave the plastic straw through the first of the light beam . he stop , withdraw the straw and wipe the sweat from he face . he pick up the straw and place a bend in it , begin to maneuver it through and around the light beam . int . avionics room - dusk 219 grant be now alone , watch the monitor of the mid-cabin area work station . grant come on ... Fran and two other attendant be sit in they jump seat , a terrorist stand guard in the entrance , he back to they . ( continued ) 219 220 221 222 223 115 . continued : 219 grant be press a switch , the flasher on the phone in the work station respond . Fran look up , see the light . but she obviously do not know what to do . the light continue to flash . int . work station - dusk 220 the flash light on the phone be become more urgent . quietly , Fran rise and lift the phone from its cradle , the terrorist Guard still with he back to she . her crew mate stare at she in disbelief . grant ( v.o. ) ( filter ; urgent ) I need you help . the lower galley . do exactly as I say . turn around and enter the elevator . the life of everyone on this plane depend upon what you do . right now . she quietly hang up the phone and turn , look into the eye of she frighten crew mate . she look at the elevator a few step away . with a determine look she move forward , open the door and step inside . int . elevator - dusk 221 Fran carefully close the door . she turn , stare at the overhead control button . her finger touch the down switch . the elevator activate , motor whining as it descend into the lower galley . int . work station - dusk 222 hear the sound of the elevator , Ali turn , see that Fran be go . he look at the red light over the elevator . he gesture to the elevator . ali ( subtitles ) kill she . int . lower galley - dusk 223 Fran emerge from the elevator . suddenly , grant be behind she , he hand over she mouth . he turn she around , they eye meeting . ( continued ) 223 224 116 . continued : 223 the elevator activate , lift up to the main floor . grant no sound . sit over there , put you head down , like you be cry . do it , now . she move to the opposite bulkhead , pull down the jumpseat . the motor whine again as the elevator begin to lower . the door open and the terrorist emerge . see Fran sit across from he , he raise he weapon to fire . a voice from behind call out : grant ( 0.s. ) hey ! startle , the terrorist turn , face grant , aim a .22 silence pistol at he . the terrorist start to move and grant fire , twice , two tiny red hole appear in the terrorist 's head . he fall to the floor in a heap . grant be stunne , momentarily overcome by what he have just do . Fran stare back at he , realize this be not a cold - blooded killer . he look at she as if ask for help and then kneel , stripping the terrorist of he clothes . he look at Fran . grant the man in 148 ... we be go to stop he . fran what do you want I to do ? he stare at she , fear in he eye . grant help I get close enough to kill he . grant continue to strip the clothes from the terrorist . int . forward baggage compartment - close on interior 224 of sphere - dusk as cahill continue , painfully , inch by inch , to move the plastic strip towards the armature . 225 226 117 . int . lower galley - dusk 225 grant , now dress in the terrorist 's clothing , be speak - ing on he headset . grant we be ready ... charlie ( v.o. ) here 's how it go : soon as you hit the sleeper , it 's light out and we go . we be on infra-re . the plane 's system will kick the light back on in six second , that 's all the surprise we have get . make it count . grant lay down the headset , pull Fran into the elevator . int . operation CENTER - conference room - dusk 226 Kaplan and he team be watch the situation map , show - ing the 747 's position , relative to the U.S. coast -line , the F - 14 's tracking the jet , and a flash , fail - safe line , indicate that the 747 have already cross the point where it be determine it must be destroy . the elapse time clock indicate six minute remain on the additional ten minute . major-general they will be start they descent in about ten minute . dci at thirty - five thousand foot we lose would be minimal . every thousand foot of descent , the death toll from fallout will increase dramatically . ( beat ) I pray you have make the right decision . Kaplan continue to stare at the situation map . as he do , we pan down to the table , to the open folder , the one previously give to Kaplan by the arab diplomat . we slowly push in on a photograph of a man , early fifty , fair complextion , bald , with cold , intense eye . it be a face we have never see before , certainly not the man in 148-b. 227 228 229 230 118 . int . 747 - mid - cabin - dusk 227 the dark - complect man in 148 - B look cautiously around he push he computer deeper into the seat . int . mid - cabin work station - dusk 228 grant emerge from the elevator , push Fran as if she be he prisoner . holding the automatic weapon in he leave hand as a shield across he face , we see that in he right hand he be hold the . 22 beretta , flat against she back . grant ( whisper ) just keep walk . eye straight ahead . when I push you , hit the floor and stay down . Fran move forward , she face freeze with fear . they enter the aisle , move towards the man at the window , he head barely visible some ten row away . on the other side of the cabin , the terrorist Guard see they , but as he can only view grant from the rear , he continue on he patrol . grant focus he attention on the man , now seven row away . but he fail to see the terrorist on patrol in the next section aft , move away from we and towards the work station . int . forward baggage compartment - dusk 229 with the intensity of a jeweler about to cut the hope diamond , cahill guide the plastic straw close to the open point , through the deadly , complicated maze of light beam . cahill ( to himself ) Little more , little more ... light as a feather . come on up , leroy , you be all mine ... easy now . in closeup we see that cahill be almost to the point with the plastic strip . int . MAIN cabin area - day 230 grant be now only three row away . as he take the last step he push Fran aside , spin around , leveling the pistol directly at the man 's face . ( continued ) 230 231 232 119 . continued : 230 we rack focus over the gunsight of the pistol into the paralyze face of the man in 148 - B . grant 's finger touch the trigger and then , stop ... grant stare at the man , see he for the first time , focus on he eye , the tremble lip and the unmistak - able fear and utter confusion of a innocent man . grant spin back to the aisle , meeting Fran 's stunne expression . grant it 's not he ... grant reach across the seat , grab the computer , yanking it towards he . as he do , the computer smashes into the seat back , the battery pack split open , a flood of glitter diamond , cascade over grant 's leg and onto the floor . grant drop the computer , he eye whipping across the sea of face before he -- who be it ? int . forward baggage compartment - day 231 cahill inching closer to the point with the plastic strip . int . MAIN cabin area - day 232 in the next section aft , alert by the commotion , the terrorist Guard have move through the work station and see grant 's face in profile , raise he weapon to fire , grant still unaware of he presence . suddenly , the Air marshal spring like a jack - in- the - box from he seat , a .357 revolver hold in combat stance . grant react , raise he weapon ... AIR marshal ( shouting ) behind you ! the marshal fire , the terrorist guard rip off he foot , slam into the seat , but firing back as he fall , the marshal hit , spin , drop . Chaos spread through the passenger , grant still probing , search the face before he . suddenly he eye make contact and lock onto a face , a man seat in a aisle seat on the opposite side of the plane and several row forward ... ( continued ) 232 233 234 235 235a 120 . continued : 232 we crash zoom in on the face , the face of the man on the photograph ! grant have find he man . he point he weapon , shouting ... grant freeze ! suddenly , like a flushed quail , the man panic , reach for something wedge between he jacket and the seat . but he finger fumble the object , which fall to the floor . grant everybody , down ! as the man lurch to the floor , grant fire , the bullet exploding into the headrest . grant plant he foot on a armrest and in a wild , crawl scramble across the center section seat , race desperately to beat the man to the detonator . on the floor , the sleeper , with tremble hand , flip open the lid to a six - inch square calculator - like device , rapidly punch in a four-digit code . grant , in a last desperate lunge , go airborne in slow motion , twist and firing as he clear the last row of seat , deliver a fatal head shot to the sleeper , just as the sleeper 's finger touch the detonation switch ! int . forward baggage compartment - closeup detail - 233 macro shot - armature - ( slow motion ) - dusk roaring down towards the contact point , crush down on the very tip of the plastic straw . cahill 's face in total shock . int . MAIN cabin - dusk 234 the light trip off as the circuit breaker be blow , leave everything in semi-darkness . passenger scream . int . first CLASS section - dusk 235 Baker kick open the storage door in the nose , burst into the room . baker' Pov - in infra -red 235a as he race towards the startle terrorist . Baker fire he taser unit , the deadly barb hurtle towards the terrorist 's chest ... 235 B 236 237 237a 238 121 . back to scene 235 B the terrorist throw up he hand , reacting in a electrical spasm as he be hit by the taser , he body surround by a blue-white glow of static-electricity . int . mid - cabin area - dusk 236 the ceiling panel disintegrate as they be blow apart , a powerful flash illuminate the cabin . int . business CLASS - dusk 237 as Rat kick through the sleeper door behind the business class seat . rat' Pov - in infra -red 237a as Ali Hassan and he partner turn in shock . Rat fire the stun - gun , the projectile mushroom into a pancake - size disc which slam into Ali Hassan 's chest , drive he backwards into the cockpit . with he other hand , Rat fire a taser unit into the chest of the other terrorist , electrocute he . int . MAIN cabin - dusk 238 Charlie drop through the hole in the ceiling in silhouette , landing in a crouch as the light flash back on . Charlie recover and stand , firing he hand shotgun , point -blank at the terrorist in the aisleway , spin to take out another with he pistol . the terrorist be knock sideways against the seat , he finger close on the trigger of he automatic weapon , let loose a burst which rake across the cabin , shatter two window . a incredible explosion rip through the plane as the aircraft depressurize , a portion of the hull be rip away like paper , in a instant two row of seat vanish in a gape hole ... oxygen mask drop as overhead bin erupt , the cabin become a hurricane of rushing wind , the plane plummet - ing into a steep dive , the air fill with paper , debris , blanket , food trays , luggage and other fly object . Charlie be suck off he foot and slam against the wall near the gape hole where the window use to be . several passenger grab he , prevent he from go out the window . ( continued ) 238 239 240 241 242 243 122 . continued : 238 Baker , racing down the aisle be also rip off he foot by the implosion , hurl he over several seat and into the wall . he fall , cling to the seat . grant , move towards the terrorist in the rear be knock to the floor by the blast of air rush past he . as he fall , he be hit by a briefcase , knock the pistol from he hand . int . business CLASS section - dusk 239 Rat be suck off he foot and pull down the stairwell amid a whirlpool of rush air and debris . int . cockpit - dusk 240 the Captain grab the yoke as the plane nose over into a steep dive . captain we be lose control ! the Pilot and first Officer frantically fight to regain control of the plunging airplane . ext . 747 - dusk 241 lurch into a radical dive , scream towards the ocean below . int . forward baggage compartment - dusk 242 cahill be throw from the baggage container , across the room , a avalanche of baggage cover he , cappy 's stretcher plunging backwards into the container at a near forty - five , cappy 's head come to rest , inch from the bomb , he good arm pin beneath he body . cappy look up at the bomb as we : zoom in close on the bomb , the plastic straw , still trap between the point by a mere millimeter beginning to vibrate . int . business CLASS - dusk 243 Ali Hassan struggle to he foot . although bleed severely from the mouth and suffer severe internal injury from the stun-gun , he struggle on , craze and unstoppable . he move to the stairwell . ( continued ) 243 244 245 246 123 . continued : 243 Rat be fight to pull himself back up the railing when he look up , see Ali Hassan above he . before he can react , Ali Hassan fire he 9 mm handgun , the impact of the bullet knock Rat down the stair . Ali Hassan follow . int . forward baggage compartment - dusk 244 inch from cappy 's eye the plastic straw vibrate out - of-control . another second ... sweat pour from he face , cappy strain to free he bandage arm from the tape hold it to he chest . he move the clumsy bandage towards the strib . Three inch away , it seem like a mile . cappy struggle , wide -ey , he hand move a fraction of a inch further , but shaking so hard he 's in danger of knock the strip from the point . he move closer . unable to grasp the strip , cappy line up he bandage hand , aim at the strip . with the last of he strength he lunge , push the strip between the point . cappy collapse . int . rear of plane - dusk 245 grant , crawl over the seat , pull himself along , nearly swim over the passenger , try to get to the terrorist in the rear of the plane . the terrorist get to he foot , see grant . he level he weapon but grant leap , grab the terrorist , a struggle ensue for control of the weapon . int . mid - section - dusk 246 the pressure be now beginning to stabilize as Baker fight he way to he foot . he make he way to Charlie , lie in the aisle , nearly unconscious . Baker move through the work station head for the rear of the plane , but as he step into the aisle , Ali Hassan smashes Baker across the face with he pistol , knock he to the floor . in the rear of the plane , Ali Hassan can see the fight in progress between grant and the terrorist . 247 124 . int . rear of plane - dusk 247 grant , struggle to tear the weapon from the terrorist 's hand . as they spin around , the weapon fire , a burst rip through the ceiling . with a final effort , grant knee the terrorist in the groin , twice , rip the weapon free , use it to bludgeon the terrorist to the floor . grant fall as well , the weapon fly from he hand , lodging under a seat . grant , exhaust , nearly sick , struggle to he foot and turn . facing he be Ali Hassan , he face wild and craze . he raise he weapon , leveling it at grant ... but he eye go wide in shock as several shot ring out . blood spurt from Hassan 's mouth as he turn and fall , face down . stand behind he be Fran , grant 's . 22 automatic in she hand . she look at the gun , she hand beginning to tremble . grant take the weapon , bend to pick up Ali Hassan 's weapon as well . as grant roll over the body ... Ali laugh , a grenade in he hand . he pull the pin . instinctively , grant lunge , he hand grab Ali 's , hold it and the grenade handle close . a desperate struggle ensue , Ali fight to release the grenade , grant to keep control of Ali 's hand while try to subdue he . as they slam against the outer bulkhead , grant look up , see a emergency exit door . wrestling himself into position , grant kick upward with all of he strength , the release handle for the door fly , the door pivote outward as the emergency slide , in a explosion of air , extend ... grant break free , shove Ali backwards . as Ali fly out the door , make a desperate grab for the slide , he drop the grenade , spoon fly , the grenade wedge in the doorway . Ali , arm entangle in a safety line , be rip to the end of the slide , flap wildly in the wind . grant kick the grenade , dislodge it from the doorframe , the grenade skitter down the slide . Ali scream ... ali' Pov of slide the 747 in the b.g. , the grenade bound towards he ... 248 249 250 251 252 125 . ext . 747 - day 248 the yellow slide , Ali cling to the end like a tail on a kite , disappear in a fiery explosion . int . forward baggage compartment - dusk 249 cahill , batter and bruise , climb into view , see cappy , uypside down , the plastic strip in place . carefully he crawl into the container , and with a pair of wire cutter , clip through the wire at the bottom of the sphere , lead to the point . he find the com - unit , key the mike . cahill ( to mike ; shaking ) this be cahill . the bomb 's dismantle . we be safe . cahill move alongside cappy , struggle to push the stretcher out of the container . gasp , he put he arm across cappy 's chest , grab he hand . cahill ( exhaust ) cappy , you do it , you do it . cappy ( smile ) we do it , cahill . int . cockpit - dusk 250 the Captain , still fight the control , begin to pull the plane out of its dive . the altimeter read 3,000 foot as the plane begin to level out . ext . 747 - dusk 251 begins to nose upward . int . operation CENTER - dusk 252 Kaplan and he team watch the overhead situation board , indicate the path of the 747 as it begin to gain altitude . technician they be leveling out ... gain altitude , five thousand foot . ( continued ) 252 253 254 126 . continued : 252 over the speaker , a voice break the tension . grant ( v.o. ) ( filter ) Castle rock , this be grant . we be in control of the airplane . the bomb have be defuse . we need a place to land . hugging , back -slapping pandemonium spread through the room like wildfire . major-general ( shouting ) congratulation , Captain . we be diverting you now to carson Air Force base . the F - 14 's will escort you . ext . AIR force base - dusk ( sunset ) 253 where a isolate runway be line with crash truck and other emergency vehicle . the truck spraying the field with fire - retardant foam be just complete they work and be leave the field . all eye look to the sky . wait . over the radio on one of the jeeps , we hear the final report from the Air traffic Control Center . traffic controller ( v.o. ) Flight 343 , now on final approach . emergency crew stand - by . someone point to the horizon . in the red glow of the set sun , we see the familiar sight of the crippled 747 , drift closer to earth . moment later , the airborne monster touch down once again , plow through the foam as the crash truck close in behind , follow it down the runway . int . 747 - day 254 as the plane thunder through the foam , its wheel on solid ground , a incredible , deafen cheer explode from every man , woman , and child , the incredible nightmare ordeal , finally at a end . 255 256 127 . ext . runway - tarmac - night 255 the 747 sit illuminate by powerful floodlight , attach to special crane . the area be heavily guard and sur - round by squad of fire truck , ambulance , military vehicle and a huge , bomb-disposal rig , from which demo - lition expert be unload with a forklift a huge steel box , into which the bomb will be place . the cargo door to the 747 be open and man in eva suit be enter the plane . the terrorist ' body , now in body bag be be place in the bed of a large truck . int . 747 MAIN cabin - night 256 Rat , a i.v. attach to he arm , be carry down the aisle by medic . behind , cappy be gently move on he stretcher , cahill still at he side . as the Air marshal be lift into view on a stretcher , grant appear at he side , shaking he hand . the marshal look up at Fran . AIR marshal ( groggy , sedate ) the magazine . do not know what you be get at until I see he face . grant ( puzzle ) well , whatever you be talk about , you do the right thing . tell this guy to take good care of you . the stretcher be remove , grant turn to Fran . grant thank you ... fran Fran . by the way , you have get a hell of a lot of explain to do . grant let 's just say , we come along for the ride . Rest be ... classified . a Army corporal appear , hand grant a black , aluminum suitcase . ( continued ) 256 257 128 . continued : 256 corporal Captain grant . they be patching Mr. Kaplan through . ( beat ) there 's also a mey only ' message for Colonel Travis . he look at Fran , shrugging . fran I will be up front . grant accept the case , drop into a seat . he open it to reveal a Satellite Communications unit , contain a scrambler telephone , computer keyboard and screen . grant turn it on , type in a access code . on the screen a message appear : executive decision . grant , remember , reach in he pocket , retrieve the mag-code strip . he insert it into the computer . a new message appear : have prepare bon voyage for jaffa . cousin Reggie . grant hit the enter key , the follow appear : executive decision ready . code key access : 04973 / wildfire -1. beside he , the gentle bleep of the telephone be hear . he lift the handset from the black case . grant Captain grant . yes , go ahead . ( line crackle ) yes , Mr. Kaplan . int . pentagon - study - night 257 Kaplan be sit in a easy chair , a drink at he side . he look nearly as weary as grant . kaplan I think I can say , Captain , this be a day either of we will not soon forget . ( beat ) how be the man ? ( continued ) 257 258 129 . continued : 257 grant ( v.o . ) ( faint ) one wounded , one pretty shake but they be both go to make it . kaplan the President personally send he deep thanks . I be sure he will want to meet with you when he return . we all owe you a great debt , Captain grant . thank you . int . 747 - cabin area - night 258 grant listen to Kaplan . grant thank you , sir . kaplan ( v.o. ) we have accomplish a tremendous victory , but we satellite intelligence report indicate that jaffa be just now touch down in North Africa . I hate to see that bastard get away . grant place the black case on he lap and begin to enter something on the keyboard as he talk . on the screen we see : code key access : 04973 / wildfire code key approved / secure line ready for transmit . grant type in : sat -com uplink / able 666 wildfire-1 the screen flash with the data as it be process . grant yes , sir , I agree . I hate to see the bastard get away . the screen flash with new information : sat-com uplink established . wildfire-1 ready to transmit . grant type in : activate : executive decision . ( continued ) 258 259 260 261 262 263 130 . continued : 258 the screen flash : ready to activate : executive decision . ext . NORTH africa - desert landing strip - dawn 259 the executive jet be taxiing into position on a tarmac . in the distance we see that a escort of a dozen vehicle be approach . the plane roll to a stop , the cabin door open . int . 747 - cabin area - night 260 grant be stare at the screen , the word " ready to activate : executive decision " hold steady . we hold on he eye , remember ... he type in : activate . grant the Arabs have a say , ' that who would bare the torch of the devil , shall be consume in its flame . ' his finger hold over the enter key , pause , a slight tremble of hesitation ... ext . NORTH africa - desert landing strip - dawn 261 jaffa appear in the doorway . see the arrive escort , he hold up he arm in a gesture of victory . ext . runway - dawn 262 as the approach escort draw nearer , we see jaffa in the doorway of the jet , he arm raise . in the lead Jeep , a man dress in desert fatigue stand and raise he arm . int . executive jet - baggage compartment - dawn 263 where attach to the airframe be a dozen stick of C - 4 plastic explosive , wire to a electronic transfer box . a tag read : " happy landing , Love and kiss , Reggie . " a relay on the box click ... 264 265 266 267 131 . ext . runway - dawn 264 suddenly the jet erupt into a gigantic fireball , which light up the desert sky for mile . ext . aerial view of desert landing strip - dawn 265 as if see from a satellite , the expand fireball racing across the runway , the escort vehicle turn desperately away . int . 747 - night 266 close on grant 's finger as he release the computer key , the audible click intensify . we go to grant 's face . he breathes deeply , the first relaxed breath in many hour . he close the case and put he head back , close he eye . the mission be over . he get to he foot , walk down the now empty aircraft . reaching the doorway , he step outside , inhale deeply the cold night air . at the bottom of the ramp , Fran be wait . ext . 747 - night 267 grant descend the ramp . he look back at the tower 747 , still majestic despite the gape hole in its side . he turn to Fran . grant let 's get out of here . end credit roll and we : fade out . the end