existenz written by David cronenberg fourth draft October 1 , 1996 int . country church - night the man face we be bearded , sweat , intense , ' joyous . jacket and tie , jeans , fortyish . his name be wittold Levi . existenz . Levi turn to a chalkboard on a tripod and write the word . levi written like this . one word . small e. Capital X , capital Z. he turn back to face a as-yet-unseen audience . levi existenz . it 's new , it 's from antenna Research , and it 's here , right now . we now see Levi 's audience , about seventy - five people , some stand , some sit on plastic fold chair . they be of very mix age and type , but they all cheer and applaud enthusiastically . we be in the central play area of a small , deconsecrate country church , and Levi perform on a broad , low , carpete plywood dais . at the far end of the dais , a man and a woman - assistant to Levi - be carefully lay out about two dozen plastic module that look somewhat like high - tech ski boot . levi my name be wittold Levi , my friend call I witt - and I be the project manager for existenz . I recognize some familiar face - that 's all right , that 's all right . we will not throw you out . we encourage consumer loyalty , and we want you to help we with we product testing . we be a team , antenna and you . a delighted stir from the crowd . levi that of you who have come to we invite seminar before will know that I normally lead the group through we new game , but ( more ) levi ( cont 'd ) tonight , it will not be I . no , for the test launch of existenz by antenna , we have bring you a seminar leader who be rather special . a unbely , excited stir . could it really be ? levi yes , it be . the world 's great game designer be here , in person , to lead you , the first test enclave , through she newest creation , existenz by antenna ... the small crowd be now tremendously excited , wide - eye , murmure , one or two have actually get on they knee . levi I give you , the game - pod goddess herself - allegra geller ! Levi move to the edge of the crowd , work he way into it until he have reach a small , unobtrusive figure who up to now have hardly be notice . she stand next to a security guard who be dress in a suit and tie but carry a electronic wand of some sort . his name - tag identify he as Ted pikul ( rhyme with " Michael " , not with " pickle " ) , and we will see more of he later . as Levi take she hand and gently lead she out of the crowd , she fan applaud softly , touch she hem . they part like water as she pass amongst they , clutching she own personal game - pod case with both hand . she mount the dais like a blind person lead by she see - eye dog . allegra geller , early thirty , conservatively dress , be bright , acutely aware , but wary and control . when she speak , she be deliciously , sexily shy , serious , melodic . geller the world of game be in a kind of a trance . people be program to accept so little , but the possibility be so great . ( pause ) you probably think that tonight , we be go to test a new game that I design . excite murmuring from the crowd . geller but there be no new game to test , at least , not in the usual sense . confused , slightly disappointed muttering . geller no , no , it 's go to be much better than you expect , because existenz be not just a game . it 's a entirely new game system . antenna Research and I develop it together - the existenz system by antenna - and it involve a whole lot of new toy , which you be go to be the first to try out . the crowd 's spirit rise again . Levi step forward , smile , play off the renew energy . levi metaflesh . Levi turn to the chalkboard and write the word . levi written like this . one word . Capital m , capital f. metaflesh be what we new toy be make of - the metaflesh game - pod , only from antenna Research . it connect with any industry standard bioport , which I know you all have or you would not be here ... ( chuckle from the crowd ) .use , however , a very non - standard connect device which we call ... Levi turn again to the chalkboard . levi .we call a umbycord . spell like this . Levi write the word out and then turn back to he by - now - salivate audience . levi I guess you can tell I start off as a schoolteacher . 4 ( appreciative chuckle ) but I never have anything quite so fun or so revolutionary to teach as what allegra and I be go to teach you all tonight . with a theatrical flourish , Levi whirl around to face he two assistant , who have finish lay out they device on the back table and be now stand crisply at attention at either end of it . levi be the metaflesh game - pod by antenna Research ready ? assistant ( together ) yes , Mr ; levi. levi and how many of this precious prototype do we manage to bring with we ? female assistant twenty -one , Mr. levi. Levi 's face cloud slightly . the audience do not hear the follow exchange . levi ( sotto voce ) twenty -one ? I think we have a even two dozen . male assistant the first three we open be ... unhealthy . levi really ? any chance that some of the other ...? female assistant we think we be clean . levi J ( restrained FURY ) god-damn better be . Levi turn back to he audience , radiant once more . levi we have twenty - one prototype metaflesh game - pod , and that mean that for we first wave test enclave we need twenty - one volunteer who will port in this slave unit with the game -pod goddess herself ... Levi do not need to finish he pitch . every hand be wave in the air , and every pair of lip be say , " I , I , oh God , please , let it be I ! " geller can only stand by modestly and beam at the intensity of the small crowd 's enthusiasm . int . country church . minute later - night a short montage as the twenty - one volunteer mount the dais and be fitte with they game gear : the assistant undo the heavy - duty snap lock and split open the ski-boot - like plastic module on the back table . Inside , rest in a lining of dense foam , be what look almost like live kidney : the metaflesh game - pod . coil in each boot toe be the y-shape , multi-player umbycord that come with each pod , a split twelve - foot connector cord that resemble a umbilical cord , twisted , translucent , blue and red veiny vessel run just below the surface . the volunteer watch in hushed reverence , as though about to receive communion . the game - pod be gingerly lift out of they case . the umbycord be uncoil and plugge into port in the back of the game - pod . the shirt , blouse , and jacket of the volunteer be lift at the back to reveal they owner ' bioport , which be small , soft -plastic , flesh - coloured permanent spinal jack position just above the belt line . twenty - two fold chair be place in a circle on the dais . as each volunteer have he umbycord plugge into he bioport , he take one of the seat and place he quivering , rippling game - pod , now connect directly to he nervous system , on he lap . the last chair be take by allegra geller , who be fuss i over and settle by Levi as she unpack she own master game - pod with exaggerated delicacy and be then ported in to the player on either side of she . we end the short montage with the security guard , pikul , stand with arm fold near the church 's side door , watch the proceedings with fascination . a loud knock at the door force pikul to turn away from the action on the dais . he walk over to the door and open it . a hyper , exasperate fan almost tumble into the church . pikul immediately raise he electronic wand and bar he way . pikul hold it . not so fast . in response , the fan thrust a card at he . pikul take the card , a complex invitation card which include a holographic photo of the fan under which float he name , Joel dichter . dichter anxiously look past pikul into the depth of the church , nervously adjust the vinyl case sling over he shoulder . dichter oh , god . I hope I be not too late . do I miss the port - in ? pikul it 's just the first wave . you can be part of the second wave . ( reread the invitation ) ok , Joel dichter . put you arm up . I have to scan you . Metal and heavy synthetics can not come in . dichter ( incredulous ) a weapon check ? pikul more for recording device . lotta money invest in this game . industrial espionage happen . what 's in this case ? dichter I bring my game - pod . it 's get original marway tissue architecture . it 's kind of obsolete but I be hope , ... ( more ) dichter ( cont 'd ) even though I could not afford the antenna Fifteen upgrade , I figure out a method of virtual port that I think might ... pikul use he wand to scan the vinyl case , then open the zipper and feel around . in the case be a more solid , rubbery version of the new metaflesh pod . pikul you will not need it tonight . everything 's provide for . dichter suddenly spot geller on the dais . he almost faint . dichter migod ! be that who I think it be ? . pikul ( with paternal pride ) yeah , that 's she . she 's something , be not she ? dichter but why would a star like she come to a product seminar in a little one- horse town like this ? pikul this be where the real people live , Joel . her real fan , like you . dichter yeah , well , you say it . just like I . dichter have scan ok . pikul wave he into the church to join the spectator who will form the second wave and be - lock the door . on the dais , in the center of the circle of link game player , Levi nod at geller . levi everything 's in order . be you ready , allegra ? T geller ( pumped ) sure . this be my favourite part . there be giddy laughter in the room . geller look at every player - in the circle as Levi step down off the platform and retire to the far edge of the small , watch throng . geller I be ready to download existenz by antenna Research into you all now . I be warning you , it 's go to be a wild ride , but do not panic no matter what happen . I will see you all back here in no time at all . now the giddy laughter go a touch nervous , uncertain , but it 's too late . geller depress a nipple- like protuberance on the game - pod on she lap , and all the player close they eye and go rigid , like member of a seance who have suddenly be contact by the spirit world . the pod in they lap begin a rhythmic , peristaltic rippling . at the edge of the crowd , pikul sidle up to Levi . pikul ( to levi ) she seem to be very shy . it never occur to I that a big star would be shy . levi she spend most of she time alone in a room design she game . I think she would like it best if she never have to show they to anybody . pikul really ? she do not enjoy all the adulation ? levi she hate have to port in with she fan . it 's too intimate . pikul then why do she do it ? levi ( laugh ) we make she do it . I D pikul by " we " you mean , the game company , antenna Research ? a levi ' that 's what I mean . pikul why ? I levi ( suddenly suspicious ) be you with we or do a independent security company send you ? pikul I ? oh , I be with you own management training program . ( show he a card ) I want to end up in marketing and public relation . ( hold up security wand ) the only thing I know about security be how to switch this thing on . levi ( satisfied ) well , for example , we have spend a fortune develop existenz , but we all know it 's a risky project . she might have to make change . it 's the only way we can convince she that there might be a problem . pikul ( puzzle ) a problem with she new game ? levi existenz be a lot more than a game . pikul yeah , right , it 's a game system . I hear that . levi and we be worried that it 's too intellectual , too complex , too weird , too artsy . that argument ; never bother she until she face she fan . she hate to be reject in the flesh , so we make she come out sometimes to take the heat . pikul ( admiringly ) 4 I have hear that she 's very sensitive . a strange , choral hum begin to fill the church . pikul and Levi turn they attention to the dais , where the fan rock and sway with the pulsing of the pod in they lap . pikul what be they do ? levi ( laugh ) it 's the new antenna Research theme song . we think this would be a good way to launch it . everybody who play existenz be go to be very familiar with that tune . haltingly , but gamely , pikul try to hum along . pikul catchy . Levi help he out , and soon the whole room be hum along happily , warm by the antenna Research corporate theme song . the whole room , that be , except for Joel dichter , who , at the edge of the dais , be more concerned with fumble around in the vinyl pod-case hang from he shoulder . in the case , we watch as dichter tear open he obsolete game - pod to reveal a bizarre weapon , a pistol make of bone and gristle , almost like the half - decaye body of a small mammal - whose snout be the barrel , whose rigid hind leg be the trigger . dichter take he weapon out of its case , shake off a few gelatinous strip of game - pod flesh , and step up onto the dais . pikul be the first to notice this . he glance at Levi , who 's still bliss out and hum , then launch himself awkwardly through the crowd . now in the middle of the circle , dichter make he way towards the blissfully unsuspecting geller , raise he weapon as he go . dichter death to existenz ! death to antenna Research ! death to the demoness allegra geller ! p pikul ( to dichter ) no ! do not do it ! dichter turn to see pikul stumbling through the small crowd , scramble onto the dais . distract , dichter hurriedly raise he weapon again and fire it at geller . the first shot hit she in the shoulder and spin she off she chair , which collapse over she and take the second bullet on its seat rim . the circle of player on the dais moan as one , swoon and jostle : they be all feel the neural surge of geller 's traumatize nervous system . peek out from under she fold chair , geller 's eye be wide with fear and confusion . she clutches she shoulder without be aware of it . blood seep in between she finger now Levi and he two assistant scramble onto the platform to get at dichter , who fire wildly , hit two of the player nearest geller . the circle of player immediately go spastic , scream and twitching and drop to the ground and writhe . many of they be clutching they shoulder in the same spot as geller , sympathy pain transmit through they umbycord . pikul manage to tackle dichter , then start whack at he with the security wand . dichter twist around and raise he weapon at pikul , who immediately back off in terror . but before dichter can pull the trigger , the two assistant produce small , normal pistol from hide holster and empty they clip into the prostrate dichter . dichter manage to squeeze off one last shot at the approach jevi , hit he squarely in the chest . Levi go down and be lose amongst the jostling foot . the watch fan pile onto the dais and begin to help the player unplug from the game - pod which be obviously cause they distress . Three of the player attack the die dichter , drag they game - pod after they , kick at whatever part of he they can find in the confuse mass of body . in the turmoil , pikul be knock to the ground . amid the stamp , slide foot , he find himself lie across the stricken - Levi . Levi clutches pikul desperately . levi get she out of here ! save she ! there might be more of they ! go on ! pikul I ? I take she ? levi ( urgent , plead ) we have enemy in we own house . trust no one . trust no one ... the wide - eye pikul scramble to he foot and promptly trip over the all - but-dead dichter . he fall painfully to he knee , struggle up again , and find the bizarre bone gun in he hand . pikul stare at it , fascinate , horrify . he turn back to Levi , but Levi 's eye be roll back as he lose consciousness . the two assistant be make they way towards they through the shove , shuffle throng , gun cocked , face set hard . panicked , pikul jam the bone gun into he suit pocket and jump off the platform , wildly look around for geller . she and she chair have slip off the dais in a heap only a few foot away , and she be in several kind of agony . pikul unport she , which immediately bring she some relief and a lot of clarity . pikul ward off a couple of fan with one arm , scream at they . pikul ( scream ) she 's come with I ! I be responsible for she ! she 's suppose to come with I ! to he surprise , geller laugh a daze , hearty laugh . geller ( laugh ) be I ? with you ? pikul ( quietly , firmly ) yeah , you be come with I . pikul pull she to she foot , but she immediately dive back to the floor to find she game - pod and umbycord . geller ( suddenly near hysteria ) I can not lose this ! I can not lose this ! she find the game - pod still under the fold chair , a bit flatten on one side but in one piece . she grab the game - pod and its umbycord and stuff they into she metaflesh pod case which have be knock to the edge of the dais . as she clutches it to she , pikul take she hand and haul she through the crowd , which be now spilling off the overcrowded dais and clutching at geller fitfully , like velcro . they head for the door , fight everybody off as though they might be lethal . as they leave through the side door , pikul see five or six fan , shriek like monkey , still stomping and kick the body of dichter viciously , hysterically , while Levi 's two assistant carry he to the safety of the church 's apse . ext . country church - night pikul and geller spew out of the doorway and find themselves stand alone in the weedy parking lot of the church . the church itself stand isolate on a country road just outside a town which be not much more than two gas station and a crossroad . pikul and geller look around wildly . the vehicle in the parking lot be country , pickup truck , rusted van , 4x4 . across the road , aloof , maybe too high - class for the parking lot , sit a land Rover defender 110 , the one with the roof cage and the seven seat and the winch hang off the front . geller gesture towards the defender . geller let 's take my limo . pikul ( wild ) no , no ! geller why no ? pikul I do not trust the driver ! geller you drive , idiot ! they cross the road and jump in the defender . france , the driver , sixtyish , a retire lady farmer who moonlight , be apprehensive . france what 's the commotion , miss geller ? say , be you all right ? what 's goin ' on in there ? geller we need this vehicle , and we need it without you . but with the key . france I can not do that . I can not abandon my vehicle . geller pull the weird gun out of a astonished pikul 's pocket . she point it at france . geller get out , france . you can say you be hijacked . france ( chuckle ) it will take more than a dead squirrel to get I out of this seat . geller fire two shot . one rip a hole in france 's headrest . france ( get out of she seat ) you have to push the shift lever down to get it into reverse . geller thanks , france . they drive off down the country road , leave france in the dust . int . defender limo - night pikul drive . he can see why the limo be a off-road vehicle : the road be terrible , dirt and gravel , stutter pothole and sharp ridge , the occasional fall tree . pikul ( manic , scared ) I normally like the countryside , do not you ? normally , the country be relax and calm . geller only if you do not really know what 's go on . pikul what do you mean ? geller there be great stress and anger and violence in the countryside . thousands of life form all scream I I I and try to kill and dominate and devour the other life form . it 's terrifying and exhaust . pikul ( lamely ) well , I like the countryside . geller that 's good , `cause you might end up spend a lot of time here . pikul I might ? geller sure . if you go back home to the city , they will probably be wait for you . pikul they ? geller yeah . my assassin . they would want to have a little talk with you about where I be . pikul I be hope that be just one crazy guy . geller do you hear the way he scream at I ? he be not alone . pikul everybody like a conspiracy . it 's more satisfy than just one crazy guy do one crazy thing . geller go silent . pikul well , what be we go to do out here ? do you know you way around ? you know any country people ? geller not country people . Games people . the countryside 's full of game development people , project co - ordinator , little factory - you name it . pikul that 's weird . I never know that . geller the city 's full of bad microwave , bad thermal , bad electro-optics . you can not shield from it anymore . you can not get true reading . the whole industry move out of the city year ago . pikul so you know you way around . we can hide out . geller maybe . but it seem I have some enemy I do not know I have . " death to allegra geller . " how would you like to hear somebody with a gun scream , " death to Ted pikul " ? pikul wow . ( reflective pause ; then ) hey , how would you know my name ? geller ( indicate he name tag ) you be label . pikul oh. yeah . ( pause ) how do you know how to fire that , gun ? I have never see anything like it . geller it have a trigger . I pull it . pikul can I see it ? geller later . I think I be gonna use it in my next game . if there ever be a next game . pikul glance at she . he hit a pothole and she bounce around in she seat , expose she far shoulder to he . her shirt be soak with blood . pikul migod , you be bleed . I forget you get hit . there be a urgent buzzing from somewhere in pikul 's breast pocket . geller what 's that ? pikul it 's my pink -fone . I be not sure I should answer it . geller answer it . pikul pull the pink -fone - it 's soft surgical plastic , palm -size - out of he pocket . when he squeeze it open , a diffuse pink light swell up from deep inside it . pikul ( into phone ) Ted pikul . ( pause ) what happen ? some fan go crazy and start shoot up the place . I do not know why . he be just nut . allegra geller ? she 's with I . we be ok . yeah . yeah . ( more ) pikul ( cont 'd ) ( pause ) you be kid I . you be kid I ! god. 1 can not believe it . I can not do that . no , how can I do that ? well , I be not really sure where we be because ... geller grab the pink - tone from he . she fumble around with it , try to find the power button . she accidentally summon up a read -out , which she pause to look at . what she see make she glance up at pikul . pikul what ? can I have my pink - tone back ? geller find the power button and push it . the pink inner light flutter out . she unceremoniously throw the pink - tone out the window . it land in a rain ditch full of frog . pikul ( in SHOCK ) what do you do that for ? that be we lifeline to civilization . geller that be a rangefinder . as long as you have that , they know where you be . pikul they ? you mean head office ? geller I mean anybody . ( pause ) I hear what Levi say to you . he say , " we have enemy in we own house . " he say it as he be die . pikul ( flustered ) I do not think he die . I mean , do you ? I think he maybe faint ... maybe he go unconscious ... pikul that be Alex kindre , head of publicity and marketing , at antenna hq ... ( wistful ) .on that very expensive pink - fone you throw away . ( deep sigh ) he say that some bizarre fanatical group call the anti- existenzialist have put a price of 5 million dollar on you head , payable to anybody who kill you . it 's be release to all the media now . everybody know about it . geller ( in disbelief ) anti-existentialist ? pikul no. anti-existenzs . Capital X , capital Z . they somehow find out about existen Z and they want to kill you for create it . they say that the existenz game system will " finally destroy reality " , or something totally nut like that . geller ( strangely satisfied ) yeah . pikul it make sense to you ? you be not suprise ? geller I hear thing . it 's hard to surprise I . ( pause ) and what else ? pikul kindre say that I be you bodyguard and the company be hold I totally responsible for you safety . geller ( pause ) pikul , why do not you have a gun with you ? pikul what ? geller you be not armed . they tell I you be my security but you have no weaponry . pikul who tell you that ? I be just a marketing trainee . my clinic master think I would learn something about marketing if I moonlight as a security guard on one of you test preview . geller fuck . I be mark for death and they send I on the road with a pr nerd . pikul ( realization set in ) Jesus ! marked for death ! geller do not sweat it , pikul . I will handle it . we just have to disappear for a while . and right now , we have to stop . pikul we do ? why ? geller ( deadpan ) so we can have a intimate moment together . ext . country road - night the intimate moment involve pikul digging the bullet out of I geller 's shoulder with a swiss Army knife while kneel in front of the idling defender 's headlight . pikul ' be be squeamish and not get the job do . geller ( irritate ) c'mon . if you be gonna do it , do it . pikul ok , ok . he grit he tooth and dig in with a bit more gusto . something yellow and white , like a kernel of corn , flip out of she wound and onto the road 's shredd asphalt . pikul feel around for it , find it , hold it up to the light . pikul I get it . wow . do somebody bite you ? geller what do you mean ? pikul what I just dig out of you . it 's a tooth . a human tooth . pikul hold the tooth out to she , but she just glance at it , then rummages around in she metaflesh game - pod bag . geller lemme see that weirdo pistol . geller pull the strange weapon out of the bag . after a moment of study , she expertly pop the magazine out of the grip . the gristly magazine be pack with tooth . geller yep . the bullet be human tooth . look - this one 's get a cavity . pikul that thing be design to get past any kind of metal or synthetics detector . it 's all flesh and bone . geller I suppose the smaller caliber pistol would have to fire baby tooth . the tooth fairy could go I into the arm business . pikul ( incredulous ) that guy really come there tonight just to kill you . geller 4 ( with irony ) amazing , be not it ? ext . motel - night we follow the defender as it park outside the salmon Falls Motel . pikul jump out carry two paper bag of perky Pat 's takeout . he knee the truck door shut and walk over to motel door 5 . int . motel room - night Inside the very basic motel room , pikul sit hypnotize , reverentially watch geller as he obsessively pack the greasy remain of they perky Pat burger into the smallest possible paper bundle . geller be sit in the middle of she twin bed , she pod before she on a hotel towel which be drape over she lap , umbycord jack into she bioport , a second towel slip off she shoulder leave she almost naked , she shoulder wound livid in the 25 - watt light of the night table lamp . her hand twitch delicately over the surface of the pod like insect antennae , so delicately that we be not sure that she be actually touch the pod . her eye be half - close , and she be obviously in some kind of trance - like , ecstatic state . finally , she come out of it and unplug she umbycord , discretely rearranging she towel in the process . she sigh and speak , not exactly to pikul . geller the whole gamesworld be in a kind of trance . pikul yes . I remember you say that at the church . J geller people be prepare to accept so little . they be in a'cage form out of they own limited ( more ) geller ( cont 'd ) expectation . they have no idea what amazing thing could be theirs . pikul where be you just now ? what be you do ? geller ( a worried frown ) I be wander through existenz - the new system , I mean . ( a shy , sexy smile ) I like it in there . of course , without another player you be only a tourist . it 's frustrating . pikul why will not you let I contact antenna ? they have get to be go crazy , wonder what 's happen to you . I mean , it 's not like we have do something wrong . we just run because we do not know how many of they there be , right ? I think we owe it to antenna to let they know you be all right , to get they to send somebody to help you who know what he 's do ... and besides , I can not ... I can not just keep do this , whatever it be , you know , forever , not have any idea when it 's go to be ... geller get up and go over to pikul . she pull up he shirt . pikul hey , what be you do ? geller where 's you bioport ? do not tell I you be never fitte . I can not believe it . pikul shrug he shirt back down , start tucking it in . pikul no , I be never fitte with a bioport . what do you care ? geller you be hope to get into the biz and you have never play one of my game . you have never play any game . that mean you have no idea % what a genius I be . pikul ( lamely ) my clinic master tell I I do not need to play a game to know how to sell it . geller bullshit . posture . you do not play my game , you do not work for antenna Research , I will make sure of that . pikul look , I have be die to play you game . but I have this - phobia about have my body penetrate - surgically . you know what I mean . geller I be not so sure I do . pikul get a bioport fitte ... I dunno . I can not do it . it 's too freaky . make my skin crawl . geller God , c'mon . they just pop you spine with a little hydro - gun . shoot the port - plug into it . they do it at mall , like get you ear pierce . pikul yeah , sure . with only a infinitesimal chance of permanent spinal paralysis . I have read all about it . geller it 's you choose profession , geek . she pause , then move very close to he . she breathes she word slowly , intimately , into he ear . geller ( hotly ) there 's a intimacy involved in play existenz that be beyond description . it have to be experience . and frankly , the two - player version be the most exquisitely intense . would not you like to play with I ? pikul ( he resolve be crumble ) well , yeah , of course , but ... let I , uh , let I call antenna ... geller ( a gentle threat ) they would not want to talk to you if they know you have never have a bioport install . it 's company policy , you know . they want you to be passionate about you work . ( very seductive ) besides , once you be ported , there 's no end to the game you can play . pikul ( he's sweat ) you can not seriously want to play game now . not here . not while we be be hunt down by crazy people . _ geller sigh , then switch into she explain - the-facts - of - life- to-a-child mode . geller ( cradling she pod ) my baby here take a huge hit in the church , pikul . you see how she 's quivering ? pikul take a look . the pod be , in fact , quivering like a terrify hamster . pikul it ... she , yes , she 's quivering . R geller ( emotional ) when that umbycord get rip out of she in the church , rip ( more ) geller ( cont ' D ) out just as the game architecture be be download from she to all that slave pod ... that 's a very vulnerable time for she . she could be cry out for help right here , right now . ( choking up ) the only way I can tell if everything 's ok - the game 's not be contaminate , the pod , my baby , be not about to be crippled for life because of my negligence - the only way be to play existenz with somebody friendly . be you friendly , or be you not ? pikul ( pause ) sure , all right . ( he might have find a way out ) let 's do it ... let 's do it now . let I see . ( check he watch ) to get a illegal , unregister bioport install at about midnight - we just drive up to you local country gas station , right ? ext . country gas station - night the defender be park by the pump . a gangly pump attendant - he name , embroider on he overall , seem to be Gas - fill the truck as pikul and geller hover nervously . gas anything else I can do for you ? geller well , Gas , you could check you bioport - plug . gas the what ? the sparkplug ? geller you hear I . my friend here have a bioport problem . gas ( cool ) a bioport , now , that 's a sort of a hole in you spine , be not it ? lotta asshole `round here , but that 's generally it . I do not know why you would be talk to I about that , lady . geller smile a know smile . geller sure you do . Gas look at she closely for the first time . his eye widen in disbelief . he pull a greasy wallet out of he overall and flip out the card holder . amongst various family photo , hot rod photo , fishing photo , be a photo of allegra geller clipped from a glossy magazine . under the photo be the legend " genius in a game - pod " . Gas take she hand in he and kiss it . gas allegra geller . you change my life . int . gas - station garage - night pikul sit on a mouldy , greasy , plump , wingback chair in the corner of the gas-station garage , watch Gas balance shakily on one leg as he put on a fresh set of overall . pikul what be you life like before ? gas before ? pikul before it be change by allegra geller . gas I operate a gas station . pikul but you still operate a gas station , do not you ? gas only on the most pathetic level of reality . geller 's work liberated I . pikul liberate ? gas do you ever play she game artgod ? one word , capital a , capital g? pikul I do not have a bioport , remember ? gas " thou , the player of the game , art God . " very spiritual . funny , too . God , the artist . the mechanic . ( chuckle to himself ) funny . Gas zip up he fresh overall . pikul ( uneasy ) that be sterile , be they ? gas not to worry . they way they set thing up , you could fire in a bioport in a slaughterhouse and not generate a infection . pikul then why the clean overall ? gas it 's a mental thing . help I focus . the one thing you do not want to do be miss with the stud - finder . pikul oh , God . gas ( big smile ) God , the mechanic . z'r Gas slide open a drawer of he red metal mechanic 's roll toolbox and pull out a greasy device that look like a carbon - fibre voltage meter . gas we call this thing a stud-finder . ' it locate the spot on you spine where the x intersect with the y. we do not want to be even a micron out of whack . that 's when you get trouble . it 's a little radar / sonar / laser thingee . Marks you with a special range- find dye . pikul never say dye . gas lift up you shirt and turn around . ext . gas station - night in the heat of the summer night , game - pod case still sling over she shoulder , geller wander around the periphery of the gas station , touch thing - tree , the ground , grass - at random , she expression suggest that everything she see be amazing and delightful and slightly disturbing , like someone who have wander into a sculpture garden where everything be perfect in every detail except that everything be make out of bronze . int . gas - station garage - night Gas pull the trigger on the stud-finder , then remove it from pikul 's back . we see a small purple flower - mark , like the kind that mark side of beef , on the skin over pikul 's spine just above the belt line . pikul stand up from he kneel position on the wingback chair . he stretch , twist . everything seem to be all right . gas see , that do not hurt , do it ? pikul I do not expect that to hurt . I expect the next part to hurt . Gas pull the bioport insertion gun out of another drawer , this time a lock wooden one bolt under he metal - top work bench . it be a scary thing , like a hydraulic jack design by giger , only smaller . pikul yeah , that 's what I expect will hurt . gas I have never crippled anyone yet . pikul how many have you do ? gas Three . well , you will be the third . ext . gas station - night we be close on a bizarre insect which sit unsteadily on the chrome of a gas pump handle . geller 's hand come into frame and gently ease the creature into its palm . geller float she hand closer to she face and study the creature with a expression of rapture on she face . the insect be large , praying mantis-size , and it have two head , neither of which seem to know how to deal with the other one . each time it attempt to move , it fall over in a awkward heap because its leg be all different size and shape . it beat its large , papery wing wildly in order to pull itself upright and then begin the whole clumsy process all over again . eventually , its wing action lift it off geller 's hand - more by accident than will , it seem - and the creature disappear in the darkness surround the gas pump . int . gas - station garage - night geller enter the garage and see pikul with he back to the wall of the service bay and a large wrench in he hand , poise and threaten . Gas stand twenty foot away , he insertion gun at the ready . a mexican standoff . geller what 's go on , Gas ? gas Hell , he 's act like I be attackin ' he . people usually pay me.to do this , you know . 11 pikul yeah . all two of they . as you can see , I have decide not to have a bioport install . 31 geller walk over to pikul and put she face quite close to he . he watch she lip move from the corner of he eye . they . be full and moist and convincing . geller this be it , you see . this be the cage I be talk about , the cage of you own make which keep you trap and pace about in the smallest possible space forever . break out of you cage , pikul . break out now . int . gas - station garage . moment later - night wearing mechanic 's work glove , Gas fire in the bioport plug . its impact knock the breath out of pikul , like be kick in the spine ; he can not even scream . when Gas pull the insertion device away from pikul 's back , we see the glossy plastic head of the bioport plug . it 's surround by a small , angry - look volcano of rashy , irritate flesh . geller that swell do not last for long . tomorrow , you will not even notice it . pikul I love it . great . pikul try to get up from the wingback chair and promptly collapse into the arm of geller and Gas . pikul ( panic - stricken ) what 's go on ? I can not walk ! gas the procedure come with its own epidural , just like when you have a baby . kinda like instant paralysis from the waist down ? that 's why it do not hurt you . it will wear off in about twenty minute . as they ease pikul into a sit position in the chair , Gas almost drop the insertion gun which he have be hold in one hand . he lean it against the wingback chair , and pikul notice blood and fleck of skin on Gas 's work glove . pikul you be look more like a butcher than a mechanic . gas thing do get kinda confuse this day , do not they ? I be gonna go wash up . you two make yourselves at home . Gas stride off towards the washroom with a air of great satisfaction . geller ease she game - pod out of its case and start to attach its two - player , y-shape umbycord to it . pikul what be you do ? geller we do not have to wait for the swell to go down . pikul you be go to port into I ? while I be paralyse ? geller you want to play my game , do not you ? pikul yeah , I do , and I do , but ... here ? now ? geller it 's a instant - on world , be not it ? she lift up he shirt to reveal the new bioport . it already look a bit less angry than it do before . geller caress it , prod it , play with it . then she take out a little bottle of WD - 40 and spray it around and into the port . pikul what 's that for ? it feel cold . geller New port be sometimes a bit tight . would not want to hurt you . pikul how come bioport do not get infect ? I mean , they open right into you body ... geller listen to what you be say , pikul . do not be ludicrous . pikul ( very nervous ) do not you think you could call I Ted ? geller maybe afterwards . geller gently work she umbyjack into pikul 's bioport . she lock she eye onto he , then squeeze she game - pod 's on teat . instantly , she pod convulse and begin to flash and spark and crackle . White electronic smoke seep from its crevice and a kind of bioelectronic fat sputter from its pore . geller leap up from the arm of the chair and rip she umbyjack out of pikul 's spine . he can not feel it , but the furious force of she move twist he in he chair . geller ( furious ) shit , pikul ! I can not believe this ! I trust you and you blow my pod ! you must have neural - surge ! pikul what do you mean ? geller ( in despair ) I jack you into my pod and you obviously panicked . now it 's totally fuck ! this be a disaster ! pikul I .. I be nervous , but I do not panic . geller ( fighting hysteria ) I be force to trust you and you panicked and you neural - surge , and you blow my pod . pikul you can get a new pod ... geller ( she heart be break ) pikul , in this pod be the only , the original version of existenz , a entire game system that cost thirty - eight million to develop , not include pre-release marketing cost . and I be lock outside of my own game ! I can not get it out , or I in ! pikul be you serious ? this be the only version that exist ? geller Security be everything this day . it 's the only one and its stick inside and it 's you fault . geller use she sleeve to clean the drool off the pod with tragic gentleness , as though it be a injure child . geller ( fight back tear ) I have devote my five most passionate year to this strange little creature . and I have never regret it , pikul , because I know that it be the only thing that could give my life any meaning ... pikul but why be it my fault ? I be tell you , I do not , I do not neural - surge . I do not . I do not feel any surging . Gas stroll into the garage , still wear he work glove , which now hold a agricultural - look shotgun . it be levell at geller . gas it be not you fault . it 's my fault . pikul look at Gas in disbelief . his foot begin to writhe in circle , but he still can not get out of the chair ; geller back away from Gas , clutching she pod protectively . geller ( quietly ) oh , no , Gas , not you . 3= gas I would not try to use that bioport again , icept maybe for a toaster or something . geller what 's go on ? gas you be worth a lot of money . if you be dead . pikul what be you talk about ? gas you know what I be talk about . it 's all over the countryside . five million for she dead body . no question ask . pikul but , but ... she change you life . gas yup . and now I be gonna change hers . pikul ( stalling ) but wait ... why do you install a bad port into I ? gas seem there 's a big bonus for kill allegra geller 's latest game , or whatever it be . I think I just do that , do not I ? geller decide to try another tack . she stop back away and begin to slowly approach Gas . geller but can you kill a person ? can you do that , Gas ? can you kill I ? hide my body . contact the crazy . trust they to pay up . Hand over my now - decaye , fuck grotesque corpse . really expect they to hand over 5 mile cash ? do not you ever go to the fuckin ' movie ? gas I like you script . I want to be in it . Gas cock he shotgun . he 's really go to do it . except that pikul shoot he right in the mastoid bone , just behind the ear , with the bioport insertion gun . the back of Gas 's skull shatter and he go down hard . pikul drop the gun and launch himself out of he chair . he fall to he knee beside Gas 's body . pikul oh , God , I think he 's dead . I think I could just distract he . geller you do distract he . ( to Gas 's body ) plug you toaster into that hole , corpse ! int . defender - night geller drive . pikul hang on in the passenger seat . pikul he want to kill you . geller yep . pikul that 's two people in one day who want to actually kill you . geller I have never be more popular . pikul allegra , we need help . geller you be right . I have get to get this pod fix . ext . mountain road - day the defender wind its way up a heavily wood mountain road . ext . caledon ski club - day the defender turn off a dirt road and rumble through a open gate . the stone gatepost bear a coy rustic sign which read , caledon ski club - private road . int . defender - day pikul we be go ski ? geller nothing in the countryside be what it seem . it 's all appearance versus reality , and the reality here be something unique . ext . caledon ski clubhouse - day the defender pull up beside the chalet - style ski clubhouse . as they get out of the truck , the same bizarre insect that geller be play with the night before land on the truck 's side mirror , narrowly miss pikul as it flop around in the air . pikul look at that huge bug . it 's get two head . geller ' they breed they here . they be not suppose to get away . they get out and walk towards the clubhouse . pikul what if somebody come up here and really want to ski ? geller nobody actually physically skis any more , pikul . you know that . pikul I have watch some ski show . downhill racing , austrian alp . geller ( contemptuously ) yeah , right . int . caledon ski clubhouse - day pikul and geller enter the clubhouse . there be nobody around . it look like a real ski clubhouse , complete with rack of ski pants and ski boot . but when pikul examine the goods , he can see that they be old and crack and fall apart . they have be there for year . ` a man come out of a back room , early sixty , authoritarian air , eastern - european . he be kiri vinokur , and he light up when he see geller . vinokur my darling allegra . I be so pleased to see you here . they embrace . geller kiri vinokur , this be my bodyguard , Ted pikul . vinokur hello , yes , I hear the ridiculous story about this fatwa against you . the company be desperately try to find you . be it really serious ? be you in danger ? pikul if I be she bodyguard , then she 's in grave danger . geller there have be a couple of attempt on my life already . vinokur ( shocked ) no ! that 's unbearable . the company must stop this . they owe you every kind of protection . geller I do not know if they can do anything about it . it seem to be open season on I . vinokur , well , you will be safe here , I can assure you of that . I will contact antenna right away and have they send some people to come and collect you . geller kiri , no , do not . you must not let anybody know we be here unless you have to . I can not be sure that antenna be completely safe for I . vinokur I understand . yes . the company draw many eccentric people into its fold . you can hide in one of the guest chalet . as long as you like . I will make sure you get fresh towel ... geller pat she game - pod case . geller .and make sure I do not lose everything I have in here . int . workshop chalet - day in the strange atmosphere of the workshop chalet , vinokur be take geller 's pod apart . it be more like surgery on a alien life form than computer electronics . the room feel like a weird combination of a hi-tech operate room and a woodwork class . a cherubic middle - age man - landry - who look more like a farmhand than a electronics technician , assist vinokur as he work . vinokur what do you port into ? geller pikul 's bioport . vinokur really ? that 's what do all the damage ? pikul it be a flaw installation - my first . it ... it neural - surge . allegra say you can fix it . vinokur it fry some very expensive nerve board . see ? here . this be kaput . it 's a complex thing . pikul nerve board ? vinokur we use the nervous system of specially - breed insect to create the electronic circuit on we motherboard . ( smile ) only antenna Research have it . pikul wow . and where do the battery go ? vinokur very funny . geller he 's not kid . he 's a total pr nerd . ( to pikul ) it port into you , and you be the power source . you body , you nervous system . you energy . when you get tired , run down , it will not run properly . vinokur landry here will finish up the pod-work . meanwhile ... ( to pikul ) let 's get that nasty bioport out of you and get a nice , fresh one in there . we have guest chalet out back . you be both welcome to stay . now where do I put my bioport - plug puller ..? here it be . vinokur haul out a device that look like a pair of spring - load fire tong . vinokur ( to pikul ) lie down on that couch and pull up you shirt . int . guest chalet - night in they chalet , a cozy and inn-like 'space , pikul and geller examine he new bioport while sit on one of the chalet 's twin bed . the region around the port look swollen , bruise and tender . pikul it hurt . I think it 's infect . geller it 's not infect . it 's just excited . it want action . she attempt to jack she pod into he port use the y - shape umbycord , but he twist away from she . pikul but I really do not think that I want action . I , I mean . the bearer of the excited bioport . what I want be ... not now . not here . I feel too ... too expose . geller sigh , then switch into she explain - the-facts - of - life- to-a-child mode . they be both aware that they be replaying a earlier moment . geller ( cradling she pod ) my baby here have now take three major hit , one in the church , one in the gas station , and one on the operate table . the only way I can tell if everything 's ok - the game 's not be contaminate , the pod 's not fuck - be to play existenz with somebody friendly . be you friendly , or be you not ? pikul swallow nervously , then turn he back to geller so that she can port in . pikul you be tell I this thing will run off my body 's energy ? geller ( porting in ) that 's how they work . see ? you be hummin ' along already . sure enough , he be . geller deftly twist the second jack into she own bioport and take a deep breath . geller all right . existenz . only from antenna . here we go . pikul ( apprehensive ) you have get a bit of a unfair advantage , do not you ? how can I possibly compete with the designer of the system ? geller you could beat the guy who invent poker , could not you ? geller flick the game - pod nipple , and the chalet begin to melt away around they . int . game store - night the chalet melt away and be replace by a scruffy game store . a lot of kid and strange adult mill around amongst the dusty rack and pinball machine , examine package of weird game and game device , mutter secretively to each other , and it be amongst this dull row of shelf that pikul and geller find themselves stand . a cashier work away behind a old - fashioned cash register that sit on a tall counter . the cashier , a gangly , sallow young man , glance at pikul and geller suspiciously from time to time . pikul feel himself ' , he clothes , move he arm , he tongue . he feel around behind he but there be no game - pod or umbycord in sight . pikul that be beautiful . I feel ... just like I . be that kind of transition normal , a kind of smooth dissolve from place to place ? geller depend on the style of the game . you can get jag , brutal cut , slow fade , shimmer little morph ... pikul this be amazing . I have no idea . we ... we be still ourselves , but we be in the game . where be we ? geller it 's basically a game store I use to hang out in as a kid . pikul 4 ( enchanted ) be you serious ? geller we be ported into a game - pod together , remember ? existenz have complete access to both we central nervous system . its game architecture will be base on we memory , we anxiety , we preoccupation ... pikul ( disenchanted ) be you serious ? geller you keep say that . ( examine a game - pak ) look at this . Games I have never hear of . biological Father . hit by a car. viral ecstasy . chinese Restaurant . ( read pak back ) in viral ecstasy , you be a virus invade a specific human body . you create ingenious viral strategy to cope with the effort of the body 's immune system to destroy you ... " pikul wait a minute . that remind I . what precisely be the goal of the game we be play now ? I mean , the rule , the objective ... nobody 's ever really say anything about what you have to do in existenz . geller the beauty of existenz be that it change every time you play it . it adapt to the individual who be actually play it . the result be that you have to play the game to find out why you be play the game . pikul but that 's kind of cheating , be not it ? not to say confusing . geller not at all . it 's a much more organic approach to game than classic , arbitrary , rule - dominate game . it 's the future , pikul . you will see how natural it feel . pikul ( distracted ) look at this . could this be the future too ? ( pick up a game - pod ) ever see anything like this before ? they be look at a game - pod in a gel - pak that be even weirder than a tissue - pod . it have a logo and a name - cortical systematics . suddenly , a hand reach into the frame and take the pak away , put it neatly back on the rack . pikul and geller look up at a man in he early fifty , gray , thinning hair , beefy , generally harry and pugnacious air . the man be Dorsey nader . nader this be delicate . you have to be careful . pikul yes . I can imagine . nader cortical systematics be the latest and the hot . not just a new game , but a new system . geller will it work with a industry standard bioport ? nader ( ignore she question ) I have not see you two before , have I ? this be my place . haimische , be not it ? funky ? pikui , we be new in town . nader welcome to Dorsey nader 's game emporium . I be Dorsey nader . be there anything I can help you with ? geller we be just look . nader ( furtively ) I have what you be look for . pikul you do ? nader follow I . nader turn he back on they and walk to the back of the store . he stop at a warpe and dirty door , turn , beckon to they urgently , try not to be notice by the preoccupy patron . as pikul and geller follow nader through the door , they do not escape the notice of the sour- face young cashier , who write something down hurriedly on a pad with a air of vengeful self - importance . int . stockroom . game store - night pikul and geller find themselves in a stockroom jamme to overflow with package and naked game - related merchandise . they be alone with nader , and they be all sit on wooden crate . nader rummages on the shelf behind he for a moment , then turn back to they with a gel - pak in he hand . he study they for a moment , hefting the gel- pak in he hand . nader ( pause ) who send you ? pikul ( instant response ) it 's none of you businesz who send we . we be here , and that 's all that matter . pikul be shocked at he own response . he turn to geller in horror , worried that he 's blow the game already . pikul oh God , what happen ? I do not mean to say that ! geller ( giggling ) it 's you character who say it . it 's a kind of schizophrenic feel , be not it ? but you will get use to it . there be thing that have to be say to advance the plot and establish the character , and that thing get say whether you want to say they or not . do not fight it . just go with it . pikul but should you be say that in front of he ? nader ? geller look at he . pikul do . nader do not seem to have hear he . in fact , he do not respond at all other than to hum the antenna Research corporate - song and tap he finger repetitively , catch in a small behavioural loop . geller chuckle at pikul 's confusion . pikul ( re nader ) what 's he do ? geller he 's go into a game loop , he 's lock up , and he will not come out of it until you give he a proper game line of dialogue . pikul this be tricky . geller start by repeat you last line . include he name so he know you be talk .to he . 4 - pikul we be here , Dorsey nader , and that 's all that matter . nader immediately come out of he loop . he chuckle . nader you be right . that be all tha matter . pikul smile , delighted . now he take a deep breath , close he eye , relax . the line come . pikul well , nader , you say you have what we want . we be wait . nader you be go to need this micro - pod to download you new identity . I assume that you both have have that industry standard bioport you mention install . geller yes , of course , that 's right . we both have bioport . here she pause , look at pikul . geller we do , do not we ? pikul I assume we do . I mean , here . in the game . of course , we might not . geller we would better check . while nader go into game lock - up , geller lift up she shirt . pikul take a look . her bioport be there , although slightly rougher , pucker , more organic than in non- game life . pikul yeah , it 's there . look a little different , but it 's there . geller grab pikul 's shirt and lift it . his be there too . geller I see what you mean . ( to nader ) yes , we both have bioport . nader ( unlocking ) good . Port in and this will tell you all you need to know for now . pikul and geller examine the pak , which bear the cortical systematics name and logo . it seem to be a miniature version of they real - life game - pod . nader I be go to leave while you finish up here . it would not be good for we all to be see together . nader get up to leave , pause at the door . nader do not do anything I would not do . nader chuckle a very theatrical chuckle , then leave . pikul I assume that nader be we entry point into the game . geller yeah . kinda disappoint . pikul nader ? geller yeah . not a very well - draw character . and he dialogue be just so-so . pikul yeah . ( pause ) do we blame ourselves for that ? the bad dialogue ? or would it be bad no matter who be ported in ? geller the game engine be just get use to we . it will get more dare once it warm up . 49 geller fumble the micro-pod out of its vacuum - pak shell . she read the instruction on the back . geller ok . the pod be so small they plug directly into the bioport . geller delicately twist the end of the micro-pod into pikul 's bioport . the micro-pod change colour , pulse , ripple , and then slowly flow and wriggle its way into pikul 's bioport until it have completely disappear . geller God ! pikul what happen ? geller the whole pod just disappear into you back . pikul ( panicky ) it disappear into my back ?! it ... it 's in my spine ? it 's wind its way around my spinal cord ? geller do not panic , it 's just a game . do you feel anything yet ? pikul ( control he fear ) no , I do not . not a thing . I do not feel a thing . uh , do you want I to do you ? they change position . pikul port in the micro-pod and it duly crawl its way into geller 's bioport . tenderly , as though kissing a cut to make it better , pikul kiss she back , low near she bioport . geller whirl around with sudden anger . geller what the hell be that ? pikul ( confuse ) that be not I . that be my game character . I would not have do that . not here , anyway . she pause , then kiss he on the mouth , hard . geller you be right . we character be obviously suppose to jump on each other . probably to create emotional tension when danger happen . no use fight it . pikul ( fighting it ) what about we new identity ? do you feel yours yet ? geller ( caressing ) they will take care of themselves . pikul ( pause ) I be very worried about my body . geller stop , sit up . geller you what ? pikul I mean , where be we real body ? be they all right ? be they hungry ? what if there 's danger ? geller ( kissing and caress again ) they be just where we leave they , sit quietly , eye close . just like meditate . pikul ( reluctantly kissing and caressing back ) I do not know . I feel really vulnerable . disembody . geller do not sweat it . all you sense be still operate . you will pop right out of the game if there 's a problem . they begin to make seriously hot love amrngst the game pak and carton of replacement umbycord . and then the game store melt away around they . int . trout farm . assembly line - day pikul find himself sit at a immensely long bench in the process of assemble insect motherboard along with many other worker . pikul can still feel the warmth of geller 's body , but she 's nowhere to be see . a gritty , narrow conveyor belt run down the middle of the bench , upon which float a endless stream of motherboard part which the worker pick off as they need they . the belt begin and end in the anonymous smoky innard of the building . the place , a high - ceiling pre-fab , long and narrow with hundred of blank - out window , house a game - pod assembly line . pikul look down to find himself wear a photo - id card clipped to he shirt pocket that tell he he be somebody name larry ashen . he have to twist the card around because , of course , from he vantage point it be upside down . nourish tryin ' to remember who you be ? pikul snap he head up to see a long -haire , morose - look worker sit next to he , snicker . mock pikul , he twist he own card around , comically bunching up he work shirt so he can read he own name , which be yevgeny nourish . nourish hey , it work ! I must be yevgeny nourish ! nourish lean over to squint at pikul 's name tag . nourish and you ... you be new to the trout farm . pikul yes. I ... I be ... very new . do you say trout farm ? nourish you know - raise baby trout from egg and then stock the river with they . ( broad gesture ) entire place use to be a trout farm . seem like most everything use to be something else , do not it ? pikul look around he . the place be hum , but geller be still nowhere in sight . the worker be small - town local o_  a wide range of age . pikul look down at he own hand , which seem to , know what to do : place glue on the board , glue they down to a resin frame use a template , insert needle - like electrode into the body of certain epoxied insect . the insect board , pikul note , be actually whole insect coat in epoxy and freeze together like a sick collage . at least , here in the game they be . pikul be now automatically do flashy move with the odd material in front of he with great dexterity . nourish take note of this . nourish I ( with admiration ) you might be new but you seem to know what you be do . pikul ( genuinely perplexed ) it surprise I more than it surprise you . nourish move back to the insect motherboard that he have be work on , then lean over again exactly as he do the first time . it have the effect of a instant replay , but not in slow-motion . nourish ( with admiration ) you might be new but you seem to know what you be do . pikul realize he have not give the right answer . he now just let it come without think . pikul I , ah ... I have be train by the very best . nourish unlock and look around with a delicate furtiveness . nourish ( furtive ) so have I . where do you plan to have lunch ? pikul I be new here . I have no plan for lunch . nourish 11 I suggest the chinese restaurant in the forest . everybody know where it be . just ask . pikul wo not you be go there too ? nourish I have other plan for lunch . but I do suggest that you order the special . and do not take no for a answer . pikul all right , I will do that . nourish turn back to he task and begin to work away as though pikul do not exist . pikul take this cue to go back to he own board and be soon preoccupy with testing the board 's circuit by port it into a test umbycord that uncoil from the center of the bench . his strange reverie , watch himself work on auto - pilot at this bizarre task , be soon interrupt by a worker push a canvas and metal cart with bicycle wheel . the worker park the cart behind pikul and tap he on the shoulder . worker Larry ? pikul ( startled ) yes ? worker they need this in the back room . they ask for you . the worker shuffles off , leave the cart behind he . pikul turn to nourish . pikul what 's that mean ? nourish ( gesture ) it mean that they want you in the back room . they need more insect board for the pod assembly bay . pikul should I just get up and go there ? nourish yeah . I will take care of you income board . pikul get up to go . nourish grab he by the arm and whisper intensely . nourish remember . the chinese restaurant for lunch . pikul I order the special . int . trout farm . pod assembly bay - day pikul enter the huge back wing of the trout farm and walk along a rampway , push he cart past the pod assembly - bay area . there , pod very much like the one he and geller be ported into back home be be assemble - motherboard insert , internal port connect , fleshy housing like the corpse of small amphibian sewn up - by small team of worker . the bay themselves be old horse stall with straw still cover the dirt floor . but because the pod be primarily organic , the team be more like group of mask surgical worker in a series of impossibly small and filthy operate room than , let 's say , auto -assembly team in a progressive saab plant . as pikul wheel he cart past each stall , he dig into the cart 's canvas bag and deliver insect board wrap in brown wax paper to the eagerly await pod team . in the last bay , one of the mask surgeon grab he by the hand instead of take the profer motherboard pnd lead himm to a isolate corner . her id card say she be barb brecken , and she photo say she be geller . geller , ( slip off she mask ) I see you make contact , Larry ashen . what do the guy on the .l assembly line say to you ? pikul 's expression show that there be a return game line welling up in he mouth , tickle he tongue , perhaps . perversely , he fight it , but it come out anyway . pikul he tell I where to have lunch . ext . chinese restaurant in the wood - day a rag stream of pod-assembly worker trickle along a densely wood gravel path towards a very un - chinese victorian red-brick farmhouse . a small river flow not more than fifty foot from the restaurant , mimick the movement of the line of worker . the worker all file past a sign on the lawn in front of the building which read , mona zhang' beijing cuisine . int . chinese restaurant in the wood - day pikul and geller be seat at a round Formica - cover table with a lazy Susan serve wheel in the centre of it , all very mandarin in style . other worker sit sullenly at they table , wordless , suspicious . a restaurant dog , a mongrel with a lot a heavy , collie-like fur , lie bask in a pane of sunlight . in a corner . the waiter , a young , athletic chinese man , come over bring rice and tea . waiter we have nice sea bass today . shall I bring it for everyone ? pikul and geller exchange a look . pikul shrug ok . pikul we want the special . the waiter look stunne . the other at they table look distress . the waiter seem to lock up , almost freeze - frame . pikul do you hear I , chinese waiter ? ( slowly ) we want the special . the waiter unfreeze , smile grimly . waiter the special be for special occasion . I can not give you the special . pikul but this be a special occasion . it 's ... pikul pause , wait for the proper game line to materialize in he mouth . finally , it do . he gesture towards geller . pikul it 's she birthday . the waiter lock up for a moment , then unfreeze . waiter a birthday be a special occasion . I will therefore bring the special for everybody . the waiter walk away . the other at the table get up and move away , drift over to other table with occasional furtive backward glance at pikul and geller . pikul I guess the special be not very popular . geller I guess . pikul but you know , really , do not you ? you do not have to guess . I mean , it 's you game , you little universe . geller I do not know . you have to understand that , to understand what we have really create with existenz . pikul you be tell I , for example , that you do not know what the special be ? geller correct . I do not . pikul or why we order it . geller we order it because another game character tell you to . that 's a clue we can not ignore . but that 's just basic game play . pikul I want to put the game on pause . geller just look at he , puzzle . pikul panic . pikul ( panicking ) the game can be pause , can not it ? I mean , all game can be pause , right ? geller sure , yeah , but why ? what 's wrong ? be not you die to see what 's special about the special ? pikul I be feel a little disconnect from my real life . I be kind of lose touch with the texture of it , you know what I mean ? I mean , I actually think there 's a element of psychosis involved here . I mean , I do not know where my body really be , or where reality be , what I have actually do , or not do . geller that 's a great sign . it mean you nervous system be fully engage with the game architecture . the game be a lot more fun when it start to feel realer than real . pikul ( pause ) yeah . pikul stand up and scream at the top of he lung . pikul ( scream ) existenz be pause ! the chinese restaurant melt away . int . guest chalet - day the guest chalet melt back up around they . pikul look around . they be still sit on the bed , ported into geller 's pod together . pikul do I do that ? I guess I do . geller so how do it feel ? pikul what ? geller you real life . the one you come back for . pikul just sit here , it feel completely unreal . I be sure you know that would happen . geller you be stick now , be not you ? you want to go back to the chinese restaurant because there 's nothing happen here . we be safe . it 's boring . pikul worse than that . I be not sure here , where we be , be real at all . this feel like the game . and you ... you be beginning to t1 feel a bit like a game character to I . ( more ) pikul ( cont 'd ) ( pause ) do we really make love to each other ? 4 geller ( sharp ) definitely not . pikul it feel like we do . geller we character do . I be sure it would be very different if we do . pikul I ... I be actually just like that in real life . you get the real Ted pikul there , in the stockroom of the game store . geller well , you do not get the real allegra geller , I can tell you that . no pikul I do not ? she kiss he gently . geller no . in real life I tend to lose control . it can get messy . ( pause ) let 's go back . pikul look down at the pod . he flick the play nipple . the room melt down around they and be replace by the chinese restaurant . int . chinese restaurant in the wood - day pikul and geller be back at they table in the chinese restaurant . the waiter be approach they table . he proudly set down a series of dish on the lazy Susan . 6c waiter special order for the birthday girl . hope you enjoy it very much . in the dish be a variety of cook reptile , amphibian , fish and bird , all weirdly mutate and present in a bizarrely beautiful fashion . pikul I think I have lose my appetite . waiter a shame . mutant creature provide new and previously unimagine taste sensation . ( significantly ) shall I clear all this away ? geller see that this be a crucial game moment . geller no , it look terrific . thank you . we be happy . the waiter nod . waiter very good . enjoy . the waiter leave . geller watch he go , suspicious . when she turn back to pikul , she be shocked to see that he have serve out most of the creature to himself and be avidly stripping the meat off they bone . geller pikul , what be you do ? pikul I do not know . I find this disgusting but I can not help myself . geller oh , good ! pikul look up from he big bowl , which be rapidly fill with creature part . his finger be 'slimy and sticky , but he do not stop , he finger work expertly on they own . pikul good ? you think this be good ? ( am - o : geller yeah . it 's a genuine game urge . it 's something that you game character be bear to do . do not fight it . pikul I be fight it , but it be not do I any good . pikul be now snap together bit and piece of bone , gristle and flesh , a grotesque Lego set . when he 's finish , he 's make a gun very much like the one that be use in the attempt assassination in the church . pikul omigod , this look awfully familiar . you sure this be ok ? geller ( not sure ) it should be ok . now pikul reach into he mouth , pull out a bridge of three tooth - one of they gold - fill - and load they into the gristly magazine . geller do you have that bridge in real life ? pikul absolutely not . my tooth be perfect . do not ask I how I know this thing be in my mouth . geller it probably be not until you order the special . he slap the magazine into the handle , then pull the slide back and release it so that there be now a toothy round in the chamber . then with a smile , pikul point the weapon at geller . pikul ( casually ) death to the demoness allegra geller . geller ( suddenly very uncertain ) that 's not funny ! pikul look at geller and see that there be genuine terror in she eye . pikul sorry , I could not resist . but you know ... I do feel the urge to kill someone here . geller grip the edge of she bowl of hot - and - sour soup - the handiest weapon she have . geller ( tensing ) who ? pikul I need to kill we waiter . geller ( relieved ) oh , well , that make sense . ( call out ) waiter ! waiter ! ( to pikul ) when he come over , do it . do not hesitate . pikul but everything in this game be so realistic . I do not think I really could ... geller you will not be able to stop . you might as well enjoy it . pikul " free will " be obviously not a big factor in this little world of ours . geller it 's like real life - there 's just enough to make it interesting . - pikul spot the waiter make he way across the room towards they , a big smile on he face . pikul he 's too nice . I will not do it . the waiter arrive at they table . 53 waiter what can I do to make you lunch more pleasant ? pikul lift the gun and point it at the waiter . 4 pikul I find this in my soup and I be very upset . pikul fire . the tooth - bullet hit the waiter in the cheekbone . a chunk of the waiter 's cheekbone come off and he head jerk back like a fighter take a stiff jab . the waiter 's sweet face instantly transform into a hideous , angry , snarling mask of hatred . he pull a meat cleaver out of he jacket . geller immediately throw she bowl of hot -and - sour soup into the waiter 's face . the waiter scream , then wildly wipe the noodle and goop out of he eye . he raise the cleaver over he head . the waiter swing and lunge across the table , manage only to hack the tip of the gun off . pikul be shocked to see the gun begin to bleed . the waiter , sprawling across the table , scream as he try to reach geller with he cleaver . pikul 44 . fire into the waiter 's shriek , open mouth - a tooth - bullet into tooth . a piece of the waiter 's skull come off like a piece of coconut , the gold - fill tooth now flatten and embed in it . the gun be bleed all over pikul 's hand now . he drop it in disgust . the restaurant dog come out of nowhere , pick the gun up , and run off with it under a table , where he crouch down and start to gnaw on it , growl . pikul stand up shakily , begin to become aware of the strange , tense stillness of the other patron in the restaurant . pikul ( loudly , to room ) St 's all right , just a little misunderstanding over the check . pay no attention and enjoy you meal . to he surprise , the patron actually turn back to they meal , albeit with a certain sinister reluctance . pikul look around wildly . pikul I feel a serious game urge to get out of here ! through the porthole in one of the pair of metal - clad kitchen door , geller spot someone wear a che 'f 's hat , someone who be wildly beckone to they . geller through the kitchen ! that way ! int . kitchen . chinese restaurant - day geller and pikul enter the kitchen and take a look around . there be mutant amphibian and reptile hang up everywhere , in bowl and on chopping block . the kitchen worker have all turn to look at the intruder . suddenly , a cook step forward from around the door . we can now see that it be nourish in a chef 's outfit . nourish do you like the meal I prepare for you ? pikul yes . it be very ... revealing . nourish it certainly be for I . you both pass we little test with fly colour . geller why do the chinese waiter have to die ? nourish a waiter hear many thing speak when people be relaxed and eat . a waiter have many opportunity for betrayal . pikul he betrayed you ? nourish he betrayed we . out this way , quickly ! they go out a side door , and find themselves walk along the river that link the chinese restaurant and the trout farm . ext . the river - day the trio walk along the bank of the river that feed the trout farm . nourish point out a connect series of rock - line , internally - light pool , some stagnant , like pond , and some clear , with river water run through they . nourish see there , the breeding pool . the pool be all alive with strange creature , mutate fish , amphibian , and , along the small , muddy terrace that border the pool , reptile . like the dysfunctional insect at the gas station , this creature do not work very well . they float and swim belly up , lie on they side at the bottom of they pool , flop and flounder around , and in general , ostentatiously fail to function . pikul be that where you catch today 's special ? nourish ( laugh ) the restaurant be control by we . we raise this mutant creature as food and that be we cover , but of course , we be also raise they as component for undetectable and hypoallergenic weapon . right under the nose of we enemy . and speak of we enemy , it 's important that you go back to work at cortical systematics . we need to maintain as many agent there as we can . I will take care of the mess at the restaurant . geller the trout farm be own by cortical systematics ? nourish yes . ( more ) oc nourish ( cont 'd ) ( bitterly ) they corporate slogan should be , " enemy of reality " . a glaze look come over pikul . he begin to speak like a robotic orator . pikul ( robot - like ) reality be a fragile thing . most people think that reality must of course be the most solid thing , but it be not . reality be threaten now more than ever . it be be erode and it be wash away in the deform storm of non-reality , which masquerade as reality , and eventually replace it . deform and crippled and limping and hideous , threaten to engulf we all . geller look at pikul in admire disbelief . geller ( sotto voce ) where do that come from ? pikul the game make I do it . geller I be impressed . nourish be also impressed . he smile broadly , then take pikul in he arm and hug he , then geller . nourish ( passionate ) we love you two now , now that you have prove to be true and trustworthy realist . we will be in touch . nourish turn around and walk back - towards the restaurant . pikul " enemy of reality " ? or do it really mean , enemy of existenz ? be the realist the game - life version of the anti- existenzialist , desperately want to kill you ? S ' geller I would not take it too seriously . pikul 1 of course you would not . but maybe you should . ( pause ) but why be the name cortical systematics familiar ? geller we see it everywhere in Dorsey nader 's game store , remember ? pikul yes . so that make it the game - life version of we own company . cortical systematics be equivalent to antenna Research in the real world . geller that 's probably fair to say . pikul so , then , do we meekly go back to work and say nothing ? it sound as though nourish and he realist be prepare to sabotage the trout farm . before you know it , they will be plan to assassinate game designer . geller we be just character in here . do not mix you real - life loyalty into it or you will lose for sure . pikul then what do we do next ? int . game store - night we be close on a cortical systematics logo on a game - pak . as pikul and geller pretend to examine the merchandise , they scan the game store for nader . the store be quite crowded - same style of customer , maybe even some of the same face , different clothes . they do not see nader . geller go up to the cashier , the same gangly , sallow , bespectacle young man who be there the first time . o ; geller I be look for Dorsey nader . be he here ? cashier say that again ? geller be Dorsey nader here ? the cashier glance around the store , then lock the register . cashier come with I . he 's in the back . the cashier lead they through the store towards the stockroom door . as they move amongst the customer , both pikul and geller feel that they be be scutinize carefully by shopper who turn they eye away from they at the last moment , so that they can not be absolutely certain . and as for we - have we glimpse some character from the game that we have already see ? possibly even wittold Levi from the first scene in the church , and france the limo driver , and Gas ? we be not positive . int . stockroom . game store - night the cashier close the door behind they , then gesture towards the back of the stockroom . cashier you want he , there he be . nader lie dead , the unnatural purple of he face eerily match by the veiny purple streak in the umbycord around he neck . pikul migod ! geller what happen ? in response , the cashier start rummage around on one of the shelf . he soon find what he be look for , and turn around to face they . in he hand be a grotesque , slightly chew gristle gun - the one pikul assemble in the chinese restaurant - in he hand . cashier you should not have kill the chinese waiter . pikul why not ? cashier he be you contact at the trout farm . a damn good man . ( pause ; he waggle the gun ) his dog bring I this . the cashier toy with the gun 's claw - like hammer . pikul but we be contact there by yevgeny nourish . he seem to know exactly who we be . cashier that 's because nader tip he off that you be come . nader be a mole for cortical systematics . geller you be with the realist underground . cashier yes . I be place here to keep a eye on nader . the cashier put the gun back on the shelf . pikul if nourish be not we real contact , who be he ? cashier nourish be a double agent for cortical systematics . he be work with nader to subvert the realist cause , and do it rather well . ( snort contemptuously ) after all , he get you to assassinate you own contact . but now you be go to put a stop to he . pikul we be ? cashier I assume that you both have have spinal port insert , bioport , install . pikul we do . cashier ( passionate ) do you both realize that neither of you can be bury on hallow ground because of this ... this mutilation ? do you bioport manual tell you that ? geller be you try to talk we into have they remove ? cashier no , no . in fact , you would be useless to we without they . we realist be forbidden to have they , and so we have to use people like you on occasion . geller I do not understand . be you want we to jack a game into we bioport ? cashier game ? no . not a game . a weapon . ( a creepy smile ) you go back to the trout farm , and in a familiar place , you find a mouldy old wicker basket with a thread - bare canvas cover . pikul how will we know what to do ? cashier ( a even creepier ' smile ) even a child would know what to do . someone begin to knock loudly on a door very near by . the cashier be oblivious , but 'both pikul and geller hear it . the stockroom begin to morph away as its object be replace one at a time by chalet object . int . guest chalet - night someone be knock at the chalet door . vinokur ( 0 . S. ) sorry to interrupt you kid , but I think you would better have something to eat . we knock on you door a few time to invite you to dinner ... pikul and geller sit on the bed , game - pod between they , umbycord join they to each other and to the pod . they look at each other . pikul shrug . geller come on in . the door open slowly to reveal vinokur , who stand there uncertainly , hold a large tray . vinokur ..and when we get no answer , I figure you be play existenz to try out you new pod , and you new bioport . everything 's all right , I take it ? a awkward moment , as though vinokur have catch the pair have illicit sex . vinokur move into the room towards the table . vinokur can I leave this here for you ? do not bother unport . I just have to be sure we star designer be in a good place and that she would recover she multi- million - dollar game system from she defective pod . vinokur put down the tray , which hold several plate cover by smaller , invert plate to keep the food warm . geller thanks so much , kiri . this be very sweet of you . vinokur I ( awkward pause ) so I take it she have . geller have what ? vinoxur recover . existenz . geller oh , yes , sure . that 's why we be so space out . ( to pikul ) we be right into it , be not we ? pikul yeah , we be . and it 's amazing . vinokur well , that 's a relief . I will leave you two alone . you can leave the tray outside you door when you be finish . pikul what be that you have bring ? vinokur believe it or not , it 's chinese food . there 's a great chinese restaurant on the other side of the escarpment road . vinokur turn to go . geller kiri ? vinokur yes ? geller have you hear anything yet ? I mean , about the existenz test seminar and the shoot ? vinokur oh , yes . it 's come over all the media now . you have never be more famous . you face be everywhere , which of course just . make it worse . I ... ( a disturb pause ) geller what ? tell I . vinokur they have announce the possibility that antenna will delay the release of you new system indefinitely , until they can determine how widespread support for this fanatical group really be . I do not approve , myself . I do not think we should bend one degree to extremist . geller support for the fanatics ? what do that mean ? vinokur well , you know . they be all come out of the woodwork now . geller who be ? vinokur ( heavy , defeat sigh ) a lot of people be take the opportunity to jump on the anti- game bandwagon . they have now hear rumour about what the existen Z system be , and they say we have go too far psychologically , medically , socially , you name it . and I be afraid I would not put it past we competitor to be involved in this , to try to whip up public opinion and kill we new system before it get bear . ( pause ) you be sure you do not want I to contact antenna , even just to see what they have to say ? geller ( shaken ) not yet , kiri . thanks . vinokur smile gently and leave . pikul ( gesture towards the door ) you friend vinokur be get shaky . I think he 's go to turn , you in to antenna . geller sound like you might approve of that . pikul it might be the safest thing . be you hungry ? geller be you kid ? pikul I neither . I be terrify to look under the plate . ( pause ) this " support for the fanatics " thing do not sound too good . maybe we should stop ... geller we can not stop . I have be notice some new ... glitches . I be not sure what they mean . I be not sure the game be ok . pikul ( gently ) listen , to be honest , I find you game very confusing . I be not sure I want to go back in there , because I be not convinced I be go to keep come out . do you really like that feel ? geller ( with passion ) yeah , I love it . ( deliciously musing ) when existenz be release , it 's gonna wipe the competition off the face of the earth . pikul will it ? geller it really will do that , yes . ( heavy pause ) do not hurt I , pikul . do not make I go back in alone . play with I . pikul allegra , I be worried that you game will wipe I off the face of the earth . I be think I be right never to have a bioport install . geller ( sly , quick smile ) but you have one now . and you be ported in . she mischievously flick the pod nipple , and the chalet melt away around they . int . trout farm security - day trout -farm worker shuffle along a murky pre-fab corridor towards a smoke - enshroud security checkpoint . a puffy - face woman with a clipboard be walk down the lineup check face and id card . with she we discover pikul and geller , once again wear they id card which identify they as larry ashen and barb brecken . pikul that be cruel . I do not want to be here . geller it be not cruel , it be desperate . c'mon , pikul . you have just get a bad case of first - time user anxiety . pikul I do not like it here . I do not know what 's go on . we be blunder around together in this unform world , whose rule and objective be largely unknown , seemingly indecipherable , or even possibly non -existent , always on the verge of be kill by force we do not understand . geller that sound like my game , all right . they be now close enough to the security cubicle 'at the end of the corridor to see the worker ahead of they be frisk by hand , then scan by a wand similar to the one that pikul use at the church . pikul that sound like a game that 's not go to be easy to market . geller ( laugh ) but it 's a game that everybody 's already play ! existence , it 's wonderful ! int . trout farm . assembly line - day pikul and geller have pass through security and now enter the assembly - line arena . they see nourish at he accustom place on the line , hunch over a pile of insect motherboard and now seem , somehow , menace , predatory in profile . the pair skirt the assembly - line area , carefully scan as they go , but there be no wicker basket to be see . int . trout farm . assembly bay - day pikul and geller walk down the aisle connect the assembly bay . other worker drift casually in and out , prepare for they day in a desultory fashion . pikul the cashier say it would be in a familiar place . be there such a thing here ? geller my assembly bay . they make they way to the last assembly bay and slip inside it . there be , for the moment , nobody else there , but several pod have be leave on the work table half - assemble . pikul spot it first , in the far corner : a large , mouldy wicker basket in the opposite corner . something lumpy in it be cover by a thread - bare canvas sheet . pikul be that it over there ? they stroll over to the basket . geller kneel down and carefully begin to unwrap it while pikul stand guard . geller I would say it 's exactly as advertise . the final wrap come off . in the basket be a necrotic , purple , very disease - look pod . pikul God , it 's ugly . even for a game - pod . geller ( pause ) I have a terrible urge to port into it . what about you ? pikul ( he think she 's joke ) oh , sure . yes . desperate to port into it . geller step over to a bunch of umbycord drape over a peg and strip one off . she sit down on a rotting wooden fold chair next to the death - pod 's basket and port in one end of the umbycord . geller here we go . wanna give I a hand ? pikul ( horrified ) you be not serious ! I mean , that 's a disease pod ! once you port into that , you become , you ... you ... geller ( a quick smile ) exactly . help I . pikul kneel beside she as she pull up she shirt to reveal she bioport . geller hand he the free end of the umbycord and he port it into she . pikul how long do it take for the infection to take hold ? geller no time at all . pikul and then you quietly port into all the other pod and spread the infection to they ... geller ( pale , shaky ) oh , God ! pikul what 's happen ? geller F ( swooning ) something 's wrong ! pikul ( support her ) I be gonna unport you now . pikul try to unport geller , but she bioport have swollen and seize the jack . he give the umbycord a tug . geller ( in sudden pain ) 0 , God , do not ! that really hurt ! pikul let go . the death -pod , trigger off by pikul 's attempt to disconnect geller , now begin to convulse in peristaltic wave in its wicker basket . pikul look around desperately and spot a clutch of tool hang from nail on the wall . pikul ( rising ) I be go to cut you free ! geller no , do not , I be afraid ! but pikul seize a crude linoleum knife use for trimming oversize motherboard and , with three erratic slashes at the quivering umbycord , hack she loose . blood immediately pour out of both end of the severe cord . geller C ( wide -ey , quietly ) pikul . I be bleed to death . .9 panic-stricken , pikul step on geller 's end of the cord to stop the bleed . it seem to work , but geller moan horribly . pikul ( terrified ) I be sorry ! I do not know what else to do ! nourish I know what to do . pikul twist awkwardly around to see yevgeny nourish stand just behind he . he be in the process of slip a large propane torch off its wall hook . nourish I know exactly what to do . nourish unscrew the gas valve and ignites the torch . nourish death to realism ! nourish turn the blaze torch on the pod in the basket . where the cone of flame hit the pod , it begin to shrivel , crackle , sputter fat . the pod itself try to ripple away from the searing flame as though it be alive . nourish laugh and begin to play the cone over the entire surface of the pod . geller sink to the ground in exhaustion , hold on to pikul 's leg . the death - pod now swell and bubbles under the torch 's flame , then explode with a dull whump . int . trout farm . assembly line - day a huge cloud , speckle black and gray , billow upwards and float out over the intersect wall of the stall and into the main area of the trout farm 's assembly line , where it begin to settle like granular . ash on the startle worker . int . trout farm . assembly bay - night i horrify , nourish watch the thick cloud of infectious spore float out of he reach . nourish ( horrified ) no , no ! S : gather up she last shred of energy , geller suddenly shove a startle pikul off she cord and pick up the linoleum knife from where pikul drop it . trail she bloody cord , she lunge at nourishi drive the rusty , curve blade into he back with great force . nourish turn to geller , the torch circle towards she , waver . he try to touch she with the flame , stagger . nourish ( dying ) death ... death to the demoness barb brecken ... to the ... pikul death to who ? ( he finger he id card ) oh , yeah ... barb ... nourish drop the torch , fall to the ground and snap into the foetal position . a wall of flame roar up around he , fuel by the straw , wood , canvas , pod-oil . pikul jump over to geller and pick up the trail cord , twist it in he hand until it stop bleed . all four wall of the assembly bay be on fire now . the doorway be a flap sheet of flame . mixing with the swell rush of the flame be the sound of the entire plant go on alert : yell , scream , siren , run foot , door be slam open and close . pikul hold geller tightly . she be limp , weak , drain in he arm . pikul I think we just lose the game . but now , strange , anomalous object begin to appear out a nowhere in the flame - a chair , a tv set , a bath tub , a table , object emerge into the game from the quest chalet . after a moment 's confusion , pikul smile . pikul or maybe not . and sure enough , the trout farm and its flame and its black cloud melt away . R it int . guest chalet - night as the guest chalet melt up around they , pikul find himself back on the bed , as he expect ; but he be still embrace the swoon geller , which he have not expect . pikul allegra , we be back home . what 's the matter , what 's wrong ? as geller swim back up into full consciousness , she begin to talk , mumble at first , then with terrible clarity . geller ( barely coherent ) pikul . it 's here , it 's happen . it 's come back here with we . we bring it back with we from existenz . pikul bring what back ? I can not understand what you be say . geller ( with clarity ) we bring the disease back with we . my pod be disease . as though realize the implication of what she 's say for the first time , geller twist away from pikul and begin to fumble with she umbyjack . geller oh God , I be really go to lose it , I be go to lose my game ! unport I ! c'mon , unport I ! pikul unport she , then begin to tug at he own jack . when he take a close look at the pod , he can see that it look - unhealthy . geller jump off the bed and yank open she bag on the table . she pull out a tiny hypodermic syringe , unwrap it , flick the bubbles out of it , fall to she knee beside the bed . geller ( to pod ) I be come , I be come ! geller jab the pod with the needle . as sne push in the plunger , she start to massage it with she free hand , rub it , prod it . she 's so close to it we think she might give it mouth - to-mouth . 82 pikul but this can not be possible . how can a game event emerge into real life ? geller ( panicking ) there 's a very weird reality - bleed - through effect happen here . I be not sure I get it . pikul finally get he umbycord unplugge . pikul what 's in that needle ? geller it 's a anti-viral serum . it sometimes work if you get it in time . unconsciously , pikul scratch at he bioport . geller fix on he with strange intensity . geller lemme see you bioport . pikul what ? geller lemme see it ! pikul turn and show it to she . she begin to examine it with microscopic , clinical attention . geller I know what happen . it 's vinokur , that bastard . pikul vinokur ? geller he give you a new bioport , do not he ? pikul oh , no . geller he give you a infect bioport so that my pod would die and so would my game - system . pikul I be infect ? wait a minute ! geller ( in tear ) the poor thing be try to tell we that it be sick by introduce the theme of disease into we game . pikul the theme of disease ? I be fuck reall infect ! be it go to crawl up my spine and rot my brain ? geller ( suddenly all business ) all right , do not panic . I have get something that will help you . brusquely wiping away she tear , geller go over to she bag and take out a cork - shape plastic capsule . she snap open the capsule to reveal a knurle , plug-like electronic device . geller I be go to seal up you bioport with this anti-viral resonator . geller bend over pikul and work the device into he bioport until it 's flush with he skin . geller ( insert the device ) it use the umby pick -up for power . should cleanse all you port channel of infection in a few hour . it '11 give you a little skin buzz when it 's do . of course , we can not play until then . pikul ( control he panic ) yeah , great . now , listen . this could be critical . be you really say that vinokur be a ( more ) 9 : pikul ( cont 'd ) agent of the anti- existenzialist ? because if he be , if he 's with they , then we be really ... geller ( wailing ) oh , God ! pikul , my pod 's die . sure enough , the thing be quivering , rippling , convulse , turn purple . geller ( wailing ) I can not help it ! I can not do anything for it ! geller fall to she knee beside the pod . as though trigger by this action , a explosion in the nearest chalet blow the window and the door out of the guest chalet . pikul and geller be knock to the floor by the impact of the blast . wave of heat and debris billow into the room . a moment of eery silence , and then pikul and geller peek wide - eye over the -edge of the bed . flame now engulf the nearby chalet , all too clearly visible throught the shattered window frame . sound of pandemonium begin to well up from the hill below , and then a figure step boldly in through the doorway . when the flamelight flicker over he face , pikul and geller be stunne to see that it be the cashier , and he be cradling a real - life submachine gun in he arm . the cashier scream at the bewilder and terrify pair . cashier ( scream ) the uprising have begin ! the whole place be on fire ! let 's go ! you have get to get out of here . they will be look for you . pikul ( to geller ) the cashier ? he 's a game character ! how can he be here ? as geller I do not know ! I do not know ! the cashier stride into the room and pull she to she foot . she try to pick up she pod , but the cashier tug she away from it . cashier leave that rotting piece of meat here . it 's do its job . let it die . geller but my game ! my game 's inside it . I do not want my game to die . the cashier unsling he submachine gun , cock it , and blow the pod into streak of slime , flesh , and sliver of insect - board . geller be in shock . pikul turn she to face he , speak ' forcefully right into she face , shut everything else out . pikul allegra , listen to I . I think we be still inside the game . I think you real pod 's out there somewhere , somewhere safe . I think it 's ok to let go of this one , this pod . it 's not the real one . a molotov cocktail come sailing into the room and shatter against the bed . the bed ignites with a explosive whump . cashier everybody out ! now ! the three of they scramble out into the fiery night . ext . caledon ski - club compound - night the cashier lead pikul and geller out of the guest chalet and down the mountain path . the chalet next to theirs begin to implode as they scurry by it . as they flee , they realize that all the chalet be on fire . there be people try to fight the fire , run be frantically everywhere with hand -held extinguishers . there be also scattered gunfire , but who 's fire on whom be impossible to tell . 86 ext . hilltop - night the cashier now lead they up to the top of a hill . cashier up here . we can see everything from here . pikul what be it that we be see ? cashier ( gleeful ) the victory of realism . and you be part of it . geller ( desolate ) the death of existenz . and we be part of it . the cashier turn on she with he gun . he snap out he old clip and slam home a new one . he cock the gun . cashier there 's just one more thing . pikul ( horrified ) what be you do ? we be on you side . cashier ( fierce ) how could you be ? how could allegra geller , the world 's premiere game designer , be on we side ? ( off they bewilder look ) oh , y93 . ' we know who you be . you can not hide inside a game forever . pikul something 's slip over the edge , here , allegra . something 's all wrong . cashier ( smile ) there . you see what I mean . you see the problem . 9 ' the cashier raise he gun to fire at geller , but before he can pull the trigger , he jolt backwards and fall twitching to the ground . from the shadow of the tree , backlit by the fiery landscape below , step kiri vinokur . in he hand he hold the gristle gun which pikul assemble in the chinese restaurant . vinokur I try to find you . thank God I get here in time . ( pause ; waggle the gun ) my dog bring I this . geller ( backing away ) you do not get here in time . my game be dead . ( focussing ) you murder my game . vinokur ( laugh ) no , just you pod . I replicate the entire content of you pod when I fix you nerve board . they be in safe-keep . they be all in one piece . geller you copy existenz ? vinokur ( soft , plead ) allegra , come over to cortical systematics . yes , yes , cortical systematics . I be defect and so be all the antenna Research top brass , pellatt , melzack , sherrin , everybody good . geller you be a spy for cortical systematics . pikul ( confuse ) wait a minute . cortical systematics be just the qame version , it 's only ... I 9 vinokur tignoring pikul ) not a spy , exactly . I think of myself as a personnel exchange engineer . if you want to be reunite with you creation , you will come over to we . existenz , by allegra geller . only from cortical systematics . geller ( defiant ) only from antenna Research . vinokur but why stay with they ? look at that mess down there . how could you trust antenna again , when they have endangered you like this ? geller seem to have lose the thread . she wander over to the cashier 's body and disentangle he submachine gun from he . geller ( refer to cashier ) you know , this guy be actually go to kill I . vinokur look to pikul for support . vinokur ( to pikul ) can you talk to she ? I mean , we can take you with we too . but before pikul can respond , geller , now sit next to the cashier 's body on the grass , open fire at vinokur with the submachine gun . vinokur fall with a startle expression on he face . pikul , absolutely horrify , run at geller and kick the weapon out of she hand , pick it up himself . pikul what the fuck be you do ?! you have kill he ! be you gonna kill I next ? a - geller ( laugh giddily ) c'mon , pikul . he 's only a game character . and I do not like the way he be mess with my mind . pikul ( suddenly calm ) do not you ? you do not like that and so you kill he ? geller he be only a game character . pikul ( quietly ) but allegra . what if we be not in the game anymore ? geller ( confuse , childlike ) huh ? if ... if we ... we be not ? pikul ( strangely hard ) if we be not , then you just kill someone real . a real person . ( pause ) you see what can happen . it 's important for I that you see that . geller why ? pikul ( stand over she ) it be not a accident that you and I end up on the run together . geller not a accident ? pikul heft the submachine gun in he hand . pikul no . geller ( cold ) that 's why you never have a bioport . you be one of they . pikul I still be one of they . geller but you have a bioport now . ( ironic ) I think that be forbidden to anti-existenzs . pikul I make the bioport sacrifice to get close to you , to make love to my enemy . geller why would you do that ? pikul to understand what I have to kill . 7. geller ( quietly ) then. understand this . geller produce a tiny electronic remote controller from the pocket of she shirt . geller understand that I suspect who you be from the moment you make that fake phone call to yourself in the limo . understand that I know you be my real assassin when you point the gun at I in the chinese restaurant . she flick up a safety cover on the remote 's tip , revealing a toggle switch . pikul 's hand tense around the submachine gun . geller and understand that you be dead . geller flip the toggle switch . the base of pikul 's spine blow out , he shirt billow with blood as he bioport explode . 9 : a delighted geller dance to she foot as pikul stagger backwards . geller ( gleeful ) death to the demon Ted pikul ! his eye freeze in a death stare , pikul fall , roll down the hill into the underbrush . smoke creep up from the fire below curl over he like a blanket . arm raise in the air , geller dance around on the top of the hill , look down on the flame and the chaos . geller ( confident , laugh ) have I win the game ? have I win ? have I win ? the hill , the tree , the flame melt down around she . int . country church - night we melt back up into the church , which we last see in the first scene . but there be many difference between then and now , geller be sit in she chair on the dais as before , she eye just beginning to flutter open . but pikul be sit next to she , also play the game . and next to he be nourish , whom we be even more surprised to see in this context . aad in fact , the player who be sit in the circle of chair on the dais be all character who have be in the movie up to this point : nader , the cashier , dichter , Gas , vinkokur , even france , the limo driver . the player be all emerge from a game that have just end - the movie we have be watch - and they begin to stir in they game gear , which be nothing like the organic pod - technology we have just see . on the contrary , the garner be wear head - gear with electrode , more like normal clunky virtual - reality equipment , and be link by mundane wire . in they lap they hold , not game - pod , but sleek plastic game module , each about the size of a walkman , with hole into which I they leave thumb be insert - a simpler and cruder version of the bioport we have become use to . watch the proceedings from down on the church floor be two security guard , neither of whom be pikul , of course . on a leash , one of the security guard hold the dog that , in the game , pick up the gristle gun in the chinese restaurant . also monitoring the action be a woman , merle , who be the game 's actual project manager - the real - life version of the game - character Levi - and she two assistant . there be a collective sigh as the game finally release the player , and now they be free to remove they thumb from the game module and slide they head - gear off . the two assistant - the real - life one be both matronly woman - begin to help everyone unplug , neatly gather up the equipment in padded bag as they go . a broadly smile merle mount the dais and stand in the centre of the ring of player . merle be you all back ? the man whom we know in the game as yevgeny nourish immediately stand and take charge . but it be a different nourish , exuberant , sensitive and artistic . nourish we be back , merle . although I have a feel some of we crew might not realize it yet . shaky laughter from some of the player . throughout the follow round of comment from the garner , whom we now realize have be , up to now , play character in a game , we hear nothing from pikul and geller . this two , who sit next to each other and be now hold hand , remain enigmatically silent . waiter wow . anybody here want a bowl of hot and sour soup ? ( laughter ) vinokur I will , if you make sure there R be some insect board in the F ( rice . ( laughter ) female assistant how long be we go ? merle about twenty minute . T dichter it seem like day . that 's fantastic . female assistant yeah . if you stay in the gameworld for most of you life , you could live to be five hundred year old ! ( laughter ) cashier the twist and turn at the end make my head spin . maybe there be too many , to fast to absorb . ( to pikul and geller ) hey , but you two be fantastic . you guy be game divas ! I think you both deserve to win . there be general agreement amongst the garner about this compliment to pikul and geller . the pair just smile sweetly and bob they head modestly at the smatter of applause . gas ( a little jealous ) well I , I be really bum out at first . I get knock out of the game so soon . it be fun to watch the rest , though . I like that part where the one who get knock out of the game early get to be spooky customer in the game store . levi but you be so wonderfully bad . so scary and crazy . I have a lot to do in that first scene in the church but I think my character be kind of boring . gas well , you know , I be a gas-jockey in real life , so I be kind of disappointed that I be basically the same thing in the game . a little more fantasy , there , feller . y{ merle ( nodding sagely ) interesting . interesting . hold that think for the focus group . france ( indicate game module ) can I keep this ? I have never feel anything like it ! and I love this little thumb-hole . it 's fantastic ! ( appreciative laugh and applause ) nourish ( laugh ) Nice try , but you be go to have to turn they in because they be beta version , pre - production hand - make special , and we need to study they after use for wear and tear and other thing . but you will get a certificate for help we out here - I be right about that , be not I , merle ? merle ( nodding enthusiastically ) and that will entitle you to reserve one of the first batch of the transcendenz by pilgr image game module to hit the market , and at a seriously discount price . you be gonna love it . amidst applause and general excitement , merle turn to the tripod - mount chalkboard stand , as in the first scene , at the back of the dais . there we see the word that she have already write : transcenden Z by pilgr image . merle remember - it 's write like this . Capital T , capital Z. transcendenz . it 's new , it 's from pilgrimage - capital P. capital I , and it 's come soon . 0 allegra geller now stand up , walk over to nourish and gently take he hand . he turn to see who 's get he , then smile broadly . 95 geller ( shyly ) I would just like to say thank you to Mr. nourish for give I the chance to play the role of a star designer . I guess the game pick up on my ambition to be like you . nourish well , let I first say that I be kinda glad I lose this game . I do not usually play such nasty character . ( laughter ) and , allegra , you be so good in that role that I suspect it will not be long before pilgr image be after you to sign a design contract . ( applause and laughter ) and maybe you should take you friend Ted , here , Mr. pikul , with you . he 's obviously good in a crisis , and when you design game , there be plenty of they . amid the renew good - nature laughter , geller blushes . she reach out for pikul 's hand . geller I guess you all could tell that Ted and I have a relationship prior to we come here . we really do like to play together . pikul ( shy but determine ) we do , but I would like to assure everybody here that allegra would not really jump into bed with a security guard unless he be I . ( laugh from the security guard ) merle hold out she hand in a gesture of appreciation towards nourish . merle well , what do we say to we brilliant , award - win game designer , yevgeny nourish ? do he have another winner on he hand or not ? PC Wild applause from all garner , include geller and pikul . merle all right , now , I have to ask you some question , before the game half - life wear off . first , let I thank you for take part in this test seminar . pilgr image want to deliver nothing but the finest to the game enthusiast , and you have all be a proud part of that process tonight . when we have collect all the head - set and game module , we will be hand out a questionnaire to each of you , and I would like you answer to the question to be as honest , as brutal , as clear as you can make they . do not hold back . after that , we be go to form a focus group where we will discuss detail of each of you experience play transcendenz . you have all have different but interlock life in the game , and I think you will be amaze when you hear each other 's storey . int . country church . moment later - night while the questionnaire be be hand out by the assistant , nourish confer with merle in a corner . nourish ( intense ) merle , I be very disturb by the game we just play . merle what do you mean ? nourish it have a very strong , very real anti-game theme . I mean , it begin with the assassination of a game designer . merle or really ? but that 's very creative . ( pause ) but on second think , I see what you mean . it make I nervous . you think it must have come from one of we game player ? nourish it sure do not come from I . the tone of it in the game be very , very passionate , fanatical . and the atmosphere of paranoia and betrayal be overwhelming . the whole thing feel unstable , dangerous , volatile . but worse than that , there be a kind of industrial espionage subplot . stealing game -system , jump ship from one game company to another . that kind of thing . they both reflexively begin to scan the game group , who be all innocently deal with they question card . merle so which one of they do this element come from ? nourish let 's probe it when we do the focus group . I think we might have be infiltrate here , and if we have , we have get a big security problem . pikul and ' geller , questionnaire in hand , wander over to the wary nourish and merle . pikul be now lead the dog that the security guard be hold for he earlier on , the model for the game dog in the chinese restaurant . pikul hi . we be just wonder if we could ask Mr. nourish a question , away from all the other . nourish sure . shoot . ( chuckle ) Long as you do not ask I to fill in you questionnaire . pikul ( no chuckle ) we have play you game now , and so we can finally agree with the other that you be the world 's great game artist . ( ominously ) we be not sure before . 9@ nourish ( professionally modest smile ) well , thank you so much . I geller ( no smile ) yevgeny , do not you think you should suffer for all the harm you have do , and intend to do , to the human race ? nourish ( stunned ) what ? pikul yes . do not you think the world 's great game artist ought to be punish for the most effective deform of reality ? merle ( nervously ) I do not think this be very ... ( look towards security guard ) boy ? could you come over here - right now ! but it 's too late . geller reach down and pull a flap of false fur and skin away from the dog to reveal two semi- automatic pistol strapped to the dog 's flank . pikul and geller grab the gun , pull back the slide , and cooly execute merle and nourish , who bump grotesquely together as they slump to the ground . in the stunne silence that follow , only the clatter of the last few shell bounce around on the hardwood floor can be hear . pikul and geller glance at each other , . pump , then fill the silence . geller ( scream ) death to the demon yevgeny nourish ! pikul = ( scream ) death to pilgr image ! death to transcendenz ! 33 now a hesitant shuffle of foot cause pikul and geller to whirl and catch the security guard come at they with they pathetic scan wand . the guard stop in they track , raise they hand , and start to back away as the place suddenly explode in scream and pandemonium . as pikul and geller in they turn back towards the front exit , they glide past the young chinese man who be the waiter in the game . the waiter stand flatten out in fear against a pillar with he questionnaire and he pencil in he hand . they ignore the waiter , but stop to wait for pikul 's dog to trot calmly past they , head for the door . now pikul and geller be just about to turn and follow the dog when the waiter unfreeze and take a step away from the pillar towards they . they immediately swing they pistol over towards he . the waiter stop and raise he hand . waiter no , wait , you do not have to shoot I . I just want to ask you a question . _ geller ( wary ) what ? waiter ( innocent ) hey , tell I the truth . be we still in the game ? pikul and geller look at each other , then into the camera . the church melt down around they into blackness .