the exorcist exterior - iraq - excatvation site - nineveh - day pickax and shovel weld into the air as hundred of excavator tear at the desert . the camera pan around the area where hundred of iraqi workmen dig for ancient find . the caption Northern Iraq appear at the bottom of the screen as the digging continue . the camera then follow a young boy run bare foot over the rocky mound . he come to a stop and the camera be position in between the boy leg look at and aging man also digging . young boy ( in iraqi language ) they have find something ... small piece . merrin ( in iraqi language ) where ? young boy ( in iraqi language ) at the base of the mound . the boy run off and the old man pull himself to he foot to follow . the old man walk to the base of the mound where another man who look in command be there to greet he . man ( in iraqi language ) some interesting find . lamp , arrow-head , coin ... the old man pick up a old pendant and hold it up . merrin ( in iraqi language ) this be strange ! the man dust the pendant and take a look . man ( in iraqi language ) not of the same period . the old man reach into a hole in the rock , move and be - arrange small rock to see what he can find . he grab a pickaxe and scrape out a small sculpt piece of rock crush into another . the man take a dust brush from the man 's pocket and brushes some dust from the sculpt rock . as the dust be sweep we see that it be a face . the old man recognise it and look worried . he brake the sculpt rock away from the ordinary rock and take a good look at it . exterior - iraq - market place - day a iraqi man walk through the noisy crowd with a tray and up to the old man 's table . he put the drink on the table and watch as the old man open a small pendant full of pill and put one into he mouth . the old man be tremble with fear as he downs he drink . he put the glass down and look at the people around he . the man with the tray come back to the old man 's table and pick up the glass . man with tray ( in iraqi language ) something else ? merrin ( in iraqi language ) no thank you . the old man stand up and look at the bus boy . we cut to a group of worker hit there hammer on a anvil . the old man walk in there direction but stop as he see one of the worker stop work to wipe he brow . when the worker make eye contact with the old man we see that the worker have one eye without pigment , bleach white as if it have roll backward . the old man stare at he and then walk on . interior-iraq-archaeologist's office - day we see a clock pendulum swinging , uncover sculpt rock of all kind and a man sit at a desk write up the report on what they find . the old man pick up the pendant he find and then the rock head he find and take a look . merrin ( in iraqi language ) evil against evil . the man at the table look confuse . man ( in iraqi language ) Father ... we then see the clock pendulum stop over the old man 's shoulder . he turn around and walk toward it . after look he sit down beside it . as he sit the man at the desk stand up . man ( in iraqi language ) I wish you do not have to go . merrin ( in iraqi language ) there be something I must do . exterior - iraq - outside archaeologist's office - day the two man shake hand and hug . the old man walk away and a group of people bow in a row . exterior - iraq - market place - alley way - day the old man walk through the noisy , crowded alley way and exit through the other side . as he exit he approach a tunnel , in the distance we can here a bell ringing quite fast . as the old man get closer to the tunnel the bell get louder . when he reach the tunnel a horse and cart fly out in front of he , aboard the cart we see a frighten old woman . the old man look around as if he be lucky to survive . exterior - iraq - nineveh - day the old man arrive back at that dig site in a small jeep . as he pull up two armed guard rush out . when they see who it be the old man give they a wave and they slowly walk back to there quarter . the old man walk up the rocky mound and see a huge statue of the demon pazuzu , which have the head of the small rock he earlier find . he climb to a higher point to get a closer look . when he reach the high point he look at the statue dead on . he then turn he head as we hear rock fall and see a guard stand behind he . he then turn again when he hear two dog savagely attack each other . the noise be something of a evil nature . he look again at the statue and we be then present with a classic stand off side view of the old man and the statue as the noise rage on . we then fade to the sun slowly set as the noise lower in volume . exterior - georgetown - CITY street - early hour we be transformed from the blaze sun of Iraq to the dusk of Washington . as the cross fade be make , the caption georgetown appear at the bottom of the screen . we slowly zoom in on a house in the distance . interior - macneil house - CHRIS ' bedroom - early hour a small light be switch on by Chris macneil , a woman in she mid thirty , mother and famous actress . she be clad in she night clothes lie in bed , examine line from a script . she be disturb by a scratch noise that seem to be come from outside she room . she look over she shoulder to hear for it again . when it do happen again she climb out of bed and put she robe on . she walk toward the bedroom door and exit to the hall . interior - macneil house - hallway -early hour Chris walk through the dark hallway toward she daughter room , as she pass the attic hatch she hear the noise again and it appear to be come from the attic . she walk into regan 's ( she daughter ) room and see that the window be wide open and she be on top of she bed cover . Chris walk in and shiver because of the cold night air which enter through the open window . as Chris approach the window another scratch be hear from the attic . Chris take no notice and close the window . she then walk round regan 's bed and put the cover back over she , she tuck she in and stroke she face . CHRIS ( whisper ) I sure do love you . Chris kiss regan and turn away . interior - macneil house - kitchen - morning Chris walk into the kitchen in she robe , with a pen in she mouth and she script in she hand . she be greet by Willie a ageing , swiss house may . CHRIS Morning . willie good morning Mrs. macneil . CHRIS how be you today ? willie Fine thank you . CHRIS that 's good . Chris put the script and pen on the table and lift the coffee pot to pour she self a mug . Willie offer to do it for she but Chris refuse . CHRIS it 's okay I get it , thanks . Willie return to make breakfast as the ageing , swiss , butler Karl walk in . karl good morning Madame . CHRIS good morning Karl . oh Karl , we have get rat in the attic you better get some trap . karl rat ? CHRIS uh huh . ' fraid so . Chris walk to the fridge with she cup of coffee . karl but it 's clean ? CHRIS all right then we have get clean rat . Chris take a carton of milk out of the fridge and pour some into she coffee . karl no . no rat . CHRIS I just hear they Karl . Karl shrug he shoulder karl maybe plumbing ? Chris put the carton of milk away . CHRIS yeah or maybe rat now will you just get that trap . karl yes , I go now . CHRIS well do not go now Karl the store be not open yet . Karl pick up a huge jar . and head out the door . karl I will go see . willie ( shout at Karl ) they be close ! exterior - university of georgetown - film set - day we be look at the building of Washington University when suddenly we be transport to the film set on campus . light , camera 's , crew member all of the place . a group of crew member be surround one man , the director burke denning . burke do not respond to any of they until he hear a voice call from a trailer . CHRIS ( call ) burke ? oh burke ? crew member be this scene really essential burke ? burke turn to see Chris walk toward he . he walk to she . crew member can you just consider on whether or not we can do without it ? Chris walk to burke with she script in hand . CHRIS burke take a look at this damn thing it just do not make sense . burke why it 's perfectly plain , you the teacher at the college , you do not want the building tear down . CHRIS c'mon I can read for Christ sake . burke well what 's wrong ? CHRIS well why be they tear the building down ? burke shall we summon the writer ? he 's in Paris I believe . CHRIS hiding ? we see a crowd of people look on . stand out be a young , dark , handsome Jesuit Priest . burke Fucking . Chris burst into laughter and hug burke as the crowd include the priest burst into laughter . we cut to a crew member with a clapper board . crew member scene 39 , hotel , take 4 ! as he clap the board we hear the assistant director 's voice on a mega phone . crew okay action ! the crowd of movie extras cheer and chant as a actor with a mega phone play he part . Chris be be touch up with make up before she make she appearance . she walk toward the set . actor ( with mega-phone ) have there be enough kill after the actor say each line , the crowd cheer . Chris walk into the crowd of extras , as we see burke on the director chair smile and laugh . Chris reach the guy with the mega- phone and turn on character . she take the mega- phone and begin . CHRIS ( with mega-phone ) wait a minute , please , hold it ! hey c'mon we be all concerned with human rights for god 's sake , but the kid who wanna get a education have a right too ! the crowd cheer . CHRIS ( with mega-phone ) can you understand it 's against you own principle for god sake . the crowd cheer . CHRIS you can not , you can not accomplish anything by send kid out ........ the crowd cheer cut she short . we focus on the young priest who be walk away from the campus . CHRIS ( with mega - phone ) order ! order ! if you wanna effect any change you will have to do it within the system ....... the crowd cut she short again with a almighty cheer . we move in front of the young priest who continue to walk from the set . crew okay cut ! that 's a rap ! exterior - georgetown university - entrance - day we see Chris descend a flight of stair walk toward a car . CHRIS I think I will walk home tonight Mike . mike all right . she hand she leather case to he . CHRIS and take that and drop it by my house . she walk off and wave goodnight to the crew across the road . as she turn the corner and walk down the road , Mike oldfield 's tubular bell begin to play . she walk through the leaf cover street on Halloween and see a group of kid in costume run past she . she carry on walk and see to nun waking in the wind , with the gowns blow . she approach the local chapel and over hear a voice . karras there 's not a day in my life when I do not feel like a fraud . I mean priest , doctor , lawyer I have talk to they all , I do not know anyone who have not feel that . she see that 's it 's the young Jesuit who be at the campus earlier , and that he be talk to another priest . we do not hear the rest of the conversation because of a low fly aeroplane . interior - macneil house - dinning room - dusk we cut to the dinning room where Chris 's house sitter and nanny , Sharon be sit at a type writer eat a apple . CHRIS ( call from outside ) hello ? sharon in here ! Chris walk into the dinning room . CHRIS hi sharon hi , how would you day go ? CHRIS oh not to bad , kinda like the Walt Disney version of the Ho chi Minh story , but other than that it be terrific . Chris pick up she mail . CHRIS what have we get here ? Sharon give she a letter . sharon here . CHRIS oh great , anything else ? sharon and you get a invitation . CHRIS what 's this ? sharon dinner at the White House . CHRIS you kid I . what be it a big party or something ? sharon just five or six people . CHRIS no kid . Chris walk toward the cabinet and pour herself a drink . we hear a small voice call from the hall . regan hi mom . regan run in and hug and kiss Chris . CHRIS what do you do today ? regan um ........ stuff . CHRIS what kind of stuff ? regan well , I and Sharon play a game in the back yard , and we have a picnic down by the river . Chris sit down . regan oh mom , you should have see this man come along on this beautiful grey horse . ( to Sharon ) be not it pretty ? CHRIS really , what kind be it a mair or guild ? regan think it be a guild . it be grey . oh it be so beautiful , the guy let I ride it all around . CHRIS you kid ? sharon yeah for about half a hour . regan it be so nice , oh I love it . oh mom can not we get a horse ? CHRIS well , not while we be in Washington . regan oh ............ CHRIS we will see when we get home okay . regan when can I have one ? CHRIS we will see regan . ( to Sharon ) now about that party invitation ....... regan open the jar of candy for the trick or treater and take some candy . regan run of and Chris chase she . CHRIS regan come back here . Chris catch regan and wrestle she to the floor . regan be giggle constantly . CHRIS all right give it up , give it up , now ! you will be sorry . interior - subway - day we cut to a train scream through a subway station . when the train go past we see the young Jesuit priest stand at the platform . as thing get quiet he hear and irish voice behind he . homeless guy fa-dah ! can you help a old altar boy ? I be a cat-lick ! a train go past illuminate the homeless guy face . the young priest just walk on . exterior - new york STREET - day the young priest walk down a garbage infest , New York city street . kid make noise and jump on car be the only source of noise . the young priest walk up a porchway and enter a building . interior - karras ' mother' flat - hallway the young priest enter the apartment , turn on the light and take off he jacket , and he collar . karras momma ? he walk into the live room where a old woman sit listen to a radio . karras momma ? he lean over the chair . karras momma ? the old woman stand up with joy . mrs.karras dimmy ! damien ! they greet each other in Greek as Mrs. karras hug he . mrs . karras I be so happy to see you . karras you look good . mrs.karras I be all right . karras how 's you leg ? mrs . karras how about you dimmy ? be you all right ? karras I be fine mom , I be fine . we cut to karras eat he supper and he mom rock in she chair with the radio on still play in the background . mrs . karras you uncle John stop by to visit I . karras oh really , when ? mrs.karras last month . we now cut to karras put a bandage around he mother leg . karras be that too tight ? mrs.karras no . karras now momma you have to stay off it , you can not keep go up and down that stair you have to give it rest . mrs.karras okay karras momma I can take you somewhere to a place where you would not be alone . there would be people around , you know you will not have to sit here listen to the radio . Mrs. karras respond by shouting in Greek . mrs.karras you understand I , this be my house , and I be not go no place . damien stand up and light a cigarette . mrs.karras dimmy , you worry for something ? karras no momma . mrs.karras you be not happy . tell I what be the matter ? karras momma , I be all right , I be fine , really I be . we cut to the bedroom light go out , with damien walk out back in uniform . he put 's some money on the table and turn up the radio so that he leave do not wake he mother . he kiss she and walk out . interior - macneil house - basement - night regan be in the basement make a model . Chris be decend the step . regan here it come .................. there she hold up a clay model of a orange bird . Chris and regan both laugh . CHRIS oh look at that . regan you like it ? CHRIS oh it 's so funny . Chris take it and put 's it on a shelf . CHRIS I better put he over here to dry though . he 's still wet . regan walk over to the ping pong table and bounce a ping pong ball . by the shelf Chris pick up a ouiji board . CHRIS hey , where would this come from ? regan I find it . CHRIS where ? regan the closet Chris walk toward the ping pong table with the ouiji board in hand . CHRIS you have be play with it ? regan yeah . CHRIS you know how ? regan here I will show you . regan place the board down on the table . Chris drag a chair over and sit down . CHRIS wait a minute you need two . regan no you do not . I do it all the time . CHRIS oh yeah , well let 's both play . the pointer pull itself away from Chris . CHRIS you really do not want I to play huh ? regan no I do , Captain howdy say no . CHRIS Captain who ? regan Captain howdy . CHRIS who 's Captain howdy ? regan you know , I make the question and he do the answer . CHRIS oh , Captain howdy .... regan he 's nice . CHRIS oh I bet he be . regan here I will show you . regan place the magnifier on the board and close she eye . regan Captain howdy , do you think my mom 's pretty ? Captain howdy ? Captain howdy that be not very nice . CHRIS well , maybe he 's sleep . regan you think ? interior - macneil house - regan's bedroom - night regan be lie in bed look at a magazine which have Chris and regan on the cover . Chris be tucking regan in . CHRIS regan , why be you read that ? regan Cause I like it . CHRIS it 's not even a good picture . look to mature . regan I would not talk . CHRIS oh you would not talk , well I do not have my make up man there . Chris sit down on regan 's bed lean over she . CHRIS just gotta get this eye-lash off of you . Chris try to get a eye lash from regan 's eye lid . CHRIS no I do not get it . Chris try again and get it . CHRIS what be we gonna do on you birthday , be not that nice it 's on a Sunday this year , what can we do ? regan I do not know CHRIS well what would you like to do ? get any idea ? regan shake she head . CHRIS let I think , let I think , what can we do ? hey you know we never finish see all the sight in Washington , the Lee mansion , shall we to do that ? go sight see . if it 's a nice day . regan nod regan yeah CHRIS okay . and tomorrow night , I will take you to a movie , okay ? regan oh I love you . regan hug Chris . CHRIS I love you rags . we will have a good day yeah ? regan you can bring Mr. denning if you like . CHRIS Mr. denning ? regan well you know it 's okay . CHRIS well thank you very much but why on earth would I want to bring burke on you birthday ? regan you like he . CHRIS yeah I like he . do not you like he ? hey what 's go on ? what be this ? regan you not gonna marry he be you ? CHRIS oh my god , you kid , I marry burke denning do not be silly , of course not . regan what ? CHRIS where would you ever get a idea like that ? regan but you like he . CHRIS course I like he , I like pizza to but I be not gonna marry one . regan do you not like he like daddy ? CHRIS oh regan I love you daddy . I will always love you daddy . burke just come around here a lot because he 's lonely , do not get nothin ' to do . regan well I hear differently . CHRIS oh you do . what do you hear ? regan I do not know , I just think . CHRIS well you think 's not so good . regan how do you know ? CHRIS Cause burke and I be just friend . okay , really . regan okay . Chris kiss regan . regan goodnight . interior - university of georgetown - campus bar - night damien be walk away from the bar with two beer . he sit at a table and put one beer in front of the president of the university . loud trendy music be play in the background and the bar be full of student . karras it 's my mother Tom . she 's alone I never should have leave she . at least in New York I would be nearer , I would be closer . president could see about a transfer damien . karras I need reassignment Tom , I want out of this job . it 's wrong , it 's no good . president you be the best we have get . karras be I really ? it 's more than psychiartry and you know that Tom , some of there problem come down to faith , there vocation , the meaning of there life and I can not cut it anymore . I need out I be unfit . I think I have lose my faith Tom . exterior - WASHINGTON DC - CHRIS ' car - day Chris and regan be drive through the street of Washington . they be laugh and joke . exterior - WASHINGTON DC - lee mansion - day in a montage of shot , Chris be walk and regan be run around the huge pilar . Chris take picture of regan as she pose for the camera . exterior - WASHINGTON DC - memorial drive - day Chris and regan have stop to watch a soldier march . they both look at a tomb of a unknown soldier . they both stare . regan Mom , why do people have to die ? Chris look at she . she do not know how to answer . CHRIS people get tired . regan why do God let we get tired ? CHRIS God get lonesome for we , rags . he want we back . exterior-macneil house - STREET - day we see leave blow as we cut to a front shot of the house . interior - macneil house - regan's bedroom - day we start with a close up of Chris on the phone and slowly zoom out to see regan over hearing the phone call . CHRIS hello ? yes this be Mrs. macneil . Operator you have get to be kid I have be on this line for twenty minute . ( to Sharon ) Jesus Christ , can you believe this , he do not even call he daughter on she birthday for christ sake . sharon maybe the circuit be busy ? CHRIS oh circuit my ass , he do not give a shit ! sharon why do not you let I ? Sharon reach for the phone from Chris ' hand CHRIS no I have get it Sharon , it 's all right . ( on the phone ) yes . no , Operator do not tell I there 's no answer , it 's the Hotel excelcia in Rome would you try it again please and let it ring . hello ? Operator you have give I the number four time . what do you do , take a iliteracey test to get that job for Christ sake . ( shouting ) no do not tell I to be calm god damn it ! I have be on this fuck line for twenty minute . regan sit on she bed and take off she shoe . interior - macneil house - CHRIS ' bedroom - night it 's dark and we see Chris a sleep in she bed . the silence be break by the phone ringing . she club she hand on the reciever and pick it up . she hold it to she head . CHRIS yeah ? you be kid I ? I think I just go to bed . uh huh . what be we do scene sixty one ? ( switch the light on ) okay , just remind he about that blue belt huh ? she put the phone down and roll over to find regan lay next to she . CHRIS what be you do here ? regan my bed be shaking , I can not get to sleep . CHRIS oh , honey . interior - macneil house - hallway - night we cut to a close up of the attic outside Chris ' room . we then see Chris exit she room tie the cord on she robe . she walk toward the attic and look as a crash noise come from the attic . she walk round to the entrance of the attic and pull the step down with a pole . she push the light switch but nothing happen , so she light a candle and climb the step as regan look on from Chris ' bed . when Chris reach the attic , she walk around in the darkness , knock thing over and look for what be make the crash . she look for the rat trap to see if any rat have be catch but all of they remain in tact with the lump of cheese still in place . Chris hear the crash again and follow the sound , as she walk through the junk she candle blow up and she hear a voice . Chris turn around to see Karl stand on the step of the entrance shine a flash - light toward she . karl there be nothing . CHRIS oh Karl , Jesus Christ Karl , do not do that . karl very sorry , but you see , no rat ! CHRIS no rat . thanks a lot that 's terrific . exterior - universtiy of WASHINGTON - dahlgren chapel - day we cut to a elderly bishop , walk across the campus carry two large bouquet flower pot . he walk up to the entrance of the chapel and enter . interior - university of WASHINGTON - dahlgren chapel - day the bishop walk into the chapel , and walk to the aisle . when he reach the aisle he bow and then approach the altar . he place one of the boucuet in front of one statue , but as he turn to the camera he walk very slowly and we see he in shock as he gasp . we cut to what he have see . it 's the statue of the virgin Mary , which have be horribly desecrate , by be give a clay penis and point clay breast . interior - bellevue psychiatric hospital - hallyway - day we cut to karras hurridly walk down a corridor be follow by he uncle . uncle the edima affect she brain , you understand dimmy ? she do not let no doctor come near she . she be all the time scream , even talk to the radio . karras you should have call I the minute it happen . uncle listen , regular hospital not go to put up with she dimmy , understand ? so we give she a shot and bring she here , till the doctor fix up she leg , then we take she out dimmy , two or three month and she 's out good as new . they approach a office and karras ' uncle walk in to speak to the nurse . uncle miss ? nurse yes ? uncle we want to see Mrs. karras . nurse do you have a appointment ? uncle yes nurse be you a relative ? uncle yes I be she brother , he 's the son nurse just a minute . the grab a set of key and write something in a note book . we then cut to damien stare in the window of the ward . he 's see 's all sort of people , all with mental problem . uncle you know it 's funny . if you be not a priest you would be famous psychiatrist now on Park Avenue , you mother she would be live in a penthouse instead of here . the nurse unlock the door and open it . damien look at he uncle . uncle you go in dimmy . I wait for you outside . karras walk in and leave he uncle behind . nurse you will find Mrs. karras on the last bed on the leave hand side . as damien enter , a few of the patient rush toward he . two of they grab he , as the nurse try to get they away . damien barge they out of he way only to have another patient rush into he and take he collar . the nurse take she away as bed bound patient look on with arm out stretch . damien approach he mother bed . karras momma ? it 's dimmy momma . Mrs. karras slowly turn she eye to he . mrs . karras dimmy . why they do this to I dimmy ? why ? damien rush to comfort he mother . karras momma , I be gonna take you outta here momma . Mrs. karras struggle to turn away from he . karras momma I be goona take you home . Mrs. karras shout at he in Greek as damien try to comfort she . karras momma , everything 's gonna be alright momma , I be gonna take you home ! exterior - new york - CITY STREET - day we cut to damien talk to he uncle face to face . karras could not you have put she some place else ? uncle like what ? private hospital ? who get the money for that dimmy ? you ? interior - university of georgetown - boxing gym - day we cut damien take he frustration out on a punch bag . he throw a few hard punch before stop for breath . interior - dr . klein' examining room - day brief montage of shot . klein administer a physical to regan . include opthalmoscope , tuning fork and simple coordination test . also blood sample in centrifograph , and urine sampl under microscope . final shot have a nurse with she back against the examine table , she expression partly puzzle , partly disturb as she observe regan , who be in she slip and in constant motion ; step , twirling , touch , make nervous movement whilst aimlessly hum . klein be not present . interior - dr . klein' office - day Chris be seat on the edge of a chair . klein be behind he desk , write a prescription . dr . klein a disorder of the nerve . at least we think it be . we do not know yet exactly how it work , but it 's often see in earl adolescence . she show all the symptom : the hyperactivity ; the temper ; she performance in math . CHRIS why the math ? dr . klein it affect concentration . here tear the prescription away from the pad . dr . klein now this be for ritalin . ten miligram a day . CHRIS what be it ? a tranquilizer ? dr . klein a stimulant . CHRIS stimulant ? she 's higher than a kite right now ! dr . klein her condition be not quite what it seem . nobody know the cause of she hyperkinetic behaviour in a child . the ritalin sem to work to relieve the condition , but we really do not know how or why , frankly . you daughter 's symptom could be a overreaction to depression - but that 's out of my field . CHRIS Depression ? dr . klein well , you mention she father ... the divorce . CHRIS do you think I should take she to see a psychiatrist ? dr . klein oh no . I would wait and see what happen with the ritalin . I think that 's the answer . wait two or three week . CHRIS and that lie she 's be tell ? dr . klein lies ? CHRIS ya know , that thing to get attention , like say that she bed shake and stuff . dr . klein have you ever know you daughter to swear and use obscenity ? CHRIS never . dr . klein well , you see , that 's quite similar to thing like she lie - uncharacter - CHRIS wait a minute . what be you talk about ? dr . klein well , she let loose quite a string while I be examine she , Mrs. macneil . CHRIS you be kid ! like what ? dr . klein well , I would say she vocabulary 's rather extensive . CHRIS well , what , for example ? I mean , give I a for instance ! klein shrug . no reply . CHRIS hey , come on , I be grow -up . what would she say ? I mean specifically , Doctor . dr . klein well , specifically , Mrs. macneil , she advise I to keep my finger away from she goddam cunt . CHRIS ( shocked , laugh ) she use that word ? dr . klein she use that word . look , I doubt that she even understand what she be say . CHRIS yeah , I guess . maybe not . you do not think a psychiatrist - ? dr . klein the best explanation be always the simple one . let 's wait . let 's wait and see . in the meantime try not to worry . exterior - macneil house - prospect STREET - night we see the house be light up as there 's a party go on inside . a car pull up before we enter . interior - macneil house - night we see lot of people enjoy they selve , talk , laugh , eat . Music play and people have a good time . we see burke sit on a couch with two people beside he , he 's drunk and be sit twirling he finger around in he drink . burke there seem to be a alien pubic hair in my gin . astronaut I beg you pardon ? burke never see it before in my life . have you ? we see more people have fun , regan laugh and we then cut to Father dyer , a young priest who be talk to the same guy burke be . astronaut well actually Father , we be quite comfortable up there , at least compare to the Gemini and mercury program . so they be tight for space , see we have get about two -hundre and ten cubic foot so we can move around . father dyer listen , if you ever go up there again will you take I along ? astronaut ( laugh ) what for ? father dyer first missionary on mar . we then cut to burke who be approach Karl , who be carry a tray of drink . burke tell I , be it public relation you do for the gestapo or community relation ? karl I be swiss . burke yes of course . never go bowl with Goebbels either I suppose ah ? Karl walk away . burke Nazi bastard . we cut to Chris who be talk to Father dyer . CHRIS over behind the church , you know where I mean over there , it 's a red brick wing ? father dyer St. Mike 's . CHRIS what go down there ? I mean who 's the priest I keep see , he 's there all the time . he have black hair and he 's very intense look ? father dyer damien karras . CHRIS karras . father dyer that 's he office back of St. Mike 's . he 's we psychiatric counsellor . he have a pretty rough knock last night poor guy , he mother pass away . she be live by herself and I guess she be dead a couple of day before they find she . we cut to the kitchen where burke be once again taunting Karl . burke cunt hun ! bloody damn butcher Nazi pig ! Karl lunge at burke and grab he by the throat . karl bastard ! I will kill you . CHRIS Karl !! Chris , Sharon and Willie pull Karl away from burke . Willie take he into another room . karl you fiend ! burke just laugh and clap he hand . burke what 's for dessert ? interior - macneil house - regan's bedroom -night we see regan be tuck up in bed with she eye close . Chris pull the cover up to she shoulder . CHRIS be you asleep ? there be no reply so Chris kiss she and exit . as Chris disappear regan 's eye open suddenly . interior - macneil house - night we cut to Chris and Sharon who be try to help ( a very drunk ) burke to the front door . burke be try to mumble a song . Sharon open the front door for he . CHRIS listen burke , you car be on the curbe . Luis be wait ... burke hug she . Chris look confuse and hug he back . burke pull away and point he finger as if he want to say something , but he forget . CHRIS what honey ? burke fuck it . burke walk off and Chris and Sharon close the door and return to the party . Father dyer be sit at the piano and everyone be sing song . father dyer hi Chris . great party . CHRIS yeah , do not stop . keep go . father dyer listen , I do not need any encouragement , but my idea of heaven be a solid white night club , with I as the head liner , for all eternity and they love I . everyone laugh . Father dyer start to play a song and everyone sing along . everyone " down on the east side of toyd ... " father dyer toyd , toyd . everyone " toyd , that 's my home , sweet home . can we both think it 's ... " regan appear in view and Father dyer notice she first . father dyer hey I , I think we have a guest . everyone turn to regan as she stand and stare at the astronaut guy . regan you gonna die up there . the guy look puzzle and regan begin to urinate on the floor . CHRIS regan , my God honey . ( to the guest ) I be sorry , she 's be sick . she do not know what she be say . part guy1 that 's all right . CHRIS ( to regan ) c'mon . Chris take regan out . interior - macneil house - regan's bathroom - night regan be in the bath tub , hunch forward , stare infront of she . Chris have a sponge and be rinsing water on regan 's back . CHRIS what make you say that regan ? do you know sweetheart ? interior - macneil house - regan's bedroom -night Chris tuck regan in and walk to the door . regan mother ? what 's wrong with I ? Chris walk back to she . CHRIS it 's just like the doctor say , it 's nerve and that 's all . okay , you just take you pill and you will be fine really . okay ? regan nod and Chris exit the room . interior - macneil house - hallway - night Chris walk to the stair where we see Willie , down stair , clean up regan 's mess . CHRIS be it come out Willie ? willie yes , I think so . all of a sudden we here regan scream along with a constant crash sound . Chris rush to regan 's room . regan mother ! mother ! mother !!!!! mother help ! Chris open the door and gasp in shock . we then see regan on she bed , but the bed be thumping and shaking ferociously . CHRIS oh my God ! regan make it stop ! what 's wrong !! I be scared !!! Chris jump on the bed to comfort regan and they both sit scream as the bed continue to rapidly jump around . interior - university of georgetown - hallway - night Father dyer be walk down the long corridor to damien 's room . he reach the room , knock ad then enter . karras where would you get the money for the chiva regal ? the poor box ? father dyer that 's a insult , I get a vow of poverty . karras where would you get it then ? father dyer I steal it . karras I believe you . father dyer College president should not drink . tends to set a bad example , I figure I save they from a big temptation . karras oh Christ ! I should of be there and I be not there , I should have be there . father dyer there be nothing you could do . lye down . c'mon . Father dyer help damien onto he bed , take he cigarette and take he shoe off . father dyer think you can sleep ? karras be you gonna steal my shoe now ? father dyer no , I tell fortune by read the crease , now shut up and go to sleep . damien grab Father dyer 's arm but slowly let 's go . Father dyer turn the light out and head for the door . father dyer goodnight dim . karras stealing be a sin . dyer exist . we slowly zoom in on damien while he 's asleep . he start to dream and we see the image that come into he head . there be fall medallion , a swing pendulum in a clock and a run dog . he then see he mother ascend a subway tunnel to the street , karras be on the other side of the street and although there be no sound , we can see that damien be call " momma " and Mrs. karras be call " damien " . a white demonic face flash a split second as karras start to run across the street to he mother , but we see she once again descend to the subway . we see the fall medallion again and as it hit the floor , the silence be break by regan 's screamng . interior - hospital - dr . klein' office - day regan I do not want it . CHRIS honey it 's to help you . we can see Dr. klein prepare a injection . regan I do not want it , I do not want it . Dr. klein inject the needle into regan 's arm . she spit at he . regan you fuck bastard !! interior - university of georgetown - chapel - day karras be do a church service in the chapel . karras ( whisper ) remember o Lord , thy servant , Mary karras ... who have go before we with the sign of faith , and sleep the sleep of peace . ( to the attendant ) Lord I be not worthy to receive you , but only say the word and I shall be heal . May the body of Christ bring I ever last life . interior - hospital - corridor - day Chris be wait outside Dr. klein 's office . Dr. klein emerge from he room . dr . klein well , it 's a symptom of a type of desturbance in the chemico - electrical activity of the brain . in the case of you daughter in the temperal lobe , up here in the lateral part of the brain . it 's rare , but it do cause bizarre hallucination and usually just before a convulsion . CHRIS convulsion ? dr . klein the shaking of the bed , that 's doubtless due to musuclar spasm . CHRIS oh no , that be no spasm . I get on the bed , the whole bed be thumping and rise off the floor and shaking . the whole thing , with I on it ! dr . klein Mrs. macneil the problem with you daughter be not she bed , it 's she brain . they both walk into klein 's office . interior - hospital - dr . klein' office - day CHRIS so , what cause this ? dr . klein lesion , lesion in the temperal lobe . it 's a kind of seizure disorder . CHRIS look doc , I really do not understand how she whole personality could change . dr . klein the temperal lobe be very common . could last for day , even week . it be not rare to find destructive or even criminal behaviour . CHRIS hey do I a favour will ya ' . tell I something good . dr . klein do not be alarmed . if it 's a lesion in a way she 's fortunate . all we have to do be remove the scar . interior - hospital - operating theatre - day we see regan be wheeled on a bed to the operate bench . the place the bed next to the bench and pull the bar down . male nurse regan , could you sit up and scoot over here ? regan do so and she lay back onto the operate bench . the male nurse push a button and the bench begin to move forward . male nurse regan , I be just gonna move you down to the table okay ? the bench come to a halt . male nurse just for a short time . both nurse , male and female , loosen regans gown around the neck to prep she for the doctor . they place monitor on she arm . male nurse very sticky . the doctor approach regan with a pot of betadine and put a sponge into the pot . doctor now regan you be go to feel something , a little bit cold and wet . he dab the sponge onto she neck make it a light brown colour . the doctor then pick up a hypodermic needle and move toward she . we can see Chris and Dr. klein in the view room . doctor okay , now you be gonna feel a little stick here . do not move . the doctor inject the needle into regan 's neck . doctor good . he then pick up a a needle head without the syringe , and move toward she . doctor okay , you be gonna feel some pressure here , now do not move . the doctor place the needle into the hole he make with the syringe . regan be quietly yelping in pain , and Chris be in pain watch she daughter suffer . the doctor take the tiny cap from the needle , regan 's clothing be squirt with blood and place a tube into the needle 's head . we see the blood rush from regan 's neck through the tube . the male nurse then tape regan 's chin down to prevent she from move . the nurse then move in a huge machine , two piece either side of regan 's head and a piece above . the light fade out in the theatre and all we can see be regan 's face illuminate by this huge machince above she . doctor hook up . we see a finger flip a switch and the machine come to life . a guy in the view room push another button and the machine let off several loud bang . in the theatre we can see regan cry . interior - hospital - x-ray room - day we see a x-ray slide of regan 's skull appear on a illuminate screen . then several more appear one after the other . we see Dr. tanney be control the slide as he examine they , Dr. klein be with he . dr . tanney there 's nothing there . no vascular displacement at all . you want I to run another series ? dr . klein I do not think so . I would like you to see she again . a nurse enter the room . nurse Excuse I Doctor . Chris macneil be on the phone , she say it 's urgent . dr . klein get some time ? dr . tanney of course . interior - macneil house -day we hear the doorbell ring and Sharon racing down the stair to answer it , but no sound could block out regan 's scream from up stair . Sharon open the door . sharon Dr. klein ? dr . klein yes I be Dr. klein , this be Dr. tanney . dr . tanney how do you do ? sharon hi Sharon , thing have get worse since we call you , I better take you up stair . dr . klein be she have spasm again ? sharon yes but they have get violent . dr . klein do you give she the medication she need ? sharon yes . dr . tanney what be that ? dr . klein thorazine . before that it be ritalin . they approach regan 's door . Sharon knock . sharon Chris , doctor . Chris open the door . dr . klein Mrs. macneil , this be Doctor tanney . we see regan be lay on she bed , thrashing she torso against the mattress and up again . regan mother please ! oh please mother make it stop ! it 's burn , it 's burn please mother ! CHRIS so something please Doctor , help she ! regan make it stop , it really hurt ! mother ! make it ... regan suddenly growl , she eye roll back and she throat swell abnormally . she stand up on the bed . dr . klein alright then regan , let 's see ... regan back hand Dr. klein and he fly backward . CHRIS oh regan ! regan / demon keep away ! the sow be mine ! she pull up she dress and mime masturbation . regan / demon fuck I ! fuck I ! fuck I ! she fall back and start to scream again . dr . klein get my bag ! Sharon grab Dr. klein 's bag and Karl slap regan to stop she from scream . Chris scream with horror in reaction to what she 's just see . Karl and Dr. tanney hold regan down as Dr. klein prepare a syringe to knock she out . regan stay away from I ! stay away ! mother ! dr . klein hold she steady , hold she tight ! Dr. klein inject the needle and Sharon take Chris outside . when the door be close , regan 's scream become dead silence . interior - macneil house - second floor hallway - day Chris and Sharon sit in the hallway with they head in hand . klein and tanney exit regan 's room and approach they . Chris stand . dr . klein she 's heavily sedate . she will probably sleep through tomorrow . CHRIS what be go on in there , how could she jump off the bed like that ? dr . tanney pathological state can induce abnormal strength , accelerate motor performance . for example , a ninety - pound woman see she child pin under the wheel of a truck , run out and lift the wheel half a foot up off the ground . you know the story , same thing here . same principle , I mean . CHRIS so what 's wrong with she ? dr . klein we still think the temporal lobe ... CHRIS oh . what be you talk about for Christ sake ! do you see she or not ? she 's act like a fuck out of she mind psychotic or a split personality or ... dr . tanney there have not be more than a hundred authenticate case of so - call split personality , Mrs. macneil . now I know the temptation be to leap to psychiatry , but any reasonable psychiatrist would exhaust the somatic possibility first . CHRIS so what 's next ? dr . tanney a pneumoencephelogram , I would think , pin down that lesion . it will involve another spinal . CHRIS oh , Christ . dr . tanney what we miss in the eeg and the arteriogram could conceivably turn up there . at the least , it would eliminate certain other possibility . interior - medical laboratory - day we see a piece of heavy machinery swivelling above the camera . we then see regan strapped to a table , hook up to the machine . she 's yelping in pain . interior - dr . klein' office -day Dr. klein be look over the lab report and seem baffle . dr . klein Dr. tanney say the x-ray be negative . in other word normal . Chris sigh . dr . klein do you keep any drug in you house ? CHRIS no . of course not , nothing like that . dr . klein be you sure ? CHRIS well of course I be sure . I would tell you . Christ , I do not even smoke grass . dr . klein be you plan to be home soon ? LA , I mean . CHRIS no . I be building a new house , the old one 's be sell . I be go to take regan to Europe for a while , after she finish school here . why d' you ask ? dr . klein I think it 's time we start look for a psychiatrist . interior - CHRIS ' car - night angle from driver 's seat - ' m' Street and 36th . through the windshield , dead ahead , a crowd have gather by the base of the steep step beside the house , and a ambulance be pull out into traffic . Police car light be flash . as Chris round off the bridge on to prospect street , the ambulance pull out and then get ahead of she , siren wail . we follow the ambulance for two beat . interior - macneil house - kitchen - night the light be blink on and off and the phone be ringing . Chris enter the kitchen and answer the phone . CHRIS ( down the phone ) hello ? but there be no answer . she put the phone down and wander further into the kitchen . the light be still blink . CHRIS Sharon ? the light come back on . CHRIS shar ? still no response . Chris exit to the lounge . interior - macneil house - second floor hall - night as Chris reach the landing she halt , she eye warily scan around , then she continue down the hall toward we , and open the door to regan 's bedroom . interior - macneil house - regan's bedroom - night there be silence as Chris stand by the door a moment . Chris hug herself , shiver from the cold . regan be sound asleep and uncover from the bed sheet . Chris see that the window be wide open . CHRIS ( whisper ) shit . Chris move to the window and close it , but still feel cold . she walk to regan and pull the cover back over she . interior - macneil house - second floor hall - night as Chris exit and softly close regan 's door . she walk toward the stair when we hear the front door close , follow by a call . sharon ( downstairs ) Sharon ! interior - macneil house - foyer - night Sharon enter with a brown pharmacy bag . CHRIS what the hell do you mean go out and leave regan by she self ! what be you kid she window 's wide open ... sharon what do not he tell you ? CHRIS do not who tell I ? sharon burke . CHRIS what 's burke get to do with it ? sharon well , when I go to get the thorazine I have he to stay with she and ... oh , I should of know better . CHRIS yeah , well I guess you should have . Chris hang up she jacket and the doorbell ring . sharon what do the doctor say ? CHRIS we have to start look for a shrink . she open the door . it 's the assistant director . CHRIS hi Chuck , c'mon in . chuck I suppose you have hear . CHRIS Heard what ? Chuck take he hat off and hold it to he chest . chuck you have not hear . Chris turn around to face he and look baffle . chuck burke 's dead . ( short pause ) he must of be drunk . he fall down from the top of the step right outside , by the time he hit ' m' Street he would break he neck . Chris put she hand to she mouth . CHRIS oh God ! Chris break into tear and press up against the wall . Chuck gently hug she from behind . chuck yeah , I know . Chuck back away . chuck I will see you later . Chuck exit . CHRIS oh burke ! poor burke ! sharon I can not believe it . Chris lower she brow into she hand , lean against the door . she shake she head , exhales . CHRIS I guess everything - she break off , stare with horror at something descend the stair . it 's regan on all four . she 's glide , spiderlike , noiselessly and swiftly , down the staircase . she halt directly at the bottom . stare at Sharon . Sharon be shocked and eye fix on regan . regan 's tongue begin to flicker rapidly in and out of she mouth . she crawl very speedly toward Sharon with she tongue stick out . Sharon scream and run toward the door , Chris fall on regan try to hold she back . CHRIS call the doctor ! we fade to black psychiatrist now when I touch you forehead , open you eye . we fade back with a full face shot of regan , with two finger wiping she brow . interior - macneil house - CHRIS ' bedroom - day we stay fix on regan 's full mug shot . psychiatrist be you comfortable regan ? regan yes . psychiatrist how old be you ? regan twelve . psychiatrist be there someone inside you ? regan sometimes . psychiatrist who be it ? regan I do not know . psychiatrist be it Captain howdy ? regan I do not know . psychiatrist if I ask he to tell I , will you let he answer ? we now get a view of the whole room . Chris and Dr. klein be also present . regan no . psychiatrist why not ? regan I be afraid . psychiatrist if he talk to I , I think he will leave you . do you want he to leave you ? regan yes . we get a close up of the psychiatrist . psychiatrist I be talk to the person inside of regan now . if you be there you too be hypnotise and must answer all my question . come forward answer I now . a frame picture of regan drop to the floor . we switch to a close up of regan who be growl like some kind of animal . Chris and Dr. klein both cover there nose and mouth as if a foul stench be circulate the room . psychiatrist be you the person inside of regan ? regan 's eye be fix on the psychiatrist . her arm be propped up like a cobra ready to strike . psychiatrist who be you ? regan 's hand drop and grip the psychiatrist scrotum , squeezing like a vice . the psychiatrist scream in pain . psychiatrist arghhhh harold !!! help I ! Dr. klein grab regan and pull she away . regan fall back and scream extremely loud . exterior - running track - georgetown university - day in training gear , karras be run lap . seat on a bench at the edge of the track , watch karras , Lt. kinderman . karras seem curious , if not disturb , by kinderman 's presence . when karras stop , panting , kinderman rise and move toward he . kinderman Father karras ? karras pick up he towel and wipe he brow . karras have we meet ? kinderman no we have not meet , but they say I could tell ; that you look like a boxer . kinderman show he badge . kinderman William f. kinderman . homicide . karras what 's this about ? kinderman yeah , it 's true . you do look like a boxer . John garfield , in body and soul . exactly John garfield anyone tell you that Father ? karras do people tell you look like Paul Newman ? kinderman always . karras walk away toward the campus . kinderman you this director be do a film here , burke denning ? karras I have see he . kinderman you have see he . you be also familiar with how last week he die ? karras only what I read in the papers . kinderman paper . tell I , what do you know about the subject of witchcraft ? from the witching end , not the hunt . karras I once do a paper on it kinderman really ? karras from the psychiatric end . kinderman I know . I read it . this desecration 's in the church you think they have anything to do with witchcraft ? karras maybe . some ritual use in Black mass . maybe . kinderman and denning , you read how he die ? karras yeah , a fall . kinderman let I tell you how Father , and please confidential . burke denning , good Father , be find at the bottom of that step lead to ' m' Street , with he head turn completely around . facing backwards . karras could not it of happen on the fall . kinderman it 's possible . possible however karras unlikely . kinderman exactly . so on the one hand we have get a witchcraft type of murder and a Black mass style of desecration in the church . karras you think the killer and the desecrator be the same ? kinderman maybe somebody crazy , someone with a spite against the church , some unconscious rebellion , perhaps . karras sick priest , be that it ? kinderman look , Father this be hard for you - please . but for priest on the campus here , you be the psychiatrist ; you would know who be sick at the time , who be not . I mean this kind of sickness . you would know that . karras I do not know anyone who fit the description . kinderman ah , doctor 's ethic . if you know you would not tell , huh ? karras no I probably would not . kinderman not to bother you with trivia , but a psychiatrist in sunny California be throw in jail for not tell the judge what he know about a patient . karras be that a threat ? kinderman no , I mention it only in pass . karras incidentally I mention only in pass that I could tell the judge that it be a matter of confession . karras walk off toward he dormitory and kinderman chase he . kinderman hey , Father ? you like movie ? karras very much . kinderman I get pass to the best show in town . Mrs. k though , she get tired and never like to go . karras that 's to bad . kinderman yeah , I hate to go alone . you know , I like to talk film ; discuss the critique . d' you wanna see a film with I ? I get pass to the crest . it 's othello . karras who 's in it ? kinderman who 's in it ? Debbie reynold , desdemona , and othello , groucho marx . you be happy ? karras I have see it . kinderman one last time : can you think of some priest who fit the bill ? karras come on ! kinderman answer the question , Father paranoia . karras alright . you know who I think really do it ? kinderman who ? karras the dominican . go pick on they . kinderman I could have you deport , you know that ? karras walk to the front door . kinderman ( shout to karras ) I lie ! karras turn around . kinderman ( shouting to karras ) you look like sal mineo ! karras smile and walk inside . exterior - barringer clinic - day the leave blow as the camera zoom in on the barringer Clinic . interior - barringer clinic - ward - day clinic director it look like a type of disorder that you rarely ever see anymore , except in primitive culture . we see regan on a monitor screen . she 's in another fit , in bed and restrain by strap . clinic director we call it a somnambuliform possession . we cut to another angle of regan who have slightly visible welt on she face . she 's still scream . we then cut to regan , now flat on she back , mumble to herself . interior - barringer clinic - director' office - day clinic director quite frankly , we do not know much about it except that it 's start with some conflict or guilt that eventually lead to the patient 's delusion that he body 's be invade by a alien intellegence ; a spirit if you will . CHRIS look , I be tell you again and you would better believe it , I be not about to put she in a goddamn asylum ! clinic director it 's - CHRIS and I do not care what you call it ! I be not put she away ! clinic director I be sorry . CHRIS you be sorry . Christ , eighty - eight doctor and all you can tell I be all of you bullshit ... clinic director - there be one outside chance of a cure . I think of it as shock treatment . as I say , there be a outside chance ... CHRIS will you just name it , for God 's sake ? what be it ? male doctor do you have any religious belief ? CHRIS no . female doctor what about you daughter ? CHRIS no , why ? clinic director have you ever hear of exorcism ? Chris look at he baffle . clinic director it 's a stylize ritual in which rabbis or priest try to drive out the so-called invade spirit . it 's pretty much discard this day , except by the Catholic who keep it in the closet as a sort of embarrassment . it have work , in fact , although not for the reason they think , of course . it be purely the force of suggestion . the victim 's belief in possession help cause it ; and just in the same way this belief in the power of exorcism can make it disappear . CHRIS you be tell I that , I should take my daughter to a witch doctor ? be that it ? the Clinic director nod and look at Chris . exterior - prospect STREET - macneil house - day a car have pull up and Karl be exite the driver 's seat and open the rear door while Sharon exit on the right rear side . Karl reach in and pick up a small figure ( regan ) wrap in a blanket from Chris ' back seat . exterior - m STREET - day kinderman be exam the area where burke be find dead . he walk to the steep concrete step and look up they . we feel and eerie atmosphere suround this step . interior - macneil house - regan's bedroom - day regan be tuck up in bed . Chris move slowly forward to the bedside and look down at regan . Chris then lean and tenderly adjut she pillow . in the process , she uncover a crucifix under it . she lift it out , examine it . exterior - m STREET - day kinderman begin to climb the stair but stop and turn back . he look down in a small ditch beside the step . he clear the grass with he foot and reach down for something . he pick up a small sculpture of a animal make of clay . he examine it and then climb the step . interior - macneil house - second floor hallway - day Chris exit regan 's room and approach Karl who be descend the stair . Chris lean over the bannister . CHRIS Karl ? do you put this in regan 's bedroom ? karl she be go to be well ? CHRIS Karl if you put this in regan 's room I want you to tell I , now do you ? karl no . it be not I . I do not . interior - macneil house - study - day Chris have now confront both Sharon and Willie in the study . she show the crucifix to they . CHRIS this be under regan 's pillow . do you put it there ? sharon of course I do not . willie I do not put it . Karl enter the room . karl Excuse I miss ? CHRIS ( shouting ) what ! karl a man to see you . CHRIS ( shouting ) what man ? interior - macneil house - foyer - day kinderman stand with he hat in he hand as Chris approach . interior - macneil house - kitchen - day Chris and kinderman both sit in the kitchen , coffee cup in hand . kinderman do you daughter remember if perhaps Mr. denning be in she room in she room that night ? CHRIS no , she be heavily sedate . kinderman it 's serious ? CHRIS yes , I be affraid it be . kinderman May I ask ...? CHRIS we still do not know . kinderman watch out for draft . a draft in the fall when the house be hot be a magic carpet for bacteria . Karl enter the room . karl Excuse I Madame ? will there be anything else ? CHRIS no thanks Karl . Karl stand in the background . Chris turn to he . CHRIS it 's okay Karl . Karl exit . kinderman strange ...strange ... so baffling . the decease come to visit , stay only twenty minute , and leave all alone a very sick girl . and speak plainly Mrs. macneil , as you say , it 's not likely he would fall from a window . besides that , a fall would not do to he neck what we find except maybe a chance in a thousand . my hunch ? my opinion ? I believe he be kill by a very powerful man : point one . and the fracture of the skull - point two - plus the various thing I have mention , would make it very probable - probable , not certain - that the decease be kill and then push from you daughter 's window . but no - one be here except you daughter . so how could this be ? it could be one way : if someone come call between the time miss Spencer leave and the time you return . the servant , they have visitor ? CHRIS no . not at all , kinderman you be expect a deliver y that day ? CHRIS not that I know of . kinderman Grocery maybe ? a package ? CHRIS I really would not know , you see Karl take care of that . kinderman oh , I see . CHRIS want to ask he ? kinderman never mind . Chris rise . CHRIS would you like some more coffee ? kinderman please . kinderman follow Chris further into the kitchen . he notice some of regan 's artwork . he pick up a small sculpt turtle and examine it . kinderman that 's cute . Chris look over at kinderman . kinderman you daughter , she 's the artist ? Chris smile . she hand he the coffee . kinderman incidentally , just a chance in a million , I know ; but you daughter - you could possibly ask she if she see Mr. denning in she room that night ? CHRIS look , he would not have any reason to be up there in the first place . kinderman I know that . I realize . but if a certain british doctor never ask " what 's this fungus ? " we would not today have penicillin . correct ? CHRIS when she 's well enough , I will ask . kinderman could not hurt . in the meantime ... kinderman falter , embarrassed . kinderman I hate to ask you this but ... for my daughter could you maybe give a autograph ? CHRIS of course . have you get a pen ? kinderman pull out a pen and a call card and give they to Chris . kinderman oh , she would love it . CHRIS what 's she name ? kinderman hesitates . his eye be desperate and defiant . kinderman I lie . it 's for I . the spelling be on the back , kinderman . you know that film you make call angel ? isaw that six time . CHRIS really ? wow . interior - macneil house - foyer - day Chris help kinderman put hic coat on . kinderman you be a very nice lady . Chris give he hat to he . kinderman thank you . CHRIS you be a nice man . Chris open the front door . kinderman I will come back when she 's feel better . kinderman exit and Chris close the door a lock it . she hold she hand to she mouth and slowly walk away . we suddenly here a crash from regan 's room , follow by loud voice . regan please ! no ! male voice do it ! regan please no ! male voice you bitch ! do it ! do it ! Chris race up the stair and run to regan 's room . regan no! please ! no ! Chris open the door and see object rapdly fly around the room . we hear a last gasp scream from regan untill Chris turn to regan and cover she mouth with horror . regan / demon let Jesus fuck you ! regan have the crucifix grip in she hand and be plunging it into she bloody vagina . there be fresh cut all over she face , stream with blood . regan / demon let Jesus fuck you ! let he fuck you !!! Chris run over to regan and try to pry the crucifix from she hand . they struggle for the crucifix . regan then grab Chris ' head and push it into she bloody crotch . regan / demon lick I ! lick I ! Chris ' face emerge cover with regan 's blood . regan slap she mother and send she fly to the floor . Chris scream in pain . Sharon and Willie race up the stair . sharon Chris ? the door close by itself be hold shut by a chair . they both bag on the door to help she . Chris look up to see that regan 's wardrobe be move toward she . Chris scurries out of the way . we turn back to regan who be sit with she back to we , but she have spun she head in a 180 - degree angle , face backward ( Chris ) . Chris look up at she . regan / burke do you know what she do , you cunting daughter ? Chris turn away and scream , burst into tear . exterior - 35th STREET bridge and canal - day Chris be stand on the bridge alone . she 's wear oversize dark glass . Father karras approach she , he be wear khakis , sweater and sturdy , scuffle tennis shoe . karras Chris macneil ? CHRIS please go away . karras I be Father karras . Chris turn around and shake he hand . CHRIS oh , I be very sorry Father . hi. karras that 's okay . I should have tell you I would not be in uniform . CHRIS yeah , it would have help . have you gotta cigarette Father ? karras seaches he pocket and pull out a pack of cigarettes . Chris take one and karras light it for she . they walk down the step to the canal side . CHRIS so , how would a shrink ever get to be a priest ? karras it 's the other way around . the society send I through mo school . CHRIS where ? karras Harvard , Bellevue , John hopkins . CHRIS you be a friend of Father dyer , right ? karras yes be . CHRIS pretty close ? karras pretty close . CHRIS do he tell you about my party ? karras sure do . CHRIS about my daughter ? karras no I do not know you have one . CHRIS he do not mention ? karras no . CHRIS do not tell you of what she do ? karras he do not mention she . CHRIS Priests keep pretty tight mouth then ? karras that depend . CHRIS on what ? karras the priest . CHRIS I mean , what if a person , let 's say , be a criminal , like maybe a murderer or something , you know ? if he come to you for help , would you have to turn he in ? karras if he come to I for spritual help , I would say no . CHRIS you would not . karras no I would not . but I would try to persuade he to turn himself in . CHRIS and how do you go about get a exorcism ? karras I beg you pardon ? CHRIS if a person be possess by a demon of some kind , how do you go about get a exorcism ? karras well , the first thing I would do be put they into a time macine and send they back to the sixteenth century . CHRIS I do not get you ? karras well it just do not happen anymore Mrs. macneil . CHRIS oh yeah , since when ? karras since we learn about mental illness , paranoia , schizophrenia . all the thing they teach I in Harvard . Mrs. macneil since the day I join the jesuit , I have never meet one priest who have perform a exorcism , not one . CHRIS yeah well , it just so happen that somebody very close to I be probably possess , and need a exorcist . Chris burst into tear . CHRIS Father karras it 's my little girl . karras grab Chris ' arm and walk she over to a bench . they both sit . Chris be still cry . karras that 's all the more reason to forget about exorcism . CHRIS why , I do not understand ? karras to begin with it could make thing worse . CHRIS but how ? karras well before the church approve a exorcism , it conduct a investigation to see if it 's warrant . that take time . in the meantime ... CHRIS you could do it yourself ... karras no I could not , I have to have church approval , and frankly , that 's rarely give , - CHRIS could you see she ? karras yes I could , I could see she as a psychiatrist ... CHRIS not a psychiatrist ! she need a priest ! she 's already see every fuck psychiatrist in the world and they send I to you , now you be gonna send I back to they ! Jesus Christ , will not somebody help she ! karras no , you do not understand . you daughter - CHRIS oh , will you help she ! just help she ! Chris burst into tear again and bury she head into karras shoulder . karras put he arm around she . interior - macneil house - staircase - day Chris and karras be ascend the staircase . when they reach the door we see Karl hold a huge headboard with strap and pad on it . karl it want no strap . karras stare at he , then give Chris a look . he pluck up he courage and enter the room . interior - macneil house - regan's bedroom - day karras stop as he see regan , on the bed , arm hold down by a set of restrain strap , it seem no longer entirley regan but something somehow demonic that now lie on the bed and stare at he . her face be puffy , scratch and bruise from self - mutilation . there be a sustagen flask use for a naso - gastric feed , the tube be place up she leave nostril . karras be momentarily take aback . then , reining in he revulsion , he slowly and warily close the door behind he , and walk around the other side of the bed . karras hello regan . I be a friend of you mother , I would like to help you . regan /demon you might loosen the strap then . karras I be affraid you might hurt yourself regan . regan /demon I be not regan . karras I see . well then let 's introduce ourselves , I be damien karras . regan / demon and I be the Devil ! now kindly undo this strap ! karras if you be the devil , why not make the strap disappear ? regan /demon that 's much to vulgar a display of power karras . karras where 's regan ? regan /demon in here . with we . karras show I regan and I will loosen one of the strap . regan / homeless guy can you help a old altar boy fa-dah ? karras look at regan . he 's puzzle by what she have just say . he sit down on a chair beside the window . regan / demon you mother 's in here with we karras , would you like to leave a message ? I will see that she get it . karras if that 's true , then you must know my mother 's maiden name . what be it ? regan keep a sharp stare on karras . karras ' smile turn to a angry stare . he rise and move to she bed side . karras what be it ? regan lean forward a vomit a disgusting , green bile in karras ' face . karras wipe it off , cough . regan keep she eye fix on he , with green vomit cover she night gown . interior - macneil house - basement - early evening karras be look through some of regan 's drawing . Chris approach he with he sweater , now clean . she hand it to he . karras thanks . look , I be only against the possibility of do you daughter more harm than good . CHRIS nothing you could do would make it any worse . karras I can not do it . I need evidence that the church would accept as sign of possession . CHRIS like what ? karras like she speak in a language that she 's never know or study . CHRIS what else ? karras I do not know . I will have to look it up . CHRIS I think you be suppose to be a expert . karras there be no expert . you probably know as much about possession than most priest . look you daughter do not say she 's a demon , she say she 's the devil himself and if you have see as many psychotics as I have , you would know it 's like say you be napoleon bonaparte . you ask I what I think be best for you daughter . six month , under observation in the best hospital you can find . CHRIS you show I regan 's double : same face , same voice , same everything . I would know it be not regan . I would know in my gut and I be tell you that that thing upstairs be not my daughter ! and I want you to tell I that you know for a fact that there 's nothing wrong with my daughter except in she mind ! you tell I you know for a fact that a exorcism would not do any good ! you tell I that ! exterior - macneil house - night Chris open the door for karras . he step out on the stoop carry he sweater . karras do regan know a priest be come over ? CHRIS no . karras do you know my mother die recently ? CHRIS yes I do , I be sorry . karras no , be regan aware of it ? CHRIS not at all . why d' you ask ? karras it 's not important good night . karras exit the gate and cross the street . we cut to kinderman in a unmark car watch karras cross the street . kinderman then look up to regan 's window and see a silohette move around . interior - university of WASHINGTON - dahlgren chapel - day karras be perform a service in the church . karras he break the bread , give it to he disciple and say " take this , all of you and eat . for this be my body . " when the supper have end , he take the cup , again he give you thanks and praise . gave the cup to he disciple and say " take this , all of you will drink from it , this be the cup of blood , the blood of the new and ever last covenant and the mystery of faith " . regan / demon ( Voice over ) what a excellent day for a exorcism . interior - macneil house - regan's bedroom - day karras pull a tape recorder out of he bag and prop a microphone on she bed near she . karras sit on a chair next to she wardrobe . karras you would like that ? regan / demon intensely . karras but would not that drive you out of regan ? regan /demon it would bring we together . karras you and regan ? regan /demon you and we . the bureau drawer fly open on it 's own . karras do you do that ? regan / demon uh huh . karras push the drawer back in . karras do it again . regan /demon in time . karras no now . regan /demon in time . but mirabile dictu , do not you agree ? karras press record on the tape recorder . karras you speak Latin ? regan /demon ego the abslovo . karras quod nomen mihi est ? regan / demon bon jour . karras quod nomen mihi est ? regan /demon La plume de mar tante . the demon laugh full and mockingly . karras how long be you plan to stay in regan ? regan /demon until she rot and lie stinking in the earth . karraspulls out a small vial of water . regan /demon what 's that ? karras Holy water . karras move to the end of the bed . regan /demon you keep it away . karras uncap the vial and now sprinkle it 's content over regan . instantly , regan writhes in pain and terror . regan / demon ahhhhhhhhhhh ! ahhhhhhh ! it burn ! ohhhh ! it burn ! regan 's head fall back onto the pillow as she roll she head from side to side shouting out indistrict gibberish : regan /demon emit su evig ! karras be intrigue and sit on the bed beside she . he move the microphone up to she mouth a listen . regan /demon ydob eht no mraw si it ! uoy ees i! tseirp a si eh ! emit su evig ! nirrem ! nirrem ! karras who be you ? regan / demon tseirp a si eh ! eno on mar i! eno on mar I ! ahhhhhhhhhhh ! interior - macneil house - study - day we see karras descend the stair as we hear Chris on the phone with someone . karras wait outside until Chris be finish . CHRIS ( on the phone ) okay , I will talk to you some other time . no it 's just that I be go through something and ... no , no there 's nothing . thanks alot . bye . Chris hang up the phone . karras enter and sit on the couch . CHRIS wanna drink . karras please . CHRIS what do you drink ? Chris walk to the drink cabinet . karras scotch , Ice , water . Chris pour the drink . CHRIS no ice . I will get some from the kitchen . Chris walk toward the kitchen but karras stop she . karras no it 's alright I will take it straight . CHRIS be you sure ? karras it 's fine really , sit . Chris sit down . karras where 's regan 's father ? CHRIS in Europe . karras have you tell he what 's happen ? CHRIS no karras well I think you should . he hold up the empty vial . karras I tell regan that be holy water , I sprinkle some on she and she react very violently . it 's tap water . CHRIS what 's the difference ? karras Holy water 's bless . and that do not help support a case for possession . Chris turn she head away and frown . she look at karras again . CHRIS ( whisper ) she ... kill burke denning . karras what ? CHRIS she kill burke denning . she push he out of the window . karras look shocked . interior - language lab - night karras be with the lab director . they be listen to karras recording of regan . karras be tense . the director stop the tape . lab director it 's a language alright . it 's english . karras stand up . karras what do you mean english ? lab director it 's english in reverse , listen . the lab director throw a switch and the tape start again , in perfect english . regan / demon ( tape ) give we time ! let she die ! interior - karras ' room - night karras be listen to the eerie , unearthly voice on the tape . regan / demon ( tape ) I be no one ! I be no one ! he be a priest ! karras ( tape ) uoy era ohw . regan / demon ( tape ) merrin ! merrin ! karras stop the tape and rewind it slightly . he play it again . regan / demon ( tape ) I be no one ! I be no one ! he be a priest ! karras ( tape ) uoy era ohw . the phone ring and startles he . he answer the phone . karras ( on phone ) yeah , yes ?... I will be right there . exterior - prospect STREET - night it 's very late , karras be run down the street . he come to the gate of the macneil house . Sharon open the gate . she 's hold a flashlightand she put she finger on she lip for quiet . interior - macneil house - stairway - night they both ascend the stair and creep toward regan 's room . sharon ( whisper ) I do not want Chris to see this . karras well what 's wrong ? what be it ? they stop at regan 's door . Sharon put she coat on and turn on the flash light . she open the door and they enter . interior - macneil house - regan's bedroom - night Sharon close the door behind they . karras react to the extreme cold . his breath , like Sharon 's , be frosttily condense in the chill air of the room . he look at Sharon with wonder . they both approach the bedside . they stop by the bed . regan seem to be in a coma , heavily breathe . Sharon be bend , gently pull regan 's pajama top wide apart , expose regan 's stomach . Sharon point the flashlight at regan 's stomach . karras look in shock when we see on she stomach , rise up slowly on she skin be two word help I . karras ' eye be fix on this two word as we once again see they on regan 's stomach . interior - healy build - ground floor hallway - day karras walk down the hall toward the stairway . he climb the stair and we follow he to the top . interior - healy build - cardinal' office - day in the room , karras and the cardinal . cardinal you be convinced that it 's genuine . karras I do not know . no , not really I suppose . but I have make a prudent judgement that it meet the condition set down in the ritual . cardinal you would want to do the exorcism yourself ? karras yes . cardinal it might be best to have a man with experience . maybe someone who 's spend time in the foreign mission . karras I see , you excellency . cardinal let 's see whose around . in the meantime I will call you as soon as I know . karras thank you you excellency . karras stand up and kiss the cardinal 's hand . interior - georgetown university president's office - day president well , he do know the background . I doubt there 's any danger in just have he assist . there should be a psychiatrist present , anyway . cardinal and what about the exorcist ? any idea ? president how about lankaster merrin . cardinal merrin ? I have notion he be over in Iraq . I think I read he be work on a dig around nineveh . president that 's right Mike . but he 's finish and come back around three to four month ago , he 's in woodstock now . cardinal what 's he do there ? Teaching ? president no , he 's work on another book . cardinal do not you think he 's too old , though ? how 's he health ? president it must be alright . he 's still run around digging up tomb . besides , he 's have experience . cardinal I do not know that . president ten maybe twelve year ago , in Africa . the exorcism supposedly last for month . I hear it damn near kill he . exterior - prospect STREET - macneil house - night a cab pull up to the house in long shot . out of the cab step a tall , old priest , carry a batter valise . a hat obscure he face . as the cab pull away , the priest stand roote in the mist , stare up at the second floor window like a melancholy traveler freeze in time . interior - macneil house - front door - night Chris open the door , disclose the priest , face still shade by the hat , and Roman collar by coat buttone at the top . merrin Mrs. macneil ? CHRIS yes . merrin I be Father merrin . CHRIS come in . merrin take off he hat and coat . merrin be Father karras here ? karras enter the foyer . Chris take merrin 's hat and coat . CHRIS yes . he 's already here . karras Father ? merrin walk over to greet karras . merrin Father karras . they shake hand . karras it 's a honour to meet you Father . they both look up as the scream of the demon , booming , amplify , come from regan 's room . regan / demon merrin !!!!!!! merrin be you tired ? karras no . merrin I would like you to go quickly over to the resdence damien , and gather up a cassock for myself , two surplice , a purple steal , and some holy water , and you copy of the Roman ritual . the large one . I believe we should begin . karras do you want to hear the background of the case , first ? merrin why ? exterior - university step -night karras be run down the step carry a the cassock and a large case . merrin ( Voice over ) especially important be the warning to avoid conversation with the demon . interior - macneil house - study - night karras and merrin be dress in vestment take from the case . merrin we may ask what be relevant , but anything beyond that be dangerous . he be a liar , the demon be a liar . he will lie to confuse we . but he will also mix lie with the truth to attack we . the attack be psychological , damien . and powerful . so do not listen , remember that , do not listen . karras I think it would be helpful if I give you some background on the different personality regan have manifest . so far , there seem to be three . she 's convinced - merrin there 's only one . interior - macneil house - second floor landing - night merrin and karras , fully vested , Roman ritual in hand , slowly ascend the stair in single file . we can hear the demon make horrible , growl noise in the room . the priest approach Chris and Sharon , bundle in sweater . the priest halt , and look at Chris . interior - macneil house - regan's bedroom - night merrin open the door and see regan stare at he with burn eye . merrin step into the room follwe by karras . karras close the door on Chris before she walk in . merrin walk to the side of the bed and karras halt at the foot . ( the room be freezing . breath be condense throughout ) . merrin lay he holy water on the bedside table , take a crucifix out of a leather case . he then trace the sign of the cross at regan . she look up . regan /demon stick you cock up she ass ! you mother fuck , worthless cocksucker ! merrin be silent ! merrin sprinkle some holy water on she . she throw she head back and cry in pain . merrin lean down beside she and open up the Roman ritual . merrin we Father who art in heaven ... regan spit and hit merrin in the eye with a yellowish glob of mucus that slowly ooze down he cheek . karras quickly hide behind the bed post as merrin pull out a handkerchief and unhurriedly wipe away the spittle : merrin hallow be thy name . thy kingdom come , thy will be do , on earth as it be in heaven . give we this day , we daily bread , and forgive we we trespasp , as we forgive that who trespass against we . and lead we not into temptation . karras but deliver we from the evil one . regan be cough and groan as the two priest continue with the ritual . merrin save I o' God by thy name , by thy might defend my cause , proud man have rise up against I , man of violence seek my life , but God be my helper , the Lord sustain my life and every need he have deliver to I , glory be to the Father , the Son and the Holy Spirit . karras as it be in the begin be now and ever shall be , world without end , amen . merrin save you servant karras who place she trust in thee , my God . merrin be unto she o' Lord a fortify tower . karras in the face of the enemy . regan raise she head and scream at merrin several time . merrin let the enemy have no power over she . karras and the son of iniquity be powerless to harm she . regan /demon you mother suck cock in hell karras , you faithless slime ! merrin o'lord hear my prey . karras and let my cry come unto thee . merrin the Lord be with you . karras and also with you . merrin let we pray . Holy Lord , almighty Father , everlast God and Father of we Lord Jesus Christ , who once and for all consign that fall tyrant to the flame of hell . who send you only begotten son into the world to crush that roaring lion . regans bed begin to jump up and down , crash onto the floor . regan continue to scream at the two priest . merrin hasten to we call for help and snatch from ruination and from the clutches of the noonday devil , this human be make in you image and likeness . Strike terror Lord , into the beast , now lay waste you vineyard , let you mighty hand cast he out of you servant , regan Teresa macneil , so he may no longer hold captive this person , whom it pleased you to make in you image . merrin sprinkle more holy water on regan . she fall back cry in pain . merrin ... and to redeem through you son . who life and reign with you , in the unity of the holy spirit , God forever and ever . karras amen merrin o'lord hear my preyer . to karras ' amazement the bed begin to rise . merrin wait for damien 's reponse , but karras be freeze with shock as the bed rise past he face . merrin Father karras ? Father karras ? damien ? the reponse please damien ! karras and let my cry come unto thee . the bed crash back to the floor . regan still scream and writhes in pain . merrin almighty Lord , word of God the father Jesus Christ , God and Lord of all creation , who give to you holy apostle the power to tramp underfoot serpent and scorpion . grant I , you unworthy servant pardon for all my sin ... regan / demon bastard ! stop ! regan stare at Father karras and snake she abnormaly long tongue in and out at he . merrin ... and the power to confront this cruel demon . karras amen regan fall back on she pillow and begin to groan . both priest trace the sign of the cross . merrin hold he purple steal to regan 's cheek as green vomit slowly ooze from she mouth . regan turn she head and vomit on the steal . merrin see the cross of the Lord . be go you hostile power . o'lord hear my prayer . karras and let my cry come unto thee . merrin the Lord be with you . karras and also with you . merrin take the bile cover steal from around he neck and hand it to karras who quickly wash it in regan 's bathroom . we hear bang , as cupboard door open against the wall . regan be flat on she back laugh wickedly . merrin hold he hand to he ear because of the noise . karras hand the steal back to merrin , who kiss it before apply around he neck . regan continue to laugh as merrin begin to cough violently . merrin I cast you out !!! unclean spirit ...! regan /demon shove it up you ass you faggot ! merrin ... in the name of the Lord Jesus Christ !!! it be he who command you ! he who flung you from the height of Heaven to the depth of hell ! regan / demon fuck he !!! merrin ... be go !! regan / demon fuck he karras !!! fuck he !!! merrin ... from this creature of God !!! regan lay back as merrin race to she bedside trace the sign of the cross with he finger in she hair . merrin be go !! in the name of the Father , and of the son , and of the holy spirit !! by this sign of the holy cross , of we Lord Jesus Christ , who life and reign with the father and the holy spirit ... regan sit up and with a nightmare slowness , a fraction at a time , she head begin to turn , swiveling like a mannequin 's and creak with the sound of a rusted mechanism . once again damien 's attention be divert and merrin have to prompt he . merrin damien !!! her head completely turn in a 360 - degree turn and stare at karras . karras amen . merrin defender of the human race ... a thunderous earthquake knock both priest to the ground . merrin ... look down in pity ... regan /demon you kill you mother !!! you leave she alone to die !!!! she will never forgive you !!! bastard !!! karras shut up !! merrin ... upon this you servant , regan Teresa macneil . another quake knock they to the ground . regan fall back , the bed sheet fly off of the bed and the strap slowly rip apart . regan 's eye roll back into the socket and she slowly start to levitate . merrin I command you by the judge of the live and the dead , to depart from this servant of God . regan be now levitate toward the celing , arm out stretch like a cross . merrin it 's the power ! ( to karras ) - Holy water . karras run to the bedside table and grab the bottle of holy water , he run back and give it to merrin . merrin it 's the power of Christ , that compel you . merrin + karras the power of Christ compel you . merrin sprinkle holy water . merrin + karras the power of Christ compel you . merrin sprinkle holy water and we see a cut appear on she skin . merrin + karras the power of Christ compel you . the power of Christ compel you . the power of Christ compel you . the power of Christ compel you . regan begin to descend . merrin + karras the power of Christ compel you . the power of Christ compel you . the power of Christ compel you . the power of Christ compel you . the power of Christ compel you . the power of Christ compel you . the power of Christ compel you . regan land back on the bed once more . merrin + karras the power of Christ compel you . karras rush to the bed and tie she hand together to symbolize the cross . merrin he bring you low by he bloodstain cross ! do not despise my command because you no I to be a sinner . it 's God himself who command you ! the majestic Christ who command ! God the Father command you ! God the son command you ! as karras turn away , regan raise she tie hand and deal he a powerful blow on the back of he head . he fall to the floor . merrin God the holy spirit command you ! merrin sprinkle more holy water on regan , she fall back and scream in pain . merrin the mystery of the cross command you ! the blood of the martyr command you ! the priest be again knock to the floor by a earthquake . briefly regan lift herself toward a apparition of the demon statue pazuzu . merrin give way to Christ , you prince of murderer . you be guilty , before almighty God , guilty before he son , guilty before the whole human race . it 's the Lord who expel you . he who be come to judge both the live and the dead and the world by fire . as merrin kneel by the bed , karras crawl over and cover regan with a blanket . merrin be you tired ? karras nod . merrin let 's rest before we start again . merrin leave the room , but karras stay sit on the bed , shiver with both coldness and fear . regan be asleep . interior - macneil house - second floor hallway - stair - night a exhaust merrin and karras be sit in the hallway , on the stair , outside the bathroom . karras why this girl it make no sense ? merrin I think the point be to make we dispair ... to see we selve as ... animal and ugly ... to reject the possibillity that God could love we . merrin will you excuse I , damien ? merrin rise and move toward the bathroom . interior - macneil house - bathroom - night merrin sit on the toilet and take out he pilbox . he extract a nitorglycerin tablet and place it under he tongue . he be shaking with fear as he hold he head with exhaustion . interior - macneil house - second floor hallway - night karras move back toward the bedroom and enter . interior - macneil house - regan's bedroom - night karras be shocked to see a instant apparition of he mother , lay on the bed in place of regan . it vanish . he move toward regan , who be shiver and drench with sweat . regan /mr . karras dimmy , why you do this to I ? karras get out a stehoscope and place it on regan 's chest . regan /mr . karras please dimmy , I be affraid . karras you be not my mother . regan /mr . karras dimmy please ! merrin re-enter the room . merrin what be it ? karras her heart . merrin can you give she something ? karras she will go into coma . regan , in the voice of karras ' mother , speak a few plead phrase in Greek to karras . karras ( shouting ) you be not my mother !!! merrin do not listen . regan /mr . karras why , dimmy ? damien break into convulsive sobbing . merrin damien . regan /mr . karras dimmy , please ! merrin damien ! get out ! damien arise from the bed . merrin lead he out , and then be - enter the room himself . he sprinkle some holy water on regan and kneel at she side . he hold she hand tightly . merrin we Father , who art in heaven ... interior - macneil house - foyer - night downstair karras sit brood as Chris enter . CHRIS be it over ? karras shake he head negatively . CHRIS be she gonna die ? karras ( firmly ) no. he rise and start ascend the stair with renew conviction . the doorbell ring and Chris move toward the door . before open she apply the chain lock on . she open the door slowly and we see kinderman stare at she from the gap . interior - macneil house - regan's bedroom - night karras re-enter regan 's room and see merrin face down on she bed . regan be sit up against the bottom right hand bed post as karras pull merrin to the floor . karras feel for merrin 's pulse , then try frantically to pump life back into the priest with blow to he chest , but give up when he realise merrin be dead . he hear a giggle and turn to regan . karras you son of a bitch ! he grab she and pull she to the floor . he begin to punch she in the face and head , then shake she and nearly strangle she in he fury . karras take I ! come into I ! God damn you ! take I ! take I ! a gargantuan struggle be visible in the demonic feature of regan 's face . his face have take on a demonic shade , and he eye have turn bright green . she scream out as karras ' body jerk back , apparently manipulate by some inner force , which now reach toward regan to strangle she . karras fight the force for control of he body , and he scream , compelling it toward the window . karras no !! with he last angiush cry , karras leap out of the window . we see he roll down the concrete step outside and hit the floor at the bottom . his cry be immediatly follow by frighten sob and whimper that be unmstakably that of a ordinary little girl . regan ( cry ) mother ... mother ... mother ... mother ... Chris rush in and pause to make sure that it 's really regan again . she 's follwe in by kinderman . CHRIS rags ? she dash over to where she daughter be cower on the floor . she fling herself down on top of regan , cradling she and cry in hysterical relief , as kinderman look at karras ' body from the window , look at merrin 's dead body on the floor and then look at Chris and regan . exterior - m-street - step - night a crowd be gather at the scene of a accident . they attentionis focus by a man lie in a pool of blood on the pavement at the foot of the step under regan 's window . bystander somebody fall at the bottom of the step here ! Father dyer push through the crowd and kneel beside karras . Fighting back tear , he grasp karras ' hand and lean close to whisper in he ear . father dyer do you want to make you confession ? be you sorry - ( he voice catch ) be you sorry for have offended God , with all the sin of you past life ? ( he break down for a moment , then start administire the last rite ) ego to abslovo in nomine patris , et filli , et spiritus sancti . amen . as a wailling siren signal the approach of a ambulance , dyer weep openly . exterior - prospect STREET - top of step - day on a bright , sunny day , we be look down the step which be now clean . no blood , or body at the bottom . interior - macneil house - dine room - day Sharon and Chris be briskly pack up last minute item before move out . sharon where do you want this ? CHRIS what be it ? sharon phonograph . CHRIS storage . Sharon put in in one of the large cardboard box that be stand about . CHRIS I be gonna miss you . sharon I too . CHRIS sure you will not change you mind ? Sharon shake she head . she reach into she pocket and hand Chris the St. Joseph medal . sharon I find this in she room . Chris put in she pocket . sharon that 's everything . Chris hug she . she pull away and walk to the foot of the stair . CHRIS regan ! c'mon honey we have to get go ! exterior - macneil house - prospect STREET - day we see Karl be load the car with case . Father dyer be stand outside the gate . Chris exit the house and dyer move toward she . CHRIS she do not remeber a thing . father dyer that 's good . regan exit the house and walk to Chris . regan all do . CHRIS honey this be Father dyer . regan hi Father . dyer hello . karl ready Mrs. Chris shake Father dyer 's hand . CHRIS Goodbye Father . I call you . father dyer okay . Chris get into the car , but regan stand stare at dyer 's collar . she lean forward and kiss Father dyer on the cheek . not sure of what she have do , she retreat to the car . the car drive out to the street and Father dyer wave goodbye . Father dyer walk out and Willie close the gate . father dyer Goodbye . willie good bye Father . father dyer I hope to see you again soon , willie I hope so too . the car stop and we hear Chris call . CHRIS Father dyer ? dyer rush to the car . CHRIS I think you would like to keep this . she hand he karras ' St. Joseph medal . dyer clutches it tightly . the car drive on , and dyer watch it drive off . dyer walk down toward the top of the m Street step . he look down they and frown , we see regan 's window in the background , board up . dyer then turn away and walk back to prospect Street . as he turn the corner he see kinderman stand outside the house . father dyer Lieutenant ? kinderman I come to say goodbye . father dyer you just miss they . kinderman how 's the girl ? father dyer she seem fine . kinderman ah , that 's good . that 's all that 's important . back to business . back to work . bye now , Father . father dyer good bye . they both walk they separate way . kinderman stop . kinderman Father dyer ? dyer turn back to he . kinderman do you like film ? father dyer sure . kinderman I get pass . in fact I get a pass for the crest tomorrow night . would you like to go ? father dyer what 's play . kinderman withering Heights . father dyer who 's in it ? kinderman heathcliff , Jackie gleason , and in the role of Catherine earnshaw , Lucille Ball . father dyer I have see it . kinderman another one . have you lunch ? father dyer no . kinderman loop he arm around dyer 's . they start to walk off . kinderman I be remind of a line in the film casablanca . at the end humphrey bogart say to Claude Rain , " louie - I think this be the begine of a beautiful friendship . " dyer you know you look a bit like bogart . kinderman you notice . we fade out as tubular bell start to play . fade to black the music change to the loud fantasia for string . the exorcist directed by William Friedkin . screenplay by William Peter blatty base on he own novel . ellen burstyn as Chris macneil Max von sydow as Father merrin Lee J. cobb as Lt. kinderman Kitty winn as Sharon Jack macgowran as burke denning Jason Miller as Father karras Linda Blair as regan reverand William o'malley Barton heyman Pete masterson Rudolf schundler gina petrushka