the expendables written by sylvester stallone first official draft 12/4/08 expendables ext . gulf of aden - night the moonlight reflect off the calm dark body of water . Way in the distance faint light on shore indicate a hint of the pirate lair know as harardhere . the outline of a anchore 25,000 ton cargo ship ( the chemstar ) be barely discernible . CUT to : ext . chemstar - night a 25 foot power boat pull along side the ship and ten armed pirate aggressively scramble up several hanging rope ladder . int . ship - night the heavy door to a large unit storage room swing open revealing the kidnap crew . they be thoroughly exhaust and suffer from dehydration . the somalian pirate charge into the room and loudly order the man to they foot . some manage to rise and the one that be too weak to comply be savagely kick and jerk upright by knotted rope that be wrap around they neck . CUT to : ship 's staircase the dark metal staircase reverberate loudly as the bound hostage be kick and shove down toward the bowel of the ship . CUT to : ext . -— ship the only sound hear be the lapping wave that strike the ship 's side . the tethered pirate 's boat be see in the foreground as a black military zodiac silently drift into view . on board the outline of five men clad in dark battle attire be see . CUT to : int . - ship the bound hostage be be shove and kick into the center of the ship 's hold . High above the hold be open cargo door that reveal the dark night sky . two pirate stand guard above the ' hold 's watch the hostage be abuse below . CUT to : ship' hold the hostage be be drag into the center of the metal cargo area . the pirate mock they plea for ' help 's and toss burn cigarettes at they . several of the pirate pass around large joint of marijuana . CUT to : ship upper deck extreme close up into the lens of the newest installment of night vision goggle . the individual wear they be not see clearly . night vision Pov a somalian pirate lean against the ship 's railing while have a cigarette . the night vision then pan to a second pirate drink a bottle of Beer while keep ' lookout 's on the next deck up . the night vision pan down to a pirate seat on the edge of the cargo hold observe the '' hostage intimidation '' action that 's transpire below . CUT to : ship' hold the pirate leader bellow order and the pirate crew kick the hostage to they knee , while drag they into a straight line . the leader order another pirate hold a small video camera to begin filming . the leader pace behind the doom hostage . leader ( in somali ) we have this man too long ! ( more ) leader ( cont would ) now someone have to pay . the company have time to pay ! Three million ! but you pay nothing yet - if you do not care , we do not care ! ( to another pirate ) hold out that one 's hand !! a pirate grab the close hostage and pull he bound hand upward . CUT to : ship' deck the night vision image move forward until it 's inch away from the smoking pirate lean against the railing . the pirate eye bulge as a knife be drive into he back . wide shot - a outline image of a black clad mercenary heaving the dead pirate over the railing . CUT to : ship' hold the gag hostage 's muffle cry for mercy fall on deaf ear . the pirate leader be play to the portable camera . leader a worker need he hand ! but you people do not pay ! do that mean you do not need this man anymore ? CUT to : ship' deck the GREEN night vision hue pan around and settles on the pirate on the second deck , which be thirty yard away . we see the pirate pass to the ship 's super structure and a very tall figure clad in black seize he by the neck and easily snap it . the night vision Pov swing to the pirate sit on the edge of the cargo hold . CUT to : int . -— cargo hold the pirate leader have step in front of the cower hostage . his temper be beyond the boil point . leader ( to camera ) we have nothin’ , we want what other have , you have , all you devil have !! you will now pay or they blood be on you ! you !! - hold up he hand ! the leader take a huge machete from another pirate . glowering at the hostage , he raise the blade to chop off the man 's hand . CUT to : ext . —- ship 's deck the pirate sit on the edge of the ship 's hold be suddenly envelop in the GREEN hue of the night vision goggle . three bullet explode into he back , thus catapult he over the edge . CUT to : ship' hold the machete be about to descend when the gunfire startles all present . snap they attention upward , they see the riddled pirate' body crash heavily against the hold ' S steel floor . the pirate with the portable camera pan upward as gunfire erupt from above . while dash for shelter , some of this event will be haphazardly record and use in a later scene . the pirate regain they sense and fire upward through the cargo hold open . instantly two m - 18 color smoke grenade be toss from above . the room be instantly envelop into a billow hell . hostage run and crawl in every direction seek safety . two mercenary ( hale caesar , African american and kong kao , chinese ) repel down a pair of rope toss over the cargo hold 's edge . a third and forth mercenary who be lee christmas and team leader barney ross , lay down cover fire kill two more pirate then quickly repel over the side into the thicken smoke . stairwell two more pirate attempt to flee up the steel step and be blast back by a fifth mercenary charge towards they . this be gunnar jensen , a large , instable , old school mercenary who life for this violent encounter . he like all the other mercenary have a tattoo on he forearm . it 's a raven perch on a skull around which be the word expendables . CUT to : the mercenary hale caesar and kong kao move stealthily through the blind smoke , which now begin curling through the cargo open above . CUT to : kong kao leap out of the haze and catch a pirate off guard and crush he with a savage kick and a finish blow with he fist . CUT to : christmas heaves he knife at a pirate who be fire randomly in the fade haze . CUT to : barney ross slide from behind a stack of cargo crate and slip a garrot around another pirate 's neck , slamm he headlong into the ship 's hull . CUT to : gunnar blow a pirate away with he forty five , but be shot in the chest by the pirate leader . luckily he life be spare by a protective vest . drop to one knee , he return fire but the pirate leader be go . CUT to : kong chase a fleeing pirate up the stairwell . CUT to : hale caesar shoot another armed pirate who have be cornere . CUT to : barney kill a pirate who be about to fire on the helpless hostage with a machine gun . CUT to : kong on deck chase the fleeing pirate out of the staircase open . suddenly pivote , the pirate whip around and empty the remainder of he clip . kong slip behind a metal structure , then charge out after the pirate who leap over the railing and begin to descend the rope ladder . CUT to : ship' deck thoroughly enraged , gunnar drag the pirate leader out by the throat . the pirate' face have take a pound . CUT to : int . ship 's hold though have be drop by one of the pirate , the portable video camera be still function . the haze have clear . hale caesar , barney , and christmas have secure the area . hale caesar ( to hostage ) this all of you ? christmas 's attention be draw upward . overhead be gunnar , wrapping the repelling rope around the semi-conscious pirate leader be neck . christmas what 's he do !? barney snap he head toward the hold entrance high above they . christmas hey ! gunnar ignore he while continue to wrap the repelling rope around the pirate leader 's neck . christmas he 's out of it ! barney gunnar ! CUT to : ext . - ship 's deck - night kong have dispatch he pirate and from twenty yard away can make out the faint outline of gunnar and the doom pirate leader . CUT to : barney and christmas be rivete on gunnar . barney let ‘em go ! it 's over ! gunnar - not yet . not quite . christmas we shoulda shot ' im last year . gunnar yank the pirate upright and turn he face forward , like a man on a gallow . gunnar ( loudly declare ) for commit the crime at sea , pirate be hang ! everybody know that ! barney let ' im go !! gunnar just do what the law will not ! gunnar tense he grip on the pirate as he prepare to shove he over the cargo hold ledge . at the last possible second gunnar be blind -side by a arcing kick from kong that nearly drop he to he knee . gunnar 's eye fill with rage and he toss the pirate aside . CUT to : barney and christmas observe what just transpire and rush toward the staircase . CUT to : gunnar attack kong who land a crush kick to the knee and a elbow to the eye that split the big man 's brow open . with startling speed , gunnar turn the table by parry kong 's next blow , then seize he by the throat , smashes he to the ground . instantly there 's a combat knife press against kong 's throat . blood stream along the side of gunnar 's face . gunnar what be you thinkin’ ? as gunnar press the knife against kong 's throat , a pistol be jamme against the back of he head . gunnar ( coolly ) that you , barney ? barney yeah - back off , gunnar . gunnar hold fast . he touch the blood from the wound . gunnar I 'il need stitches . barney could be - let ' im go . gunnar sure , after I kill this chink - wanna watch ? christmas pull back the hammer on he pistol . suddenly kong slam a knee into gunnar 's groin and sweep the razor sharp blade away from he throat , then leap to he foot . gunnar prepare to likewise leap to he foot , only to find barney jam a pistol barrel under he chin . gunnar ( smile ) back again ? christmas his brain 's cook . barney reach into gunnar 's pocket and pull out a SMALL plastic cellophane pouch of meth . gunnar -.. bad habit . barney no more chance - you be do . gunnar how about if I clean up ? barney that 's not go to happen . gunnar I know . 10 . gunnar almost gently remove the bag of meth from barney be hand . gunnar ( mock surprise ) for the trip home - hey , old friend , let I up I will not hurt anyone - wait ! that 's not true , I nil kill everyone . ( gesture towards Kong ) especially mighty mouse . gunnar gesture to christmas , who be die to take another crack at the big man . gunnar better tie I up , Christmas . barney do it . christmas step forward to put on the plastic hand cuff . at this moment the pirate leader begin to regain consciousness and weakly remove the rope from around he neck . gunnar 's eye shift over to the pirate leader and with a slight expression of bemusement , snap out he leg catch the degenerate pirate flush , thus send he over the edge of the cargo hold . gunnar could not resist . CUT to : superimposed : CIA headquarters - langley , VA wide shot of a dark screen . we hear the formal , cut and dry , sardonic voice of agent diane lickson . now appear on the darken screen be basically the prior scene only now film with a cheap video camera in a very amateurish fashion . agent lickson ( v.o. ) this rough footage be take by one of the kidnapper who do not manage to survive . ( more ) 11 . agent lickson ( v.0 . ) ( cont would ) the private contractor see here be believe to be Americans accord to the rescue french crew . CUT to : on screen the shipus captive kneel in the foreground , the armed pirate behind they . the leader speak directly at the camera while clutching a machete . agent lickson ( v.o. ) what you see be pretty self - explanatory . the leader 's threaten to dismember one of the hostage if he demand be not meet , how original - the leader lean forward to cut off a hostage 's hand . suddenly gunfire from above and a dead pirate drop into view . now the footage become frenzied as the ' video cam 's pan upwards catch a glimpse of the mercenary who fire at the pirate below . the ' video cam 's be drop to the ground and lie at a odd angle while continue to roll . panic ! smoke grenade explode ! pirate fire they weapon in the direction of the assault . more bullet , scream ! curse ! the cargo area fill up with smoke . agent lickson fast forward please - the tape speed along until the smoke begin to disperse . stepping into view be barney ross . we hear he voice , but because of the cavernous cargo hold , it be not very distinct . barney ...- let he go ! we be do here ! gunnar 's voice be hear off screen . gunnar not yet . barney let he go ! 12 . gunnar he hang ! this be when kong attack gunnar and barney start to run out of the shot . agent lickson freeze it ! ( dryly ) now that 's entertainment - a thirty four year old female agent name diane lickson remove she glass and face seven fellow agent approximately the same age , seat around a boardroom table . the light still remain dimme . agent lickson even though the hostages be french national , we believe the marseille shipping company hire american mercenary to do the job - and therein lie the problem . she face the unclear image of barney on screen . agent lickson with local government unable to stop piracy flaring up along the coast of kuala lumpur , Nigeria , and of course the hell hole of the moment , Somalia , there 's no shortage of employment for mercenary willing to go to this place . lickson begin to pace in front of the screen . agent lickson well , for this country the ' wet work 's be about to end thanks to the new U.N. mandate declare all american contractor engage in violent clandestine operation on foreign soil will cease and desist , and if catch in violation , will face serious prison time . since this operation lead to twelve upstand somalian pirate be permanently dispatch , this group of mercenary here will be at the forefront of we investigation . ( more ) 13 . agent lickson ( cont would ) we have already run the ' facial recognition program , 's but because of the tape 's poor quality , none of the man have be positively identify as of yet - so just stay on it . agent will ( willy ) sand , ( 50 ) be a ' out of the box 's thinker , who 's always be at odd with the establishment , mainly because he have a heart . simply put , he 's conflicted . his eye be riveted to the image of barney ross . his mind churn . agent lickson senior agent Sands will oversee this investigation , so all report should go directly to he desk first - thank you . the seven agent rise to exit . they glance at will then at one another . will be a unknown relic to they . lickson approach will , who continue to stare at the image of barney . will thanks . agent lickson for what ? will bring I on board . agent lickson it 's be what , seven year since you have be out in the ' field ? 's when this assignment cross my desk , I think of you - why would not I ? you have help I when I first get here - call it even . will ( gesture to the screen ) .-- this guy cost I a lot . lickson I know the history - ( gesture to the screen ) so you think it 's he ? will rise beside lickson . 14 . will ( nod ) yes - his name be Ross - lickson well they have be lucky or smart because there 's be no report on they activity for three year . they both head to the exit . lickson time to pick up where you leave off . CUT to : ext . apartment build - night christmas pull up on a beautiful harley davidson ' night Rider 's and dismount . he remove a bottle of high end champagne tuck in he jacket and approach the building . CUT to : staircase with a sense of purpose christmas bound off of the stair and strolling along the balcony , arrive at a familiar door . he remove a SMALL black ring BOX from he jacket and flip it open and study the 3 carat ruby ring . he knock . a moment later he hear the familiar voice of he girlfriend lacy . lacy ( through door ) yes - who be it ? christmas ( seductive and playful ) ...- Christmas be here . there 's a unsettle pause . lacy Lee ? christmas yeah - 15 . lacy .-. I do not expect you - I look terrible . christmas hey , you never look bad . lacy barely open the door . she 's in she late 20' . she 's a good soul , pleasantly attractive in a very natural way , a North dakota transplant . lacy ( awkwardly ) you say you call ? - I look terrible . christmas you look great to I and I leave a message . lacy that be three month ago . christmas look what I find . he hold up the champagne . christmas Rose flavor - so let I in so we can let the ' welcome home 's celebration begin . visitor ( 0.s. ) lace — in the background , a thirty - ish , clean - cut man step into view wear pants and a white T-shirt . visitor ..- everything good ? lacy ( low ) yes ...he 's a friend . visitor ( at Christmas ) need anything ? lacy no , everything 's alright . 16 . christmas lock stare with the visitor . for a man who be a natural fight machine , the fight seem to drain from he body . lean against the railing , he almost gently place the bottle of champagne on the ground ... lacy glance back at the visitor and gesture for he to back off . lacy step outside and stand directly behind the crestfallen man . lacy I be sorry . christmas ( softly ) .-. I think everything with we be good ? lacy maybe for you , Lee , you be never around enough ... you never really get into my life , you do not , not the way people who be serious about each other do - you just come and go , you be never there when people need you - it get lonely spend holiday by myself . I do not mean to make you feel bad because deep down , I believe you be a good guy , but time be move , Lee , I need to make a life for myself . a beat . christmas dig deep into he pride . christmas - y'know , maybe I have do a lot of thing wrong - maybe it 's payback for act like a fool . lacy you be not a fool - it 's just the way you be . christmas so we can get through this . lacy it will not work this time . lacy be lock in turmoil . christmas christmas 17 . christmas a little talk can not hurt ? lacy I can not . christmas how have ya know till we give it a try ? lacy can not . christmas why ? lacy .--.- I be pregnant . be crush . his life force drain . lacy ... you be never around . christmas yeah - you be a good girl , lace . ( gesture to the champagne ) if you do not mind I 'il leave that . descend the step and fade from view . ext . grand HOTEL - day super : san diego , CA we see barney enter the opulent establishment . int . grand HOTEL barney cross the lobby and approach lee christmas . barney arrive . christmas snap out of he pensive mood when he spot barney . he remove he ipod earphone and gesture towards a pair of men seat in the bar . as they move off , barney sense he friend 's dark mood . barney who die ? 18. christmas we will talk later - CUT to : bar one of the men seat in the well - appoint bar be mr. church . he 's 60 yrs old and corporate in appearance . the other man , who be seat a table away , be physically germanic and in he late 40' . barney Mr. Church ? church yes. ( rise ) you be not easy to contact , Mr. Ross . Care to sit ? Mr. Church be not my real name , but you do not need to know my name . seat over there be my assistant , you do not need to know he name either . barney alright - what do we need to know ? church ( eyeing Christmas ) it 's alright to talk ? christmas go ahead - I do not speak English . barney ( to Church ) it 's alright . church reach into he jacket and withdraw a photo , which he hand over to barney . he look at barney' forearm and eye the ' expendables 's tattoo of the raven on a skull . barney eye the photo . it be the image of a dead -ey , pock - mark , middle - aged hispanic man wear a general 's military uniform . he pass it to christmas . karen , a attractive , raven -haired waitress come over . karen ( cheerfully ) hello , can I help you ? 19 . barney booker neat . karen anything for you ? christmas ( dully ) ah , three beer . karen Three beer it be ... the waitress stare intently at christmas who 's oblivious . barney note this . karen anything else ? christmas , still not look at she , dully shake he head . karen start off . mr . church remove a photo from he jacket pocket . church now that 's a photo of - karen unexpectedly turn and return to the table . karen ( to Christmas ) you do not remember I , do you ? Karen ? christmas be perplex . barney sigh . he 's be through this many time before . karen ( struggle to stay compose ) we go out about ten time . christmas you sure ? karen hold up she hand . on one of she finger be a small but pretty butterfly ring . karen you give I this , then you disappear . I be just curious , what do I do wrong ? 20 . everyone present have become incredibly uncomfortable . christmas how long ago be this ? karen ... unbelievable - ( to Group ) sorry but I have be wait a long time to tell he off , but it 's not worth it . karen move off . barney where be we ? church ( hand over a photo ) that 's a picture of General ruben garza , leader of corza , which be a small , barely develop island nation due east of Cuba . Church lay out a map of the region ... barney ( to Christmas ) ever hear of it ? christmas shake he head ' no . 's church not many people have . two year ago , General garza overthrew the government and make himself headman , and the island have be a human rights graveyard . since corza have nothing economically to offer , we government have never get involved and never will . Church slide another photo across the table , this one of a smiling young man in he early 20' . church his name 's Bill parker , my grandson , my daughter 's only son . he love corza and it 's people , and travel there whenever he could , I guess hope to make some sort of a ' humanitarian 's difference . 21 . Church pass over a final photograph . the same young man . dead . clothes tear to shred , filth cake across he pale body . he lie in a muddy ditch , eye nearly as wide as he expose jugular . church on he last visit , he be kill - the local say garza 's soldier be responsible . this have visibly affect barney . christmas take a look , but he mind be elsewhere . barney be he stir people up ? church he be not like that - barney ( distantly ) - how have you get this picture ? the waitress set down the three beer for christmas , who take a long sip . church I hire a private investigator who go to corza , find he body , and take photo as proof of death . he could not bring the remain home , without risk he own life - his mother 's take this badly - do you have a child ? barney study the photo . barney I have a seaplane . ( to Christmas who 's daydream ) how 's the view from space ? christmas ( shed the fog ) how long be you grandson miss ? church least a week or more . christmas slip back into silence . 22 . barney that 's it ? christmas nod ' yes . 's karen the waitress arrive and set down the drink . karen ( to barney ) booker for you - and three beer for the man who waste you life . she move off . barney angrily eye christmas , who be truly embarrassed . barney so what do you need , Mr. Church ? church I want garza assassinate - church stare straight into barney be eye . church ( barely hold it together ) I want he palace destroy , he government destroy , he people to pay - you be probably think : ' if garza 's out , who will replace he ? 's barney it cross my mind . church if he 's still alive , the ousted President , miguel fuentes , should be reinstate , and if he be not , then the people should choose who they want - either way , they be better off with garza go . barney sip he drink and exchange glance with christmas . church you look skeptical - I understand , but from all the research I have do , the success rate of you operation have be very high and I be ready to pay whatever it cost to get garza back . 23 . barney it 's not just about money . church with ' mercenary 's I think it be only about the money . barney it 's about one rule . church what be it ? barney ( simply ) .+- they gotta deserve it . barney pick up the photo of garza and stare at it intensely . int . presidential palace ( corza ) - night a jeep and a ten wheeler army truck grind past the massive gate and swing into the courtyard . the palace be old and solid , and have a forbode aura . large light shine down from the barbed wired wall that surround this horrible structure . stand on the palace step be a very large american operative name , paine . beside he , be two other RAW - boned american operative . this men be basically professional killer . with dead eye they watch the four peasant prisoner throw roughly off the rear of the truck . the pitiless soldier kick the helpless man into a single line . the front door to the palace open and a pair of guard pass into view follow by general garza . short , paranoid and withdraw , he study the man as if they be worthless insect , then nervously scan the surround area . his reptilian behavior have everyone on edge . all dialogue be in spanish . general garza ( calmly ) you know why you be here ? prisoner .-+. we do nothing . another prisoner try to object and be kick by paine . 24 . general garza you be still loyal to the old president , yes ? prisoner no . general garza do not lie . all of you be tell the truth ? prisoner ( together ) yes ! general garza ... thank you . emotionless , garza ' pat 's one man 's head then take a large pistol from paine 's shoulder holster , and fire point blank into another peasant 's head . general garza ( hand back the pistol ) not everybody tell the truth . CUT to : ext . naval amphibious base ( coronado , california ) - night barney 's dark 1956 F - 100 ford pick up truck be park on highway 75 directly across the base 's entrance . in the passenger seat be christmas . still in a pensive state , he listen to he ipod . the song ' into the night 's by benny mardone leak out from he earphone . barney 's grow impatient as he observe christmas , who 's lose in think . the overly dramatic music swell in intensity as it drift from christmas 's earphone . barney tap he friend . barney hey - christmas ( mildly startle ) what ? they rise and walk away from earshot of the other man . 25 . barney where be you ? christmas it 's nothin 's - it 's my problem . barney when we be workin , 's it 's my problem too . christmas this one be bad . why can not I keep a relationship go ? it 's start to mess with my mind ; seriously . barney you pick the wrong woman . christmas that 's not it , it 's I . barney how do you figure ? christmas I be a front runner - I start out strong , but I be never there in the end - it 's like a bad habit . barney so you feel worthless . christmas no , I do not say ' worthless . 's barney but you think it . christmas you love stickin’ it to I when I be down . barney no , when you be feel sorry for yourself . christmas who should I feel sorry for ? this truck ? I just need to forget about meeting a new woman for a while , just enjoy my own company . 26 . barney that 's not you . christmas seriously , do not you think the guy who 's probably gonna get along best with woman , be probably the guy who can get along without ‘em . barney not really . christmas this talk 's be a waste of time . barney notice something out of the corner of he eye . hulking MARK approach they both direct they eye to a large uniform first lieutenant navy seal approach from the base 's entrance . MARK how you do , Chief ? barney good , Captain - thanks for you time , Mark . hulking MARK hey , Christmas - ( Christmas shrug ) Heard you guy dumped gunnar Jensen ? christmas drug head . barney no , the ' life 's just get to he . christmas do not get to we - barney - give it time . hulking MARK so what can I do for ya ? 27 . barney we have gotta replace gunnar - ex - seal be always a safe bet , so if you have get someone you have work with closely , someone you have deploy on important operation - christmas - someone you can friggin’ trust with you life - barney someone gay — christmas Excuse I ? barney relax - have a line on anybody who fit the bill ? hulking MARK there 's a guy who come over with a advanced team of brazilian commando that we then train for South american counter insurgency deployment . barney you personally train they ? hulking MARK yeah - this one guy , who 's the type you be look for , quit the service an’ work here and there . barney can you run he down ? hulking MARK probably - what be you cooking up ? barney can not discuss it - hulking MARK I respect that - alright , if I find ' im , I 'il send ' im around . ( move off ) christmas face barney , who put the truck in gear and pull away . 28 . christmas a gay , bilingual mercenary - what be you write a musical ? barney can you keep you mouth close ? christmas let 's hear it . CUT to : ext . hale caesar 's killer taco - night this be a colorful , two -story bar and restaurant , own by mercenary hale caesar . along the length of the building be a colorful sign that read '' hale caesar 's killer taco , '' beneath this be a inscription in script : '' that which do not kill we make we stronger . '' over a wide shot of the colorful establishment , we hear : barney ( v.o . ) ++.- so I have check out as much as I can from the outside , but we get to get up close to see if this be a ' do - able 's op . CUT to : int . hale caesar 's - day barney , kong , christmas and hale caesar sit together drink at the rear of the restaurant . latin techno music play in the background . the six parrot be on they elaborate perch . a parrot screech . christmas why do this bird gotta be so loud ? hale caesar people like ‘em . christmas then put ‘em on the menu . 29 . kong disapprovingly study a taco rest in he plate . on he forearm and likewise hale caesar be the ' expendables 's tattoo of the raven sit on a skull . kong why this place , ' corza ? 's barney maybe it will not be corza , but we need to put some boot on the ground and check it out , and see if it 's worth the risk . kong nothin 's be worth the risk . always travelin 's - always bad place - ( eye the taco ) always bad food . get boring . ( to hale caesar ) I do not like you food . hale caesar why ? ' Cause it be not movin’ ? barney what 's you problem , Kong ? kong my son be go bad . kong take the ' despise 's taco and put it on the floor beside he . hale caesar bristle . christmas ( to Kong ) what 's ' bad 's mean ? kong ( ignore hale caesar ) ' bad 's mean bad - he 's not grow up ' normal . 's we be stupid because we spend more time helpin’ ' stranger 's than helpin’ we family . hale caesar I hear that - christmas - you do not have family - you have bird . 30 . hale caesar you have zero , cabrone . the door open and richard enter . he 's tall , very well build , and mysterious , a Latin James Dean reincarnate . hale caesar that he ? christmas think so . hale caesar ( to Christmas ) that 's replacin 's gunnar ? christmas ( point to barney ) his call . richard be extraordinary look have definitely get the men 's competitive attention . hale caesar pretty boy can not fight . barney you be ugly and can not fight either , so what 's you point ? richard arrive at the table . richard hey , sorry I be late - no parkin’ around here . barney sit down - everybody , this be Richard De La fuego - over there 's Lee Christmas , ( point ) Kong kao , and hale caesar , who own this death trap - let 's finish up . hale caesar yo , where you from ? barney it do not matter - hale caesar I be askin’ a simple question - do not he have a voice ? 31 . richard be take it all in stride . christmas maybe Big Dick 's feelin’ shy around this group ? richard ( extremely calm ) no - but you can call I Richard . hale caesar ' Richard ? 's richard .+- if you do not mind . christmas you get a problem with the name ' Big Dick 's ? richard ( smile to himself ) no , I have no problem with Big Dick at all , but I like Richard . kong who would you work for ? richard that 's not you business . kong ( indignant ) not my business ? ( stand ) you get something to hide ? christmas stand on a chair . he 'il think you be a giant . kong ( to Christmas ) hey ! ( to Richard ) we do not have secret here . richard ( nonpluss ) ... everybody have secret - 32. hale caesar not here - but tell we what we want to know or we will be takin 's turn kickin’ you ass . richard you can try . hale caesar eye christmas challengingly . suddenly a parrot 's high decibel screech pierce the room . christmas Jesus ! it 's like a needle in you brain ! richard ...- they yell like that when they be not nest - I raise bird grow up . this stop everyone dead , especially caesar . christmas shake he head in dismay . hale caesar begin to laugh . barney if the official ' ball - break 's do , let get back to business . kong how many soldier do this island have ? barney it 's a small place - would not take more than a few hundred good one to control the island . kong and hale caesar look skeptical . christmas we will check it out - maybe it 's not as crazy as it sound . hale caesar do not sound crazy to you ' cause you be crazy . 33 . barney right now we do not know that much , except they have get a half - ass dictator who 's takin 's the place down and have he man kill a young american who be helpin’ out the local . kong so what ? christmas ( to barney ) he 's not listen . kong I have my own problem . barney ( to Kong ) let 's hear it . kong my son be growin’ up all wrong . the hair , the talk , the clothes , what he like be not normal . barney and you be ' normal ? 's kong yes - I be normal . christmas since when ? kong we be successful at what we do , failure at everything else - we be the ‘half people . 's christmas seriously , stick to kick people . barney Kong , we have be hearin’ this for year . let you kid be who he 's gonna be and stop tryin' to make he you , you be a one -off . and what 's normal ? look at hale caesar . a black man name after a bad weather report , who think he 's mexican , normal ? not really . ( more ) 34 . barney ( cont would ) Christmas ? normal ? he fall in love more than pepe Le Pew . barney and I , a walk billboard on how not to live you life , if you want to have a life - I have to wear a name tag around my kid - so what 's normal ? that say , this team do not work without you an’ that 's too bad cause lately you have become a huge pain in the ass , but we love you . kong ( smile ) ...- do not say that . barney smile and pat kong on the shoulder . barney ( gesture to Christmas ) let 's travel . CUT to : series of shot of corzan life montage -- corzan women work in the field . -- a starve dog roam the muddy street , look for scrap . -- General garza 's khaki-clad , hostile soldier patrol the town square . -- Children play in the gutter . -- peel poster of general garza be on every structure . in the background be corza 's formative mountain that be lush with dense foliage . a large grumman uf - 26 albatross seaplane swoops into view . ocean spray arc beside the plane 's large pontoon as it power down . CUT to : 35 . ext . custom office a near dilapidate custom 's office come into view as barney' seaplane rumble into view . he cut the engine . int . seaplane barney adjust the control , as christmas eye the bleak surroundings . christmas .-- Nice place . int . custom office - day barney and christmas stand in front of a sink - eye custom agent . on the wall be a large photo of general garza . nearby , two rawboned soldier lounge in a pair of wear chair . a ceiling fan overhead be barely spin at two revolution per minute . a unshaven custom agent eye the man 's passport . agent ( heavy accent ) why you here ? barney hand over a business card . barney look at land development property . agent how long be you here ? barney maybe a day . the agent hand they back they passport . barney and christmas move off as the custom agent eye the soldier , then reach for the phone . CUT to : 36 . ext . CITY - day barney and christmas wander the street of the main city . a pair of local spie , man in they late 20 's , attempt to inconspicuously trail the two mercenary . ext . STREET - day christmas and barney move closer to what could be consider the CENTER of the depressed city . the pair of local spie continue to trail barney and christmas . barney and christmas pause in front of a weathered storefront , and in the shop 's window see the reflection of the spie observe they from the opposite side of the street . barney gotta take ‘em out . barney and christmas move off in opposite direction . CUT to : spie see this , they split off and follow barney and christmas , separately . CUT to : barney and christmas halfway down the nearly desert street , they both cross to the other side of the street . they now have manage to flank the trail spie , and proceed to approach one another , thus have the spie catch in the middle . CUT to : spie they attempt to maintain nonchalant attitude as barney and christmas approach they from opposite direction . CUT to : 37 . close up as barney pass by , a mini syringe in he hand jab into the first spy 's leg . the spy barely feel the puncture as barney casually move on . CUT to : christmas now pass he target , and also secretly jam he syringe 's point into spy # 2 's side . CUT to : barney slow he pace as christmas pull along side and they move off . barney check he watch . barney ... twenty second . christmas thirty . CUT to : spie the drug be rapidly take effect as one spy slump semi - consciously against a crumble stucco wall . slide to the ground , he draw very little attention . CUT to : spy # 2 enter a SMALL storefront and once inside collapse . ext . CITY street ( CENTER of town ) - day loud honking . two military jeep follow by a open back military truck cramme with 20 hard - core soldier rumble along the narrow main street . corzan flag fly from the corner of the hood of all the vehicle . though slightly obscure , we see barney and christmas pass into view . 38 . across the street be a statue of general garza on a ten foot pedestal . the intimidate local jump aside as the convoy approach a intersection . a old man struggle to push a rickety cart full of junk out of the way , pass in front of the MAIN car . horn blare . the old man stand petrify . this disrespect be definitely not tolerate . two large american operative , dress in khaki , leap from the lead jeep and berate the old man . stepping out of the second jeep be paine . the big man be wear a conspicuous shoulder holster . in he thick hand be a equally thick , short black club attach to a leather strap . paine motion to the soldier who pour out of the truck and commence to shove people aside , then smashing the old man 's cart . the two american operative push the old man and send he sprawling to the sidewalk as the soldier re - board the transport truck . the local share in the man 's pain , but be terrify to show any outward emotion . paine climb back in he jeep and the motorcade be gone . christmas they sound american . a older woman suddenly start to yell curse at the depart motorcade car . a group of patrol soldier rush forward and commence to rough she up . another woman , ( sandra , ) naturally attractive , ( 2us , ) implore the guard to release the poor woman . one soldier be about to drive a rifle butt against she head , when the sergeant of the guard grab she and fling she against the wall , curse she nose to nose , then move off . all the intimidate bystander quickly move off . without hesitation , christmas approach sandra . christmas you alright ? she look confuse by the Americans 's presence . barney eye the depart soldier , then join christmas and sandra . christmas ( in Spanish ) I say , be you alright ? you need help ? 39 . sandra ( Latin accent ) I be good - thank you - you be Americans ? barney yes . sandra so why be you here ? christmas she do not waste word . barney we be look at real estate - we be developer . sandra suspiciously eye they . sandra developer ? christmas that 's right . sandra there 's not much to see . barney you never know - let 's go . christmas you know , we could use someone to show we around . someone who know the place like she do . ( to Sandra ) what do you think ? have some time to give we a tour ? sandra you can pay for gas ? CUT to : 40. ext . sandra 's pick up truck - day Dust kick up from the partially paved road as sandra drive she terribly rundown mini pickup truck towards the outskirt of town . CUT to : int . sandra 's pick up truck - day sandra drive while barney sit in the middle and christmas ride shotgun . sandra not many Americans come here - not now - they use to - now there 's nothing right in corza . christmas ( charmingly ) I would not say that . barney lean over to christmas and speak so only he friend can hear . barney we be here to work . christmas I know that . barney she 's not you type . christmas how do you know ? barney stay focus . christmas ( shrug ) no problem . barney show sandra the photo that be give to he by mr. church . his thumb cover the image of bill , the murder young american 's body . 41 . barney we want to see this place first . sandra why here ? barney we want to see the view . sandra there be no view . barney let 's see it anyway . CUT to : outskirt of town - day barney , christmas and sandra ride in sandra 's mini - pickup truck . they rock uncomfortably down a pot-hol road . the extreme poverty affect barney . sandra how long do you stay here ? christmas depend - barney - one day - sandra ( shake she head at the irony ) you do like all the rest - just come an’ go ' cause nothing be here worth stay for . christmas ( double entendre ) maybe there could be . sandra yes , ' maybe 's if fuentes be still here . christmas who 's fuentes ? 42. barney miguel fuentes - the former president . sandra and christmas be impressed . barney where 's fuentes now ? sandra some soldier have say he 's dead . some say he 's in prison - no one know . he be the last chance this place have . barney how 's that ? sandra he try to make thing better - when he be president , he have people come to invest - people from Europe come here to see if there be anything of value in corza to help the people live better . barney what be they look for ? sandra Gas - oil - like what be find near Cuba last year - they be still look when garza take over and many people be kill - now we be what you see , a die place . a group of soldier have pin several young men against a wall . they be be interrogate . christmas they act like this all the time ? sandra most be scared - garza 's kill many soldier he think be loyal to fuentes - now they try to show how loyal they be to he . barney look out the window as they vehicle pass filthy , bare foote child carry bucket of brackish water and joyless adult clad in near thread bare rag slump against crumble house / shack . 43 . sandra nobody should have to live like this - christmas ( sympathetically ) no , they should not ... anyway , ever be to the state , Sandra ? sandra no . christmas you have like it - sandra yes , but this be my country - it 's bad now , but I still love it . christmas I understand - but if you can have a shot at a better life , why not take it ? barney focus - christmas relax - ( to Sandra ) '' tiene che encontrar un hombre qhe siempre se quedara despierto solo para verte dormir . '' sandra eye he and turn away embarrassed . barney ( to Christmas ) what have you say ? sandra he say - '' someday I will find a man who will be happy to stay awake just to watch I sleep . '' barney ... Jesus . christmas it 's a compliment . 44 , sandra maybe - but when man talk like that to a woman they do not know , they sound - ( search ) ' tonto . 's christmas do not know that word . sandra ( not mean spirite ) ah - Tonto - foolish ? - like a fool . christmas ( tightly ) of all the word - sandra ( pleasantly ) I do not think any serious person talk like this and mean it , do you ? you can not . christmas ( dry ) pull over . sandra what ? christmas you hear - just pull over ! sandra pull to the side of the dirt road and christmas get out of the truck . barney what be you do ? christmas ( walk ) ' a fool ? 's be it I that 's mess up or the world ? barney c’mon , get in . christmas Rather chew my arm off , seriously - see you back at the plane . 45 . barney realize he 's not change he friend 's mind and be - enter the truck . sandra I be sorry - I do not mean anything bad . barney it 's alright - be we close ? sandra -.. yes. barney let 's go . ext . outskirt - dusk barney and sandra stand beside a berm along the barely discernible dirt road . sandra this the place you want to see ? barney yeah . barney hold up one of the photograph of church 's slain grandson . the palace 's tower loom in the picture 's background . sandra who be you both really ? barney walk off the road and hold the picture up again . he step over a low dirt berm . barney ( take picture ) do you know about the american that be kill here ? sandra be extremely uncomfortable and remain silent . sandra ( awkwardly ) no . barney he spend a lot of time in corza - 46 . sandra I do not know about he . suddenly they be alert by the groaning engine of a large military truck that quickly pull into view . EIGHT angry soldier pile out . sandra oh God - please , do not say anything wrong - let I talk . leader ( in Spanish ) what be you do here ? stay where you be ! the EIGHT soldier surround barney and sandra . leader ( in Spanish ) I say - what be you do here !? sandra he want to know what you be do . barney just take picture . sandra ( in Spanish ) he 's just a tourist . the sargent leader step uncomfortably close to barney . leader ( in Spanish ) you be lie ! give I the camera !! now ! sandra he want the camera - the leader smack sandra to the ground . leader ( in Spanish ) shut up , puta - you be next ! as barney face sandra , the leader blind - side punch he . barney stagger , but remain upright . the camera fall to the ground . 47 . leader ( in Spanish ) they move , shoot they !! not know how to open a digital camera , the leader smashes it against a rock . sandra ( in Spanish ) please - he 's leave today . we do not do anything ! leader ( in Spanish ) lying bitch ! the leader again go to strike Sandra , but barney block the blow , then be blind - sided with a rifle butt to he side , which drop he painfully to the ground . leader ( in Spanish ) get they !! take they both !! now !! be restrain by one of the soldier , sandra struggle for she life . she manage to break free . leader get she ! suddenly barney rocket he fist into the leader 's groin . the leader buckle in half and barney break he windpipe with a vicious chopping blow . ripping free the leader' sidearm , he put a bullet through the neck of soldier # 2 . Rolling to one knee , he blow a hole through soldier # 3 and # '' chest . barney then wheel around and fire upward , hit soldier # 5 directly under the chin . barney run ! ! nearly freeze in terror , sandra now run for she life . soldier # 6 race after she . barney be out of ammo and soldier # 7 take aim . suddenly , a slice sound cut through the air and a throwing knife bury itself into soldier # 7 's chest . 48 . as soldier # 8 turn in the direction the knife come from , a second throwing knife bury itself into the man 's heart . the throaty engine of the transport truck roar to life as christmas race into view . without break stride christmas tear the throwing knife out of dead soldier # 8 ’'s body , then race through the foliage attempt to intercept the truck . CUT to : military truck be building speed as it descend the dangerous winding road that border a steep , nauseate drop off . soldier # 6 stand on the truck 's flatbed with sandra 's hair seize in one hand while he automatic weapon be hold ready in the other . the truck 's frantic driver yell into a walkie - talkie . CUT to : CITY -— dusk a bearded lieutenant monitor the truck driver 's panicked transmission on he walkie - talkie . around he be six soldier . the lieutenant angrily bellow to the soldier and they instantly pile into a oversize jeep -transport carrier . CUT to : jungle growth christmas tear through the dense foliage like a enraged animal , until he arrive at a elevate overhang . the flee truck be just about to pass ten foot below . christmas leap high into the air and drop foot first onto the startle soldier , instantly break he neck . the startle driver attempt to remove he pistol as christmas heave he throwing knife . but the truck 's turbulent motion cause the knife to miss it 's intend target and imbed itself up to the hilt in the truck 's thick windshield . 49 . christmas lunge forward and latching onto one of the truck 's bare metal roof 's stanchion , knee the driver squarely in the temple , knock he unconscious and out of the truck . the driverless truck swerve toward a sheer 300 foot drop off . christmas rush to sandra and seize she arm , pull she off the doom truck . the truck begin it 's long descent into the steep chasm , until it 's finally shattered against the jag rock below . christmas and sandra have barely manage to land on the road 's outermost edge . CUT to : barney wheel sandra 's truck into view and skid to a precarious stop as christmas and sandra leap in and they roar off . int . sandra 's truck - day the small truck be barely able to negotiate the dangerous curve as barney , christmas and sandra speed down the treacherous road . christmas ( to barney ) she stay here she 's dead !! ( to Sandra ) you be comin’ with we . sandra how ? christmas we have a plane . sandra no - but I can not leave ! I have no passport ! nothing ! christmas do you have family here ? sandra no - christmas then you be go . 50 . garza' palace - day the mammoth gate swing open and a jeep roar out , occupy by the american operative paine and he two other henchmen . CUT to : ext . seaport - day the truck speed towards the seaplane mooring . as they approach , the island 's custom shack come into view . barney skid the truck nearly into a tree and cut the engine . barney Fire it up ! i’1l take care of they . christmas gimme a thirty second lead ! christmas and sandra sprint away as barney anxiously check the sweeping second hand of he watch . CUT to : STREET in the jeep the beard lieutenant and he men barrel wildly down the narrow street nearly slamm into the many poor vendor and pedestrian , who leap from the thunder vehicle 's path . the incense lieutenant be yell into a hand hold radio as the jeep 's horn blare at a oncoming truck that veer violently onto the sidewalk , and crash into a storefront . CUT to : ext . STREET paine and the two american operative race they jeep at breakneck speed through the city . CUT to : 51. ext . seaplane - dusk christmas jump onto the pontoon and whip open the huge plane 's side door . christmas c’mon , get in !! sandra balk . christmas heave the mooring line free . christmas jump ! get in !! sandra take a step forward grab christmas 's hand , then she suddenly pull it free . christmas what the hell be you do !? sandra you go ! she start to backpedal . christmas c’mon , jump on ! we ’1ll get you out !! sandra you go ! you do not belong here ! sandra turn and run off . have no choice , christmas leap inside . CUT to : ext . large military jeep - dusk the beard lieutenant and he squad continue to dangerously wheel they vehicle wildly through the narrow street . the port now come into view . the lieutenant snatch up the hand mic of the Jeep 's cb radio . CUT to : 52. int . custom shack - dusk the two soldier , who have be play card , be momentarily startle as the seaplane 's engine roar to life . they do not hear barney enter through the rear door . ext . seaplane - dusk the sound of the huge engine and thunder prop resound throughout the port area . int . custom shack - dusk the startle soldier leap to they foot . in that split second , barney smashes the first soldier with a chair as the second soldier be knock unconscious by a .45 pistol that barney pull from the small of he back . the custom official attempt to flee , but barney fire a shot into the back of he leg , drop the man instantly . CUT to : int . seaplane wiping the sweat from he eye , christmas anxiously look for barney . christmas c’mon , you insane bastard ! CUT to : ext . dock —- dusk as the rumbling seaplane power along the short dock , it 's whirling prop kick up a massive wall of spray . CUT to : barney burst out of the shack , dash to the pier and leap through the blind spray landing on the plane 's massive pontoon . CUT to : 53. int . seaplane - dusk see this , christmas jam the throttles and the metal beast explode with unbridle horsepower that violently shake the plane 's entire structure . struggle against the hurricane force of the prop wash , barney manage to pull himself inside . CUT to : sandra who be partially hide behind the corner of a nearby structure , observe this then rush toward she truck . CUT to : int . seaplane completely drench , barney swing into the copilot 's seat . barney where 's the girl ?! christmas she would not leave ! lean out of the side cockpit window , barney see the jeep transport roar into view . barney it 's gonna be close ! CUT to : sandra reach she truck just as the soldier 's jeep roll past . CUT to : jeep skid to a stop the soldier pile out and fire wildly . CUT to : 54 . int . seaplane - dusk barney and christmas be at the control . barney ( to plane ) climb , girl , climb ! christmas manage a rapidly shrink glimpse of sandra speed away . CUT to : dock — dusk paine and the two other american operative speed towards the soldier and slide to a shuttering stop . CUT to : paine leap out then viciously rip a soldier 's rifle out of the startle man 's hand , and begin firing at the rise plane . CUT to : int . sea plane just when it appear they be out of harm 's way , paine 's bullet rip through the rear of the plane 's fuselage . barney bankin 's ! more bullet tear into the plane as barney snap the steering wheel hard . the old sea plane tilt drastically on it 's side . CUT to : paine out of ammo and enraged , he snatch another soldier' rifle and fire until the clip be empty . 55 . paine Son of a bitch ! CUT to : ext . seaplane - dusk bank at a almost impossible angle , the soar seaplane curve around the island 's protective cliff . CUT to : int . seaplane the plane be still severely banking as christmas stare out the side window to see the last portion of the port disappear . christmas why be we still ' banking ? 's barney do not say goodbye . christmas yellow shower ? barney yeah . CUT to : ext . cliffside - dusk the massive seaplane suddenly burst into view over the tower cliff . CUT to : ext . dock side the sound of thundering engine startle the soldier and paine , who be in the process of depart . the seaplane now proceed to dive bomb directly toward the dumbfounded soldier . CUT to : 56 . int . seaplane - day through the cockpit windshield the soldier be see freeze in confusion . christmas unbuckle and struggle against the mounting g-force . barney ready ? christmas get it . christmas reach for a flare pistol that 's attach to the bulkhead . CUT to : ext . seaplane - dusk have reach it 's maximum speed , the shutter plane swoops down along the length of the dock . CUT to : ext . dock side - dusk the petrified soldier now run for they life . paine defiantly stand he ground . paine ( to the flee soldier ) stay ! they have no weapon ! CUT to : int . seaplane - dusk flare pistol in hand , christmas pull open the side door . christmas go! barney pull a handle situate on the floor beside he seat . CUT to : 57. ext . seaplane gas begin to drain from the large auxiliary fuel pod fastened beneath each wing . CUT to : ext . seaplane - dusk the flee soldier freeze when they see a thick whirling yellow cloud of mist about to descend on they . CUT to : int . seaplane - dusk christmas lean out and fire the flare gun at the drench dock . several bullet fire by paine tear hole in the plane just above christmas 's head . CUT to : ext . dock —- dusk the red hot flare collide against the old wooden structure and a mammoth curling fireball erupt with colossal force . CUT to : soldier leap into the water as the wave of destruction envelop everything in it 's path . the curling flame sweep over the jeep , blow they sky high . the burn wreckage crash into the water , nearly crush several soldier . CUT to : ext . seaplane the plane be barely avoid a catastrophe as the swirl gas wave threaten to reach up to the plane itself . CUT to : 58. int . seaplane lean from the plane 's side door , christmas nervously observe the flame nearly curling up to the wing and gas pod . christmas bail !! barney sharply cut the wheel then twist the gas valve shut . CUT to : ext . seaplane - dusk the tidal gas wave cease inch from the plane , which now arc gracefully out to sea . CUT to : ext . destroyed dock —- dusk with the dock engulf in flame , paine , along with traumatize soldier , swim wearily to shore . CUT to : int . seaplane - dusk christmas return to the cockpit . barney stare stoically straight ahead . christmas suddenly pound the side of the fuselage . christmas why would anybody stay in this hell hole ?! barney gut . christmas think they will find she ? barney probably . christmas we be come back . 59 . barney no we be not . christmas we meet this girl , use she , now we be responsible . seriously , I be come back one way or another . barney study christmas 's resolute expression . reflectively he glance out the side window . barney y'know , maybe we could take this place down . christmas how ? barney -.- let I think about it . CUT to : ext . seaplane - dusk the droning engine now slowly fade into a tranquil hum as the aircraft glide gracefully into the sunset . CUT to : ext . garza 's palace - night a wide shot depict great activity in the courtyard as soldier be be load onto transport truck while another truck load with soldier , rumble out of the massive gate . CUT to : palace courtyard - dusk the beard lieutenant and the other six soldier that be useless in stop barney and christmas escape , be bound and gag as they stand tremble before general garza . in front of the men be a squad of soldier with they rifle train on the beard lieutenant 's squad . beside garza be paine . 60 . garza ( in Spanish ) you let they kill and get away ? two of they ? ( grab the bearded lieutenant by the beard ) ( to soldier ) you be a bad leader - maybe it be the beard . garza nod to several soldier and the beard lieutenant’s squad be drag off . garza no more beard -— ( to paine ) you work for I , find the girl ! he shove paine who bristle . he have like to smash this man into a tiny wet spot . paine move off . garza ( put pistol to paine 's head ) I be so mad I can not feel my hand - ( cock pistol ) yes , you work for I . paine glare at he then move off . CUT to ext . corza ( sandra 's home ) - night this modest crumble structure be on the outskirt of the city . sandra 's partly observe truck be park out of view . the side door swing open and sandra appear with a cloth sack cramme with provision . rapidly enter she truck , she be go into the night . CUT to : ext . hale caesar 's - early morning the SUN be barely up . we hear mr . church 's voice over the wide shot . int . hale 61 . church ( 0.s. ) how do it go in corza ? CUT to : caesar 's — dawn the establishment be dark except for the early ray of sunlight that angle through the large skylight . barney sit at a round table with christmas , kong , hale caesar and richard . most of the man still look half asleep . christmas church barney no problem . smirk . barney but we think garza could be under the agency 's protection . we see some personnel there that fit the bill . CUT to : the impose man be seat behind a large desk in a classically decorate office . barney at church why would the CIA be involved with garza ? CUT to : hale caesar 's barney you grandson ever mention anything about american personnel on the island ? church no - do all this mean you be pass ? 62 . barney remain silent . CUT to : church 's office barney ( override ) - the fee 's five million . church be momentarily take aback . CUT to : barney barney plus expense - half to be deposit in two separate off shore account today - in or out ? church what if it be the agency that 's over there ? barney we problem - in or out ? church in. barney you will be send the account number . barney hang up and face the group . barney alright , we need weapon . ( gesture at Christmas , Richard and Kong ) we usual armor get bust , but make arrangement to get what we need from the new supplier . Christmas know the locale of the supplier in Tijuana . hale caesar hate that place . 63 . barney do not worry about it , you be not go . kong how do you know we can trust this new ' replacement ? 's barney we do not - but he say he 's get what we need and it 's untraceable . christmas ( to Kong ) if it smell bad , we be outta there . barney you guy get move - Richard , you first assignment , enjoy . richard smile and rise . kong what be you do ? barney cover we ass . barney rise and hold up a CD rom and motion to hale caesar . barney I wanna show you something . CUT to : superimposed : CIA langley , VA int . CIA video room paine lean over a bank of monitor . a seat technician toy with the control . on the screen be a bad security camera recording from the custom shack . 64 . stand directly behind paine be female senior chief intelligence officer , b.w. monroe , ( 5us . ) she 's not see clearly yet , but we sense a ominous presence . monroe ( 0.s. ) go in closer . the technician do . barney 's face be see but too hazy for clear identification . christmas 's face be block behind barney . paine they equipment 's ancient . monroe ( 0.s. ) ... I see that . New footage appear . it 's a skip - frame recording of barney knock the custom soldier unconscious and firing a shot at the custom agent , who 's off screen . Monroe now step into view monroe ( to technician ) we need this person identify as soon as possible , that mean yesterday - enhance the hell out of it - step out , please . the technician exit . monroe be the girl that be with they id have ? - who be she ? you have a name yet ? paine Sandra campas , a local , she will be in custody soon if garza do not kill she first . monroe just go back and pacify that paranoid bastard . tell he he have we commitment . nothing like this will happen again and I need to know what this Sandra campas know . CUT to : 65 . int . sandra 's house - night a half dozen soldier hold powerful halogen flashlight tear through the house . CUT to : ext . sandra 's house - night as the soldier pour out of the dwelling , we see that sandra 's neighbor have be pull from they home and be be brutally interrogate . CUT to : garza' palace - night we see a wide shot of the oppressive wall structure . the SOUND of heavy footstep reverberate on stone be hear over the palace 's image . CUT to : int . palace basement three soldier lead general garza down a incredibly bleak and mildew mortar corridor . CUT to : basement cell arrive at a row of heavily rusted steel door , the cell guard immediately jam a key into the lock of the CENTER cell . the door groan open revealing former president miguel fuentes , a slender , unhealthy man of fifty five . two soldier rush in and yank he upright . general garza enter and calmly approach fuentes . with a baleful expression , he glare into the hopeless man 's eye . general garza ( in Spanish ) you bring they ? 66 . miguel who ? garza 's patience have reach it 's limit . bellow in rage , he raise he fist . CUT to : cell corridor garza ’'s guttural yell reverberate down the hallway follow by the thud of fuentes 's body hit the cell floor . int . hale caesar 's back office barney and hale caesar sit rivete to image of corza that be be display on a large computer screen . this be photo that barney have take . he stop at a image at the locale of the murder of the young american . barney see it ? hale caesar no - what be I suppose to be see ? barney magnify the image . barney bottom leave - hale caesar the cigarette butt ? barney yeah , the name on the filter say Oberst - see it ? hale caesar study the photo , baffle . hale caesar yeah . barney Oberst be a first class european cigarette . there 's no way garza 's man would be smokin’ that brand . I need to get a list of any european visitor to corza say in the last three month . ( more ) 67 . barney ( cont would ) the best place to start would be private plane manifest . CUT to : int . CIA headquarters ( hallway ) - day will and lickson stride down the fairly active and endless hallway . will eye a slightly enhance still shot of barney take from the surveillance camera in corza . will where would you get this ? lickson from a friend in surveillance . a c.0.0. intel officer name Monroe , who 's work up front for the special activity division want it id would . will they must have ' make 's Ross , plan a new op be the only explanation . lickson thing be , if they do not know who he be , how would they know to put '' eye '' on he ? will because they be not watch he , and be watch over another company target and he walk into it by accident - this be good . int . public storage lobby - day barney enter with a cardboard document BOX . public storage clerk can I help you ? barney I need a unit , please . barney slide a credit card across the counter . the clerk read the name , michael averman . 68 . int . elevator - day chief operation officer monroe enter the lift . as the door close , a hand jut in and will enter . the door will sorry - you be Chief Operations Officer Monroe ? monroe yes ? will I be agent will Sands , currently assign to off - shore Operations . close and the elevator lurch into motion . will can I have a few minute of you time ? monroe ( pleasantly ) of course , but not much more . will we division be issue a mandate from the deputy director 's office to start shutting down private contractor work abroad . this man 's be ‘off and on 's we radar for several year , so we need to know where this be take . will hand she the hazy photo of barney . she fight off she annoyance . the door will Word have it this photo start circulate from you office . open and they step into ... the inner sanctum of CIA headquarters . Monroe stride through row of cubicle . will I think maybe we could have be surveilling another target when he wander into the picture by accident ? 69 . monroe have you cross path with this man before ? will yes - a few year back . monroe ( pull up short ) really ? then you must know he name ... you must have it on file , right ? monroe 's cool demeanor make will hesitate . will no - we just have aliase . look , I know about inner agency rivalry , but I can help here , I know how he operate and you know the locale he might be target next -- Monroe reach a close office door . monroe look , here 's the problem , will , we really do not care about how he operate , we only care about keep he away from classified company operation that be underway , but if you come across information , any information that will assist in identify he , that would be appreciate . I wish I could tell you more , but like everyone else , I have order to follow . Nice meeting you , agent . monroe offer a polite nod and move off leave a frustrated will in she wake . CUT to : ext . corza - day in a wooded area down a slight berm , a pair of soldier come across sandra 's truck , which have be cover in branch and palm . 70 . the ten wheel troop truck pull sandram truck into clear view as the squad leader speak into the army truck cb microphone . CUT to : int . garza 's chamber - day a walkie - talkie rest in garza 's hand . stand on the balcony , garza stare blankly into the distance . squad leader ( 0.s. ) ( in Spanish ) ... we have find the woman 's truck - we will look north now , over . garza 's jaw muscle tighten . CUT to : int . - agent lickson 's office another male agent stand in front of lickson 's desk . she read a memo in she hand . lickson good work - but I want all info send to he office first . CUT to : int . will 's office - day will 's at he desk in a very unspectacular windowless office as a extensive list of random name scroll up he computer 's screen . it finally lock on to the name : michael averman . will be charge . lickson enter . lickson you call ? will yeah , one of the know aliase that Ross have use in the past have come up - he must be get careless because he use to rent space in a storage facility in San Diego . it 's definitely worth check out . 71 . lickson then check it out . CUT to : ext . UNITED states / mexico border - night a plain van carry richard , kong and christmas pass the local custom agent and cross into mexico . ext. / int . van - night pass through Tijuana 's main business district , the van finally turn onto a poorly light side street . christmas spot a fairly bland look two story build . a sign hang out front read in Spanish '' the horse club . '' kong I have bad feeling . christmas relax . experience Mexico . richard pull the van to the curb , which be line with a fair amount of vehicle . christmas Park it , then come inside . kong and christmas jump out . richard appear unhappy at be treat like a errand boy . CUT to : ext . the horse club - night the faint sound of thunder be hear as a light rain begin to fall . kong and christmas approach . thudd music filter onto the desert street . two professional thug loiter out front . kong and christmas exchange perplex expression then enter . int . the horse club - night the music leap in decibel as kong and christmas enter the establishment . 72 . immediately they be take aback . they be surround by men , all shape and size . the boisterous patron be dance , drink and mingling in a celebratory fashion . welcome to one of the city 's most infamous gay club . kong wrong place ? christmas right place . the patron begin to notice the new ' out of place 's arrival . kong be grow anxious . kong there 's no gun here . christmas it 's the right place . kong I be leavin . 's christmas hey , nobody want you - C ’mon . they start to angle through the patron who be now very aware of the stranger . christmas the contact 's name 's emanuel . a large , intoxicated , tank - topped hispanic man move into they path . he speak rapidly in spanish at kong who look totally confuse . kong what have he say ? christmas poor bastard must be blind . kong what have he say ? christmas he want to dance - with you . christmas speak to the man in Spanish and the man smile and move off . kong what have you say ? 73. christmas you would love to , maybe later . CUT to : richard enter the club . instantly he mood darken . he spot kong and christmas . his ' look 's have attract a great deal of attention . richard this can not be the place ? christmas it be - a couple of men cruise past richard . richard tense as he mind race . christmas gesture to a bouncer stand at the bar . christmas we need emanuel ... ( to Richard ) Richard , go ask goon # 1 . richard sigh and head off to the thick - neck bouncer ( goon # 1 . ) CUT to : emanuel a sullen - face 45 year old sit in a guard private booth at the back of the club . beside he be a young hustler sport streak hair . richard , christmas and kong warily approach behind goon # 1 . richard speak rapidly to a bodyguard who turn to another guard who lean towards emanuel and convey richard 's message . during this , richard eye the bodyguard 's conceal pistol . emanuel nod while stay rivete on richard , who shift uncomfortably . emanuel ( in Spanish ) ... I be expect you - Richard , yes ? 74 . richard ( shocked ) yes . emanuel ( gesture to Kong and Christmas ) who be they ? richard ( in Spanish ) I be with they . emanuel ( in Spanish ) you mean they be with you ? emanuel unexpectedly snap at the male hustler seat beside he . emanuel get out - gol the male hustler tense with indignation . snap like a rabid animal , emanuel seize the hustler 's hair in he powerful grip and roughly shove he out of the booth . emanuel ( in Spanish ) I have you order - you have the money ? richard be about to translate . christmas I understand - the money when we get what we come for . emanuel grimly smile . emanuel ( break English ) of course - drive around back . richard , kong , and christmas start to move off . emanuel firmly grip richard 's arm in the booth . emanuel ( to Richard ) you stay . richard eye christmas and kong . 75 . emanuel ( hard ) keep I company . christmas we get it . emanuel ( in Spanish ) take they out back - ( to Richard ) you sit here . barely able to mask he loathing , richard sit beside the repulsive man , as christmas and kong be guide away by a bodyguard . emanuel gesture to the array of booze display on the table . emanuel ( in Spanish ) drink sometimes - whatever you like - it 's all free . richard I be work . emanuel so be I - drink ? I do not like to say thing twice . CUT to : ext . warehouse - night the rain have pick up as the van move down a alleyway locate behind the club . the faint sound of music emanate from within the club , drift outdoors . up ahead a armed guard slide open the warehouse door and gesture for the van to enter . CUT to : int . the horse club the place be jump . in the private booth , emanuel be ply richard with incessant seductive chatter . richard feign interest while he eye register the position of the half dozen bodyguard that be place throughout the club . 76 . CUT to : int . warehouse enter , christmas and kong follow the glow of the van 's headlight as they travel into the recess of the dilapidate building . rain leak through the porous roof . finally the van 's beam reveal a pair of pickup truck surround by seven mexican gang member . kong they be go to try to kill we . sense the tension , christmas try to suppress he mount anxiety . christmas seriously -— kong what ? christmas - I hate when you take that ' crap 's out of you head and put it in mine . christmas and kong exit the van and extend they arm and be pat down by two gang member . the gang member nod that they be ' clean . 's leader ( in Spanish ) show they . two of the men hop into the truck bed and whip off a tarp , revealing a pair of crate . kong climb up to inspect the cadre of weaponry . leader have the money ? christmas ( point ) in the van . 77 . christmas watch as one of the gang member approach the van . reaching into the front seat , he withdraw a envelope of money . christmas lock eye with kong . something 's off . a flash of movement catch kong 's eye . the ' movement 's be from the outside guard , who have be sneaking forward . he fire at christmas . the round tear into he body shield , but he do not go down . kong spin behind one of the gang member and snap he neck . he and christmas sprint for cover . the guard fire away as the rest of the gang member pull pistol from they truck . christmas and kong disappear behind mound of debris that be pile nearby . leader ( in Spanish ) get ‘em ! a gang member be startle by christmas who explode out of the shadow . he crush the man 's neck with the sharp edge of he forearm . the wall behind christmas erupt as bullet rip out concrete in large chunks . christmas snatch up the dead gang member 's weapon , and diving to the ground , avoid gunfire then blow the gang member away . as a gang member pass a pillar , kong smashes he foot into the man 's head with incredible force . kong retrieve the dead man 's gun and bolt away . holding the money , the leader , along with a gang member pile into they truck and fire it up . CUT to : pickup truck as the leader speed toward the exit door , christmas sprint toward the flee truck on a sharp angle . the gang member riding in the passenger seat fire at Christmas through the front windshield . christmas fire back and empty he clip into the gang member . 78 . appear out of nowhere , kong leap onto the back of the veer truck and snatch a grenade from the weapon stashed on the truck 's flatbed . pull the pin , he toss it through the passenger side window and leap . the truck 's cabin explode rip the roof skyward , until it collide with the factory ceiling send down a torrent of cement and dust . the last remain gang member bolt out of the warehouse with christmas in hot pursuit . CUT to : int . the horse club the rear door burst open as the terrify gang member charge through . immediately he 's slam into the wall by a huge bodyguard . the gang member yell that a ' crazy american 's be go to kill he . he no sooner finish the statement when christmas appear . the bodyguard toss the gang member aside and reach for the pistol in he waistband . still charge forward , christmas whip a throwing knife that be conceal in a custom sheath at the base of he neck . the knife impale itself into the bodyguard 's cheek . christmas then pull the man 's pistol free and fire at the flee gang member . int . MAIN room the terrify gang member race into the crowded room . two bodyguard see this and pull out they weapon as the gang member stumble past . CUT to : richard spot the commotion before emanuel do . the two bodyguard be suddenly blow off they foot by bullet fire by christmas who now roar into view . the hysterical crowd charge toward the front exit . richard lunge forward and grab the pistol of the table bodyguard who be now take aim at christmas . richard swivel the weapon towards emanuel who be pull he pistol while hurl wrathful expletive . 79 . with the pistol still in the bodyguard 's hand , richard fire three round into emanuel , who slump face forward send the array of liquor bottle crash to the floor . richard pull the pistol free and shoot the table bodyguard point blank then blast two more bodyguard away that come at he head on . christmas dive behind the bar and leaping up , blow the last charge bodyguard away . with they blood boil , both richard and christmas rapidly scan the room for any more attacker . no threat leave , only the chaos of the flee patron . but suddenly , the fatally wounded bodyguard that christmas impale in the face , rumble into the room with christmas 's knife now raise high for the kill . to avoid hit christmas , richard leap to the side and fire . but just as the bullet hit the mark , the startling visual of kong appear soar onto the bodyguard 's neck with he legs clasped in a vice- like grip . like a steer wrestler , kong use all he momentum and violently somersault the thug forward until the man 's neck snap brutally against the floor . kong rise and eye christmas . kong ' experience Mexico 's christmas shrug and retrieve he knife . christmas the weapon okay ? kong nod . christmas face richard who look agitate . christmas let 's go - ( they start off ) you save my ass , Richard . richard ( dryly ) ... yeah . CUT to : 80. int . public storage unit - night will sand stand before the clerk that issue barney ross he unit . will display he badge and photo credentials . will you lease a unit to a ' Michael averman 's - I need to see it . clerk ( hesitates ) without a warrant , I need two more form of i.d . - State law . will sigh and reach for he wallet . int . public storage unit - night the door swing inward . a thin filament glue to the top of the door start to pull tight , it 's other end anchore to the door frame . will slide in through the open door , and only at the very last second do he spot the filament , now nearly taught several inch above he head . instinctively , he reach up , to where the filament connect to the door frame . there , it be tie to a grenade , which it have pull half way out of the tin can that be nail to the door frame . the can , act as a sheath , hold the grenade 's striking lever in place . will grasp the grenade and ease it out of the can . pull down a long section of filament . he wrap the grenade 's handle safely down and set it beside the door . carefully , he enter the room . stand in the center of the cold unit , light only by a dangle bulb , will stare at the only object in the unit : a large television set that sit in the corner . as he run he finger across the top of the set , a panel come loose . will lift the entire top of the tv off . the television be hollow . Inside be barney 's cardboard document BOX . 81 . open the box he see it 's full of file . judge by the condition / color of the manila tabs , one of they be much newer than the other . will reach for it ... CUT to : int . garage - night christmas and kong be unload the recently acquire weapon . at the far end of the dimly light room , richard be angrily confront barney . richard you do not hire I for what I could do , my skill ! - you hire I because you do not know the kind of man you be deal with . why do you send I there ? to distract he ? seduce he ? what ? barney look , I hear about how this guy ' be 's and I think it would not hurt have somebody on the team who would know how to handle ' people 's like that . richard like it take one to know one ?! we be not from a different planet . I be the same as you . ( gesture to Kong and Christmas ) and they ! christmas ( gesture towards Kong ) maybe he , mate , not I . barney ( sheepishly ) we need this weapon - exactly on time - I do not know what to expect from this guy . richard now that you get they , be I finish ? you want someone ' normal 's now ? 82 . barney you be the real deal , Richard , I apologize for keep you in the dark - wo not happen again . richard good , just remember I be a soldier first and a fag second , okay ? barney that 's easy to follow . richard extend he hand and barney shake it . barney sorry , kid . christmas lower a crate of explosive then he glance over at richard and barney shaking hand . christmas ( good-naturedly ) why do not you two kiss and make up and let a couple of real man finish they work . barney go kick he ass , Richard . richard .+- he might like it too much . int . CIA inner sanctum - morning chief intelligence officer monroe stride through the office , ignore the various greeting and enter she office . int . monroe 's office - day monroe find herself stare at ... ... a large topographic map of corza tack to she wall . will look over he shoulder at monroe , then return he gaze to the map . monroe what be you do in here ? 83. will that photo I ask you about be take in corza . monroe have you lose you mind ? one phone call , that 's all it 's 1ll take and what 's leave of you half - ass career be over . will turn to face monroe . will could be , be that as it may , I would like to know what 's so important on that island that would attract you and mercenary ? monroe if what you be look for be redemption , you have definitely step into the wrong office . will what be you talk about ? monroe zero 's in on will like a snake face down she prey . monroe you know what I be talk about , agent - I read you file . it 's sad , very very sad , because at one - time you be actually a function part of this agency - intimate with the way we do and do not do the craft of intelligence , then eight year ago the wheel come off when you be assign to track down ' mercenary 's lead by a man name Ross , ring a bell ? it should , then for some insane reason , maybe just inborn ignorance , you let this bastard get away with break into not one , but two sanction agency detention center in Poland and Romania and free target political detainee , '' detention center '' that be sanction by the Secretary of Defense himself ! 84. will people be be take in the middle of the night without any evidence and throw into a hole for year — monroe you be not ' the good shepherd 's - you fail , will ! will even the head of this agency condemn it ! monroe we ' spun 's it that way because of you ! you make Ross the ' good , 's and we the ' bad 's !? so you career go down the toilet , the marriage follow and the bottle 's you only drink buddy . you cover up for a mercenary who could not give a crap about freeing political prisoner , he would have freed Hitler for the right price ! so he 's live the high life and you be in the basement analyze data no one in this organization really care about . ( soften ) you make a mistake , do not make a second one - here . monroe open she desk drawer and produce a black and white photo . it be a age long lens photo of a beard man in he late 5us . she pass it to will . monroe that 's hashim Al tais - you know who he be ? will the middle east 's not my expertise . monroe he 's one of the high rank but low profile remain officer in Al - Qaeda . you ask why we be monitoring corza - monroe pace . 85 . monroe he 's on corza and use the island , we believe , as a sanctuary to rebuild the organization 's chain of command . within a year we expect this cell 's potential to pose a serious threat to National Security . will if you know that then why be you wait to take he down ? monroe because we be still gather information . corza 's small , a hard place to blend in , so we need to court General garza , which would allow we to conduct strict surveillance in exchange for political privilege , protection and financial compensation . ( beat ) we can not afford anything less than 100 % success on this op . will be take aback by this information . monroe I be be straight with you - if you know anything of real value and care about this country , you will share it now . will struggle for a moment . monroe do you want to be remember like you be or could be ?! will ... a assassination be be plan . monroe by who ? will Ross and he man . monroe against Al -tais ? 86 . will no name be mention , but the ' course of action 's strategy be laid out in detail , I read it myself . monroe when ? will Three day . monroe Christ - they really do not have a ' code 's when it come to money . Excuse I I have to get on this while there 's still some time . will start towards the door very conflict , he pause . will I think I know the best way to stop ‘em . monroe how ? will ( weakly ) we have a similar situation in that part of the world in ' 99 . monroe and ? will corza fall under the operational umbrella of seal team one that 's still station at the Naval amphibious base in coronado . if the assault team be deploy at least a day before Ross 's group arrive , that 'il be enough time for they to position themselves and remove the mercenary before you operation with Al - tais have be compromise . monroe ( lift she phone ) get I Johnson at n.c.s. ( to will ) what you have do will be know by the ' right 's people . 87 . will admit a exhaust sigh and exit . CUT to : ext . corza - country side - night ten soldier have assault a farmer who lie beat to the ground . begging for mercy , the farmer 's wife state she 's see sandra and frantically point towards she whereabouts . a soldier heave a molotov cocktail at the tiny farmhouse , while the other troops quickly pile into the truck . int . monroe 's office - night monroe sit behind she clear desk . a single light source create a sinister atmosphere . monroe we have learn that you once work with this group . voice ( 0.s. ) I be part of ‘em - six year . monroe why ’‘d you leave , Mr. Jensen ? voice ( 0.s. ) that 's my business . monroe yes it be . we now see gunnar jensen sit in the darkness . lean forward , he lifeless eye drift out of the shadow . monroe can you find Ross ? quickly that be . gunnar jensen I can find he . monroe he 's become a security danger . gunnar spare the bull shit . monroe the compensation be agreeable then ? 88 . gunnar nod almost imperceptibly . monroe ( rise ) good . he treat you badly , now it 's only right he get what he deserve . gunnar rise and stare down at she in a intimidating fashion . gunnar if I do not need the money , you would ' deserve 's to go before he . with that say gunnar step into the darkness leave a shake monroe in he wake . ext . garza 's palace - dusk a army truck occupy with EIGHT soldier rumble through the gate . paine and the other two american operative stand firm as the vehicle grind to a halt directly in front of the menace man . sandra be roughly pull into view and throw to the ground . CUT to : int . cell - night the cell door be open . two guard flank the doorway . Inside sandra be bound to a chair . scare to death , she try to compose herself . with no warning garza appear in the cell doorway . he calmly approach sandra and gaze into the helpless woman 's eye . garza ( soothingly ) be afraid . garza 's expression soften into a almost warm smile , whereupon he savagely backhand she knock she unconscious . CUT to : 89 . int . garage - night work under a single light source christmas wipe the sweat that run down he forehead as he meticulously assemble small but powerful explosive device . ext . hale caesar 's restaurant the street be fairly desert in front of the colorful eatery . CUT to : int . hale caesar 's in the confines of he office hale caesar toil in front of he computer as he 's in the process of gather data on corza . CUT to : ext . tattoo parlor - night through the storefront window richard be see in the rear of the parlor be tattooe . CUT to : int . tattoo parlor the camera pan down to richard 's forearm . we see a raven perch upon a skull be tattooe onto he forearm . CUT to : int . bar - night will sit at the mid - scale bar . the place be dully light and at this late hour have ten other customer . will motion to the bartender to refill he glass . the man appear lose in deep think . his cell phone ring . barney ( 0.s. ) will Sands - that 's you name ? will who 's this ? 90 . barney ( 0.s. ) what 's the agency want with I ? the hair on will 's neck rise . will Ross ? barney ( 0.s. ) why be you go through my property , will ? will I think you know the answer . will rise and move to a alcove near the men 's room . barney ( 0.s. ) how long have you be follow I ? will Long enough . barney ( 0.s. ) now what ? will we have enough to indict you and you friend . barney why would you want to do that ? will the truth ? you be no better than run-of - the-mill murderer . barney that 's debatable , willy . CUT to : ext . STREET - night barney stand in a public phone booth locate in a seedier section of the city ... we cross -cut throughout the scene . gl . barney think the world 's get better or worse ? will what 's that mean ? barney answer the question or I will hang up . will hang up . barney call my bluff - again , think the world 's get better or worse ? humor I . will worse . barney we remove that hard to get at stain , will . will you be not make sense . barney we kill ' killer . 's will for money . barney gotta eat , but all the ' target 's have get what they deserve - that 's the ‘rule . 's will now you have ' rule ? 's barney only one . will you distort ethic aside - what you do be just wrong . 92 . barney ' wrong ? 's you mean like work for a agency that arm third world death squad lead by insane dictator to overthrow democratically elect government . will we have ' right 's on we side . barney you do not have ' right , 's you have ' power . 's will you be gonna get catch in the middle and get take out . barney by you ? will man , I have help you more than you know - I use to think most of what you do be right . but you have no code - you work against you own country . barney now you do not make sense . will maybe this do - stay away from corza ! I do not know who 's pay you , but give it back . we ’1ll take care of Al - tais , not you . barney ( slight laugh ) you have get to get out more . will think this be funny ? barney yeah - Al - tais be dead . will be speechless . 93. barney he be shot outside of Kabul four day ago by one of my competitor - listen , will , choose a side , or move aside . barney hang up . will slowly close he phone as he struggle to make sense of it all . ext . STREET - night barney walk to he truck and enter . kong be sit in the passenger seat . barney what have you want to talk about ? kong my life . barney that should not take long . barney fire up the engine and pull away . CUT to : ext . CITY - night a high angle shot of barney 's truck drive along the fringe of the city . barney ( 0.s. ) so what 's wrong with you life ? kong ( 0.s. ) I want a raise . CUT to : int . barney 's truck - night barney flip on the radio to a oldie station . barney why do you deserve a raise ? kong I be with you longest - I work harder than the other . 94 . barney what make you say that ? kong they be taller - everything be more work for I . barney ( sigh ) c'mon — kong when I get hurt , the wound be twice as big - barney - ' Cause you be smaller . kong ( nod ' yes 's ) when I travel I have to go farther because - barney - you be smaller . kong ( nod ) and I be chinese . barney so? kong so I be smarter - smarter 's worth more . barney you be get ridiculous . kong we be smarter . barney no. kong have high i.q. ( barney shake he head ' no . ’) who 's smarter ? 95 . barney technically western jewish descendant . kong . bull shit - suddenly the rear window of barney be vehicle shatter and a blizzard of tiny glass shard blast through the car . more shot and the front windshield be blow to piece . barney and kong whip around and see a suv charge toward they . barney floor it . kong it 's gunnar ! barney should have shot ' im when I have the chance . CUT to : gunnar be behind the wheel of the suv and be bear down hard on barney and kong . barney swing he truck onto a intersect highway and roar towards a older industrial part of the city . the highway be nearly desert but there be enough vehicle present to cause a half dozen near miss as barney and gunnar weave through the oncoming car . all the while , kong and gunnar exchange sporadic gunfire . barney tear down a wide alley barely keep several lane ahead of gunnar who manage to get off several shot . in the near distance he spot a freight train move in the opposite direction . he race towards it with gunnar in hot pursuit . barney floor it as he truck be get dangerously close to intersect the monster freight train . the railway crossing light begin to flash , but barney barrel ahead . kong what be you do ?! CUT to : 96. suv again , gunnar attempt to draw a bead on barney while keep a eye on the freight train , but the road 's too rough to get a clean shot . CUT to : barney' truck streak across the track miss the train by at least 50 yard . gunnar be also go to make it safely across , but to he horror , he see barney from the other side of the track , whipping the truck into another 180 degree turn . barney grab the pistol from kong and fire headlong at gunnar 's suv . CUT to : suv gunnar involuntarily slam on the break , bring the suv to a skid stop nearly in the center of the track . gunnar 's eye bulge as the immense freight train ram into the rear quarter panel of the suv , send it pin wheeling 50 yard off the track and past barney and kong , then capsize over a embankment . barney and kong leap from the truck and charge over the embankment . cautiously move forward , barney check the ammo in he pistol 's clip . CUT to : suv with it 's headlight still on , the badly damage vehicle lay on it 's side , steam pour from under the hood . barney and kong approach and notice the driver side door be open . barney motion for kong to swing wide while he approach the suv . barney approach from a angle that permit he to see fully inside . suddenly the gunshot rip through the silence and the rear passenger window explode inch away from barney 's head . 97 . he dive to the ground as more bullet tear into the car 's metal . CUT to : gunnar bloody and badly shake up , he put he pain aside and rush forward . suddenly barney roll from he position and fire back , but gunnar hold he ground and return FIRE . suddenly the high caliber pistol be kicked from gunnar 's hand and fall a short distance away . kong rush into view and commence to ferociously attack gunnar with all he fury . completely catch off guard gunnar be daze and stagger against a clump of tree . kong go in for the kill , but gunnar rise and strike kong with a arching back fist deliver by he massive arm . now it 's gunnar 's turn to attack . CUT to : barney flip the door mount auto searchlight into the darkness and the beam settles on gunnar who kick kong with such brute force , kong be send fly , and collide in a semi-conscious state . gunnar glare into the stark white beam of the auto searchlight . barney see gunnar in he sight and be about to shoot . kong no !! he 's mine ! kong attack gunnar who again dominate with he incredible strength and grab kong by the throat in a similar fashion as the first scene . kong crack gunnar against the eye which frees he up . kong now zeroe in on he stunne opponent and proceed to rally back . badly weaken by the barrage , gunnar 's knee be repeatedly assault until the huge man drop to one knee . glint in the car beam be he pistol only a foot from he hand . barney ( aim ) gunnar it 's over - do not move !! 98. gunnar seize the pistol and kong leap on he . but in a last burst of barbaric strength , kick kong aside and train the pistol dead into kong 's face . barney squeeze off a shot and gunnar collapse to the ground . kong glare at he foe and back off as barney approach . they pass each other while look straight ahead . kong I would have win . barney ( walk straight past ) maybe . gunnar be moment away from death . blood seep from a fatal chest wound . gunnar I try . barney come close . gunnar need money . barney should have ask I . gunnar ( soft revelation ) shit - I be dyin . 's barney - look that way - who hire you , gunnar ? gunnar weakly shake he head . barney you be not tell . gunnar 's eye indicate he 's remain silent . barney a asshole to the end . gunnar 's eye slowly shut . he 's moment from death . 99 . barney you know you be die - so what difference will it make - I have tell you - I will pay for you funeral and scatter you ash right before the next battle , fair enough ? gunnar 's eye slightly open and he bloody hand weakly rise and seize barney 's shirt , slowly pull he forward . CUT to : kong lean against the damaged suv , the searchlight 's beam be directly over he shoulder as he watch the moment between barney and gunnar play out , then respectfully angle the searchlight to the ground . CUT to : interrogation room ( corza ) - day shaft of light manage to seep through the overhead flooring . sandra have take quite a batter . paine observe from the background . garza she say she be pay to show ‘em around - say she never see they before . monroe she 's lie - you get she family ? garza no , no family - I want she dead . monroe no , I have secure clearance for a seal team to arrive early morning the day after I and I need you to make sure you soldier be tell to stay the hell out of they way . General , I need to find out everything , keep the girl alive . monroe hang up just as she secretary knock and enter hold a seal 8 X 10 manila envelope . 100 . secretary this just arrive - monroe leave it . the secretary nod and exit . with she mind still preoccupy , monroe open the envelope and see a wallet . open the object , she eye narrow as they come to rest on gunnar jensen 's driver' license . clipped to the back be a note . '' one act of vengeance deserve another - love , B . '' monroe 's heart sink . CUT to : int . hale caesar 's — dawn barney' team be seat around the empty restaurant enjoy a '' hearty '' breakfast of left-over mexican food . hale caesar be flipping through a thick folder that lie in the center of a large table . hale caesar in the past six month only four man have fly to corza with european passport and they be all with the same company . christmas smarter than you look . hale caesar but you be not . barney c’mon , keep go - kong ( pain ) I can not eat this stuff . hale caesar then do not , pinche ! who care ? kong toss down a taco and cover it with a plate . hale caesar be highly insulted . 101 . barney enough . hale caesar do not like taco , but eatin’ rat an’ cat be cool ? kong we do not eat cat !! barney ( raise he fist ) somebody 's go to be eat this . ( to hale caesar ) go on , damn it . ext . CIA parking lot - same monroe be be drive away when will appear and step in front of she car . CUT to : int . monroe' car the driver face monroe , who 's face be redden . driver you know he ? monroe ( exite ) stay in the car . will approach monroe . monroe what do you want ? be there a problem ? will there 's no Al - tais , there 's no terrorist cell , there 's nothing ! so you tell I , what 's there !? int . hale caesar 's restaurant - kitchen -— dawn barney be paging through the data that hale caesar have compile . 102 . hale caesar Renaissance Holdings , lp . it 's this german multinational company out of munich that deal in shipping , land and - barney oil - hale caesar yeah , oil . christmas - there it be . hale caesar here 's some picture of some of the board of director - the Chairman be this dude here , Helmut Ernst , he 's the main man , and the ceo of the whole thing . ( hand over a photo ) that 's he . barney 's eye darken as he stare at the photo . helmut ernst be the German-looking fellow who supposedly be mr . church 's '' bssistant . '' barney Christ - christmas ( pick up another photo ) look good for a ' dead 's guy . check it out . christmas hand the photo to barney . it be a picture of the supposedly murdered grandson , stand with church , helmut ernst , and several other men , now look quite alive . flashback : a close - up of the photo of church 's '' grandson '' lay murder in a ditch . barney get a name for he ? hale caesar no - probably some flunky . CUT to : 103 . barney angrily toss the picture on the table . ext . CIA parking lot monroe 's face be contort with anger . monroe come on ! open you god damn eye ! what 's the one thing in this world , that we agency would protect to make sure that we be never at the mercy of any other country ? a major find - a couple hundred mile off we shore and you do not think we government should control that ? will it 's not the government , it 's you use the agency as a front ! monroe you be a agency ' turncoat , 's a walk joke , who nobody would ever believe , so stick to chase bottom feeder like Ross and he loser ! no , forget that , thanks to you the ' seal 's have other plan for they , so back the fuck off , or it 's over for you too ! monroe turn and re-enter she vehicle . int . hale the group monroe ( to driver ) let 's go ! CUT to : caesar be be still gather around the table as barney pace . hale caesar this Church guy be front for this ' Renaissance 's company ' cause they be in with the last president . but the agency must have catch wind of what be goin 's down on corza and back a coup with garza , who they be controllin’ . ( more ) 104 . hale caesar ( cont would ) so how do Renaissance get back on track ? have we wack garza , throw the place into chaos , then this shithead come back in and pick up where they leave off - kong what do you want to do ? richard do ? we be ready - we should go . hale caesar I say hell with it - they be all thief , let ‘em kill themselves off . why we go and maybe get shot up ?! christmas ' Cause we be pay to go ! hale caesar ' Cause some girl you be feel sorry for ? christmas then stay back . hale caesar yo , any man willin’ to get kill for some bitch he be not know for one damn day be ignorant ! christmas ( stand ) do not call I ignorant ! hale caesar ( rise ) then do not make I get ' ignorant 's on you ass ! barney hey , both of you , back off ! - ( to caesar ) you out or in ? hale caesar and have all you all talkin’ insultin’ shit about I ? ( to Christmas ) she better be fine . 105 . caesar extend he fist and christmas bump it in a gesture of camaraderie . christmas she 's not bad . barney .-.- let 's go to war . CUT to : int . will 's office - night the man be slump behind he desk . though he body language appear lifeless , he eye be incredibly alive . hundred of thought race through he mind . CUT to : ext . seaplane - night the plane be dock side . richard , hale caesar , and kong be load the large craft with crate of weapon . christmas guide a hand truck with what appear to be a large deflate zodiac raft . christmas somebody gimme a hand with this ! CUT to : barney be seat in the cockpit . he be presently on the phone . through the cockpit window , we see the men below load the aircraft . barney if we do not have the palace secure by 05:00 hour , we be dead . CUT to : ext . maybach benz - night church be be drive by the young man , bill , who be see as the fake dead grandson in the photo . seat in the rear be church and he boss , helmut ernst . 106 . barney ( 0.s. ) if we do , you can land there by 5:15 . church alright - good . CUT to : int . seaplane - night barney be seat in the cockpit . barney there 's one thing - church ( 0.s. ) what 's that ? barney the full amount 's get to be double and split between the account number that you receive - this be not negotiable . church ( 0.s. ) why double ? barney take it or leave it . CUT to : maybach benz church cover the mouthpiece and face helmut ernst . church he want double to continue . helmut 's lip tighten . then almost imperceptibly he nod he consent . church alright - done . barney for you grandson . 107 . church ..- yes. ( hang up ) CUT to : will 's office - night still immerse in think , will 's expression begin to come to life . his eye denote a revelation . energize , he bolt upright and exit . CUT to : ext . seaplane - night in the moonlight the commanding seaplane glide gracefully above the open sea . int . seaplane in the rear compartment , richard , hale caesar , and kong sit among the cargo , each lose in they own thought . barney and christmas be in the cockpit . christmas think she 's alive ? barney .-.- do not know - it 's true what caesar say , you barely know this woman . christmas that 's not the point . barney what 's ' the point 's ? christmas the point be be where you be need , even if you be not ask to be there , because it 's the right thing to do . barney so you be do it for yourself . 108 . christmas do not complicate it , okay ? barney pull out a BOX of ash then open the side cockpit window . christmas what be you do ? barney spread gunnar - I promise he . christmas .+- you just poison about a hundred whale . barney shrug and pull out a fifth of bourbon and take a slug . he pass it to christmas who do likewise . this be a standard ritual before go to battle . christmas rise and face the other men . christmas Kong . kong step forward and take the bottle , drink then pass it to hale caesar , who do likewise then richard . barney '' , ... do all the good we can , by all the mean we can ... '' the men join in . everyone '' in all the way we can ... in all the place we can ... to all the people we can ... for we will never pass this way again ... '' CUT to : int . agency hallway - night will be on fire as lickson keep pace with he . will if there be a chance the agency be involved , Ross know which team we would send because he be a c.o. with seal team one for ten year - Jesus ! how would I overlook that ? ( more ) 109 . will ( cont would ) and that alias he use at the storage house with the fake attack data be plant , he want it find ! lickson I get a hold on a company jet . will I set he up - lickson - it 's alright , we will be there before he be . CUT to : ext . zodiac sport boat - late night a SMALL group of heavily armed navy seal peer into the night with they night vision goggle ( nvg ) . seal Pov : Way in the distance , corza slowly come into view . ext . beach - night as the zodiac drift to a silent landing , the seal team leap out and move quickly inland . ext . town STREET of corza - night with military issue hat pull low and wear full cammo make - up , the seal glide up the silent street . rounding the corner they come upon a group of soldier . the soldier grip they weapon . the seal prepare to battle . lead soldier ( in Spanish ) they be the one they tell we be come . the lead soldier wave they on . 110 . ext . presidential palace —- night the powerful presence of paine move down the shadowy hallway , and arrive at a double - door entrance flanke by two guard . the guard stand aside as he rumble past . int . garza 's office - night the door open . we see the arrogant body language of general garza , as he nervously pace while puffing on a cigar . sandra be seat in a chair , hand bound . her face be bruise and she nose be bleeding . monroe I understand what you be go through , but know this man , it will get worse - it 's the General 's call . the General 's the one who 's at risk , and want you ' go . 's that 's wrong , no one should be torture unless they be lie , and truthfully I think you be Sandra - I need the truth or I can not help you . sandra .-. I know nothing . paine ( enter ) the seal be here . garza glance over at monroe , who be flushed with supreme confidence . monroe ( sip brandy ) all be good , General . monroe gesture to paine . monroe ( indicate Sandra ) we will finish with she later . CUT to : 111. ext . road - night the five seal be see jogging to the palace , which loom in the distance . int . basement ( cell ) - night sandra be pull roughly by a pair of guard , who fling she into a dark cell . the metal door slam shut . int . garza' office - night garza 's eye reveal great agitation , but he slow gesture be unsettle to monroe . garza they will stop this man who come to kill I - you know this ? monroe they 'il be ' remove 's , yes - garza if not , you will be - monroe ( patiently ) when you threaten I , you threaten the whole agency - that be not good business , General . ext . presidential palace - same the seal arrive at the tower gate , which be flanke by two guard tower . as the gate begin to grind open , we now see clearly the ' seal 's be barney , christmas , richard , kong and hale caesar . the gate continue open , revealing a cluster of curious soldier . as the gate fully open , we boy behold a hundre and fifty soldier spread out before they . barney eye additional soldier on wall . barney gesture to christmas then eye the base of the guard tower rise beside christmas . 112 . the soldier part as paine and the other two american operative approach . paine Dan paine , head of General garza 's security detail . even though paine have see a picture of barney before , the uniform and dark cammo make - up make identification impossible . hale caesar ( step forward ) Sir , you aware of we order ? paine ( nod ) yeah - just take this asshole out . hale caesar where 's the General now ? paine ( gesture ) his private quarter . he will be there until this be over . paine point to the high balcony where they see general garza 's outline stand at the railing . garza 's cigar smoke drift like a ghost in the dead night air . the faint figure of monroe be see stand off to the side . hale caesar we need to inspect the ' kill zone 's from every vantage point . paine ( tersely ) a couple of this monkey will show you around - report back to I when you do . christmas subtly place a SMALL radio detonate charge on the inside leg of the guard tower as they move off . int . palace ( garza 's chamber ) - night sipping whiskey , general garza gaze at the photo of himself . it depict garza atop a makeshift stage , address a large crowd in the center of the city . on both side of he be heavily armed soldier . 113 . garza ( distantly ) .+- how long before the fight begin ? monroe within 24 hour give or take , but it will not be a fight , General . everything 's under control . garza stare blankly into space - the man 's fuck nut . ext . palace compound - night barney , kong , christmas , hale caesar and richard move past soldier 's barracks , which be nothing more than row after row of tatter tent and dilapidated shack . the hefty guide , sergeant gomez , dully gesture toward the area . sergeant gomez ( in Spanish ) ..- this be where we all sleep - over there we grow food . richard be this guy stupid ? hale caesar ( step away ) look that way . the sargent take offense as richard translate . christmas ( annoyed ) tell this idiot to move he ass or I ’1ll kick he ass ! they start to move off , but the sound of a slamming door attract they attention . hale caesar step to a large grate in the ground , and look down . hale caesar check it out . the men cross over . look at least 15 foot down , they see a jail guard lighting a cigarette . christmas ( anxiously ) see anyone ? 114 . hale caesar too dark . sergeant gomez ( in Spanish ) it 's nothing ! come on ! ( inflame , to Christmas ) and you ! I do not like the way you talk like shit to I , I ama sargent - a blur pass in front of the sergeant 's face as kong kick the chunky slob in the jaw . the man collapse in a inglorious heap . christmas ( gesture toward Kong ) break he neck . kong shrug as barney , hale caesar and richard drag the sergeant into a corner of the palace . barney check watch - 3:36 - all good ? glancing at they watch , they all nod in unison . barney 20 minute to slice this place up - you all know you sector - now hit it fast and hard ; good luck . kong , hale caesar and barney start to move off , richard pause and feel for the sergeant 's pulse . there be none . ext. / int . courtyard - night pocket of soldier form themselves into group . int . palace - night a pair of guard be station at the end of a long corridor . kong come into view . his silhouette be see dash across the hallway past the slumping guard ... he place another radio activate charge against a support column , then gracefully disappear . CUT to : 115 . basement hale caesar enter a pitch black room and flip on he mini - flashlight . place a explosive next to several large well - wear generator , he 's go . CUT to : general garia' chamber the dement soul be pace to and for , as he anxiety mount . more drinking . monroe shine she wristwatch , just bide she time . CUT to : hallway - first floor richard plant a rig charge against a archway . CUT to : kong . on the second floor , he place a explosive in another strategic locale . CUT to : christmas a pair of guard move down the dim hallway on the third floor . a foot fly out of the doorway knock one guard ice cold . christmas sweep the second guard off he foot and put he to sleep with a elbow to the forehead . he place a explosive and split . CUT to : barney now in the basement , we see by the glow of he mini - flashlight the place of a time charge next to barrel of fuel . CUT to : 116. hale caesar pass the doorway to a open office , and though dimly light , see a guard take a leak from the second story window . smash cut of a elbow to the side of the head . the guard drop while still in the act of relieving himself . hale caesar slap a rig charge on the wall and exit . CUT to : kong . move cautiously down the hall . behind a door , he hear heavy footstep approach . with cat - like agility , he leap onto a large wooden hallway chair , then bound up to a overhead beam . a split second later , paine and the two american operative exit , pass directly beneath kong . he place a charge on the beam and drop from view . CUT to : christmas slip down the hallway , approach general garza 's Chambers as he prepare to take out the two sentries . paine and the two american operative turn the corner . christmas slip into a adjoining room as the behemoth pass . without hesitation , he place a charge at the base of the wall , and exit out of the window . CUT to : barney plant a charge against another portion of the palace 's foundation . check he watch , he bolt off with a heighten sense of purpose . CUT to : christmas be balanced precariously on a ledge overlook a hundred and fifty soldier below . he start to glide away when general garza 's enraged voice stop he cold . 117 . garza ..- it be you job , you work to know this thing ! who want to kill I !? eyeing the nearest window , he cross the eight foot span and leap just as the balcony door violently swing open and general garza charge into view . CUT to : christmas still be carry by the momentum of he leap , roll to he foot just as a guard hold a flashlight open the door . the light beam catch christmas dead center , but without so much as a nanosecond of hesitation , he whip out he throwing knife . CUT to : barney glide down the dark stone corridor . he pause . in the distance , he see the glow of a cigarette belong to a guard sit in front of the dank cell occupy by the former President , miguel fuentes . CUT to : general garza' chamber -— balcony the general be eye be cloud over . paine and the two operative just stare at the unpredictable dictator . garza you government try to trick I and take it all ! monroe not true , General . garza you be stupid - maybe the people hire this man to kill I - they want they old leader back !? you say '' do not kill he , do not make he a martyr ! '' ( more ) 118 . garza ( cont would ) ( to paine ) bring the woman back here now ! she know who be do this ! bring she now ! monroe realize rational think with garza be out of the question . monroe ( to paine ) get she . CUT to : sergeant gomez be still slump in he decease mode . a pair of palace soldier discover the body . CUT to : cell guard a silenced shot blow the guard off he chair . CUT to : cell door swing open and the emaciate ex - president , miguel fuentes be terrify by the feral image of barney in full battle attire . barney ( smoothly ) miguel fuentes ? miguel ( in Spanish ) who be you ? barney come with I - barney quickly pull miguel forward . he gesture to a nearby cell . miguel there be another here - 119 . barney unlock the cell door , see it 's sandra and pull she upright . look into barney 's menace camouflage face , she be terrify . sandra ( in Spanish ) no ! who be you !? barney you know I - let 's move . sandra -»+- you ? barney c’mon ! barney lead she out . CUT to : coastline three navy seal zodiac traverse silently through the moonlight water . in the distance , a few faint light from the city appear against black terrain . CUT to : palace basement hallway barney , miguel and sandra move down a large tunnel , which be dully light by several low watt hang bulb . suddenly barney be blind - sided by the butt of a black ax handle , and drop . paine step from he concealment behind a alcove . miguel and sandra turn to flee , but slam into operative # 1 and # 2 . paine pull he up !! operative # 2 grab the daze barney in a lethal choke hold and yank he upright . paine roughly wipe the cammo make - up off barney 's face . paine Son of a bitch ! CUT to : rendezvous point 120 . richard , hale caesar , kong and christmas have drop to one knee . they anxiety mount . richard Times up - what 's you call ? christmas we be goin 's back in - give we 10 minute - if we be not back , try to save you own ass . they bolt off as hale caesar check he watch . CUT to : paine his fist slam into barney 's mid-section with colossal force , follow by a blow to the jaw that buckle he knee . paine who hire you ?! paine blast he again . paine give I answer now , or you be dyin , 's right here ! another body blow sag barney be knee . glancing up , he see movement through the overhead grate . it 's christmas and kong paine ( fist clench ) who hire you !? I will pull you inside out ! who ? barney ( barely a whisper ) you be mother . enrage , paine draw back he club for the kill shot . kong drop through the overhead grate and brutally sidekick paine against the head . paine crumble to one knee , then kong nail american operative # 2. christmas drop down next , slamm a potent heel kick into operative # 3 's midsection . 121. the battle be on !! what ensues be a remarkably savage ebb and flow battle . to describe the action design for this scene would take many page , so trust I , it all be like nothing see before . just when this extraordinary battle scene appear over , a band of ten soldier charge into the cavernous corridor . they instantly OPEN FIRE . lethal chunks of mortar and stone be rip from the wall as the torrent of bullet rain down on our boy . paine and the operative hug the floor for dear life . barney pull miguel fuentes out of the line of fire . christmas pull sandra into a recess in the cement wall , he whip out he nine millimeter and return fire , but take a slug in the forearm . his pistol drop to the ground . but , in a brazen act of bravery , sandra drop low and retrieve he pistol . flushed with confidence , the soldier move boldly toward they pin victim . christmas ( put in a fresh clip ) ready ? kong ( pistol up ) - ready - barney ( pistol up ) - now ! totally prepare to die in a blaze of glory , barney , kong and christmas swing into the line of fire . suddenly the blast of supremely superior gunfire roar down the corridor and garza 's soldier be tear to shred . with they weapon still smoking , richard and hale caesar step into view . barney Drop !! richard and hale caesar be completely catch off guard by six other soldier who charge into view . 122 . as they hit the ground , christmas , kong and barney unload they weapon on the squad of soldier , drop they all . CUT to : ext . BAY front - night the three navy seal zodiac have now land . the lead sergeant be stop dead by the sight of a FOURTH zodiac a short distance away . he pull off he nvg . sergeant what 's that ? he call out to he squad leader . sergeant Captain , you see this !? the seal captain angle through he man . it 's hulking MARK . the sergeant touch the seal insignia on the ' strange 's zodiac . hulking MARK flip down he night vision goggle . scrawle on the Zodiac side be : '' the early bird get the country . '' int . corridor barney , kong , christmas , richard , miguel fuentes and sandra race toward a thick peel wooden door locate at the end of the hallway . with paine and the two operative 's hand bound behind they back with plastic cuff , they be shove along by hale caesar . ext . courtyard - night the heavy oak door swing open onto the palace courtyard and the man pour out into the darkness . suddenly the man be hit flush with three intense spotlight . barney ( low to Sandra and miguel ) ...- move away from we . as sandra and miguel step to the side , a hundred soldier step out from the darkness behind the huge spotlight . CUT to : 123. palace balcony general garza savor the visual of he enemy capture below . monroe nervously pace in the background . garza ( in Spanish ) Drop the weapon or you will be kill now !! hale caesar ( translate ) ..- Drop the weapon or he ’1ll kill we . christmas that 's original . CUT to : barney and group scan the area look for survival option . there be none . CUT to : garia' balcony monroe ( to garza ) they be finish - my man will take it from here . garza ( ignore Monroe ) Three second to drop you weapon or die !! we heroes remain defiant . paine be beginning to panic . paine he ’1l1 kill all of we !! christmas nobody care about you , asshole . CUT to : 124. monroe and garza monroe - it 's way too public . garza ( ignore she ) one ! CUT to : the mercenary below . paine Drop the weapon ! CUT to : garza and monroe on the balcony monroe ( fight panic ) let I handle the situation ! garza - two ! -— monroe - the world press will hear about this you stupid son of a bitch ! garza - Three ! CUT to : barney 's S finger unfold . a remote switch be reveal in he palm . he flick a secondary switch and a tiny red light appear . christmas see this , who nod to kong , who also spot the red light . garza FIRE !!! extreme close -up 125 . barney 's thumb press the ignition button . the palace erupt . ext . winding road - night the real navy seal be double timing it up to the palace when they be startle by the tremendous explosion . CUT to : palace explosion the palace be be blow up in section . ton of mortar crumble straight down into smoking pile of rubble . CUT to : the expendables charge into action and commence to unleash all they fire power on the enemy . CUT to : explosion behind the attack ' expendables 's we see the palace be literally dissect by surgical - like detonation . CUT to : barney cut down three soldier as he sprint for cover behind arch along the courtyard wall . two other soldier flank he , but be blast away by kong . CUT to : kong . aim high along the courtyard and pick off a pair of soldier that crumble into the curl barbed wire . CUT to : 126. christmas roll beneath the troop truck and fire at a group of soldier who be use the vehicle for cover . four troops drop to the ground in agony . christmas pull the pin on a grenade and roll away from the truck , which explode sky high landing on two flee soldier . CUT to : richard shoot out two of the huge spotlight . now the courtyard be nearly envelop in darkness . CUT to : hale caesar stand beside the large remain spotlight and turn it on a group of soldier fire out of the shadow . they fire at hale caesar shatter the light . returning fire , he kill two . CUT to : palace the structure continue to implode as the lethal charge continue to erupt . CUT to : hale caesar kill one soldier who try to flank he , richard kill another that hale caesar have in he sight . CUT to : 127. general garza and monroe cower as the explosion approach they from opposite end of the doom palace . CUT to : 10 soldier be catch in a crossfire set up by kong , christmas and hale caesar . CUT to : barney heave a grenade at the front gate , blow they open . CUT to : richard he riddle the guard tower with automatic FIRE , blow two soldier over the side and onto a burning truck . CUT to : sandra and fuentes remain huddle behind smolder debris . CUT to : hale caesar blast two soldier , one of which crash headlong into the fountain . CUT to : 128. christmas ducking behind a corner in the courtyard wall , he spin around and catch two soldier by surprise and plug they both with he .45 . CUT to : gate a group of beat , terrify and cowardly soldier flee through the damage gate . CUT to : paine have manage to free he hand and snatch up a dead soldier 's weapon . CUT to : kong four soldier be head toward the gate when kong jump out with a .45 in each hand . use he amazing kick ability , couple with the .45 's , in what seem no more than a split second , four soldier be go . CUT to : ext . - airport - night a ‘agency 's learjet be 50 foot above the pathetic runway . below , several soldier sprint across the tarmac , head towards the chaos play out at the palace . CUT to : int . -— plane will and lickson stare in dismay at the burn palace that glow in the distance . 129 . will ( to pilot ) -+- Christ - CUT to : barney watch as mortar explode next to he head . drop to one knee , he see paine approach . CUT to : paine duck behind a stone structure . paine C ’mon - let 's finish this !! paine fire at barney , who fire back . paine c’mon , man to man ! barney heave a object at paine . paine hear a thud at he foot . look down at the round object , he eye widen in sheer panic as the object explode . CUT to : barney step forward . barney ...- man to grenade . CUT to : town many of the city 's inhabitant dash from they home and rush towards the blaze palace . CUT to : 130 . general garza and monroe traumatize , they gaze numbly at the destruction below . the only section that remains stand be the narrow seven story high tower that be the general' live quarter . the wall on both side of the tower be completely gone , exposing they to the element . CUT to : the expendables barney , christmas , kong , hale caesar and richard step from they battle position . CUT to : christmas go to sandra and help she up . richard assist miguel fuentes . CUT to : palace tower barney notice a figure stand next to garza . he face one of the bound american operative . barney ..- who 's that with garza ? american operative her name 's Monroe . barney be expression tighten . barney oh . CUT to : 131. general garza and monroe they helplessly stare down seven stories below . monroe cross to a jag ledge and stiffen at the sight of a grow mob of citizen arrive . CUT to : christmas and richard step forward with sandra and fuentes . christmas glance up at garza 's barely upright tower . christmas - how would we miss that ? miguel ( to barney ) ... thank you from myself and this people . christmas tighten the tourniquet on he wounded arm . sandra apply pressure . kong look unimpress . kong - suck it up . hale caesar wipe the sweat from he forehead . he nod towards sandra . hale caesar ( coyly ) . . ...- how be you this evening , Mam ? a deep voice be hear off screen . hulking MARK what the hell !? barney and the team swivel around . hulking MARK you be the target ?! barney yeah . hulking MARK do you know we be come ? how have you know we have be send in 24 hour early ? how ? 132 . barney just do . hulking MARK but you could not know for sure you would beat we here . how the hell do you know we eta !? barney glance at richard . richard we always train to hit we target at 5 am . CUT to : flashback ext . barney 's truck - night navy seal base barney and hulking MARK barney I want someone you have work with directly . someone you have see operate . hulking MARK - I get the guy - present hulking MARK Son of a bitch . will ( 0.s. ) what happen here ? what have you do ? barney turn and see will arrive with lickson . barney amazing . hale caesar who the hell 's he ? barney we go way back . 133. will you be on foreign soil - illegally . there 's a mandate make all of you subject to criminal arrest . barney you have no jurisdiction over here . lickson ( to will ) he 's right - only on american soil . barney ( to will ) you want to bring somebody in - a guy name Church and he friend , a german name Helmut Ernst , ' oil boy 's - he hire we to overthrow the General and take over themselves - might have a case there . will where 's the proof ? barney withdraw a micro-recorder and press the play button . recorder ( Church 's voice ) '' , .. I want General garza assassinate , I want he palace levele - '' ( click it off ) barney kind of flimsy , but it 's a start - they 'il probably be at the airfield in about 15 minute . we hear monroe 's voice call out . monroe if anyone can hear this - CUT to : 134 . general garia' balcony monroe I be not part of this - I be a american government official . CUT to : will and barney will be that Monroe ? lickson yes. CUT to : garza and monroe on the crumble palace tower . monroe ( to garza ) say something for Christ 's sake ! garza step forward . garza ( in Spanish ) everyone - you know I ! I be one of you ! one of the people who love this country , love this land , and will die before I will allow the corrupt government of the United States to enslave we people , like this woman next to I who be try to steal we country ! monroe I understand Spanish , bastard ! CUT to : barney , sandra and christmas barney glance over at sandra 's very bruise face . sandra be 135 . barney Sandra - what do you want to do with garza ? at a loss for word . miguel he should be try by the people . barney I be talk to she , presidente . christmas ( to barney ) seriously , I have a hole in my arm . barney almost do . lickson there 's a high rank agency official stand next to garza - think this through . barney okay . ( to Sandra ) want to blow garza up ? you earn it . will what you 's 1ll do be leave they both alive !! that 's what you 'il do ! I ’1l1 bring Monroe down for this ! CUT to : monroe and garza monroe be enraged and step to the edge of the crumbling tower . monroe I know there be american soldier out there , as well as mercenary who be here illegally and will be deal with - I be be hold here against my will !! I need the seal to come forward and take I into protective custody now ! CUT to : 136. barney , will and lickson they observe monroe yell in the background . lickson they ’11l both be prosecute back in the state . barney that 'il never happen , Young lady , but I 'il leave it up to you both - Fair enough ? will ... deal . barney extend he hand . though hesitant , will extend he and they shake . monroe you have the right and responsibility to escort I - CUT to : close up : barney and will 's hand unknowing , will squeeze the detonator rest in barney be palm . monroe ( continue ) - safely back to the United States without any further - booom !! a gigantic explosion rip the bottom of the tower apart , send it thunder down on monroe and garza . hale caesar ... guess we be do here . lickson oh , my God . miguel ( to barney ) we want to turn he over to the people . 137 . kong ( walk past ) better get a mop . christmas do he just blow up a '' high rank agency official . '' barney apparently . lickson ( move off ) I ' 1l be wait in the plane . will exhales heavily while idly remove he glass , which he slowly wipe clean with the bottom portion of he tie . will now what ? barney they 'il bury it like everything else - take care , will . will nod and stare at the crumble tower . will ... yeah . barney hand sandra a slip of paper . barney follow the instruction , there 's enough in the account to get thing around here go . barney hug sandra then face miguel fuentes . barney hey , watch who you do business with . ( walk off ) sandra why have you come back ? hale caesar ( pass by ) ' Cause you get ' face , 's baby , if you be ugly , you would be dead . 138 . christmas ignore the black guy . sandra you be ' tonto . 's it be foolish to come back . christmas no it be not . sandra where be you go now ? christmas Home - here , put this on - christmas pull out the three carat ruby ring that he have buy for lacy . christmas good - it fit . sandra but what do this mean ? christmas nothing really - maybe you 'il be nicer next time I come to visit - take care , Sandra . she hug then kiss christmas and he jog up to the depart team and together the expendables walk away from the palace that smolder in the background until they disappear into the darkness . CUT to : ext . hale caesar 's - night it 's late when barney exit . move toward he truck that 's park out front , he hear he name call . voice ... barney . turn , barney observe a familiar presence approach . barney track I again ? will no - nothing like that . 139 . barney any fallout over Monroe ? will ( shrug ) .-+. they bury it . barney ( nod ) you retire ? will quit - how 's business this day ? barney something on you mind ? will I do not know - I have get a lot of time on my hand . barney smile and will return the gesture . barney ... let 's walk and talk , will . the camera crane up as the one time adversary meander off into the balmy night .