extremely wicked , shockingly evil , and vile by Michael werwie base on true event numbered pre-production draft ( 12/11/17 ) current revision ( 12/21/17 ) 12/21/17 find what you love and let it kill you . --bukowski the buzzsaw powerchord of the ramone ( or something similar ) carry US through fast CUT archival footage of how the world be in the ' 70s , before it know ted bundy ... joey ramone ( v.o. ) hey ! Ho ! let 's go ! hey ! Ho ! let 's go ! it be sexy ... bell bottom ... flare ... sundress ... farrah fawcet ... david bowie ... etc . it be cool ... muscle car ... punk rock ... steve mcqueen ... iggy pop ... etc . it be eerily similar to the world today ... watergate ... vietnam ... protest ... racial tension ... terrorism ... etc . amid this iconic image , we intercut 8mm/16mm footage of all the young people at Seattle 's lake sammamish on July 14 , 1974 ... sunbathing ... swim ... laugh ... have fun ... a more innocent time back then . evil still look like '' evil '' and it be easily recognizable ... manson ... zodiac ... son of SAM ... gacy ... and therefore it be easily avoidable . but one man would change it all ... ted ( v.o. ) dear Liz . abstract shot of ... female hand open a envelope ... unfold a long , multi-page letter ... eye read ... ted ( v.o . ) this will be my last letter and if anyone deserve to hear it as it be , it 's you . gradually , the innocent scene from Lake Sam give rise to news report of the disappearance of two young woman -- Janice ott and denise naslund -- within a hour of each other , at busy Lake Sam , in the middle of broad daylight . intercut shot of ... police interview beachgoer ... detective canvass the area ... a sketch artist at work ... ted ( v.o. ) after I clear my name , which will undoubtedly require a modicum of legal wrangle , I intend to get my hand on whoever 's responsible for this unconscionable crime to ensure they never do it again . meanwhile , the ramone start to slow ... the vocal get deeper ... the song sound warped ... ted ( v.o. ) I admit , I be in a little trouble , but it 's all go to work out . intercut audio of witness give generic , if not completely contradictory , description of a suspect ... he have blond hair / he have brown hair / he be british / he be american / he drive a light car / he drive a dark car / it be metallic / it be matte / it be a volkswagen -- the most popular car in America / etc . all as the ramone continue to warp down to molass ... crossfade down as a dangerous score fade up ... ted ( v.o. ) if anything go wrong , you 'il be read about I in the papers . a newspaper thud down into frame -- with a generic look police sketch of a man . could be anyone . you neighbor . you friend . you brother . over , we hear one side of a phone call ( shoot it too ) : dispatcher ( v.o. ) King County sheriff 's Department . ( beat ) whoa , whoa , whoa , can you take a deep breath , mar ’am , slow down , and describe he for I ? ( beat ) do he look anything like the sketch ? ( beat ) a minor resemblance be still a resemblance , I guess . what kind of car do he drive ? ( beat ) let I stop you right there . it 's the right car but the wrong color . he 's not the guy . ( beat ) I understand you be afraid , but it 's not the guy . I can put he name down if it will help you sleep at night , but ... ( beat ) no , he will not find out . by now , the ramone have leave the building and we score crescendo to a unpleasant volume , churn a sense of dread in the pit of we stomach ... smash to black . ted ( v.o. ) you love give I hope . it always have . it always will . after a long beat ... the safe , soft , saccharine melody of the archy 's 1969 hit , '' sugar , sugar '' , kick in ... the archies ( v.o. ) can not believe the loveliness of loving you ... ( backup vocal ) can not believe it 's true ... int . sandpiper tavern - night 2 we be take back to ... super : 1969 . five year earlier the height of innocence and bubblegum pop . it 's lady night at a popular college bar . two frothy beer plunk down on a table crowded with empty , where liz commiserate with she best friend joanna . liz why do you have to drag I to a college bar ? I feel invisible here . joanna the best way to get over someone be to get under someone . liz no guy want to go with a single mom who work as a secretary . joanna tonight you be not a single mom , you be single . you be not a secretary , you have a secretary . and how can you be invisible if that guy 's be stare at you all night ? Liz glance across the way at someone who cause she to momentarily lose herself . we do not see he yet -- we stay on she . because she just fall in love . the archies ( v.o. ) you be my candy girl ... and you get I want you ... Liz look away . take a long pull on she beer . liz he 's not stare at I , he 's stare at the blonde on the dance floor who 's not wear a bra . joanna I think he 's come over . liz I think if I hear one more love song I be go to puke . Liz get up . stumble . she 's have a few . on she way to the jukebox , she fumble coin from she pocket which roll away . as she curse to herself and crouch to find they , two feet step up . the stranger open he palm revealing a single coin . Liz rise to meet ted . handsome . dapper . a smile that turn stranger into friend . she have yet to look away from he beautiful blue eye . we have too . he have a clean cut , preppy look compare to all the longhair . ted it 's my last dime so we better make it a good one . in the background , joanna check out he ass . give Liz emphatic approval . Liz can not find she voice . ted I have not see you here before . liz it 's the first time I have be out since I move to Seattle . ted explain the new car smell . liz no , that 's just Utah . ted that 's in Wyoming , right ? Liz hide a smile . they flip through the selection card . ted so what do you do ? work ? School ? Race car driver ? Liz glance at joanna in the background . tries out she lie : liz I make heart valve . ted I be a lawyer . ever hear of voir dire ? liz be that Latin or be you slurring too ? Ted bashfully laugh -- one of he endear quality . ted be it that obvious ? liz so what be you go to play for I , counselor ? he pretend like he 's study she . ted give it 's take you this long to leave you seat , I have say you be probably ready to move . since you need four beer to get there , I suspect you be usually too shy to dance . but you leave it up to I , so you be willing to take a risk . and see as you spend the entire night cry to you girlfriend instead of notice I notice you , I be guess probably not a love song . unless you be feel hopeful ? this guy 's good . liz how be you feel ? Ted insert the coin . punch a number . ted like we could both use some company . the open pep of '' build I up buttercup '' by the foundation rile up the place . Liz wilt in shyness . Ted pull she toward the dance floor . ted what 's the matter ? they do not have dance in Utah ? what do they call folk from Utah anyway ? utonian ? utahite ? utahcrat ? Liz consider he . his eye . his ease . his ear - to - ear grin that 's as goofy as it be charming . there 's something about he that 's magnetic . Liz downs the rest of she beer . liz ( hick voice ) utaaaaaaaahn . they laugh and start dance with complete and utter reckless abandon . with the complete innocence of youth . the foundation ( v.o. ) why do you build I up ...? buttercup , baby , just to let I down ... and mess I around ... and then worst of all ... after a while , Ted pull Liz close . feel more intimate : ted what do you say we get outta here ? liz I do not even know you name . ted but you already feel like you have know I all you life . liz how do you know that ? ted because I feel the same . the electricity be undeniable . each sizzling with desire , he lean in to kiss she ... liz wait . I do not make heart valve . ted ( shrug ) I be not a lawyer . then , as if the world disappear around they , they kiss . the foundation ( v.o. ) buttercup , do not break my heart ... ext . sandpiper tavern - night 3 they stumble out laugh , head for Liz 's car . ted I be apply to law school after I graduate -- if I ever finish my chinese Studies major , that be . liz do that mean you speak chinese ? ted wo zai sho-hua . liz what do you just say ? Ted shrug . they both laugh . Liz , clearly the drunker one , miss the keyhole on she car . ted ( John Wayne impression ) now , listen here , pilgrim . a cowboy never let a lassie drive drunk . life be hard , but it 's harder if you be stupid , and gettin’ behind that wheel be ri-god - damn -diculous . so hand ‘em here , or I be gonna hafta frisk ya’ . she teasingly hide she key behind she back so he have to put he arm around she to get they . ext . upscale neighborhood - night 4 Ted 's vw bug pull over in a nice neighborhood . liz ( v.0 . ) why be we stop ? ted ( v.o. ) I wanna show you something . hold on the idling engine of Ted 's bug . time CUT : Ted and Liz stroll arm - in - arm through the upscale neighborhood , brown - bag a bottle of wine , he coat around she , comfortably close now . ted someday , when I be a big - wig lawyer , I be go to buy one of this house . liz there 's one I like , it 's big , with a brick chimney , and a view of the puget sound , not far from here . ted I can see it already -- warm fire on cold Seattle night , barbeque in the backyard with friend ... liz and a mercede in the driveway ? ted we should get a dog too ! a big one that we can take on hike with we . in fact , I can hear he bark now . do you hear it ? he make she listen to the peaceful night breeze -- then bark really loud in she ear , scare she half to death . they laugh and cuddle , the star infinite and bright above . int . liz' house - night 5 they arrive at she front door . Ted wait expectantly but Liz look hesitant about invite he in . ted guess I better get go . his disappointment be palpable . Liz be obviously conflict . then the front door open , revealing a high school girl with she coat and backpack . Liz blushes , embarrassed . high school girl sorry to interrupt , but you say you would be back two hour ago and I have school tomorrow . liz Ted , this be Rachel . my sitter . ( then ) I understand if you want to go . Liz brace for rejection like she 's use to it . ted why on earth would I want to do that ? Liz sigh with relief . int . liz 's bedroom - night 6 Ted and Liz look in on she baby , asleep in a crib . liz be you sure you do not want to run ? ted only if it 's after you . she smile . they lay down on the bed , fully clothed . she put she head on he chest and close she eye . they fall asleep together . tender , sweet , and innocent . fade to black . int . liz 's bedroom - day 7 sunlight flood the room . Liz be sprawle out in bed . as she wake , the night 's event start to come back to she . she look over at the other side of the bed -- it 's empty . and so be the crib . Liz dash out in a panic -- int . kitchen - day 8 -- as Ted turn around with a knife , chopping omelette veggy , coo at Liz 's baby in a high chair . a idyllic , domestic scene with brilliant morning light saturate everything . he flash that smile again when he notice liz. ted you look so pretty sleep , I do not want to -- she cut he off with a kiss . this be what love look like . smash to : 10 11 12 13 10 . extremely wicked , shockingly evil , and vile begin title sequence : a collage of photo and home movie that show the blossoming of a spectacular relationship : two beautiful young lover ... a baby that 's grow up ... holiday ... vacation ... birthdays ... ticket stub ... a love we all hope for . the image start to come faster , the passage of time show by the baby grow into a little girl , faster , faster still ... smash to : ext . suburban STREET - night 9 a volkswagen bug sputter by dark house in the pre-dawn hour . super : Utah . six year later . int . volkswagen bug - continuous 10 Ted 's hunch over the wheel , drive the quiet , dark street . his hair be longer , shaggier now . in he rearview , he notice another car tailing he , which he can only make as a silhouette behind the headlight . Ted give it a little gas but the other car keep pace . suddenly the high beam flip on . he squint from the reflection in he rearview . scare now , Ted punch it . ext . suburban STREET - continuous 11 the volkswagen bug accelerate . the pursue car keep pace . Ted burn through a stop sign . only then do we realize that the pursue car be a cop ! int . volkswagen bug - continuous 12 Red and blue light play over Ted 's face . he curse and steer over . ext . suburban STREET - continuous 13 Ted cut the engine and get out . he stroll to the rear of he car as the cop pull in behind . Ted shrug , flash that million dollar smile -- now become familiar to we . ted ( sheepishly ) I guess I be lose . 11 . the cop be bob hayward , a no -nonsense highway patrol veteran on the tail end of he shift . smile do not work on he . officer hayward you run two stop sign , son . ted I do apologize , Officer , but I could not make you car with the headlight in my eye and , well , I guess I get spook . officer hayward get a license ? Ted produce he id . officer hayward what 's a kid from Seattle do in Granger , Utah this time of morning ? ted I catch a late movie at the redwood but I obviously miss the interstate on my way home . this subdivision , man ... officer hayward must have be a good movie , drive all the way from Washington . ted I live in Salt Lake now . I ’ma law student at the University of Utah . hayward pan he flashlight inside Ted 's car . ted ( small talk ) my girlfriend life in Seattle . I be go to propose once I graduate . right now , I be just try to save money for a ring so I would really appreciate get off without a ticket , if you can find the heart . officer hayward what have you see tonight ? 14 15 16 17 12 . ted the tower inferno . hayward pan the flashlight back on Ted . smash to : handcuff snap around Ted 's wrist . hayward shut Ted in the back of a squad car . int . interrogation room - night 14 Ted laugh , shaking he head at the absurdity of event as hayward remove item from a black canvas duffle bag ... ted it 's just junk I pick up around the house , I swear . garbage bag ... flashlight ... glove ... rope ... ( note : additional item need to be shot ; see end montage . ) '' possession of burglary tool , '' read the arrest report . officer hayward ever be to the town of Murray ? int . line up room 15 Ted and seven doppelganger file into a lineup face they own reflection in a two - way mirror . Ted step forward , turn profile , swallow hard . int . photo room 16 Ted turn for a mug shot , eye ringed with shock . judge hanson ( pre - lap ) you be hereby charge with aggravate kidnap and attempt criminal assault . the flash bulb pop . int . district court - arraignment hearing - day 17 Ted stand for arraignment , face drain of color . judge hanson ( 0.s. ) Trial be set for the twenty - third of February . ( more ) 18 19 13 . judge hanson ( 0.s. ) ( cont 'd ) you shall remain in the custody of the Salt Lake County sheriff 's Department . bail be set at one hundred thousand dollar . the gavel - pound . int . university medical division - day 18 Liz type at she desk . a framed picture of she and Ted catch in a moment of uncontrollable laughter beside . jerry ( 0.s. ) hey Liz , be not this you boyfriend ? Liz 's work neighbor jerry -- unassume , kinda shlubby -- lean over to show she a newspaper . what she see stun she . she start to feel uncomfortable when she notice coworker look at she . ( she 's the only woman who work here . ) int . interview room - utah - day 19 Ted 's lawyer JOHN o'connell enter in he usual cowboy hat and boot . he 's tall , bearded , with overgrown black hair . ted John , what the hell be go on ? JOHN o'connell let 's start on November 8th , 1974 . ted if I can not remember where I be on a random night one year ago , it 's because my memory do not improve with time . it 's safe to say what I be not do , however . I be not have heart surgery , nor be I take ballet lesson , nor be I in Mexico , nor be I abduct a complete stranger . JOHN o'connell a alibi would be the best first step . ted I do not even know this woman ! my heart go out to she because that be a truly awful thing for anyone to have go through , but she 's obviously mistake I for someone else . 14 . JOHN o'connell the good news be there 's no physical evidence and eye witness testimony be precarious at best . ted why be this happen ? JOHN o'connell you remember anything about two girl disappear at a lake last year in Seattle ? ted ( search ) yeah , I remember a police sketch of the suspect in the paper -- all my friend tease I about a resemblance . no one be serious , though . JOHN o'connell someone must have be because you name land on a list . when the Utah police get wind of that , they start look at you with more serious eye because a similar thing have be happen here . ted I have a girlfriend , who have a young daughter , both of whom I love dearly . I would never hurt a woman . JOHN o'connell there be twelve hundred name on that list and last I check , brown hair and blue eye be hardly grounds for conviction . it 's a open and shut case , as far as I be concerned . let I do what I do best and in the end it 's 1ll be nothing more than a funny story you tell at cocktail party . you be posting tomorrow . ted my bail 's a hundred grand . JOHN o'connell for a boyscout with no prior ? I knock it down to fifteen . 20 21 22 15 . ted I do not have fifteen . JOHN o'connell you pal in the Washington State governor 's office pass a hat around . you think Utah 's top defense attorney work pro bono ? Ted smile . finally good news . pouring rain ( pre - lap ) int . kitchen - liz 's house - day 20 wine pour into a glass . Liz anxiously bounce she knee at the table with the newspaper Jerry show she laid out before she . she take a big drink . also at the table , she daughter molly ( now 8 ) draw a picture of a shark with crayon . the doorbell ring . before Molly get up -- liz stay here . int . foyer - day 21 Liz open the door , revealing Ted hold a newspaper over he head in the rain . as he take she face in he hand to kiss she -- she slap he . ted Jesus , Liz ! what be that for ? Liz show he the newspaper he be use as a umbrella . he 's mortify by the headline . liz how many stop sign do you run ? int . live room - moment later 22 we finally see the newspaper : '' Seattle man arrested in Utah '' with ted ’'s mugshot . pick up mid-argument : ted you do not actually believe this garbage , do you ? ( more ) 16 . ted ( cont 'd ) for chrissake , Liz , I do not know if I should be offended or roll on the floor laugh . liz it 's in all the papers , Ted . ted that must make it true then . in six year , have I ever laid a hand on you ? when we go shopping for ski rack and that lady get she purse snatch , what do I do ? what do I do , Liz ?! liz you run he down . ted ( be : newspaper ) be that the behavior of a man who do this ? Jesus , Liz . you wanna search my bag too ? Liz break down cry . ted ( soften ) come here , stupid . Ted pull she into a hug . ted I do not tell you because I do not want you to freak out . it 's not exactly something to say over the phone . and , honestly , I be embarrassed . it 's all a big misunderstanding . I know it 's hard be apart , but we only have four semester stand between we and we place on the sound with a mercede and a dog , just like we always dream . the moment 's interrupt when Molly charge in , excited to see Ted . molly Ted ! ted monkey ! I miss you so much ! 23 Ted scoops she up , sling she over he shoulder , she up and down . ted sack o’ potato ! sack o’ potato ! Molly laugh hysterically . it 's they game . ted ( to Molly ) I miss you so much , monkey . what do you say we get cheeseburger and root beer float tonight , and be big fatso ? molly can we go to the pepper pod , Mom ? can we , can we , can we ? ted yeah , can we , mommy ? Liz consider Ted and Molly . a precious sight . ted ( reassure , to Liz ) it 's just a big misunderstanding . I have get it all under control . Liz finally soften . she believe he . int . hamburger stand - night 17 . and bounce 23 Ted and Liz talk over cheeseburger and fries while Molly color with crayon on butcher paper . ted you can ask I anything you want . molly do you do it , Ted ? ted no , monkey . and I hire the best defense attorney in Utah and he say this case have no leg . it 's all go to be throw out . liz why do she pick you out of the lineup ? 18. ted my lawyer find out the police show she my picture beforehand -- twice . so of course I look familiar to she . but that 's not the worst part . what happen in Utah be not dumb luck , Liz . the police already have my name . someone give it to they . liz ( beat ) who would do that to you ? ted I be sure I make a few enemy the year I work the rockefeller campaign , but that be politics . this be personal . it do not add up , Liz . the traffic stop , sure -- that be wrong place , wrong time -- but the way it escalate ? what the hell be '' burglary tool '' anyways ? there be nothing in my car you would not also find in you own house right now . only reason it be in there be because I be clean up before you visit . now , suddenly I be on trial , it 's in all the papers , and my name 's be smear before I even have a chance to clear it . ( look past she ) see that car over there ? it 's be follow I since I get back . ( lean in ) i_think I be be set up . a sense of paranoia build as Liz turn to look ... until she 's startle by -- molly ( 0.s. ) done ! Molly show they a crayon shark drawing she just do . molly it 's a thresher shark . they have a tail as long as they whole body . ted they do ?! how do you get so smart , monkey ? 24 19 . molly I read a lot . Ted tickle Molly , as Liz look at the dark sedan out the window Ted be refer to . she look worried for Ted . over the din of a cocktail reception : ross davis ( pre - lap ) hold on to this one , honey . he 'il be governor himself one day . int . HOTEL banquet room - night 24 a Republican fundraiser . ross davis , Chairman of the WA State Republican Party , sling he arm around Ted , boast to Liz . ross davis this man single - handedly get Dan Evans re-elect . Ted secretly roll he eye at Liz . he excuse himself to steal away with Liz for a moment . ted I know how you hate this thing so I will not be completely tear up if you want to leave . liz I be fine . ted great . then you will not mind if I do ? liz this people raise money for you defense ! ted and I be grateful , but c’mon , I have have yawn more exciting than this . liz we do need to get the sitter home by ten , but I think I be drop you at the law library to get ready for trial ? carole ann ( 0.s. ) welcome home , stranger . 20 . they be interrupt by a tall woman in thick , tinted glass , who hug ted. pretty in a boyish way , she name be carole ann boone . ted carole Ann ! my goodness . how be you ? have you meet my girlfriend Liz ? ( to Liz ) carole Ann and I work together at des in olympia year ago . ( to carole Ann ) how 's you son ? carole ann he just turn eight . liz oh , that 's my daughter 's age . ( joke ) maybe they 's 1l date . ted ( excuse himself ) will you excuse we a second , carole Ann ? Ted walk Liz to the exit . liz how will you get to the library ? ted I just squeeze fifteen grand out of the Republican Party , I be sure I can hitch a ride . he pretend to bite she nose . Liz smile . completely in love . as she exit , Ted see she off ... then carole Ann mosey over next to he . carole ann she seem great . ted she 's the best . Liz be my rock . carole ann everything 's go to be okay , you know . the young Republican who work the suicide prevention hotline ? how many life have you save , for godsake ? ( more ) 25 26 27 28 21 . carole ann ( cont 'd ) whoever this woman accuse you be , I be sure she 's just mixing you up with another handsome stranger . there 's a awkward pause . Ted smile bashfully . carole Ann have a noticeable spark in she eye for Ted . carole ann if you need anything -- anything at all ... Ted blushes , register the roaring sexual tension . omitted 25 int . UW law library - night 26 Ted enter the law library . all the girl turn they head , one by one , watch he pass . one girl watch he from over she newspaper . Ted send they all friendly smile and wink , loving every second . int . bathroom / bedroom - night 27 Liz brushes she tooth before bed , as she eye land on ted 's suitcase . she go to it , think for a beat , then look through clothes , toiletry , check book , etc . nothing out of the ordinary . she smell he clothes . off she ambiguous look ... int . bookstacks - UW law library - night 28 Ted browse legal tome . a attractive girl catch he eye through the horizontal gap in the bookshelf . they can only see each other 's eye . she smile at he . Ted smile back . moment later , she nudge a book from she side , jutting out the oppose book on Ted 's side . Ted debate , then return a nudge of he own . they repeat this exchange , a flirtation like piano keys down the shelf , until they get to the end where there be no more book and they finally see each other 's face . they be both startle by a security guard ... security guard Sir , will you come with I please ? angle on -- the girl read the newspaper , watch Ted get escort out , as the camera land on ted 's mugshot . 29 30 22 . ext . UW law library - night 29 Ted protest as he 's escort out . ted I be a alumnus of this school ! security guard look , buddy , you seem like a nice guy , but you be make the girl nervous . ted what do they think I be go to do , knock ‘em over the head and attack ‘em in the bookstack ? the guard shut the door on ted. fuming , Ted spot a similar dark sedan across the street . the same one , or different ? we can not tell . he march up to it . Bangs on the window . ted hey ! who be you ? I know you be follow I ! the car start up and drive away . ted who send you ?! as it speed off into the darkness , Ted fill with anger . paranoia . fear . he stand in the quiet night ... alone . int . liz' bedroom - night 30 Dead of night . Liz be fast asleep . she stir , squint she eye open ... and realize someone 's sit next to she under the sheet with a light on . she scream ! jump up ! Ted startles out from under the sheet . flashlight in he hand . surprise by Liz 's reaction . liz ( be : flashlight ) what be you do ? Ted show she a paperback he 's read . astute viewer may notice it 's Capote 's in cold blood . ted reading . 31 23 . liz with a flashlight under the sheet ? ted I do not want to wake you . they realize the absurdity of the situation and break into laughter . as Liz start to catch she breath ... ted I think we should get marry . Liz lose she breath completely . ext . mountain - day 31 two skier zzzzzzzzoooooommmm past in a blur . Ted and Liz cut down a daunt double black diamond . Liz pull ahead . Ted crouch lower . gain ground . neck and neck , fast approach the finish ... ... Liz win by a hair ! she taunt he in celebration . he tackle she in the snow and kiss she int . hallway - salt lake CITY courthouse - day Ted and Liz meet o’connell outside the courtroom on they way in . Ted 's clean shaven in a light blue / gray suit , white shirt , and bow tie -- and noticeably tanner . JOHN o'connell where would you fly in from , Barbados ? ted Liz and I hit the slope yesterday . we be engage ! once we win this thing , I might just make you my best man . liz ( be : o’connell 's beard ) you will have to shave for we wedding photo , of course . wo not you scare the jury with that thing ? JOHN o'connell if we have one . we waive it . local press all but convict he so a impartial jury be hard to find . 33 24 . liz ( to Ted ) you waive the jury ? should not we have talk about this ? ted it 's a good thing , Liz . JOHN o'connell the whole case hinge on eyewitness testimony which be notoriously unreliable , but the most likely thing for a jury to convict on . ted that 's why we be put it all in the hand of the judge . JOHN o'connell hanson 's a fair-minded guy with a reputation for controversial acquittal . I go to school with the sonofabitch . ted ( to o’connell ) you be really go to shave for the wedding ? JOHN o'connell blow I . int . room 310 - salt lake CITY courthouse - day 33 judge hanson preside over a high -ceiling courtroom . no jury in the box . Ted find Liz in the sparse gallery . send she a wink as the prosecutor david yocom deliver he open statement . david yocom you honor , November 8th , 1974 may have be just another rainy night for most of Murray , Utah , but it be a life - alter tornado of horror for one woman in particular . she be shopping for a birthday gift at the fashion place Shopping mall when she be approach by a man pose as a police officer . he flashed a badge and ask she to come with he . ( more ) 34 25 . david yocom ( cont 'd ) as the daughter of a police officer , she feel foolish to question he authority , so she follow he to the parking lot where he lead she to what he claim to be a unmark police vehicle . when he drive in the opposite direction of the police department , she know she be in trouble . when he slap a handcuff around she wrist , she know she be in danger . fortunately , before he could latch the other , she twisted free and fle for she life . ( beat ) then he pursue she with a crowbar . the courtroom suddenly drop a few degree . int . room 310 - salt lake CITY courthouse - later 34 carol daronch , a soft -feature , 19 - year old , strawberry blonde girl , relive the pain of that night . carol daronch I be kick he , and scream . he hold a small black gun to my head and say , '' if you do not stop scream , I be go to kill you . I will blow you brain out . '' I fall backward out of he car , and I run as fast as I could . david yocom as best you recall , Carol , be that man present in court today ? carol daronch yes . david yocom where be he seat ? she timidly look toward Ted , who look equally sympathetic and incredulous . Liz send he support from the gallery . david yocom let the record show the identification of the defendant . no further question , you honor . Ted 's lawyer JOHN o'connell rise in he usual cowboy hat and boot . he 's out for blood . 26 . JOHN o'connell Ms. daronch , it be you testimony now that you do scratch this man ? carole daronch all my fingernails be break . JOHN o'connell yet in the preliminary hearing Mr. yocom ask , '' do you recall ever scratch he with that fingernails ? '' and you answer , '' no . '' do you have a explanation for that ? carol daronch no . JOHN o'connell in fact , the officer on November 8th ask if you remember if you hurt the man in any way , and you tell they no then too , do not you ? carol daronch I do not remember . JOHN o'connell you also say he have a mustache . but shortly after the incident you say he do not . then sometime later you decide he do again ? carol daronch yes . JOHN o'connell when do you make that decision ? carol daronch right after I decide that he do not have one . JOHN o'connell Ms. daronch , have the police show you any picture of the defendant prior to you identification of he at the October 2nd lineup ? carol daronch yes. 27 . JOHN o'connell you do in fact pick he picture out of a pile . but when ask why you choose he picture specifically , you state , '' it look something like he , but I really could not say for sure . '' daronch look down . tear up . JOHN o'connell tell I , Ms. daronch . if you be unsure of you identification then , ten month after the incident , what make you so sure of it now , nearly a_year and a half later ? daronch be at a complete loss . time CUT : now Ted 's on the witness stand -- dapper , relaxed , and confident . Liz send he encouragement from the gallery . david yocom do you remember the night of August 16th , 1975 ? ted ( smile ) be not that why we be all here ? a few laugh in the courtroom . not even a grin from yocom . david yocom you be arrest for flee a officer . JOHN o'connell objection , you honor . david yocom you be arrest for evade a officer . JOHN o'connell objection . ted how about rabbite ? david yocom Fine . why do you '' rabbit '' from Officer hayward ? 28 . ted the truth ? david yocom only that which you swore to tell in whole and nothing but . ted ( matter-of -factly ) I be smoking marijuana . o' connell nearly leap out of he chair . JOHN o'connell objection ! you honor , I have like to request a five minute conference with my cli -- ted it 's okay , John . ( to yocom ) I be smoking grass and have to air out the car . I be only grateful the officer do not notice I flick it out the window or he have have stick I with littering too and then I would really be up a creek . chuckle in the court . 0o 's connell 's about to faint . david yocom but you withheld this detail from you arrest officer , and apparently even you own attorney . ted I be embarrassed . david yocom that may be , sir , but at the end of the day a lie be a lie . Ted sheepishly grin , the gravity of he candor sink in . 35 int . JOHN o’connell 's office - day 35 O'Connell barge in , follow by Ted and Liz . JOHN o'connell stone ?! ted now , John , let 's just relax here . 29 . JOHN o'connell do you realize you just take a dump on we entire defense ? the game plan be keep you mouth shut and stick to the script . ted I will not sit there like a stuff shirt while the state distort all the fact . they be railroad I ! JOHN o'connell you grandstand take precedence over basic strategy and now it 's all but do you in . liz people respect honesty . I think it be courageous . the truth be always the way to go . JOHN o'connell in court , truth be what you leave out -- especially when it 's a liability . liz it 's go to turn out fine . I know it . I have a feel . JOHN o'connell it 's in the judge 's hand now . all we can do be hope . Liz take Ted 's hand as a melancholy fall over the room . ext . dog pound - day Ted and Liz walk up to a dog pound . liz be you sure you want to do this now ? ted if not now , when ? just because we do not have we house on the sound , do not mean we can not look for the dog ... Ted open the door for Liz . 36 37 30 . i/e. dog pound - day 36 Ted and Liz look at dog in cage . liz ( be : a specific dog ) what about this guy ? he look like a good roommate . Ted do not respond -- he 's distract by all this animal in cage . a ominous a reminder of he very possible future . liz Earth to Ted ... ted he 's right . this thing should have be a slam dunk . why could not I just keep my mouth shut ? liz if you could do that we never would have meet . her attempt to lighten the mood fall flat . she notice Ted 's hand shaking . she take it in hers . know she need to be the strong one now . ted no matter what happen , promise you will not leave I , Liz . I do not know what I would do without you . liz I would never . the barking in the background get louder and more primal . he stare they down . int . ted' apartment - night 37 warm , intimate tone . Close , intimate shot : a half - empty bottle of tequila . a salt shaker . chew up lime . a turntable play a love song . Ted 's pet plant '' fern . '' Ted and Liz fool around -- drunk , giggle , undress each other in a romantically playful way . as it start to get heavy -- he grab she by the hair . she gasp in exhilaration . it 's hot . two beautiful people in passionate throes . Ted throw she on the bed . his eye fix in a primal stare . Liz stare back in a hot combination of fear and desire ... 38 39 31 . as Ted go in for the kill . int . ted 's apartment - later 38 Ted and Liz catch they breath in twisted sheet , share a joint , look like they just get fuck by a tornado . liz what be that ? ted '' last night of freedom '' sex ? she shoot he a look . liz too soon . a gavel clack ... ( pre - lap ) int . room 310 - salt lake CITY courthouse - day 39 restless murmur die down to eerie silence . judge hanson look out over the courtroom . Ted and Liz make flirty eye from a distance . last night still on they mind . judge hanson after a agonizing weekend ponder the argument present in this courtroom , and by the power vested in I as both judge and jury , I hereby find the defendant guilty of aggravate kidnap beyond a reasonable doubt . Liz 's blood run cold . her entire world flip upside down . judge hanson you will be remand to the Utah State prison to await sentencing . this court be adjourned . clack ! a court deputy handcuffs Ted , shell - shocked . Liz move toward he but another deputy hold she back . liz ( cry ) Ted ... ted everything 's go to be okay , Liz . liz Ted , I be sorry ... 32 . ted do not give up on I , Liz . I be go to fix this . I promise ! liz Ted , I be sorry ! she stretch to touch he , but court deputy pull he away . we stay with liz ... watch she heart and soul rip away . crying . two lover . torn apart . 40 ext . utah state prison - day 40 Gates open to a drab , geometric compound coiled in razor wire . 41 int . processing - day 4l Ted strip for a medical inspection while Jimmy Carter 's victory speech play on a tv . 42 int . prison cell - day 42 Ted carry prison - issue bedding and amenity and take in the spartan dig as the door lock behind he . liz ( pre - lap ) ( phone-filtered ) be it scary ? 43 int . prison phonebank - night 43 on the phone , Ted try to shield the sound of a off-screen fight between inmate . ted let 's just say man convict of crime against woman have a short shelf life in here . everyone be line up to see I when I arrive . they make I walk the gauntlet . intercut with : 44 int . liz' hallway - night 44 Liz sit with a glass of wine , imagine the worst , while Molly play with rubber shark toy in the tub . ted this whole thing be go to be overturn , Liz . ( more ) 33 . ted ( cont 'd ) we have already file a appeal . I have be work day and night on it . how 's Molly ? liz ask she yourself ... Liz bring the phone into the bathroom for Molly . molly how 's Jamaica , Ted ? ted ( go with it ) uh , just like the postcard , monkey . what be you do ? molly play with shark . when be you come home ? ted soon as they print more plane ticket , monkey . they run outta ink ! I sure do miss you . Liz take the phone back and return to the hallway . ted Jamaica ? liz I be catch off guard . ted everything 's go to be okay , Liz . liz I want to come see you . ted I be hope you have say that . they each find smile despite the distance . they connection remain strong as ever . 45 int . prison library - night 45 Ted work late into the night annotate ream of legal file . a man in a suit approach . better dress than a guard , not as polished as a lawyer . man in a suit mind if I join you ? 34 . Ted offer he a seat . glimpsis a detective 's badge on he belt . we will learn he 's detective mike fisher . det . mike fisher what 's cha up to ? ted indexing seven hundred page of testimony . det . mike fisher sound fun . ted not when it 's about you . det . mike fisher ever be to Colorado , Ted ? ted my lawyer tell I not to talk to cop . det . mike fisher my badge give I away ? ted no , you five dollar haircut and complete disregard for my time . what 's you game ? I be kind of busy . det . mike fisher do you say seven hundred page ? ted the longest yarn ever spun . det . mike fisher this be no yarn , pal . ted then why do it all unravel if you pull at any one thread ? ( rattling it off ) ( more ) 35 . ted ( cont 'd ) it be a nonconsensual search , there be nothing in my car you would not also find in you own garage , they show my picture twice to the accuser before put I in a unfair lineup next to seven other guy who look nothing like I , all the evidence be circumstantial , the witness be unreliable , she contradict herself multiple time , and she 's on record say she 's only ninety percent certain it be I . det . mike fisher ninety percent sound pretty certain . ted a standard interpretation of '' beyond a reasonable doubt '' be , '' if after a consideration of the evidence , you be ninety - five percent certain that the defendant be guilty , you must acquit , because there be reasonable doubt . '' not even she could have find I guilty ! Fisher grin . impress . det . mike fisher sound like one whale of a tale , Ted , and I be sure you be go to run the table on they , but all I really want to know be if you ever set foot in you friendly neighbor to the east . ted mister , I be a full - time law student . I hardly have time to step off campus . det . mike fisher be that a no ? ted I should get back to plotting my escape . Fisher stand . button he jacket . 46 36 . det . mike fisher you be . ted sorry ? det . mike fisher you be a full - time law student . and for the record , my game be homicide . catch ya’ soon . Fisher knock on the table and walk away . ted I can give you the number of a good barber . ( under breath ) asshole . Ted watch he go . int . university medical division - day 46 Liz stare at that frame picture of she and Ted laugh . her work neighbor Jerry discreetly lean over ... jerry Liz , you have a call on line two . Liz look at the blinking light on she phone . she pick up . talk in a whisper : liz University Medical division . det . mike fisher ( v.o. ) hi , Liz , this be detective Mike Fisher . do you have a moment ? liz ( beat ) what about ? det . mike fisher ( v.o. ) I think you know what it 's about . Liz turn away from Jerry . liz ( even quieter ) they tell I he be clear . det . mike fisher ( v.o. ) who do ? 47 liz the Seattle police . det . mike fisher ( v.o. ) I do not work in Seattle . I work in Colorado . liz I be sorry , there 's nothing I can help you with . det . mike fisher ( v.o. ) Ms. kendall , it 's my understanding you have be cooperate with Seattle authority ? liz ( beat ) please do not call I anymore . Liz hang up . field a look from Jerry . she return 37 . to that frame picture of she and Ted laugh . concern set in . int . visitation room - day Ted enter in good spirit , all thing consider . 47 his chain jangle . his lawyer o’connell wait , look serious . ted give I good news , John . do the appeal go through ? JOHN o'connell I tell you not to talk to anyone . ted I do not . JOHN o'connell you do not tell a homicide detective you have never be to Colorado ? ted the guy with the hair ? JOHN o'connell he have you gas slip . he know you be lie . he be bait you . he 's go to extradite you for murder . like all the air get suck out of the room . * 38 . ted but I do not lie . JOHN o'connell you have never be to Colorado ? ted I be a avid skier , John , of course I have be to Colorado . Liz and I have be all around Colorado . but I do not tell he I have , and I do not tell he I have not . I do not tell he anything . he 's put word in my mouth ! JOHN o'connell he 's transfer you to aspen where the state will establish cause to go to trial . ted since when be it a crime to go to Colorado ? JOHN o’connell since detective in surround state start look for commonality in they open case and find way to make you fit . ted John , you have to stop this . they be railroad I ! JOHN o'connell I be not license in Colorado . I can give you name of good counsel , but they be expensive . otherwise , they 'il provide you with a public defender . Ted look like he just get punch in the gut . JOHN o'connell do you learn nothing from you trial ? when you do not know the angle , you keep you mouth shut . ted how bad be it ? 48 49 39 . JOHN o'connell they be not say , but my advice ? if you can not pound on the fact , pound on the table . o' connell snap shut he briefcase and get up . off Ted , alone . Shell - shocked . omitted 48 int . liz' house - night 49 joanna watch Liz pour a double vodka . they keep they voice down because Molly 's sleep . joanna ( be : vodka ) bad day ? liz Ted 's on he way to Colorado . joanna Colorado ? Liz take a big gulp . joanna it 's about a miss girl , be not it ? liz it 's a mistake , jo . joanna the news say Seattle PD 's look at he in connection to that two girl who disappear from Lake Sam that one summer . remember that sketch in the paper that look like he ? liz that sketch look like everyone . joanna they be say he 's on a suspect list . liz there be over thirty thousand name at one point . every brown - haire guy with a volkswagen bug . ( more ) 50 51 52 40 . liz ( cont 'd ) it 's a mistake -- the police tell I he be clear -- twice . joanna how do you even know that ? and why be he in jail ? and how do he name get on that list in the first place ? liz ( beat ) I think you should leave . Liz downs the rest of she drink . she pour another . joanna watch , concerned by Liz 's behavior , then go . int . liz' shower - night 50 Liz sit in the shower , cry uncontrollably beneath the stream . ext . colorado highway - day 51 the correction van approach the picturesque Rockies . ext . pitkin county courthouse - day over a establish shot ... judge lohr ( pre - lap ) this proceedings be a preliminary hearing to rule whether there exist sufficient evidence to require a trial . int . pitkin courtroom - day 52 the gallery have more people than the Utah trial , include local reporter and photographer . Ted sit with he new public defender , the young jim duma , whose youth and inexperience will make John o’connell seem like a jedi master in comparison . ( note : any time Ted be in court he will be in civilian clothes since he be not convict of anything . he 's get a awesome sweater / turtleneck / bow tie collection . ] District attorney frank tucker stand before judge lohr . 53 54 41 . d.a. frank tucker you honor , the state of Colorado seek to prosecute the defendant to the fullest extent of the law for the murder of caryn Campbell , who disappear from a well - light hallway at the Wildwood Inn in aspen on January 12 , 1975 . a month later , she nude body be find in a snowbank several mile away . she be kill by blow to she head with a blunt instrument that leave distinctive linear grove depression on she skull . therefore , the state would like to enter into record the defendant 's most recent conviction in Utah in the attempt abduction of a young woman with a crowbar bear a unmistakable similarity in shape to the skull fracture find on Ms. Campbell . Ted kick Dumas under the table -- do something . jim duma uh , objection , you honor . Dumas stand before he know what he 's go to say . Ted write something on a piece of paper for he . jim duma uh , you honor , this be a baseless and desperate ploy to conjoin nonexistent area of commonality between two separate case in two separate state . judge lohr ( beat ) sustain . Ted breathes a sigh of relief . that be close . a small victory in a bigger ballgame . we hear camera shutter . int . hallway - later 53 deputy westerlund , step out into the hallway to smoke as the pre-trial continue ... int . pitkin courtroom - day 54 a female witness point off-screen . 42 . female witness that 's he , you honor . judge lohr ma’am , be you sure you see caryn Campbell in the corridor of the Wildwood Inn with that man ? female witness no doubt in my mind , you honor . reveal she 's not point at Ted , but undersheriff BEN myer . a eruption of camera shutter as murmur ripple through the room . Ted suppress a smile . there may be hope after all . 55 int . university medical division - day 55 Liz huddle on the phone , look like hell , nursing a split headache . she try to speak quietly at work . ted ( v.o. ) ( filter ) guess where I be . liz where ? ted ( v.o . ) no , really , guess . liz I do not know , Ted . ted ( v.o. ) not even one guess ? liz how the hell should I know ? she field a glance from Jerry . turn away , embarrassed . intercut with : 56 int . law library - pitkin courthouse - day 56 Ted spin around in a swivel chair . ted well if you be go to be a spoilsport about it ... I be sit in the law library of the aspen courthouse . can you hear my chain jangling ? 43 . liz no , Ted . I can not . ted that 's because I be not wear any ! widen to reveal -- Ted at a long , lacquer wooden table , with no restraint . aside from deputy westerlund guard the door , he 's alone . ted I convinced the judge to make I co - counsel which mean I have all the privilege of a lawyer . they give I a typewriter , a desk , trip to the library , and uncensor use of the phone . the other prisoner think I be some big-wig ! Ted watch westerlund step out into the hall for a smoke . westerlund stay nearby , hit on a young woman . liz can we talk later ? I have a headache and I have to work . she hang up . after a beat , the phone ring again . liz ( answer ) University Medical division . ted I want to tell you about this book . have you hear of Papillon ? liz a book ? ted it 's about a guy wrongfully convict of a terrible crime and sentence to life -- liz Goodbye , Ted . she hang up . the phone ring again . patience wear thin : liz what ? 57 58 44 , ted he obsess over the day he will be free again , spend year hatching escape , get catch , punish , beat , and betrayed , but he never lose hope . that 's my wish for we , Liz -- that we never lose hope . liz ( beat ) do he make it out ? ted I be not go to ruin the end . liz ( soften ) call I tonight . she hang up . a small smile linger . omitted 57 int . liz 's bedroom - night 58 Liz be on the phone with Ted . a glass of wine nearby . she absently switch on and off a lamp as they talk : on ... off ... on ... off ... ted what 's wrong ? you seem distant . liz would you still love I if you find out something awful you do not know ? on ... off ... ted Liz , you be scare I . be you sure you be okay ? liz I do not know if I can stand another trial , Ted . it 's too painful to go through again . 59 60 45 . ted it 's not a trial , it 's a preliminary hearing to establish cause to go to trial , which will not happen because the evidence be all fabricate and the eyewitness pick out the wrong guy . they be go to throw this out and send I back to Utah -- which be still under appeal -- where I ’1l1 finally show it for what it be -- a witch hunt . have you buy you plane ticket yet ? liz ( again ) I can not do another trial , Ted . ted you have to come , Liz . promise you will come . ( beat ) Liz ? promise you will come ! off Liz , stare . on ... off . int . law library - pitkin courthouse - same 59 still wait on she answer , Ted hear she hang up . or do they get disconnect ? either way , it worry he . court deputy ( pre - lap ) all rise ! int . pitkin courtroom - day 60 Ted look very distract . first time he look anything but confident in court . judge lohr as a pretrial , we be not here to consider the credibility of the evidence , only its existence , therefore this court rule in favor of the defendant stand trial for the murder of caryn Campbell . hard smash into Ted 's horror-stricken incredulity . d.a. frank tucker you honor , the state also seek a hearing to consider the death penalty should the trial come to that phase . 61 62 63 46 . judge lohr we will determine that at a later date . for now , the defendant shall be hold without bail . this court be adjourned . lohr clack the gavel . everyone rise but Ted , who remain in paralytic shock . ted death penalty ? jim duma it 's just a formality . they case be circumstantial at best and they centerpiece be a eyewitness without very good eye . it 's a slam dunk . ted funny , my last lawyer say the same thing . as he 's shackle , a gust of wind blows paper off the table . Ted notice billowing curtain at a OPEN window in the back . int . law library - pitkin courthouse - night 61 Ted wait on the phone , listen to it ring and ring and ring , but no one pick up . int . ted' cell - night 62 Ted sit on he top bunk , stewing , stare down at the hard floor , a decision take shape in he mind ... television reporter ( pre - lap ) Ted , you be a law student stand trial for murder , convict of a attempt kidnap , yet you adamantly maintain you innocence . you have be in Colorado two month . do it make you angry ? int . cellblock hallway - day 63 in a on-camera interview , Ted now have a beard and overgrown hair . despite the turmoil of he personal life , he exude infectious charisma . smiling , articulate : ted sure I get angry . I get very , very angry and indignant . 47 . television reporter but you be not guilty ? intercut : Ted jump off the top bunk in he cell . ted do that include the time I steal a comic book when I be five year old ? intercut : Ted jump off he bunk again . ted ( laugh ) I be not guilty of the charge which have be file against I . television reporter and the allegation ? ted and the allegation . intercut : Ted jump off he bunk again . television reporter and the rumor and innuendo ... ted ( laugh ) I do not know all of what you be speak about , it 's too broad and I can not get into it in any detail , but I be satisfied with my blanket statement that I be innocent . 64 int . liz 's house - day 64 Liz watch ted 's interview with a drink in hand . television reporter ( on tv ) you have yet to stand trial and the death penalty be already be discuss . ted ( on tv ) I think I stand about as much chance die in front of a fire squad as you do be kill ina plane flight . let 's hope you do not ! 65 66 67 68 48. int . jail barber shop - day 65 Ted watch he own interview as he get a shave and cut , make he look very different from the interview footage . television reporter ( on tv ) you do not lie awake at night think about it ? ted ( on tv ) not a moment . int . ted ’'s cell - night 66 Ted jump off he bunk again , stick a hard landing -- steeling he ankle for impact . television reporter ( v.o. ) do you think about get out ? CUT to : ted' tv interview 67 a mischievous smile spread across Ted 's bearded face ... ted ( beat ) legally , sure . int . pitkin courtroom - day 68 Ted 's now clean shaven , with close - cropped hair , and we get the sense he plan it that way . he 's also oddly bulk in heavy layer despite everyone else 's light , summer clothing . just over he shoulder , the curtain of the open window billow in the background . sweat roll down he temple . heat ? or nerve ? judge lohr do the defense have anything further to add in this pretrial sentencing consideration ? jim duma you honor , the death penalty be premise upon blood vengeance . it carry the very real risk that the innocent will be execute . ( more ) 69 49 . jim duma ( cont 'd ) the defense request that this court exclude the death penalty on the grounds that it be arbitrary and capricious . judge lohr let 's take a fifteen minute recess before conclude with the prosecution 's final argument . lohr bang the gavel and retire to he chamber . the courtroom empty out . jim duma let 's get some air . ted I be go to stay and practice my final remark if that 's alright . Dumas exit , leave Ted alone in the courtroom . Ted throw a friendly smile to westerlund , stand post at the door . the curtain billow at the open window in the back . Ted get up . wipe sweat from he temple . his heart thump loudly in he chest . he wander around the room , pretend to read a file while stretch he leg . westerlund find he pack of smoke and step into the hall for he regularly schedule smoke . once westerlund exit , Ted climb onto the sill of the open window . heart beat out of he chest . random foot traffic below . he step out onto the ledge -- higher than he expect . he steady himself ... ext . pitkin county courthouse - day as a woman wait for she little dog to poop on the courthouse lawn ... ... ted_ jump out _a second story window , twist he ankle upon landing . he give a smile and a wave to the woman , who watch he briskly limp away . int . hallway - day 69 westerlund flirt with the same young woman : 70 71 72 73 74 75 50 . deputy westerlund .++.- sso I unholster my service weapon , make like I be about to discharge -- that mean shoot -- and this punk drop to he knee quick than Warhol on a naval ship , slide the record across the floor right on up to my boot . you know what it be ? iggy pop . so I arrest he for bad taste . the woman with the little dog and pooper scooper interrupt : woman with a little dog pardon I , but be it common for people to jump out of window around here ? westerlund look inside . his cigarette drop from he lip . ext . alleyway - day 70 Ted sprint down a alleyway . int . pitkin courthouse - day 71 westerlund leap down stair , radio mic to he mouth . deputy westerlund code 9 ! repeat , code 9 at the pitkin County courthouse ! ext . aspen STREET - day 72 Ted dash across traffic . ext . pitkin courthouse - day 73 westerlund shove outside , frantically look everywhere . ext . aspen STREET - day 74 Ted duck into some foliage . strip down to blue jean cutoff and a long -john top . tye a red bandana around he head -- completely transform he appearance . int . pitkin courtroom - day 75 the court reconvene to a heavy din of panic and surprise . Dumas look at Ted 's empty seat : 76 77 78 79 80 51 . jim duma ( to himself ) that 's the poorest show of faith in this argument I have see yet . ext . aspen STREET - day 76 now look like a college student , Ted stuff he excess layer into a pack fashioned out of a turtleneck . throw it over shoulder . rejoins the sidewalk traffic without a second glance from anyone -- except that girl who think he 's cute . Ted give they a smile , like there 's nothing wrong . as siren erupt in the distance . ext . various street around aspen - day ( archival ) 77 Police cruiser skid across lane , two at a time , block traffic in and out of the city . we hear a helicopter . ext . forested area - day ( voltage footage - company you keep ) Ted race through the wood -- cop , dog , and helicopter not far off . ext . hiking trail - day 78 Ted scamper up a steep grade trail at a relentless pace , make a getaway into ... the mountain . int . liz' house - night 79 Liz put away grocery after work . her phone ring . liz hello ? joanna ( v.o. ) turn on the tv . CUT to : archival footage of Ted 's escape ... the dare jump ... the stunne courtroom ... the buzz around aspen ... roadblock ... tracking dog ... poss on horseback ... etc . int . liz 's house - night 80 Liz be watching this coverage on tv when -- a sudden knocking at the door startles she . she see a mana silhouette . could it be ? Liz slowly move toward it . she peek out at ... Colorado detective Mike Fisher . he show she he badge . 52 . 81 int . kitchen - night 81 Liz pour Fisher coffee . det . mike fisher do he give any indication he be plan this ? Liz shake she head . det . mike fisher I can not stress how important it be you notify I if he contact you . and if you know anything that you be not tell I , you would be guilty of aid and abetting . liz you come all the way from Colorado just to tell I that ? Fisher reveal a large manila envelope mark '' confidential . '' det . mike fisher I think you should see firsthand just how serious this be . Liz do not take the envelope . do not want to ? det . mike fisher if you help we get he , you can prevent it from happen again . liz whatever you think you know about he , it 's all a lie . he do not do what you think he do . this be all a mix -up . det . mike fisher ma’am , there be thing you do not know , that I can not tell you right now , that will shock you beyond you worst nightmare , and it 's only a matter of time before the card be on the table . and when they be , they will wrack you . liz ( crossoarm ) be that it ? Fisher leave the envelope on the table , get up , and show himself out . Liz look at the envelope but do not open it . 82 83 84 53. i/e. mountain cabin - day 82 Ted snap awake in a cabin he break into for the night . he orient himself , then get up and stretch . a peaceful mountain morning . in the kitchen , he rifle through cupboard . saltine , tin of Polish bacon , stew tomato -- he shovel it all in ... ... until a police helicopter roar overhead . Ted drop to he knee , scurries to the window -- where he hear police and search dog approach in the distance ! Ted scurries back to the far window . he climb out , back - crawl away , then run , but he trip , fall , and -- -- look up into the barrel of a shotgun . omitted 83 int . pitkin courtroom - day 84 back in custody in the same courtroom he just fle , armed deputy sheriff flank Ted as lohr arraign he on new charge . the window be also now lock and guard . judge lohr ... two count felonious escape , one count burglary , one count auto theft , one count misdemeanor theft , the sum of which carry a total of ninety year . I hope it be worth it , son . ted ( grin ) it be just too pretty outside . he get a chuckle from some in the courtroom . photographer snap away . he realize he 's the center of attention now . ext . garfield county jail - day a establish shot of the quaint 10 - cell '' mom and pop '' jail with a private residence affix to the end . we hear a electronic buzz ... ( pre - lap ) 85 54 . int . visitation room - day 85 a prison door open . Ted bound in , run into Liz 's arm , both cry tear of happiness . time CUT : Ted and Liz sit as close as two people can , touch and cuddle each other . first time they have be together in a while . Security be lax in this mom and pop shop . ted it 's a bed and breakfast compare to Utah . the head jailer and he wife live in a apartment attach to the end of the jail . kinda feel like a vacation if you do not think about it too much . Ted surprise she with a newspaper - wrap gift . ted merry Christmas . liz I do not bring you anything . ted you bring I the only thing I want in the whole world when all I really deserve be a lump of coal . open it . Liz unwrap newspaper off a well - wear copy of Papillon . ted I have read it four time . you remember what it 's about , right ? liz '' never lose hope . '' ted you have not , have you ? a melancholy fall over Liz . ted I know it 's hard . it 's hard for I too . it be foolish of I to run , but you be not answer my call and I get scared you be go to leave -- 55 . Ted suddenly realize , Liz come here to break up with he . ted oh no . do not do this , Liz . liz you lawyer call . he say the Utah appeal be reject . a major blow . ted I ' 1ll take it all the way to the Supreme Court if I have to . Liz , I have get document that will destroy they case . liz they do not give you probation . they give you fifteen year . ted that 's a maximum . no one get the max on a first conviction . liz and now you be look at ninety more for run . ted I tell you , I be go to straighten everything out . liz I can not do this anymore , Ted . ted do you not love I anymore ? liz no , I do . that 's the problem . ted what if I get out ? we could run away together . Canada , maybe . I do not understand , Liz . liz I be sorry . this be from Molly . she give he a envelope and hurry away in tear . ted please do not do this , Liz ! 86 87 88 56 . Ted look like he be hit by a truck . now he 's all alone . he open the envelope -- inside be a crayon drawing of a shark . omitted 86 int . ted 's cell - night 87 Ted tape Molly 's shark draw on the ceiling so he can look at it while he lie in bed . int . university medical division - night 88 sparse Christmas decoration adorn the office . Liz look like hell . she stare vacantly at the copy of Papillon . her desk phone be noticeably silent . she remove the picture of she and Ted from the frame and stick it in the page of Papillon , literally close the book on Ted . she put the book in a drawer and shut it . jerry ( 0.s. ) what 's you resolution ? Jerry unpack a brown bag snack at the next desk over . jerry for the new year . mine 's to lose two belt notches , except I always manage to find ‘em later . liz I do not really have one . jerry everyone 's get something they want , or wanna get rid of . liz what if you do not know which it be ? jerry my experience , you probably already know but be not ready to admit it . Liz well up . not Jerry 's intention . jerry but I be wrong a lot . 89 90 91 92 93 57 . int . ted 's cell - night 89 Ted lie on he bunk , still stare at Molly 's shark draw ... as he eye take focus on something else -- the metal plate in the ceiling hold the light fixture . ted ( v.0 . ) dear Liz . int . garfield county jail - day 90 Ted wait on the phone but the other end just keep ringing . he hang up . crushed . ted ( v.o. ) there be many thing I can live without ... int . print shop - day 91 at he print shop job , Ted slice ream of paper , stare off . lose hope ... as we slowly push in on the blade . ted ( v.o. ) ... but you be not one of they . int . ted 's cell - day 92 Ted extract the blade hide under he pant leg in he sock . consider its sharpness . ted ( v.o. ) I may have lose you , but I 'il never lose hope . Ted climb onto he bunk and knock on the metal plate in the ceiling . it 's hollow . he grate the paper cutter blade against it . groove appear . int . judge lohr 's chamber - day 93 Ted and Dumas meet with judge lohr privately . Christmas decoration adorn the court . judge lohr I have conclude there 's no way to obtain a unbiase jury in aspen in light of recent event , so I be move you to Colorado Springs where you antic have not be daily news . 94 95 58. Ted stare back at lohr in sheer panic . his shot at escape now in jeopardy . ted you honor , I have a good feel about aspen . I have prefer to stay right where I be . judge lohr I have rule and it 's final . jim duma Ted , this be great news . judge lohr you will be transfer after the holiday . merry Christmas . Ted look anxious . ext . garfield county jail - night over a reminder shot of the '' mom and pop '' jail with private residence affix to the end , we hear urgent sawing . int . ted' cell - night 94 with the shower on in the background to mask the noise , Ted double - time it with the paper cutter blade , make quick work of a square foot cutaway in the metal ceiling plate . the shower momentarily shut off . Ted stop saw . wait . they turn back on and he resume . int . attic crawl space - night 95 a square foot of metal pop free . ted 's hand reach up into a dark , cobwebbed crawl space and feel around . he hoist himself up , squirming through the narrow hole . down a way , a shaft of light spear up from the floor . he crawl toward it , cough from the dust , try to keep quiet on the old wooden panele . the jailer and he wife be have a marital argument below : head jailer ( 0.s. ) I do not understand why you be so teed up ? jailer' wife ( 0.s. ) it 's call intimacy , Ed -- ever hear of it ? it do not work if you hide thing from I . 96 97 98 59 . head jailer ( 0.s. ) ever hear of not go to bed angry ? Ted sneeze . do they hear he ? he keep perfectly still . jailer' wife ( 0.s. ) what be that ? head jailer ( 0.s. ) I say goodnight . Ted hear a lamp click off . the light through the floor goe out . he wait in the dark as they fall asleep ... int . head jailer 's bedroom - night - later 96 the head jailer and he wife be sound asleep in the middle of the night . a finger emerge from the hole in the plasterboard ceiling . a panel be carefully remove . ted 's legs dangle through the hole , as he ease himself down into they private residence . Ted drop down . the jailer and he wife stir but do not wake . Ted tiptoe toward the dresser and carefully open the drawer . the antique wood squeak . Ted hold he breath , but the couple still do not wake . Ted shed he prison garb and put on the jailer 's warmer clothes . he then climb a bookshelf next to the sleep jailer and carefully replace the ceiling panel , leave no trace of he presence . ext . garfield county jail - night 97 Ted exit in civilian clothes out of the private residence affix to the quaint 10 - cell '' mom and pop '' jail . he hurry off into the cold night as he letter vo resume ... ted ( v.o. ) hope that we will meet again , ina big house , with a brick chimney , a view of the sound , and a rowdy little doggy eager to lick we face happy again . int . ted 's cell - day 98 the next day , the head jailer deliver lunch to Ted 's cell , where he find a untouched breakfast tray . see Ted asleep under the cover , but not breathe . the jailer enter ... 99 60 . ted ( v.o. ) where we will make love like we do back when thing be serene and uncomplicate , and life be still a dream wait to be have . the jailer rip back the cover revealing coiled legal paper and law textbooks in the shape of a body . ted ( v.o. ) Love , ted . head jailer Son of a ... CUT to : archival footage of Ted 's escape ... the square foot cutaway in the ceiling ... the dumbfounded cop ... the warning to the public to lock they car and they home ... etc . int . liz 's house - night 99 Liz look out the window . joanna 's with she . joanna Liz , this be crazy . he will never come here . the cop be probably on a round - the-clock stakeout . liz if anyone could do it it 's he . joanna what be you go to do ? run away ? live on the lam ? he 's a fugitive . liz I need a drink . joanna you just have one . Liz start for the liquor cabinet . joanna block she . liz since when be it a crime to take the edge off every once in a while ? joanna since you little girl start ask why she mommy 's so sad . ( more ) 61 . joanna ( cont 'd ) and it 's more than once in a while so do not try to soft pedal it and make I out to be the grinch . everyday 's the same , Liz . you read letter from Ted , you drink , and you cry . liz I take care of myself , I have a job , it 's not like I leave my child at home while I run from tavern to tavern . I be a good mother ! joanna you be a great mother . you be also in denial . what be it about this guy ? liz when I feel this love , I feel like I be on top of the world . when I do not , I do not feel anything . ( then ) what if the only thing he 's guilty of be run a stop sign ? joanna he 's be convict of abduction in Utah , accuse of murder in Colorado -- the first time may have be bad luck , but you can not tell I the second be not a little suspicious . what if there 's a third ? liz there be not a third . joanna you better hope not , because that would be pretty damn convincing . Liz glare at joanna , a voice of reason Liz be not ready to accept yet . Liz go around joanna , pour herself a drink . joanna ( beat ) you know this do not start with a stop sign . the foundation ( pre - lap ) why do you build I up ... CUT to : 100 101 102 103 104 105 62 . archival footage of snowy aspen and the local police '' certain '' Ted be nearby and will not get far .. ext . tallahassee - day establish shot of warm , humid , Florida . int . ted 's room - florida rooming house - day 100 a old landlord show Ted a shoddily furnish room with paint chipping off the wall . he 's sweat in a roll up T - shirt because it 's hot , humid , and sticky here . Ted open the window , let in the warm florida breeze . they shake on a deal to rent . Ted tape Molly 's dog -ear , well - crease shark draw to the wall and get wistful because it 's he only familiarity . we will start to notice the song play over play a half - beat slower than normal . like the ramone in the beginning , it 's a nearly imperceptible warp to a otherwise happy song . something 's off -- we do not know it ; we feel it . i/e. phonebooth - night 101 on he way home with grocery ( sorority girl pass in the b.g. ) , Ted stop in a phonebooth , debate call Liz ... int . liz' bedroom - night 102 meanwhile , Liz be curl in depression , stare at the phone , willing it to ring ... i/e. phonebooth - night 103 Ted think better of call and hang up instead . int . sherrod 's nightclub - night 104 a pulsing college disco . Ted 's pour he heart out to empathetic CO - eds who really feel he pain . int . volkswagen bug - night 105 Ted drive , sing along to the song he play for Liz on the jukebox that first fateful night for two young lover . he thump the steering wheel to the beat , as the song end . he tune the radio through various station play music and news of the time , during which we will catch the word '' chi omega sorority . '' before we get a chance to hear more -- red and blue light play over Ted 's face . 106 63. ted no ... he clock he rearview . hear a siren chirp . ted no , no , no ... Ted cut a sharp turn -- into a dead end . he hit the break and pound the steering wheel as the cop box he in . ext . cross & west douglas STREET - night 106 Ted step out of the car , feign innocence like he do in the beginning with hayward in Utah . officer david lee , young and husky , step out of he police cruiser . ted my apology , Officer , I could not make you car with the headlight in my eye and I guess I get spook . a load beat as Ted wait to see if Lee busy it . do not look like it . Ted try to run . Lee grab he . wrestle Ted down . they tussle around like a schoolyard fight . the commotion cause nearby home to turn on they light . a robed man exit he front door , puzzle by the scuffle . robed man ( to Lee ) what be you do to that young man ? officer lee stay back , sir ! Lee flip Ted onto he stomach and drive he into the pavement with he knee . he latch a handcuff , but before he get the other -- robed man leave he alone or I be call the police . officer lee I be the police ! -- Ted writhes free ! he take off sprinting . Lee draw he gun . 107 64 . officer lee halt ! halt or I 'il shoot ! Lee fire a warning shot . Ted keep run until he disappear into the shadow . Lee curse and run after . int . kitchen - liz 's house - night 107 Liz , joanna , and Molly be play go Fish over dinner . they be all laugh , even Liz . then the phone ring . Liz get a bad feel . joanna and Molly keep play as Liz get up and slowly make she way to the ringing phone . she 's afraid to answer . she hesitates , then pick up . she can not find she voice . ted ( v.o. ) ( beat ) I be in Florida . we stay on liz , only hearing Ted . he sound down . deflate . his spirit go . ted ( v.o. ) I be in custody . a dagger in Liz 's heart . ted ( v.o. ) I make a deal with the police they would not announce my arrest until I could call you first . they do not know who I be . I have be play with they all night . I finally give they my name for this phone call . a long pause . we hear Ted sniff back tear . ted ( v.o. ) ( beat ) it 's go to be bad when it break , liz. Real bad . Liz look at joanna , who can already tell it 's bad . they both get tear in they eye . Molly 's luckily too preoccupy to notice . 112 65 . int . interview room - night 112 a tape recorder roll . Ted 's with three detective , patchen , chapman , and bodiford , who look like a tough audience . Ted have the wear and tear of he scuffle with Lee on he face . ted you seriously never hear of I ? do not you watch the news ? det . norman chapman right . you jump out of a window like I win the Super bowl . the detective laugh . Ted look slightly disappointed . then the door open and Officer Lee ( the arrest officer ) enter and lay down a FBI ten most want flyer with ted 's face on it . officer lee would you sign it for I ? this raise a few eyebrow . proudly : ted who want to hear about my second escape ? int . ted' cell - night 111 Ted 's slump in a windowless iron cell with a bed and combination sink - and -toilet , admire Molly 's well - crease shark draw , which he 's manage to keep . the light 's poor and the humidity make he sweat . the cell door unlocks . a man in a expensive suit and haircut enter , pick lint off he sleeve . sheriff ken katsaris -- tall , Greek , and handsome . ted be you my lawyer ? sheriff ken katsaris that 's funny , I think you be one ? katsaris straighten he cuff . Ted do not respond . not sure who this guy be , or what the angle be yet . 108 66 . sheriff katsaris the game be over , Ted . you day of walk without the clatter of chain be do . Florida be the buckle of the death belt and it 's my job to tighten thing up ina major way . ted a bit excessive for steal a car , do not you think ? katsaris smirk like he know something Ted do not . he see Molly 's shark draw . ted that 's a thresher shark . they have tail as long as they whole -- katsaris rip up the draw . sheriff ken katsaris I be the sheriff of this town ... and I be the one who 's go to get you . Washington miss you , Utah give you away , Colorado lose you , I be go to fry you . Ted 's eye darken . katsaris turn and walk out . as if on cue , a pair of jailer enter and force Ted onto he back . they hold he down as a dentist follow . ted ( struggle ) what be you do to I ? a dental speculum be shove in Ted 's mouth . his teeth be photograph with a macro lens . the speculum be ripped out . modeling paste fart out of a tube . a impression tray be shove in . Ted gag under the barbarism ... ... as sheriff katsaris watch on with a sadistic grin . welcome to Ted 's new nightmare . CUT to : archival footage of the chi omega report ... a chill crime ... no suspect yet ... etc . ext . chi omega sorority house - day ( archival footage ) 108 tripod video of a sorority house . 109 113 114 67 . reporter ( v.o . ) the killer strike first at the chi omega sorority house . int . bedroom crime scene - day ( news footage ) 109 a pillow soak in blood . spatter sheet . reporter ( v.o. ) he clubbed and then strangle to death twenty year old Lisa levy and twenty one year old Margaret bowman . CUT to : newspaper headline : 110 '' shadow of murderer loom over campus '' '' Police seek clue in slay of two fsu sorority woman '' '' reward be offer '' and a newspaper photo of a terrify sorority girl peer out a window . reporter ( v.o . ) at least one of they be rape . int . elevator - night 113 Ted ride down in baggy green jail coverall , handcuffs , and leg chain , flanke by armed deputy . he look scared and alone . and then it get worse ... ... as the door open to a unexpected flurry of crowd chatter and camera flash . a media frenzy . in the midst of it all be sheriff katsaris in he impeccable suit , crisp shirt , and shit -eate smirk , hold a indictment . he 's make a show of it -- he 's the hero and Ted 's the villain . realizing the ambush , Ted swallow he disdain , put on he game face , and limp out of the elevator . int . hallway - continuous 114 now '' on '' for the camera , Ted jauntily limp up to katsaris . before katsaris can get a word in , Ted take control , continually interrupt : 68 . ted what do we have here , Ken ? l let 's see . oh , it 's a indictment ! alright , why do not you read it to I . sheriff katsaris in the name of , and by the authority of the state of Florida - - ted you be up for re-election , be not you ? sheriff katsaris you be charge with -- ted you tell they you be gonna get I . ( to the reporter ) he say he be gonna get I . ( to katsaris ) you get the indictment . that 's all you be gonna get . sheriff ken katsaris under section 780.04 of Florida statute - — Ted raise he right hand theatrically like a oath for the news camera . Ted pace and post camera . ted I will plead not guilty right now . sheriff katsaris you be charge with two count murder in the first degree in the chi omega sorority killing ... ted ( mockingly ) my chance to talk to the press . in front of katsaris -- wallpaper in comparison -- against the wall , jaw set , eye burn into the enjoy this , he theatricality completely eclipse katsaris who drone on in eye-glaze legalese . Ted yank ted we have display the prisoner now . the indictment out of katsaris 's hand . 69 . ted I have be keep in isolation , I have be keep away from the press , I have be bury by you , you have be talk -- it 's my turn now . sheriff ken katsaris we get a court order . there will not be any press interview . ted sure there will not . I be gag , you be not . the deputy pull Ted back toward the elevator . ted I will be hear ! Ted hold up the indictment and rip it in half . continue with : archival footage of the sensational chi omega coverage ... how , while on the run after two escape , a man want for murder in three state may have commit more murder ... int . prison phone - day 115 Ted wait on the phone , listen to it ring . it go unanswer . int . liz 's house - day Liz 's phone ring , but she do not answer it . int . prison phone - day Ted hang up , deject . then he get a idea and dial a different number ... int . visitation room - day 116 a large room arrange like a cafeteria with bolt down table and chair . armed guard all around . Ted limp in , in he usual handcuffs and leg chain . he look around , smile when he see ... .+.- carole ann boone , the girl from the Republican fundraiser , who would do '' anything '' for Ted . still have that same spark in she eye . Ted limp over and give she a big hug . 70 . carole ann why be you limping ? do they hurt you ? ted I have a problem with my leg -- I run too fast . he show she a ghastly - look orthopedic leg brace that run rigid from he leave foot to thigh , which he will wear anytime he 's outside he cell . ted I be glad you come . carole ann I be glad you call . CUT to : Ted and carole Ann sit closer now . he 's just tell she he entire saga . ted it 's all a ploy for the sheriff to score political point in the next election . he 's be chase he tail for month on this case and suddenly the biggest fish in America swim right into he pond ? who do you think he pin it on ? I just autograph my own want poster . I be more popular than Disney World ! carole Ann shake she head in sympathy , drink it all up . carole ann how do this whole thing start ? ted someone give my name to the police year ago in Seattle , one thing lead to another , and now I be in Florida . carole ann my God , it really be a witch hunt . ted I can not tell if it 's a comedy of error , or a kafka novel . 71 . carole ann you must be lonely , so far from home . ted there be worse place to be than Florida , I guess . carole ann you probably do not get too many visitor here . ted luckily I make friend easily . carole ann it would probably feel good to have a familiar face around . ted ( half -jok ) you gonna move to Florida , keep I company ? carole ann ( beat ) there be worse place to be . they look at each other . neither want to say it but it feel like they have just come to a implicit agreement . int . university medical division - day 117 liz break a pencil tip . she open she desk drawer for a sharpener , and freeze when she see Papillon inside . she lift the book out . page through it . find the picture she stick inside of she and Ted . never lose hope . int . ted' cell - night 118 Ted 's new public defender sit on foldout chair outside Ted 's cell . they look more like first year associate than criminal attorney . lead counsel be the '' elder '' dan dowd ( 40s ) . dan dowd this be Ed , Lynn , and Peggy . I be Dan , I ' 1ll be you lead counsel . we be go to make sure you get the best defense tax can buy . 72 . ted be it true they be put news camera in the courtroom ? dan dowd you will be the first nationally televise trial in history . if you make it to trial , that be . the state 's offer a deal . if you plead guilty to the murder charge , they have agree to recommend life sentence instead of the death penalty . ted that 's a joke , right ? dan dowd consider the evidence they have , it 's worth a discussion . ted if you think there 's any chance in hell I x11 plead to this charge , you be out of you fuck mind . the attorney trade look . int . visitation room - day 119 Ted and carole Ann hold hand . they have obviously grow close quickly . carole ann what do you mean they want you to plead ? ted they be young , they be inexperienced , only one have ever do a murder trial , and nothing of this magnitude . how be my own attorney against I ? carole ann what can I do ? ted what can you do ? carole ann what if I be like you publicity agent ? ( more ) 121 73. carole ann ( cont 'd ) I could set the fact straight , make sure you side of the story be hear . ted that would actually help a lot because I be under a gag order . you would do that for I ? carole ann Ted , I be stay in Florida . ted I would never ask you to do that , carole Ann . carole ann you be not ask , I be insist . you need I . ted this trial could get pretty rough . you might hear some pretty ugly thing . carole ann it can not be any worse than what they be already say on tv . they have take something wholesome and twisted it sinister . but what do they know ? ted obviously not the truth . she gaze into he eye like she 's fall in love . if it feel a little weird , it should . CUT to : archival footage 121 of the Florida trial ramping up : media coverage , interview , fanfare , etc . intercut with ... int . hallway - metro justice build - day lead prosecutor larry simpson give soundbite to the press . larry simpson this man be a threat to society and I have every intention of remove he completely ... 123 124 127 120 74 . int . visitation room - day 123 Ted feed carole Ann talk point ... ext . metro justice build - day 124 carole Ann regurgitate Ted 's word to the press ... carole ann it 's obvious the media have already convict he before he 's have he day in court , and to broadcast it to a national audience prove just how big a charade this really be ... still intercutting : archival footage of pretty college girl describe why they be so take by this charming , accuse murder ... as national media interest grow ... as throng of reporter and broadcast equipment descend in and around the Miami courthouse in a unprecedented manner ... ext . metro justice build - day 127 archival footage of a media circus : News van from every network , throng of reporter , live feed , etc . cordon off to either side be ted protestor who want he to fry , and ted supporter who be mostly young woman . super : Miami , FL . it 's the Super bowl of court case . various shot of key player as they enter the courthouse alongside the public : Larry Simpson , Ted 's legal team ( Ed , Lynn , Peggy , Dan ) , detective patchen , chapman , and bodiford , sheriff katsaris , etc ... int . liz' house - day 120 Liz lay around read Papillon , look like she have not sleep or shower in day . the doorbell ring . it 's Jerry with a takeout bag . jerry I bring chicken soup . you have not be at work all week so I figure you be sick . + eh 128 129 130 75 . int . holding room - day 128 it 's dead silent in here , where Ted change out of he prison jumpsuit into a dapper suit and bow tie -- like he 's get ready for a performance . he make a phone call . int . kitchen - moment later 129 Jerry ( alone ) portion out the soup into bowl . he notice Papillon and page through , unaware of its significance . then phone ring . Jerry look , unsure if he should answer . liz ( 0.s. ) ( from the bathroom ) can you get that ? Jerry answer . jerry hello ? intercut - ted 130 all the color drain from Ted 's face . ted ( beat ) who be this ? jerry who be this ? tense silence . Ted look sick . jerry you can not call here anymore . you be kill she . Ted 's not sure what to say . it hurt : ted will you give she a message for I ? will you tell she ... will you tell she I love she ? Dead silence . Jerry hang up the phone . liz ( 0.s. ) who be that ? 131 132 76 . Jerry 's startle to find Liz there , drying she hair . jerry ( shrug ) just a salesman . Liz hold on he for a beat , like she know , then let it go . int . hallway - day 131 Ted carry a beer carton of legal file , lead a procession of jailer toward the courtroom door where the din of the crowd become audible . like a boxer before a fight . just before enter , he take a deep breath . put on he game face . a jailer open the door to ... int . miami courtroom - day 132 .+.a vast , octagonal room panele with tropical wood , brass rectangle , and suspend light fixture . if Utah be a empty house , and Colorado be a bigger ballgame , Miami be a sell out show . thirty three journalist with press credential have reserve seat . the public fill the hundred - seat gallery . attractive college girl ( the '' ted groupies '' ) have stake out the front row . only the jury box be empty . Ted take in the enormity . they be all there for he . he find carole Ann in the crowd , who wave and blow a kiss . bailiff dave watson , 70 , a white - haire spark plug of a man , in a crisply starch white shirt and dark pleate trousers , bellow over the crowd : bailiff watson Court will come to order ! the noise die down . bailiff watson please rise for the honorable justice cowart ! everyone rise as judge cowart assume he marble bench . a venerable St. Bernard of a man , with great sagging jowl , horn -rimm glass , and a proclivity for old Southern say . 133 77 . judge cowart bless you heart . please sit . in regards to the camera , we be conduct the public 's business , and we be go to do it in the sunshine . after all , this be Florida . ( to Ted ) you look nice , partner . ted thank you , you honor . I be disguise as a attorney today . laughter soften the mood . judge cowart well , then , let 's put on a show . Ted survey all the news cameras . CUT to : a live broadcast 133 lead prosecutor Larry Simpson enter the courtroom as if it be rehearse ( it be ) . we pan with he to a prearrange chalkboard and easel for he open statement . larry simpson ( on tv ) lady and gentleman , this case be so much more than a double murder . this case be about catch a monster . he clear he throat . Little nervous because it 's a national broadcast . during he speech , he sort through actual evidence photo blow ups on the easel ( we will see they better / closer later ) . larry simpson in the early morning hour of January 15th , 1978 , a young woman arrive home to the chi omega sorority house after a date . she hear a thump upstairs . a man run down , carry a oak log , and fle . the young woman go upstairs to investigate , where one of she sorority sister stumble out of she bedroom , spitting up blood because she face have be smashed . her roommate 's too . she be sit on she bed in a daze . ( more ) 134 135 78. larry simpson ( cont 'd ) ( beat ) they be the lucky one . we slowly start to push in ... larry simpson in the next room over , another young woman be lie face down in she own blood . her neck have be twisted at a inhuman angle . her jaw be break . she be miss a nipple . her body have bite mark on it . she be rape and strangle with a pantyhose garotte so tight she neck be constrict to half its size . ( long pause ) the next girl , we be still not sure if she die from strangulation or the blow to she head that leave a baseball - size hole she skull . we do know that she underwear be tear off with such force it leave a burn mark on she thigh . ( longer pause ) then the police receive a call about the next incident six block away . int . liz' house - day 134 reveal -- Liz rapt before the tv . absolutely horrify by what she 's just hear . larry simpson ( v.o. ) lady and gentleman , this case be so much more than a double murder . it 's about catch a monster . innocent , young woman be he prey . savagery be he method . tragedy will be he legacy . you will be he judge . on screen , Ted betray no emotion . int . miami courtroom - day 135 detective norman chapman be on the witness stand , get question by prosecutor Larry Simpson : 79 . det . norman chapman when we question he about the crime , he decline to have a attorney present . in fact , he request it that way . larry simpson he ask not to have counsel ? det . norman chapman that 's right . Ted lean over to he head counsel , Dan dowd : ted ( whisper ) object . he 's lie ! dowd hold up he hand to calm Ted . det . norman chapman then he ask we turn off the recorder , that no note be take . larry simpson so this be off the record . det . norman chapman he think so . larry simpson what do you mean ? det . norman chapman the state of Florida allow bug -- surreptitious recording device . but it malfunction . that 's why that part of the tape cut out . larry simpson what part be that , detective ? det . norman chapman his confession . Ted shoot a look at dowd who still do not object . larry simpson ( to chapman ) what do he say ? det . norman chapman ( beat ) he say he be a vampire . 80 . ted objection ! everyone 's surprised . two half - asleep juror perk up . cowart wait on Ted for grounds . ted ( beat ) narration on the part of the witness , you honor . Ted 's own lawyer crack smug smile at he adorable attempt to play lawyer . until ... judge cowart sustain . even Ted 's surprised . just the shot of confidence he need . ted you honor , I also move to have the detective 's entire testimony stricken from the record on the basis that the word '' surreptitious '' should automatically disqualify anything from masquerade as evidence , give it 's synonymous with secret , stealthy , clandestine , sneaky , sly , furtive , conceal , and hide . no true evidence should , could , or would , ever be describe in such term . to make no mention of the fact that the most important part of he story be conveniently miss . one might even conclude he 's lie . det . norman chapman ( to Ted ) you confess that you do it . ted not accord to the witness . det . norman chapman what witness ? ted me. det . norman chapman you be the defendant . 136 137 138 81 . ted and a defense attorney . judge cowart now I be confuse as a cow on astroturf . a bizarre moment -- Ted 's simultaneously the defendant , defense attorney , and witness . larry simpson you honor , this be preposterous . judge cowart testimony will be stricken . ted one other thing , you honor , while I have get you ear -- judge cowart quit when you be ahead , partner ... but I do not say how far ahead . bless you heart . a moment between cowart and ted. respect . Ted smile to himself . his groupy swoon . carole Ann give a thumb up . int . visitation room - night 136 on the phone , Ted listen to it ring ... int . liz 's house - night 137 .»». as Jerry hold Liz as she doze off to sleep . we 'il notice he have discreetly disconnected the phone cord . int . visitation room - night 138 Ted hang up , more than a little on edge . reveal carole Ann 's there with he , cuddle . carole ann how do you keep you spirit up , Bunny ? do not it get you down ? ted I be lucky I have thing that make happy . that way I never lose hope . carole ann ( with innuendo ) I wish I could make you happy in other way . 139 140 82. ted how much money do you have ? int . visitation room restroom - moment later 139 Ted and carole Ann have sex in a prison bathroom . they both orgasm together . need a moment to catch they breath . carole ann wow . what be that ? ted ( beat ) '' last night of freedom '' sex . he 's think about Liz , but carole Ann think it 's all about she . int . miami courtroom - day 140 Ted stand before cowart without the jury present . ted you honor , there be no justification for the treatment I have be receive . this be a game and I will not be a party to it . I be not stay in this kind of waterloo ! there come a time when I have to say , '' whoa ... '' judge cowart if you say '' whoa , '' I be go to have to use spur . ted since I have be in dade County -- judge cowart do not shake you finger at I , young man . ted I be strip searched after see my attorney -- judge cowart do not shake you finger at I ! Ted tilt he finger toward dowd at the defense table . judge cowart that 's fine . you can shake it at Mr. dowd . 83 . ted he deserve it more than you do . since I have be in dade County , I do not have any choice in the selection of my attorney , nor have I be ask at any time my opinion about who should be represent I . judge cowart ( aghast ) Sir , I do not know of any case where a individual have receive the quality and quantity of counsel you have . who 's mind the store for the public defender I can not tell you . it 's unheard of . I have never see anything like it in the history of any case I have try in twenty - seven year at the bar . ted I demand the rein of my own defense ! judge cowart you may have they , sir , but might I also caution that any lawyer who represent himself have a fool for a client . dowd stand . dan dowd you honor , this be as good a time as any to raise the issue of my client 's competency . the man 's life be at stake and he 's play he trial like a circus ! Ted make a fist , turn to dowd . ted ( angry ) | you want a circus ? I x11 make a circus . i’11 rain on you parade , Jack ! you will see a thunderstorm ! Court deputy prepare to spring into action . 141 142 84 . judge cowart ( angrier , to Ted ) this court be go to proceed on schedule without you voluntary interruption . do you understand ? Ted take a breath , find he cool . ted yes , you honor . judge cowart then we be together . bless you heart . I just hope you stay with we . if you do not , we will miss you . ted and all this people will not pay they money to come see I . the court chuckle . Ted love the attention . dowd 's resentment grow . Ted stare straight into the court camera lens ... int . liz' house - night 141 ... straight into Liz 's eye , as if they be somehow connect in this moment . Liz find a tiny grin . it 's tender . angle on Jerry , watch it all . he do not like that Ted still have a hold on she . int . visitation room - day 142 Ted limp in to see ... he mother louise , who tear up at the sight of she son shackle . ted Mom ? Louise go to hug he . Ted find carole Ann and he attorney off to the side and do the math . ted what be this , some kind of ambush ? carole ann of course not , Bunny . but you lawyer have something important to discuss , I think it would be best to have you family here too . his mother 's voice crack with heartache : 143 85 . louise I would not be able to live if I lose you . it would simply break my heart and never be put back together again . ted ( be : dowd ) do he put you up to this ? dan dowd when you consider the evidence they have , combine with pretrial publicity , and all you antic , it 's highly likely they can secure conviction , and because of the nature of the offense , several death sentence . ted I be not plead ! the evidence be all fake ! louise they be go to take you life . my first bear . my beautiful baby . a mother cannot outlive she son . ted Mom , I do not do this thing . I want people to know that . I want they to know the truth . carole ann we will know , Bunny . who else matter ? off Ted , as doom sink in ... int . miami courtroom - day 143 Ted sit among he defense team , bounce he knee -- look like he 's about to sell he soul . judge cowart ( to Ted ) I understand you have a matter you would like to present to the court ? Ted struggle to stand , paralyze by doom . ted you honor ... 144 86 . his mouth run dry . he take a sip of water , hand shaking . as a decision take shape ... ted ( machine gun precision ) never have I encounter a man so brazen in coerce he own client into admit guilt that it make I wonder if he have the stamina or basic mental acuity to roll up he sleeve and do the hard work . I do not plead , I will not plead , and I demand the resignation of my roundly inept counsel immediately . the courtroom hang in heavy silence . dan dowd you honor , I have like to resign as counsel . ted the counselor 's first word I can agree to . dan dowd fuck you . judge cowart muzzle yourselves , counselor ! ted I will consider the motion grant . dan dowd how 's this for motion ? dowd storm out of the courtroom . the prosecution look befuddle . carole Ann and Louise look worried . Ted look proud . int . visitation room restroom - day 144 Ted and carole Ann have sex again , but this time it 's more utilitarian . Ted climax . carole Ann look distant , angry , and hurt . ted be something wrong ? carole ann do you still love she ? 87 . ted wah , ( play dumb ) 0 ? carole ann ( realize ) I be so stupid . ted carole Ann ... carole ann I have only uproote my entire life for you . ted she 's not here . you be . she abandon I . and to think I almost marry she ... you be the one I should marry . she look at he . not if he 's serious . ted I can already see it . once I get out , we could get a house on the sound , maybe a mercede in the driveway , maybe a dog ? I can hear he bark now , can you hear it ? carole ann I be allergic to dog . but that sound nice . I just wish we do not have to wait . ted we do not . carole ann you will never convince the judge . ted who say I need he permission ? 145 int . miami courtroom - day 145 dr . richard souviron , handsome , 5as , in a dapper vest - suit and goatee , direct a pointer over a oversize , double - panel , color blowup of teeth -- Ted 's tooth . he 's the state 's biggest gun and have a flair for the theatrical . dr . souviron ( indicate on the photo ) this be lateral ... bicuspid ... ( more ) 88 . dr . souviron ( cont 'd ) incisor ... ( to jury ) each individual 's tooth have particular characteristic that make they unique -- alignment , irregularity , chip , size , sharpness ... souviron open another double - panel ( which we do not see ) . dr . souviron this be a enlarge photograph of the victim Lisa levy 's buttock . ( use the pointer ) you can see the double bite . the individual bit once , then turn sideways and bit a second time . the top tooth stay in about the same position , but the lower tooth , bite harder , leave two ring . larry simpson Doctor , can you tell we within a reasonable degree of dental certainty whether or not the tooth represent in that photograph be that of the defendant ? dr . souviron yes sir . they make the mark . a collective gasp erupt throughout the court . larry simpson no further question . cowart bang the gavel to restore order as Simpson return triumphantly to he seat . Ted get up to cross-examine . ted Dr. souviron , analyze bite mark be part art and part science , be it not ? dr . souviron I think that 's a fair statement . ted and that really depend upon the experience and education of the examiner ? dr . souviron yes. 89 . ted and you conclusion be really a matter of opinion . dr . souviron that be correct . ted you have get a give set of tooth , or model , and a give area of skin , a thigh or a calf . be there any way to test whether that tooth will make the same mark over and over ? dr . souviron ( smile ) yes , because I do a experiment just like that . I take model and I go to the morgue and I press the model into the buttock area on different individual and photograph they . yes , they can be standardize , and , yes , they do match . ted ( feign disbelief ) you say cadaver ? dr . souviron I could not find any live volunteer . ted as with any art form , there must be subjective variance . dr . souviron if there 's a area of inconsistency , out it go . but the odd of find a identical set -- with the wear on the central , the chip lateral incisor , everything identical -- would be astronomical . ted when you say '' the odd , '' you be speak of some kind of probability ? 90 . dr . souviron a very high degree of probability . it become a practical impossibility . ted be it fair to say that odontology be a relatively new forensic science ? dr . souviron no . I do not think that 's fair at all . historically , you have a case of Paul revere do identification , you have testimony admit to the bar in Massachusetts in the late 1800s , and you can find citation for bite mark case in the legal justice system that go back twenty - five year . so what 's new ? ted ( concede ) no further question . Ted collapse into he chair . 146 int . miami courtroom - day 146 Ted 's on the witness stand . his own attorney question he . peggy goode to the best of you recollection , when do you incur the chip in you tooth ? ted in the middle of March 1978 . peggy goode two month after the chi omega murder . ted I be eat dinner in my cell in the Leon County jail and I bit down hard and pull out a white piece of tooth . CUT to : Larry Simpson , on cross-examination , look at Ted askance : gl . larry simpson you do not know what the Utah dental record look like , do you ? ted I do not exactly carry they around in my book bag . larry simpson ( cocky ) be you speak as the witness or the attorney right now ? Ted watch Simpson , wonder what he game be . CUT to : Ted as defense attorney approach the witness , carole Ann . ted Ms. boone , do you ever visit I in the garfield County jail in 1977 ? carole ann yes , I do . ted and to the best of you memory , do I have any kind of a chip in my front tooth at that time ? carole ann no , you do not . they hold each other 's gaze for a beat before Ted return to he showmanship . ted you honor , I think you understand what I be get at . I have like to subpoena all newspaper to turn over they negative of I . if the chip do not occur until March 1978 , two month after the chi omega crime , and the state 's odontologist say otherwise , then the state 's odontologist have obviously take my tooth and twisted they every which way but loose to fit . 92 . judge cowart Sir , you may jump up and down and hang from the chandelier , but the court will not dash for new evidence at you command . ted ( under breath ) lazy prick ... judge cowart you impress I not , sir . ted the feel be mutual , you honor . judge cowart I be sure it be , bless you heart . unless there be anything else , Ms. boone may be excuse . ted there be one more matter , you honor . Ted and carole Ann smile at each other . ted will you marry I ? carole ann yes . ted then I do hereby marry you . the court freeze in surprise . larry simpson ( beat ) be you shitting I ? objection . ted you honor , public declaration , properly phrase , in a open courtroom , in the presence of court officer , constitute a lawful marriage in the state of Florida . cowart shrug at the incredulous Simpson . the newlywed gleam . then -- the image cut out like a tv shutting off . 93 . 147 int . liz' house - night 147 Jerry have just turn off the tv . Liz send he a vicious look . jerry you need to let he go . he be slowly kill you and you do not even realize it . liz you be just jealous Ted and I have a bond that you and I never could . I know you unplug the phone when I fall asleep . be it he that call the other day ? Jerry do not answer . liz what do he say ? jerry it do not matter . liz what did he say ? jerry he froze up because he know I know he 's a weasel . he be go to fry , Liz , and if you ask I , that 's the easy way out compare to the slow , protract destruction you be put yourself through by hold onto he like this . he be kill you , because you be let he . liz get out . Jerry do not move . liz get out ! Liz slap Jerry who stand he ground . instead of leave , Jerry step toward she . jerry you need to let he go , lizzy . 94 . liz ( break down ) I just want this all to be over . I wish I could take it all back . jerry take what back ? why do you act like you be personally responsible for everything that 's happen to he ? pushing in on Liz ... liz ( long beat ) because I be the one who give he name to the police . that 's what start this entire nightmare . over , we hear / see the open police call -- but now we also get the other side of the conversation ... dispatcher ( v.o. ) King County sheriff 's Department . liz ( v.0 . ) yes , my name be Elizabeth kendall . I be call to report someone who match the description of the guy from Lake Sam who be see with that girl who disappear ... Liz be the one who give Ted 's name to the police . liz ( v.0 . ) be he ever go to find out it be I who call ? dispatcher ( v.o. ) no , he will not find out . int . miami courtroom - day as Larry Simpson deliver he close statement , again with he easel , this time we see in detail the actual evidence blow ups ... -- a pillow soaked in blood -- flake of oak bark on blood -spatter sheet -- buttocks bite MARK photo -- macro closeup of ted 's ghastly teeth 155 95 . -- pantyhose mask -- '' hole-in - the-head '' photo -- skull missing entire frontal plane from blunt force trauma -- pantyhose garrotte so tight the neck be half its size larry simpson ...- he may ask for mercy . his mother may ask for mercy . but how nice it would have be if Lisa levy 's and Margaret bowman 's mother could have be there that morning of January 15 , 1978 and ask for mercy for they . time CUT : now Ted deliver he close statement ... ted lady and gentleman , the prosecution open this trial by argue this case be about more than murder . I would like to close it by make that same argument . there be two way for the police to investigate a crime . they can go to a crime scene , look for clue , and follow that clue to they logical conclusion . or , they can begin with a suspect , decide on a suspect , and work to make the evidence fit only that suspect . two juror , floy and bernest , actually drowse in they seat . ted this be about more than murder . this be about truth . you can not judge a man until you know the whole truth . int . liz' house - continuing sc . 147 155 Liz break down in Jerry 's arm , collapse into a rock - bottom mess . Jerry gently rock she as she cry . we think we see love in the beginning with Ted but it be a illusion . this be what love look like . 149 150 151 int . holding room - day Ted wait with reporter . carole Ann by he side . contrast against Liz and Jerry , Ted and carole Ann 's relationship feel hollow , a artifice . reporter be it just be in the wrong place at the wrong time , Ted ? ted it 's just be I in any place , I guess . one set of circumstance seem to bootstrap another , and once you get people think in that vein , police officer , they want to solve crime , and sometimes they do not really think thing through . they be willing to take the convenient alternative . the convenient alternative be I . bailiff Watson arrive : bailiff watson the jury have reach a verdict . ted Seven hour . bless they heart . int . miami courtroom - day 96 . 149 150 the jury file in . the foreman pass the verdict to judge cowart who pass it to court clerk shirley lewis . Ted stand . court clerk lewis we the jury , in Miami - dade County , Florida , find the defendant , Theodore Robert Bundy ... ..+. as we push in on the lawyer , the groupy , the press . -..on Louise . +-.on carole ann. int . liz' house - day 151 ...- Liz and Jerry , now watch together . he 's she support . 97 . 152 int . miami courtroom - day 152 ... closer on Ted , alone , betray no emotion . court clerk lewis ( 0.s. ) --- guilty as charge . ...- Larry Simpson pump he fist . he win . 153 int . liz 's house - day 153 ...- Liz 's soul die behind she eye . 154 int . miami courtroom - day 154 the SOUND drop out , except for judge cowart 's voice , which sound as clinically detach as the narration of a old public service announcement . judge cowart it be this court 's reason judgment that you be adjudicate guilty of murder in the first degree ; that the killing be indeed atrocious and cruel , in that they be extremely wick , shockingly evil , vile , and with utter indifference to human life ; and that you shall be put to death by a current of electricity that shall pass through you body until you be dead . 156 int . miami courtroom - day 156 now in the penalty phase of the trial , Ted listen to he mother break down on the witness stand . louise I consider the death penalty to be the most primitive , barbaric thing that one human can impose on another . my Christian upbringing tell I that to take another 's life under any circumstance be wrong , and I do not believe the state of Florida be above the law of God . judge cowart ( tenderly ) now , now , mother . we have not lose a mother yet . Ted choke up . int . aa meeting - night Liz stand in a aa meeting . int . miami courtroom - day as Ted stand before judge cowart . int . aa meeting - night tremble . scare : liz my name be Elizabeth kendall , and I be a alcoholic . int . miami courtroom - day shaky . tearful . like a son face he father : ted I be not ask for mercy . I find it absurd to ask for mercy for something I do not do . I be not the one responsible for this horrific act . although the verdict find in part that that crime have be commit , it erred in find who commit they . as a consequence , I can not accept the sentence , because it be not a sentence of I , it be a sentence of someone else who be not stand here today . judge cowart the court be go to sentence the person find guilty of the offense . you name , sir , be on the verdict . carole Ann struggle to restrain she own revulsion . judge cowart ( genuinely ) take care of yourself , young man . I say that to you sincerely . you be a bright young man . you have have make a good lawyer , and I x'da love to have you practice in front of I . but you go another way , partner . ( more ) 98 . 99 . judge cowart ( cont 'd ) it 's a tragedy to see such a total waste of humanity that I have experience in this courtroom . I do not have any animosity toward you . I want you to know that . take care of yourself . ted thank you . cowart anti-climactically tap the gavel . Ted look into the gallery in time to see carole Ann run out without look back . he 's now completely alone . as he 's shackle and take away , the camera find -- etched into the wood of the defense table where Ted 's seat be , the silhouette of a shark . CUT to black . we think it 's over , until ... int . university medical division - day the office be now more modernize . other woman work here now , and there 's a different face at Liz 's old desk . super : 1989 . nine year later . after a beat , liz , now in she 40s , exit a office mark '' director . '' she 's several year sober and further along in she life . she watch the office work . proud of how far she 's come . a young woman arrive -- Liz 's very own secretary : liz' secretary Mrs. kendall ? this come for you . liz ( smile ) thank you , Janet . Liz feel a jolt when she see the return address be from florida state prison . she consider it the same way a alcoholic consider a drink after nine year of sobriety ... int . liz' office - day Liz put the unopen letter in she desk drawer and shut it . but we can tell it 's the only thing on she mind . 161 100 . int . liz' office - night later , with she coworker go for the evening , Liz shut the door . she take the letter out from she desk , open it , and read it alone ... ted ( v.o. ) dear Liz . this will be my last letter . if anyone deserve to hear it as it be -- it 's you . off Liz , yet to look away ... CUT to : archival footage of the usual mix of protester and supporter line up outside the prison with sign and t- shirt ... the circus be still strong nine year later ... news reporter ( v.o. ) ..+. convict murderer Ted Bundy be set to die tomorrow in the electric chair unless the Florida Supreme Court grant he a fourth stay of execution ... int . high security visitation room - day 161 Liz wait , nervously bounce she leg . a metal door open . Liz steel herself . this be the hardest thing Liz have ever have to do . separate by glass ... guard usher in Ted , now 42 , thin , gaunt , lack the sturdy frame of he youth . pale from nine year behind bar . by now he 's get use to the leg brace and chain as he move . he stop dead when he see Liz . he sit across from she . pick up the phone . she hesitates , then pick up hers . a long beat of silence . neither know what to say . ted ( beat ) never lose hope . Ted notice Liz 's wedding ring . tries to hide the sting with a smile . his smile -- which do not have the same power anymore . it 's dimmer . weaker . liz I do not come to catch up , Ted . I come because I need to hear the truth . * 101 . ted it 's all there in the letter . liz the whole truth . ted there be no truth , only controversy . liz there be detective from seven state out there , line up with armload of open case file . ted it 's never go to stop , be it ? liz it will stop with the truth . you can stop it . ted I do not do anything , Liz . liz ( be : detective outside ) you be tell they that you do . that 's what you be do , right ? Trading the truth to buy more time ? ted I be tell they what they want to hear because it 's the only way to save my life . I have not be convict of anything except this Florida thing -- which I be still appeal -- but they be go to fry I tomorrow if I do not give they something . I have no choice . liz do you remember the night we meet ? ted you make heart valve . liz you tell I you be a lawyer . we start with a lie , Ted . ted my love be never a lie . I fall in love the moment I see you . 102 . liz I need to hear the truth now . ted you know I be not capable of this thing , Liz . I would never hurt a woman . have I ever laid a hand on you ? have I ever even raise my voice ? remember when we go shopping for ski rack and that lady get she purse snatch -- liz I be the one who give you name to the police . Ted let it sink in . liz it be 1974 . they put that sketch in the paper of the man at Lake Sam who use a fake cast to lure two girl into help he mount a sailboat onto a ski rack on he volkswagen bug . a ski rack that I leat you . ted I remember that sketch . everyone tease I about the resemblance . we use to laugh about it together . liz part of I never believe you be capable of this thing . part of I still do not . for year , I have carry this horrible guilt that I be to blame for everything . I use to think I ruin you life , but now I realize you almost ruin mine . what if I could have save some of that girl ? I can not live like this anymore , Ted . it 's not my guilt . it 's yours . you be the only one who can release I . a long beat . you could hear a pin drop . Ted 's unreadable . liz do you do this thing , Ted ? ted of course not . 103 . liz denise naslund and Janice ott , the two girl from Lake Sam ? ted no . liz Carol daronch , the girl from Utah , who be too scared to even look at you in court ? ted no ! liz the Colorado girl ? ted oh , Liz , you have always be insatiable . you have obviously come with a agenda and I be sorry I can not give you what you want . liz the sorority girl in Florida ? ted ( laugh ) absolutely not . liz kimberly Leach ? she be twelve , Ted ... twelve ! Ted suddenly pound the table . a flash of anger . ted I do not do this thing , Liz . liz ( long beat ) do you ever want to do that to I ? a long , heavy silence . ted I wish we could be alone ... and talk about thing ... with nobody listen ... 104 . liz ( beat ) Ted , be you tell I ... that you be sick ? ted ( bark ) back off ! first time we have see he unhinge . first time Liz be in control . liz I tell you the truth , now you need to do the same for I . Ted stare at she . nostril flaring . she 's not let up . liz ( desperate ) I have be suffocating for nine year , Ted . nine year I have have you hand around my neck . you be kill I , Ted . you need to release I . ted not you , Liz . anyone but you . Liz pull out a manila envelope mark '' confidential '' -- the one detective Fisher leave at she house all that year ago . from it , she withdraw a 9x11 photograph and presses it against the glass in front of Ted . we do not see the photo , we just see Ted fix on it . his carotid artery pulse fast in he neck . his jaw protrude . his eye fix in a lock -stare that look almost inhuman , like he 's just be transport to whatever scene he 's see . and it 's absolutely fuck terrifying . liz ( beat ) what happen to she head ? as if break from deep reverie , Ted look up -- pupil shrink to pinhole , like he 's recede into a distant tunnel in the back of he head . ted ( slightly disorient ) um , if she be deposit in the wood , animal could have conceivably -- 105 . liz animal do not do that . Ted start to tremble . ted do not make I say it , Liz . I be not a bad guy . liz ( beat ) you need to release I . room tone louder than thunder ... after a unbearably long beat , Ted lift he finger as if to touch the photo , but then we hear the squeak of he finger on glass and realize he’s writing something over the photo ... once he finish , Liz look terrify to remove the photo and reveal it . before she do ... ecu on ted 's signature blue eye , as we zoom through a barrage of imagery that be extremely wicked , shockingly evil , and vile ... quick cut of the destruction he have wrought -- intercut with earlier moment from our movie that now have a completely different feel to they in this new context ... -- Ted bark in Liz 's ear on they first date ... -- the burglary tool we do not see : ski mask ... crowbar ... ice pick ... -- Ted slinging Molly over he shoulder ... -- Ted pretend to bite Liz 's nose at the fundraiser ... -- Liz smell Ted 's clothes in he luggage ... -- Ted under the cover with a flashlight peeping at Liz 's naked body as she sleep ... -- Ted '' hunt '' Liz as they foreplay ... -- Ted clamping he hand around Liz 's neck in sex ... -- Ted 's anger in pound the table ... -- Ted 's eye -- no longer sweet and blue , but black and scary 162 163 106 . the cut come so fast it 's nauseate . realizing this evil have be in front of we -- seduce we -- the entire time . it 's not that we do not see it , it 's that we do not want to . like Liz , like he victim , like everyone he encounter , we be inexplicably mesmerize by Ted . we want to believe he because we like h now that we know the truth -- the whole truth -- and nothing but the truth -- we feel disgust . this barrage of image all culminate with one word scrawled in the dust of the window as liz remove the photo ... hacksaw the '' k " '' be write backwards . Liz skid up out of she chair , gasp in revulsion . eye fill with shock , awe , horror ... back far , far away ... Ted keep he eye downcast . face pale . can not bring himself to look Liz directly in the eye and make no effort to explain . he be , in this precise moment , lose to she . we stay with liz , retreate from she former lover , a complete and monstrous stranger now . she bang on the door . int . prison hallway - continuous 162 Liz hurry through security checkpoint , tear stream , past a long line of detective -- there 's Mike Fisher , norm chapman , Kathy mcchesney , etc . -- all with arm load of case file ... ext . raiford prison - day 163 .-- into the claustrophobic humidity where she finally let free a maelstrom of emotion release in a instant . it 's not sadness or shock . it 's a great burden leave she -- guilt -- insecurity -- self - loathing -- codependency -- Ted . and there wait for she , next to a cheap rental car ... be jerry and teenage molly . they wrap they arm around Liz -- she journey be now complete . 107 . teenage molly I be proud of you , Mom . together , they get into a rental car and drive onto a desert highway that cut through the vast wasteland that be starke , Florida ... drive away from the prison ... move forward .... start new ... feel strong . fade out . super : Ted Bundy be execute on January 24 , 1989 . day before he execution , he confess to 30 murder . he be suspect of many more . most of he victim have never be find . he be cremate and scattered in the cascade ... one of the rest spot of many of he victim . Liz still life in Washington with she family . she be sober . carole Ann give birth to a girl fathere by Ted while on death row . they whereabouts be unknown .