extract written by Mike judge March 2008 begin credit : ext . reynold extract build - day a idyllic american factory . there 's a huge , long lawn in front . a reynold extract sign in brick with flower / landscape around it , sit near the entrance . we see from the number of car in the parking lot that it 's a company of about 50 - 75 employee . int . reynold extract build - day we be in a manufacturing area of a assembly - line production . it 's a big room full of intricate machine , huge vat of different color extract and other food flavor product , conveyor belt , bottle machine , etc . it have a high ceiling with office on the second floor that have big window overlook this manufacturing area . we pan up to the main office . inside the office joel reynold , head of the company , mid-thirty , be on the phone with he friend dean . dean ( v.o. ) you should come by tonight . half price well drink while the game 's go . joel you always give I free drink though . dean ( v.o. ) oh yeah . well come by anyway . joel yeah ?... might as well . no action go on at my house , that 's for sure . dean ( v.o. ) really ? the wife out of town ? joel no ... I just have not be laid in a month . 2 . dean ( v.o. ) you guy have problem or something ? joel no . this be pretty much normal this day ... as credit continue , camera pull out , back down to the manufacturing area , past a big vat of orange extract , down through various stage of assembly line production , then follow several bottle of orange extract move past hector , a mexican immigrant employee in he thirty . the camera stop on he . talk to hector be step , a short , beady - eye Charles - Manson -look guy with a beard and mustache . step be in he forty . he make everything he say sound as macho and important as possible . step you get this job through manpower ? hector yeah . step I start here with manpower too . start out on the line just like you . ( dead - serious ) only I do better ... 40 crate a day . beat . hector be not quite sure what he 's talk about . step continue tell he tale in such a way that the only polite reaction would be one of total amazement . step ( cont 'd ) I be the best sorter in here . that 's why they make I full time with benefit . I will probably be floor manager this year . a few feet away we see rory , a stocky indie-rock geek , with too many tatoos , hair shave on the side with a ponytail , lot of bad piercing , wear baggy short with lot of pocket and some kind of gothy T-shirt -- a look that ought to be out of style by now . 3 . rory be put sticker on box with a sticker gun . he flip the sticker gun around unnecessarily between each application , add a few unnecessary move / motion , slapping each box when he 's do , generally make the activity look like more of a skill than it actually be . he approach step and hector , pull out some flier from he many pocket . rory ( hand they each a flier ) my band 's play this Friday , come check we out . hector look down at the flier . it 's xerox with fifty clip-art , cut out letter and the name of the band , " God 's cock " . hector just look at it confuse , not know much English , not sure what he 's suppose to be do with the flier . at the end of the line , where box be load onto pallet , sit mary , 58 year old , wear a 15 - year - old pair of acid - wash jeans , and a oversize tweety - bird T-shirt , fanny pack , and dayglow yellow triangle - shape earring . she 's pear - shape with short hair . she 's bitter and bossy , always shaking she head at everyone . she sit on a stool with a clipboard , look over she glass at hector , shaking she head . she talk to gabriella , a Hispanic woman in she forty . mary you see that ... that new guy . he 's hold we up . it 's not my job to tell they to hold the line either . gabriella and then Joel 's gonna come yell at we , cuz he 's not do he job . mary ( fold she arm , feed up ) I be just gonna sit here . gabriella you be not gonna shut it off ? mary I be not gonna hold the line . if they be not gonna do they job , why should I do mine . Mary sit there , arm fold , lip purse , refuse to pause the conveyor belt . 4. int . joel be office - continuous Joel be still on the phone with Dean . joel if I do not get home before about 8:00 , she put on the sweatpant and once the sweatpant be on , it 's over -- I get nothing . ( notice something down below ) shit . I be gonna have to call you back . Joel hang up and run downstairs . on the manufacactur floor : box start to accumulate and fall off the end of the line . step see this , run to shut off the line , yell at Mary . step what be you do ?! mary what be you do ?! ( point at hector ) what be he do ? a yelling / bickering match break out between Mary , step , rory and gabriella . Joel run over , shut off the conveyor belt . joel ( cont 'd ) all right . now , what 's the problem ? they all erupt in more bickering and finger pointing . joel ( cont 'd ) okay ! okay , everyone settle down . now Mary . hector here be new okay ? it 's gonna take he a couple of day , maybe he English be not so good . you gotta be patient . step that 's what I be tryin ' to say . joel and step , if you wanna be floor manager , this be the kind of thing you be go to have to deal with . 5 . step ( kiss - ass ) exactly . joel okay , now step , rory , hector , let 's get this clean up , and get roll again . we can not afford to fall behind today . Joel walk away . people resume they post . Mary start right back up with gabriella . mary you see that ? we always get the blame . int . joel be office - a little later Joel sit in he swivel chair , look down at the production floor , shaking he head . brian , Joel 's second in command , walk in . he 's a little older than Joel , neatly trim beard , aviator glass , and a bit of a gut . he wear a reynold 's extract golf shirt and khaki pants . he walk over to the window , join Joel , look down at the employee . joel Jesus ... they be like a bunch of goddamn child . brian tell I about it . sorry I miss the drama ; I be show boy-genius down there how to back up a forklift . angle on rory , drive the forklift , hand out a flier as he pass someone . brian ( cont 'd ) that 's he whole career , drive that damn forklift . you would think he would wanna learn how . joel well , I guess he 's get that band he 's in too ... brian ( disgust at the word " band " ) " Band " , ugh ... ( more ) 6 . brian ( cont 'd ) I will bet dollar to donut he suck at that too . then you get ah ... ( try to remember she name but can not ) dinkus down there ... joel who , Mary ? brian no , the other one -- what 's - she - face -- she ask I -- or rather " axed " I -- for more personal day . just like that . I tell she maybe if she figure out how to fill out the time sheet correctly I will give she more personal day ... ( off Joel 's look ) do not worry , she will never fill out she time sheet correctly . Joel look down at the production floor . Joel 's Pov : angle on : Mary and step bicker . step walk off . Mary and gabrielle shaking they head and yapping like a couple of old hen . joel ( o.s. ) look at them ... I be so sick of baby sit this asshole . ( look at he watch ) I better get go ... Joel leave in a hurry , mumble something about " sweatpant . " int . joel be car - late afternoon Joel drive home , in a hurry , check he dashboard clock . it 's a upscale neighborhood of mcmansion in a town like lincoln nebraska . he turn a corner , slow down suddenly when he see something . joel be Pov : nathan , a middle - age , overweight , annoying guy be go out to the street to get he mail . joel ( to himself , praying ) please go back inside ... please just turn around .. . come on ... do not notice I ... 7 . it 's too late . Nathan turn , see Joel 's car and wave , then cross the street to Joel 's driveway and wait to talk to he . joel ( to himself ) shit ! Joel pull into he driveway as Nathan flag he down . Joel begrudgingly roll down the passenger side window so Nathan can talk to he . nathan hi there Joel ! glad I catch ya ... Nathan settles in like he 's go to be there a while , lean with he arm fold , hang inside the car , trapping Joel . nathan how have ya be ? I leave you a message last week . I do not know if you get it or not . joel yeah , actually Nathan , I be kind of in a hurry here . nathan oh yeah ? you be busy ? joel yeah , in fact ... ( check he watch ) I should go right now actually . I gotta call the office before they leave . nathan well , real quick while I get ya here -- what be you guy do November 17th ? joel ah , I do not ah ... ( realize he should fake it ) actually we be go to be out of town that weekend . nathan oh yeah ? where you go ? 8. joel ah ... nathan oh , wait a minute -- I be sorry , I mean the 7th . yeah , November 7th . you will be in town then right ? joel ( defeated ) ah ... yeah . nathan great . there 's this dinner Leslie and I be go to . it 's a annual thing -- we do it every year with the rotary Club -- it 's for charity . it 's just a whole lot of fun , and we want to invite you and suzie to be we guest at we table . it 's -- joel I be sorry , I ah ... I just do not think that 's something we be gonna want to do . nathan really ? why not ? it 's a lot of fun . joel oh , I do not know . suzie do not really like go to stuff like that -- nathan why not ? joel well , we would not know anybody there . she get 's kind of uncomfortable . nathan oh no -- it 's not like that . she will not be uncomfortable . I guarantee it . no , it 's not like that at all . it 's not formal or anything . trust I . it 's just a real loose bunch . 9 . joel I just do not ... nathan I tell you what . why do not we do this -- I will go ahead and get ticket , since they be gonna sell out fast . you talk to suzie . see what she say . like I say , she will not be uncomfortable at all . maybe I will have Leslie give she a call -- you know how it be when the wife talk , heh heh -- Joel be about to snap . joel um , why do not we talk about this later . ( look at he watch ) I gotta make this call before they leave . Joel pull away , force Nathan to raise off the window sill . joel ( cont 'd ) ( calling back ) sorry ... I just gotta make this call ! int . joel be garage - continuous Joel pull the car in , step out and be shocked to see Nathan right there in he garage . nathan sorry , I almost forget -- the ticket be forty dollar a plate . I know that 's a little steep , but the food be fantastic and it 's for a good cause . so that would be eighty dollar total . there 's no tax or anything . joel ah , look Nathan , I really gotta get inside and make this call . let 's talk about this another time . Joel have he finger on the button to shut the garage door , wait for Nathan to get out . Nathan stop , just inside . 10 . nathan oh , and if you need we to look out for the house or anything when you go out of town -- Joel 's finger still on the garage door button . nathan well , just let we know . where you guy go anyway ? joel ( bullshitting ) ah , just sort of a vacation . look , I gotta run . Joel hit the button and the door start go down . nathan alright then . we will see ya . Nathan finally step out of the garage . Joel breath a huge sigh of relief . then , angle on the garage door : as it get halfway down , we see Nathan 's leg , head back towards the door . Nathan lean down into frame as the door go down . nathan oh , Joel one more thing -- Joel let the door shut on he , and bolt into the house . int . joel be house - evening Joel walk into the live room just as he wife , suzie , enter from the bedroom pull on she sweatpant . a look of disappointment on Joel 's face . suzie be a decent look woman , about Joel 's age . joel man , that Nathan will not shut up . suzie yeah , what a asshole . I do not even go into the front yard anymore . that wife of he be even worse . 11 . suzie plop down on the couch look tired and piss off . Joel sit down next to she . suzie ( cont 'd ) we gotta get a new pool cleaner . I do not think that asshole check the chlorine level again like I ask he too ... Joel put he arm around she , caress she shoulder . she do not seem to notice as he start get fresh . suzie ( cont 'd ) . and every time he be here , he go on and on about some problem with the goddamn filter , and I have no idea what he 's talk about ... delay reaction -- she notice Joel be get frisky . he get closer , start kissing she neck . suzie ( cont 'd ) ( uncomfortable ) ah , ... Joel ? joel what ? suzie I be sorry . it 's just ... I be a little tired , and , I do not know , it 's the middle of the week ... joel it 's not the middle of the week . it 's Monday . why can not -- suzie Monday ? ( freezes , suddenly realizing something ) oh shit ! joel ( worried ) what ?! suzie idol ! suzie jump up with newfound energy , run for the remote and turn on the tv . Joel just sit there . 12 . suzie plop down in a barcalounger . suzie ( cont 'd ) sorry honey . maybe this weekend . Joel leave the room . int . joel' bathroom -- later [ Quick scene of Joel try to masturbate ( off screen of course ) , but he 's too distract by the sound of a bad out - of - tune idol audition blaring through the wall . ] ext . scoreboard sport bar -- night establish shot . a sport bar that 's part of a holiday Inn . int . scoreboard -- continuous Joel sit at the bar . dean , the owner of the bar , late forty , and a old friend of Joel 's , sit behind the bar on a stool . joel I gotta get a house with a bathroom that 's do not share a wall with the tv . dean why do not you do that in another bathroom . you have get three of them . joel it would look suspicious . we never use that other bathroom ... maybe if I have some insulation put in ... dean insulation ?... all I know be , you should not move man ; you have get a nice house . I mean you have get the american dream really -- you own you own company . I can not believe you use to bar back for I here , and now you have get all that . joel but what do I have really ? it 's a big pain in the ass . ( more ) 13 . joel ( cont 'd ) I be always work ; can not stop or the whole place will fall apart . and what good do it do I anyway ? I do not get laid . that stock guy with the shitty band that work for I probably get laid more than I do . dean ( try to help ) yeah , but he probably life in a crappy apartment . joel Hell , I would move into a crappy apartment if the bathroom be not right next to the tv . int . music store - day cindy , a girl in she early twenty , be at the counter look at a new Gibson hollow - body electric guitar -- one of the really nice one . the price tag say $ 3,950 . she 's beautiful and sexy and all that , but there 's something vulnerable and sweet about she as well . two salesmen , typical music store employee -- long-haire , goateed , nerdy cocky guitar-hacks be give she way too much attention . it 's clear that they do not usually have woman this hot in they store . they practically stumble over each other try to help she . salesman # 1 yeah , it 's expensive but it 's sweet ... be you familiar with the Gibson humbuck pickup ? cindy no , sorry . I do not play . it 's for my dad actually -- for he fiftieth birthday . my sister and I be all pitching in . salesman # 2 ah , that 's nice ... you dad would love this humbuckings . they really kick ass . a annoyed male customer have be wait behind Cindy , try to get some help , but he might as well be invisible . he try to address salesman # 2 , off to the side . 14 . male customer Excuse I ... I just have a quick question ... salesman # 2 be oblivious , never take he eye off Cindy . salesman # 2 ( oblivious ) so , what kind of music do he play ? both salesmen 's eye be glue to Cindy as male customer finally get sick of wait and storm off into the keyboard room . cindy I think he play like , jazz or something . I be not sure . salesman # 2 well this be a excellent jazz guitar . it 's what Pat metheny play . salesman # 1 be you dad into metheny at all ? cindy oh , I do not know who that be . sorry . salesman # 2 he 's like , a totally kickass fusion guitarist . be you into fusion ? cindy I do not really know much about it ... salesman # 2 I play fusion guitar so ... just curious . cindy um , do they come in any other color ? salesman # 1 you mean different finish ? there 's a sunburst finish we might have in stock . 15 . salesman # 2 yeah , do you wanna see it ? I will go get it . salesman # 1 or I could go . whatever . cindy be you sure ? salesman # 1 / salesman # 2 oh totally . / no prob ! / I will show you the case it come with too . the salesmen practically trip over each other , go into the back to find the other guitar . Cindy stand there alone for a beat . she look around . then casually pick up the four-thousand dollar guitar and walk out the front door with it . ext . music store - continuous action Cindy walk a few yard over to she car , a ' 92 tercel , put the guitar in the trunk , get in and take off . int . music store - continuous action the two salesmen return -- one carry the sunburst - finish guitar and the other with the hard - shell case . they look around , notice she 's go . they stand there for a beat , disappointed , before they realize what just happen . salesman # 1 oh shit !... ( frantically looking around ) the gibson ! they run out the front door , but Cindy be long go . int . joel be office - day Joel be at he desk . Brian come in , excited . brian you be not gonna believe this . remember the guy from General Mills that call a while back ? talk like he want to buy we out ? 16 . joel I think you say he be not serious ; he be just sniff around . brian yeah , well he 's serious now . he just make a offer -- I mean a real offer this time . joel you be kid . brian no . it must be part of some bigger strategic move , because it 's over market value I think . joel wow ... Joel let it sink in . he walk over to the window , look down on the production floor . joel I could unload all this ... I could probably retire ... brian I mean , yeah , there 's a lot of detail to work out , but this could be great . they will be call back next week , what should I tell they ? Joel look down , see Mary sit with she arm fold , shaking she head . joel tell them hell yes . int . manufacactur floor - continuous Mary sit with she arm fold , refuse to hold the line . mary I already warn he . this be the last time . I be just gonna sit here . in slow motion , we see : 17 . - the first box fall off the end of the assembly line , bottle shatter . - rory , carry some box slip on the break bottle of goopey extract , fall and slide into a aisle . - a forklift stop suddenly to avoid hit rory , cause a huge stack of pallet to fall off . - Quick shot of Mary shaking she head in slow-motion . - just as step round a corner to see what 's go on , the pallet land on a bunch of pipe and high - pressure valve which burst open send a piece of shrapnel fly across the room head straight for - step' crotch . the shrapnel head straight for he genital , as we CUT to : ext . reynold extract build - day step be on a stretcher be load into a medivac helicopter by a couple of ems guy . step moan in pain as Joel try to comfort he . a small crowd of employee watch . angle on Mary in the crowd , shaking she head . mary I know it . that 's what happen when you do not pay attention . int . scoreboard -- later Joel sit at the bar , on a cell phone . Dean sit behind the bar on a stool . joel ( to the person on the phone ) uh-huh ... alright . let I know if you hear anything else . he hang up , talk to Dean . joel ( cont 'd ) well , he 's definitely lose one of them . they think they might be able to re-attach the other one , but they be not sure . 18 . dean ( shaking he head ) wow ... joel yeah ... I be not sure how it happen , but we have a great safety record and we comply with all the safety code so ... it be just a freak accident . there will be a investigation of some kind I be sure . dean well , you have insurance for that kind of thing , right ? joel oh yeah . of course . in fact , he will probably get a huge settlement . dean yeah . I would think so . I mean , it 's you ball ... beat , as they contemplate the profundity of it . joel Boy it really make you stop and think about how fragile we be -- especially we ball . they be just hang there in a little sack between we leg . at any moment they could be cut off forever . dean yeah . and you ball be really important man . you ball be everything . what kind of life would you have with no testicles ? can you imagine that shit ? joel yeah ... beat . joel ( cont 'd ) you know Dean , my life would not be much different than it be now actually . ( more ) 19 . joel ( cont 'd ) except for once every three month when I have sex with my wife . in fact , I might even be better off ... dean wait . Three month ? I think you say it be once a month . joel I do ? I must have be lie . I do not know ... maybe thing will get better when I sell the company . I will be around more ... dean well , I hope so . that would suck ... I get laid all the time . ( off Joel 's reaction ) sorry . joel ah , it 's all right ... ( thinks ) actually , it suck . dean yeah , sexual frustration be bad news ... you know what you oughtta do ? joel what ? dean get some xanax . joel xanax ? be not that for anxiety ? dean yeah it be , but I find it 's good for just about any phsychological problem . I mean , basically it just make you feel good , so it sort of work for anything . I even take it when I have a cold . it 's probably great for sexual frustration . want I to get you some ? joel no . 20 . dean you know what else be good ? codeine cough syrup . joel for what ? dean it 's just good . Joel look at Dean for a beat . joel ( cont 'd ) be you on something now ? dean no ... well , I guess I take some vicodin this morning . but that be just ' cause I be hung-over . ext . pawn shop - day establish shot , a pawn shop in a strip mall . Cindy 's car park out in front . int . pawn shop - continuous Cindy be at the counter , the Gibson guitar we see earlier be in front of she . a pawn shop guy be count out money . he pause , look around , then speak sympathetically to she . pawn shop guy um , you know , I be really not suppose to say this ... but since this belong to you father , and since he pass away and all ... ( quietly ) you could probably get a better deal at a music store . cindy oh , that 's okay . thanks . but I just kind of wanna get it over with , you know ? it 's kind of hard for I . pawn shop guy I understand . he look around to see if he boss be watch , then count off a few more twenties , feel sorry for she . 21 . pawn shop guy ( cont would ) here . int . cindy car - moment later Cindy put the money in she wallet , along with a driver 's license . close on the wallet . Cindy shuffles through three or four different driver 's license . on one , she name say misty patterson . it 's a Kansas license . she take another one out from Colorado , with the name cindy metzler on it and put that in front , then put the wallet away . a newspaper sit on the front seat . something grab she attention . angle on the newspaper : we see a article about step 's accident . there 's a picture of step be take away on the stretcher . Cindy start read the article , with grow interest . cindy Pov : she scan the article , zeroing in on certain word , " .. . potentially big settlement ... " " ... no testicles ... " " several million dollar " then back to " no testicles " then quickly back and forth several time -- " million dollar " " no testicles " " million dollar " " no testicles " on cindy face - a look of determination . she look one more time at the name under the picture -- Don " step " wilkenson , then zeroe in on the word " reynold 's extract . " she start the car and speed away . int . reynold extract build - conference room - day Joel sit with Brian . Brian have a clipboard , go over the day 's business . brian so obviously step 's not come back anytime soon . I have to hire a couple temp . be that okay ? joel yeah , sure . how be step ? 22 . brian better . they say he 's go home in a couple of day . speak of which , the guy at General Mills hear about this whole step thing . they be worried . if step decide to sue we -- beyond the insurance settlement -- it could be a serious liability . they do not want to make a offer until this thing have settle . joel really ? they think it 's that big of a liability ? brian well yeah . do not you ? I mean , think about it . imagine if you ask a bunch of juror how much you would have to pay them to cut they ball off ? I mean , I would not let someone cut my ball off for a billion dollar . seriously -- unless there be some kind of really expensive operation that could give you artificial ball or something . would you ? joel no , I guess not . brian anyway , I would not worry . he say he 's not go to sue we . say he ( crude imitation ) " do not want something ' fer nothin " ' and " what 's right be right . " if we can just get he to sign something to that effect we should be fine . joel Boy , step sure be be mellow about all this . brian yeah , well I think when you lose you ball it mellow you out . you do not get as piss off and aggressive about thing . I know it 's true for horse , and bull . 23 . joel Boy , it sure do make you think .. brian oh , by the way , guess who ask for a raise today ? joel who ? brian ( gesture indiscriminately to someone downstairs ) dinkus . can you believe that ? joel Brian , you call everyone here " dinkus . " I do not know who you be talk about . brian you know , forklift - dinkus ? joel oh ... I think you call he " boy - genius . " brian yeah , well boy-genius ask for a raise . I say , " be you kid ? you nearly get someone kill last week , " and then he blame it on dinkus over there . joel you know Brian , you really ought to learn the employee ' name . brian well , I be think about that , but hey , if this deal go through next week , I will not have to . it 's not like I be gonna be invite dinkus and Boy -genius over for dinner . int . joel be office - next day Joel stand on one side of he office look down through a long window overlook the manufacturing area . Dean come in , walk over to the window , look down at the production floor with Joel . 24 . dean hey man . what 's goin ' of -- whoa ! dean be Pov : it 's cindy , now work down on the floor , on the assembley line . dean ( cont 'd ) damn ! who 's she ? be she new ? joel yeah . she 's a temp . dean she 's a tramp ? joel no a temp . quit stare . dean damn , she 's hot ! Way to go . joel hey , I do not hire she . she come here through manpower , like everybody else . they just send she over . dean manpower , huh ? maybe I should give they a call . you do not usually have girl anywhere near that hot work here . what 's the deal ? joel yeah , I know . I guess it make sense though if you think about it . hot girl need a job just as much as anyone else . dean ( think for a second ) do they really ?... huh ... you just do not see them here . usually you temp look like wino . and they be guy . joel you wanna hear something really weird ? dean what ? 25 . joel she come on to I . dean no way ! really ? joel yeah . I mean , I be pretty sure . I could be wrong , but ... dean hey , I be sure she do . be you kid ? you could have any girl down there . joel I do not know about that . dean I be serious . dude , you be the big shot here . you be the king of ... what do you call that shit you make here again ? joel extract . and spray-dry flavor , and we be branching out into -- dean yeah , you be the extract King man . you could have any girl here . I mean , I would not want most of them , but she ... Way to go Joel . Dean look down at manufacturing area , take it all in . dean ( cont 'd ) so how do she come on to you ? joel well , first she start ask I about what happen to step and all that stuff -- you know , just sort of make conversation ? dean yeah . joel but it really seem like she be flirt with I , you know ? ( more ) 26 . joel ( cont 'd ) then , she just sort of ask I out ... I think . dean really ? how ? joel well , you see that guy down there by the fork lift ? angle on rory , the indi-rock guy with tattoo , etc . joel ( cont 'd ) his band be play somewhere , at some party this weekend , and she ask I if I want to go with she . dean wow . so , you gonna do anything about it ? joel what ? no . no way . I could not live with myself if I cheat on suzie ... it would be nice if I get laid at home once in a while though ... dean ( still stare at she ) man , she be fine . you mind if I hit that then ? beat . joel yeah , I do sort of ... we see a commotion down on the floor . Mary run out of the woman 's locker room scream and yelling . int . reynold extract / manufacactur area - continuous action Mary run over to where hector be work , hysterical . mary my purse be steal ! it 's go ! ( point at hector ) he do it ! he steal my purse ! 27 . Brian run over and stand between they , try to calm Mary down , but she keep ranting . hector look confuse and worried . brian now hold on -- mary I will not hold on ! I will call the cop ! hector ( confuse , frighten ) what ? I do and ... no comprende ... brian ( horrible spanish ) espera un momento hector . tu sabe donde esta su ... uh , purse ? angle on cindy , watch the whole thing -- completely unfaze . Joel rush in . joel now wait a second . calm down Mary . how do you know it be steal ? mary it 's go ! that 's how . joel well , what do it look like . mary it be black with a fur , leopard style border ... as Mary describe the purse , we CUT to : int . cindy car - afternoon Cindy sit in she park car , go through the purse Mary just describe . she take some cash , put it in she pocket , then find what she 's look for -- the address book . angle on address book . Cindy turn to the we and find step wilkenson . she note he address . she start the car and take off . 28 . ext . STREET in front of step' house - a little later Cindy sit and wait , listen to the radio . it 's a very blue-collar neighborhood . she 's about three house away from step 's house , keep a eye on it . after a beat , step limp out of the house , walk over to he pickup truck , painfully get in , and leave . Cindy start the car and follow from a distance . int . grocery store - a little later step wheel he shopping cart into one of the checkout line . he use the cart as a crutch to help he walk . Cindy get in line behind he . she only have one item , a bottle of reynold 's Orange extract . step notice she . step you can go ahead of I if that 's all you have . cindy ( sweetly ) thank you so much . ( hold up extract bottle ) I can not believe I be buy this stuff -- I work at the factory . step really ? I work there too . or , ah , I use to . cindy really ? you be kid ! I just start there . what 's you name ? step I go by step . yeah , I be the fastest sorter there ... as Cindy and step get to know each other we CUT to : int . joel be house - night Joel enter the live room . he first see the sweatpant , then see suzie be sound asleep on the couch . he sigh , then turn and leave . 29 . int . scoreboard sport bar -- night Joel sit at the bar talk to Dean . Joel be drink some kind of hard liquor , get a buzz . joel I be sick of it Dean . I be sick of be turn down in my own house by my own wife . we be turn into one of that brother - sister couple . dean huh ... now that you mention it , you guy kind of look alike too . joel ( grossed out ) no we do not ! dean okay . joel ( take a drink ) maybe thing will be better after I sell the company ... or maybe it 's just go to mean more time to sit around and contemplate not get laid . Dean nod sympathetically . dean what about that girl at work ? she still into you ? joel yeah ... she be really come on to I . she give I she phone number and everything . told I to call she if I want to go to that party . can you believe that ? and there 's nothing I can do about it , but just be sexually frustrated . dean I have get some xanax if you want it . like I say , that always work for I . 30 . joel no thanks ... dean well maybe you should call that girl . joel no , I can not . I can not cheat on suzie . I just gotta power through it until I be so old that I can not get it up anymore . dean what about if suzie cheat on you ? joel hmm ... I have not even think of that ... ( beat ) I wish she would . dean you wish she would cheat on you ? would not that bother you ? Joel think about it . joel no . I do not think it would actually . ( occure to he ) I guess that 's weird huh ? dean yeah , it 's a little weird . sort of . joel but see , then I could do something about all this sexual frustration , without feel guilty about it . dean do you think she would cheat on you ? joel Nah ... dean you sure ? 31 . joel ( consider it ) well , I do not know . hmm ... maybe if she be really tempt she would . like if some really studly guy come on to she . dean so you be say she would probably cheat on you if she be put in temptation 's way ? joel yeah , maybe . dean you know what you oughtta do ? joel ( weary ) I do not wanna do any drug Dean . dean no , no . check this out -- if you really wish you wife would cheat on you , it 's not that hard to make it happen . joel how ? dean hire a gigolo to have a affair with you wife . joel what ? dean I be serious . I know a guy . joel ( incredulous ) you know a gigolo ? dean yeah . joel how do you know a gigolo ? 32 . dean this guy Brad . he come in here all the time . he 's a friend of Vic 's . you could hire he to have a affair with suzie . joel come on Dean . dean why not ? you say you would not care if she cheat on you . then you would be free to go out with that Cindy chick and get you ya - yas out -- with no guilt . Problem solve . ( proud of himself ) man , what a great idea . Joel just shake he head at the whole thing . joel you know , maybe I will try some of that xanax . Dean reach down under the cash register and whip out a little box and pull out a pill . ext . lake -- same time step 's truck be park out at a lake in the country . he and Cindy sit next to each other on the tailgate , look at the star , talk . step I just believe that what 's right be right . cindy that 's right step , and what 's right be for you to send a message . step a message ? cindy you need to send a message so that a horrible accident like this never happen to anyone else ever again . that 's what 's right . and the way you do that be to take they to court . 33. step you think ? cindy yes step ... that 's why I call a lawyer for you -- that guy on all the bus stop bench . step Joe adler ? ( touched ) you do that for I ? cindy mmm hmm ... I just want you to do what 's right step . they start cuddle , kissing . Cindy pull away . cindy I be sorry step , you doctor say you should not get arouse . step no he do not . cindy maybe it be you lawyer , but he talk to you doctor . and you doctor say it 's very important not to get arouse until after the trial ... I be sorry . step that 's okay ... you be so good to I Cindy . they start cuddle again . cindy look step , you be get I turn on , I be get you turn on ... I better just go . int . scoreboard sport bar -- later Joel be start to look really tweak as the drug-alcohol combination begin to kick in . Dean be examine a pill under the cash register light , try to read the small print . he look concerned . 34 . dean shit ... do you remember what color that pill I give you be ? joel huh ? dean damn . I do not think it be xanax . I think that might have be ritalin ... or " special k . " joel ( feel the buzz ) ah , who care ? dean it 's just that , ah , special k be a horse tranquilizer , kinda have a weird effect when people take it but ... well , do not worry about it ... you might not want to drink too much more though . joel ( beginning to slur he speech ) you know that thing you be talk about ? about the gigolo ? dean yeah ? joel do you think it would be wrong to do that ? I mean morally wrong ? dean ( with full authority ) oh nooo . definitely not . what could be morally wrong about it ? joel I do not know ... dean look , if she do not want to go for it , she do not have to . and if she do , then she 's the one who sin , and then it 's perfectly morally right for you to go out and boff whoever you want . 35 . joel ( slurre speech ) yeah , I guess you be right . I can not think of anything morally wrong about it either . beat . joel and this guy , he 's a friend of yours ? what 's he name ? dean Brad . you want I to give he a call ? joel I do not know . it 's kinda weird even talk about it . dean look , this be no big deal Joel . I be serious . joel really ? dean yeah . I mean , you can not lose . just say you be hire he to come clean the pool or something . see what happen . if she do not go for it , then at least you know you be do the right thing by be faithful . joel yeah , I guess you be right ... I do not know . it 's crazy . Dean pour Joel another drink . dean look . have another drink . think about it ... you know what ? why do not I just call Brad and see what he have to say ? joel alright . what the hell . Joel take a big swig of liquor . 36 . int . scoreboard sport bar - back office -- night Dean and Joel be talk with brad , the gigolo . he 's young , blonde , super good - look , but clearly a complete airhead . Joel look really mess up now . joel so it 's two -hundre dollar then ? brad yeah , two -hundre . dean well yeah , but do not forget , I be get ten percent . joel what , so you be a pimp now ? dean ( condescending chuckle ) I do not think they be call " pimp " when it 's with male prostitute , okay . there 's some other word for it -- it 's not a " john , " but it 's something like that . besides , I be the one who hook all this up . and do not worry ' cuz it 's come out of Brad 's money anyway . joel alright , alright . ( to brad ) so it 's two -hundre dollar then ? dean two-hundred and twenty . joel wait a minute -- brad um , I have a question ? joel yeah ? Brad look at Joel , deeply concerned . 37 . brad so like , be you gonna , like , watch or something ? joel no no no . God no ! it 's not like that . I will not even be there . I will be at work . remember ? we already talk about this . Brad look blank , like he 's not get it . joel what you will do , be come to my house pretend to be the new pool cleaner . then you simply try to seduce my wife . okay ? if she do not respond , you simply clean the pool and leave . that 's all . it 's that simple . hold on Brad for a long beat . brad so , uh , you be not gonna touch my ass or anything ...? joel no ! try to pay attention okay ? I will not be there . I will be at work . you come over to my house while I be not there , pose as the new pool cleaner and then try to seduce she ... Brad finally make a breakthrough . brad oooh , I see . sorry man . yeah , yeah . I get it now . you be not even gonna be there ... joel yeah , that 's right . brad yeah ... cool . no problem . this be gonna be great ! joel remember , she might not go for it -- Brad start to get a little too excited . 38 . brad yeah , this be gonna be cool ! I can hardly wait ! awesome . hey man , if you know anyone else who need -- you know -- what I do , like you know , lonely housewive and shit , maybe you could tell them about I , you know ... Joel look on with grow concern as Brad can not seem to stop talk . brad cuz like , I figure if I do a few job and I be , like , really good ? then maybe they would tell they friend , you know , and they would give I a ... what do you call that thing ? dean referral . brad yeah yeah , that thing . then that woman could tell more woman and then it would be like I be , like , uh ... branching or .. dean network . brad yeah , networking ! totally . then if I get enough of them , maybe I could quit my landscape job and do this full time . that would be awesome ! Cause I hate landscape . I like get laid a lot better , and my boss be a total dick ... ext . scoreboard ' parking lot -- night Joel and Dean be at Dean 's car , try to say goodbye to Brad , who still will not shut up . brad like I say , if you wife have any housewife friend who might -- Dean finally put he foot down . 39 . dean okay , you have say that a few time now Brad . go on to you car . okay ? brad alright . cool . like I say -- dean goodnight Brad . brad okay . see you later . Brad finally leave . dean let I drive you home . you be in no condition to drive . Joel stumble into Dean 's car . joel be you sure about this guy Dean ? he act like he 's never do this before . dean oh no . he do it all the time . do not worry . he just get a little excited sometimes . he 's cool . joel I do not know . he sure do not seem too bright . dean yeah well , what do you excpect ? he 's a whore . dissolve to : int . reynold extract - employee break room - next morning a break room with a kitchen . Joel be badly hungover . he look like he 's about to throw up as he reach into the cupboard above the sink , downs a couple of aspirin , then drop some alka-seltzer in to a glass of water . Cindy come in . 40 . cindy look like you have one of that night . ( flirtatious ) where be I ? Joel nod , try to grin and look cool as he take a sip of he alkaseltzer . then he eye go wide , he almost do a spit-take as something suddenly dawns on he ... joel oh shit ! he run out of the room . CUT to : int . joel' office Joel grab the phone and dial frantically . Dean answer . joel Dean ? dean ( v.0 . ) ( waking up ) oh , hey Joel . joel thank God you be home . ah , ... do that really happen last night ? I mean , do we go through with it -- with that gigolo stuff ? dean ah , yeah . as far as I know . joel shit ! what be I think ?! we gotta call it off . right now . can you call that guy , Brad ? dean okay ... joel tell he I will pay he anyway , whatever , just do not come over . God , what be I think ?! 41 . dean sure , I will call he . no problem ... oh wait a second . I do not think I have he number . joel what ? I think you call he last night . dean yeah , but I get he number from Vic . joel well get it from he again . dean Vic do not have a phone right now . joel shit ! I will try information . what 's Brad 's last name ? pause . dean hmm ... it 's something like , ... I think it 's a mexican name . joel ( losing patience ) mexican ?! the guy 's get blonde hair and blue eye ! dean yeah , I think it be weird too -- a guy like that with a mexican last name ... it 's like Lopez , or sanchez or something . Joel look at he watch . it 's 11:15 . joel shit ! Joel hang up the phone , and rush out the door . int . receptionist desk in front of joel' office -- continuous action Brian walk in . 42 . brian ( concerned ) Joel , we gotta talk . joel not now Brian . brian ah yeah , it 's kind of important -- kind of really important . it 's about step - Joel rush past he . joel not now ! we follow Joel as he rush past he secretary . secretary Excuse I Joel ? there 's a Brad Chavez on line one for you . joel I can not , I -- Joel stop suddenly . joel who ? secretary Brad Chavez . he say he 's do with the job you guy talk about at you house ? do you want I to take a message ? Joel look pale . joel um , no ... he 's the ah , pool cleaner . I better take that . Joel go back in he office . hold on Brian , confuse . int . joel be office - continuous Joel stare at the phone for a beat then pick it up . joel hello ? 43. brad ( v.0 . ) hey , be this Joel ? joel yes . brad ( v.0 . ) hey , it 's Brad . Mission accomplish dude . joel what do you mean ? brad ( v.0 . ) I mean it work . she totally go for it . joel what ? what be you ...? ( look at he watch ) you be not even suppose to be there for another 45 minute . brad ( v.0 . ) oh really ? I forget what time you guy say , and I be so excited about it , I just go over there . Joel sit down , freak out . joel ( reality set in ) so you mean she actually ah ... you guy ...? brad ( v.0 . ) yup . it be easy . joel ( agitate ) easy ? what do you mean " easy " ? brad ( v.0 . ) oh , I do not mean easy like she be easy -- like she be a slut or anything . I just mean it be not hard to get she to ... never mind . joel no. tell I . tell I how it happen . ( brace himself ) I wanna hear everything . 44 . brad you sure ? joel yeah . brad ( v.0 . ) okay . well , she let I in , so I go back like I be clean the pool ... ext . joel be house - pool -- day as Brad 's dopey narration continue , we see the story he 's tell . it play out like a bad soft - porn flick on cinemax . we see Brad wiping the side of the pool with a rag . brad ( v.0 . ) . I do not know anything about pool clean , so I be just fake it . she be in she bathing suit ... suzie come out and lie on one of the recline chair . brad ( v.0 . ) . so I strike up a conversation ... brad this be a really nice house . suzie thanks . brad be it you dad 's house ? suzie no . it 's ours . brad wow , you look so young to be live in a house this nice . suzie oh , thanks . beat . brad do you have any sunscreen ? I forget mine . 45 . Brad 's dopey narration come back in ... brad ( v.0 . ) I think that be pretty smart of I -- to ask she to borrow sunscreen . see , ' cuz that way , once she give I some , I could ask she if she want some too , and rub some on she back , instead of just come out and ask she to rub some on she . pretty smooth huh ?... we see Brad rub lotion on suzie 's back as she lie face - down on the chair . brad ( v.0 . ) once I be rub the sunscreen on she , the rest be easy ... we see Brad 's hand work they way down suzie 's back . just as they start to move down towards she butt , Joel interrupt , yanking US out of the flashback . joel okay that 's enough ! stop ! int . joel be office - continuous joel I do not need to hear anymore . brad ( v.0 . ) okay , cool . hey , like I say , if you know of anyone else , or if you ever need I to do it again -- joel no ! no. look , I gotta go . bye . Joel hang up the phone and fall back into he chair , in a state of shock . joel ( quietly , to himself ) Holy shit . int . joel be car - late afternoon Joel drive home from work . he still look freak out . he notice something ahead , and suddenly slam on the break . 46 . joel dammit ! joel be Pov : Nathan , the guy across the street be in he front yard , putter around with the mail . joel ( to himself ) no ... not today ... Joel put the car in reverse , start to pull behind a park car in a attempt to hide , but Nathan notice he , wave and cross the street . Joel reluctantly pull ahead to he driveway . nathan how 's it goin ' ? joel oh , I be kind of busy actually . nathan yeah . well I will not keep you . I just want to let you know , I get that ticket to that dinner we talk about on the 7th . I think I tell you they be forty dollar a piece , but it turn out it 's a tad more this year -- fifty - five -- so if I could go ahead and just get a check from you guy ... joel look , ah , we can not go . remember ? nathan no , this be the 7th . you say you be go out of town on the 17th . joel yeah , but remember , I tell you we do not really want to go to this thing . Nathan look dumbfounded . Joel be about to snap . nathan but I already buy the ticket . I know you say something about she feel uncomfortable , but , like I say , she will not feel uncomfortable at all -- I guarantee it . ( more ) 47 nathan ( cont 'd ) it 's just a whole lot of fun . you guy will have a great time . joel look , I gotta get go . nathan alright then ... Joel start to pull away . nathan ( cont 'd ) oh , one more thing -- Joel just keep drive , almost knock Nathan over . int . joel be house - evening Joel and suzie be eat dinner . suzie have a glow about she , look better than ever -- relaxed , satisfied , etc . Joel 's have a quietly piss off demeanor . they eat in silence for a beat . suzie so ... how 's work ? joel it suck . suzie really ? what 's wrong ? joel nothing . suzie look a little puzzle . they keep eat in silence for a beat . joel I do not feel well . I be go to bed . int . reynold extract build - joel be office - day from the window in he office , Joel watch Cindy work down on the production floor . Cindy look up , they make eye contact for a brief moment . she give he a flirtacious wave . Joel wave back . then rory come by , start talk to Cindy . 48 . int . reynold extract / manufacactur area - continous cindy so you be in a band ? rory . actually , I be in five band right now . but godscock be basically the same four guy as fighthead , but fighthead 's more of a thrash / skatepunk thing . godscock be more melodic stuff . Cindy nod politely . rory think she 's interested . rory ( cont 'd ) so you comin' Friday ? cindy yeah , definitely . ( look at she watch ) ooh , I gotta go . dentist appointment . rory cool . Cindy leave . angle on Mary , on the other side of the room , watch they . she talk to gabriella . mary see , there he go again , slow we down . ( re : cindy ) now she 's a good sorter . they need to hire more people like she . gabriella she 's so nice too . hector walk by . Mary just shake she head . mary I can not believe he 's still work here . you know silvia can not find she wallet . thinks it be steal . and guess who be in the locker room last ? hector . they both look at hector and shake they head in disgust . 49 . mary you know , I could get a job at Southwest Airlines . my niece work there . I would get better benefit than we get here too . gabrielle mmm hmm . I could get a job at gemco . you think they would put up with this stuff at gemco ? mmm man . they run a tight ship . mary that 's right . int . joel be office - continuous Joel 's Pov of Mary and gabrielle , yacking self - righteously . Joel look on with disgust ... joel ( to himself ) good riddance ... Brian step in , tap on the door . brian you get a second ? I think we might have a big problem here . I be not sure what happen , but all of the sudden step say he do not want to settle anymore . I think he might have talk to a lawyer . Joel go to he desk , sit down . brian like I say , General Mills be not go to make they offer official until this settles . Joel consider this . joel I think step be just chest - beat . he do this all the time . he get all wound up , talk big , then he always back down . and that 's with he ball . 50 . int . parole office - afternoon it 's a bleak look office with row of cubicle . we pan past several cubicle where hardass parole officer meet with they parolee -- various gang - banger , drug dealer , junky , a hideous transvestite prostitute , etc . as we pan , each officer be give they nothing -- " this be you last chance , " " you expect I to believe that ? " , etc . we continue past officer give they nothing , give they nothing , end on a cubicle with Cindy , where a parole officer be give Cindy everything -- almost apologetic . parole officer I be sorry to even bring this up , but you be not live with the drug dealer anymore be you ? Cindy 's parole officer be a sad schlub of a guy , about 50 with bushy grey hair and a mustache , he have a badge and a gun on he belt . cindy nope . I be stay at extended stay until I can find a place ... she smile , flirtatiously wave she key / card . cindy ( cont 'd ) see ? ( sincere ) I really feel like I have turn my life around . thanks in large part to you . parole officer ( almost blushing ) it 's okay . I be just glad to see you be do so well ... ah , one more thing I just need to ask you : we have a little incident up in templeton a couple week back where someone steal a expensive guitar from a music store ? someone who fit you description . you know anything about that ? cindy huh ? no ... I be probably at work that day . 51 . parole officer look Cindy , you realize you can not screw up anymore right ? I mean , even something minor , and you could go back to jail for a while this time . I would hate to see that happen . cindy well yeah , but why would I steal a guitar ? I have get no musical talent . I be tone deaf . they both laugh . parole officer heh heh , so be I . I can not carry a tune to save my life . cindy really ? wow ... Cindy act fascinate by parole Officer 's lack of musical talent . he happily go on about it , forget about the guitar ... parole officer yeah , I could barely sing the Star spangle Banner in school ... dissolve to : ext . reynold extract build - parking lot - day it 's the end of the workday . people walk to they car . Joel turn a corner and find Cindy right in front of he . cindy hey Mr. reynold . joel oh , hey Cindy . you can just call I Joel . cindy ( flirtatious ) okay Joel . so you go to the party tonight ? joel oh yeah . right , that 's tonight ... ( awkward ) ( more ) 52 . joel ( con T - D ) yeah , I be think about it . be you go ? cindy yeah , definitely . maybe I will see you there ? joel yeah , I think I will probably go . cindy do you have the direction ? joel I be not sure ... cindy here , I will write it down just in case Cindy open she purse . we see at least five wallet , several watch , jewelry , etc . she take out a pen and a piece of pink , girly stationary and start write . cindy ( cont 'd ) I will also put my number on here . in case you want to call I some time -- if you want . Joel blushes awkwardly , like a junior high school kid . joel um ... okay . sure . ext . joel be house - evening Joel pull into the driveway and be startled as he practically run over Nathan , flagging he down . Joel mutter obscenity as he reluctantly stop and roll down the window . nathan hi there . almost miss ya . joel hi . I can not talk right now -- nathan hey , I notice you guy get a new pool cleaner today . how be he ? we be think of change service . 53. joel look Nathan , I gotta ... wait , you mean yesterday , do not you ? nathan huh ? joel the new pool cleaner . you see he yesterday right ? not today . nathan no . it be today . the new guy . joel what would he look like ? nathan blonde haire kid , about this high , good look . Real good look . in fact -- joel you sure it be today ? not yesterday ? nathan yeah . joel you be absolutely sure ? nathan yeah . I know it be today , because I come home for lunch . I be go all day yesterday . anyway , you think I could go ahead and get that check from ya ? like I say , it 's 55 dollar a plate , so that would be 110 total . there 's no tax ... Nathan lean up to scratch he back . Joel seize the opportunity and pull away , burn a little rubber . int . joel be house - bedroom -- moment later Joel be on he cell phone , yell in hushed tone at Brad . he have the door shut so suzie will not hear he . joel what the hell be you do at my house today ?! 54 . brad ( v.0 . ) oh , umm ... nothing . joel bullshit ! brad ( v.0 . ) look , do not worry about it bro ' . I will not charge you for this one . joel wo not charge I for ...? you have sex with my wife again ?! brad ( v.0 . ) well , I figure we already do it once , so what 's the big deal ? I mean , she say to stop by if I be in the neighborhood , so ... besides , I be not gonna charge you -- joel not gonna charge ...? God damn you ! yes you be gonna charge I ! I be gonna pay you ! you be not have sex with my wife for free ! and I better not ever catch you anywhere near my house ever again ! Joel slam down the phone . then realize it 's a cell phone , pick it back up and hit the " end " button . int . joel be house - live room -- night suzie be asleep on the couch in she sweatpant . Joel walk through , mumble something about go to a party . int . joel be car -- night Joel pull up to the house where the party be go on . he stay in the car , check it out . scan Joel 's Pov , we see the band , godscock , play in the backyard , with rory on bass . they be set up on the patio of this small two - bedroom suburban house . most of the people at the party be crowded around the keg , which be on the other side of the backyard , ignore the band . the band sound awful -- loud as hell , unmusical , uninspired . the lead singer sing in that awful Eddie vedder style , but even more loud and overly dramatic . rory act all intense , in stark contrast to the non-intensity of the music . 55 . they all have that baggy - short tattooe mid-ninety look . it 's downright pathetic . there 's one drunk guy off to the side bang he head , play air-guitar and stumbling into the bush . Joel spot Cindy over by the keg , drink , mingling . he watch she for a beat , then shake he head and drive away . CUT to : int . scoreboard sport bar -- night Joel sit at the bar talk to Dean , drink a beer . joel I can not believe my wife sleep with that guy . dean well ... I think you say it would not bother you . joel I guess I do not really think about it long enough ... I just wish it have not be so easy for he . dean yeah , I be tellin ' ya , chick really go wild for that Brad ... ( off Joel 's look ) sorry . joel no , you be right . he may be a stupid , dull - witted moron , but he can get any girl he want . I , I have to work for it . I have to work hard , get a career go , take suzie out a bunch of time , marry she . but not Brad . he get to waltz into my house and have sex with my wife just like that . oh , and by the way ? that little prick be at my house again today . dean no shit ? what be he do ? joel take a wild guess . 56 . dean wow ... you pay a guy to do a job , then he come back and do it for free . joel I be not go to let he do it for free . no way . I be pay he . dean really ? how much ? joel oh , I do not know . the same , I guess . why ? dean hmm ... so should I get my twenty dollar from Brad then or ... Joel shoot Dean a angry look . dean ( cont 'd ) we can worry about that later ... look at the bright side , now you can call Cindy . joel I do not know ... I feel weird about it . besides , she 's at the party , she probably will not be home ' till late . dean you know what you need to do ? joel ( roll he eye ) I do not wanna do drug Dean . dean look , I know I joke around a lot , but this time I be serious . ( like a doctor ) you should try smoking a little pot . it 's just a herb , it heal . stress can kill you , and -- joel I get paranoid when I smoke pot . 57 . dean not when you just smoke a little . come on . you ever meet my friend Willie ? great guy . really great guy . ( as if it 's a positive ) he 's the guy I get that horse tranquilizer from . joel oh , wonderful . int . willie' apartment -- night willie load up some kind of giant three - foot tall bong and inhale a massive bong - load . he 's a burly ex- football player type who look like he might have a extra y-chromosome or two . Joel watch Willie , feel a little uneasy . Dean pontificate . dean I have be read about it -- they be make technological advance now , come up with great drug that can make you happy and will not leave you with a hangover or nothin ' . willie ( hold in bong - hit ) right on . Willie finally exhales . the exhale seem to go on way longer than humanly possible , endless amount of pot-smoke billow out ( accomplish with special fx ) . he finally hand the bong and lighter to Joel . joel oh , I do not know ... I be kind of a light weight . I think that 's too much for I -- willie ( still hold out the bong and lighter ) bullshit . dean come on Joel . do not worry , this stuff be not that strong . ( to Willie , be : Joel ) ( more ) 58 . dean ( con t-d ) he get paranoid when he get too stone . Joel look at Willie then at Dean , then take the bong , partly out of be intimidate by Willie . joel ah , what the hell . Willie instruct Joel on the bong usage in the same condescending way a weight - lift instructor would . willie okay , now this be a gravity bong . have you ever use one before ? joel umm , I think ... no . willie okay , pay attention . put you thumb right here on the carburetor . when I pull the plunger up and say , " let go " I want you to let go and inhale hard . Joel 's Pov : look down the barrel of the three - foot bong with macho-man Willie hold the lighter at the bowl . willie ( cont 'd ) okay exhale ! joel you know , maybe I should just let you guy -- willie ( start to get scary ) bullshit ! exhale hard ! mostly out of fear , Joel exhales . Willie put the bong up to Joel 's face , light it and start lift the plunger . then push it down . willie ( cont 'd ) let go ! inhale ! now ! Joel let go of the carburator , inhale . willie ( cont 'd ) ( insane ) go ! go ! harder !!! 59 . Joel inhale with all he might , suck up massive amount of thick pot smoke as Willie push down the plunger . stoner-ripple dissolve to : willie' apartment -- night Willie , Dean and Joel sit around , completely baked -- especially Joel . ( we play most of the scene from Joel 's stone , paranoid Pov . ) Dean make some kind of barely audible mumble -- or do he ? joel what ? Long pause . dean huh ? Joel 's Pov : look from Dean to Willie . Willie sit there with red eye barely open . Willie turn slowly to Joel . willie huh ? joel oh , I think somebody say something . Willie look at Joel , stone - face , add even further to Joel 's paranoia . he stare at Joel for a long beat . then , in a instant , he 's right up in Joel 's face . willie bwaaaaaaaaaaah !!! Joel jump back , scared shitless . Willie start laugh he ass off . willie haaaah ha ... the look on you face ! ( insane cackle ) man you really do get paranoid when you get stone . joel ( fake , timid laugh ) yeah , heh heh ... 60 . dean hey Joel , why do not you call that chick now ? joel what time be it ? willie time for you to call she and finally get laid man ! ( hand he the phone ) come on ! dean it 's twelve thirty . she might be back by now . joel alright . Joel get the phone number out of he pocket . willie so what 's this chick look like ? joel oh , she 's get brown hair . pretty hot . kind of work - class look ... willie what do you mean by that ? Willie stare at Joel for a beat . Joel can not tell if he 's offended Willie or not . joel umm ... oh you know , ... willie be she kind of slutty lookin ' ? joel yeah ... beat . Joel 's not sure if that be the right answer either . willie alright ! that 's how I like them . 61 . joel yeah ... ( uncomfortable laugh ) kinda nasty , heh heh ... Joel start dial the number . joel ( cont 'd ) I hope I do not wake she up ... ( listen ) it 's busy . dean alright . at least you know she 's home . joel yeah . willie try she again . come on . Joel hit redial . joel still busy ... man , what kind of person do not have call - wait . willie I do not have call - wait . I hate call - wait . every time I hear that goddamn click sound , I wanna put my fist through someone 's head . beat . once again , Joel do not know whether to shit or wind he watch . Willie stare at he , then willie haaa ha ! man you really do get paranoid when you be stone ... seriously though , I fuckin ' hate call - wait . joel ( nervous chuckle ) yeah ... Willie grab the phone . willie here let I dial . you be too stone . 62 . Willie grab the piece of paper with Cindy 's number . he look at it , start to dial , then pause , realize something . Willie look up at Joel , with slowly building rage , then hang up the phone . willie I will tell you why you be get a busy signal . this be my number . joel huh ? but ... beat . joel oh ... you be joke right ? try to make I paranoid ? Joel wait for Willie to start crack up . he do not . he just continue glaring at Joel . we hear the front door unlock . everyone look . cindy enter . cindy hi. sorry I be late , I ... ( noticing joel ) Joel ? what be you do here ...? Willie stand up and walk over to Joel 's chair . Dean suddenly stand up . dean well , it look like you guy get a lot to talk about here so I think I be just gonna go ahead and take off . later guy . Dean bolt . Willie move in closer on Joel . Joel start to leave , but Willie block he . willie kinda slutty ? Willie grab Joel and throw he against the wall . Joel try to make a break for the door , but Willie haul off and punch he across the face . the ass-kick begin as we CUT to : 63. int . joel be house -- night Joel limp into the house , he face bruise black and blue from the ass-kick . he look awful . as he limp into the bedroom as quietly as possible , he trip on something , waking up suzie . she turn on a light and see Joel . suzie oh my God Joel , be you alright ? what happen ? joel I be fine . I be fine . I just ah ... get my ass kick . go back to sleep . suzie what ? by who ? what happen ? joel it be just ... some guy over at scoreboard . suzie let I drive you to the hospital . you need to get check out . joel no. I will be fine . I just want to sleep right now , okay ? suzie you sure you be okay ? it look like you nose be break , and you eye -- joel ( agitate ) do not worry about it ! people get they ass kick all the time ! it 's no big deal . go back to sleep . int . reynold extract build - morning Joel walk past he Secretary . 64 . secretary hi Joel . Brian want to see you -- ( noticing ) oh my God , what happen ? Joel keep walk , mumble something about fall down some stair , go into he office and shut the door . int . joel' office -- continuous action Joel walk over to the window overlook the production area . he look down and see Cindy work , with she back turn . shake he head . Brian knock on the door and enter , look worried . brian hi ... do you talk to step yet ? joel he be not return my call . brian shit ... we have get problem . he do hire a lawyer -- Joe adler -- he 's that personal injury lawyer you see on all the bus-stop bench . you oughtta see this guy . he 's a real piece of shi -- ( notice Joel 's face ) oh man , what happen to you ? joel oh , I fall down some stair . brian damn ... well anyway , I hate to say this , but I think we be screw . there 's no way this adler guy be gonna settle for anything less then bankrupt we . say he will sue we into the stone age . joel ( clutches he head miserable ) shit ... I gotta talk to step. Brian look at Joel 's bruise face . 65 . brian man , everyone 's get hurt . Cindy come in with a black eye today . you hear how she get it ? joel ah ... no . brian step do it . can you believe that ? joel no he --! ( catch himself ) what ? where do you hear that ? brian that 's what she tell Mary . joel but ... step ? do he even know she ? brian apparently they have be go out . joel what ?! brian I know , it 's weird . they do not even meet here . they meet at a grocery store or something . just a total coincidence . Joel look down at Cindy on the production floor , he mind reeling . brian anyway , we be gonna have to hire a couple of new people because cindy quitting -- joel really ? brian yep . and if it 's okay with you , I would like to go ahead and fire hector . joel Fire hector ? what for ? 66 . brian you know , Mary 's purse ? sylvia 's wallet ? it 's gotta be he . who else could it be ? Joel look down at Cindy with grow suspicion . joel no . do not fire he . just trust I on this . give he another week . if anything else be steal , then you can fire he . brian ( puzzle ) alright . if you say so . Brian look Joel over . brian ( cont 'd ) man , be you okay ? have you see a doctor ? Joel 's Secretary beeps in . secratary ( v.0 . ) Joel , Dean be on line one for you . joel okay , thanks . ( to brian ) I better get this . Brian leave . joel ( cont 'd ) hello . dean hey man . sorry I bail on you like that last night . it 's just that I do not like to get involved in other people 's personal shit , you know what I mean ? joel uh-huh . dean I do not even know Willie have a girlfriend . she must be new . man , Willie look piss . ( chuckle ) ( more ) 67 . dean ( con t'd ) I think he be gonna take a swing at you there for a second . joel he do take a swing at I Dean . several swing . in fact , he beat the live shit out of I . dean whoa , really ? joel yes . dean wow. man , that really go to show you -- this town be smaller than you think . you really gotta be careful . Joel hang up and walk out of he office , past he Secretary . joel I be not feel well . I be go to go home early . int . joel be car -- day Joel turn the corner to he house and do a double - take as he see brad' truck go the opposite direction . joel shit ! Joel slam on the brake , turn around , chase Brad 's truck down and cut he off , force he to stop . they both get out of they vehicle . Joel be livid . joel what the hell be you do on my street again ?! brad dude , you be not suppose to be home for another four hour -- whoa , what happen to you face ? joel ( try to improvise a tough , snappy comeback , but can not quite make it work ) ( more ) 68 . joel ( cont 'd ) the same thing that 's gonna happen .. you face be gonna look worse if ... GOD dammit ! if I ever catch you anywhere near my house or my wife again , I will have you arrest . brad for what ? suzie let I in . Joel be stump -- Brad actually have a point . joel what the hell be wrong with you anyway ? do you do this with all you client -- just keep come back and hang around ? brad I do not know . this be my first one . joel what ?! I think you be a professional ! brad look man , I know she 's you wife a ' shit , but you might as well know -- I think we be in love . joel in love ?! ( coming unglued ) ha ! man be you stupid . you be so goddamn dumb . you think she love you ? you be nothing but a piece of ass to she . that 's all . brad I do not think so dude . joel oh , you do not think so " dude ? " well do you ever think about this : she do not even know that I pay you to have sex with she -- do that cross you small mind ? brad uuh .. 69 . joel how about I go home right now and tell she ? tell she you do it for the money . how about that loverboy ? Brad suddenly look worried . this really freak he out . brad you would not do that . joel you do not think so ? watch I . brad ( realize he 's serious ) no ... dude , please do not . please ? Joel start back to he car . brad look man , we really have a special thing go on . please do not mess it up ... Joel stop . joel do not mess it up ?! you be talk about my wife ! my house ! stupid - ass ! Joel get in he car and start it . brad ( call out to he ) dude , you can not do this to I . joel oh yes I can ... Joel peel out , drive half a block and turn into he driveway . int . joel be house - moment later Joel walk in , still piss off . suzie be sit on the couch , a little surprised to see he . suzie oh hi . you be home early . 70 . joel ( cold ) hi. Joel walk over to the slide glass door , look outside at the pool . it 's filthy . joel so how be that new pool cleaner ? suzie be catch off guard -- wonder if she 's bust -- but she play it cool . suzie um ... what do you mean ? joel what do you think I mean ?... do he do a good job clean the pool ? suzie ah ... well -- joel do he get all the ... leave ? it do not really look that clean . I mean I be look at it , and I would say it 's pretty goddamn filthy . do the guy even clean it at all ? it sure do not look like it . suzie ( nervous ) well yeah , I guess he do not do a very good job . joel I think he do a horrible job . I do not think we should use he anymore . suzie okay . joel okay . suzie watch Joel leave , a slight look of guilt on she face . suzie be you all right , Joel ? you want a aspirin or anything ? 71 . joel no . int . joel be house - bedroom - moment later Quick shot of Joel stare up at the ceiling shaking he head , can not believe all this . ext . step' house -- next day in a wide shot we see Joel 's car be park on the street . he walk up and ring the doorbell . we see step answer , talk to he and then invite he in . int . step' house -- continuous step and Joel enter . step 's 300 pound half -brother sit on a ratty couch watch tv , drink a huge plastic bottle of pepsi . he look like he 's be sit there for year . the tv be deafeningly loud . step wow , I do not think you have ever be to my house before . have you ? joel ( talk above the tv ) yeah , I do not think so . I would have remember ... step this be my half brother phil . Joel start to motion " do not get up , " then realize that 's not happen anyway . phil nod . joel hi ... hey step , can we talk in another room . step sure , let 's go out back . ext . step' house - back yard -- a little later Joel and step sit at a picnic table . 72 . step you know , my lawyer tell I not to talk to you . ( beat ) you be not here to try to talk I out of suing be you ? joel oh , no ... no , I be just kind of curious about ... ah ... so you have be go out with Cindy , huh ? step yes sir . she 's my girlfriend . we might even get marry after all this lawsuit- settlement stuff get work out . joel .so some of the guy at work be say you give Cindy that black eye . step what ? that be not true at all . joel yeah , I know it 's not . step she get it from fall down some stair . joel hmm ... look , you might wanna be careful with Cindy . step ( defensive ) what do you mean ? joel well , I be not sure how to put this , but ... you know , you get a lot of money come you way with this settlement . you might wanna be careful -- step oh no . no , she do not even know about that ' till after we start go out . 73. joel you sure about that ? step oh yeah . I do not tell she about it for a while ' cuz I be kind of embarrassed , you know ? you do not tell a girl you just meet that you lose one of you ball . especially a girl as hot as Cindy . joel yeah ... ( delicately ) you know she life with this guy Willie right ? step that 's she ex . she break up with he . she 's gonna move out . she just need to get all she stuff outta there . joel you sure about that ? step oh yeah . she 's move in with I . joel oh. hmm ... step look , I know Cindy 's get some problem , but she mean well . she 's the best thing that ever happen to I . joel well , okay ... if you say so . another thing -- you just might want to watch you back . some of the guy at work who think you give Cindy the black eye be talk about pay you a visit -- you know , get even . step oh. well I be not worried about that . ( dead -serious , proud ) I could kick anyone 's ass at that whole company . 74 . int . joel be house - day Brad and suzie be by the pool which be filthy . Brad start come on to suzie . she push he away . suzie no Brad , we can not . I be sorry , but we have to stop do this . brad why ? suzie it 's not right . I feel horrible . besides , I think Joel 's get suspicious . and you gotta start clean the pool too . brad but I have never feel this way about anyone before . and I have be with a lot of chick . suzie ( turned off ) uh-huh ... look Brad , the truth be I love my husband . I really do . this be all a big mistake . I be sorry . I do not know what get into I , but we have to stop this . I want to make my marriage work again . I be go to tell Joel about the whole thing and just hope he forgive I . and even if he do not , at least I will not be carry around this horrible feel . I just can not stand that he do not know . brad uh ... this do not mean we can not still see each other though , right ? suzie ah , yes it do . brad why ? suzie because of all the thing I just say . ( more ) 75 suzie ( cont 'd ) ( patiently ) do you need I to say they again ? brad can I see you tomorrow ? suzie no . brad ( pleading ) how about next week ? suzie no. look , you gotta go Brad . Joel could be home any second . brad I will call you tomorrow . suzie ( just try to get rid of he ) okay . okay , just go and we will talk later . Brad lean to kiss she , she push he away and he finally leave . suzie ( to herself ) God , what a moron . int . joel be office - day Joel sit deep in he chair , bum out , stare down at the manufacturing area . Brian walk in . brian so ... you ready ? joel huh ? brian the meeting with step 's lawyer . or lawyer I should say . it 's today remember ? joel oh shit ... alright . Joel drag himself out of the chair . 76 . int . reynold extract - confrence room - day joe adler , be hold court with the various lawyer and paralegal wait for the meeting to start . as promise , he be awful . he look like Henry winkler with a extra y chromosome and a lot of steroid . ( maybe cast gene simmon with he hair pull back in a pony tail . ) adler . you see , if both he ball have be knock clean off , he would be a good case , but not a great case : a man with no ball be no man at all . he 's a freak . he 's barely human . he 's gross . and a jury will never feel like they can walk in the shoe of a ball - less , neuter , he / she freak . but step . he 's still get one ball - barely . he 's still a man . a man who 's very manhood have be jeopardize , but still a man . and that manhood , that very sense of what you be as a human be be hang by a thread . Jesus , you can not get more dramatic than that . that brave ball , hang on for dear life , hang on for justice , be go to be the hero of this trial . I be tellin ' ya this step guy be the fuckin' Holy grail , the powerball jackpot . and you all laugh at I when I buy that bus bench ad . but I know the ass of that poor slob that sit on that bench and ride that sweaty , stinking , cattle car be we future . and I -- Joel and Brian walk in . adler oh , hello . I be Joe adler ... everybody start introduce each other . int . reynold extract - employee break room - day a bunch of employee include Mary , garielle , and rory be talk , get work up . 77 . rory . and when they sell the company , Joel and Brian be gonna be the one 's who get rich , and -- mary and we be the one do all the work . gabrielle that 's right . rory it 's bullshit man . we should get a piece of it . I work my ass off . mary gabrielle and I work harder than anybody . I should be make what Brian make . if you add up all the crate I move , I lift 10,000 pound a day . minimum . gabrielle that 's right . here he 's gonna make a million dollar , and we be the one who do everything . I go to college . for three year . mary if we quit , this place could not run . they would not be able to sell this place for anything . jim , a tall skinny 50 - something guy with a ridiculously big mustache and a little paunch , chime in . jim that 's why what we should do be , be we should all go on strike -- demand stock in the company before it sell . if General Mills know we be on strike , they would not buy this place until the strike be over . that way they would have to give we stock . Jim point to he head , give everyone a " how 's that " nod . it start to build steam . rory that 's right man . we should do it . we should strike . 78 . mary that 's right . I could get a job at gemco like that . at gemco , all the employee be owner -- even say so on the name tag . gabrielle mmm hmm . I could get a job at Southwest Airlines ... int . reynold extract - confrence room - day the meeting be already in progress . on adler 's side of the table be two other lawyer and a couple of paralegal . on Joel 's side it 's just he , Brian and Joel 's secretary . maybe one lawyer who do not say much . everybody have in front of they a small stack of document . the confrence room , like Joel 's office , have a full length window face the manufacturing area . adler ok gentleman . we have go through everything and the only way we would even begin to consider a settlement would be to the tune of the number you see on the bottom of page 18 . do everyone have this ? Joel and the rest of they find page 18 . Joel be stunne by the number . joel what !!!? ( so piss he can barely get the word out ) we do not have this much money ! not even close ! adler not in cash you do not . of course not . but if you be to sell off you asset : the property lease , the equipment , the -- joel what the ff -- be you shitting I !? that would bankrupt we ! brian this be what I have be try to tell you Joel ... 79 . joel if you think I be just go to give up this entire company that I build from the ground up -- adler jump up , drip with phoney , force indignation . adler how about what my client give up !? his testicles ! how about that !? he walk over to the door ... adler in fact , I will make a deal with you - - we will drop this case right now if you come over here and put you testicles right here ( indicate the space between the door and the hinges ) and let I slam this door like this ... adler slam the door ridiculously hard . adler go ahead . we can settle this right now -- call it even . I will drop this case right now if you let I slam you ball in this door , because that be what happened to my client ! joel it be a accident ! adler not accord to we investigation . we believe that , in fact , there be gross negligence ... int . reynold extract - manufacactur area - continuous the employee , same one in the breakroom , be milling around , talk , the idea of the strike gain momentum . rory point up to the confrence room . rory I hear that guy up there be the guy from General Mills . 80 . employee ' Pov : adler pace around , yell , Joel yell back , etc . [ they can not hear any of it . ] mary mmm hmm ... jim see , now they be probably up there negotiate right now -- cuttin ' up the pie that we baked . that 's what it look like to I . the employee all nod in agreement . employee Pov : adler point at he ball , point to the door again , about to slam it . one of he lawyer stop he . rory we gotta act fast . they could be about to close the deal . jim yeah , and leave we out in the cold . rory yeah , then it 's too late . if they have already sell it we can not get a piece of it . we gotta act fast . we need to do one of that walk out . jim well , we better do it now . rory okay , who 's in ? we need a show of force . come on , it 's now or never ... we pan around the employee as the idea build momentum , end on hector , who look completely confuse by it all . int . reynold extract - confrence room - continuous the meeting heat up . 81 . adler okay then , let I go back to my previous offer : I will gladly come down on that price -- I will come all the way down to zero and drop this case -- if you go over there right now and slam you testicles in that door ! because -- joel I do not wanna slam my testicles in the door ! I want you to be reasonable ! you will not even budge one penny ! come on ! adler like I say , if you slam you -- joel I will slam you ball in the door ! adler I be sorry , do you just threaten I ? Brian put he hand on Joel , motion he to calm down . brian look , we need to cool off a minute . we will be right back . Brian lead Joel out of the room . hallway - continuous joel I do not need this . I be go home . int . reynold extract - manufacactur area - continuous Joel walk down the stair . the group of employee see he and ready themselves for the big confrontation . Joel notice they all look at he and stop . joel yeah ?... what ? but they be ill-prepare . no one know who should talk first . it 's incredibly awkward . they all look at each other and mutter thing like , " go ahead " " you first " . finally ... 82. rory umm ... we be just uh ... jim well , rory be talk about how you guy be do this deal with General Mills and we just think that ah ... we be consider the idea of ah ... rory well , we just think that we should maybe get a piece of it , you know cuz we do all the work ... and if we do not ... um ... Joel 's in no mood for this . he go off on they . joel you know what ? fine. Fine . you be all in charge -- all of you . ( gesture to all the employees ) as of now . you run the goddamn place . go ahead . in fact , you can go up there right now and meet with adler . he may slam you ball in the door , but woohoo ! you be the boss ! Joel storm out , leave the employee stand there . a bickering match erupt over who be suppose to do the talk , who say they would say what , who back down first , etc . " I be gonna say something but you interrupt , " " you do not say anything when he be leave , so I think you be quit . I would have stand up to he . " as the argument die down , one by one they all go back to they post , mutter . int . joel be house - kitchen - day Joel be sit at the table , pick at some food , look miserable . suzie come over , gather up she nerve . suzie listen Joel , there 's something I have to tell you . I think we need to be honest with each other . suzie sit down . 83. suzie ( cont 'd ) I be not sure how to say this , but -- well , you have be so catch up in you be work lately , and I be here alone all day and sometimes I just -- joel you bang the pool cleaner . suzie wha ... suzie be stunne . joel that 's what you be try to tell I right ? you have sex with Brad ? suzie you know ? joel yes I know . I hire he . suzie well I know you hire he , but how do you know about -- joel I do not mean I hire he to clean the pool , I mean I hire he to have sex with you . suzie what ? joel he 's a gigolo suzie . suzie be stupefy . suzie but ... what ... why ? Joel be so feed up , he just tell she everything . joel I hire he to have a affair with you so that I could have a affair without feel guilty . I be really drunk and on some kind of horse tranquilizer and -- 84 . suzie Brad be get pay ?... ( disbelief , hurt ) so you have be pay Brad this whole time ? all fifteen time ?! joel fifteen time ?! Jesus Christ suzie ! Joel sink into he chair , shaking he head . joel ( cont 'd ) I only pay he once -- well , twice . the rest be on the house . Long beat as suzie try to let it all sink in . suzie you want to have a affair with another woman ? joel yes . but I do not . suzie pace around for a moment , reeling , processing all this . then , decisively , suzie you asshole . joel oh , I be the asshole ? suzie yes ! how could you ? joel ( laugh ) how could I ? how could you ?!!! you do not have to have sex with he . you could have simply say " no thanks . just clean the pool , " but you do not , do you ?! no , you take he up on he little offer and have sex with he -- fifteen time ! suzie none of this would have happen if you have not hire he . 85 . joel okay . I will admit , I make a big mistake . I be drunk , on drug , stress , sexually frustrated and I should not have hire a male prostitute to seduce you . but if you have simply be faithful , none of this would have happen . suzie just look at he for a beat . suzie you be sick , you know that ? beat . Joel can not really argue this point . joel what do you see in Brad anyway ? he 's borderline retarded . you probably could have be arrest for have sex with a guy that dumb . suzie that 's it . I be leave . suzie head for the door . Joel follow after she . joel no . you be not leave I . I be leave you ! suzie Fine . Joel open the door , about to storm out , only to find nathan , stand right there about to ring the doorbell . nathan oh , hey guy . glad I catch ya . you guy hardly ever answer the door . heh heh . they be both so flustered , they can barely talk . suzie now 's not a good time Nathan . Joel turn around , storm off back into the house . nathan oh , you guy goin ' somewhere ? 86 . suzie no. look , we can not talk right now . nathan well , you think I could go ahead and get that check from ya then ? I be just try to balance my checkbook here ... suzie now 's not a good time . nathan when would be a good time , you think ? suzie I do not know . nathan see the thing be -- suzie okay tomorrow . nathan great , what time ? suzie I do not know . just come by tomorrow . I can not talk now . nathan okay great . and if you could just go ahead and have that check , that would be great . it 's a hundred and ten . that 's two plate at fifty - five -- suzie yeah , okay ... suzie shut the door , cut he off . ext . extended stay america suite -- day Joel check into a extended stay America hotel . ( a chain of hotel that rent by the week . ) Quick shot of Joel sit alone in the room . he drop he suitcase and glumly sit down on the bed , grab the remote . 87 . he turn on spectravision and surf the adult title , decide he 's not into it and switch back to regular tv only to find american idol be on . he stare at it for a beat , then flop down on the bed and stare at the ceiling . int . scoreboard sport bar -- night Joel sit at the bar , drown he sorrow . Dean be over by the cash register , tend to some business . Brad enter , walk over to Joel . Joel look the other way . brad hey man ... I know you probably want to kick my ass , but -- joel I could not kick you ass if I want to . you be a good 10 year young than I , and I be a pussy . so why do not you just leave I alone . brad I just want to tell you , I be not gonna see suzie anymore . you do not have to worry . Joel keep drink he beer , stare straight ahead . brad the last time I be over there , she break it off ; tell I to quit come over ... she say she be gonna tell you everything -- you know , about we . she 's really into you dude . I guess that 's why she marry you a ' shit ... you be a lucky guy ... sorry if I mess shit up . beat . Joel take another swig . joel why would you have to get hang up on suzie ? you could have any girl you want . brad yeah , but I want suzie . and I can not have she . joel you have she fifteen time . 88. brad yeah , but she do not love I dude . it 's just not the same ... anyway , just want to tell you that . joel well ... you tell I . brad alright , later ... Brad start to leave . then he stop , turn around . brad oh , one more thing ... I quit my landscape job ... and I do not think I be really cut out to be a gigolo . so I be wonder if you have any opening over there at you extract place ? joel ( exasperated sigh ) Brad , you have sex with my wife . I be not gonna give you a job , okay ? brad okay ... sorry man . Brad walk away . Joel stare at he beer for a beat , think . he call out to Brad . joel hey Brad ?... Brad stop . brad yeah ? joel I do not know ... maybe come by the office tomorrow . fill out a application . I will see what I can do . brad cool . thanks man . 89 . int . joel be office - next day Brian sit with Joel . they both look pretty miserable . Brian look down at some papers , shaking he head . brian we be screw . General Mills have pretty much withdraw the offer pend a really favorable settlement with step. ( shaking he head ) not only do we not sell the company , we could wind up bankrupt . joel ( mutter to himself ) so I do not sell the company , do not get the money , I be bankrupt , I do not get Cindy , I pay a guy to have sex with my wife , and she actually do it ... brian Excuse I ? joel nothing . ext . joel be house - pool -- day suzie be try to clean the pool herself , struggle with the long pole with the net at the end . she look miserable . nathan ( o.s. ) hello ? Nathan enter through the back gate . suzie ( mutter ) shit ... Nathan walk over to suzie . she 's in no mood for this . she act as unfriendly as possible . nathan why be you clean the pool yourself ? that new guy do not work out ? 90 . suzie yeah , do not work out . nathan Boy , you just can not get good help , eh ? suzie yeah . nathan so , do you get a chance to write that check ? suzie look Nathan , Joel and I be not go to that dinner okay ? Nathan act deeply disappointed . nathan well gee , I wish you would have tell I that before I go and buy the ticket . suzie Joel never agree to this Nathan , and neither do I . nathan well , it sure sound like you guy be go . Leslie be gonna talk to you about it , but you do not return we call . I mean , I already buy this ticket . they be nonrefundable . I really wish you guy have be a little more clear with I ... it 's the last straw . suzie have have enough . she unleash all she pent - up aggression on Nathan . suzie okay , let I be really clear with you then . when we say " I do not think so , " or even " I be not sure , " that mean " no . " why can not you understand that ? nathan well , I just -- 91 . suzie shut up ! in fact , let I be even more clear with you . we do not like you ! be that clear enough ? you be dull , you never shut up , you never listen , and we do not want anything to do with you ever again ! Nathan freeze , in some kind of state of shock . he start to shake a little . suzie just keep go -- it feel too good to stop . suzie be that clear enough for you Nathan ?! be that ...? Nathan start to go into some kind of seizure . suzie ( worried ) Nathan ? Nathan 's eye roll back into he head , and he collapse . suzie scream . ext . extended stay america suite -- night Joel pull into the parking lot . he look surprised , see something on the other side of the lot that get he attention . joel ( to himself ) no way ... from joel' Pov , we see Cindy pull up and get out of she car . Joel watch as she get out with a grocery bag and head up the stair . Joel get out and watch she from a distance . he see she go into a room and shut the door . he stare up at the door for a beat . then , with a look of determination , Joel walk up the stair and knock on she door . int . cindy room -- continuous action Cindy open the door , a little startle to see Joel , but pleasant to he . cindy oh ... Joel . I ah , ... 92 . joel hi. cindy what be you ...? what 's up ? how would you know I be here ? joel ah , actually , I be stay here too . down on the first floor , around the back . I think I see you so I ah ... cindy well , come in . Joel enter , stand in the live room . Cindy head in to the kitchen . cindy ( o.s. ) do you want something to drink ? I think all I have be diet Coke . Joel notice mary purse lie on the coffee table . he stare at it . joel no thanks . Cindy come back in with a diet Coke . cindy have a seat . Joel remain stand , look at the purse . joel that 's Mary 's purse ... be not it ? cindy what ? joel right there . that 's Mary 's purse . cindy oh that ? no , that 's mine ... so how be thing at work ? joel that 's Mary 's purse . you steal it , do not you ? 93 . Cindy act like he 's be silly . there 's nothing about she demeanor that would make anybody think she 's lie . cindy no . it probably just look like it . there 's a lot of that . joel I have never see another one . you probably have sylvia 's wallet in here somewhere too , do not you ? and everything else that 's be steal from my employee . cindy Joel , be you okay ? joel no , I be not . that 's Mary 's purse goddammit ! okay ? everyone blame hector . he almost get fire . do not that bother you ? cindy ( innocent , sweet ) Joel , I do not know what you be -- joel hector ! hard work guy , never do anything wrong . and what be you do with step ? you be try to screw he out of he settlement money be not you ? cindy I have no idea what you be talk about . joel yes you do ! you be the only reason he 's suing we be not you ? you know how much work it take for I to build up that company ? you just do not care about anybody do you ? what be you , some kind of sociopath ? Cindy look like Joel might be get to she . joel ( cont 'd ) you can not even admit that you steal this purse can you ? you just can not do it . ( more ) 94 . joel ( cont 'd ) in fact , you probably can not tell the truth about much of anything , can you ?... Cindy turn away from he , look down at the floor . joel I bet Cindy 's not even you real name be it ? who be you ? where the hell be you from ? Cindy , still look away , do not answer . joel ( cont 'd ) you can not answer can you ? because if you say one true thing , you would have to tell the truth about something else and then it would all unravel would not it ? then you would have to admit that you steal this purse and God know what else . beat . Cindy still look away , down at the floor . we see she eye well up , about to cry , but Joel do not notice . joel ( compose himself ) well , I be leave now . Joel pick up the purse . joel and I be take this purse with I . if it really be yours , you can call the police and tell them I steal it ... in fact , I be gonna call the police and report it ... Joel walk towards the door . then Cindy slump down on the couch , mutter something , still look down at the floor , she voice crack slightly . cindy please do not ... Joel stop . joel what ? 95 . cindy ( still look down ) please do not report it to the police . I be on probation . I will go to jail . for a long time . joel well ... maybe you should have think about that before you start rip off my employee . Joel start to open the door . cindy Joel ? please ? I will leave step alone . I promise . he will drop the lawsuit . Joel consider this . joel how do I know that ? cindy you can keep the purse . if I do not leave he alone ; if he do not drop the lawsuit , then you can report I . please ? beat . joel hmm ... I guess that ah ... do you have sylvia 's wallet , and Jim 's watch ? can I get that too ? beat . Cindy nod , still look down . Joel consider it . joel well ... okay then . I guess that work . ( realizing ) and I guess you just admit that you steal the purse . that 's good , I guess ... a step in the right direction ... Joel sit down on the couch also . with she head still down , Cindy be weep quietly . Joel do not notice , look straight ahead . 96 . joel so what 's you deal anyway ?... I mean , how do you end up like this ? Joel finally look over , notice that she 's cry . he 's catch off guard . joel .ah ... Cindy ? Cindy break down and start bawling . joel ( cont 'd ) okay , now you see ... that 's what I be talk about . you be try to manipulate I now , and I be not gonna fall for it ... Cindy start bawling even harder . joel ( cont 'd ) I really hope you be not fake this right now , because I be feel really bad . be you fake it ? Cindy shake she head " no . " joel I be sorry , I be just curious , you know , how a person end up like ... this ... Cindy suddenly start bawling hysterically . Joel stand there awkwardly , not sure if he should hug she or comfort she in any way . joel never mind . I be sorry ... Joel tentatively put a comforting arm around she and she lean in to he , cry on he chest . he put he other arm around she and she snuggle in even closer . as she cry gradually subside she snuggle in even more . finally , she lift she head and they start kissing . as they get hot and heavy we dissolve to : 97 . ext . extended stay america suite -- morning Wide shot of the Hotel . it 's a beautiful morning . int . cindy room - day Joel wake up , look more relaxed than we have ever see he . we pull out to reveal that he 's alone in Cindy 's bed . he sit up , yawn . he have a big satisfied smile on he face . joel Cindy ? he look around , realize he 's alone . then suddenly look worried . joel ( cont 'd ) oh shit ! he scramble for he pants , then look relieved as he realize he wallet be still there . he set down the pants , then after a beat , pick they up again , check inside the wallet and see there 's still cash and credit card . then he look up at the chest of drawer and see : Mary 's purse , sylvia 's wallet , and a watch , place side by side . he lie back in bed , and shut he eye , grin again . int . reynold extract / manufacactur area -- morning extract bottle move along the assembly line full steam . Mary and gabriella gossipe . mary ( look at she watch ) Joel have not be in all morning . can you believe that ? gabrielle if we come in late , we get fire . and here we be work we tail off , and he 's gonna get rich . Joel walk in , bright - eye and cheery , greeting people . he walk over to Mary carry she purse . joel here you go Mary . 98 . Joel hand she the purse . Mary look at it , not quite sure how to react , not ever want to appear grateful for anything -- not in she nature . joel ( cont 'd ) and by the way , hector do not take it . Cindy do . Joel walk off . Mary just shake she head at he . she whisper to gabriella . mary can you believe that ? blame Cindy just to protect hector . int . joel be office - day Joel be at he desk . Brian come in . brian step 's here to see you . joel really ? bring he in . brian no , he 's outside . at the load dock . want to talk to you alone back there for some reason . ( crude immitation ) " man to man . " ext . reynold extract - loading dock step be pace around , wait . Joel come out . joel hi step ... step hey . joel how you doin ' ? how 's you , ah ... step ( look down at he crotch ) oh it 's okay . some day it still hurt , but they have get I on some pill . it 's not too bad I guess ... 99 . joel well ... that 's good . they both sit down on the edge of the dock . step look , ah ... Cindy leave I . Joel 's nod , not surprised , but sympathetic . joel wow ... bummer ... step yeah , it be a bummer ... you know , I think the worst part be have my ball knock off , but you know what the worse part be ? dealin ' with all this bullshit ... I be sick of that adler guy tellin ' I what to do . he 's a real dick . joel yeah , he sure be . step the truth be , I just want to have my old life back -- I just want to go back to work . I be a workin ' man ; that 's what I do . joel yeah ... I be beginning to think I might be the same way ... I be a little worried about what I would do with too much time on my hand . step I just lay around and watch tv all day . joel yeah , ... I think I do a lot worse . step the problem be , if I bankrupt the company , there will not be a job to go back to . joel you do not have to bankrupt the company . 100 . step yeah , but then if I drop the lawsuit , you will sell the company , and the new company might not hire I . joel well , maybe I do not have to sell the company ... you know I have be think ; all this year I have be building this company , dream about the day I could sell it and retire , but what would I really do if I retire ? it 's like that old say -- it 's not about the destination , it 's about the journey ? step just stare at he blankly , he lose he . joel I guess what I be say be , too much free time might not be such a good thing -- like that old say , idle hand be the Devil 's playground ? step 's never hear that one either . step I be sorry , I do not do much book readin' . joel what I be say be , I be think maybe I will not sell the company ... step really ? joel that be , if you drop the lawsuit . -- and remember , you will still get that insurance money -- probably a couple hundred thousand . what do you think ? step hmm . that sound fair ... but under one condition ... joel what 's that ? 101 . step you make I floor manager . joel deal . they shake hand . int . reynold extract - manufacactur area Joel walk in with step at he side . address the employee . joel hold the line ! Mary shut off the conveyer belt . joel okay , listen up everybody . ( wait for they to settle ) I have decide not to sell the company ... gasp and murmur among the employee . joel and I be make step the new floor manager . more gasp and murmur . joel and if anyone do not like it , I hear they be hire over at gemco ... but just remember , at gemco , the owner do not know you name ; you never even meet he , he 's at a office up in Chicago somewhere and you get a auto - response if you try to email he to complain about anything . here , you can come up to my office any time you have a problem . thanks . Joel walk off . Brian catch up with he . brian huh ? you be not sell ? 102 . joel it 's about the journey Brian . the journey . angle on Mary . she and gabrielle start right back up . mary you know , if Joel 's go to put he in charge , we should go on strike . you know , at gemco , the union handle the strike and you do not even have to -- pull out as step cut she off . step quit yapping and get back to work or you be fire . step walk off -- maybe pop a testosterone pill . Mary and gabrielle keep mutter and shaking they head . long pull out as thing get back to normal at the factory . int . chapel - day we be close on nathan , in a coffin , embalm . we pull out to see mourner line up , take a last look at the body . Joel be among they . he look down at Nathan for a moment and then continue to he seat . a few row back , we see suzie , sit by herself , dress in black . ext . cemetery - day Quick shot of Nathan 's casket be lower into the ground as the priest say the last few word . ext . cemetery - a little later people hug and console each other . Joel see suzie , walk over to she . joel hi ... you do okay ? suzie yeah , I be okay . 103 . joel I hear you be right there when it happen . that must have be rough . suzie it be horrible Joel . he come over to ask for that check , and I just ... suzie break down , start crying . suzie ( cont 'd ) . I just lose it . I start yell at he . I say horrible thing . he have a aneurism and I probably cause it . ( crying uncontrollably ) I think the last thing I say to he be " shut up . " that be the last word he hear . Joel hug she , consol . joel it 's okay , it 's not you fault ... it 's not you fault . suzie 's cry subside a little . suzie it could happen to any of we Joel . any of we could have a aneurism . we could die at any moment . joel yeah , I know ... I know ... but we probably will not . it will be alright . suzie start to regain she composure . they stand there for a beat . joel you wanna go get something to eat ... or something ? beat . suzie still sniffle a little . suzie yeah , okay . sure . 104 . they walk off towards the cemetery gate . after a while , Joel hand suzie a kleenex . joel here ... suzie thanks . they walk a little further . Joel look at the Chapel nearby . joel maybe we should have be marry in a Church like that one . instead of the botanical garden . suzie I think you like the botanical garden ? joel yeah , but ... a church just seem more -- I do not know -- official . suzie you think it would have make a difference ? joel I do not know ... so , be we still marry ? suzie well , legally yes . joel I mean otherwise . suzie hmmm ... we can talk about it I suppose . joel alright . they walk for a beat . joel you know , this be really bad , but ... oh never mind . suzie what ? 105 . joel well , as I be look down at Nathan there , I be think ... that 's the longest I have ever see he with he mouth shut . suzie laugh in spite of herself . suzie Joel ! they walk off into the distance as we fade out . the end