eye in the sky screenplay by guy hibbert directed by gavin Hood yellow shoot script - revise September 12 , 2014 € one entertainment one production 45 Warren Street London United Kingdom w1t6ag +442036918600 raindog film 18 broadwick Street 4th floor London United Kingdom w1f8h +442074398872 ged@raindogfilms.com ext . alia 's compound - eastleigh - nairobi - dawn 1 Black . then the faint glow of hot ember . on screen : eastleigh , nairobi , kenya - 06h00 a scraping sound as the door of a small brick oven open . fatima mo'allim , early 30' , slender , somali , reach in and place loaf of unbake bread into the wood - fire oven . a wear blue headscarf - a hijab - be wrap around she head to cover she hair but still reveal she beautiful face . fatima run a small home bakery business within the wall of the family compound . the bakery open onto a sandy courtyard that surround a small rough brick home with a corrugate sheet metal roof and a separate , small roughly construct bicycle workshop . there be bicycle and bit of bicycle everywhere . fatima 's husband , musa ( 30' ) sit on a crate amidst the bicycle he repair put the finish touch onto a home make '' hula hoop '' make of black pvc tub . his young daughter , alia , 10 , watch with impatient excitement as he insert a plastic connector into the tube to join the two end in a hoop . alia alia ( cont 'd ) be it do , papa ?! weli mar dhameyn miyaa aabe ?! ( welli mah dah - main meeyah ah - be ?!) musa musa ( cont ’d ) patience , Alia ... dulgaado , Alia ... ( dul -gaar-doh , Alia ... ) she fidget with anticipation . alia alia ( cont 'd ) do you like the color I maka heshay kalarka aan use ? isticmaalayo ? ( maka heh - shay kalarka aan iss-tih-maa - la - yo ? ) the tub have be decorate with bright twist of electrical tape that form ring of colorful pattern . musa musa ( cont ’d ) very pretty ... aad iyo aad la'jacleey ... ( aad iyo aad lah- gel - lay ... ) yellow shoot script 12 September 2014 2 . scatter around the yard be half a dozen discard hoop of different size and color . alia alia ( cont 'd ) this be my best one ever ! kani waa midka aan weligeyga jeelaandoono ! ( kani waa midka aan weli- gay - ist-ti-male - donno ! ) musa smile , and hand she the hoop . alia take it . she swing it over she body and around she waist - and spin it . she swing she hip , make the hoop swirl around she body . alia alia ( cont 'd ) look , mama ! hooyo , fiiri ! ( hoy -yo fee-ree ! ) fatima look out into the yard at she and smile . as alia continue to spin the hoop , the camera rise up over she and continue to rise , higher and higher , until we be see : a bird ’s-eye view of the compound within the surround neighbourhood set . they home be in a somali militia control neighbourhood of nairobi . the sun have just rise , but people be already on the move . Beyond the safety and privacy of the wall family compound , militia hang out on street corner and guard unofficial checkpoint barrier on neighbourhood entrance , make it a no - go area for the kenyan police . within this no - go area they stop car and search anyone they suspect of be a kenyan security police collaborator . four young men drive past Alia 's compound in a pickup truck with a machine gun bolt on to the back . they set the neighbourhood tone . as we rise higher we reveal that the whole area be a rabbit - warren of street , shop and market stall . we fade in we title : eye in the sky over this we become faintly aware of the low pulse of deep bass music ... CUT to : yellow shoot script 12 September 2014 3 . int . bedroom - powell 's house - surrey - night 2 colonel katherine powell lie awake in bed . her husband simon sleep beside she in a eye mask . on screen : surrey , england - 03h15 the thud of music be come from another room : quiet , but loud enough to be irritate once one become aware of it . powell have become aware of it and it be now irritate she . she get up . int . landing - powell 's house - surrey - night 3 powell , in she pyjamas , exit she bedroom , cross the landing and stop at the bedroom from where the monotonous bass be emanate . she stand for a moment , wonder whether to enter the room . she decide against it . ext . alia 's compound - eastleigh - dawn 4 alia swing she hip as the hoop whizze around she body . int . kitchen - powell 's house - surrey - night 5 powell , still in she pyjamas but now also in slipper and a dress gown , enter the kitchen . a labrador dog , jesse , get up out of a basket . powell pat the dog 's head , go to the kitchen tap and drink some water . a routine . ext . garden - powell 's house - surrey - night 6 powell , with jesse follow , exit the house . she walk across the garden to a office ' shed 's and unlock a bolt door . she go inside . ext . alia 's compound - eastleigh - dawn 7 alia , laugh , swing she hip . the hoop whizze around she . yellow shoot script 12 September 2014 4 . int . powell 's garden office - surrey - night 8 powell withdraw a secure dongle from a pocket in she gown and plug it into a usb port in a computer on a desk . jesse know the routine : he have a basket in here too and he lie down in it . the office be full of military book , file , memento and photograph : she entire military career be in this room - and we immediately understand that this be where she life out she life . the house be just where she sleep . while she computer boot up , powell glance at a large pin board on a wall beside she desk : it be cover in hand - write note and surveillance photograph take in various foreign location of wanted hvi 's - High value individual . the face be mostly somali , but we also notice a young british Muslim student name rasheed hamud , and a young american name muhammad abdisalaam . ( note : it do not matter whether we know they nationality at this point , but they dress be clearly western . ) one photograph in particular stand out from the rest : a white woman wear a deep blue head scarf ( a hijab ) which cover she hair . the name susan helen danford appear beneath the picture , as well as the name '' ayesha al-hady . " another picture show danford without she hijab . she 's a attractive woman in she early thirty . in yet another she be with a man name abdullah al - hady - who we will learn be she husband . still other picture of she show she in various foreign location . a few copy of different passport show she image with different name : allison west , rebecca sutton . below the image of danford and Al - hady be dozen of other young face - some western dress , some local somali fighter with weapon . some have be ink out in red . powell stare at the image of danford for a moment . then she computer bleep and she turn to check she in - box . a email message come up with a picture of a young army corporal in a wheelchair wear prosthetic legs . we read : yellow shoot script 12 September 2014 5 . dear Colonel Powell the new leg be good . I can walk to the shop , but I do not see the point in do that , or in do anything . Captain kirby have suggest ... she scroll to the end : .-. to be honest , I wish I have die . corporal Shane Allen . Powell sit stare blankly at the picture of the crippled soldier . she be , for a moment , lose . then she begin to type a reply . dear corporal Allen do not lose hope . once you recover , I promise to assist in reassign you ... as she type , a incoming email alert pop up on she screen . subject : '' more news on Ben . '' Powell stop write she reply to the first email . she hesitates , then open the new one . we read : this be post a hour ago . http : //www.al-news.org/watch_now/ still can not believe we lose he . good luck this morning . talk later . Frank powell steel herself . then reluctantly click on the link in the email . a news video clip open . it show hand held footage of a young , dead , african man in plain clothes lie in filth in a alley . he have be shot in the back of the head . blood pool around he shoulder . 10 yellow shoot script 12 September 2014 6 . the voice of a reporter play over the footage , which cut to various image of Al - shabaab militant chant with weapon raise , and graphic of the geographical area describe . reporter' voice somali Al - shabaab militant have post this picture of a unnamed man they say they have execute in nairobi . the group claim he be work for british military intelligence attempt to infiltrate they international recruitment network . Al - shabaab want to impose they strict version of sharia law across the horn of Africa . they bitterly resent the role of Britain and the kenyan military in prop up the UN back somali government in Mogadishu . the Ministry of Defense have decline to comment , but denounce the execution as '' sicken . '' affected , but stoic , powell watch in icy silence . ext . las vega - nevada —- evening 9 from high in the sky we drift ominously over suburb of tract home that pattern the nevada desert at last light . on screen : las vega , nevada , USA - 20h44 int . bedroom - steve 's house - las vega - night 10 Dark . a large digital alarm clock read : 20h44 a sleep body be dimly visible with cover over its head . the clock click to 20h45 and the radio come on : indie rock . steve watt , 25 , reluctantly move the cover aside and flip on a side lamp . he lie stare at the ceiling for a moment , listen to he music , still half asleep , not want to get up just yet . the room be sparsely decorate . on he bedroom wall be a single , large frame aviation art painting by Randy Green of '' the boy from Richmond '' fighter jet against a strike sky . 11 12 13 14 yellow shoot script 12 September 2014 7 . on a small desk be a frame picture of Steve graduate from University in nevada , a plaque from a Reserve Officer train Corps show he commission as a 2nd Lieutenant , and a undergraduate rpa ( remotely pilote aircraft ) training certificate . finally there be a photo of Steve himself pose in a flight suit next to a training aeroplane . ext . countryside - surrey - dawn 11 we drift over beautiful English countryside as dawn break . on screen : surrey , england ext . country lane - surrey - dawn 12 powell , now in Wellington boot and a weatherproof jacket , walk with jesse . there be a weariness about she . a profound sadness lurking just beneath she tough exterior . she toss a stick for she dog . there 's a edge of aggression , of unexpress anger in the throw . jesse chase it , happy . int . bedroom - steve 's house - las vega - night 13 ( note : this scene be formerly scene 21 . ) steve , slim and fit , listen to indie music as he run a good pace on a treadmill . int . kitchen - powell 's house - surrey - dawn 14 powell walk in with jesse . lizzie - a pretty late - teen girl wear T-shirt and knicker - look inside the fridge . she reach for a bottle of expensive bottled water . powell be not amused . colonel powell hello ? lizzie oh , I be sorry . colonel powell who be you ? lizzie lizzie . 15 16 yellow shoot script 12 September 2014 8. colonel powell what be you look for ? lizzie some water . colonel powell try the tap . lizzie oh , okay . sorry . powell watch lizzie close the fridge door , go over to the sink , look for a glass , find a mug and fill it up . colonel powell be you with Robert or Andrew ? lizzie Robert . she walk toward the door - with she water . lizzie ( cont 'd ) thank you . sorry . she walk out . int . alia 's house - eastleigh - nairobi - morning 15 alia have a well - use school mathematics book open in front of she and some spare paper . musa , be help she with a exercise . she concentrate hard . look to he for approval as she complete a problem . musa musa ( cont ’d ) good ! see , not so difficult ! wanaagsan ! bal eeg , mar si adag ! int . kitchen - powell 's house - surrey - dawn 16 powell pour milk into a bowl of cereal at she kitchen table , claim she space back . ROBERT , 19 , walk in , lazy and bleary - eye . he look dishevel and weedy in he boxer short . colonel powell who be she ? yellow shoot script 12 September 2014 9 . ROBERT um , she name 's lizzie . colonel powell I know she name . ROBERT casually go to the fridge and open the door . ROBERT she go to St. ada 's . colonel powell do she . you should have ask I if she could stay . ROBERT dad say she could . ROBERT take a bottle of water out of the fridge . colonel powell she 's already get water . ROBERT she do not like tap . ROBERT walk out . 17 ext . singapore - day we drift over the magnificent high -rise of Singapore . on screen : singapore - 13h00 18 int . arm fair - singapore - afternoon 17 18 a huge hall fill with a maze of stand showcase military hardware : missile , machine gun , armored vehicle ... ibs ( integrate battlefield solution ) operate on stand b59 . four company mannequin demonstrate military clothing . one wear undergarment , the second fatigue and the third be in full operational military body armour . jame willett , british foreign Secretary , pale and sweaty in the heat , stand in front of the company name and slogan - soldier Safety first - as he speak to a small audience gather around the stand . yellow shoot script 12 September 2014 10 . jame on behalf of the british government , I be proud to introduce integrate battlefield solution , a UK company lead the field in the production of life -save , lightweight military clothing . protect we soldier in the field of battle be at the core of my government 's commitment to we armed force . soldier safety first be why we be in partnership . ibs director , nigel adler , beside he , nod vigorously . jame ( cont 'd ) and so I be very pleased to introduce you to ibs manage director , mister Nigel adler . a ripple of applause from the british reps - but most of the people watch be invite foreign buyer and they wait in silence for adler to speak . also watch be kate barne ( 25 ) , pr to the foreign Secretary , and tom bellamy ( 28 ) , he aide . adler thank you very much , foreign Secretary . we feel extremely honoure that you have take time out of you hectic schedule to open we stand this afternoon . thank you . jame smile bravely - but he be struggle with what turn out to be food poisoning . kate ( a whisper to Tom ) he 's go to throw up . tom I tell he not to eat the prawn . adler today we be introduce three new range : the adamant assault body armour system , the personal camouflage system and we light , fast - wick undercloth range ... jame be struggle to keep he inside under control . 19 20 21 22 yellow shoot script 12 September 2014 11 . ext . powell home / country lane - surrey - morning 19 a car drive away from a modest , secluded country home and head off down a quiet tree -line road . int . car - country lane - surrey - morning 20 powell , tense , drive . now wear the military uniform of a Army Colonel , she be on she car-mount cell phone . colonel powell Simon , I will not have the boy bring friend back for the night without ask I . ( a beat ) I be not have it . ( a beat ) if they want to do all that , they can do it away from home . she 's still so angry about it , she can not finish the call : colonel powell ( cont 'd ) it 's not right - and I be not have it . that have not calm she down either . int . live room / kitchen - steve 's house - night 21 ( note : this scene be formerly scene 13 . ) steve , shower and wrap in a towel , enter a open-plan live room / kitchen area from a hallway . he cross to a kitchen counter where a home cooked meal on a simple plate have be cover and set aside for he . steve uncover the food , look at it for a moment , then place it into a micro- wave and press a re-heat button . ext . permanent joint headquarters - london - morning 22 we establish a low , modern building backlit by a pale sun . soldier with attack dog patrol a perimeter fence . powell drive in and park in a '' officer only '' lot . on screen : '' permanent joint headquarters , london '' 23 24 yellow shoot script 12 September 2014 12 . int . pjhq - london - morning 23 powell come out of a lift , walk along a windowless corridor to a steel door , punch in a code and walk through . int . room —- pjhq - morning 24 powell enter a windowless bunker where several military personnel work on computer . they come to attention as powell enter the room . among they be sergeant mike gleeson , 28 , a ops watchkeeper and sergeant mushtaq saddiq , 27 , a targeteer . they hold permanent position here and so have a few personal memento beside they computer : baby photo , wife , child 's drawing . powell 's workspace be temporary - so there be nothing personal here . there be whiteboard with flip -chart and large tv screen suspend from the ceiling . on this screen be various high angle surveillance image and graphic . we do not focus on any detail yet . sergeant mushtaq hand powell a report . mushtaq Morning ma’am . version 3 on operation egret be ready . Ahmed 's house data be include on slide 3 . colonel powell thank you . she look at it . colonel powell ( cont 'd ) only two hellfire ? where be the gbu - 12' ? mushtaq ma’am , give the mission brief we think we should decrease the gross weight and increase the loiter time ... colonel powell so , I have just the two hellfire ? 25 26 yellow shoot script 12 September 2014 13 . mushtaq yes , mar ’am . colonel powell sergeant , next time , you clear it with I before you change the loadout , understand ? mushtaq yes , mar ’am . powell drop the report back on mushtaq 's desk . ext . airport - nairobi - morning 25 a commercial airliner touch down in early light . on screen : nairobi , kenya - 09h30 int . airport - morning 26 muhammad abdisalaam ( 20 ) , the clean -shaven american student whose image we see on powell 's office wall , come out of arrival with a trekker 's rucksack . he seem on edge but smile when he see a man , driver one , hold a card with ' kenyan Student Exchange service 's on it . driver one how be the flight ? muhammad ( 100 % american accent ) yeah , it be good . thank you . a camera shutter click and the image of muhammad freeze as a still frame on screen . a reverse angle reveal a athletic look kenyan man , agent atieno , 35 , casually shoot a long lens , covert surveillance image of Muhammad from across the airport lobby . atieno lower he camera and watch as muhammad be escort towards the airport exit by the driver . he speak into a small radio mike : agent atieno showman50 , bravo27 : Sea Hawk have arrive ... a26 27 28 29 yellow shoot script 12 September 2014 14 . int . pjhq - london - morning a26 a text pop up on sergeant gleeson 's screen : '' showman50 : Sea Hawk have leave the airport . " sergeant gleeson ma’‘am ... Sea Hawk be in and travel . powell look up from signing paperwork at she desk that outline rule of engagement etc. for the day 's mission . colonel powell be the reaper follow ? a warrant officer at another desk respond : warrant officer yes , ma ’am . patch we in . he work he keyboard and a a video image appear on a large tv screen at one end of the bunker ... the image on screen be a high angle shot film by a reaper drone fly unseen at 20,000 foot of a old suv drive down a main road bustling with hawker and matatu taxi . colonel powell headed for parkland ? a young female corporal at another station watch a screen that track the route of the suv on a map of nairobi . young female corporal look that way , yes , ma’am . omitted 27 omitted 28 ext . beach - hawaii - sunset 29 airman 1st CLASS lucy galvez , tall , fit , latino american , paddle a stand - up board toward towards a perfect beach . across the bay we see a large naval dockyard with warship starkly silhouett against the set sun . on screen : hickam AIR force base , hawaii 20h45 30 31 yellow shoot script 12 September 2014 15 . as lucy step off she board and onto the beach , three young american airmen jog past she . airman hey , Lucy , you come to Jimmy 's tonight ? lucy no. I be on duty . airman too bad ! lucy yeah . Lucy lift she board as the sun dip into the ocean . int . room - alia 's house - morning 30 alia be struggle with a equation . musa sit with she . alia alia ( cont 'd ) this be too difficult , papa ! xisaabta aad bay u adagtahay aabe . ( hisaab - to adbay oo adak to hay aah be . ) musa musa ( cont ’d ) just do you best . Si fiican oo wanaagsan u samey . ( siffee un of wanaksan , oo samay . ) fatima call from outside . fatima fatima ( cont 'd ) customer ! macaamiisha ! ( ma-a-mee-shaa ! ) immediately alia shut she textbook - and hide it under the seat cushion of a chair . before he open the door , musa look back to make sure alia be not see with the book . then he exit and greet a male customer ( omar ) wait in the yard with a damage bicycle . the door swing close on alia , leave she sit alone . ext . suburb - parkland - nairobi - morning 31 a street of middle income house within wall compound . the suv with muhammad inside approach one of the house . 32 33 34 yellow shoot script 12 September 2014 16 . omitted 32 ext . house - parkland - morning 33 now , from a angle at wall height ( that may seem like a security camera Pov ) we pan with the suv as it drive through the gate and pull to a stop in front of a two storey house . security staff rapidly close the gate as the suv door be open for muhammad . owner welcome my friend , welcome ! muhammad exit the car and be warmly greet by the owner . CUT to - what look like a SMALL tropical bird perch high on a wall of the compound . we push in on the bird and see that it be in fact a micro -rpa - a drine design to look like a small bird , with a_small glass lens embed in its chest . this ' bird 's be what have be filming the arrival of the suv . int . pjhq - london - morning 34 on one of the screen be the image from the micro-rpa bird of the owner escort muhammad into he home . colonel powell ( into a headset ) hawaii5 , north20 , look like we have Sea Hawk , but I have like a positive id . image analyst ( on another screen ) hawaii5 , copy that . running pid confirmation . on yet another screen be a much more high angle image of the same action from a reaper drine fly unseen at 20,000 foot . powell switch channel : colonel powell showman50 , north20 . good morning mose - how be you this morning ? 35 36 37 yellow shoot script 12 September 2014 17 . int . operation room - company D base - morning 35 major mose owiti , kenya National Intelligence service ( nis ) , have the image from the bird on he secure laptop . major owiti showman50 , copy . good morning Colonel ! very good ! colonel powell confirm Sea Hawk be in the blue zone but condor be still in flight ? major owiti Sea Hawk be in the blue zone . we expect condor to land in a hour . colonel powell thank you . be you troops in place and ready to move in ? major owiti ( look out at he troops ) yes . briefed and ready . owiti be Pov : ext . company D base - morning 36 in a high - wall load area be a number of military truck and fifty kenyan soldier of kenya 's elite D company , dress for action , each with they weapon and gear beside they . some smoke , some drink can of soda , some quietly chat , other just sit and wait . it 's a strangely calm scene . int . kitchen - mom 's house - night 37 steve wash he dinner plate . he be now dress in smart casual . the front door open and steve 's mom , 45 , wear a waitress uniform , enter . she 's tired from a long shift . steve hi , Mom . work okay ? mom it be alright . tip be better than Kansas . steve smile . 38 yellow shoot script 12 September 2014 18 . mom ( cont 'd ) do you like you dinner ? steve yeah , thanks , it be great . he pick up he car key . mom you be off early ? think you shift be much later ? steve I be go to sammy 's birthday . mom oh ... they let you drink before ...? steve I be not gonna drink . I be just gonna stop by and say a quick happy birthday . he kiss she cheek and head for the door . mom stevie ... he turn back . steve yeah ? a beat . she 's obviously go through a tough time . mom I will not stay forever , I promise . steve you stay as long as you want , Mom . he smile briefly . she do too , grateful . ext . ministry of defence - london - morning 38 high angle view establish the impose building of the british Ministry of Defence from the air . on screen : ministry of defence , london 08h00 colonel powell ( 0.s ) General . good morning . 39 40 4l 42 yellow shoot script 12 September 2014 19 . int . office - ministry of defence - london - morning 39 lieutenant-general frank benson ( deputy Chief of Defence staff ) , in military service dress , be on he office phone . lieutenant-general benson you get my email ... int . pjhq - london - morning 40 powell be on she phone . colonel powell yes , I do . make I sick . his family will need we support . lieutenant -general benson leave it with I . do you have everything in place for today ? colonel powell yes . lieutenant-general benson good . i’1l be at cobra in a hour . colonel powell that should be fine . ext . las vega strip - night 4l we drift over bright night Las Vegas from a high angle . las vega strip - 00h45 int . nightclub - las vega - night 42 steve walk into a glitzy club with loud music , flash light and pole dancer . the place be pack with people dream of and sell sex . it be the epitome of Vegas excess . steve cross to a bar . he reach over the counter and grab himself a martini glass . a bartender catch he eye and come over . 43 44 yellow shoot script 12 September 2014 20 . steve ( to the bartender ) just some water please - but throw in a olive and make it look alcoholic ... int . hall - arm fair - singapore - day 43 jame hurry down a trading aisle escort by three bodyguard as kate and tom struggle to catch up . tom the meeting with the malaysian Trade Minister be now at four - thirty . jame you 'il have to do it for I . tom but the ... kate perhaps if you take a '' eezi tum ? '' jame I need to go back to the hotel ! he get to he destination , the mens , and hurry inside . tom and kate stand with they coffee . tom why appoint a foreign Secretary who always get ill ? ext . nightclub - upstair private area - night 44 steve , with he '' water only '' martini in hand , come up some stair and enter a private party area . he recognize he birthday group , include sammy , 26 . they be all drunk . three dancers be entertaining the party . sammy stevie !!! so good to see you ! you get a drink ? steve I get one , sammy . steve raise he fake martini with the olive . yellow shoot script 12 September 2014 21 . sammy man , I do not think you would come ! he bear hug steve . steve happy birthday , buddy . sammy my best friend , man . my best - you know that right ? steve stand smile , trap in sammy 's drunken embrace . steve right . I know . sammy release steve from the hug . sammy come on , sit down . steve Sam , seriously , I can not stay long . I be on duty from three ... sammy ( imitate he ) Steve , seriously , I be on duty from six . sit down . he turn to one of the dancers . sammy ( cont 'd ) shelley ! a lap - dance for my best friend ! steve no , no ... sammy yes , yes ... over here , please ! over here ... a dancer , '' shelley , '' approach steve - and gently push backwards . Steve fall into a chair . sammy ( cont 'd ) there ya go !!! he despite the bravado there 's a edge of darkness to sammy . as if he have see more in he 26 year than he have ever let on . 45 46 47 48 yellow shoot script 12 September 2014 22 . steve blushes as shelley lower she long hair over he face . int . bakery - alia 's compound - morning 45 fatima look in at the bread she 's baking in she wood - burn oven and remove hot loaf with a paddle . she set the loaf on a table with other already baked . fatima Alia ! int . house - alia' compound - same time 46 alia look up from a travel book she be read . alia alia ( cont 'd ) yes , mama ! haa , hooyo ! ( haa hoy-yo ! ) fatima ( 0.s ) fatima ( cont 'd ) the bread be ready ! rootiga waa diyaar ! ( rooti - ka wad diyaar ! ) she close she book and hide it under the cushion . ext . airport - nairobi - morning 47 a commercial flight touch down in midday heat . on screen : nairobi airport , kenya - 11h45 int . airport - nairobi - morning 48 rasheed hamud ( 20 ) be the clean-shaven british student we see in powell 's office . he carry a rucksack . he come out of arrival look anxious . he have instruction to act normally - not to look around he as if expect something - but he 's so focus on do the right thing that he look anything but normal . he 's relieved to see a driver ( driver two ) hold up a placard with ' kenyan Student Exchange service 's on it . he approach driver two and they shake hand . rasheed ( a south London accent ) hello . a48 b48 yellow shoot script 12 September 2014 23 . driver two how be the flight ? rasheed it be okay , thank you . driver two follow I . rasheed yes . thank you . across the hall , agent atieno , unseen , watch rasheed leave with driver two . rasheed have he cell phone out and it look like he be type a text message . atieno talk quietly into he radio . agent atieno showman50 , bravo27 : condor have land ... he 's texting ... int . operation room - company D base - morning a48 major owiti showman50 , copy that . proceed to the Blue Zone . owiti lean forward and type a text message into he laptop . ( note : a surveillance image of the suburban house in parkland be visible in another window on he screen . ) int . pjhq - london - morning b48 a message from owiti ( showman50 ) pop up on gleeson 's screen . sergeant gleeson ma ’am , condor be texting . colonel powell yes . and ? sergeant gleeson it read ... uh ... '' hi sis , arrive safely . give Mom a big hug for I . '' colonel powell ( dry as hell ) how sweet ... 49 50 51 yellow shoot script 12 September 2014 24 . ext . STREET - eastleigh - nairobi - morning 49 alia , with a basket of she mother 's loaf , walk to a table already set up on the sidewalk alongside a compound wall . she put down she basket of bread , take out a cloth and begin to carefully lay it on the rickety table . she hear raised voice - and look up to see a poor woman be question by three militia men about she attire , which do not cover she wrist . militia leader militia leader ( cont ’d ) you need to cover yourself waxaad u baahan tahay inaad properly ! si sax ah naftaada dabooli ! the man slap at she expose wrist with a short whip . militia man # 2 militia man # 2 ( cont ’d ) go home ! now ! tag guriga , hadda ! humiliate the woman walk away . the men look back and see alia glance at they . two other militia men guard a nearby compound watch she too . alia quickly lower she gaze , afraid to be see watch and concentrate on lay out she bread on the table - cloth . ext / int . steve 's car - road out of vega - night 50 it 's a beautiful , starry night . Music on the radio . steve drive a desert road , head into the desert . int . toy shop - the strand - london - morning 51 benson stare nervously at row of toy doll . he look for a shop assistant - but she 's with another customer . he take out he phone . punch a number . leave a message : lieutenant-general benson darling it 's you dad here . I be look at a whole shelf of this annabell doll . you do not tell I there be different type . I have no idea what to buy she . can you get back to I asap ? otherwise ... he pick up one of the doll . squint at the package . 52 53 54 yellow shoot script 12 September 2014 25 . lieutenant-general benson ( cont ’d ) I be hold a ... um ... a annabell time to sleep doll and it say here ' you will hear she babbling when it be beddy - by ' . call I as soon as you can . he put away he phone . stress , he stare at the doll . ext . kenyan market area - parkland - midday 52 a stall owner slop stew from a pot into take - away carton . jama farah , a kenyan of somali origin , in he hat , jeans , shirt , glance about while he wait for he food . he eye a pretty woman in a tank - top and short crossing the street . ( this neighbourhood be not govern by sharia law . we may also notice a STREET vendor sell plastic bucket amidst dozen of other vendor . jama slap hand with the stall owner , pay he and head off down the street with three carton of stew . ext . quiet side STREET - parkland - midday 53 jama round a corner and approach a batter commercial van mark '' ruaka Engineering service '' park on a quiet street . he pull open the passenger side door . int . jama' van - parkland - midday 54 jama enter the van with the food he have just buy . he hand a carton of stew to a driver in the front seat and move into the back of the van . seat in the darken interior , damisi , a indigenous kikuyu kenyan woman , also in jeans and T-shirt , sit in front of a secure laptop . damisi we have get condor in the Blue Zone . jama who the fuck 's condor ? he look over damisi 's shoulder at the computer screen . 55 56 57 58 59 yellow shoot script 12 September 2014 26 . damisi the second guy in from the airport . on her screen : another car be enter the compound . the owner open the car door and rasheed get out . the image on damisi 's screen be from the micro-rpa bird we see filming the arrival of muhammad earlier at the same house . damisi control the filming use a mobile joystick device . jama I can not keep up with this name . int . pjhq - london - morning 55 powell , see what damisi and jama be see display on she screen , speak into she headset : colonel powell showman50 , north20 , can we get a view into the house ? int . operation room - company D base - midday 56 major owiti speak into he headset . major owiti yes , ma ’am . peg90 , showman50 , can you try and look into the house ? int . jama' van - parkland - midday 57 damisi and jama watch on the secure laptop . damisi showman50 , peg90 , move now . ext . house - parkland - midday 58 we see , perch on the compound wall , the micro-rpa bird . it take off from its perch and fly around the house . int . jama' van - parkland - midday 59 jama and damisi look at the image from the bird fly around the house on they screen . 60 61 62 63 yellow shoot script 12 September 2014 27 . they can not get a view inside . all the shutter be shut . damisi showman50 do you want we to bring in ringo ? int . operation room - company D base - midday 60 major owiti , continue ... major owiti negative , not worth the risk yet . wait for number 3 to arrive . ext . whitehall - westminster - london - morning 61 a aerial view of London and the cabinet Office building . on screen : british cabinet office , whitehall - 11h15 int . reception - cabinet office - morning 62 benson , carry the doll he buy peek out of a too - small plastic bag , speak to a receptionist . lieutenant-general benson General benson . here for cobra . a young civil servant in a suit , jack cleary , 30 's approach from across the lobby , offer a outstretch hand . jack General benson ... Jack cleary . I be coordinate today . int . hallway - cabinet office - morning 63 a hallway off which we can see numerous room . a calm atmosphere as a few politician chat . jack be ask people to go into the briefing room . benson be on he cell phone . lieutenant-general benson hold on a minute . hold on a minute . he take the doll from its bag . 64 yellow shoot script 12 September 2014 28 . lieutenant-general benson ( cont ’d ) annabell Care for I ? what have I get ? he see that he have the time to sleep doll . lieutenant-general benson ( cont ’d ) do it matter ? I mean ... we watch he as he listen : it plainly do matter . his aide -de-camp appear by he side . aide-de-camp General , they be ask for you . lieutenant-general benson ( sighing ) all right , darling , I will try . yes . bye-bye . he shut down he phone and look at he aide -de - camp anxiously . lieutenant-general benson ( cont ’d ) I buy a time to sleep doll when I should have buy a Care for me. apparently there be a important difference . he hand he aide -de- camp the doll in she bag . aide-de-camp I will see what I can do , sir . benson walk into the room . int . briefing room a - whitehall —- morning 64 cobr ( a ) - cabinet Office briefing room a - be the government committee that meet in response to crise at home and elsewhere in the world that have implication at home . eight vtc screen be at one end of the low - ceiling room and there be two more screen , one along each side . one of the screen have image from BBC News 24 . another have the live stream from the reaper rpa , a third have image from the bird . there be a large conference table in the middle of the room , around which be leather chair - but this be a ' informal 's meeting to watch the attack on the house in nairobi . 65 yellow shoot script 12 September 2014 29 . ( remind yourself of the image in the White House situation room as they watch the attack on Bin Laden 's house . ) a small group of politician be gather in the room along with jack cleary , the coordinate civil servant . benson shake hand with GEORGE matherson , Attorney General . lieutenant-general benson good morning , Attorney General . GEORGE Morning , Frank . on screen - '' GEORGE matherson mp - UK Attorney General . " lieutenant-general benson Minister . woodale General . on screen - '' brian woodale mp - Minister of State for foreign and commonwealth affair . '' lieutenant-general benson ma ’am . congratulation on you new appointment . angela thank you . on screen - '' angela northman mp - parliamentary under - Secretary of State responsible for Africa . " benson be at the head of the table . already open in front of he be a secure laptop computer from which he will be able to hold a text message conversation with powell . beside that there be also a secure telephone . lieutenant-general benson I be go to talk you through the capture of Susan danford aka ayesha Al - hady ... int . corridor - hickam AIR force base - night 65 lucy galvez , now in uniform and carry a large takeout coffee , stride down a busy corridor of uniform personnel . on screen : joint base pearl harbor -hickam , hawaii - 00h15 66 67 68 yellow shoot script 12 September 2014 30 . int . room - hickam AIR force base - continuous 66 lucy enter a cramped room with she coffee . a image analyst , bleary - eye , sit in front of five screen . on one be the live feed from the reaper above the parkland house . on another be the live feed from the bird . image analyst hi . do you go to the party ? lucy I be busy . you might still make it . what have we get here ? image analyst we be tracking some extremist in nairobi . one of they be from my home town . lucy you be kid , really ? her colleague bring up a image of muhammad abdisalaam on the screen as Lucy prepare to take over the shift . lucy ( cont 'd ) be that he ? image analyst yeah . Muhammad abdisalaam . somali . we have get a lot of they there . lucy well , let 's hope he 's not come back . ext . creech AIR force base - nevada desert - night 67 Steve 's car cross a desert runway , pass open hangar with fighter jet and reaper drone visible within . he pull up outside a small collection of low building . on screen : creech AIR force base , nevada - 02h30 int . changing room - creech - night 68 steve zip into he flight suit in front of a locker . there be several rpa crew here , dress for a new shift . most be so young it look like a military training school . 69 yellow shoot script 12 September 2014 31 . colonel walsh ( 0.s ) alright , listen up . int . squadron operation room - creech - night 69 steve , matt ( 24 ) and carrie ( 22 ) listen to lt . colonel ed walsh , a senior operation supervisor at creech . colonel walsh I '' go to introduce you to Colonel Powell in London . he press a button on he desk console and colonel powell appear on a wall mount video Conference screen . colonel walsh ( cont ’d ) good morning , ma ’am . be we come through clear ? colonel powell loud and clear , Colonel , thank you . it 's good to see you again . colonel walsh and you , ma ’am . I have you crew ready . introduce yourselves please . steve Morning , ma ’am . aircraft Commander Steve watt . Pilot . carrie airman first class carrie gershon . sensor Operator . matt senior airman Matt levery , Mission Intel co-ordinator . colonel powell thank you . today you will be fly a joint operation over nairobi , kenya . code name : operation egret . as powell proceed with the brief she click on relevant image that appear on a second screen in the room . colonel powell ( cont 'd ) ( show a map ) horn of Africa . Somalia . kenya . nairobi . ( more ) yellow shoot script 12 September 2014 32 . colonel powell ( cont 'd ) we have intelligence of a meeting of key member of Al - shabaab in the suburb of parkland - in this house here . over a reaper image of a house in the suburb of parkland : colonel powell ( cont 'd ) it belong to a man name shahid Ahmed , a Al - shabaab facilitator . she put up the image of Ahmed with Al - shabaab leader : colonel powell ( cont 'd ) due to visit the house be this man , Abdullah Al - hady , a somali ... she put up a image of Al - hady . colonel powell ( cont 'd ) .-. and he wife ayesha Al - hady , formerly Susan helen danford . she flip through image of danford , some as a troubled teen in the UK , the rest , intelligence pic of she as a jihadist . colonel powell ( cont 'd ) british national . Troubled childhood . convert at fifteen . radicalized in a west London mosque where she meet and marry Al - hady . Intelligence have they connect to the most recent suicide bombing in kenya . we see shocking image of the carnage cause by a suicide bombing in kenya . colonel powell ( cont 'd ) we have be tracking they for six year . last see in addis ababa two month ago . we see image of danford and al-hady in addis ababa . colonel powell ( cont 'd ) they be number four and five on we East Africa most want list . we have information that they will be in nairobi today , use the parkland house as a transit point for two new recruit : 70 71 yellow shoot script 12 September 2014 33 . powell put up a image of a american dress boy : muhammad abdisalaam , take in a mall somewhere in the USA . colonel powell ( cont 'd ) Muhammad abdisalaam , american - the CIA have he connect to extremist in Minnesota . she put up another image : rasheed hamud at a protest in London with a charismatic islamic speaker . colonel powell ( cont 'd ) and rasheed hamud , british . she put up the image of the house again . colonel powell ( cont 'd ) once all suspect be in the house , kenyan special force will launch a cordon and search . this be a operation to capture , not kill . you be task to be they eye in the sky . ext . creech AIR force base - night 70 steve and carrie , relaxed , walk out into the night and head for what look like one of a dozen beige shipping container : this be the Ground Control station ( gcs ) for rpa crew . carrie so , Sir , how long have you be station here ? steve about six month now . you ? carrie I just get here . steve wow . okay . how do you like Vegas ? carrie it can get a little wild . carrie and steve walk into the Ground Control Station . int . ground control station - night 71 steve and carrie enter the narrow , windowless world . the previous shift be at they station . yellow shoot script 12 September 2014 34 . steve hey , guy . see any giraffe ? first crewman matter of fact , yeah ... carrie oh wow . second crewman a whole bunch of they ' bout thirty mile east of the city . first crewman the lr crew see a whole herd of elephant on take off . carrie no kid ? steve make a change from stare at goat . the guy laugh . on one of the screen , we see the parkland house and its neighbourhood . this image be feed from the mq-9 reaper uav fly 20,000 foot above nairobi . first crewman the aircraft be establish in the orbit at Flight level two zero zero , run covert . aircraft and gcs be in the green with no write up . he get up and steve settles into the seat . second crewman ( to carrie ) all camera check good . here be the target ... Ground force be two street away , in a old factory , over here . he pull back on the throttle that control the camera zoom and the image snap out to a wider area . he point out the location of the fifty soldier of D company conceal in they compound . carrie okay , thanks . carrie settles into she seat . 72 73 74 yellow shoot script 12 September 2014 35 . first crewman weapon all spun up good . ten hour time on station remain . you still have two hellfire missile . secure radio check good . steve and carrie , now seat , look so young to be in control . steve ( into radio ) you guy strapped in ? int . squadron operation room - night 72 matt and colonel walsh wear headphone and watch the same image . colonel walsh we be here . matt comm good . ext . STREET - eastleigh - early afternoon 73 alia be still sell she bread . she only have a few loaf leave . a woman in a hijab approach . woman woman ( cont ’d ) how much ? meega waaye ? ( meh - ko why ye ? ) alia alia ( cont 'd ) fifty shilling . konton shilling . ( konton shill - ling . ) woman woman ( cont ’d ) forty ? afartan ? ( affar-tan ? ) alia alia ( cont 'd ) forty -five ? afartan iyo shan ? ( affar-ton eeyo -shun ? ) the deal be do . int . ground control station - night 74 steve and carrie sit at the control . on the screen in front of they , they watch a man come out of the house . carrie we have movement . 75 76 77 78 yellow shoot script 12 September 2014 36 . steve Zoom in . carrie zoom in as a second man come out of the house - but they be limited to a ' above head 's shot and identification be not clear . int . pjhq - london - morning 75 we see in detail the big bank of screen . on one be the reaper live feed . on another be the bird live feed . powell watch the live image from the bird of the two man exite the house . it 's a wide shot , but the two look like rasheed and muhammad . colonel powell ( into headset ) hawaii5 , north20 , confirm pid . int . room - hickam AIR force base - hawaii - night 76 lucy Roger north20 . I would like to be closer . Lucy , speak into a headset , be now settle in front of she screen . her colleague wave good - night from the door . colonel powell peg90 , go closer for pid . int . jama' van - parkland - afternoon 77 jama watch damisi zoom the bird closer in . on they screen : the two young man look tense . they be clearly rasheed and muhammad . they turn as the owner of the house come out . int . pjhq - london - midday 78 powell watch she screen like a predator : rasheed and muhammad be talk to the owner . he seem very grateful to they for something - and to be wishing they well . lucy ( 0.s. ) north20 , hawaii5 confirm positive id 's on Muhammad abdisalaam and rasheed hamud . 79 80 81 yellow shoot script 12 September 2014 37 . colonel powell Roger that . she have not take she eye off she suspect . then she see : a driver open the rear door of the suv . colonel powell ( cont 'd ) damn it , they be leave . where be danford and Al - hady ? sergeant gleeson ma’am , we intelligence only have they arrive in another half hour . colonel powell ( mot happy ) well then we intelligence be bad ! int . briefing room a - whitehall - midday 79 benson look at the screen , alarmed . the other , eat sandwich and drink tea and coffee , see he reaction , uncertain what to think . ext . company D base - afternoon 80 major owiti watch the live feed . he call to he man : major owiti load up ! his man respond , hurry to they truck . tension be high . owiti talk to powell on he mike : major owiti ( cont ’d ) north20 , showman50 , I have my man ready . do we go in ? int . pjhq - london - midday 81 powell hesitates , but only for a brief moment . colonel powell no , hold you man . I want danford and I be hope they will lead we to she . she 's take a calculate risk here and she feel it . 82 83 84 yellow shoot script 12 September 2014 38 . int . operation room - company D base - afternoon 82 major owiti watch the same live feed . major owiti Roger that . a tense captain wait for the order to deploy he troops . major owiti ( cont ’d ) tell they to hold . disappointed , the captain reluctantly nod . major owiti ( cont 'd ) ( change channel ) bravo27 , showman50 , follow if they leave . int . agent atieno 's car - STREET - afternoon 83 atieno , who we meet at the airport take covert photograph of Muhammad and rasheed , hear the message on he earpiece . agent atieno bravo27 , ready to follow . he start up he engine . int . ground control station - night 84 steve and carrie watch the live reaper as the owner of the house hug rasheed with a long , affectionate embrace . carrie look like they know they be not meeting again . steve we do not read into thing . carrie have not we gotta think ? rasheed and muhammad get into the suv with the driver one . steve ( over radio ) mover , say intention . 85 86 87 88 89 yellow shoot script 12 September 2014 39 . int . room - hickam AIR force base - hawaii - night 85 Lucy in front of the screen : lucy stay on pax . steve ( 0.s ) copy . suddenly : a woman in a long flow dress , she head wrap in a hijab , exit the house and get quickly into the suv . we see this from the high shot of the reaper . the bird be too slow to catch she . int . pjhq - london - early afternoon 86 powell be watch the image . colonel powell who be that ? be that danford ?! I need a pid ! int . operation room - company D base - afternoon 87 major owiti be frustrated as he speak into he headset . major owiti peg90 you miss she ! look in the vehicle . int . jama' van - parkland - afternoon 88 damisi and jama watch the image from the bird that show the side of the suv - window dark ; just a shadow outline of the woman in the back . damisi sorry , sir . window be tinted . int . pjhq - london - early afternoon 89 colonel powell damn it , be that she , or do Ahmed have a wife ?! sergeant gleeson I be sorry , we do not know , ma ’am . 90 91 92 93 94 95 yellow shoot script 12 September 2014 40 . colonel powell not good enough people ! it have to be she . why do not we know she be already in the house ?! there 's a embarrassed silence . the image from the bird show the suv move as the gate to the compound be open . int . ground control station - night 90 steve and carrie watch the reaper feed as the suv drive out into the street . int . agent atieno 's car - parkland STREET - afternoon 91 agent atieno see the suv turn into another street and pull into traffic to follow it . agent atieno showman50 , bravo27 , they be head east on route five ... to eastleigh . from he expression we sense that be not good news . major owiti damn it ... copy that . int . pjhq - london - early afternoon 92 powell watch the reaper live feed of the suv drive towards the eastleigh market Area . colonel powell hawaii5 , I want a pid on that woman as soon as we get a visual . omitted 93 omitted 94 int . room —- hickam AIR force base - night 95 lucy , tense , in front of the screen . lucy yes , ma ’‘am . 96 97 98 yellow shoot script 12 September 2014 41 . int . ground control station - night 96 steve pilot the reaper to follow the suv as it turn right . steve Zoom out . carrie pull back the image . steve and carrie watch the reaper image of agent atieno follow the suv . int . pjhq - london - early afternoon 97 powell be alarmed as she watch the reaper feed of the vehicle turn again . intercut with owiti check a route on he secure laptop . major owiti north20 , showman50 , it look like they be head toward eastleigh . colonel powell that 's a no go area . major owiti yes , ma’am ... colonel powell how do we launch a ground assault if she 's go in there ? major owiti we can not ... it would trigger a massacre . colonel powell ( to herself ) shit ... ( to owiti ) alright , just stay with she . she watch the suv slow down , turn into a side road and then stop at a al - shabaab militia checkpoint . int . briefing room a - whitehall - early afternoon 98 benson and the other watch the screen nervously . 99 100 101 yellow shoot script 12 September 2014 42 . int . agent atieno 's car - eastleigh - afternoon 99 agent atieno slow and stop at a intersection . a leave turn will take he right into the militia control neighborhood . he can see the heavily guard checkpoint guard by armed militia a short distance away . agent atieno ( tense ) showman50 , bravo27 ... do you want I to try and go in ? major owiti ( 0.s. ) no. return to base . agent atieno , relieved , drive on . int . ground control station - night 100 steve Zoom in . carrie do . she and steve watch as a militia leader - surround by a small posse - walk up to the suv . the posse try to get a look at the people in the suv . carrie and steve watch a respectful exchange between the militia leader and the woman in the back passenger seat . but all they can see from they high angle be she cover arm as it extend out of the window . the arm wave as the suv pull away and drive into the militia control neighbourhood . steve and carrie follow the suv as it turn into another street . the militia see drive around earlier with a machine gun bolt to the back of they pickup have park on a corner . another fifty yard up the road , two armed guard with ak47 open the gate to a compound , and the suv pull in . there be another suv already in the compound . the gate be immediately close . int . pjhq - london - early afternoon 101 powell , watch the reaper image . 102 103 104 105 106 yellow shoot script 12 September 2014 43. colonel powell showman50 , do we know this house ? int . operation room - company D base - afternoon 102 major owiti have the same reaper image . major owiti ( into he headset ) it belong to amadu mukhtar . he 's a somali trader but there be no other intel on he . int . pjhq - london - early afternoon 103 powell watch the live feed as rasheed , muhammad , the woman cover in the hijab and driver one get out of the vehicle . rasheed , muhammad and the woman walk into the house . the driver stay outside . colonel powell hawaii5 , north20 , do you see anything there ? int . room - hickam AIR force base - night 104 lucy analysis image frame grab from the reaper video feed as the woman walk into the house . her eye scan they rapidly . she zoom in . but the woman have keep she cover head down and lucy can not see anything helpful . lucy no , ma ’am . int . pjhq - london - early afternoon 105 powell react , frustrated . colonel powell showman50 , we need a eye inside that house . int . operation room - company D base - afternoon 106 major owiti watch the reaper image . yellow shoot script 12 September 2014 44 , major owiti ma’am , that could risk the operation . we cut between the two : colonel powell I have to know if danford be inside and who be with she . major owiti it will mean put a man on the street . he will have to be close to fly the beetle and he could easily raise suspicion . colonel powell even if you use a somali ? major owiti Al - shabaab control that neighbourhood . every stranger be suspicious . even a somali . powell pace for a moment . a beat . colonel powell Major , we both believe we have danford in that house , do we not ? major owiti yes , ma’am ... colonel powell and I cannot authorize a strike without a positive id ... major owiti I understand that ... colonel powell then I believe we need to accept the risk and send someone in . can you do it ? major owiti yes , ma ’‘am . colonel powell thank you . I appreciate what you be do . 107 108 109 yellow shoot script 12 September 2014 45 . int . operation room - company D base - afternoon 107 owiti draw a breath and talk quietly into he headset . major owiti ( to jama ) peg90 , showman50 , I need you to engage ringo at the target house . int . jama' van - parkland - afternoon 108 jama , seat with damisi , look shocked for a moment . jama showman50 , peg90 , you want I to enter the militia control area ? major owiti yes ... we need a positive id . a beat . jama look nervously at damisi . then summon he courage . jama showman50 , peg90 ... leave now . damisi look at he , alarmed . damisi what if you be recognise ? jama just look at she . the question linger . damisi ( cont 'd ) you better have a good story for where you have be this last year . ext . amadux compound - eastleigh - afternoon 109 alia walk past amadu 's compound and turn into the passageway lead to she own house . ext . alia 's compound - eastleigh - afternoon 110 musa be talk to omar : yellow shoot script omar since the boy have take over , nobody be steal any more . musa can not risk say anything musa yes , it 's a good thing . 12 September 2014 46 . omar ( cont 'd ) Tan ilaa iyo wiilashii wax xadaayey in badan uu san wiil danbe wax xadeyn . ( Tan illa - yo weel - la- shee wah haadaayay , in badan oo san will dambe wah hadeen . ) other than agree with he . musa ( cont 'd ) haa waa fikrad aadiyo aad u fiican . ( haa wafikrad aa-diyo aad oo fee aan . ) alia walk into the compound . omar look up and see she . omar now you can leave you door open and no one will steal you bike . musa yes . omar ( cont 'd ) hadda Al - baab kaaga oo furan waad dhaafi kartaa mar jiro qof baaskiil kaaga xadayo . ( haad - dah Al baab kaaga afuran waad dhaafi kaarta majjeero kof baaskeel kaagah haa da yo . ) musa ( cont 'd ) haye . ( haa ye . ) alia drop she empty basket in the bakery . omar reach into he pocket and pay musa . alia exit the bakery and pick up she hula hoop . as omar be exite the gate with he repair bicycle , she start swinging it on she hip . omar glance back disapprovingly at alia , force musa to immediately admonish she . musa Alia ! what be you do ? alia immediately stop . alia sorry , papa . musa what be you think of ? musa ( cont 'd ) Al - liya , maxaad sameyneysaa ? ( Al - liya mahad same - ney - sa ? ) alia ( cont 'd ) igi raali nogo aabe. ( igraali nokko aah - be . ) musa ( cont 'd ) maxaad ka fikreysaa ? ( mahad ka fik-ray - saa ? ) yellow shoot script alia I do not know papa . 12 September 2014 47 . alia ( cont 'd ) ma agaano aabe . ( ma akaano aah be . ) she stand still , await more punishment . musa never again ! alia yes papa . musa ( cont 'd ) mardan be yaan arkin adigo fikraaya ! ( mardum bear yaan arkeen adeego fik raa ya ! ) alia ( cont 'd ) haye aabe . ( haa yay aah be . ) omar smile insincerely and wheel away he bicycle . as the gate swing close behind he , musa turn to alia . musa you must learn to be more careful . alia yes . musa I do not know whether he support the militia or if he be just pretend to because he think I do - but we take no chance . we trust no one . and you never ever do that in front of a man . alia no , papa . musa ( cont 'd ) waa inaad si fiican wax u barataa iskuna badnaataa . ( wa innad siffee un wah u barataa iskoo nah budnaa tah . ) alia ( cont 'd ) haye . ( haa yay . ) musa ( cont 'd ) aniga ma agaano mana taageerayo maleeshiyada iyo haddey si qalden ila hadlaan ama ila dhagmaan laakin waxaan qaadanaya fursad . mana aminayo qof walbo , adiganah weligaaga . mardanbe , haku ciyaarin nin hortiisa ama dadka ii imaanaya hortooda . ( aneega mar akaano mannah taa - ge-rey - yo militia- dah iyoh hadday si qualdan illah hadlaan ama illah dhak - maan laakin wah - haan gqadah - nayah foor sud . ma amee- ney - yo qoof walbo , adee - gana welli gaa gaa maar- dum - bay haako - i- ya - rin neen hortisa amaah daddkaa i imaan- ney - ya hor - toodah . ) alia ( cont 'd ) Maya aabe . ( May ya aah - be . ) yellow shoot script musa never again , okay ? alia yes , papa - but I can do it in front of you ? 12 September 2014 48 . musa ( cont 'd ) marnaba ha isku deyin haye dheh ? ( mar-nabbah - haa - be - koo day in haa yay dheh ? ) alia ( cont 'd ) haye aabe , laakin adiga hortooda waan ku ciyaari karaa soo maahan ? ( haa yay aah bay , laakin adeegah hortoodah waan ku iyaaree karaa so mahaan ? ) a beat . musa put he arm around she and hug she close . musa yes , of course . musa ( cont 'd ) haa , waad ku ciyaari kortaa horteyda . ( haa , wad koo ee yaa ree kartaa hortoodah . ) alia pick up she hoop again and start to swing she hip . the hula hoop soon whizze around she body . musa smile . now alia have the rhythm go - faster and more expressive - she whole body and soul determine to be free . her defiance be exhilate . ext . kenyan market area - parkland - afternoon 111 jama' van pull up beside a STREET vendor sell stack of coloured plastic bucket . jama how much ? STREET vendor one eighty each . jama one thousand five hundred . for all of they . STREET vendor ( eye pop ) yes sir ! jama ( cont 'd ) meego waaye ? ( merko why yay ? ) STREET vendor ( cont ’d ) halka xabo waa sided shilling . ( halka haabo wa deed shill - ling . ) jama ( cont 'd ) kun iyo shan bogol dhamaantooda . ( koon ee-yo - shan bokoll dam - maan-toodah . ) STREET vendor ( cont ’d ) haye mudane ! ( haai yay moo dan - nay ! ) 112 113 114 yellow shoot script 12 September 2014 49 , int . ground control station - night the reaper image hover over amadu 's house . 112 we now see that Alia 's compound border this house - and in the corner of the image , we make out alia twirling she hoop . musa watch she as he repair a bicycle . steve look at that little girl . a long beat as he and carrie look . carrie tighten on alia a bit , without lose the house next door . carrie be not she great . steve yeah , she 's beautiful . carrie make I smile . ext . alia 's compound - afternoon alia twirl and twirl she hula hoop with a passion . int . room —- hickam AIR force base - night lucy watch as alia twirl she hoop . she smile . omitted omitted ext . alia 's compound - afternoon alia twirl and twirl . omitted int . pjhq - london - early afternoon powell watch the image from the reaper too . then talk she mike . 113 114 120 a120 121 yellow shoot script 12 September 2014 50 . colonel powell showman50 , how long before you have you man in the area ? int . operation room - company D base - afternoon 120 the soldier be still on stand - by as major owiti talk . major owiti he 's on he way , ma ’am . I can also get agent into position outside the militia control area to cover as many exit as possible in case they leave . colonel powell good . do that . thank you . powell be also , for a few moment , distract by alia . ext . alia 's compound - afternoon a120 fatima look out from inside she house . fatima tea 's ready . come ! alia drop she hoop and head into she house with she father . ext . eastleigh - militia checkpoint - afternoon 121 jama walk across the street towards the militia men at the entrance to the militia control area of eastleigh . he look convincing as a poor trader sell bucket - but one militia man have a idea to check he out . militia man militia man ( cont ’d ) hey , show I . waryaa itusi . ( War ya e too see . ) jama walk over to he . the militia man check that the bucket be not conceal anything . militia man militia man ( cont ’d ) what be you hide ? maxaa qarineysaa adiga ? ( maha qar nay sah aa-dika ? ) jama jama ( cont 'd ) Maya hiding ? nothing sir . waxbo mar qarinaayo ? ( maa ya wah bo maqara - nay - yo ? ) the man raise he weapon and point it at jama . jama , tense and back up slightly . 122 yellow shoot script militia man give I one . jama frown , confuse . jama what ? a bucket ? militia man you have anything else ? 12 September 2014 51 . militia man ( cont ’d ) isii hal xabo . ( ee see hal habo . ) jama ( cont 'd ) waa maxay ? baaldi ? militia man ( cont ’d ) ma leedahay wax kale ? jama swallow briefly . do the man want a bribe ? afraid the man may search he he speak very politely . jama please sir , if I give you one , all my profit will be lose . please sir . jama ( cont 'd ) waa ku baryaa mudane . hadaan hal xabo ku siiyo . faa'iido mar helayo . waa ku baryaa ii dhaaf . ( waa koo bar - yah moo-dan - not . have -dhaan hal - habo koo seeyoh . faa-ee-doh meh hee - la - yoh . waa koo bar - ee - ah ee - daff . ) a tense beat . then the militia man smile as if jama have pass some test . militia man I be joke , fool . go! go! militia man ( cont ’d ) waxaan kaftan , dogon . bax ! bax ! jama draw a relieved breath , smile politely and move quickly through the checkpoint . ext . STREET - eastleigh - afternoon 122 jama walk towards amadu 's compound . he stop at a distance . with a narrow view of the house , he be far enough away to avoid the suspicion of the armed guard . he put down he bucket and sit on one of they . then he surreptitiously take a small box out of he pocket and open it . in the box be a live ' african flower 's beetle . jama place it gently on one of he overturn bucket . 123 124 125 126 yellow shoot script 12 September 2014 52 . ext . amadux compound - afternoon 123 the beetle fly into amadu 's compound . it search the outside of the house and eventually find a open in a back door . it hover , look in . int . pjhq - london - early afternoon 124 major owiti ( 0.s. ) we be in . transmit now . powell watch a second screen flicker as a image from the beetle sputter to life : through a crack in the back door we see : int . kitchen - amadu 's house - afternoon 125 amadu have he back to we . he be carefully place seven date onto a small intricately pattern plate . he place the plate onto a silver tray , which already have two small ornate glass of '' zam zam '' ( holy water ) on it . he do not see the beetle hover just outside the door . ext . STREET - eastleigh - afternoon 126 jama control the beetle . watch the image on he cell - phone , he notice a boy , khalid , 12 , stare at he . khalid khalid ( cont 'd ) be that a game ? game miyaad ciyaareysaa ? ( game mee - yad ay -yaar - ay - — sah ? ) jama jama ( cont ’d ) yes . haa . ( hah . ) khalid khalid ( cont 'd ) which one ? noocee waaye ? ( no - ay why - yeh ? ) jama jama ( cont ’d ) nothing for a boy . ma ' ahan midki ciyaalka . ( ma-ahaan mid - key ee-yal - kah . ) yellow shoot script khalid a shoot game ? jama do you want a job ? khalid yes sir ! jama stay here and sell my bucket . I will give you half my money . khalid one half ? jama one half . khalid yes sir ! jama ask one fifty for each bucket - but you can take one twenty . khalid yes sir ! yes sir ! jama and do not talk to I , I be busy . khalid yes sir ! 12 September 2014 53 . khalid ( cont 'd ) makula ciyaaraa ? ( ma-koo - la ee-ya-rah ? ) jama ( cont 'd ) fiiri shago mar rabtaa . ( fee- ree shak - koh mar rub - — tah . ) khalid ( cont 'd ) haa mudane ! ( haa moo-dan - ay ! ) jama ( cont 'd ) inta joog iiGad_Alaabteyda waxaan ku sinayaa haaf lacagtayda . ( inter joog ee-gut alab-tay - dah wa - haan koo sinayah half la-ak - tay-dah . ) khalid ( cont 'd ) hal haafaa ? ( hal haa - fa ? ) jama ( cont 'd ) haa , hal haaf . ( haa , hal half . ) khalid ( cont 'd ) haye , mudane ! ( haa - yeah moo-da - nee ! ) jama ( cont 'd ) gad konton shilling baakat kii laakin mar gady kartid lawaatan shilling bakaat kee . ( gad konton shilling baa - kat kee laa -kin hag gadin car- tad la-waa - tan shilling baa - kat kee . ) khalid ( cont 'd ) haye mudane ! haye mudane ! ( haa mood -dan ! haa mood - dan ! ) jama ( cont 'd ) tankale ha ila hadlin aniga waxaan ahay mashgool . ( tan-ka - lay haa illah have - leen ar-neekah wah - haan ahay mush - gool . ) khalid ( cont 'd ) haye mudane ! ( haa - yay moo-dan - ay ! ) 127 128 129 130 yellow shoot script 12 September 2014 54 . int . kitchen - amadu 's house - afternoon 127 amadu pick up the tray and exit the kitchen . int . pjhq - london - afternoon 128 powell watch she screen as amadu leave the kitchen . colonel powell follow he . powell watch the image as the beetle enter the kitchen and rise quickly into the wooden rafter . the house have no ceiling , and from up in the darken rafter the beetle follow amadu out of the kitchen and into : int . live room - amadu 's house - afternoon 129 the beetle in the rafter watch amadu as he enter the live room with the tray of date and glass of zam zam . there be a carpet and a small raise dias in the centre of the room . on the wall be a large frame sura ( verse ) from the quran in ornate calligraphy . rasheed and muhammad be sit cross legge on velvet cushion . there be no other furniture . both look anxious . amadu set the tray on the dias before rasheed and muhammad with great reverence . the woman , who may be danford , be sit opposite they with she back to the camera . amadu sit on a cushion himself . the woman gesture to the date and water , prompt the young recruit to help themselves . the young man reach for the date , take one each and eat with small bite . int . pjhq - london - afternoon 130 powell stare at the live feed from the beetle . colonel powell get ringo around the other side to identify the woman . 131 132 133 134 yellow shoot script 12 September 2014 55 . the beetle move position . the live feed show the unidentified woman look up , have see or hear something . her look be almost directly into camera . a terrifying moment for powell ... ext . STREET - eastleigh - afternoon 131 .-. and a terrifying moment for jama as he see the same image on he cellphone : a white woman 's face . khalid sell the bucket catch jama look concerned . khalid khalid ( cont 'd ) you okay ? you lose the game ? caadi mar tahaye muu kaa badiyey game ka ? ( aah - dee mar ta-hay moo cub - bud - ee - ay game ka ? ) jama jama ( cont ’d ) no , still in it . leave I Maya , weli waaye iska key alone . dhaaf . ( maa - yah well - ee why - yay iska kay daff . ) int . pjhq - london - afternoon 132 the woman look down , no longer interested . powell sigh with relief . colonel powell that 's danford . hawaii5 , confirm pid please ! int . room —- hickam AIR force base - night 133 lucy match library image of danford with a frame grab from the beetle . she work quickly to identify she . lucy pid , Susan helen danford . int . pjhq - london - afternoon 134 powell look at the image from the beetle on she screen . 135 yellow shoot script 12 September 2014 56 . colonel powell hawaii5 , thank you ! she type a secure text at she desktop to benson : powell : we have she ! int . briefing room a - whitehall - afternoon 135 benson and the other look at the image from the beetle . benson have a secure laptop in front of he via which he receive text update from pjhq . he respond to powell 's text : benson reply : well do . lieutenant-general benson we have danford . woodale feel the tension . as the senior politician in the room responsible for Africa , he will now be on the spot to approve a new course of action - or to refer a decision to a higher authority . woodale but we cannot enter the militia control area . lieutenant-general benson no ... woodale then what be the plan , General ? benson draw back he shoulder . lieutenant -general benson well , use the reaper , we have the ability to strike a target with considerable accuracy ... there 's shock on the face in the room . lieutenant-general benson ( cont ’d ) if you agree , Minister ... we could eliminate she . before woodale can answer : angela absolutely not ! yellow shoot script 12 September 2014 57 . lieutenant-general benson ma’am , she be a member of Al - shabaab and number four on we East African most want list ... angela I do not care about you '' list '' General . I come here to witness a capture , not a target assassination ! benson eye she coldly . woodale look to GEORGE , the Attorney General , for advice , put he on the spot . woodale George ? GEORGE Frank , I be sorry , but I agree with Angela . the idea be to capture danford , not kill she . that be the mission approve by the p.m. and as Attorney General , that be what I come here to witness . we want she bring back to this country to stand trial . a beat . lieutenant-general benson right ... I will put that to Colonel Powell . he type into he secure text message service on he laptop . 136 int . pjhq - london - afternoon 136 powell see the incoming text on she desktop from benson : benson : be aware cobra be not inclined to eliminate she . powell : understood . benson : need a capture option . powell : not possible - until they leave . benson : understood . 137 138 139 yellow shoot script 12 September 2014 58 . int . ground control station - night 137 steve and carrie watch the only image they have , from they own reaper . carrie what 's happen ? steve do not know . Matt , what 's go on ? int . squadron operation room - night 138 walsh and matt have the beetle image on they screen . matt we have a beetle inside the house and we be see some people in there we do not like . they see a unknown man enter the room . rasheed and muhammad rise to greet he . matt ( cont 'd ) hey , another raghead ... colonel walsh what do you say ? matt I say ... there 's another '' extremist '' sir . colonel walsh watch you language , airman . matt yes , sir . steve ( 0.s. ) who be he ? matt do not know yet . stay cool . int . pjhq - london - afternoon 139 powell see the unknown man . he greet the young rasheed and muhammad with a quiet respect and gesture for they to sit . he turn to smile gently at danford and then sit beside she . colonel powell that 's he . that 's she husband . hawaii5 , confirm . yellow shoot script 12 September 2014 59 . 140 int . room - hickam AIR force base - night 140 lucy grab a still frame of jama 's image of al-hady . she match it to another image of he take somewhere in Africa and run it through a face recognition programme . then type into she chat : '' confirm pid - Abdullah Al - hady . " 141 int . pjhq - london - afternoon 141 sergeant gleeson ma'am , hawaii5 confirm positive id on Abdullah Al - hady . powell smile . colonel powell excellent . ( into she mike ) showman50 , we have they both . al41 int . operation room - company D base - afternoon a141 owiti stare at the beetle 's image of al-hady on he lap top . major owiti yes , ma ’am . this be wonderful . colonel powell I need peg90 to take I into the other room . let 's see who else might be come for tea . major owiti yes , ma ’‘am ! 142 ext . STREET - eastleigh - afternoon 142 jama , tense , control the beetle . khalid sell a bucket . khalid khalid ( cont 'd ) one hundred and forty ! bogol iyo afortun shillin ! ( bogol eeyoh af - for-ton shilling ! ) 143 144 145 yellow shoot script jama that 's a good sale . I must use you more often ! 12 September 2014 60 . jama ( cont 'd ) waa gadis wanaagsan waa inaz adiga kugu gadaa kuli ! ( waa gadis waa - nag - sun waa i- naan ah-dee - ga koo- ga - dah kool -ee ! ) khalid yes sir . if I sell one more can I play you game ? khalid ( cont 'd ) haye mudane . haddaan mid kale soo gadaa mar ciyaaraya game ka ? ( haa -yeah moo- da - nay . ha - dhaan meed ka- lay so gat - of mar yaa - rarr - ya game kah ? ) jama , concentrate , see a text message come up on he screen : '' explore the house . '' khalid khalid ( cont 'd ) if it 's a shoot game ... game kii ley tooganaayey miyaa . ( game kee ley too- ga - to - yay mee-yah . ) jama jama ( cont ’d ) it 's not . sell the bucket . ma'ahan gat baakadaha . ( ma- ahan gat kaa daa haa . ) disappointed , khalid turn away . jama focus on he '' game . '' int . amadux house - afternoon 143 the beetle leave the live room and fly down a corridor . int . pjhq - london - afternoon 144 powell closely observe the image from the beetle as it look into a bedroom . the room have basic furniture . there be no one here . int . pjhq - london - afternoon 145 powell watch as the beetle exit this room , go back into the corridor and enter a second bedroom . a older somali man be bent over the bed . 146 147 148 yellow shoot script 12 September 2014 61 . he be unpack something from a suitcase and lay it out carefully on the bedspread . as he step back , we see : two garment neatly laid out on the bed . powell watch as the beetle zoom in closer on the garment . they be suicide vest . pack with explosive . colonel powell shit ... she raise a hand to she mouth . int . squadron operation room - night 146 colonel walsh lean in , tense . matt fuck man ! fuck ! int . ground control station - night 147 steve and carrie watch the reaper image , concerned . steve Matt , what 's go on ? matt we be see suicide vest and a whole bunch of fuck explosive , right inside that house . steve fuck . colonel walsh stay calm , airman . do not wind up the pilot . matt yes , sir . int . briefing room a - whitehall - afternoon 148 benson and the politician with he watch the image from the beetle in shock . benson ( dry ) well , this change thing ... 149 a149 b149 yellow shoot script 12 September 2014 62 . Angela look pale . int . pjhq - london - afternoon 149 powell call to sergeant gleeson . colonel powell I want legal in here now ! sergeant gleeson yes , ma ’‘am . he type a message rapidly into a chat room . powell watch as the beetle image show the older somali man cross the room to adjust a camera on a tripod . it face a black Al - shabaab banner hang on a wall . mushtaq they be gonna make a suicide video . colonel powell sick bastard . sergeant gleeson who be that , ma ’am ? colonel powell look like osman abade . he supply the explosive in the lamu bombing . we try to capture he in mombasa last August and lose two man in the process . int . room - hickam AIR force base - night a149 Lucy scroll quickly through a file on osman abade . on her screen we see abade 's face as photograph by a surveillance camera in the lobby of a HOTEL . beside this footage we see image of the hotel after a bombing attack . Lucy match the hotel surveillance image with the image from the beetle and then type into the mission chatroom : '' confirm pid - osman abade . " int . pjhq - london - afternoon b1l49 powell stare at abade as he test the video camera . a secure phone ring on she desk . she answer it . 150 151 yellow shoot script 12 September 2014 63. int . hallway - cabinet office - afternoon 150 benson be on he cell phone , try to keep he voice down . lieutenant-general benson what 's the plan , Katherine ? int . pjhq - london - afternoon 151 powell , on the secure phone , hesitates , then speak firmly . colonel powell we need to put a hellfire through that roof - right now . we cut between the two : lieutenant-general benson I tell you , they come to witness a capture , not a kill . give I a capture option . colonel powell I no longer have a capture option . any action on the ground will lead to a armed confrontation we will not be able to contain . lieutenant-general benson they be watch . even with the vest , we will need they approval for a strike . colonel powell tell they we have danford in we sight . that alone should be enough to justify use the hellfire . the vest be a bonus . lieutenant-general benson danford be a british citizen . they want she alive . colonel powell they can not have she alive . six year I have track she , Frank . we need to expand we rule of engagement right now if we want to protect the civilian population . a hellfire through that roof be we most effective option . a beat . benson pace . 152 153 yellow shoot script 12 September 2014 64 . lieutenant-general benson we have to know that we be legally in the clear . powell hide she frustration . colonel powell of course . I be get into that now . int . hallway - cabinet office - afternoon 152 benson turn and walk back into cobra . int . pjhq - london - afternoon 153 for a moment powell feel alone with she perilous decision . harold Colonel ? powell be jump out of she private moment . she turn and see major harold webb , military lawyer , age about 40 . colonel powell Major , you have be follow ? harold yes , ma’‘am . colonel powell the plan be to put a hellfire through the roof of this house . I need legal clearance and I need it now . harold a missile from the reaper ? colonel powell yes . harold so this be no longer a capture situation ? colonel powell no . we have two suicide vest with explosive inside that house . can you clear I a higher cde ? harold look anxious and need a moment to think . yellow shoot script 12 September 2014 65 . colonel powell ( cont 'd ) this be a time sensitive target . do I have authority to strike ? harold the rule of engagement you be operate under only allow for a low cde . colonel powell yes , and my weapon only invoke a low cde . it 's the explosive inside the house that bring it to a potentially high cde . harold and since you know the explosive be there , it be incumbent upon you to take account of they . I can see a potential legal objection . colonel powell Jesus , we have two suicide bomber and three very High value individual inside that house ! harold and you want they off you list , I understand that . but the rule of engagement you be operate under envisaged a capture not a kill scenario ... I think it would be wise to refer up . colonel powell be you tell I that , or just debate with I ? harold to refer up ? yes . I be tell you that . for you own protection . just to be on the safe side . powell be angry . she pick up the secure telephone . 154 int . briefing room a - whitehall - afternoon 154 abade have finish check he video gear . he exit the room . the beetle camera follow he as he head down the corridor to the live room . benson answer a secure phone on he desk . 155 156 yellow shoot script 12 September 2014 66 . lieutenant-general benson benson . int . pjhq - london - afternoon 155 powell on she secure telephone . colonel powell Sir , legal have advise I to refer up to the Attorney General . I need a quick answer . she watch the image from the beetle as the young rasheed and muhammad rise to greet abade with great respect . int . briefing room a - whitehall - afternoon 156 lieutenant-general benson ( on phone ) okay , I will put that to he . ( he turn to George ) George , that explosive mean there be a imminent threat of serious harm to the civilian population . can we strike ? George draw a breath . GEORGE well give the new circumstance ... I would say yes . Brian ? woodale hesitates . as the senior politician , it 's he call . GEORGE ( cont 'd ) there be a political as well as a legal call to be make here . woodale ( a edge of irritation ) yes , I be aware of that George ... lieutenant-general benson ( to woodale ) we need a decision now , Minister . woodale legally we do not have a problem ? GEORGE no . we do not . yellow shoot script 12 September 2014 67 . Angela look far less sure . woodale politically ... a beat . woodale feel the weight of the decision to be make . lieutenant-general benson do we have permission to proceed ? woodale well ... it seem George be imply that , yes . George be about to object , but benson seize the moment to respond immediately . lieutenant-general benson thank you . angela hold on a minute , this be a change of mission from a capture to a ' shoot to kill 's - be not it ? GEORGE yes ... it be . angela be we all right with that ? a beat . angela ( cont 'd ) I be sure we be not . there be two british national - and a american - as target . int . pjhq - london - afternoon 157 powell watch the image from the beetle . colonel powell ( to mushtaq ) generate new damage ring for this compound with a assessment of the payload in that jacket . mushtaq yes , ma ’‘am ! colonel powell let 's have it now . yellow shoot script 12 September 2014 68 . 158 int . briefing room a - whitehall - afternoon 158 continue ... GEORGE Angela , we have a memorandum of understand between we two government that cover we in a situation where a citizen choose to align themselves with a terrorist organization . angela what of the kenyan government ? lieutenant-general benson this mission have the full support of both kenya and the United States ... angela for a drine strike ? lieutenant-general benson yes ! a missile fire from a rpa be part of a agree contingency plan in circumstance like this . woodale well , it do seem we have all basis cover . lieutenant-general benson do I have permission to proceed ? angela no ! such a '' plan '' should not have be sign off by the pm without the authority of parliament . lieutenant-general benson operational issue be not generally discuss at cabinet and certainly not in parliament . angela ( snap back ) I know the protocol . I be talk about what should be happen . a158 int . squadron operation room - night a158 a secure phone ring on Colonel walsh 's desk . he answer . 159 160 161 yellow shoot script 12 September 2014 int . pjhq - london - afternoon powell be on she phone . colonel powell Colonel , may I speak to you pilot directly ? walsh hesitates for just a moment . colonel walsh yes , ma’am ... int . ground control station - night colonel walsh ( 0.s. ) ( on speaker ) Steve , Colonel Powell want to talk to you directly . pick up . a light indicate for steve to answer . he tense . press the button . he 's on speaker . carrie hear steve ( answer ) ma’ be ? we cut between they : colonel powell Lieutenant , you be now we best option to take this hvi 's out . prepare to launch a single agm - 114 hellfire on the target house . steve yes , ma ’‘am . colonel powell this be a friendly city . collateral damage must be keep to a minimum . steve yes , ma ’‘am . int . briefing room a - whitehall - afternoon continue ... 69 . 159 160 then it all . 161 yellow shoot script 12 September 2014 70 . GEORGE Angela , in my view all the legal criterion for a attack have be meet , namely : this be a military necessity , there be no reasonable alternative , and the force to be use be in proportion to the threat . that should answer you question . angela it do not , George ! have there ever be a british lead drine attack on a city in a friendly country that be not at war ? woodale now look uneasy again . woodale General ? lieutenant-general benson ( reluctantly ) I do not believe so . no . angela then how can we sanction it ? 162 int . ground control station - night 162 steve , check he screen , be on a open line to powell . steve ( anxious ) ma’ be ? colonel powell yes ? steve I have a roe question . be my government aware that we be target a person with a US passport ? 163 int . pjhq - london - afternoon 163 colonel powell yes , it be Lieutenant . 164 yellow shoot script 12 September 2014 71 . steve I do not see anything in the spin about that . ( spin be special instruction for a particular mission . ) colonel powell Lieutenant , we have new rule of engagement . you be cover . steve yes , ma ’‘am . colonel powell expect strike detail shortly . this be go to happen fast so be ready to shoot . steve yes , ma ’‘am . int . ground control station - night 164 carrie and steve have tense up . he put down the phone . carrie have you ever shot a hellfire ? steve no. carrie or anything ? steve no. ( a beat ) I have only ever be the eye . ( a beat ) you ? carrie I too . they fall into silence as they both look at what be on the screen : they target . 165 al65 166 yellow shoot script 12 September 2014 72 . int . squadron operation room - night 165 a message come in on the mission chatroom : sky45 , north20 , prepare to launch missile . colonel walsh ( on headset ) look like it 's you lucky day today , guy . stay cool . int . ground control station - night al65 steve and carrie glance at one another briefly . int . briefing room a - whitehall - afternoon 166 the discussion continue : GEORGE Angela , I agree we be at risk of be perceive by the press as embark on a ' shoot to kill 's policy . but since all the legal criterion be sound - I believe we must allow this military action to continue . angela legally we may be safe , but politically , we be walk into a minefield . especially with a american citizen involved . lieutenant-general benson do I have permission , Minister ? they again all turn to woodale . he sweat : woodale well , give the situation - that it be a change of mission - that it be now a missile attack on a british subject - in fact two british subject , and a american , and ina friendly country - I think it be right and proper for I to refer up to the foreign Secretary . benson can not believe woodale be pass the buck . 167 yellow shoot script 12 September 2014 73. lieutenant-general benson ( annoyed ) with respect , Minister , you have hear the argument and he have not . GEORGE and the rule of engagement mean that the Prime Minister have already approve it - and therefore the foreign Secretary 's input should not be relevant ... woodale ( interrupt , annoyed ) no , the point be , I have not be a party to previous discussion with the pm on such matter and the foreign Secretary will have be ! so ... I do have a duty to refer the matter to he . lieutenant-general benson what be I tell Colonel Powell ? woodale tell she to wait . a beat . benson type a text into he laptop . int . pjhq - london - afternoon 167 powell , see the text pop up on she screen : benson's text : they be refer up ... colonel powell Christ almighty ... she turn to mushtaq , at work on he computer . colonel powell ( cont 'd ) do we have that cde ? mushtaq yes , ma ’‘am . mushtaq use he computer to put up a image of amadu 's house and compound on another of the large screen . concentric ' collateral damage 's circle be superimpose on the image . he use a laser pointer on he diagram of the layout of the house and compound : yellow shoot script 12 September 2014 74 . mushtaq ( cont ’d ) if the man stay in this room - and this here be the target area - we would expect a one hundred per cent mortality rate in the room , a eighty - five to ninety - five per cent mortality rate within this area and anything outside the building - this area here in the street - a sixty - five to seventy - five per cent rate . that be just the hellfire . if we factor in the explosive in the vest ... we be look at even more extensive damage - way out to this area here - but I can not accurately estimate that payload . colonel powell but we would be contain that payload in the vest within that wall , right ? Far less collateral damage than they go off ina crowded shopping mall . mushtaq yes ... of course . colonel powell thank you . obvious to anyone not try to avoid make a decision . mushtaq watch powell walk back to she station - not entirely comfortable with she fixation on use the missile . 168 int . ground control station - night 168 carrie and steve be charge with adrenalin as they begin the process of prepare to launch . steve read from a 5 x 7 inch well thumbed binder - he dash 34 ( - 34 ) checklist : steve running the ' dash thirty - four 's checklist . carrie , call when ready . carrie ready . steve slant range , 22,000 foot , high impact angle . standby for target brief . 169 170 171 yellow shoot script 12 September 2014 75 . int . pjhq - london - afternoon 169 powell look at the live feed : danford have stand up . colonel powell showman50 , north20 , when we attack , you will need to extract you man on the ground in a hurry . prepare he to leave the area . int . operation room - company D base - afternoon 170 major owiti understood . he begin to type a text on he laptop . ext . STREET - eastleigh - afternoon 171 khalid be sell a bucket to a passerby . jama see a text from owiti on he screen : ' May need to extract soon . be ready to leave . jama ( to the boy ) okay , I be go soon ! you should leave now . khalid just five more bucket , sir ! please sir ! jama give I three , keep the other two . khalid keep two ? jama and go . jama ( cont 'd ) haye , mardhow waan baxayaa , waa iska bixi kartaa hadda ! ( haa - yay mar-dough want -baa - hah - yah , wa iska beh- hay kar - tah ha -dah ! ) khalid ( cont 'd ) shan xabo baakat keliya qadayaa waaku baryaa ! mudane waku baryaa ! ( shun haa - bo baa - kat ke-lee - yah gah - dah - yah waa - koo barr - yah ! moo-dan - ay waa - koo barr - yah ! ) jama ( cont 'd ) seddex xabo isii haay lawada kale . ( sah - deh haa - bo ee-see hi lah - wah - dah kah - lay . ) khalid ( cont 'd ) labo keliya ? ( lah - bo key - lee - yah ? ) jama ( cont 'd ) soco. ( so - oh . ) 172 173 174 175 yellow shoot script khalid yes sir ! jama now . 12 September 2014 76 . khalid ( cont 'd ) haye mudane ! ( hah - yay moo-dan - ay ! ) jama ( cont 'd ) hadda . ( hah -dah . ) a little confuse , khalid take he two bucket and head off down the street . jama sit quietly , watch the Pov of he beetle , wait for the order from Major owiti to leave . int . ground control station - night 172 steve and carrie continue the process of prepare the hellfire , fire it up to test it . steve we be green up . missile State status be ready . Left select for single fire , code and ready . int . pjhq - london - afternoon 173 powell watch the live feed on she screen . colonel powell ( into she mike ) standby . int . ground control station - night 174 steve and carrie continue : steve you be clear to test the laser . carrie type a code to match she laser to the correct hellfire missile . int . briefing room a - whitehall - afternoon 175 jack be dial a number from a console on the table in front of he . woodale Jack , what 's the hold up ?! yellow shoot script 12 September 2014 77 . jack I be sorry , sir , I be try to reach he ... lieutenant-general benson Minister , the consequence of delay may be fatal to score of civilian . this man could leave that house at any moment . woodale I understand that , General ! but it be proper procedure that I seek he approval . lieutenant-general benson if this man leave now , in separate vehicle - there be two vehicle outside - we have the ability to follow only one . we have only one eye in the sky . angela surely you have agent on the ground who could intercept ... lieutenant-general benson intercept a suicide bomber on a city street ?! we be try to minimise collateral damage ... 176 int . ground control station - night 176 steve and carrie , both extremely tense and focus . steve checklist be complete . Safety checklist comply with . desire Point of Impact be capture . steve watch the live feed from the reaper . 177 int . squadron operation room - night 177 matt and colonel walsh . colonel walsh roe be pend . we be stand by for clearance . 178 179 180 181 yellow shoot script 12 September 2014 matt come on , we need to go . they will not be in that house forever . colonel walsh hey , keep it together , alright ? Matt 's really on edge . colonel walsh ( cont ’d ) alright ?! matt yes , sir ... int . ground control station - night steve 's phone ring . he pick it up . int . pjhq - london - afternoon powell on the phone . colonel powell Lieutenant , we be clarify we strike approval . sit tight and be ready to shoot . int . ground control station - night steve and carrie , tense . steve ( on phone ) yes ma ’am . he put down the phone . look at carrie . steve ( cont 'd ) it 's go up the kill chain . int . bedroom suite - HOTEL - singapore - night kate see jame 's cellphone vibrate on a sideboard . kate hello ? ... he 's not available at the moment ... yes , I understand but he 's ... I can not interrupt he right at this minute ... he 's on the toilet ... okay , I will see what I can do . she knock on the toilet door . 78. 178 179 180 181 182 183 184 185 yellow shoot script 12 September 2014 79 . kate ( cont ’d ) it 's Brian on you phone . jame Brian who ? kate woodale . jame what do he want ? I can not speak to he now . kate he 's at cobra and it 's urgent . a moment - then jame grab the phone from behind the door . int . pjhq - london - afternoon 182 on a screen we see muhammad , rasheed , danford and al-hady get up . powell watch , tense : int . amadu 's house - afternoon 183 abade lead muhammad and rasheed , chaperon by danford and al - hady , down the corridor and into the bedroom . the young man be nervous . danford and she husband be use to this . take one each gently by the arm , they talk quietly to keep the young man calm , steady and focus . int . pjhq - london - afternoon 184 powell watch the live feed from the beetle in the bedroom : abade lift a unarm suicide vest over muhammad 's head . he and al-hady begin to carefully fill a dozen pocket in the vest with cylinder of explosive . danford watch , like a caring mother . powell text benson : they be arming up . I need a answer . now ! int . briefing room a - whitehall - afternoon 185 benson , watch the feed from the beetle , see the text . lieutenant-general benson we need a decision Minister . right now . woodale be about to speak but Jack burst back into the room . 186 yellow shoot script 12 September 2014 80 . jack I have the foreign Secretary ... he hurry to he seat and patch the call through onto the central speaker phone on the table . int . bedroom suite - HOTEL - singapore - night 186 jame be on the toilet , clutching the phone , unaware of what everyone else be see on the screen . jame gentlemen , I cannot authorize a missile attack on a american citizen without the approval of the US Secretary of State . cut between the two : jack Sir , the Secretary of State be in China . jame then track he down . lieutenant-general benson foreign Secretary , General benson here . with respect , this have already be clear at american presidential level . we have a situation that could result in massive loss of life in the next ten minute . jame then use that ten minute - and get the Secretary 's approval . that be my decision , General . jame throw he phone back at kate . benson look at jack . jack I ' 1l get onto the embassy in Beijing . jack hurry from the room . back in Singapore : 187 188 189 yellow shoot script 12 September 2014 81 . jame ( to kate ) get I link in on my laptop . kate nod . jame slam the toilet door close as he stomach cramp again . int . hall - school - beijing - night 187 row of table tennis table fill a large hall . dozen of chinese adolescent in red training shirt be crowded around a central table where ken stanitzke , the US Secretary of State , be play a friendly match with a chinese junior olympian player . despite the fact that he look totally out of place the student applaud he effort to return the ball . as stanitzke lunge to return a shot , a aide - esther alvarez - hurry toward he with a phone . esther Mr. Secretary ... stanitzke swipe at the ball . a good return ! student cheer . he 's pleased with himself . esther ( cont 'd ) Mr. Secretary , I have Jordan ricardo on the line . she whisper in he ear . stanitzke who ? esther Jordan ricardo ... from we embassy here in Beijing . it 's urgent . esther hand he the phone . int . ground control station - night 188 steve and carrie watch the live feed from the reaper . steve , he finger on the trigger , be more and more anxious . int . hall - school - beijing - night 189 ken stanitzke talk on the phone , try to conceal he anger from he host . 190 191 yellow shoot script 12 September 2014 82 . stanitzke why the hell be you waste my time refer this to I ? ... no , he citizenship do not protect he . by join Al - shabaab he have declare himself a enemy of the United States ... what ?... well , the suicide vest be a bonus ! listen to I ! tell the british that if they really do have two , four and five on the East Africa list in they sight they have we full support to strike ... yes , all three be on the President 's kill list . tell they to take they out now ! he snap off the phone and turn back to he chinese host with a smile . int . briefing room a - whitehall - afternoon 190 jack come back into the room . he glance at the screen and see muhammad , in he suicide vest , step aside to watch as abade take the second vest and begin prepare rasheed . jack the Secretary of State have give he permission . woodale thank you . ( a beat , to benson ) you may proceed . lieutenant-general benson thank you , Minister . angela have run out of argument for object : on screen , she can see that abade have almost do wiring muhammad be vest . benson type a secure text to powell : '' you have clearance . '' int . pjhq - london - afternoon 191 powell see benson 's text pop up on she screen : colonel powell ( to herself ) thank you ... she reach for she secure phone to steve as she watch rasheed stand to begin have he suicide vest fitte . 192 193 194 yellow shoot script 12 September 2014 83. colonel powell ( cont 'd ) Lieutenant , you have clearance to prosecute the target . int . ground control station - night 192 steve draw a breath . he 's tense but ready . steve yes ma’am . he click off the speaker phone and turn to carrie . steve ( cont 'd ) prepare to launch a hellfire . carrie be tense too , but through month of training she have run simulation like this many time and know what to do . int . bedroom suite - HOTEL - singapore - night 193 jame exit the bathroom , pale and drain . tom have fire up a secure laptop via a mini satellite dish . he and kate be watch the live feed from the reaper and the beetle . jame what 's happen ? kate ( tense ) the Secretary give he permission . jame stiffen . tom ( get up for James ) they have a reaper at twenty thousand foot and a micro rpa inside the house . jame watch the reaper image and the beetle feed as muhammad step aside in he fully armed vest , and al-hady encourage rasheed to step up and be fitte with he . rasheed be nervous . danford watch in silence . int . alia 's house - afternoon 194 alia be curl up on the couch read a child 's picture book about London . she lovingly look at the photograph . 195 196 197 198 yellow shoot script 12 September 2014 84 . fatima fatima ( cont 'd ) ( call from outside ) aa-liya rootiga waa diyaar ! Alia ! the bread be ready ! ( aa-liya rooti - gah waa dee - yaar ! ) alia be not happy about it , but cover it . alia alia ( cont 'd ) yes , mama ! haye , hooyo ! ( hah - yay , hoo - yo ! ) she slip she book under a couch cushion . int . bakery - alia 's compound - afternoon 195 fatima hand alia a new basket of bread . fatima fatima ( cont 'd ) not so many . off you go . ma'ahan wax badan . soco quad . ( ma-ah-hahn wah badan . so akat . ) she kiss alia on the forehead . int . ground control station - night 196 steve and carrie go through the final preparation in the ' countdown to weapon 's . on they reaper feed we see the Guards outside the compound . and in the neighbor house , alia head out of she gate . ext . passageway - eastleigh - afternoon 197 alia , with she basket of bread exit she compound and walk off down the passageway toward the street . int . pjhq - london - afternoon 198 powell watch the beetle and the reaper live feed : rasheed seem afraid . he move past danford and enter a small bathroom . danford follow and hover at the door . Powell watch as rasheed pace nervously in the bathroom . danford seem to be talk to he through the door . powell trouble in paradise ... 199 200 201 202 yellow shoot script 12 September 2014 85 . sergeant gleeson he 's have second thought . colonel powell bit late for that . int . operation room - company D base - afternoon 199 major owiti watch the beetle and the reaper live feed . int . jama' van - parkland - afternoon 200 damisi watch the live feed from the beetle . ext . STREET - eastleigh - afternoon 201 alia walk past the target house with she basket . int . ground control station - night 202 steve and carrie continue they preparation . steve weapon be armed , all green , good laser . dpi be in the centre of the roof . carrie copy . Cross hair on it now . the image pull back to check that no one be within collateral damage range . steve have he finger on the trigger . steve standby . confirm pax status . carrie good luck ... steve Three - two - alia appear on the edge of the screen . a beat . steve ( cont 'd ) be that a kid ? 203 204 205 206 yellow shoot script 12 September 2014 86 . steve hold from press the trigger . steve ( cont 'd ) Zoom in . carrie zoom in on the image . carrie it 's that little girl with the hoop . steve be intensely anxious as he watch alia . steve I ' 1l give she time to walk through . int . pjhq - london - afternoon 203 powell stare hard at the reaper image . colonel powell you be clear to engage , Lieutenant . int . room —- hickam AIR force base - night 204 lucy watch alia on the live feed . int . ground control station - night 205 steve still hesitates , he finger on the button . colonel powell ( 0.s. ) I repeat : you be clear to engage . steve be desperately tense . carrie , frighten , look at he . carrie we can wait , can not we ? int . pjhq - london - afternoon 206 for a few second powell stare at alia on the screen , lose in the think of she and she fate . 207 208 a208 209 yellow shoot script 12 September 2014 87 . int . ground control station - night 207 steve and carrie watch as alia stop at she corner spot table beside amadu 's compound . steve ( to Alia , a whisper ) what the hell be you do ? ext . STREET - eastleigh - afternoon 208 alia put she basket on the ground . she unfold she tablecloth and place it on the table , sweeping she hand neatly across it . she put she bread basket on the table . int . briefing room a - whitehall - afternoon a208 benson and the other watch alia set out she bread in shocked silence . angela raise a hand to she mouth in disbelief , then look to benson for a reaction or response , but he remain stare at the image of Alia on screen , at a loss for a moment . int . pjhq - london - afternoon 209 powell recover from the place she have be in she head . colonel powell we have this one opportunity , let 's not lose it . steve ma’am , she 's sell bread . carrie oh , Jesus ... colonel powell this man be about to disperse . engage now . a beat . steve be desperate to delay - but he also do not want to let down the team and the mission . steve ( bravely ) ma ’am , I understand we have clearance . ( more ) yellow shoot script 12 September 2014 88 . steve ( cont 'd ) I will fire if I see the hvis move or when this girl be out of the frag radius - but I want to give she a chance to get out of the way . colonel powell Lieutenant , you have clearance . there be a lot more at stake than you see here in this image . steve ( firm but nervous ) ma ’‘am , I need you to run the collateral damage estimate again , with the girl out front . colonel powell the situation have not change Lieutenant . you be clear to engage . carrie , keen not to disobey order , anxiously look at steve . carrie what do we do ? colonel powell I repeat , you be clear to engage ! steve be terrify by the presence of alia . steve Colonel Powell , ma ’am , I be the pilot in command responsible for release the weapon . I have the right to ask for the cde to be run again . I will not release my weapon until that happen . a long , tense beat . powell be seethe . but this be the rule regard a pilot 's rights and she have no option but to respect the request : colonel powell re-run cde . steve do I understand we be now on ' weapon hold ’? 210 211 212 yellow shoot script 12 September 2014 89 . colonel powell weapon hold . despite she irritation , powell show a moment of relief . steve ease he finger off the trigger . int . squadron operation room - night 210 matt fuck ! colonel walsh ( in he state of anxiety ) Steve , what the fuck be you do ? you just throw the rulebook at a Colonel ? int . ground control station - night 211 steve be try to keep it together . to keep it professional . steve Sir , I be safe up the weapon until you read I a new clearance with a new cde . steve and carrie watch alia lay out she bread . carrie ( almost a whisper ) well do . he nod he thanks . both know he 's in big trouble now . int . pjhq - london - afternoon 212 powell watch the same reaper image : alia look small and vulnerable as she lay out the bread . on she other screen , rasheed be still in the bathroom . colonel powell sergeant , re-run cde ! mushtaq yes , ma ’‘am ! colonel powell showman50 , north20 , get you man with the beetle to buy this girl 's bread and get she out of there . 213 a213 214 215 216 yellow shoot script 12 September 2014 90 . int . operation room - company D base - afternoon 213 major owiti on he headset : major owiti north20 , showman50 , copy that . int . pjhq - london - afternoon a213 a text from benson appear on sergeant gleeson 's screen . benson : '' what 's go on ? " sergeant gleeson Colonel , General benson be ask for a update . powell look at she own screen . see the text : colonel powell tell he we be on weapon hold . sergeant gleeson yes , ma ’‘am . ext . STREET - eastleigh - afternoon 214 a text appear on jama 's mobile screen : text : can you buy she bread ? jama reply : very risky for I . text : buy it . she will leave . then get out . jama reply : what about beetle ? text : leave it there . jama , tense ... then he text : go now . int . bedroom - amadu 's house - afternoon 215 the beetle settles on a high roof beam , with a wide angle view of the bathroom , corridor and main bedroom . int . pjhq - london - afternoon 216 powell watch the image from the beetle and the reaper . major owiti ( 0.s. ) he 's go in . 217 yellow shoot script 12 September 2014 91 . colonel powell thank you , Major . powell watch the reaper screen as jama approach alia . ext . STREET - eastleigh - afternoon 217 jama walk along the street with he few remain bucket towards alia . he be anxious but try not to show it . the armed guard be suspicious of everyone and everything and so the way they be eyeing up jama be not unusual . jama approach alia . jama jama ( cont ’d ) how much ? meeko waaye ? ( meek - oh why - yay ? ) alia alia ( cont 'd ) fifty . konton . ( konton . ) jama jama ( cont ’d ) give I all of they . isii ayaga dhamaantooda . ( iss - see ay- yay - gah dum - maan - too-dah . ) alia all of they ? jama yes . all . alia ( cont 'd ) kuliggoodaa ? ( koo-lee-goo-dah ? ) jama ( cont 'd ) haa . dhamaan keen . ( hah . dum-maan ken . ) as jama get out the money , another armed guard - abdi - come out of the compound . jama give the money to alia and scoops up the bread . abdi hey ? jama flinch , but do not look up . abdi ( cont 'd ) abdi ( cont 'd ) hey ! I know you . waryaa waan ku garanayaa ! jama back up slightly . * yellow shoot script jama yes , I use to live here . abdi ( cont 'd ) what be you do here now ? jama I be a trader now . selling bucket . 12 September 2014 92 . jama ( cont 'd ) haa , waan ku noolaan jiray inta . abdi ( cont 'd ) halkaan maxaad ka sameyneysaa ? jama ( cont 'd ) waxaan ahay hadda ganacsade iib geeya baakadaha . alia , slightly nervous , start to put away she tablecloth . abdi ( cont 'd ) where have you be ? jama I have come back my friend ! abdi ( cont 'd ) I ask where you have be ! jama I go back to Somalia . my mother be ill ... abdi ( cont 'd ) xaggeed ku maqneed ? jama ( cont 'd ) waxaan usoo laabtay saaxibadeyda. abdi ( cont 'd ) waxaan ku weediyay xagee baad ku maqneed ! jama ( cont 'd ) waxaan dib ugu laabtay somaliya hooyadeyda ayaa xanuun -saneed ... 218 219 yellow shoot script abdi ( cont 'd ) no , no , I remember , you try to dance with my sister ... you take she into the city . I remember ... you have no honor ! jama I do not dance anymore ... abdi ( cont 'd ) we chase you out ! ( to he friend ) hey , this guy like the kenyans ! 12 September 2014 93. abdi ( cont 'd ) Maya , maya , waan xusuusta , waxaad isku deyi jirtay inaad la ciyaarto walaasheyda waxaad u kaxeen jirtay magaalada waan xasuustaa mar lihid wax wanaag ah oo aad isku dayday ! jama ( cont 'd ) hadda ma ciyaari Wax badan abdi ( cont 'd ) waan ku daba socday ! ( to he friend ) waryaada gofkaan wuu ka helaa kenyaanka ! Alia listen , confuse and a little tense . abdi ( cont 'd ) ( to the other ) search he . jama start to back up . abdi ( cont 'd ) do it now ! abdi 's weapon be raise . abdi ( cont 'd ) ( gah - mah - hah kor oo tag . ) qabta ninka . ( cub tah ninka . ) abdi ( cont 'd ) hadda sameeey ! two militia guard approach to search he . jama throws the bread and bucket at they and run . he dash for a alley between house . abdi and the two other guard give chase . alia pull back , frighten for a moment . int . ground control station - night 218 carrie and steve watch jama as he run away . steve fuck ! instinctively carrie pan the reaper 's camera with jama . ext . eastleigh - afternoon 219 jama run . abdi , in pursuit , fire a round after he . a bullet barely miss jama as he clear a wall . * 220 221 a221 yellow shoot script 12 September 2014 94 , he land in a yard where a barking dog lunge at he - but it come up short on a chain that tether he . int . pjhq - london - afternoon 220 powell watch with despair as jama run for he life . ext . eastleigh back STREET - afternoon 221 jama scramble over a fence and dash through a compound . a owner yell at jama as he scramble over a car and disappear round a corner . ownner owner hey ! what the hell be you hey ! maxaa ka cadaabta u do ?! samaynaysaan ?! abdi drop into the yard and point he gun at the owner . abdi abdi ( cont 'd ) where do he go ?!!! xagee buu qaaday ?!!! frightened , the owner wave vaguely in the direction jama take . ext . eastleigh STREET near mosque - afternoon a221 head down , jama walk quickly across a street near a mosque , try to look like he belong in the area . he duck into a alley behind the mosque . he run down the alley , round a corner , vault another wall , and - land badly on a pile of building rubble : his leg buckle as he ankle twist horribly . in real pain he see nowhere to hide . he push through clothes line , hobble to another fence and drag himself over into - a abandoned lot — across the lot , he see a place he can hide beneath a pile of rusted metal sheeting - and he crawl under it . he lie still , breathe heavily , eye wide . 222 223 224 225 226 yellow shoot script 12 September 2014 95 . not far away , out in the alley , he can still hear abdi shouting and ask people where he go . int . pjhq - london - afternoon 222 powell , watch the reaper feed , see abdi and two other militia men argue on a street not far from where jama have hide . but for now jama be safe . colonel powell get I back to the house . int . ground control station - night 223 carrie seem momentarily freeze at she control , frighten , as she and steve watch the armed militia shout and point in different direction close to where jama be hide . int . squadron operation room - night 224 matt carrie , forget he . get back to the target . int . ground control station - night 225 steve carrie ... carrie snap out of she reverie . she leave the injure jama and bring the image back to the outside of amadu 's house : alia be pick up the loaf jama drop in the street . she dust they off and take they back to she stall . carrie Jesus , she 's go to sell they again ... carrie look at steve . he 's pale . ext . STREET - eastleigh - afternoon 226 alia clean the dust off the bread with the tablecloth and start lay the loaf back out on the table . yellow shoot script 12 September 2014 96 . 227 int . briefing room a - whitehall - afternoon 227 benson and the other grimly watch the reaper feed of alia . on the beetle screen , rasheed exit the bathroom . abade usher he back into the bedroom . 228 int . pjhq - london - afternoon 228 powell watch the beetle feed as rasheed return to the bedroom and sit back on the bed . on the reaper feed , Alia be again try to sell she bread . mushtaq ( small voice ) who else can we get to buy the bread ? colonel powell forget the bread , sergeant . we will be lucky if we man have not blow the whole operation . ( to harold ) harold , where be we legally ? harold with the girl ? colonel powell yes ! be we clear ? harold again , I would refer up ... colonel powell no , I be ask you ! we can not hold up this operation any longer . harold we need to take all reasonable step to minimize collateral damage . if we be buy she bread ... colonel powell we be not ! it 's over . dozen of civilian life be at risk . Children 's life be at risk . ( more ) 229 yellow shoot script 12 September 2014 97 . colonel powell ( cont 'd ) this girl be just one . be we clear to engage ? yes or no ! make a decision ! harold with respect , ma ’am , I do not make this decision . I advise you on the law . and the law be not here to get in you way . it be here to protect you and you target ... colonel powell do not lecture I , harold ! harold ma’am , the legal question of necessity and proportionality be almost certainly meet . but for the protection of you , and of that child , I would refer up to the Attorney General . that 's my advice . colonel powell bloody hell ... on she reaper screen : Alia sell she bread . unknown to she , abdi appear in the yard and begin a animated discussion with a guard . after a while , the guard enter the house . on the beetle feed she see rasheed arm clasped across he chest , while abade move muhammad into a kneel position in front of the video camera . int . briefing room a - whitehall - afternoon 229 benson and the other be also watch the reaper feed of alia and the beetle feed of Muhammad make he recording . woodale Jesus , they be make a video ... benson 's secure phone ring . he answer . listen briefly . lower the phone . lieutenant-general benson ( to George ) Mission Command have a question on the legality of continue the operation whilst this girl remain at the scene ... connect we , Jack . jack activate a screen and powell appear on it . 230 231 232 yellow shoot script 12 September 2014 98. lieutenant-general benson ( cont 'd ) go ahead , Colonel . colonel powell Sir , we lawyer say the girl 's presence have not necessarily alter the legitimacy of we operation , but he need that confirm . powell be still keep a eye on all she screen . GEORGE do we have a assessment of what might happen to she ? colonel powell the targeteer assess a 65 to 75 percent chance of fatal injury should we proceed . but he have also assess a project loss of life of between thirty and eighty man , woman and child if the vest be detonate in a urban area . it 's a guess of course . but we should assume they intend to target a crowded location . no one know quite what to say . on the beetle screen , abade 's recording of Muhammad 's suicide video continue . int . ground control station - night steve and carrie wait anxiously . carrie what 's happen ? matt ( 0.s. ) we be go up the kill chain again . ext . STREET - eastleigh - afternoon alia wait for customer behind she table . int . ground control station - night steve and carrie watch Alia . 230 231 232 * * 233 234 235 236 yellow shoot script 12 September 2014 99 , int . pjhq - london - afternoon 233 powell watch the beetle feed : muhammad still make he video but be suddenly interrupt by danford say something to abade and gesture for he to come outside . abade , not happy , seem to tell al - hady to continue the recording . on the reaper screen , Alia be still try to sell she bread , while in the yard of the compound behind she , abade appear and begin a animated debate with abdi . int . ground control station - night 234 steve and carrie watch as a woman walk up to alia . carrie come on , just buy the bread . they watch as the woman put one loaf into she bag . there be now seven loaf on Alia 's table . int . pjhq - london - afternoon 235 powell watch the reaper feed as alia and the woman talk . the woman walk away from alia . on the beetle feed , Muhammad finish he suicide recording and stand look lose , wait for abade to return . int . briefing room a - whitehall - afternoon 236 alia be on one screen . on the beetle feed rasheed and muhammad wait for abade ... GEORGE a sixty - five to seventy - five per cent fatality assessment - it could be argue - require we to do whatever we can to enable she to be remove from the scene . lieutenant-general benson we have do what we can for she in the time available to we . GEORGE there be no law cover a situation quite like this . ( more ) + eh % yellow shoot script 12 September 2014 100 . GEORGE ( cont 'd ) it be one thing to release a missile do everything in one 's power to minimise collateral damage : in other word to release a missile whilst the street be clear , but in the hope that it will remain so ... it be quite another thing to release a missile know that this girl will , at worst , be fatally injure and , at best , severely injure . so , I disagree with the assessment of you lawyer at northwood . angela agreed ... GEORGE I would be uneasy if we do not at least consider the option of delay and give she every chance to walk away . 237 int . ground control station - night 237 steve stare at alia . she be haunt he . 238 int . briefing room a - whitehall - afternoon 238 alia 's presence be haunt this room too , disturbing everyone , whatever they point of view . woodale continue to sweat through he indecision . colonel powell be on a screen . colonel powell Sir , if we wait and they leave , we will no longer have control of the situation . nairobi be a busy , crowded city . we must strike now . the room be silent for a moment . benson fill the silence . lieutenant-general benson it be generally understand that it be sometimes necessary to sacrifice the one in order to save the many . angela if the one be not oneself . yellow shoot script 12 September 2014 101 . colonel powell Secretary , this be a ethical argument we can not get into at this moment . angela Colonel , perhaps you should address that comment to the little girl sell she bread ! the ethical argument be precisely what we must '' get into . '' benson ma ’am , I hope the fact that she be a sweet '' little girl '' be not clouding you judgement . dozen of other '' little girl '' life be at stake if this man leave . before Angela can respond , jack 's laptop bleep . jack ( to the room ) I be sorry , a Ms. jillian Goldman from the White House be ask to be patch through . benson who ?! jack jillian Goldman ... GEORGE she 's the senior legal adviser on the US National Security Council . jack she 's be brief by the Secretary of State . woodale ( without enthusiasm ) put she on . goldman 's face come up on the VIC screen . her image be on the screen next to the image of alia and she bread stall . goldman good afternoon and thank you for allow I to comment . woodale thank you for join we . yellow shoot script 12 September 2014 102 . goldman we point of view here at the White House be that we should attack this target immediately . as the military member of you committee know , we have a point system that take into account collateral damage to deduce what be , and what be not , a legal strike . and let I tell you , categorically , that the existence of this new circumstance do not push we beyond a legitimate military action . we be way off what we would consider a dispute in this matter . GEORGE Ms. Goldman , we have a somewhat different approach to the question of collateral damage ... goldman ( interrupt ) Sir , you must act now . you have two man about to embark on a suicide mission ; you have number two , four and five on the President 's East Africa kill list in you sight - and you be put the whole operation at risk because of one collateral damage issue ?! I realize this mission be you call , but there will be some mighty angry people here in the White House , and at the Pentagon , and out there in the world , if you allow this people to leave and blow a shopping mall to kingdom come . jack I be sorry , we have the foreign Secretary want to join . woodale right ... we appreciate you thought , Ms. Goldman . thank you . goldman thank you . goldman be cut from the screen . 239 240 241 242 243 yellow shoot script 12 September 2014 103 . ext . STREET - eastleigh - afternoon 239 alia stand beside she bread stall wait . int . ground control station - night 240 steve and carrie anxiously watch alia on the live feed . in the amadu 's yard they see the two guard who chase jama with abdi return . the guard shrug and appear to be tell abdi and abade that they cannot find jama . int . room —- hickam AIR force base - night 241 lucy also watch alia on the live feed . int . bedroom suite - singapore - night 242 jame , drain of all colour and in he pyjamas and dress gown , sit watch he laptop . tom and kate be behind he . int . briefing room a - whitehall - afternoon 243 jame come up on the screen vacate by Goldman . jame good afternoon , everybody . Excuse my appearance , it 's night here and I have a bout of food poisoning ... woodale ( brush it aside ) we be very sorry to drag you off you sick bed ... jame that 's quite all right . woodale «+. but thank you for join we . jame George , do I understand this correctly : that there be a legal argument for wait and give this girl a opportunity to sell she bread ? * yellow shoot script 12 September 2014 104 . GEORGE yes there be , but , conversely , it do not mean that there be not also a legal argument for release the weapon now . jame forgive I , I be not sure that help I . GEORGE ( awkward ) James , give the develop situation ... there be a very persuasive argument that the decision to act now could be construe as legitimate . jame be that '' yes '' ? GEORGE hesitates . tense , benson step in : lieutenant-general benson foreign Secretary , there be a military necessity for act now . in we view they will be make a move from the house at any moment . jame gentlemen , what action be be legally recommend to I ?! GEORGE sweat . woodale step in : woodale James , the legal argument be that we could wait but that we need not wait . the military argument be that we should not wait . GEORGE exactly . 244 int . bedroom suite - singapore - night 244 jame sweat on a decision , watch the live feed of alia in front of he on he computer . 245 246 247 yellow shoot script 12 September 2014 105 . int . briefing room a - whitehall - afternoon 245 everyone watch the screen image of jame as he stare down at he own computer . beside the image of jame be the reaper image of alia and she loaf of bread . in the compound yard , abade turn back into the house . int . bedroom suite - singapore - night 246 jame stare at the reaper image of alia , freeze by he inability to act as she executioner . int . briefing room a - whitehall - afternoon 247 benson and the other watch jame . woodale look at alia . his face be drain of color . he draw a breath . he have finally make a most difficult decision . on the beetle screen , abade , frustrated , re-enter the bedroom . he move rasheed into a kneel position on the floor and pull the suicide vest over he head . woodale ( to James , with real empathy ) James ... my recommendation be that we do not delay in proceeding with this mission . jame still hesitates . colonel powell Sir , if we do not act now we risk lose the life of up to eighty people . many will be child . angela with respect , you can only assume that death - but what be certain be that , if we do act now , this one girl will suffer . jame and would you save she and risk kill eighty other ? angela yes . I would save she and take that risk . that be what I would do . * yellow shoot script 12 September 2014 106 . jame Angela , be it you or I who will be invite on to the today programme to explain why we know of the attack on a mall that kill eighty people but choose to do nothing to stop it ? angela ( quietly , respectfully ) you , James ... but frankly ... politically ... I have rather point to Al - shabaab as murderer of eighty people shopping than have to defend a drine attack by we force that kill a innocent child . a beat . everyone be wrestle with the dilemma . GEORGE shift awkwardly , perhaps persuade by Angela 's new argument . GEORGE James , Angela make a compelling point . if Al - shabaab kill eighty people , we win the propaganda war . if we kill one girl , they do . jame so we do not do it ? a beat . unlike woodale and Angela , GEORGE , ever the lawyer , just will not commit to a decision . jack she 's get another customer . they all look at the screen and see that a woman be buy two of the loaf . there be now five leave . lieutenant-general benson I suggest you keep you eye on the other screen . the beetle see that rasheed 's vest be slowly and carefully be wire with explosive by abade . lieutenant-general benson ( cont ’d ) with respect , foreign Secretary , be the life of eighty people , include innocent child , really worth the price of win the propaganda war ? 248 249 250 yellow shoot script 12 September 2014 107 . jame , catch in a terrible dilemma , stare at the screen , watch as abade and al-hady wire rasheed . the painstake process will take time , but it be chill to watch . ext . STREET - eastleigh - afternoon 248 alia sit by she bread stall , wait . a mangy dog come up to the stall and sniff the bread . alia talk to the dog - and the dog eventually wander off . int . bedroom suite - singapore - night 249 jame be haunt by alia - and do not know what to do . jame General , if we go ahead ... might footage of we attack be leak ? int . briefing room a - whitehall - afternoon 250 they stare at James on the screen . lieutenant-general benson Sir , the footage from the reaper be completely secure . jame but we have see it happen before . there be many people involved in this operation . it will surely be record on many computer . lieutenant-general benson foreign Secretary , I assure you ... jame ( interrupt ) General , I would feel uncomfortable if we do not at least wait a little longer . benson bite he tongue . jame ( cont 'd ) if we go ahead ... and footage be leak ... and this girl be ... kill as a result ... then ... I think the country would be most disturb . * 251 252 yellow shoot script 12 September 2014 108 . lieutenant-general benson foreign Secretary , it be we task to make the right military decision . we can not engage in a argument about possible future posting on you tube . jame with respect , General , revolution be fuelle by posting on you tube . int . bedroom suite - singapore - night 251 jame stare at alia , torment by she image . int . briefing room a - whitehall - afternoon 252 the room watch and wait , become increasingly impatient with James 's indecision . he can not make himself ' condemn 's the girl - and so he look up to the camera and say : jame I think the consequence be such that we need clearance from the pm . just about everybody in the room wilt at another decision - maker pass the buck . woodale foreign Secretary , you have the authority to make a decision without return to the pm . benson look hard at woodale : ' and so do you . 's jame no , I be tell you that you need to take it to he . jack Sir , the pm be make a speech in Strasbourg this afternoon and may not be easily interrupt . jame I will leave you to sort that one out , Jack . jack yes , sir ... I x11 track he down . 253 254 255 256 yellow shoot script 12 September 2014 109 . jame cut he camera and disappear from the screen . Jack leave the room in a hurry . int . bedroom suite - singapore - night 253 jame , be now off camera at cobra , but he can still see and hear everyone in the conference room on he laptop screen . he be horrify at the situation , and at he own lack of ability to decide , as he stare at alia in another window on he laptop . int . pjhq - london - afternoon 254 colonel powell for God 's sake . her phone ring . steve ( 0.s. ) ma ’am , what be happen ? colonel powell you be on stand by , Lieutenant . int . ground control station - night ( 08.15 ) 255 steve and carrie watch alia . steve ( to carrie ) it 's still in the chain . int . squadron operation room - night 256 matt and colonel walsh . matt what the fuck be this guy do in the chain anyway ? colonel walsh hey , keep it together , alright ? matt be really on edge . colonel walsh ( cont ’d ) alright ?! matt ( reluctantly ) yes , sir ... 257 258 259 260 261 yellow shoot script 12 September 2014 ext . STREET - eastleigh - afternoon the woman busy three loaf from alia and walk away . int . ground control station - night steve look at alia and she table . steve two loaf leave . carrie we have gotta wait now . steve yeah . int . pjhq - london - afternoon powell watch the feed from the beetle - abade be progress well with the wiring of rasheed 's vest - and then : the screen flicker - and die . colonel powell what 's happen to the feed ?! sergeant gleeson check , ma ’am . int . operation room - company D base - afternoon major owiti have the same dead screen . major owiti north20 , showman50 ... the battery have die . colonel powell what ? major owiti I be sorry , ma ’am . it 's a very small battery ... int . pjhq - london - afternoon colonel powell Christ ... she have lose control of the situation . 110 . 257 258 259 260 261 262 263 yellow shoot script 12 September 2014 111 . she stare hopelessly at the dead screen . and then at the reaper image of the exterior of the house : nothing be happen outside . her phone ring . int . briefing room a - whitehall - afternoon 262 irritation be replace tension in the room . lieutenant-general benson what happen ?! colonel powell battery ... lieutenant-general benson for God 's sake , now we have no idea when they might leave the house . powell talk discreetly , away from the room . colonel powell I might have a solution . if my targeteer can calculate we come in under fifty per cent for the collateral damage on the girl then do you think we will get approval at you end ? a beat . benson can only speak with other listen . lieutenant -general benson yes . I do . thank you . int . pjhq - london - afternoon 263 powell put down the phone . she look at alia on the screen . she feel a sicken personal relationship with she now - because she be in a position to manipulate she fate . a beat , then she walk over to mushtaq who be at he station . she bend down to have a quiet word with he . colonel powell we be look to present the collateral damage in the street , in this area here , as forty - five to fifty per cent fatality . mushtaq tense up . yellow shoot script 12 September 2014 112 . colonel powell ( cont 'd ) be that possible ? mushtaq I have calculate a sixty - five to seventy - five ... colonel powell if we can put the payload here or here , if we can still guarantee target fatality but reduce the collateral ... a tense pause . colonel powell ( cont 'd ) perhaps we can target the missile here ... or here ... mushtaq yes , ma ’‘am . colonel powell do whatever you can to save this girl 's life . mushtaq --. yes , ma’am . 264 int . ground control station - night 264 steve and carrie anxiously watch the image from the reaper . 265 int . briefing room a - whitehall - afternoon 265 the meeting continue . lieutenant-general benson if we have to announce to the people of nairobi that we know everything but we do nothing ... GEORGE we do not have to announce that we know anything , General . let 's wait to hear from the pm . benson be shocked at George cut he short . jack come in . yellow shoot script 12 September 2014 113. jack the pm ask that we do what we can to minimise casualty . angela ( under she breath ) bloody coward ... woodale be that all he say ? jack yes . woodale how would you interpret that , George ? lieutenant-general benson Minister , we cannot have military decision dictate by government committee ! nor can we put on hold a military operation at every stage for legal clarification . you tell we when to go to war , we conduct the war and you deal with the aftermath . woodale ( ice cold ) if only it be that simple . 266 int . pjhq - london - afternoon 266 powell stand over mushtaq as mushtaq show she he new calculation with concentric circle over the target area . mushtaq adjusting the target to here ... there be a forty - five to sixty - five percent possibility of fatality . colonel powell sixty -five ? mushtaq yes . colonel powell I need that calculation to be below fifty per cent . yellow shoot script 12 September 2014 114 . a long pause . mushtaq well I ... colonel powell perhaps there be a adjustment in the assessment on the impact here ? mushtaq that calculation be already at the lowest limit of what I believe be possible . colonel powell or if you target the missile here ? mushtaq I would still have to make that a sixty - five per cent possibility on the upper limit . colonel powell I need you to make this work , sergeant . a beat . mushtaq look cornere . colonel powell ( cont 'd ) do you understand ? mushtaq yes ma’am . mushtaq be sweat at what he be be ask to do . colonel powell we be lock into this kill chain and a decision have to be make . there be many life at stake . mushtaq ma‘am ... I think ... I think that if the target be here then ... then I could , I think , predict a forty - five per cent possibility of fatality . that might be possible . colonel powell forty - five per cent ? mushtaq possibly . yes . yellow shoot script 12 September 2014 115 . colonel powell I will put that to cobra . mushtaq ma’am , it 's ... colonel powell it be my understanding that , in this circumstance , you calculation can only be speculation . that put you beyond any culpability . mushtaq thank you , ma’am . colonel powell thank you , sergeant . powell go back to she desk . look at alia on the screen . she know that she will be she executioner . 267 int . briefing room a - whitehall - afternoon 267 powell appear on the screen . colonel powell Sir , I have a revise assessment from the targeteer . a diagram appear on one of the other screen . colonel powell ( cont 'd ) if you look at the diagram ... by target the missile here , there be a estimate forty - five per cent chance of collateral fatality in this area here , where the girl be position . suddenly everyone can see the get-out . colonel powell ( cont 'd ) we have now do everything in we power to give this girl a chance to survive . lieutenant-general benson thank you Colonel . ( to woodale ) Minister , do we have authority to prosecute the target ? 268 269 270 yellow shoot script 12 September 2014 116 . everyone now look to he . woodale forty five percent ? lieutenant-general benson yes . Minister , you recommend earlier that we do not delay in proceeding with this mission . with a lower cde there be surely now no need to consult the pm . or the foreign Secretary . May we proceed ? woodale be skewer . woodale ~-. yes . benson pick up the secure phone . int . bedroom suite - singapore - night 268 jame , watch woodale and the group on he screen , cover he mouth with he hand . though he now appear to be off the hook legally , he be horrify by what be about to unfold . int . pjhq - london - afternoon 269 powell on the secure telephone . lieutenant-general benson ( 0.s. ) you may proceed . colonel powell thank you , sir . she put the phone down . int . ground control station - night 270 carrie and steve watch alia . carrie ( a whisper , a prayer ) if we can hold a few more moment and allow the grace of God - perhaps the grace of God - to intervene . 271 272 273 274 yellow shoot script 12 September 2014 117 . steve ( tense ) talk like my mom . carrie I know . mine too . int . pjhq - london - afternoon 271 powell pick up the telephone to Mission Control . colonel powell Lieutenant , we have re-run the cde . you be authorise to prosecute the target . engage now . be I clear ? int . ground control station - night 272 steve watch alia with she two loaf of bread . steve ( a long beat ) yes , Colonel . ( to carrie ) clear to engage . a unbearable beat before he restart the process to engage . steve ( cont 'd ) running the ' dash thirty four 's checklist . carrie , call when ready . carrie can not believe the order , but now she must obey . ext . abandoned lot - eastleigh - afternoon 273 jama emerge from he hide spot . he take off he jacket and hide it in rubble so he be less recognizable . his twisted ankle be cause he great pain . he hobble to a break metal sheet fence and look through a gap into : ext . alley - eastleigh - afternoon 274 a boy , ali , 10 , be play with a ball . try to look casual , jama step bravely into the alley and call to Ali . yellow shoot script jama hey , boy , what 's you name ? ali Ali , sir . jama Ali , I want you to buy I some bread . the girl sell it be on the corner of 147th and parker , near the market . it be special bread - so only buy it from she . you must buy all of it . he give ali some money . jama this be plenty of money . bring it to I here . if you come back in five minute , I will give you another two hundred shilling . yes sir ! jama go like the wind ! 12 September 2014 118. jama ( cont 'd ) waryaa yarii soo magacaa ? ( War - yah yaa - ree soo mah - gah - ah ? ) ali ( cont 'd ) cali , mudane . ( Ali , moo- dan - ay - ) jama ( cont 'd ) cali , waxaan rabaa inaad iisoo gado rooti . waxaad iiha soo gadaa gabadha gee kaas ku gadha wadada 147 and parker . waa rooti fiican iyada keliya iiga soo gat . waa inaad kasoo gadaa kuli . ( Ali , wah - haan rub-baa i-naad ee-so gah - dah roo-tee . wah - haad eega so gah - dah gah - bah - dah gee kaas koo gah - doh wah - dah - dah 147 and parker . wah roo - tee fee - un ee-yah - dah keh - lee - yah eager so gut . wah i- naad kah - so gah - dah koo-lee . ) jama ( cont 'd ) tani waa lacag badan . iigu keen inta iyo ku so lawaato . shan dagiiqo gudaheed waxaan ku siinayaa . labo bogol shillin . ( tah - nee wah lah - ak bah -dan . ee - goo ken in - tah ee-yo hah - daad koo so lah - wah - too . shan dah - kee-goh good - dah-he wah - haan koo see- nay - yah . lab-tah bok - kol shilling . ) ali ( cont 'd ) haye , mudane ! ( hi-yay moo-dah - nay ! ) jama ( cont 'd ) waxaad usoo oradaa sidaa queeleystaha oo kale ! ( wah -haad oo - so orad - dah see - dah qool - lay-stah - hah o-ka - lay ! ) ali run off with the money jama have give he . 275 276 277 278 279 yellow shoot script 12 September 2014 119 . ali ali ( cont 'd ) yes sir ! haye , mudane ! ( hah - yay moo-dan - ay ! ) jama keenly watch he run around the corner . int . operation room - company D base - afternoon 275 major owiti 's phone ring . he answer . cut between : jama ( on he cell phone ) I have send a boy to buy the bread . he will be there in two minute . int . ground control station - night 276 steve , now sweat profusely , continue to prepare the fire of the missile . he be be professional - but he cannot stop he emotion come through . every so often he break off to glance at - but only for a second - the image of alia on the screen . he keep he focus but be collapse inside . int . pjhq - london - afternoon 277 powell be look at the live reaper feed . major owiti ( 0.s. ) we have send in a boy to buy the bread . colonel powell we have be up and down the chain enough , mose . we be not take any more delay . ext . STREET - eastleigh - afternoon 278 ali run down the road , weaving in and out of traffic . int . briefing room a - whitehall - afternoon 279 everyone watch the live reaper feed on the screen . 280 281 282 283 284 285 286 yellow shoot script 12 September 2014 120 . nothing be happen - just alia at she table and the occasional passerby . ext . STREET - eastleigh - afternoon 280 close on alia - by she table , whisper , try to recall what she have learn from she book earlier in the day . int . ground control station - night 281 steve and carrie continue they preparation to fire . the pressure of alia not sell she last loaf be unbearable . int . pjhq - london - afternoon 282 powell , tense . ext . STREET - eastleigh - afternoon 283 ali now turn off the street and run down a passageway . ext . STREET - eastleigh - afternoon 284 a passerby come over to alia and talk to she . we watch he as he walk on . alia look up and down the street . int . ground control station - night 285 carrie pull back the image to see if there be traffic - cyclist , pedestrian , motorist - approach . two pedestrian walk towards the compound . steve keep he eye on alia . ext . STREET - eastleigh - afternoon 286 alia watch the two pedestrian approach . she be hope they will buy she last two loaf . 287 288 289 290 yellow shoot script 12 September 2014 121 . ext . STREET - eastleigh - afternoon 287 further down the street , ali emerge from a alley and run towards amadu 's compound . int . pjhq - london - afternoon 288 powell watch the screen . colonel powell when they pass the house , we go . int . ground control station - night 289 steve watch tensely as the pedestrian approach the stall - and walk past it . alia now stand alone on the street . there 's a long pause . steve know he have to release the missile - but he can not do it . perhaps he be also wait for that miracle , a angel , the grace of God , anything ... but he be get no help . he know he be alone . a beat . steve Three ... two ... one . he press the button . steve ( cont 'd ) rifle ! rifle ! rifle ! weapon away . time of flight , fifty second . for fifty long second : int . ground control station - night 290 steve wait , watch alia and the house and the compound . ali come into view , run down the street . carrie there 's a boy ! steve be too stunne to comment , as he glance at ali and then fix back on alia . 291 292 293 294 295 296 yellow shoot script 12 September 2014 122. int . pjhq - london - afternoon 291 powell , mushtaq and harold watch the screen . colonel powell he 's buy the bread ... she look at she stopwatch . colonel powell ( cont 'd ) forty second . int . ground control station - night 292 steve and carrie watch ali arrive at the bread stall . steve he 's buy that bread ! come on ! ali busy the last two loaf , give alia the money , run off . steve ( cont 'd ) put the money away ! put the fuck money away ! a beat . steve ( cont 'd ) fuck ! put the money away ! come on ! put the money away ! ext . STREET - eastleigh - afternoon 293 alia take she time to count she money . int . pjhq - london - afternoon 294 powell , mushtaq and harold watch in tense silence . int . bedroom suite - singapore - night 295 jame , ashen , kate and tom watch on James 's laptop . int . room —- hickam AIR force base - night 296 lucy , lean forward , anxiously watch alia on the screen . 297 298 299 300 301 302 yellow shoot script 12 September 2014 123. int . briefing room a - whitehall - afternoon 297 everyone watch the screen . ext . STREET - eastleigh - afternoon 298 alia fold she money . then carefully put it in she pocket . int . ground control station - night 299 steve and carrie wait as they watch alia . she be now carefully fold she tablecloth . carrie come on ! come on ! come on ! steve Fifteen second . ( with quiet dread ) come on ... ext . STREET - eastleigh - afternoon 300 alia 's in no hurry as she neatly continue to fold she cloth . int . pjhq - london - afternoon 301 powell again look at she stop watch . colonel powell nine second . int . ground control station - night 302 steve and carrie watch alia as she finish she fold . steve watch she pick up the basket . soundless , the missile go through the roof of the house . all we can see on the reaper live feed be a dust cloud , obscure everything around the compound . on the ground - ali look back in horror as secondary explosion from the two suicide vest rip the house apart . in alia 's compound -— 303 304 305 306 307 308 yellow shoot script 12 September 2014 124 . fatima and musa react as the house next door detonate . int . pjhq - london - afternoon 303 powell watch , wait for the dust to settle and the picture to become clear . int . bedroom suite - singapore - night 304 jame look like he will throw up . int . ground control station - night 305 steve stare at the smoke and dust where alia be stand . ext . STREET - eastleigh - afternoon 306 Alia 's table have be blow thirty yard away . she have be blow over by the force of the blast . she be bleed and have internal injury . she do not know what have happen or what be go on . she have enter another world : she know nothing but a instinct to try and move away . she get up to move but she body - she leg - will not propel she , they just will not go with she . she keep try to crawl forward - but no part of she body be actually able to achieve it so she rock forward and backwards , go nowhere . int . ground control station - night 307 the dust cloud clear . steve can see alia . he can see that she be move . he stare , horrify . int . pjhq - london - afternoon 308 powell grimly watch the same image . colonel powell sky45 , north20 . Zoom in for bda when able . we need to know that we have hit we target . 309 310 311 312 313 314 yellow shoot script 12 September 2014 125 . int . ground control station - night 309 steve and carrie look at the image from they live feed . carrie go in . the camera push in on the ruin of the house and alia go out of frame . int . room - hickam AIR force base - night 310 lucy be already analysing the reaper imaging of the strike . int . pjhq - london - afternoon 311 powell and mushtaq see what look like a woman in another part of the house , crawl away . colonel powell be that a body ? mushtaq it 's move ... colonel powell sky45 , close in . ext . STREET - eastleigh - afternoon 312 alia still try to move herself away - but the strength be drain from she . int . ground control station - night 313 steve and carrie look at the image from they live feed as it close in on the remain of al - hady , abade and amadu . rasheed and muhammad , who be wear the vest , have be blow to bit and be not identifiable . it tighten in on danford , who be in another part of the building crawl away , unable to walk . int . room - hickam AIR force base - night 314 lucy work fast , watch the live image of danford from the reaper and match it to a pattern - of - life image of she . 315 316 a316 317 318 yellow shoot script 12 September 2014 126 . lucy suspect crawl away identify with high probability as Susan helen danford . int . pjhq - london - afternoon 315 powell , harold and mushtaq watch the image from the reaper . ext . STREET - eastleigh - afternoon 316 alia have stop try to crawl to safety . she be run out of strength . int . pjhq - london - afternoon a316 powell , harold , mushtaq , they eye still fix on the image . colonel powell re-engage target . harold flash she a look ... harold Colonel ... colonel powell ( ignore he ) we be go again . int . ground control station - night 317 steve briefly look at alia on the screen . colonel powell ( 0.s. ) target the move body . steve and carrie take a deep breath . they have fall into they own hell . steve re-engaging target . ext . STREET - eastleigh - afternoon 318 alia be alone . fading away . 319 320 321 322 323 324 325 326 yellow shoot script 12 September 2014 127 . ext . STREET - eastleigh - afternoon 319 jama hobble round a corner and look down the street to where the explosion take place . he can see the die alia . he stare in horror as people push past he to see what have happen in they neighbourhood - curious , afraid , shocked ... int . ground control station - night 320 steve and carrie go through the same routine as they prepare to fire again . int . room - hickam AIR force base - night 321 lucy take a moment off analysing the picture to try and recover from have to watch alia fight for she life . int . pjhq - london - afternoon 322 powell , grim , as she look at the image of alia . ext . STREET - eastleigh - afternoon 323 alia alone . int . briefing room a - whitehall - afternoon 324 everyone watch alia , a small helpless figure on the screen . she move slightly . no one be capable of take they eye off the screen . int . ground control station - night 325 steve pull the trigger and release the second missile . steve rifle ! weapon away . fifty second . ext . STREET - eastleigh - afternoon 326 alia alone . several long second . then we hear a anguish cry . 327 328 329 330 331 332 yellow shoot script 12 September 2014 128 . musa alia !!!! alia strain to turn and see : her mother and father run towards she . int . ground control station - night 327 steve and carrie be shocked as they see musa and fatima come into view . int . pjhq - london - afternoon 328 powell watch the scene play out on the screen . ext . STREET - eastleigh - afternoon 329 alia lie in the street . musa and fatima run towards she . boom ! the second missile explode in the compound . int . ground control station - night 330 the same dust cloud obscure the view of the compound - and again steve and carrie have to wait to see anything . as the dust clear , they see musa and fatima lie flat on the ground in the street . musa struggle up , cover in blood . fatima rise too . her one arm hang limply , bloodily by she side . steve watch alia : she be not move . int . pjhq - london - afternoon 331 powell watch . mushtaq and harold watch . no - one in the room move . ext . STREET - eastleigh - afternoon 332 alia lie on the ground . now we see that she be still alive . 333 334 335 336 yellow shoot script 12 September 2014 129 . she look up - and see musa and fatima stumbling toward she . musa come to alia . he pick she up . no one else be come near the scene . musa and fatima stagger away from the bomb house with alia . it 's a terrible image as they stagger down the street . someone reverse a pickup truck towards they . it 's the one we see earlier with the young militia men and the machine gun bolt onto the back . the militia men jump down to help musa and fatima put alia into the back . they rapidly dismount the machine gun and toss it to another man on the street to make room in the back . the driver get back into he cabin and drive off . int . pjhq - london - afternoon 333 powell watch as the pickup truck drive out of the image . int . ground control station - night 334 steve and carrie watch the screen in horror . int . bedroom suite - singapore - night 335 jame , double over with stomach ache , and in shock - with kate and tom watch from behind he - stare at the reaper image on he laptop . ext . STREET - eastleigh - afternoon 336 jama watch helplessly as the pickup truck roar past he . he look around he . no - one be pay attention to he now . everyone be focus on the site of the missile attack . devastate , he stare blankly back at the destroy house as shocked neighbour begin to gather in the street . 337 338 339 yellow shoot script 12 September 2014 130 . ext . pickup truck - eastleigh STREET - afternoon 337 we be with musa and fatima cradling alia as they be drive fast down the road . they race towards the checkpoint . shock militia move aside as the vehicle speed through . int . briefing room a - whitehall - afternoon 338 they be all still stare at the screen . int . pjhq - london - afternoon 339 powell look at the live feed . she 's grimly realistic that she have do what have to be do . she pick up the phone . colonel powell Lieutenant , be you okay ? we cut between they : steve answer on the phone . he be not okay . and neither be carrie . steve yes ma’am . colonel powell you have do you job well . steve thank you , ma’am . colonel powell we have eliminate three high value target . a beat . steve be silent . colonel powell ( cont 'd ) and we have save a lot of life . steve yes , ma ’‘am . steve be desolate . carrie be pale and in shock . powell hesitates a moment longer . then hang up the phone . she notice mushtaq sit in silence , just look at she . 340 341 342 yellow shoot script 12 September 2014 131 . colonel powell I be sorry , sergeant , I could not see any other option . mushtaq yes , ma ’am . I understand that . but mushtaq do not understand it . powell 's military intelligence career have be reduce to lie about percentage in order to complete she mission . mushtaq stare at she , numb . colonel powell you will file you report as a 45 percent cde . silence from mushtaq . colonel powell ( cont 'd ) sergeant ? a beat . mushtaq 45 percent . yes , Colonel . powell can not hold mushtaq 's look . ext . pickup truck - nairobi CITY street - afternoon 340 musa cradle alia in he arm in the back of the pickup as it speed its way - horn blaring - through the street ... int . squadron operation room - night 341 colonel walsh be look at the reaper image . it 's just sit still . colonel walsh Steve you need to get we close in on the remain of danford . int . ground control station - night 342 steve and carrie glance at each other . in stunne silence , carrie start to zoom in as steve pilot the reaper slowly back over the destroy house and they hone in on the scattered part of a dead body in the rubble . 343 344 345 346 347 348 yellow shoot script 12 September 2014 132 . int . room - hickam AIR force base - night 343 lucy , unsettle , but still professional , match the image of the dead body part , of the clothing , to the image of Susan danford take when she be alive earlier . int . ground control station - night 344 carrie and steve both stare silently , numbly at the screen . they see the chatroom message : '' base on the footage I be see , body confirm as Susan helen danford . " int . pjhq - london - afternoon 345 powell pick up the secure telephone . colonel powell ( quietly , sombre ) Mission accomplish . int . briefing room a - whitehall - afternoon 346 lieutenant-general benson good job . well do , Katherine . colonel powell thank you , Frank . ext . sky above nairobi - late afternoon 347 for the first time we see the mq-9 reaper uav . it be 20,000 foot up in the sky . we see nairobi far , far below . the reaper turn around and head back home . int . briefing room a - whitehall - late afternoon 348 the meeting be over . GEORGE and brian leave quietly , briefly , awkwardly , shaking benson 's hand . as the room empty , angela look across the table as benson begin pack he thing . 349 350 yellow shoot script 12 September 2014 133 . angela in my opinion , that be disgraceful . and all do from the safety of you chair . lieutenant-general benson I have attend the immediate aftermath of five suicide bombing . on the ground . with the body . what you witness today , with you coffee and biscuit , be terrible . what this man would have do would have be even more terrible . that be how it be . ( almost kill she with the line ) never tell a soldier that he do not know the cost of war . he take he briefcase and walk out . int . corridor - cobra - whitehall - late afternoon 349 as benson exit the room , he aide -de - camp hand he the annabell time to Care doll . he be momentarily confuse , then manage a half smile . lieutenant-general benson thank you , Captain . he take the doll and walk away down the quiet hallway . int . corridor / operating theatre - hospital - dusk 350 musa , carry alia , and fatima - in bloody clothes and with bloody face - alarm everyone as they burst through door into a busy hospital corridor . move down the corridor , they shout for attendance . a nurse rush forward . see the extent of Alia 's injury , she rush they into a rudimentary operate theater . musa lay alia onto a operate table . a doctor approach quickly and take a look at she . but it do not take he long to realize that alia be dead . he look at fatima and musa . a350 351 yellow shoot script 12 September 2014 134 . a agonise silence . and it slowly dawns on they that they have lose she . close on alia - lie there , very still . and then musa let out the grieve roar of a animal that echoe into the next scene - ext . creech AIR force base - dawn a350 camera pan across a vast , empty desert , and find the isolate airforce base shimmer in early morning heat . ext . ground control station - morning 351 a metal door be shove open hard . steve and carrie step out into the blaze sun and blind light of the nevada desert . they stop as they see colonel walsh stand alone in the harsh light a short distance away , silently wait for they . steve hold a can drink . his hand shake . adrenalin have keep he go . now he be drain . a mental wreck . carrie look confuse . can not process what have just happen . walsh eye they both , then try awkwardly to offer comfort : colonel walsh you do well . both of you . they stand in silence for a moment . steve will you let I know what happen to the girl ? colonel walsh I will find out . steve I need to know that . colonel walsh I know you do . steve text I or something . colonel walsh I 'il do that . 352 353 354 yellow shoot script 12 September 2014 135 . steve thank you . silence again . then - colonel walsh we should get you home ... I need you back here in twelve hour . steve and carrie stare at colonel walsh blankly . lose . ext . alia 's compound - eastleigh - dawn ( flashback ) 352 alia , laugh , swinging she hip , she hula hoop whizzing around she . int . car - a road - england - night 353 close on powell , as if she be see the image of alia , drive in silence for a while , lose in think . then she snap out of she reverie and tap the screen on she car 's inboard computer . she select ' check message 's . computer voice you have one unheard message ... her husband 's voice come on . simon ( v.o. ) Katherine , I want you to know that I do not appreciate you angry call first thing in the morning . neither do the boy want to be humiliate in front of they girlfriend . Robert be under a lot of stress with he exam so you back off . this be just about the last thing she want to hear . as she drive on , she be as tense as she be in the morning . we pre-lap the rise SOUND of a angry crowd ... ext . amadux compound - eastleigh - dusk 354 a large crowd have gather in the street outside the bomb house . placard denounce America and Britain be wave . weapon brandish . some of they set fire to a United Nations flag - and angrily wave the burn emblem . yellow shoot script 12 September 2014 136 . camera rise up , slowly leave the crowd below . as we rise higher , cloud slowly move in , until the view below disappear completely and we - fade to black end