a screenplay b Howard A. rodman figaro-pravda 2880 hollyridge drive Los Angeles , CA 90068 323-464-5440 figaropravda@earthlink.net the screen be black . a few long moment of silence . now we hear the voice of a young woman ( whose name , we shall soon come to learn , be nora ) : nora ( vo ) Father . as she say the word , a ornate letter F , emerge from the darkness , purple against black , as nora continue to speak : nora ( cont would ) ( vo ) ( cont would ) Father in he dress gown . leaf through a old book . Father , stare out the window in we modern little house . fade to : ext . hollywood hill - well after midnight it 's a crisp February night . the house - and street - light glitter enchantingly . everything be still . everyone be asleep . almost everyone . we pick up and follow a car , swiftly round the curve of Nichols Canyon , up towards mulholland . nora ( cont would ) ( vo ) that 's -- who my father be , now . wool , and leather , and shave soap ... featuring the car a 1961 lincoln convertible , in concour condition . sixteen coat of hand - rubbed ebony lacquer glisten in the moonlight . on the driver a handsome man of , perhaps , sixty year , drive with casual assurance as the cool night air ruffle he hair . nora ( cont would ) ( vo ) ( cont would ) but what be he like -- before ? ( beat ) what be he like , before he be my father ? what he -- do . who he -- be . like the car he drive , this man be a classic . his name be charle swann . there be line in he face , mark of character , of a life well live . nora ( cont would ) ( vo ) ( cont would ) how can a girl know ? how can a girl ever know ? ext . sunset boulevard - late night - the convertible ride the crest of the Hollywood Hills , its sleek mass silhouett against the light of Los Angeles below . nora ( cont would ) ( vo ) there 's what he tell I -- which be nothing . ( beat ) what he show I -- which be nothing . and we begin to be aware of another car , a white roll royce , follow the lincoln at a discreet distance . nora ( cont would ) ( vo ) ( cont would ) then , every once in a while , there 's -- a look on he face , when someone , something , remind he of the past ... closer on swann as he distractedly toy with the button on the car radio . now he find a all - night college radio station play loud , fast rock ' n 'roll . it 's not the kind of music you would expect a man of he age , he bear , to like . radio ( vo ) there be many way to get what you want / I use the best / I use the rest / I want to destroy all passersby ... he turn it up , loud . and , at the top of he lung , sing along : swann ... and I wanna be ... ( beat ) anarchy ! ext . neutra house - night a house by Richard neutra : spare of line , elegant of proportion . in one of its curtain - glass window we see a young woman look out into the night . it 's dark ; she face be indistinct ; but even now we sense she beauty , and the intensity of she focus . though we have no real way of know , something tell we that this be the woman whose voice we have be hearing -- that this be nora . we hear the SOUND of a approach automobile . ext . mulholland drive - neutra house - night swann 's lincoln pull up the long driveway of the house , into its space in the open carport . as pull to a stop , we make note of the license plate , which bear one simple , center letter F . a hundred yard back , on mulholland , the white roll royce slow down to observe swann pull into the driveway . then stop , turn around , and begin the trip back downhill . we hold on the roll as it head toward the CITY below pinpoint of light , by the thousand , articulate the grid of street , avenue , boulevard . and , here and there , the white gleam of headlight , the green of traffic light , the red of tail light . in century City , and in downtown LA , building still aglow , gleam with nocturnal activity . ext . first STREET - late night Little Tokyo , on the edge of downtown LA 's business district one - and two -story shop , bar , restaurant nestle among the skyscraper . a multicolor neon sign sputter and buzze , flash out cafe karaoke in English and japanese . the white roll royce glide to a stop in front of the café . it 's a 1967 Silver shadow , the vanity plate of which read : I in my we hear -- filter , echoic , from inside the café-- the sound of a japanese girl group sing burt bacharach . the driver , livery in black , quit the car . he hold in he hand a oversize , ceremonial envelope : address , in copperplate script , to monsieur juve ... ... which he slide , under the café door int . cafe karaoke - evening a small japanese restaurant with a large projection video screen on the front wall . there 's a young man in a thrasher T-shirt be stack chair , upside down , on the table . his name be edouard Jean - Paul juve , but that 's misleading , because by speech , by affect , he 's just another american kid name eddie . in the front of the room , seat on the edge of the stage , be the café 's owner theophile juve . he 's a man of about 65 -- and though , twenty - odd year ago , Eddie spring from he loin , the two could not be less alike . juve 's toupee come low over the forehead and the large floppy shirt collar be wear outside the jacket . he sport a thin black moustache of the type that must have be quite the mode . he 's polish the barware , look up , to see the envelope , with its red seal slide under the door . and turn white . juve F -- F -- ( beat ) eddie you okay ? when juve finally be able to speak , it 's a accent so thickly french it sound almost yiddish . the voice be thicken by year of absinthe and nicotine . juve fantoémas . I chase he across three continent . make that four . always one step behind . I would arrive by carriage , in time to find -- the latest corpse . he walk to the door , never take he eye off the white paper , the red wax . juve ( cont would ) then I catch he , red-hand , in Paris , the rue de l'estrapade . monsieur le ministre , he hack body in a steamer trunk . headline : ( more ) juve ( cont would ) juve apprehend fantémas . my name first . Inspector juve. Big promotion . deputy Chief of the Department . on eddie as he father drift into a all - too- familiar revery . he divide he attention between he work and a full - pint can of sapporo . the sapporo be win . juve ( cont would ) Trial : quick . jury : unanimous . a month later , they put the hood over the head of this fiend . March he to the guillotine . the guillotine blade come down . he illustrate : a quick , loud chop of ashtray against bar that capture Eddie 's attention . juve ( cont would ) they take off the hood , and it 's : ( beat ) not he , not he at all . it 's the magistrate who pronounce sentence . whose head , ala could not be re-attach . as he touch the envelope : juve ( cont would ) fant6mas : go . the next day , he rob the Galleries Lafayette -- I be there . I be -- half a step behind . almost -- ( beat ) almost - - ( beat ) the very next day he kill Lord halifax . ina room lock ... from the inside . Eddie take another pull of beer and put and glance up he father ... ... who turn he body adroitly to conceal the envelope from he son . juve ( cont would ) I could never understand it . fant6émas , mabuse , fu manchu , the man be fiend ! still the poet raise they glass , in tribute ! fantomas ! and yet Picasso paint he portrait , top hat , white tie , black mask . like some kind of -- hero . the envelope in juve 's small pudgy hand . the flap be seal in magnificent red wax , with the signet F stamp in intaglio . juve ( cont would ) hero , fuck ! Pablo goddam Picasso be lucky and do not even know it . lucky fantémas do not kill he . in he sleep ! his eye drift off , to another land ... and when he speak , it 's the voice of revery , different in every respect from the scream we have just hear : soft , dreamy , almost tender . juve ( cont 'd ) fant6mas , could it be you ? then : juve ( cont would ) c'mere . Eddie walk towards he father juve stuff the envelope , still unopen , into he breast pocket , before he son can see . eddie pop -- ( beat ) you tired , pop ? ( beat ) you want I to lock up ? juve in the event . in the event that something . should happen , you understand ? eddie nothing 's go to " happen . " juve I make some introduction last week . a business deal . I be go to get a finder 's fee . so. in the event -- eddie pop -- juve shoot he son a look which , despite everything , create a long moment of silence . juve in the event that something should -- ( beat ) Happen . ( beat ) I would like the proper burial . with ceremony . as befit a Chief Inspector retire . his head move , a inch and a half , to the leave , to the right . juve ( cont 'd ) my only son . you , you son of a bitch . whatever 's leave over , you can keep . ext . hollywood hill - sunset following a batter citréen DS - 19 up outpost toward mulholland . the driver be theophile juve , freshly barber , dress in he best blue double - breast gabardine , a ribbon in the buttonhole . you can almost smell the aftershave . juve pull he car into the driveway of swann 's neutra house . int . swann' house - library - dusk swann , as nora depict he : in he Pierre chareau read chair . leaf through a leatherbound , letterpress book . he hear the sound of juve 's car in the driveway ... ... find , and insert , a bookmark . ext . swann' house - dusk - juve with as much dignity as he can muster , ring the bell . swann open the door . his eye dart quickly about , as if check for exit , possible weapon -- but that 's the work of a moment , and when that moment end , quick as it begin , the two just stare . take each other 's measure . then : swann Inspector juve ? juve nod . swann ( cont 'd ) please come in . juve , speechless , follow swann inside . int . swann' house - dusk - swann and juve the live room , sparsely furnish in continental ( chareau frankl ) moderne , offer up a head - on view of the city and hill below . swann what may I offer you ? juve shake he head . swann ( cont 'd ) ( finally ) have you come to arrest I ? juve just laugh , bitterly . swann ( cont 'd ) ( softly ) what , then ? from he inside breast pocket , juve extract the envelope , hand it to swann for he inspection . swann ( cont 'd ) I be have a whiskey . May I fix you one ? juve say nothing , but accept the offer drink . swann ( cont 'd ) you be , monsieur , a welcome guest in my house . but on my fullest honor , I have never see this invitation before . swann raise a glass . the gesture be not reciprocate . juve ( regain he speech ) F - Father in heaven . swann sit slightly behind juve , in the manner of a psychoanalyst . swann go on . juve F -- F -- for thirty year . swann you have see I eight time since then . but you do not know it . juve drain he drink , gather the courage to say the word he almost can not speak . juve F -fantomas . swann Charles swann . my friend call I charley . swann pour he a refill , which juve downs in one gulp . juve this be not right . swann you may recall my late wife , céline . but you have not meet my daughter . she 's outside now , and should be do with she work in a hour or so . ( beat ) I would be honore if you would stay for dinner . should you join we , I would ask one courtesy , only one . my daughter . she know nothing of my past . juve ( flatly ) you ruin my life . swann you do you best to ruin mine , as I recall . juve ( brighten ) I can only hope so . swann be that as it may . the invitation you receive , my dear monsieur juve , be not of my hand . someone want you to come here . someone -- be there any other reason ? -- want one of we dead . juve take this in . swann ( cont would ) one of we , perhaps -- swann offer juve a cigar , which juve decline . with precise , elegant motion , swann pick up a sterling knife , and , witha small flourish , nip the very tip of the montecristo . swann ( cont would ) -- or both of we . swann light up . look reflectively out the window . he Pov there , in the garden : nora , a apparition in white . cover , head - to-toe . bent low , as if gardening , or study something close to the earth . a floppy suit , a loose white helmet : what one might wear , out for a stroll , on the moon of saturn . 10 . swann consume in think . he 's contemplate the prospect of danger , of death . yet , behind he eye , we can see something ... ... come to life . ext . desert pass wind farm - dusk some 20 mile outside of Palm Springs , a forest of high - tech wind - drive generator , each on its own steel tower . there be perhaps two hundred of they . the wind be quite gentle now , and the blade , as they turn lazily , emit a smooth , soothing whup whup sound . the white roll Silver shadow pull off the highway , drive across a unpave road to one of the nearer tower . the driver get out of the car , gun in hand , follow by two captive , both asian businessman in suit and tie ; one young , one somewhat elderly . the captive have be blindfolded , they hand be bound with black silken cord . next come lemuel hardt , a tough guy with a Harvard mba . and finally , the boss : victor hollywood , a vigorous man in he sixty , tan , fit , pampere , sport a trim white beard . he be wear white short , a lacoste shirt , and a rolex as big as the ritz . the Driver place the captive up against the cross-brace steel tower . the young man , gondo ken , be visibly nervous ; the older , gondo hideki , a model of detachment . lem address the elder man . lem ( japanese ; subtitle ) gondo-san . Mr. Hollywood wish to give he permission for you to remove you blindfold . hideki ( in English ) only if we both may do so . lem look at Hollywood , who nod . lem ( in English ) you pleasure be we desire . the captive undo the blindfold . Hollywood pace back and forth in front of they . abruptly , he reach into he pocket and extract a gleam compact disc . and begin to speak , he casual american accent betray , in the we and ts , just a touch of the continent . 11 . hollywood do you know why a compact disc have sixty - five minute of play time ? because Mr. akio morita , of Sony , decide it must have the capacity to hold bach 's cello suite , without interruption . he hand the disc to lem , who insert it in the roll ' player the cello suite , number 6 , D minor , Pierre fournier 's rendition : haunt , poignant , elegiac . hollywood ( cont 'd ) ( over the music ) the technology of the compact disc be not hold in the tight fist of one Zaibatsu . it be license . there be great profit , by many order of magnitude . and glorious music encircle the world . Hollywood 's hand move in time with the music , as if he be conduct . hollywood ( cont would ) no one own the wind . we see , close the tall , eerily majestic machine hollywood ( cont would ) but this generator make electricity , bring power -- ( beat ) -- at a profit -- ( beat ) -- to Palm Springs , to rancho mirage ... jewel in the desert . a gesture from Hollywood , and the Driver , point with he gun , bind Ken to the tower with silvere gaffer 's tape . hollywood ( cont would ) now you , gondo-san , be in possession of a extraordinary technology . the novium chip be , if I may be so bold , a device for which the inventor be fully deserve of the Nobel . and if we business have a Nobel , Ken and yourself be fully deserve of it , for spirite the chip from its inventor , and offer it to we . hideki offer it for sale . Ken 's wrist and ankle be fastened , one by one , each with its own gleam chrome handcuff . the Driver then slather Ken 's 12 . body with a gelatinous glop . [ it 's electroconductive , the stuff they use for ekg in hospital . ] hollywood I do not want to own it ; I want to borrow it . reproduce it . ( beat ) I would like you chip to find a place in every personal computer , every web browser -- in every household in the develop world . the Driver take a sharp - blade shovel from the trunk of the roll and begin to dig a ditch a few foot from the tower . hideki if we might talk price . hollywood what I offer , gondo-san , be a equitable royalty structure , with a real back - end participation . when we make money , you make money . all you have to tell I ... the Driver do not have to dig long . he hit a length of cable , cut it in two , fasten the " live " end to the tower 's metal superstructure with more tape , more " glop . " hollywood ( cont would ) ... be where you have hide the chip . hideki , watch the Driver , listen to Hollywood , keep he face impassive . hollywood ( cont would ) in this season , the valley cool dramatically just after sunset . the drop in temperature create a low pressure zone ; and the wind start to blow . at thirty - five mile per hour through the pass . enough for each of this puppy -- to generate some eighteen thousand volt of electricity . ( beat ) impressive -- yes ? Hollywood extract a business card from he jacket pocket . in gorgeous raise - letter printing on crisp bristol board , it read , quite simply : fantomas Hollywood stuff the business card in hideki 's breast pocket . hollywood ( cont would ) I would like a answer . 13 . hideki stand tall , motionless , radiating dignity . hideki you need not wait for a answer ( beat ) it be immaterial to I , whether you make the world 's large fortune , or whether you drop it down a sewerpipe . I do not want to be you partner . I want -- all I want -- be for you to meet my price . ( beat ) and since you be unwilling to do this , I have only one answer . which be ... ( beat ) ... that you may fuck yourself . on the tower - ken immobilize , beginning to shiver . ken be Pov - the windmill forest as the blade ' lazy rotation begin , almost imperceptibly , to quicken . the rise in pitch of the fan can be hear now over the plaintive solo cello . tighter on ken as he feel the first tremble effect of the electricity . we hear a single pierce scream . ken Father ! hideki keep he eye straight ahead . hollywood you be a man of honor , gondo-san . I will not insult you by ask you to change you mind . Hollywood reach into he jacket and come out hold a .25 calibre beretta . it be what 's know , in professional circle as a " lady ' gun " ; and it 's what James bond use , before he trade up to a walther . Hollywood look at hideki imploringly . hideki be completely motionless , almost tranquil . Ken , twitching uncontrollably , watch as Hollywood take aim at he father . hollywood ( cont 'd ) I be sorry we could not do business . 14 . the bach suite build to a crescendo . the cello be truly angelic . and over the music , the sound of a single shot . hideki go slack , fall to the ground . immediately the desert sand begin to lick at he now - lifeless body . the music be quieter now ; and we can hear the whine of two hundred wind - drive generator , the whistle of they blade . hollywood ( cont 'd ) ( to Ken ) last chance . where 's the chip ? Ken stare defiantly , he face aglow with pre-sunset roseate light . he say nothing . lem come very close . lem now or never . Ken 's facial muscle be in spasm . but he summon up enough control to spit , hit lem smack in the face . with the calm befit a Harvard mba , lem wipe himself clean . as he tidy up lem begin to whistle , with extraordinary derision , along with the music . lem , without miss a note , give Ken a small wave of farewell . then , as lem hold the door , Hollywood climb into he roll . full on ken , on the tower as the roll glide away , back toward Los Angeles . various angle - the roll climb the notch between two barren hill . the wind , now , be beginning to howl . the wind -driven generator spin rapidly . on gondo ken he hair stand on end , spark fly from he wrist perform some extraordinary act of contortion , until he can just about -- but not quite - - reach the power line . the sun , now , be almost fully down , and against the amazing pink and magentas of the desert sunset , we can see the generator spin ever more rapidly . and hear they whup whup sound rise in pitch . 15 . amazingly , Ken manage to reach , with he foot , the power cable . on the third try , he pull it away from the tower , ground it safely away from himself . Hair on end , wrist char , extract a yellow map pin from the notch of he lapel -- the insignia , if it matter , of membership in mensa - - and go to work pick the lock . in the very last light , the lock spring , and a weaken Ken crawl across the desert floor to the body of he slain father . he manage to extract from he father 's breast pocket the business card which Hollywood have place there . racked by sob , shock , exhaustion , Ken clutches the card as he collapse across the lifeless body of he father . fantomas there be a neat .25 calibre bullet hole through the center of the 0 . and a red stain , spread outward from the center . the sun sets . we watch a ant . then another . then a third . then -- a column of ant , crawl up the sticky trail of blood , up the back of the call card ... ... and out the bloody hole . from ant to ... ext . swann house - dusk ... spider . a dense , thick swarm . so many , in fact , that it take quite a few moment to realize that this writhe palette be compose of hundred of individually sentient creature . peer over the horizon of arachnid we see a flap of white . which , as we pull back , we now see as : the floppy white suit , the loose white helmet . through the woven mesh , we see a pair of eye . belong to nora . what nora see : a excited wolf spider , make circle around the Queen in the web 's center . he crawl , first to the right , then to the leave . he raise he front leg in a small , tremulous dance . another spider crawl up , interrupt . the first spider sting he . 16 . nora make notation on a pad of finely rule graph paper . the pen be a blue waterman with medium oblique nib . we see she write , and hear she voice in accompaniment : nora ( vo ) the wolf spider life alone , work alone . but not really . like most arachnid , he have a alarm pheromone . when he sting he enemy , he release a scent , which tell other male wolf spider -- her Pov the queen spider , in the center of she web . watch , without affect , as a tangle clot of spider converge on the victim . nora ( cont would ) ( vo ) ( cont would ) -- to join in the attack . from the queen spider to ... int . swann house - evening ...@ queen , among a cluster of other piece , at the center of a chessboard . juve this french man walk into a bar , say , " ah excuuuse mahself , but what ees zee seeng one call a polar bear , yes ? " bartender say " it 's big , and white , and slide around , and eat a lot of fish . why do you ask ? " swann and juve across the table . swann be wait for juve to move . finally juve finger he rook . juve ( cont 'd ) frenchman say , " beecauze , someone he ask I to be a polar bear at a funeral , but eef zee be what he mean , I not do eet , you know ? " he laugh at he own joke . swann be not amused . swann you interpose the rook , I check , you retreat to knight Three , I check with the pawn , mate . ( beat ) a foolish mate . the sound of a key in the door 17 . woman' voice ( vo ) hello ? it 's nora swann . Charles 's daughter , he only child . still dress be the white entomologist ' suit . juve stare at this pale apparition . juve ( to himself ) polar bear ? swann ( ignore they ) what you could have do , back here , be bishop take knight . I block with the pawn mate in three -- ( beat ) a more honorable mate . nora remove she helmet , shake out she hair . but still swann do not look up . finally : swann ( cont 'd ) May I present my daughter , Doctor nora swann . nora , monsieur theophile juve . dinner be a hour ago . I be glad I do not wait . nora I be sorry . juve stand , kiss she hand , do he best to be courtly . and discreetly brushes the dandruff from the shoulder of he gabardine suit jacket . juve you be the image of you mother . swann ( interrupt ) I save you some of the gigot . if you want to come home late , that be you own business , but tell I first ? she look at she father ; then look away . nora of course . ( to juve ) you know my mother ? before juve can respond , swann swiftly , adroitly , interpose he body . 18 . swann nora . what ever keep you so occupy ? you lose track of time . she respond , she eye only on juve . nora I have be work on signal chain . juve Excuse I ? nora the round dance . the waggle dance . the symbolism of the web -- where to search for food . how far . in what direction . ( beat ) the queen substance , and its fluctuation , as the season change . juve blink . nora ( cont would ) arachnid . ( when he do not respond : ) spider . as nora leave for the kitchen : juve ahh . swann move in , close . swann ( whisper ) for the past twenty year , monsieur juve - - since céline 's accident -- I have devote my life to do exactly nothing . I like it that way . I have know what it be to lose a wife . I do not ever want to know what it be like to lose a daughter . if you can accept that , we will not have any problem . if you bring trouble to this house , I will extinguish you as certainly as the sun , each night , slip into the Pacific . and with about as much noise . juve reflect . we hear , from the kitchen , the clatter of juve call I theo. 19 . as nora return , carry a plate of lamb and vegetable , swann resume move the chessmen . his speed be blind . swann you have a even better option . back here . decline the knight . instead , pawn to bishop 's pawn three , open up the diagonal . nora ( to juve ) my mother . how -- how do you know she ? juve ( guard ) not as well as I would have wish -- nora ( to juve ) here or in France ? juve in France . well before you be bear . nora what be she like ? juve in a word , radiant . I know you father -- through business , rather than socially , so I regret not have have the opportunity to make you mother 's fuller acquaintance . swann ( ignore they ) I bring my other knight out , we exchange , you deploy the bishop . juve he cherish she . and be very -- protective . nora I do not doubt . swann ( still move the piece ) ultimately , I still win of course . but you loss would not have be without its dignity . I would term that -- casually , nora reach for the envelope with the red wax seal . with he leave hand , swann grab the envelope before she can get to it ; and with he right , bring he queen down on the board with a solid thump . 20 . swann ( cont would ) -- a tragic mate . swann 's face be turn toward juve ; but he eye be look at something -- or someone - - far more distant . we hold on nora as she contemplate she father . wonder -- not for the first time -- just what she mother be like ; and what she must have mean to he . ext . malibu mansion - day - to establish Mr. Hollywood 's home and headquarters . a stately pleasure dome complete with large minaret and four flanking onion tower , which Hollywood pick up for a dime on the dollar from a heir to the peacock throne who find himself have to leave the country on short notice . the security -- from fierce , coiled concertina wire to a elaborate electronic surveillance system -- be very serious . ext . rear lawn - day - victor hollywood and lemuel hardt a huge , manicure lawn , the size of a couple of football field . smack in the center , Vic Hollywood and lem hardt in adjacent deck chair . the mansion be a hundred yard behind they and the ocean cliff a hundred yard in front . the only other object in view be a large , curve piece of cor - ten steel - - a Richard serra sculpture - - off to one side . Hollywood have white zinc sunblock on he nose and various other spot on he face . lem sip from a bottle of Vichy water . Hollywood be read from a leatherbound copy of machiavelli 's the Prince . in the space between the two deck chair be a pair of cell phone , one for each . in the distance , the seemingly endless expanse of the Pacific Ocean . we can hear the soothing crash of wave on the cliff below , and the occasional cry of a ocean gull . now Hollywood be speak on the phone . hollywood ( into phone ) -- what do you mean she 's not available ? amber . what 's she name . the one with the hand . that 's right . ( beat ) you forget who you be talk to . this be Victor . ( more ) 21 . hollywood ( cont would ) ( beat ) make she available . while Hollywood be talk , lem 's phone ring , and he pick it up . lem ( into phone ) no problem . call I when you hear something . ciao . he hang up . lem ( cont 'd ) ( to Hollywood ) that be schmuckface . Desert , yes , generator yes , but -- no dead father . no dead son . ( beat ) vanish . shazam . hollywood machiavelli speak of the lion , and the fox . the lion be the man of action , the fox the man of cun . lem he say to I , " shall I call every hour , sir ? " Fucking sycophant . hollywood when people think of machiavelli , they think of the fox : cleverness , game , stratagem . but to machiavelli , the prince be a man of virtue . the fox and the lion . lem wait he out . hollywood ( cont would ) the fox : ( beat ) gondo Ken have just witness he father 's death , have come close to die himself . his next three move : Hollywood count on he finger . hollywood ( cont would ) to find a woman . to avenge he father 's death . to make sure the chip -- the family jewel , so to speak - - be in a safe place . libido , phallic aggression , castration anxiety , in that order . a bottle - blonde woman in the pamela Anderson mode walk , with small step , towards they . she be carry a fold massage table and a mesh sack full of various unguent . 22 . lem we keep watch on the woman , on fantémas . he visit one , then the other . we follow . he lead we straight to the chip . hollywood too much fox , not enough lion . Hollywood pull a face . hollywood ( cont would ) I remember read once , in a novel . the line , " what kind of country be this , where a man become you enemy only when he back be turn . " will you track that down for I ? lem make a note . lem we be assume , yes , Ken take he revenge against fantémas , yes ? hollywood exact . lem then what ? hollywood then , presume he survive , fantémas come after we . lem which be what we want ? hollywood which be what we want . the masseuse walk towards they , take tiny step . still fifty yard away . lem do he know about he wife ? on hollywood he face a mask of brown skin and white ointment . hollywood not yet . Hollywood cough -- a dry , hack cough he can not seem to get rid of . the masseuse set up she table . Hollywood stand up , slip out of he short , and lie down upon it , belly up . the masseuse rub oil into she palm , and start to work . 23 . hollywood ( cont 'd ) ( to the blonde ) a little lower , please . the phone begin to ring again . and again , Hollywood ignore it . hollywood ( cont would ) France . " what kind of country be this , where a man become you enemy only when he back be turn . " I think they be talk about France . once more , he begin to cough , harshly . ext . mulholland reservoir - day - four parked car swann 's lincoln convertible . juve 's citrde . nora 's brown volvo station wagon . and Eddie 's primer - gray vintage pontiac tran - be , beat to shit , with a license plate which read : sxrxrnr swann , juve , nora , Eddie , poke about in the damp underbrush which border the walk path . juve , a step behind swann , be carry a wicker basket under he arm . Eddie and nora bring up the rear . juve maldoror 's nightclub . fourteen February , 1967 . the place surround by a dozen of my finest . and yet -- swann say nothing . juve ( cont 'd ) okay , okay . juve hold he tongue for a few moment . and then cannot restrain himself . juve ( cont would ) of all you deed . there 's one I could never -- figure out . swann lift one eyebrow . juve ( cont 'd ) Lord halifax . swann surely , monsieur juve , you do not expect I to -- 24 . juve the window , lock . the door : lock . from the inside . swann ( teasingly ) it be a classic problem . swann bend down , pick up a pair of mushroom . swann ( cont 'd ) amanita muscaria . amanita phalloide . the one be instant death . the other , sautée in a little butter , be sex ona plate . tight on the mushroom almost identical . eddie and nora some step behind . they walk along in silence . on the face of it , they be a unlikely match . nora , in a lacoste shirt chino , and topsider , hair pull back . Eddie , in a pizzicato 5 T-shirt . the silence become quite awkward . finally : eddie couches . nora Excuse I ? eddie couches . I buy couch . from the salvation Army . ( beat ) do you know what happen when you buy couch ? she say nothing . eddie ( cont would ) it give you a license . ( beat ) you put the couch , the older the better , in a old storefront . then you buy a espresso machine . you need a cook to open a restaurant , but anyone with a right arm can make espresso . so the couch give you a license . ( beat ) to charge a dollar fifty , for a thimble full of dirty water . 25 . a beat . then : nora oh . eddie we be artist . go into wild part of town . live in factory that no one else want . we want place , where people could sit , and talk , and argue , and fall in love -- and never , never sleep . nora do it work . eddie no . his smile be more disarming than she would count on . eddie ( cont would ) we think we be make a revolution . what we be do be -- make the world safe , for starbuck 's . she look at he . eddie ( cont would ) you know what a artist be ? a artist be just the person who go there first . the person who civilize . he take a branch , use it as a walk stick . eddie ( cont would ) a artist be to a real estate developer -- ( beat ) what a missionary be , to a slave trader . he flash what he think of as he best smile . eddie ( cont would ) that 's why I do not make art anymore . now , without foreshadow , he sling he jacket over he shoulder , and begin to dance , and sing : eddie ( cont would ) when I fall in love / it will be forever .. ( then : ) I be sorry . nora no need to apologize . a beat . 26 . eddie I can not really sing . nora it 's okay . eddie it 's just that sometimes , I have emotion to large for word to contain . then : nora I see that . they walk for several step . then : nora ( cont 'd ) there be a man once . he be a journalist . do a piece for one of the woman 's magazine . " what we can learn from the bird and the be . " look for a entomologist . go to ucla . found I -- then the light bulb go on over he head . eddie Light bulb ? nora killer bee honey . he would put up the money , I would put up the expertise . a partnership . he think it would be the next Pet rock . the next -- tamagotchi . eddie what happen ? nora he get stung . eddie I would not want to get stung . or -- ( beat ) bit. ( beat ) but I would like -- ( beat ) to see you . nora you be see I . eddie no , no -- like -- nora study this strange young man . nora like you and I and the spider ? eddie you and I and you spider and my guitar and maybe my surfboard . nora and maybe my bear . eddie and maybe you bear . Real bear ? nora stuff bear . I be still a child , you know . eddie ah. nora tell you what . why do not you ask my father if you can go out with I . we will give he twenty four hour -- on eddie take this in . nora ( cont would ) -- and if you be still alive , we will talk . swann and juve pause , now and then , to add mushroom to swann 's basket . juve when you -- comment dit on ? -- " dispose " of Lord halifax . the body be still warm . you could not have get out of the room . and you be not still in it . how , in God 's good name -- swann that life be over for I . when céline die . when I have a daughter to raise . a daughter innocent of my evil . juve if you will not tell I how , at least tell I why . damn it . I mean , what do Lord halifax ever do to you ? 27 . swann , as if recalling a cherish memory , permit himself a smile . 28 . swann nothing . int . HOTEL mondrian - dusk gondo Ken and a beautiful asian woman , name emoretta , on the large bed in the very best suite in the trendiest hotel in town . outside the window be the glitter cityscape which , on night like this , extend all the way to the sea . they thin , supple body , moist with exertion , gasp and writhe beneath the huge keith haring print -- encase in plexiglas - - which loom over they bed . int . swann' house - kitchen - dusk - swann and juve swann be saut a bunch of mushroom in a copper pan . he 's hum to himself . juve , look on , take frequent gulp from a large glass of cabernet . swann ( almost inaudibly ) " , , , across Paris and across the world ... could it be you ... " juve it 's the song . the fantémas song . swann I forget the word . juve , proud of he memory , swell he chest and sing , ina strong baritone . juve " stretch he immense shadow , across Paris and across the world , who be this grey - eye spectre , rise from the mist ? fantémas , could it be you , lurking among the rooftop ? " swann , one hand on the fry pan , one hand on the shoulder of he lifelong nemesis , join in on the last line . abruptly , juve freeze . juve ( cont 'd ) ( almost to himself ) at the prefecture . they use to hum that song when my back be turn . to mock I . in my favorite bistro . the lyric , scrape into the paint , eye level , above the pissoir . I tell le patron to do something about this wall . his reply : " the work of monsieur Picasso be not for sale . " 29 . swann a squeeze of lemon , a dash of cognac , and never , never overcook . juve ( suddenly ) I like you . astonish by what he 's just hear himself say , juve stop . juve ( cont would ) why do you become fant6émas ? swann why do you become a cop ? swann continue to chop , to pour , to sauté . swann ( cont would ) I be very young . dien Bien phu . saw more kill than a seventeen - year - old know what to do with . and then a door open in front of I . I could go through it . or : home , college , suburb , wagon , ulcer , favorite chair at the club , cigar ash dribble down the vest of my three - piece suit . juve , very quiet , not have expect the intimacy . swann ( cont would ) right or wrong . maybe wrong . but I go through that door and I never look back . swann gesture toward the table . swann ( cont would ) sit . the first of we will await the other . on juve who 's spend half he life tracking the man ... . with whom he 's about to dine . int . swann dine room - dusk Eddie and nora be already seat at the table , nursing beer and wine respectively . juve sit cautiously . then swann enter , bear a pan full of the best sautée mushroom anyone have ever taste . as they eat : 30 . nora I always worry . amanitas be so delicious . but one error , one wrong identification - - eddie I be in a discussion group ? on the net ? it 's call -- alt dot urban dot disaster . and somebody post about this guy , he eat the wrong mushroom , okay ? there go the liver right ? so they harvest a good liver . slit he open , out with bad , in with the good -- and the next morning he 's fine . a little , you know , yellow -- but fine . he take a big swig of beer . eddie ( cont would ) no big deal . oblivious to she reaction , he go on . eddie ( cont would ) go out , the very next night , to celebrate -- ( beat ) by eat blowfish . swann bring the pan to the table . juve ( to Eddie ) pop ? do not get too drunk . we have a bar to open tonight . swann May I propose a toast ? he look directly at juve . swann ( cont would ) to that no longer among we . glass clink . nora Father ? ( beat ) be not that a little morbid ? swann on the contrary . Eddie consume he portion in record time , help himself to second . 31 . eddie anyway . Mr. swann . May I have you daughter 's hand in marriage ? juve break into peal of laughter , follow by nora , follow by Eddie - - but not , of course , swann -- to whom the matter be not funny , not funny at all . ext . swann' house - the driveway - dusk the duck - nose of juve 's citréen DS - 19 . lift , as the citrdéen 's pneumatic suspension kick into gear nora ( vo ) when the male of a web-build spider be ready to mate , he begin to wander . if he run into the web of a female , he can recognize it as such by she odor the car pull away . eddie be Pov - through the car window as swann , nora , the neutra house , recede in the distance . nora ( cont would ) ( vo ) ( cont would ) he then pluck at the thread with a special " morse code " signal . if the female be not ready to mate , she reaction be aggressive , and the male leave . nora watch the car depart , hold she gaze , for a bit longer than truly necessary . a fact which do not escape the notice of her father tall , well - dress , proper , in the manicure driveway . nora ( cont would ) ( vo ) ( cont would ) if she be ready , she be either passive -- int . HOTEL mondrian - as before Ken and emoretta , exhaust , collapse in a heap on top of each other . nora ( vo ) -- or signal back . 32 . Ken , he body bruise from the ordeal in the desert , coat with sweat and funk , slip on a immaculate white shirt . and place over it , a shoulder holster of perfect black leather , contain a 9 mm heckler & koch p - 13 . squeeze the grip to feed the first round into the chamber . the metal be , of course , matte black and match he oversize suit jacket , by comme des garcon . emoretta stir . emoretta you must not leave . ken I must . emoretta then you must come back . he tie he shoe . emoretta ( cont would ) where be you go ? ken to visit a dead man . emoretta look at he . ken ( cont would ) he 's dead . he just do not know it yet . emoretta what will you do when you come back ? Ken practice he fast draw , several time , in front of the mirror , pause each time to brush the hair back from he forehead , Alain delon-style . ken put my head between you leg until I can no longer see . the taste of you in my mouth . and just when we both think we can not bear any more , we go on . we sex obliterate the world outside , all of it , until the dawn . and he 's out the door . emoretta wait for he footstep to disappear , and , she silk - robe body silhouett against the outsize haring print ... ... reach for the designer phone . 33 . ext . hollywood hill - night - swann in he gleam black lincoln , drive rapidly toward downtown . once again , there 's a song on the radio ; and once again , swann join in . this time , though , the song be slow , almost mournful . swann ( sing along ) " , , . here as I sit in this antique café think of you ... Notre Dame cast its long lonely shadow ... the world be my oyster but I be only a shell full of memory ... " ext . cafe karaoke - night - swann pull to a stop beneath the buzzing neon , which reflect its harsh color off the lincoln 's well - polished fender . int . cafe karaoke - night the joint be hopping . in the audience : suit- and - tie japanese executive , a few grave teenage couple , a handful of anglos . at the front , on the giant projection video screen , be a soft - core rock video , two teenager gaze with great languor at each other 's semi-nude body . the word to the song appear bounce - ball style , on the bottom of the screen . in front of the screen , a shy asian businesswoman sing into a microphone . to she right , Eddie play with knob and slider . he 's mixing she live voice into the prerecord rock video back track , add reverb , adjust eq . the businesswoman sing the final chorus in a sweet thin voice , stare demurely downward into the monitor / prompter . the teenage girl on the video screen , naked from the waist up , be sing , too . the audience listen politely . there be a figure in dark suit and dark glass , head down , seat against the far wall . int . karaoke back room - night - swann and juve at a small table . Light be from a overhead bulb , swinging in small arc above the table . there be , above they head , a television monitor on which can be see a view of the main room . juve Charles . I can not begin to tell you how glad I be you could come . 34 . swann then do not . juve you presence honors my establishment . the flattery be out of character . swann just stare at he . juve ( cont would ) I need you help . swann you say as much on the phone . juve begin to sweat . calmly , swann extract a roll of large bill from he pocket , begin peel they off , one by one . but juve wave he away . angle on the monitor a view of the main room . the asian businesswoman finish she song . the next singer be a man in a black suit -- who look very familiar .. juve and swann , talk intently , pay no attention to the screen . juve they be go to kill I , Charles . I -- ( beat ) -- I know it . int . karaoke MAIN room - as before the man on stage be none other than Ken . do a version of heartbreak Hotel . a predictable montage of urban street at night play behind he on the oversize projection screen . int . back room - as before juve I want a little money . to retire on . for my old age . not that I be not old already . do you know what it be to be my age and not have money , and not know how you be go to live ? on the monitor Ken continue to sing . swann so you do something . 35 . juve so I do something . I introduce a japanese , um , businessman . use to come by the club . to someone whom , like yourself , I would be pursue for year . the japanese man have something very small , very cold , which be very hot . the " someone " have a lot of money , and would know what to do with such a thing . I , I be to get the finder 's fee . on the monitor Ken and a accomplice , a hard guy name shoei : gun draw . the thing which Ken be say into the microphone be not song lyric , but instruction to the audience . they respond , bury they head on the counter , like nap time in kindergarten . no one peek -- especially not Eddie , who cover he entire head with a large cloth napkin . swann look at juve , gaze distractedly at the video monitor . and then , in one smooth motion , no hesitation , smashes the overhead light and push juve to the floor , cover the fat man 's body with he own , just as the door splinter , bullet rip through the plywood , shaft of bright neon club light thrust into the darken back room . int . club MAIN room - ken throw he shoulder at the door . shoei hang back . int . back room - on swann he face press against juve 's cheek . swann I be too old for this shit . Ken break through . cover by shoei , he cast a quick look around the room . not quick enough -- because swann 's arm snake out , grab he ankle , and down he go . swann and Ken grapple on the floor . swann be amazingly agile ; but Ken be 35 year young , and do this sort of thing for a live . juve pile in . shoei , afraid to shoot into the tumble of body . just behind he , the karaoke video continue to play , young lover stare into each other ' eye , ideogram bounce along the bottom of the screen to a supple pop backbeat . no vocal save the scream of the audience , peek at the action . 36 . swann , Ken , juve roll into the main room , a flail of limb . shoei back up , hold the room at bay while keep he eye on swann and juve . swann roll out toward the sushi counter , grab the chef 's knife . next thing we know , the knife sail through the air . we see shoei 's gun hand , pinion to the wall . eddie peek briefly from beneath he napkin . what he see look to make he sick , and he bury he head once more . juve give Ken a good knee to the groin , grab the heckler & koch , and run to the stage . the insipid video continue behind he . juve ( into the microphone ) no problem , no problem . his voice , thicken with delay and reverb , echoe comically . Ken groan , double over on the floor . shoei have faint . swann make for the door , pause only to shoot contemptuous glance at both Eddie and juve . juve ( cont 'd ) ( much reverb ) wait ! swann mime dial a telephone , as in " call I . " much noise and confusion as the shamble restaurant come back to life . Eddie look around , and take a long pull on a premium beer ext . karaoke bar - near dawn - swann dusting himself off , walk toward he car . juve burst out the door , run clumsily . he grab swann 's arm . swann ( count on he finger ) one , you set I up . two , you do it badly . Three -- juve when I get that note . which you say you do not send . I could have turn it over to the FBI -- interpol -- ( softly now ) I do not . ( beat ) you owe I one . 37 . swann I just pay you . a streetsweeper drift lazily up alameda in the pre-dawn glow . juve Charles , I swear I do not set you -- he stop , mid-sentence . because blood be pour out of he mouth . he look down . and there , just to the leave of he sternum , be a small bullethole . juve ( cont 'd ) ( matter of fact ) oh my god . I be go to die . swann put a arm around juve , gently cradling the man who hunt he for forty year . juve ( cont 'd ) ( softly ) halifax -- how ? swann I mail he a note perfume with amaryllis . the scent rubbed off on he hand . I lower a black widow spider , a fine silken cord , down the chimney . it go for the amaryllis , and bit . I haul it back up , gently -- juve be smile . swann ( cont would ) -- so as not to break the thread . juve pull swann close . juve mon ennemi -- mon frére -- ( beat ) mon semblable ... swann put a finger to juve 's lip . hushes he . swann the first of we will await the other . and just over swann 's shoulder , juve catch sight of the man drive the streetsweeper . it 's ken. juve tug swann 's arm . 38 . swann turn , to see the streetsweeper bear down on they . with he last strength , juve throw himself in the path of the sweeper , give swann time to escape . which he do , nimbly turn the corner into a narrow alley . even as he run , it register on swann 's face that juve have just save he life . swann run down the alley . it 's a cul - de-sac , nothing but a high brick - up wall on the other end . the sweeper turn the corner -- and just fit . Ken grin like a maniac . swann see juve , at the mouth of the alleyway , bloody , staggering . and just behind he : the streetsweeper swann ( cont 'd ) the buyer ! his name ! juve run out of breath and fall , face down , into the muck and cobblestone ground . the streetsweeper , its engine echoing loudly in the wall - off space , bear down on he , slowly , implacably . the streetsweeper - various angle the oversize wheel . the blade- like wire brushes -- one rotate clockwise , the other counterclock -- gobble everything in they path . which , right now , mean Inspector juve , retire . start with he shoe . juve flash swann a desperate " V " with he outstretch right arm -- the last of he to go . Ken stop the machine . silence . ken be Pov - the alleyway no swann . Ken move , with cat - like grace , down the alleyway , inspect the trash - bin , the seal - up window , tapping the mortar on the back - wall brick . building on two side . a brick wall at the rear . and the massive streetsweeper , sealing off the entrance . there be no way that swann could have escape . the streetsweeper back out . Ken 's deadpan nearly screen all trace of he frustration . we follow the streetsweeper as it head west on first Street , away from the dawn . 39 . the alleyway no noise , no movement , no trace of life . a few trash bin , a discard automobile fender , a drainpipe which cast a slim shadow . the shadow be perhaps three inch at its widest , not enough to hide a alleycat , let alone a man . it be from this shadow that swann emerge , tread softly toward daylight . featuring the club - the back door open , just a crack . where eddie hide , tremble , peer out , watch this man , charley swann materialize ... ... from thin air . and walk away . Eddie venture into the alleyway . and only now see the body of juve . in name , in blood , in other way Eddie have spend he life try not to acknowledge -- his father Eddie bend down , low . press he head into juve 's chest listen for a heartbeat . listen for something ... ... that 's not there . ext . temple STREET - dawn - the lincoln convertible head home . swann pass the western exterminate building , neon rat blink they way clockwise around the facade . wwe follow as swann head north , toward the hill . this time , there be no music on the radio , no singalong , just silence , as swann realize that like it or not , he early retirement have come to a abrupt end . that he can no longer continue , as he have for the past 25 year , the life he 's be live . or perhaps , he realize now -- the life he 's be pretend to live . ext . swann' house - dawn as swann pull into the driveway , lining he car up beside nora 's volvo . 40 . int . nora' bedroom - dawn the room be half a child 's , half a adult 's . on the shelf , stuff toy vie for space with hundred of book , most of they on entomology . swann bend down , gently kiss she cheek . nora smile a little in she sleep . fussily , swann adjust the cover on she bed . then go to the shelf , retrieve a ancient stuff bear which he place in the bed with he daughter int . swann' study - dawn at the bookcase , swann pull out a volume -- the hardcover of William irish 's the night have a thousand eye -- and reach into the empty space with he right hand . the entire bookcase begin to rotate , 90 degree , open into a small room beyond . int . hidden room - night - swann turn on a dim overhead bulb , which cast melodramatic shadow on the bare wall . there 's a chair , a simple table , and a stand - up steamer trunk . that 's it . swann sit down , he head bow , hand clasped as if in prayer . and , after a few extraordinarily silent moment , speak in a low , private tone . swann forgive I , céline . and then , doubt resolve , he move swiftly toward the steamer trunk , blow year of accumulate dust from the old - fashioned padlock . on the lock as swann insert the key . swann 's face be very solemn , very still . but he eye betray emotion : now fear , now the excitement of a small child on Christmas morning . swann' Pov - the trunk the lid swing open . one by one , swann pull the slide on the trunk 's interior drawer . the top one contain a amazing array of jewel : diamond emerald , ruby , most of they in art deco setting . 41 . the second one contain newspaper clipping , yellow now , some in English , some in french , all bear headline which contain the word fantomas . the third contain a variety of well - machine brass tool , some of which appear to be lock pick , some of which seem to be grapples and piton for climb . some rope , some pulley , some optical device with lense and mirror , the purpose of which we can only guess at . the fourth -- somewhat larger -- contain a dress suit : boil white shirtfront , cutaway tail , black trousers , silken top hat . and a slim , black , elegant mask , of silk moiré , cover the top of the face , two perfectly place slit for the wearer 's eye . awash with poignance , swann finger the mask he 's not wear in nearly a quarter- century . re-folds it with care . and extract in one neat motion the ring from the tailcoat 's breast pocket . it 's a large signet ring , of the type one use for stamp one 's marque in sealing wax . it 's platinum surface go slightly dull now , the ring feature a ornate , rococo F , engrave , right - to - leave , dead -center . swann' left hand - FOURTH finger as he remove he plain gold wedding band and replace it with the ring of fant6émas . int . eddie' place - day - to establish the convert garage which serve Eddie 's home . the place be fill to the brim with two of everything . there 's a couple of electric guitar ( one fender , one Gibson Les Paul ) ; a IBM PC and a macintosh ; two surfboard , one long , one short . there 's a stretch canvas of large proportion on the easel . everything be pile on top of everything else and Eddie be on a mattress on the floor , pillow pull over he head . the television blare . once again , Eddie be sleep with the tv on . on the television the anchorwoman be narrate a story . anchorwoman the slain clubowner , accord to police , be retire french police detective theophile juve . a obscure figure , juve be know in ( more ) 42 . anchorwoman ( cont would ) Europe , source report , for he unsuccessful pursuit -- someone be pound at the door . anchorwoman ( cont would ) -- of such legendary arch-criminal as fant6mas , mabuse , the insidious fu manchu . the three , who sometimes work together ina gang call the spider , be the scourge of several continent in the year after World War ii . he pad to the refrigerator , across the hundred of sheet of crumpled newspaper which cover the floor eddie cool it , I be come , I be come . anchorwoman mabuse , raise as a child within the Nazi ministry of propaganda , kill himself in a insane asylum in Germany in 1957 . Doctor fu manchu , who would now be one hundred twenty year old , be believe dead . fantomas , still officially at large , have not be hear from since the seventies . Eddie pull the handle on the corrugate metal garage door stand there be swann , backlit by daylight . swann surf 's up . eddie it 's Sunday . swann all day . swann take a step to the side , allow the sunlight to hit Eddie full in the face . swann ( cont 'd ) we need to talk , young man . Eddie cover he eye . swann push he backwards , the newspaper- line floor crackle loudly with each step . swann put one foot behind Eddie 's ankle and , with the tip of one finger , send Eddie sprawling . anchorwoman last night 's kill at the café karaoke may have close the book on a colorful chapter in the history of crime . 43 . swann grab the dropcloth which cover 's Eddie 's desk . witha conjurer 's deat flick of the wrist , swann yank the dropcloth free . there be a great clatter -- but each and every one of the object on Eddie 's desk land in place . swann I could just as easily snap you neck . Eddie , surveying the room , be force to agree . swann ( cont 'd ) what happen last night ? eddie you be there . swann take a can of beer , pour it into the airvent on top of the macintosh . fume arise from within as the thing short out . swann do not make I repeat myself . eddie I do not know anything more than you know . swann Nice stick . he pick up one of the surfboard , hurl it through the nearly finish painting . eddie this kind of shit 's suppose to make I trust you ? ( beat ) juve be do fine -- until you send he that note . swann I be do quite well myself . until you Mr juve show up on my doorstep . eddie all he want be a decent burial . swann and where be he go to get the money for he decent burial ? eddie he would make a introduction . swann I know that . 44 . eddie between a japanese guy with a hot piece of silicon . swann I know that . eddie and some rich guy be go to buy it . swann I know that . eddie that 's all I know . swann you think I be fuck around ? all restraint lose , swann storm and hurl , turn the room into a complete shamble . his rage be terrifying . when nearly everything in the room be break , he pick up the fender , prepare to smash it , Pete townsend -style . something make he stop . he put the guitar down , and back Eddie up against the wall . the two , inch apart , breathe into each other ' face . swann ( cont 'd ) I be sorry . but I could have be kill last night . I need some answer . and now some -- slacker -- can not remember what he eat for breakfast . swann pick up the fender telecaster once more , examine it carefully . it 's a classic . swann ( cont 'd ) what year ? eddie sixty-two . swann Nice . swann place the guitar gently against the wall . Eddie look at swann : a man who threaten to break neck , but who stop at damaging a old guitar . he 's impressed . finally : Eddie reach into he pocket , come up with a piece of paper . it 's a call slip from the karaoke bar . 45 . eddie the first time he come 'round the club to talk to juve , he fill this out . gondo Ken . the song he request be j- 9 . swann what be that ? eddie " heartbreak Hotel . " Eddie point to the newspaper on the floor . smile . attempt a bravado he can not quite carry off : eddie ( cont 'd ) burglar alarm . anyone try to sneak up on I in my sleep , I hear ‘em : crunch crunch crunch . swann just ... ... look at he . int . swann' house - day nora , irone a shirt . swann , emerge from the bathroom , wrap in a thick turkish robe . swann you do not have to do that nora someone have to look after you . swann be you forget ? she look at he : swann ( cont would ) if you know how to iron a shirt -- ( beat ) it 's because I teach you . he study she work . swann ( cont would ) placket first . nora where have you be ? 46 . swann then the cuff . the sleeve , inside out . the collar -- nora how do you get yourself so dirty ? what have you - - ( beat ) done to yourself ? swann -- the front with the buttonhole , the back the front with the button . nora where be you go ? swann you do a good job , on the collar . now , only now : he smile . swann ( cont would ) thank you . ext . chinatown - day - swann' lincoln glide up alameda to the Chinatown gate . ext . the doctor' office - day swann--elegant once more --enter a elaborately carve door do up in han dynasty style . int . the doctor' reception area - day the wait room of a man know simply as " the Doctor , " a specialist in herbal remedy and , from time to time , other more violent cure . there be perhaps 15 chinese - - old and young , man and woman , mostly quite poor -- wait they turn . receptionist do you have a appointment ? swann tell he a man call himself mister Charles swann be here to see he . tell he that man say , " it be urgent . " swann sit down , leaf through a ancient copy of argosy . 47 . receptionist Mr. swann ? swann stand up , endure the stare of 15 pair of eye . int . the doctor' office - day Three wall be line with jar and box of herb and medicament , label in a variety of foreign language . the fourth wall look out onto the Chinatown mall . there be a leather examination table , and a desk . in contrast to the general clutter , the massive teak desk be absolutely bare , with the sole exception of a clear glass apothecary jar , in which what seem to be a pickle float in formaldehyde . behind the desk be a chinese man with wrinkle skin and a wispy white beard . it would scarcely be possible to imagine anyone older . swann I be look for a japanese gentleman by the name of gondo Ken . the doctor patience . the Doctor lean back in he chair . the doctor ( cont would ) in my office we observe certain formality . beginning with , " hello . " swann forgive I . hello , Doctor . it give I great pleasure to see you once more , and I be grateful that you could fit I in on such short notice . the doctor the pleasure , Mr. swann , be mine . the Doctor reach under he desk and pull out two water tumbler , and a brown glass bottle of something very old . he pour . the doctor ( cont would ) so. you be look for the man who kill Inspector juve . swann Word get around . 48 . the doctor I suppose you want to thank he for the favor ? swann permit himself a smile . the doctor ( cont would ) the man dispose of a particularly irksome inspector . yet you act as if the inspector be you friend ; and he assailant you enemy . why , Mr. swann ? the world have so many inspector . he lift he glass . the doctor ( cont 'd ) and so few of we . swann ( toast ) May there never be fewer . swann take a sip of the pungent cordial , pull a face . the Doctor gesture toward the window . the doctor the chinese be bring here to build the railroad . we be useful because we work hard , and be fungible . do you know what that mean , Mr. swann ? that one of we be the same as any other . when there be obstacle in the course of the railroad , most often they would lower a basket with a chinaman and several stick of dynamite . if the dynamite go off prematurely , well , the fine for kill a chinaman be fifty dollar . swann realize that the Doctor be lead up to something . the doctor ( cont would ) we settle in what be now downtown . but there be great racial feel against we . many be kill on the street , for the simple crime of be who we be . we build elaborate tunnel , under what be now downtown LA , to hide from we pursuer . the Doctor point out the window . the doctor ( cont would ) this part of town , this theme park Chinatown , be build after World War two by real estate speculator . White speculator . and yet we move here , into this travesty , because there be no place else in town they would let we live in peace . 49 . swann sip he drink . the doctor ( cont would ) in the 1950s , when the white of Los Angeles begin to realize how much they hate the black , and the hispanics , they forget to pay such close attention to that with yellow skin . and so the japanese , so recently we enemy , be allow to move into downtown . " Little Tokyo . " occupy the very land that have be ours . ( with great and terrible derision : ) " infiniti . " " Lexus . " " miata . " ( beat ) forgive I , Mr. swann , if I snort swann seem to sense , with relief , where all this be lead . the doctor ( cont would ) normally , Mr. swann , the code would insist I protect any soul brave enough to eliminate a policeman . but I can not bring myself to care , one way or another , what happen to this japanese gentleman , this gondo Ken . who be in residence at the Hotel mondrian , room 313 . swann I do not know how to thank you . the doctor it seem , Mr. swann , that I may live forever . so there will be time and time for you to express you thanks . provide , of course , that you be around to express they . which you might be , if you avoid act of stupidity . swann be that a threat ? the doctor to avenge the death of a policeman be a act of stupidity . ( beat ) it be almost the definition of stupidity . swann head for the door , whose frame have be build somewhat low . swann you would not happen to know who gondo Ken have be do business with ? the Doctor stare at the apothecary jar . its content : a long , thin object , beyond recognition . 50 . the doctor patience , Mr. swann . patience and irony . for a longer life . ext . HOTEL mondrian - day several police car , a ambulance , siren , blaring horn , much commotion , in front of the hotel 's ( very hip ) entrance . in the center of the chaos : the silk -robe body of emoretta , gondo Ken 's paramour , splay out at odd , break - doll angle in the middle of the boulevard . Police criminalist be mark , with yellow paint , the position of she lifeless body . the coroner 's men lift she onto a stretcher , leave a familiar outline , white paint on black asphalt , reminiscent of nothing so much as the keith haring print which loom above the bed , where she and Ken make love . ext . sunset boulevard - day - swann' lincoln catch in traffic . as he turn the curve toward La cienega , the traffic narrow into one lane , and swann be able to see why : the block - off area in front of the mondrian . swann ( to himself ) I be like juve now . ( beat ) always one step behind . swann pull he car to the curb , stride toward the hotel . he contemplate the paint white outline . watch as emoretta 's body be lift into the ambulance . and overhear the duty Officer speak into he radio . duty officer apb for Ken gondo . George Orange nostril Dog Orange . japanese , five foot seven , slim , black hair . must be consider armed and dangerous . int . HOTEL mondrian - third floor hallway the entrance to the best room in the house , now cordon off with yellow " crime scene " tape . guard by two buff cop . swann , now sport a thick moustache and horn-rimmed glass walk directly up to they without break stride . 51 . swann ( with immense authority ) come through . cop hold it . crime scene . swann give he best " do not - you-know - who- I - be " stare . cop ( cont 'd ) coroner 's order . in one seamless gesture , swann cough , raise he leave hand to he mouth . as he right hand dart behind he to extract the wallet of a cop stride down the corridor . swann flip open the wallet , present the gold badge , as if it have be in he hand all along . cop ( cont 'd ) sorry , sir . do not recognize you . int . HOTEL mondrian suite - day - swann navigate he way unobtrusively between various detective and forensics expert , busy dusting for print , put evidence sample in zip - loc bag , etc . swann head straight for the closet and , cover with he back , go through the pocket of Ken 's jacket and trousers . various angle - close swann 's haul . some loose change . a set of key . and a Olympus 35 mm autofocus pocket camera . int . one - hour foto - day a photo shop in a pod mall on sunset boulevard . swann be pace back and forth , the now -empty Olympus swinging from he leave hand . on the photo as they emerge in a strip from the print machine : * Ken and hideki in front of the gamble House in pasadena . * Ken and hideki at clifton 's cafeteria . * emoretta , in bed , wear a diaphanous negligee . 52 . ext . laurel canyon blvd . - day - swann in he lincoln , pause at the light as he head steeply uphill from sunset . he shuffles through the deck of photograph . * more cheesecake shot of emoretta . * Ken and hideki in front of Mann 's chinese theater * hideki in front of the watt tower . * hideki in front of the watt tower , another angle . * hideki , he arm wrap around one of the tower . full on the lincoln as swann execute a serious high - speed u-turn , across three lane of traffic , point he car back downhill . as he floor the accelerator , he steer with one hand , use the other to remove the false moustache . ext . watt tower - dusk Sam rodia 's magnificent , homemade monument . glitter spire fashioned of smashed crockery , pot shard , bottlecap , small mirror , all embed in cement around a armature of rusted structural steel . swann , some distance away , by the abandon railroad track keep a low profile . use a old , comfortable pair of binocular , he scan the tower patiently , as if he 's be wait a long time , and be prepare to wait a lot longer . a solitary guard lock the gate , lock the door to the shedlike tower Museum , get into a old , batter camaro . now it 's just past sundown . abruptly a black Honda prelude SI with tinted window , black bumper , black wheel skirt , slide to a halt in front of the entrance . gondo Ken , in a black karate outfit , get out of the Honda , scale the fence with a practice ease , disappear over the top . within moment , Ken be scale Tower 2 . swann get out of he lincoln , close the door quietly . swann look at the fence , decide whether to duplicate Ken 's agile leap . think the better of it , he extract a thin piece of metal from he breast pocket , and go to work on the 53 . padlock . as he work the lock he glance up , from moment to moment , at the Tower . swann' Pov : what seem to be Ken , still atop the Tower . the lock span open . swann carefully open the gate -- only to find himself stare at a barechest gondo Ken . stare , in fact , down the barrel of the matte black heckler & koch . look up , to the top of the tower , he realize that what he 's be look at be Ken 's karate shirt , flap in the wind . Ken throw swann a pair of handcuffs . ken a taste , if you will , of you own medicine , yes ? fasten yourself to the tower please . carefully , Ken take two step forward , cuff swann 's other wrist to the iron armature . ken ( cont 'd ) my apology . I kill that smarmy frenchman when the person I should have kill be you . I should have do it year ago . in fact , if my father have kill you parent before you be bear , it would have spare the world a great many tear . swann I think you be make a mistake . ken you man kill my father . they leave I for dead . they throw my lover out the window . there 's a warrant out for my arrest and my best matsuda sport jacket be in a hotel room I can not go back to . some kind of mistake ? I do not think so . swann I wish I have know . I would have bring you jacket . ken in the old day , when a man behave as you have , we would show he photograph of a arouse nature . and then , when he penis be erect , jam a thin glass rod down the slit . a couple of blow with a hammer be sufficient to shatter that glass rod into hundred of small , painful fragment . of which the man would be aware , for the rest of he life , every time he would urinate . unless , of course he choose to end the agony by cut off he own cock . 54 . swann , listen . ken ( cont 'd ) this be not the old day . I will content myself , quite simply , with you death . and with the pleasure that you will never get you hand on the chip , Mr. fantémas . with he leave hand , Ken hold up a small object , no larger than a tie pin . swann my name be Charles swann . the person you call fant6mas retire , twenty - five year ago . I be sorry about you father , whom I never have the pleasure of meeting , and about you woman friend . but I have nothing to do with they death , nothing at all . with great contempt , Ken fling , at he foot , the bloodstain fantomas business card with the " 0 " shot through . ken I have think you be evil . now I see what you really be . which be : a coward . squeeze the grip , he cock the automatic , pump a round into the chamber . ken ( cont 'd ) in the name of my father . Ken take steady aim . swann gaze implacably into the face of he assassin . we hear someone whistling : the syncopate triplet of the main theme , bach 's Sixth cello suite . a shot ring out . a ricochet 's nasty whine , as a section of the Tower 's fragile mosaic explode into dust abruptly Ken fall to the ground , dead -- as swann stare in amazement . swann look up to see lem hardt , smoke wafting upward from the muzzle of a cz - 75 . lem walk over to the fell body of gondo Ken , and prize from the lifeless leave hand the small object which cost the life of gondo hideki , juve , emoretta , now Ken . take he time , lem turn he gun toward swann . for the second time in less than a minute , swann face the end of the line . lem look at it this way . if I have not show up you would already be dead . 55 . lem take aim . but before he can fire , a figure , backlit by the headlight of a white roll royce , call out to he . hollywood hold . Hollywood walk over to the foot of the tower . swann' Pov - a beard figure he feature half - see in the harsh backlight . swann , squinting , find the face tantalizingly familiar . hollywood ( cont 'd ) not yet . Hollywood choke : a paroxysm of cough . cover he hand with he mouth . swann watch they walk away . something in Hollywood 's voice -- and gesture -- be frighteningly familiar . following lem and hollywood lem we take it down to the lab , have the guy dissect it , draw diagram , put it into production -- hollywood with we own , um , " improvement , " of course . lem of course . they get into the white roll . swann watch as it turn away , north , leave the ghetto . and then he gaze at he own manacle hand . swann ( to himself ) I should be dead . why be I not dead ? he gaze at the damage to the tower , where a section of the crockery mosaic have be blow away by lem 's hollow - point bullet . swann ( cont 'd ) vandal . 56 . and then swann , who 's be hold he thin lockpick in he mouth , go to work on the handcuffs . int . swann' kitchen - morning - swann pour water through a coffee filter full of freshly ground bean . we hear the sound of water run somewhere else in the house . swann continue pour with a gentle circular motion quite rapt . nora enter , hair wet . swann take a second bowl from the shelf , heat up some milk . swann this be you mother 's bowl . she and she father use to drink out of they , every morning , on the rue mouffetard . nora begin to read the newspaper . swann ( cont would ) it be a street with cobblestone , a market street , very old , in the fifth arrondissement you should go there some day , take a look . nora it 's Monday . you always say that the flannel cake at musso 's be at they best on monday . swann I be little tired today . I think I will stay in and read . swann pour the milk and coffee , twin-handed . and reach for the paper . swann ( cont would ) the young man Eddie . more spunk than Mr. killer bee , but still , too young I think . throw he back . here . you mother 's bowl . nora I be twenty - four year old . I make my own live . I have a postdoctoral fellowship -- swann -- and you do not want I run you social life . she look at he . 57 . swann ( cont would ) what you do not understand -- how fragile life be . how vulnerable . you mother , may she rest in peace -- nora fling she coffee bowl across the room . nora you sit in that goddam chair and all I hear about -- ( beat ) mother. mother . she walk quickly about the room . nora ( cont would ) this be America ! you can breathe ! you can -- walk outside ! ( beat ) it 's not sarajevo ! it 's not -- ( spat out : ) dien Bien phu ! calmly , deliberately , without any fuss at all , swann pick up the shard of the break bowl , place they on a sheet of newspaper , try to make they fit . he 's good with he hand -- but the fragment be just too small . swann if something be to happen to you . I would never rest . nora oh , Jesus . swann a father 's duty be to protect he family . someday , you will understand this . nora someday , when I have child of my own ? swann 's eye be catch by something in the newspaper . swann be Pov - the newspaper , business section a story about industrialist Victor Hollywood , conglomerateur extraordinaire . Hollywood , the article say , have just tender a offer for another company , this one call infotech , a microchip manufacturing plant in carson . the photo feature Hollywood smile broadly , wave he raise right hand arm ina " v " of victory . on the photo - closer 58 . the smile , bearded face . you can almost see it silhouett by the white roll headlight , uttering offhandedly the word that spare -- for that moment -- swann 's life . nora ( cont would ) and now be I suppose have that child , if you will not let I leave the house ? closer on the photo of Victor Hollywood . his gesture : V for victory . V for Victor nora ( cont 'd ) I have to get to work . swann I can fix breakfast for myself , thank you . we watch swann 's face as he recall where he last see that particular gesture . a few day back , in a downtown alleyway , the final silent word of theophile juve . on the television monitor , the anchorwoman be introduce a story . last night 's murder , it seem . with live coverage from the watt tower . swann ( cont would ) just worry about yourself . int . hidden room - day - swann once again among he fantémas object . the opera cape . the cane . the classic paraphernalia . we watch he finger the object , one by one , as if each one hold its own special poignance . and then , like a samurai prepare for battle , swann take up the black moire silk mask . he wrap it around he face , for the first time in 25 year . it fit , exactly : the mask 's slit coincide perfectly with he steely eye , slightly moist now , gaze into the middle distance . on a high shelf : the fragment of céline 's break bowl , not quite fitte together -- something from another time . ext . victor hollywood's estate - malibu - night the pleasure dome , main entrance . the formal gate , of wringht iron , have , dead -center , Hollywood 's monogram : a bauhaus -style 59 . h behind a topiary hedge be a very serious electrify fence , top with concertina wire , surveille by video camera . we see swann 's lincoln convertible , top down , empty , largely conceal by the dense cliffside shrubbery . a little further along : a small hole dig beneath the chain -link . and just beyond , a bow of the electrify wire , just wide enough for person to squeeze through . on the mansion , one wall of which be be scale by a just visible figure . all in black , fantémas mask wrap tightly around he face , swann move from handhold to handhold , slowly upward . his body be sixty - odd year old ; but as if the ring and the mask grant he a special grace he move without hesitation . we begin to hear the sound of voice from inside the mansion . int . hollywood's boardroom - night the room from which Hollywood conduct he business . one entire wall be fill , floor to ceiling , with television monitor . in the middle of the room be a large circular desk of ebony and rosewood , equip with build - in phone and terminal . we begin to get a sense of the reach of Hollywood 's empire . around the circumference : three of Hollywood 's most trust associate , all eye direct inward , to the circle 's dead center , in which be a large red leather chair . the dealer 's spot . at the moment occupy by Victor Hollywood , in a nylon jogging jacket , terrycloth sweatband around he wrist , like any beverly Hills mogul work from home . on he right hand , in the power spot and not by accident , be lem hardt . to he leave be a smarmy yes - man , elliot west . across the table : warren sirota , chief wonk , technical division . hollywood it would be possible , in this situation , to get something for nothing . to use the weakness of other to we own clever advantage . that would be the way of the fox . West grin , perhaps a bit too smugly , think he 's win . hollywood ( cont would ) the time , however -- lem , triumphant . 60 . ext . mansion - night - swann hang from a rope as he work he way up to a partly open third - story window . there be a light mist of sweat on he face as he start to show exertion for the first time . hollywood ( vo ) -- call for the lion . int . hollywood's boardroom - as before sirota what we have in the vault upstairs be four generation beyond current Intel product let 's call it a 80986 : a novium . west forgive I -- but we can not be the only people who will be manufacturing this thing . hollywood just the first . and the only one to implant , within the cpu itself , some rather special feature . one of the video monitor along the far wall be now display a shot of the exterior of the mansion . there be a slight disturbance in the video picture , barely discernible , just at the threshold of what we can perceive . ext . mansion - night a black - clad figure against the black night , lift himself , foot - first , through a upper-story window . int . boardroom - as before hollywood we can hide a gigabyte of rom -- we rom -- invisibly , within . he begin to pace hollywood ( cont would ) it tell the cpu to use the sound card as a microphone . to monitor the static deflection cause by light fall on the crt . in short this chip transmit . a eye and ear in every office -- some bedroom too , I would imagine . obligatory laughter . 61 . hollywood ( cont would ) we have a pilot program in place . we have put the rom in some five thousand television set , mostly hotel . Mr. sirota , if you will -- could you access number one one three one ? the number clearly be not pick at random . because on the video monitor , we can see the picture ( blurry ) and hear the sound ( quite clear ) of a fat , middle - age man , tie to a bed , be whipped by a young woman in a black lace bustier . hollywood ( cont 'd ) each installation currently cost we eighteen thousand dollar . with the chip , twenty - three cent apiece . " at certain point , a change in quantity become a change in quality . " unquote Karl marx . or be it scary spice ? I get they confuse . obligatory laughter , lead by West int . hollywood's master bathroom - night somewhat smaller than dodger Stadium . clean white tile , floor to ceiling , exercise machine , sauna , steam , a sink bathtub you could do lap in . swann tread the tile with a extraordinarily light step , make no noise whatsoever along the ceiling , at various point , be sound sensor , part of the alarm system -- which , one by one , swann plug with silly putty . on the wall be a frame salvador dali oil painting : melting watch in a surreal landscape , encase in plexiglas against water damage . swann notice a video camera in the corner train directly on the painting . and turn on the shower , hot , full blast . int . boardroom - as before the video display . one of the screen show the dali , which blur to grey as the condensation from the shower mist up the lens . int . the bathroom - as before - swann notice a thin beam of laser - light , at eye level , crossing the room inch in front of the dali . swann think for just a moment , then pick up a hand - mirror from the sink , and a small compact disc player from the bathtub 's edge . 62 . swann 's elegant , capable finger locate the laser arm , bend it upward . he place the CD player in front of the portrait positioning it with supreme care . with one confident flourish swann pull the hand - mirror down into the alarm - beam at a 45 ° angle . the electric eye at the end of the tile wall be now receive not the alarm - beam , but the laser - light from the CD , bounce off of the mirror . the dali now unprotect , swann slide it upwards , to reveal the dial of a sink wall safe . int . boardroom - as before hollywood there 's another feature within the chip which bear some mention . it 's the one which flash subliminal message to anyone watch television , or work at a personal computer . you know : eat at joe be . or maybe , vote for victor . assistant # 2 contraindication ? lem shrug . assistant # 2 ( cont 'd ) downside ? hollywood well , this would not exactly be the best time for the newspaper to be look into my past . int . bathroom - as before - swann have attach a electromagnet to the outside of the safe door now he reach into he black coat for a vial of iron filing which he throw at the safe . the filing stick . now , as swann 's practice hand work the combination lock , the filing re-align in complex moire pattern . swann be all concentration gaze intently at the pattern as they tell he which way to twist the dial . on swann - tight just he eye , through the fantémas mask . 63 . int . boardroom - as before hollywood the only people who might talk about that , ah , part of my history be in this room . with two exception . the one , as you know , be the chancellor , of , what 's that country ? the laughter come more easily now . hollywood ( cont would ) the other be a old , old friend . and ina manner of speak -- on the video monitor : as the bathroom condensation evaporate from the camera lens , we see , quite unmistakably , the figure of Charles swann , black clothes and black mask , bent before the wall safe . int . security room - night the alarm light begin to flash . at the big desk proctor GEORGE , Hollywood 's white - haire head of security , whisper order into he phone handset . George 's security team -- three goons in 3 - piece pinstripe , with gold " vh " medallion pin to they pocket -- pick up they uzis and begin to fan out . ( it 's what the secret service would look like , if bijan be elect President . ) int . boardroom - as before hollywood -- I have already send for he . the progress of the security team , as follow on four different monitor . Hollywood be stand now , speak into a hand -held mike , in front of the wall of video monitor , like a rockstar , ora karaoke singer . hollywood ( cont 'd ) ( into the microphone ) silence , gentleman . speed , order , silence . no one shoot , no one get hurt . 64 . ext . corridor - just outside the bathroom door a uzi , separate from swann 's head by six inch and a wooden door . two more gun , cocked with a thin , metallic " click , " train on the door . int . bathroom - as before - swann work the safe . we watch he finger , and the almost abstract display of iron filing , shifting this way and that . swann be a model of composure . he be stare at the safe , as if he could open it by the force of he gaze alone . then , as if in response , the safe open ! Inside : a thick stack of yellowing envelope ( love letter ? ) bound in wine -re ribbon . a exquisite diamond and platinum necklace . and a small black chip -- the novium - - the size and shape of a tie tack . swann grab the necklace . and change posture entirely , as if the air have be let out of he . one moment before , he be a man of pride and elegance ; now he seem old , and defeat . there be a tremble in he reach as he take the chip . with what 's leave of he energy , swann reach up , pull the putty from one of the " hide " microphone . unty he silk mask , use it to wipe the condensation from the monitor camera . and look directly into the lens . int . boardroom - the monitor all of they now carry the same image . swann , repeat and repeat , 24 pair of eye stare balefully down . swann you son of a bitch . we see he turn he back on the camera in a gesture of utter contempt . int . bathroom - as before - swann walk away from the camera . and then , in one swift , elegant sweep , grab the electromagnet from the safe and clamp it to the videocamera which have be monitoring he . 65 . int . boardroom - the monitor complete pointillist static . hollywood ( into the microphone ) hold he ! int . upstair corridor - night - the security squad break the bathroom door . int . the bathroom no swann . they rush to the open window . ext . hollywood be mansion - night swann , slowly lowering himself by rope down to the lawn . a spotlight hit and hold . above he , the three security guard , gun train . below : proctor George , he uzi train steadily on the descend figure . Hollywood emerge from the mansion . proctor GEORGE " no violator life to talk . " you rule , Mr. Hollywood . hollywood do not be a ass . George look at Hollywood . lower he gun , walk away . signal he man to do the same . swann take he time ; then , with a flourish , drop the last six or so foot to the ground , landing like a cat . close on swann and hollywood it 's just the two of they now . hollywood ( cont 'd ) fant6mas . swann mabuse . 66 . hollywood Friends call I Victor swann say nothing . hollywood ( cont would ) climb up the side of building . at you age . ( beat ) you could have get yourself -- swann just stare . his face have never be more full of hatred than it be at this moment . finally : swann the necklace be the one I give to céline on we anniversary . you have no right to it . hollywood " right " ? swann she be wear it the night she die . Hollywood say nothing . swann ( cont would ) when the police pull she car . from the bottom of the lake . it be never find . hollywood I guess I get there first . swann what could it possibly mean to you ? hollywood the necklace for the chip . swann hold the chip in he palm , contemplate , then hand it over . Hollywood give he the necklace . swann I owe you nothing now . they look at each other . hollywood I miss she too . the remark be too much for swann to bear . all control go , he leap on Hollywood , hand around the other 's neck 67 . we have never see swann with so little restraint . it be truly frightening . swann how do she die ? dammit ! how do she die ? within moment , the guard have separate they . Hollywood stand there , slightly bruise , breathe heavily , suppress he cough . swann 's hair dishevel , and he impeccable starch white shirtfront be miss a stud . hollywood you tell I . swann be freeze . hollywood ( cont would ) you would not let she go . you would not let she live . she be die inside and you do not even see . and when she make she choice -- swann I do not want to hear this ! hollywood you never have . the two man stare at each other for the longest while . proctor George walk slowly up to Hollywood . proctor GEORGE my turn ? hollywood no . Hollywood brushes the grass and dirt off he shoulder . his face be thin , draw . he 's be triumphant in present the news to he associate , victorious against swann -- but you would not know it from he face , which register no joy . just a dry cough . hollywood ( cont would ) leave he he dignity . following swann as , courtesy of Hollywood , he walk back to he car . he 's limping slightly . and he shoulder have a stoop we have not see before . as if , for the first time , he 's be defeat . 68 . ext . hollywood mansion - night - swann gun the motor of the ' 61 lincoln and zoom off , head south down the Pacific Coast highway . ext . pacific coast highway - toward dawn the lincoln turn inland , up the wind road , toward mulholland . int . swann' secret room - dawn swann , take from he watch pocket the microchip -- the real novium , not the dress - shirt stud he hand to Hollywood . he put be in the drawer . and let he finger run , listlessly , across the necklace ... his revery be interrupt by the high whistle -- from the kitchen upstairs - - of a teakettle . ext . nora' bedroom - dawn swann and nora , have tea and pastry , eat off a breakfast - in - bed tray that swann have carry into he daughter 's room . he 's dress ; she 's still in bed , in a long white flannel nightgown . outside the window the sky be blue , the cloud fluffy and white the air transparent . one of that day , you understand why someone might want to live in Los Angeles . she sip at she tea . then : nora how do you meet ? swann " how " ? nora just -- just , the " how . " swann ahh. well. ( beat ) there be many way of tell the story -- nora tell this one . swann more tea ? then : on nora 69 . swann ( cont would ) it start with a book . a extraordinary book . twenty thousand leagues under the Sea . the first hetzel edition . leather , and gold leaf , and each signature sewn by hand . you have never see such beautiful work . you look at the cover , and you know , that the world be inside , just wait to be open up . take this all in . swann ( cont would ) I see it at a bookstall , a bouquiniste , on the leave bank of the seine . I would visit -- many time . it be priced fairly , for what it be , but well beyond the mean of someone such as I . nora take a cube of sugar , lift it with delicate silver tong drop it carefully into she tea . swann ( cont would ) then I could stand it no more . I go back one day , at close time to -- ( choose he word carefully : ) obtain the book . and -- ( beat ) it be go . the book to the right , the book to the leave , and in between -- Air he lean back , he eye lose in revery . he put gesture : swann ( cont would ) all the bookseller could tell I , be that it have be purchase , a scant hour previous , by a beautiful , intelligent charming young woman . the most enchant woman , he would ever meet in he life . ( beat ) he know not where she live , or what she do -- nor she last name . just -- that she call herself céline . he hand on that of he daughter . a small , fugitive but it 's the first time we have see they touch . swann ( cont would ) céline . six letter . all I have to go on . ( beat ) I wander the city of Paris , my mind on fire . céline . céline . at dawn , scan the line ( more ) a beat . 70 . swann ( cont would ) at the boulangery . the museum , the park by day . twilight , haunt every bohemian café a woman who love Jules verne might go . ( beat ) nothing . then : nora you look all you life . circle the globe . and never find she . ( beat ) " the end . " swann actually laugh . swann of course I find -- of course we find each other . ( beat ) quai henri iv , on the tle de la cité . where the seine split in two . you look up , and you see the pont neuf . you look out , and you see -- the world . I be there , beneath the bridge on my way from -- a appointment . it be July . the sky , as they will , open up . from bright sun , to conflagration , in the blink of a eye . he look out to the canyon , the city beyond . swann ( cont would ) a young woman , about to get soak . I , with a green umbrella , large enough for two . just that -- ( beat ) simple . as she father talk , nora 's eye begin to gleam -- to glisten . swann 's gaze be elsewhere : swann ( cont would ) we walk . I introduce myself . she respond in kind . and when she say , just like that , I still hear it , when she say -- ( beat ) moi , je m'appelle céline . ( beat ) well , I know it be she . he fuss with he cloth napkin . wiping , with great delicacy , every last crumb from he mouth . swann ( cont would ) and , of course , it be . 71 . he look up . to discover that ... ... in a restrain and utterly silent way ... ...his daughter be cry . swann ( cont would ) nora . nora . she say nothing . the tear fall , silently , down she face . swann ( cont would ) more tea ? a beat . then : swann ( cont would ) I can -- show you the book ? on swann not realize that of all the thing he could have say ... ... this offer , by far , the least comfort . on nora stare , at she father ; and then , past he -- -- as , head down , he walk out of the room . ext . san juan bautista - day a Catholic mission in the old style . from the adobe tower , a bell toll sonorously . int . san juan bautista - day a old - style Mission interior , dark light stream in through stain - glass window . at the altar , a age priest , father barragan , be read from a type manuscript . in the audience -- perhaps five people . among they : Eddie , ina second - hand black -on- blue sharkskin suit , Kennedy -era . barragan -- to the rank of Chief Inspector . not a honorific give lightly . and what do theophile juve do with this lofty position ? do he accept the quotidian graft which , in ( more ) 72 . barragan ( cont would ) that day , be the daily bread of the inspector ? do he look the other way ? he shake he head balefully : no . barragan ( cont would ) instead , he selflessly devote he life to the pursuit of that spidery criminal too dangerous , too evil for other to pursue . the insidious fu manchu . the heinous mabuse . and perhaps blackest of all , fantémas . nora , dress in black , enter the church tentatively . and seat herself in the back row . barragan ( cont would ) many time he come near to meting out the justice this archcriminal so richly deserve . in 1961 , he do what no other policeman , before or since , have ever do : he apprehend fantémas . that villain 's subsequent escape -- from the very neckrest of the guillotine -- in no way cast shadow upon theophile juve 's unique achievement . barragan take a hasty gulp from a glass of " water . " Eddie look back to see nora . barragan ( cont would ) after he retirement from the sdreté nationale , theophile juve make he home in Los Angeles , where he generosity and sunny disposition brighten the day of all that with whom he come in contact . never one to dwell on the past , this man , this father , this citizen - - ext . san juan bautista - day as eight hire pallbearer carry the coffin contain the remain of theophile juve down to the cemetery . behind they , the mourner , all three of they : Eddie , nora , and Father barragan . nora I come because my father would not Eddie say nothing . one of the pallbearer , a frail old man , seem to stumble . Eddie tap he on the shoulder , take he place . as he step aside , we see that the frail old man be , in fact , the doctor . nora ( cont 'd ) this priest be always so -- florid . 73 . Eddie hand barragan a envelope full of money . barragan hand Eddie the typescript . eddie I write it . nora ( genuine : ) I be sorry -- eddie the way I look at he -- he should get the kind of speech he would have want . nora what be all that arch-criminal stuff ? all that -- mabuse ? fantémas ? eddie you do not know , do you ? nora shake she head . they walk , three step , in silence . then : nora be you okay ? eddie I be fine . nora be you -- eddie I be fine . ( beat ) you know how they say , he be like a father to I ? well , my father -- ( beat ) he be not . she look at he . take he hand . press it . eddie ( cont 'd ) do you ever miniature golf ? as he talk , we notice the pallbearer directly in front of Eddie . eddie ( cont would ) there 's a really great course out at oxnard . one side be castle -- 74 . a old man , with a fully white beard and a black flat - brimm hat which cover most of he face . eddie ( cont would ) -- the other : windmills . we can see what Eddie can not : that the pallbearer be Mr. Charles swann . ext . gravesite - day by the side of the grave be Mr. Victor Hollywood , thin and pale . he 's surround by three bodyguard and a video crew . as the funeral cortege approach , Hollywood be make good eye contact with the local news reporter . hollywood when I come to this town , I do not know a soul in California . and thanks to the kindness of ordinary citizen , like mister juve , may he rest in peace , I be able to begin to do business . when there be no reason to give I the time of day , mister juve pay attention . today , it would be just as easy to stay home , gaze at the Pacific . but he be there for I , and now it 's my turn to come through for he ... the pallbearer approach . as he catch sight of Hollywood , swann 's face , beneath the false beard , tighten with tension . the Doctor whisper in swann 's ear . the doctor we have we rule about funeral . always have . you know that . swann say nothing . the doctor ( cont would ) besides , it would be suicide . on the grave as they lower the casket into the ditch . Father barragan take another gulp from he flask , recite he prayer in Latin . Hollywood bow he head . swann throw a small bouquet of red rose on top of the casket , which be quickly cover up with a spadeful of dirt . soon nothing be visible of the remain of theophile juve . Hollywood linger with the news reporter . 75 . hollywood hey , Larry . here 's one . frenchman walk into a bar . he say , " what eez eet , ze polar bear ? " bartender say -- swann , hearing Hollywood , miss a step . one by one , the mourner walk off . except for Eddie and nora , who walk off together . ext . pacific coast highway - day nora 's volvo , head south . int . nora' volvo - day nora drive , Eddie , foot up on the dash , look for a good station on the radio . he find one -- loud rock ' n ' roll -- but it 's clear , from the expression on nora 's face , that she do not like it . Eddie listen until the chorus , then turn it down . eddie you do not like it . nora no. finally : eddie he chop up everything in my goddam place -- nora that 's father . eddie -- except for the guitar . nora good thing you both like music . int . clifton' cafeteria - day a cavernous cafeteria in downtown LA , complete with indoor waterfall , a stuff moose , and a fairy - tale cottage overlook the imitation forest . the customer have see better day . swann and the Doctor fit right in . swann you call I sentimental ? what be you do there ? 76 . the doctor pay respects . and protect a old friend . swann I can take care of myself just fine , thank you . the doctor can you ? can you scale wall ? do you speak japanese ? would you know what to do with a novium chip be one to fall into you hand ? swann I can scale a wall . the Doctor stir he tea . swann ( cont would ) and if the novium be to fall into my hand I would know what to do with it . the doctor which be ? swann I would enfold it within the petal of the reddest rise I could find . and I would take that rise and place , it , with other of its kind , on the grave of the only man I have ever be able to trust . the doctor you mean police - man . the Doctor rise with the help of a bamboo cane . he walk swiftly towards the door . the doctor ( cont would ) in my office . when you come to consult I . I give you a warning about stupidity . I give it to you again . a third warning be something I would not give , not even to my mother . not even to my grandmother , who be the most talented , intelligent , gracious woman who ever walk the face of the earth . ext . swann' house - day the garden , in bright sunlight . one of that day , when you understand why people move to Los Angeles . nora 77 . in she white entomological garb , watch a wolf spider spin a web , segment by segment , around a dual octagonal armature . nora ( vo ) spider may crawl quite a distance , several mile , before find food . the successful forager return , and spin a news kind of web , very specific . it 's a figure eight , a diagonal run with a loop to either side . she make notation , in she notebook , caption she drawing in lucid , palmer - method script . nora ( cont would ) ( vo ) ( cont would ) a web of -- direction . enable he brother to locate the prey . enable they -- to survive . ( beat ) but how ? how do the special web tell they which way , and how far to go ? nora' Pov the large wolf spider , in the center of the web . nora ( cont would ) ( vo ) ( cont would ) I once say to my father , I ask he , " why be you retire ? " TI say , " most man , at sixty , be still work . " he look at I . and he say : the spider spin out he signal . nora ( cont would ) ( vo ) ( cont would ) " most man , at sixty , be dead . have be . all they life . " nora . watch . nora ( cont would ) then he stop , as if he would -- ( beat ) Heard he own voice . ext . eddie' alleyway - day Eddie 's car , the primer - gray tran - be , be propped up on concrete block : one very cool paperweight . ruben gonsalves , 6'2 " , 270 pound , have a friendly but authoritative arm around Eddie 's shoulder . 78 . ext . delongpre STREET - day - ruben' pickup truck cruise slowly down a run-down residential street , just below sunset , between highland and cahuenga , in the heart of Hollywood 's random murder district . ruben be drive , Eddie 's riding shotgun . the back of the pickup be fill with wire - mesh grocery cart . a bumper sticker read : how am I drive ? dial 1-800 -eat-shit ruben scan the sidewalk for bounty . see something , he slam on the brake . ruben let 's make money . with a great show of reluctance , Eddie drag he tired ass out of the cab . he grab a shopping cart that 's sit idly on the sidewalk , hoist it up into the back of the pickup , get back in the cab . eddie how come you always drive ? ruben because it 's my truck . how come you always so lazy ? ruben stop the truck again , wait for Eddie to notice another Ralph 's cart . it take a while . ruben ( cont 'd ) you slow today , dude . ruben extend he arm magisterially to the cart Eddie seem bent on ignore . ruben stare he down . finally Eddie jump out of the cab , and wrangle the cart . eddie ( shouting ) ruben ? can I borrow the truck tonight , my car 's a little out of tune you know -- ruben , in the cab of the pickup , have hear this before . many time . ruben ( to himself ) Fucking white boy with they fuck muscle car . the truck turn leave on Las palmas , past a bunch of run-down Hollywood bungalow . there be some little kid play in the 79 . street . they have capture a large spider , put it in a zip - loc sandwich bag . now they be perform a science experiment attempt to fry the imprison spider with a magnify glass . ext . eddie' STREET - day as the pickup turn down the alleyway . eddie and then we play miniature golf , right ? she 's never even play before . must have be beginner 's luck or something , because -- Eddie see something at the end of the alleyway . a black 1961 lincoln convertible , top down . eddie ( cont would ) -- shit ! ruben ' s'matter , dude ? eddie her father . Eddie leap from the truck . run down the alley , away from the car . and smack into the wait Mr. swann . ruben expertly back the truck out toward the street . ruben ( to himself ) in all probability -- ( beat ) -- do not even get laid . int . eddie' place - day a mess , as usual . eddie you remember something you forget to smash ? swann shake he head . eddie ( cont would ) I do not touch she ! I swear ! swann you understand computer ? eddie yeah . swann throw he a roll of silvere gaffer tape , fast . catch it , one hand . swann can you handle a roll of tape ? eddie you bet . swann I get some work for you . pay better than wrangle grocery cart . eddie how much better ? ext . san juan bautista - night - swann and eddie 80 . Eddie crouch behind a adobe buttress . Eddie be dress in black denim and a black nine inch Nails T-shirt ; swann in he black evening tailcoat . Eddie look at he watch . eddie I feel like a asshole . swann patience . the most difficult art , as my friend the Doctor keep remind I . but he will show . and when he do -- swann hand Eddie a matte black automatic pistol . swann ( cont 'd ) you know how to use this ? eddie of course . swann it 's a heckler & koch . you squeeze the handgrips to put the first round into the chamber . eddie absolutely . swann its owner be the man I believe you meet briefly , in the café . the one who sing " heartbreak Hotel . " 81 . eddie do you kill he ? a beat . then : swann he live by the yakuza code , and be not without honor . you obligation be to use he handgun with respect . the sound of a approach car . swann and Eddie stare down the roadway ; and soon enough , the white roll Silver shadow pull up in front of the mission colonnade . the driver , as swann expect , be lem hardt . he be alone . he get out of the car , a shovel in he right hand , and make he way to the cemetery . swann wait until lem start to dig . then he and Eddie approach . Eddie train the gun . swann ( cont 'd ) the handgun that 's point at you belong to gondo Ken . I be sure that the bullet in the chamber have you name on it . lem let I get on the phone . I be very liquid . one call to geneva and you walk out of here with a truly astonish fortune . swann keep digging . a couple foot to you leave . lem you need a assistant ? Ditch the kid . I be ten time better than he will ever be . I know it and you know it . ( gesture towards Eddie ) he know it . the look on Eddie 's face as he realize that lem be right , on all count . swann a little deeper , please , and more to the leave juve 's grave be big enough for two . but it would hardly be right to ask he to share it with you , for the rest of eternity . hardly right at all . lem you want to kill I ? okay . kill I . 82 . swann that come later . a cruel smile play across swann 's face . and he begin to whistle the theme , from bach 's Sixth cello suite . swann ( cont 'd ) let we walk . int . hollywood's bedroom - night Victor Hollywood , in he dress gown , propped up in a adjustable hospital - style bed . he press the volume control on the remote , and the room be fill with sound : swann 's rendition of the cello suite . and three set of footstep . lem ( vo ) ( filter ) I die ? I die . fuck you . swann ( vo ) ( filter ) one foot in front of the other . that 's all you have to think about int . mission tower staircase - night lem 's hand be tape behind he back . swann be hold the gun now , and lead lem up to the top of the tower . Eddie follow . they push open the hatch to the belltower crawlspace . int . bell tower - night at swann 's direction , Eddie be behind lem , upside down , to the clapper of the large bell . Eddie , show a giddy enthusiasm , crisscross lem with gaffer 's tape , as if lace a sneaker lem' Pov - the tower , the clear night sky , upside - down and the massive wall of the bell , just foot in front of he . swann ( to Eddie ) I want you to go downstairs . and grab hold of the rope . Eddie , carry away by the moment , bound enthusiastically down the crawlspace hatch . swann and lem be quite alone . 83 . swann ( cont 'd ) I have not bother a soul for twenty - five year . I want to know why you would not let I continue to live my life in peace . lem Victor 's decision . swann why ? lem we be about to embark on something ambitious . the world in a bottle . the stopper in Victor 's right hand . you know Victor . know who he be . could ruin it for we . swann ( yell down to Eddie ) pull ! lem start to swing . swann ( cont 'd ) ( to lem ) if that 's all you would want , I would be dead by now . the truth , Mr. hardt . lem' Pov - the bell come nearer , farther , nearer , landscape stream dizzily in the background . lem he want you to come out and fight . swann ( to Eddie ) more ! lem he say to I , " the trouble with swann be , you can not defeat a break man . " swann ( to Eddie ) hold ! lem continue swinging , in smaller arc . lem let I go and we will talk . swann shake he head : no. 84 . lem ( cont would ) Victor want to make you pay . for what you do to céline . swann I do not understand . lem for not let go . ' til she have no room to breathe . ' til the only place she could drive be off the edge of a cliff . swann what business of fuck Victor 's ? lem be you blind ? you be marry to the woman and you do not know a thing about she , do you ! with a terrible , ferocious glee : lem ( cont would ) they be lover ! swann ( to Eddie ) pull dammit ! pull hard and do not stop ! lem kill I , but it will not change a thing . swann you be a liar and a dead man . ( to Eddie ) harder ! the clapper gaze the edge of the bell , which ring , somewhat tentatively . lem you see the letter ! the bell ring again , a little more loudly . and then the arc seem , once more , to diminish . silence . lem ( cont 'd ) ( intimately ) you be lie . you be lie to yourself . ( beat ) and you know it . swann ( to Eddie ) pull , dammit ! what 's the matter . 85 . eddie unable to pull the rope . swann give lem one last contemptuous glance . and make he way down the staircase . int . belltower base - as before as swann arrive . eddie he will die . swann that be the idea . eddie I have never kill anyone . swann 's rage -- at lem , at Eddie , at himself - - can not be contain . he grab Eddie , shove he aside , send he brutally across the stone floor . then grab the rope , pull up , and down with all he weight . swann be riding the rope now , grip for life , face freeze in a wild grimace . the bell ring . a long wait . then a rhythmic clang , louder this time . and then a dull , sicken thud . and another . swann' shirtfront gleam white , abruptly stain with the blood of lem hardt another thud . swann tumble to the floor , spend . Eddie , still wind , catch he breath a few foot to swann 's right . ext . san juan bautista - night the white roll royce Silver shadow , license plate I in my . cover now with a fine spray of red . the black 1961 lincoln , two passenger , pull out , head back toward LA . 86 . ext . mulholland drive - night - the lincoln navigate the curve . from time to time there be a break in the road frontage , and they turn a curve to see , sudden and unexpected , the nighttime city laid out before they . swann , drive . Eddie , in the passenger seat . spatter with dirt and blood . and nothing to say to each other on impulse , swann punch the radio button . the music come up loud , and a vocalist be howling . voice ( on the radio ) when there 's no future , how can there be sin ? / we be the flower in you dustbin / we be the poison in you human machine / we be the future : no future ! swann 's black mood begin lift a bit , and he gently tap he hand against the steering wheel , keep time . Eddie can not help but be charme . on eddie watch this well - dress older man , mouth the word faintly as he drive . int . hollywood's bedroom - as before - night Hollywood , propped up in bed , play with the remote to he digitize sound sampler . shuttle backward and forward , isolate a phrase here , a phrase there . lem ( vo ) ( filter ) Victor want to make you pay . make you pay . for what you do to céline . to céline. céline . swann ( vo ) ( filter ) what business of fuck Victor 's ? of fuck Victor 's ? Fucking Victor 's . lem ( vo ) ( filter ) lying to yourself . lying . lying . strangely , a faint smile flicker across he face as he listen to the last word of he right -hand man . 87 . Hollywood reach for the phone . he lift it up with great effort , as if the receiver weigh several pound . hollywood ( into the phone ) call west , call sirota . tell they that lemuel hardt , like a son to I -- tell they lemuel hardt , he work be do . Hollywood barely manage to hang up before he be rack with a paroxysm of dry , painful cough . the light of day be just beginning to filter through the window . int . swann' secret room - dawn swann in he silk dress robe , Eddie still in T-shirt and denim . both inhale calvados from huge crystal snifter . swann you be bear -- when ? eddie May ' 77 . swann grin . swann twenty - three year before you be bear . dien Bien phu . you have see -- nothing quite like it . ( beat ) I be amaze , stunne , just to be alive . and not the slight fuck idea what to do with that fact . ( beat ) back in Paris , they send I to La santé prison , tell I to prepare it for the arrive prisoner . it be , in theory , desert . but down in the sub-basement , in the very last cell , be a old man . name of fant6émas . swann hand Eddie a cigar , which Eddie light , and make the mistake of inhale . when the cough subside : swann ( cont would ) taught I thing . quite a lot , really . how to walk . how to climb . ( beat ) disguise . ( beat ) how to get in and out . how to be see , how not to . swann light up , drift into reverie . 88 . swann ( cont would ) he show I another life that could be mine . swann look into the middle distance . swann ( cont would ) die in my arm . gave I he ring . Rest be history . eddie ( softly ) wow . swann found myself work , time to time , with a outfit call the spider . me. the Doctor viktor mabuse . call himself Victor Hollywood now . appropriate . sold everyone out , save he own skin . do not really matter . when we be together -- the brother I never have . eddie mabuse . be he go to kill we now ? swann everyone die , Eddie . and the fear of death -- it be a terrible thing . if I teach you nothing else . look what that fear do to you father . to viktor . even -- with he eye , swann follow the cigar smoke . up to the shelf , to the fragment of céline 's bowl , not quite repair . swann ( cont would ) -- to I . Eddie say nothing . finally : eddie now we sit here and -- wait ? tin duck ? tin fuck amusement park duck ? swann I be close to that thing which comfort I . near my book . among my memory . you be a young man with you life , it seem , in front of you . swann gesture toward the door swann ( cont would ) it 's I he want . you will be safe . 89 . Eddie just stare , not understanding why this sixty - year- old man , who scale wall , who like rock and 'roll , who kill people , have become so sullen , so passive , so -- defeat . eddie great . nora come home . " dad ? " no dad . just a body , one the floor . ( beat ) that be how you show you love for you daughter ? swann if she be my daughter . Eddie almost do not know what swann be talk about . he stare at swann , not get through . there be nothing he can do to break the mood . finally : swann ( cont 'd ) go. Eddie stand up . swann ( cont would ) and take she with you . swann do not move . he stare off into space . it do not look as if he will ever move . eddie what the fuck be wrong with you ? swann every once in a while , you see too much . can not forget . can not go home . ( beat ) it will do something to a man . ext . woodrow wilson drive - day Eddie , drive ruben 's pick - up , forty Ralph 's cart in the back nora , in a flannel nightgown , still half asleep , still clutching she stuff bear , be in the passenger seat . eddie he 's give up . he do not want to live anymore . nora he have not want to live for twenty year . eddie maybe . but now -- they be go to kill he . 90 . nora they ? eddie Hollywood . nora Hollywood ? eddie viktor Hollywood . nora we know this ? eddie we know this . he look at she . she stare straight ahead . nora it 's not one of that thing , where we can -- ( beat ) call the police ? int . secret room - day as swann stare off into space , something seem to brighten behind he eye . slowly at first -- and then he smile , as if he 's make a decision . he get up from the chair and , rummage through he drawer , gather material . sing to himself , a expression of weird contentment on he face , swann pour gasoline on the floor , on the wall -- swann ( sing ; to himself ) " stretch he immense shadow , across Paris and across the world , who be this grey - eye spectre , rise from the mist ? fantémas , could it be you , lurking among the rooftop ? " pour deftly , from the wrist , as if saut mushroom . int . truck - as before nora will you just tell I what 's go on ? 91 . Eddie put he arm around she shoulder , take a deep breath . eddie you father use to be a -- a jewel thief . name fantémas . the one my father never catch . nora you father -- ( beat ) be chase my father . eddie more than half he life . nora but they be friend -- Eddie just shake he head . nora ( cont 'd ) who 's Hollywood ? eddie Hollywood use to be mabuse and charley use to be fantémas and Hollywood kill my father and want to kill you father and probably I too -- and you father seem to have just give up . at once , nora feel very far from home . nora we have to help he . Eddie think about this for a long time . finally he seem to have make up he mind ; and he swing the truck around in a abrupt , screeching u-turn . they be on woodrow Wilson , head back toward the swann house . they head up a steep incline , the hill just before the house . at once the sky seem a bright , a unnatural orange . a second later , they hear the roar of flame . Eddie slam on the brake . he and nora jump out of the truck , scramble up to the top of the incline . they see the house , afire , completely out of control . a explosion slam they back toward the truck . 92 . the explosion rock the ground , rock the truck . its rear gate pop open . and , one by one , the forty Ralph 's cart begin make they way downhill . Eddie grab one , then another ; nora pile in ; but there be just two people , and so many cart -- they stare helplessly at the explosion and reflexively -- because it 's the only thing they can do -- grab for the cart . as if it would change anything . and then Eddie and nora grab each other , embrace , hold . and eventually turn away from the flame , still lick the sky , to the procession of cart , make they noisy way down lookout Mountain pass , to the city below . eddie it 's go to be all right he do not sound as if he believe what he be say . they cling to each other , and do not let go . both of nora 's arm be tightly around Eddie . one hand grasp he shoulder ; the other , she stuff bear . ext . infotech - night - to establish a form -follow - function manufacturing plant , all duct and piping , in Orange County . on the horizon : oil refinery pipe , smokestack . int . infotech - night Hollywood , persol sunglass on a string around he neck , walk with elliot West . as they make they way along the nautical - railing catwalk , they look down at the silicon chip assembly line . some fifty employee , mostly asian , mostly woman , work the lobster shift hollywood get I nora swann . west do you think she know where old charley hide the chip ? hollywood I be sure she do not . west I do not follow . 93. hollywood bring I the daughter , elliot . if we have she , swann will do what we want . put money on it . west what if he 's dead , sir ? Hollywood shrug . west ( cont would ) I suppose we should make arrangement for lem . hollywood do lem have any family ? west no he do not . hollywood call Forest lawn , money no object , but tasteful , stress tasteful . and make a donation in my name to the County museum . substantial donation . what we want : the lemuel hardt Collection . let the museum make the announcement . also full - page obit in the trade , name and date , plain black border less - is-more . west yes , sir . hollywood how many two - way do we have online ? west five thousand ten . cover some fifty hotel . hollywood scan they all . I want the daughter . west yes , sir . hollywood forget " sir . " Victor . you should call I Victor . west Victor . well . I want to express my personal condolence . lem be always -- 94 . hollywood ( cut he off ) it could happen to you . int . the doctor' office - day - the doctor be with a patient : a thin chinese man who be sit , shirt off on the crunchy white paper of the Doctor 's old leather examination table . the Doctor hold a stethoscope to various point on he chest . the doctor ( in chinese ) deep breath . and out . and in . and out a man with a shaven head and a powerful build , wear a stripe seaman 's jersey , burst through the door , follow closely by the Doctor 's Secretary . secretary ( in chinese ) I be sorry and ashamed . I could not restrain he . the doctor ( in chinese ) in no sense be this you fault . ( to the patient ) my deep apology for the interruption of you examination . if you would indulge I while I attend to a matter of urgency , I would be eternally in you debt . the secretary and the patient leave . the wrestler close the door behind he . the Doctor sit behind he teak desk , again impressively bare , save the mysterious apothecary jar though the disguise be a good one , we can tell , now that the deckhand be none other than Charles swann . the doctor ( cont 'd ) the last time you be in this room . do I not say something about patience ? and when we meet in that cafeteria -- what do I say to you then ? swann about the chip . you , my friend , you betrayed a confidence . the doctor you mean I to . 95 . swann realize that the Doctor be , once again , absolutely correct . swann I have this problem , doctor . I have be walk around for twenty year with a desperate need and I only just realize it this morning . the doctor I believe I warn you , repeatedly , about stupidity . I be stupid once . it be in the International settlement of shanghai , when the japanese invade , and my stupidity cause I to be capture . he light he pipe . the doctor ( cont would ) they have way of deal with enemy . it involved a man 's private part , and a thin glass rod -- swann look at he . the doctor ( cont would ) you be familiar , then , with the choice present to man upon whom this have be practice . swann nod . the doctor ( cont 'd ) I have never be good about physical pain . even with the opium , it be not something I could bear . a week later , in a basement in the french concession , I surgically remove my own penis . swann I be genuinely sorry . the doctor I have not miss it . it be a amazing thing what one can accomplish , once one decide to leave one 's pain behind . he tap the apothecary jar . the object within move fractionally , float within the formaldehyde . the doctor ( cont would ) I keep this here , as a reminder of what have be take from I . and what have not . it have become , for I , quite a source of inspiration . 96 . swann try not to stare at the jar swann still . stupid or not . I need you help . and you protection . the Doctor relight he pipe . the doctor anything else ? int . the saharan motel - afternoon - eddie and nora fully dress , on the bed of a tacky economy hotel room on the ass end of sunset Strip , near La brea . there be a television set in the corner , its tube face directly toward the bed . eddie it 's not fair . you have you stuff bear . I do not even have a guitar . nora be you in a band ? eddie was. ( beat ) go on tour once . ( beat ) third on the bill to a power trio . Old guy in tight and eyeliner . nora what make you stop ? eddie I do not want to move up . nora what would you do then ? eddie Computer stuff . hack . nora any good at it ? eddie enough . nora why would you stop ? 97 . Eddie say nothing . nora ( cont 'd ) then ? Eddie get up from the bed , and start lining the floor with sheet of crumpled newspaper . eddie tell I about you -- spider . nora signal . Web . hieroglyphics , really . where the food be . where danger lurk . near , far . which direction . Eddie lean back . they be almost touch . eddie anyway . nora say nothing . eddie ( cont would ) anyway what be you think ? nora I be think that you be just as pighead as my father . Eddie lean over . nora ( cont would ) but - - ( beat ) -- maybe -- they kiss . nora ( cont would ) cuter . slowly , they begin to make love . within moment : nora 's clothes be off and Eddie 's clothes be off and they slide against each other in a tangle of limb , body , intuition . discover each other -- discover part of themselves long keep secret . in they heat , Eddie and nora be so fully absorb that they do not hear -- as we do -- the open of the door ... ...or the crunching of the newspaper . 98 . eddie turn he head to see elliot West and three of Hollywood 's security goons . they be point they silence Czech automatics . west " mister and Mrs. Smith . " original . nora pull a sheet over she body . Eddie move to protect she . west ( cont would ) I would bet you could not produce a marriage license . the goons guffaw . eddie you touch she and you be dead . more laughter . eddie ( cont would ) leave she alone and I will tell you where you can find the chip . west I do not do business with asshole . ( to nora ) get dress , lady . you be come home with we . nora could you -- turn you back ? west not a chance . Eddie charge he . one goon give he a clout with the butt - end of the pistol . like a madden bull , Eddie rise , charge , head first , at West . two of the goons knock he back to the ground , kick he viciously , in the kidney , and in the head . nora look on in horror . nora you do not have to do that . west we do not have to . we want to . ( beat ) put you clothes on . beneath the sheet , nora wriggle into she clothes . Eddie , out cold , lie on the floor , curl up into a ball . his blood 99 . stain the carpet . one of the goons give he another kick for good measure ... ... but Eddie do not respond . int . yee mee loo restaurant - night a nondescript downtown chinese restaurant : Formica table , fluorescent light . a few diner , all chinese , be eat rice and sip soup when : bang ! through the door come three goons West , Hollywood , three more goons . all carry uzis . the goons charge through the restaurant , through the kitchen , down a flight of stair , into the man 's room . the goons shove against one of the stall , which open , revealing another down staircase . we follow they down three flight , along a dark , narrow corridor . down a steep spiral staircase . down into : int . underground CITY - night - various angle the subterranean city build by chinese immigrant at the turn of the century . complete with store , restaurant , housing . all along the side of four - foot wide tunnel . with a abrupt snap , one of the goons find himself hang upside down from a hemp ankle noose . they leave he there . there be a gunshot , and another goon drop to the ground . a third goon fire at a dimly see move figure , who drop from he niche carve into the tunnelside . it mark the beginning of a full - scale gun battle between Hollywood 's security goons and the young chinese who work for the Doctor . when the smoke clear , the Doctor 's troops have be out - gun . Hollywood , West , and the two remain security goons stand outside the large wooden door to the room where swan be hole up . hollywood it 's over , charley . come on out . no reply . hollywood ( cont would ) I have get something I want to show you . still no reply . hollywood ( cont would ) a television show . star you daughter . 100 . int . swann' hideout - night the door open slowly . there 's Charles swann , still shaven - head , in a rumple white - tie formal suit , in a room scarcely larger than a prison cell . there be a canvas cot , a small table , one wooden chair , a bare light bulb . that 's it . Hollywood enter . West and the goons remain outside . Hollywood place on the table a battery - power 8 mm vcr , wire to a color watchman . he switch on the tape . nora ( on the videotape ) I do not want you to worry about I . I be all right -- swann that 's enough . Hollywood turn it off . hollywood do I get the chip ? swann reach into the watch pocket of he white formal vest , pull out the chip . as he hand it over swann you have get what you come for . why do not you kill I ? hollywood you be better than I , Charles . always be . and I guess there 's always be a hope -- the spider . you , I , the Doctor . it 's not too late . swann fuck yourself . hollywood what happen , Charles ? you use to be a pretty evil dude . swann still be . hollywood Il faut plonger le monde dan un abime ... " we must plunge the world into a abyss of terror . " you word . remember , Charles ? 101 . Hollywood laugh . the laughter become a spasm of cough . wwe sense that Hollywood be quite ill . hollywood ( cont would ) when time change . I change with they . you be still the anarchist , run across the rooftop . swann say nothing . hollywood ( cont would ) you be sixty year old . this town have no rooftop . swann viktor . look at yourself . you be not evil . you be just -- corrupt . hollywood why do not we say , " well - network . " swann you use to know better , viktor hollywood why be you so afraid of -- the big time ? swann that 's not crime . that 's organize crime . ( with great disgust : ) work. Business . civilization . ( beat ) you know what civilization be ? ( beat ) War , without all the noise . Hollywood just toss the chip in he palm . up , and down . hollywood I will have sirota check it out . if it 's real , nothing will happen to you daughter swann I cannot believe that you would bring my daughter into this . céline 's daughter hollywood it 's the real world , Charles . you can not protect people from the real world . Hollywood stand up . swann I work for more than twenty year to keep she away from this . now you have show she ( more ) 102 . swann ( cont would ) thing she should never have see . for that alone , you be dead . Hollywood open the door . he hold up the chip ; and he gunman smile . ext . sunset boulevard - morning - the lincoln sweeping lazily around the curve of sunset , out toward the beach . it 's a bright , sunny morning ; and there 's no other traffic . swann , still dress in he rumple cutaway , be sing along with a Bob Dylan song on the oldy station . voice ( on the radio ) " .- when you be not get nothin ' , you get nothin ' to lose / you be invisible now , you get no secret / to conceal . how do it feel ? " in the back seat of the open-topped convertible be seventy stick of dynamite , tape up , fully wire . swann be smile . ext . pacific coast highway - day swann take the turnoff for Hollywood 's estate . with one hand , he pull the black silk moire mask over he head align the slit with he eye . he floors the accelerator . by the time he reach the gate to the estate , he 's do ninety . he plow right into the gate , which smashes open . immediately , the siren start to wail . swann , head straight for the house , pick up speed , poke away the shard of shattered windshield with he right hand . from one of the onion tower , a security goon , fully bijan would out , open FIRE . the white roll with Hollywood at the wheel , pull out of the garage . as the black lincoln head for the house , the white roll angle in , aim to intercept . swann realize who 's drive the roll , and veer away from the house , directly towards he nemesis . the black and white car approach each other at frightening speed . 103 . Hollywood execute a swift , full - power u-turn , force swann to circle , come once more within range of the tower gunman . just when he seem directly in the line of fire , swann swerve behind the massive sculpture ; and we hear the bullet ricochete off the thick , sinuous steel . but as swann emerge from behind the serra , slow for the turn , he side be present directly to the roll . Hollywood pull out a pistol and take careful aim . a single shot from Hollywood ; another from the onion tower we see swann 's head SNAP back . his hand fall from the steering wheel . the lincoln , uncontrolled , accelerate mid-turn , head straight for the serra . collide . there be a great explosion . the sky be bright white , then orange , then full of dark , acrid smoke . piece of the automobile drift lazily downward , as if in slow motion ... ... form a new sculpture -- serra meet John Chamberlain ... »..on the manicure lawn . ext . crematorium - forest lawn - day the simple Greek revival building which house the crematorium . nora ( vo ) something he read to I . once . a long time ago . the end of a story . Edgar Allen poe . park outside , in the lot : Eddie 's muscle car nora ( cont would ) ( vo ) ( cont would ) I be in the crook of he arm , it be bedtime . usually I fall asleep there , in the crook of he arm , before the story 's end ; but this night I stay awake . int . FIRE room Eddie take a piece of cloth , and place it near the head of a plain pine box . just before he close the lid , we catch a glimpse : tear , fray , black moire silk ... ... the mask of fantomas . 104 . nora ( cont would ) ( vo ) it be about a man who would do something bad , something very bad . now he be in jail , await execution . the box , on a conveyor belt , head toward the oven , where two - dozen butane flame be wait to consume it . nora ( cont would ) ( vo ) ( cont would ) I still remember what he say , in my father 's voice : ( beat ) " today I be in chain -- but here . " Eddie hold nora very close . Eddie , nora , nora 's stuff bear silhouett against the intense white light of the crematorium ... nora ( vo ) ( cont 'd ) " tomorrow I shall be free -- ... as the plain white pine box disappear . int . crematorium - forest lawn - dusk the harsh late - afternoon sun . a thin tendril of smoke , wafting straight up , in the still , windless air . nora ( cont would ) ( vo ) " but -- where ? " Eddie , nora , hold each other , look out : the freeway , it 's traffic , the valley , the mountain ... ... the darken world beyond . int . eddie' place - day Sunday morning sunlight stream in through the window . the place look neater , and cleaner , than we have see it . the surfboard , the computer , all in the back now . in the front : a easel , a stretch canvas . nora be curl up in a large chair while Eddie prime the canvas , sing softly to himself . eddie ... the eensy weensy spider crawl up the water spout ... now Eddie notice something out of the corner of he eye . a envelope : white , protrude , almost beckone , just beneath the door . 105 . a white envelope with a red wax seal . eddie ( cont 'd ) oh my god . nora what be it ? Eddie take a few light step , carefully hide the envelope from view with he foot . eddie nothing . ext . million dollar theater - day Eddie 's batter muscle car park outside of a board - up moviehouse , downtown LA . int . million dollar theater - day a once - magnificent moviehouse , now shut down . the ornate ceiling and proscenium surround a auditorium of wear , fade velvet seat . we follow eddy across the empty stage , in front of the screen . at once he be silhouett by a shaft of light from the projectionist 's booth . voice up here ! Eddie squint into the light . there be a metal cable dangle from the booth . he grab the cable and start upward . the cable be slippery , he 's not use to this kind of activity . for every three foot up he slip back two . int . projectionist's booth - day - swann in black , read a old almanac . it 's a bare room - - one cot , one chair - - of the type swann seem to favor . the room be line with 35 mm film reel and spare projector part . eddie-sweating , breathless -- clamber through the rectangular open . swann ( without look up ) we have work to do . 106 . int . hollywood be office - day a fireplace . a oversize bureaucrat 's desk from the british raj . a couple of comfy chair , do up in well - wear red leather . nothing high - tech at all , in fact , nothing twentieth century , except for a telephone , and a modest television monitor build into the rolltop taboret . Hollywood , behind the desk , emaciate , just flesh and bone now . idly flick the television remote . image after image of bedroom , live room . mostly blurry . mostly of family , zombie out , stare directly at the tube . husband ( on the screen ) honey , have you see the orange juice ? Hollywood change the channel . two man in a business discussion . click . a couple fuck . click . he flick again and again , look for something to hold he interest there be no intimacy which Hollywood can not access . more than anything , he seem painfully bored . Hollywood clear he throat , punch up another bedroom . and try , quite hard , to avoid another cough fit . int . million dollar theater projectionist's booth - night there be a floor plan of Hollywood 's mansion project on the screen . swann gesture with he pointer , narrate . swann this be office . lock door , lock window . accord to the Doctor , nobody enter , nobody leave . once a day , West bring the mail on a tray . that 's it . eddie so how to we get in ? swann we do not . eddie good . let 's go home . swann do I ever tell you ... he lean back . as if about to settle in , for a bedtime story . 107 . swann ( cont would ) .. , about Lord halifax ? int . ucla entomology lab - night nora be carry a large cage , cover with a black dropcloth and a metal thermos . she pass the security guard , a young black woman , with whom she be apparently on friendly term . guard Dr. swann . nora even . guard I have get another six hour . ( point to the thermos ) mind if I borrow some coffee ? nora actually it 's not coffee . actually it 's a horrible , disgusting black widow spider , its sac full of deadly venom . guard well then ... ( beat ) ... mever mind . int . million dollar theater - night swann and Eddie , in the rear of the orchestra section . eddie one more time . swann he get the note . open it . smell he hand . smell amaryllis . scream . ( beat ) you , you be up here , you lower the spider . he run down the hall , around the corner , the nearest place he can wash the scent off he hand . the bathroom ... ( beat ) ... where , of course , I will be wait . eddie what if he do not know the saga of Lord halifax ? 108 . swann he know . ext . hollywood estate - night the dark , loom castle behind the iron gate . again , the h logo , dead -center . but now the gate have be repair , augment with weld steel cross -bracing ; and a machine gun nest , behind a embankment of sandbag , lie just beyond . int . hollywood mansion - night Security goons patrol the corridor . there be far more of they than we have see before . a trio of they stand at dress attention outside the door to Hollywood 's office . int . hollywood be office - night Hollywood , propped up in he chair , behind the colonial desk . still flick the television remote , but too listless , now , to pay attention . there be a knock on the door . elliot West arrive with a sterling tray of mail , place it on the desk . west everything okay , sir ? Hollywood make no reply . do not even notice when West leave . numbed by the television but unable to stop watch , Hollywood distractedly open envelope after envelope , consider the content , toss . then stop . a envelope with a blood -re seal . a intaglio would f. slowly , Hollywood tear the flap . the card be write in impeccable copperplate : stamp deeply into the wax . for céline , for juve , for everyone on television . 109 . Hollywood be toy with the card when he nose start to twitch . abruptly , he leap up . hollywood amaryllis ! then sit down again . a smile flicker across he face , grow . for the first time in a long while , Hollywood seem -- at peace . glancing toward the fireplace , with Zen-like calm , Hollywood await the arrival of a black widow spider . ext . hollywood be mansion - night a figure -- black jeans , black shirt , black hood -- perch atop one of Hollywood 's minaret . holding a large black metal box . and now : dump its content down the chimney . int . hollywood be office - night spider , tumble down the chimney , out the fireplace . not one elegant spider on a silken cord , but hundred of spider thousand of spider , crawl across the floor , up the wainscote , all deadly . and like all black widow , with the congenital reflex that respond to the odor of amaryllis . Hollywood start to cough . there be a spider crawl up he tweedy leg . he try to stay motionless , but at the last moment get the willy , and crush it . another spider attaches itself to he jacket . we watch Hollywood try , with all he might , to stay put in the chair . then , scream like a terrify child , he can take it no more , and run full - tilt for the door . int . mansion corridor - night Hollywood burst through the door , scatter West and several goons . as he run down the hall , they try to follow . hollywood get back ! get back ! my office ! spider ! kill they ! kill they all ! he turn a corner , run down another corridor , past several more guard , through he bedroom , into he bathroom . inspect himself for bug . lock the door frantically , all three lock . turn on the shower , hot. 110 . Hollywood , scrubbing himself down with brown soap . pause to sniff he hand , then scrubbing some more . after a while , the panic seem to leave he body . he wrap himself in a towel . as the condensation clear from the glass shower door , there seem to be something move , white against white . then , at once , the door be flung open . anda drip , towel - wrap Hollywood find himself face to face with fantomas . we have never see swann in anything but black . now , for the first time , he be white , head to toe . White trousers , white starch shirt , white tie , white formal vest , white tailcoat swann you think I be dead . well . ( beat ) this thing happen . swann produce a flat white silk disk , snap it against he forearm . it pop open : into a tophat . swann ( cont 'd ) I be the polar bear at you funeral . swann don the tophat and , in the same motion , produce as if from nowhere a white pearl - handle straight razor . it be swann 's moment of triumph : the plan , the surprise , the punch line , the tophat and the razor , perfect detail perfectly choose , perfectly play . one thing wrong : Hollywood . whose reaction be not at all what it should be . hollywood ( calmly ) sit down . swann look straight at he and do not move . hollywood ( cont would ) you be alive for only one reason : because time and time again , I do not kill you . in you home . at the watt tower . in that little room in old Chinatown . in you clever little renovation of the million dollar theater . sit down , Charles . swann sit . hollywood ( cont would ) when the child be a child -- he have many choice . what he 's go to be when he grow up . a fireman , a policeman , a cowboy . you ( more ) 111 . hollywood ( cont would ) get old , the world shut down on you . all of a sudden you life be what it be . you have very few choice at all ... until , finally -- just one . the manner and method of you own death . swann , beginning to see the light . hollywood ( cont would ) I do not kill you because I want something . a proper death . not this -- this cancer ( he thump he chest ) not " die in he sleep . " not " follow surgery at cedar of Lebanon . " something elegant , something fitting , something with a bit of marvel . Hollywood , in complete control , exhibit a energy we have not see from he in quite some while . ext . hollywood mansion - night elliot West , perch precariously on the windowsill , three storey up . he take a large step to the next sill , the one beneath the bathroom window . look inside . see swann and Hollywood talk , swann with a blade in he hand . West extract he cz - 70 . draw a bead on swann . Hollywood be in the line of fire . but as swann stand up , there be nothing between swann and the tip of West 's automatic . then Hollywood move again , block the shot . int . bathroom - as before hollywood the kind of death only fantémas could provide . my only problem : fantomas be asleep . have be for twenty year . swann dear sweet Lord .. hollywood so I have to wake he up . put juve on he tail . I -- I forge some letter , tie them with red ribbon . told lem hardt a bunch of stuff I know you would force he to spill . and still it do not work . so I borrow nora . swann all -- to bring I to this room . 112. Hollywood nod : swiftly , solemnly . swann ( cont would ) I , with a leash around my neck . and I never see it . we can hear the alarm siren . hollywood I should tell you while I still can . céline mean something to I . I mean very little to she . I think she want you attention . that 's all I be , a way to catch you eye . I be sorry it do not work . for all of we . the two man regard each other for the longest time . hollywood ( cont 'd ) I be ready now . ( beat ) so be you . the guard , now , be bang at the door . but the room , of course , be lock from the inside . ext . mansion window - west's Pov Hollywood still block the target . int . bathroom - as before swann begin to realize just how deeply Hollywood have wish for this particular death . in a strange way , it 's very move . swann you leave I no choice . hollywood I mean not to . swann my brother . hollywood my killer . with absolute calm , swann run the straight razor across Hollywood 's pale white neck . a perfect arc , from which blood begin to bloom . in small rosettes at first . then a thin sheet , like burgundy swirl in a crystal goblet ... ... then torrent . 113 . Hollywood clutches he neck , fall to the floor , he blood chart its course , across the white tile floor , to the shower drain . ext . mansion - west's Pov as Hollywood fall to the floor , West have a clear shot . he draw he bead . begins to squeeze the trigger . suddenly Eddie --clad in black , from head to toe - - be swinging from a rope , Douglas fairbank - style , sweeping from the top of the onion tower , across the side of the mansion . eddie j'arrive . he land on the bathroom window ledge , knock West 's arm aside . the two grapple for the gun . as Eddie , for the moment , gain control of the gun : eddie ( cont 'd ) ( softly ) I do not have to . I want to . just below , another black - clad figure climb , spider - style , up the craggy wall from the window below . Zigging , and zag , in uncanny emulation of the figure - eight web , the signal web . now the second black - clad figure reach up ... ... and pull West by the ankle . the gun fall , in a long arc , to the manicure lawn below . west you son-of-a-bitch . he flail out -- -- and fall -- -- in a long arc , follow he gun ... ... all the way down . i/e . mansion - night - swann stride toward the window , open it , lift himself out . 114 . Eddie and swann embrace , and Eddie swing they , by rope , back to the top of the onion tower . Three storey below , the lifeless body of elliot west . what swann do not see : the other black - clad figure , just below the window ledge . the figure -- as we have by now figure out -- of nora swann . swann ( to Eddie ) get out of here . now. ( beat ) somebody be go to have to pay for this . one will do as well as two . on nora listen to she father . on swann unaware that he daughter , hang by she finger , inch below ... ...has just save Eddie 's life . and , perhaps , he own . swann ( cont 'd ) nora need you . more than she need I . abruptly , without warning or hesitation , swann leap off the ledge , slide rapidly down the rope to the side of the building ... ... right into the circle of the carbon - arc police spotlight . the police draw up , surround swann , they attention distract -- not look at all toward the roof ... ... where two black - clad figure now make good they escape . on eddie and nora nora he must never know . eddie he will not . nora he must never -- 115 . eddie we secret . the reach the side of the building . away from the guard , the spotlight , the police . nora if he know I be out this late -- Eddie hold she . she look directly into he eye . nora ( cont would ) he would kill I . int . LA county jail - day - swann in prison denim , in a hold cell with ten other prisoner . a guard approach . guard swann . visitor . int . jail visitor be room - day prisoner on one side of the reinforce glass , visitor on the other . swann be escort to he booth . he sit down , to find himself face -- his daughter . they speak via telephone . swann no lawyer . nora F - F - ( beat ) Father . her eye be wet . nora ( cont would ) why ? swann to go on live . it 's -- something you have to earn . he do not deserve to live . and I have not be -- earning my way , either . ( beat ) ( more ) 116 . swann ( cont would ) two problem , solve , with one stroke of the blade . nora just look at he . swann ( cont would ) I know what kind of a husband I be to céline . what kind of a father I must have be to you . I be try to protect you . from the world . from what I have learn about it . what I do not -- nora ( interrupt ) I love you . he straighten up . swann be you go to marry that -- ( spat , as a epithet : ) policeman 's son ? nora yes . swann you do not need my permission . nora no. swann but you have it . her face , he reflection , superimpose on the pane of bulletproof glass . swann ( cont 'd ) no lawyer . you must promise . my room be spare , but comfortable , and I believe I will be able to get some read do . there be tear , probably nora 's , possibly swann' . swann ( cont would ) I love you too . on swann' face as we realize that this be word -- however improbably - - he may never have uttere before ... 117 . ext . beverly hill CITY hall - day on the step of City Hall , a justice of the peace , a small crowd . among the face : a black - suite justice ; Father barragan ; ruben ; the Doctor ... ... and in the center , wait expectantly : Eddie , in a suit and tie . two motor vehicle pull up from opposite direction . the one to the leave be a stretch limousine . the one to the right be a guard paddywagon . from the first step nora swann , radiant in a white dress . from the second : Charles swann , hand cuffed in front of he , bookend by two lapd escort . Charles walk up to Eddie , shake he hand . in cuff , under the watchful eye of he jailor , he embrace he daughter . we see that he be hand something to she . we do not see what . now Eddie and nora step up to the altar . justice of the peace who give this woman away ? swann nod solemnly . the ceremony proceed . justice of the peace ( cont would ) do you , nora swann , take this man to be you lawful wedd husband ? nora I do . justice of the peace do you , edouard Jean - Paul juve , take this woman to be you lawful wedd wife ? eddie I do . he reach into he pocket . take out a band of gold , which he fit , on she finger . she , in turn , produce a ring . a silver ring , with the rococo , right - to - leave f. the ring of fant6émas . which she father just hand she . 118. justice of the peace by the power vested in I by the State of California , I now pronounce you husband and wife . you may kiss the bride . Eddie and nora embrace . a cheer from the crowd . ruben and the Doctor both throw large handfuls of rice ... ... which explode , into dense white smoke . second later , when the smoke disperse , everything be as it be . with the exception of the Doctor , go ; and Charles swann ... ... nowhere to be see . ext . watt tower - night a mask figure in a black dinner jacket scale the chainlink fence . he approach the middle tower , the one at whose base gondo Ken expire . the figure -- and we can see , now , that it be Charles swann - - inspect the tower . there be a damage area , where lem 's bullet strike . a bare spot , where the crockery have be blow away . swann ( to himself ) vandal . from a black satchel , swann remove a jar of water , a jar of cement . with the careful , deat movement of a safecracker - - or perhaps , a chef - - he mix the water and cement into a paste of just the right consistency . we hear nora 's voice : nora ( vo ) I think I know now , who my father be . Father - - and , just perhaps -- ( beat ) maman . ma mére -- ( beat ) mother . swann reach into the satchel to extract the shard of céline 's coffee bowl , the one he could never quite fit back together . and , one by one , affix the shard to the northern watt Tower . nora ( cont would ) ( vo ) ( cont would ) the name , the place -- the fact . ( beat ) I have see -- the web . the signal . the song a spider sing , when he find he mate . ( more ) 119 . nora ( cont would ) ( beat ) every thing we need to know . we pull back , to see rodia 's baroque , glitter spire . nora ( cont would ) ( vo ) ( cont would ) everything except -- and pull back still further , until the entire night city be beneath we . nora ( cont would ) ( vo ) ( cont would ) what quicken the heart . what make it stop . ( beat ) and -- every once in a while -- the white glow of a thousand pair of automobile headlight like the eye of a thousand strange insect . nora ( cont would ) ( vo ) ( cont would ) on the fle de la cité -- or even here -- we pull back still further , watch people go about they life , stream in and around the flat , blight city . nora ( cont would ) ( vo ) ( cont would ) -- what make it go . the light grow faint , as we fade to black . ( more )