face / off written by Mike werb &amp ; Michael colleary revise 9/10/96 fade into : sepia - tone footage of a pig chase a lion chase a dinosaur chase a elephant . noah 's ark go round ... and round ... and round ... ext . griffith park carousel - day disjoint calliope music as the wheel of fate and fortune go around until we pull back to reveal : jon archer ( 30 ) rise winge pegasus . on the adjacent unicorn be he son matthew ( 5 ) . clutch a balloon , matty wave at he dad . a happy moment , like so many certain to follow -- until we realize we be watch they through ... sniper' rifle scope - sniper' eye wait until the child clear he aim -- archer be the target . they round the bend and disappear ... matthew lose he grip on the unicorn . archer reach over and pull he into he lap . they happily ride together ... as the horse sweep back into view ... expose archer ... now we see the sniper . castor troy be cool , efficient , aggressive , sexual . his finger close around the trigger . boom ! a bullet rip into archer 's back . bleed ... he drop off he horse ... and sink to the deck of the carousel . his eye desperately search ... search ... search ... until he see -- Matthew lie on he back -- still . slowly , archer reach out and take Matthew 's hand ... and now we see color for the first time ... blood red ... as bleed father touch bleed son ... tilt up to the winge pegasus fly by -- now in full color and up up up to Matthew 's red balloon ... float away . handel' messiah over a series of shot : FBI briefing room gazing out the window as dawn break over the city below be jon archer ... older ... unshaven ... fatigue ... he eye reveal a man in the grip of obsession . carousel horse sweep by , as if mark time itself ... holy place smoky , spiritual ... dominate by a gleam , golden cross . a priest kneel before it -- deep in prayer . the glimmer cross come into focus ... but it 's just a light - reflection ... off the case of a large bomb . this be no chapel ... but a atrium . somewhere . and as the " priest " rub out he cigarette we see it 's castor Troy -- carefully install this complex device . another carousel horse sweep by ... archer pocket he FBI badge , then holster he gun ... castor set the bomb timer -- then replace a wall panel in front of it . totally hide . briefing room - castor' mugshot be on a computer screen . his criminal dossier scroll by endlessly : bombing , assassination , mercenary kidnapping , terrorism - for-hire ... rookie agent loomis study the detail carefully . other agent -- include buzz and wanda scan computer grid - map , man phone , etc. amid the take - out carton and coffee cup . this people be on high alert . archer any follow - up from l.a.p.d. Intelligence ? buzz no , sir , nothing yet . archer get they on the phone -- now . what about s.i.s. and we airport team ? wanda we have have everything from psychics to satellite on this . even if castor be here ... he must have slip the net by now ... archer he 's here ! and we be go to keep look until we find he ! a silence descend on the chastise team . as they go back to work , veteran agent tito biondi take archer aside . tito jon , this people have be work round the clock -- you gotta cut they some slack ... archer consider he best friend 's advice -- then ... archer I will cut they some slack when I cut myself some slack . archer march out -- slamm the door behind he . int . corridor - day ( morning ) castor quietly shut the security door behind he . a Hispanic voice startles he . janitor what be you do ? castor ( in perfect Spanish ) thank goodness , I feel like icarus in the labyrinth -- where 's the man 's room ? janitor ( in Spanish ) this area be off limit , padre . ( be : security door ) how do you get in that room ? realizing the janitor be already too suspicious , castor put a priestly arm around he -- and lead he down the hall . castor okay ... I have a confession to make , but you be not gonna like it . I be plant a bomb . janitor bomb ? castor you know -- boom -- ( patting he neck ) oh , never mind ... the janitor suddenly twitches , he eye roll up in he head . as he gasp he last -- castor heave he down a stairwell . now we see the needle - thin custom stiletto in castor 's hand . castor kick the janitor 's mop and bucket down the stair -- make everything look like a accident . int . same build - MAIN floor - day ( morning ) the child 's church choir -- 200 strong -- sing " behold the Lamb of God . " clergy and lay person listen reverently . " Father " castor stroll by the singer -- casually head for the exit . as he pass the riser , a teenage girl drop she sheet music at he foot . returning it -- he whisper in she ear -- so close he 's practically lick it . castor I have never enjoy ' the messiah . ' but you voice make even a hack like handel seem like a genius . he pat she behind and leave . although a little shake , she 's also draw by castor 's sexual magnetism . ext . LA convention CENTER - day ( morning ) the marquee proclaim : INTERNATIONAL church choir 18th - 21st : american bar association . castor exit -- politely hold the door for a beat cop . int . archer' office - day ( morning ) the office be a monument to obsession : photograph , clue , newsclip , totem of castor Troy surround a pace archer . archer ( on phone ) ... I do not have time to get a warrant from some hang - over judge . just give I the go-ahead , Victor , and I promise -- as soon as this be over -- you can brand my butt with the fourth amendment . the instant archer hang up -- the intercom buzy . kim ( v.o. ) Sir , you wife 's on line one ... s.i.s. on two ... archer tell she to hang on -- as archer punch up line two -- tito burst in . tito a jet be charter at Anderson airfield . guess who just show up to pay for it ? pollux Troy . archer scramble the reaction team -- we be move out . and get one of we people on that plane . tito but there 's still no sign of castor ... archer where one brother go , the other 's sure to follow ... they rush we ... the hold button on line 1 still blink . ext . private airport - establishing - day a sleek cadillac pull in ... stop next to a land Rover . lar mueller -- a muscular , crystal - eye jar-head -- get out of the caddy . a instant later -- lunt mueller -- emerge from the Rover . they be identical twin . the man scan the airport carefully , then open the rear door of they respective vehicle . castor emerge from the caddy -- armani clad . exiting the Rover be castor 's young brother pollux troy -- skittish , brilliant , paranoid -- a human hummingbird . pollux you be 26 minute late . the case do not fit -- right ? I know that cheap -shit Dietrich would rip we off ... castor oh , God -- ! pollux what !? castor I forget to turn the damn thing on ! pollux you be kid , right ? ( to the twin ) he 's kid ... ( grab castor by throat ) ... be you fuck kid !? castor hug pollux lovingly . pollux squirm like a kid . castor bro -- everything go fine . pollux I hate when you call I bro . pollux head for the jet . castor hand lunt a wad of cash . castor thanks for babysit . lunt anything else ? castor I will contact you when we get the rest of the money . ( turn to leave ) oh , and stat away from downtown . the inversion layer 's go to be pretty thick around the 18th . the twin nod ... then take off . castor head for the jet . int . jet - day castor hustle in -- exhort the pilot . castor let 's go , let 's go ! as the jet turbine start to whine , castor sink into he seat . a very sexy flight attendant appear and hand he a scotch . he downs it , look she over salaciously . flight attendant would you like anything else ? castor Hell , yes ... ( pull she into lap ) it 's the only way to fly . she smile , not mind , until the jet suddenly slow its taxi down the runway . cockpit castor yank open the door . castor what 's wrong ? at end of runway a squat car creep into view -- block the runway . ext . / int . humvee - moving - day behind the wheel be jon archer . beside he be tito . back to archer castor it 's archer . ( gun to Pilot 's head ) go , dammit ! suddenly the gun be blasted from castor 's hand . he turn around to see ... the Flight attendant behind they -- hold a smoking pistol . this be agent winter . winter f.b.i .! throttle down , captain ! but castor elbow the throttle up . the jet lurch forward , throw winter off balance . pollux tackle she as the jet pick up speed . int . humvee - day archer slam the vehicle into gear . archer get out . tito you be not play chicken with two ton of aluminum ... archer get out ! tito obey as archer peel out . the hummer roar at the jet . the jet pick up speed , try to get aloft . the humvee be aim right at it ... archer 's eye narrow . collision course as two hunk of metal bear down . the machine be second apart when -- archer look up to see ... winter ' face press up against the cockpit window , castor hold a gun to she head . archer cut the wheel -- just avoid the jet . the hummer skid to a stop as Federal back - up arrive -- but too late . archer watch a FBI chopper -- landing in a swirl of dust . as the jet pick up speed ... the hatch open . castor blast winter in the side and toss she onto the tarmac . inside castor smile at pollux , sense freedom , until ... ka - chunk : something pound the jet -- from above . castor lean out the hatch and see ... the chopper on top of they -- archer at the control . eye-contact -- year of hatred pass between this man . castor blast at he from the open hatch . the chopper 's leave windscreen spiderweb . archer jerk and weave -- dodging the bullet . the chopper pull away . the jet finally lift off ... when ... the chopper settles on the jet -- slamm at its tail . tarmac tito react to this madness -- as the chopper play a deadly game of leap - frog with the jet . the end of the runway be come up fast . archer crush the jet 's horizontal elevator flap . jet pilot can not budge the jet 's jamme yoke . thwart , he power back the throttle . thrust reverse . castor what be you do ? pilot the horizontal elevator 's smashed ! we can not lift off ! castor shoot the Pilot -- then take the control . he struggle to maneuver the jet . suddenly ... a biplane descend right at they -- about to land . archer pull up just as the jet swerve radically to avoid the biplane and slam into the hangar . jet plow through the glass door , the nose - wheel snap off . the plane skid right into the hangar -- finally stop at the wing . FBI chopper land . archer step out calmly -- like a cop about to write a traffic ticket . he hurry to join more FBI agent rush into the hangar ahead of he . int . hangar - day the jet hatch pop open -- castor leap from it , firing . two FBI agent drop -- riddled . pollux appear at the hatch -- a FBI sharpshooter fire , graze pollux 's shoulder . stagger , pollux fall -- castor catch he before he hit the floor -- simultaneously blasting the sharpshooter . castor drag pollux back into the smoke- fill hangar . archer arrive and quickly check the dead agent , he anger building . he signal tito and the other to spread out . deep in hangar a maze of airplane debris and heavy machinery . led by archer , the FBI agent pick they way through it . rookie loomis snap alert -- do he see something ? advance carefully , he come up on ... castor -- staunch pollux 's shoulder wound . pollux see the agent -- and fire . loomis hit the floor -- he bleed ear be shred . suddenly a forklift charge down on castor and pollux . tito be at the wheel . castor fire -- force tito to dive off . the forklift careen on -- drive apart the brother . the forklift upend a stack of heavy crate -- pin pollux . castor try to free he trap brother . pollux forget it -- go! go! he slap he Glock into pollux 's hand . castor wherever they put you , I will find a way to get you out ... pollux start firing -- cover castor as he run through a tunnel which lead to a adjoin hangar . suddenly wanda press she machine - pistol into pollux 's head . as pollux raise he gun -- tito grab he hand . tito -- not unless you want that 200 i.q. splatter all over the floor . ( as archer approach ) we get he now , jon . archer that 's what you always say . seal it off . I be go in . archer move away from the group and enter the tunnel . music as archer and castor begin they cat - and - mouse dance . sense archer , castor pause by a old landing gear . he draw a fresh pistol from he ankle holster and move on . archer pause at the landing gear ... he own stealthy movement mirrore castor 's . castor wait behind a stack of steel drum ... he gaze try to penetrate the darkness ... he snap he finger . the sound echoes as he try to draw archer in . archer react to the sound and snap back -- answer the challenge . as the deadly beat between they continue -- blam blam blam ! archer spin away just as castor open FIRE from the gloom ... one step ahead . intercut as necessary : castor jon , I be get a little annoyed by you obsessive need to spoil my fun . archer and how much will you ' fun ' net you this time ? boom boom boom ! half -blind shot send castor spin . a moment later , archer pursue ... SNAP ! he fit a new clip into he pistol . castor what 's it to you ? I declare it . here I be , back in the States for less than a week -- archer you be under arrest . incredibly , you still have the right to remain silent -- castor I have get something go down on the eighteenth ... it 's gonna be worse than anything God ever dumped on the pharaoh . I will give it up -- but my brother and I have to walk . archer no discussion -- no deal . castor what be you gonna do with I lock up ? you will drive you wife and kid nut ! I bet you daughter be just about ripe by now . what 's she name , janie ? enrage , archer step boldly forward -- try to draw he enemy out . silence -- then archer sense ... castor be behind he . he fire -- archer dive away . the barrage continue -- drive archer back between two huge turbine engine . as archer reload , he stare at the control panel switch . castor move in for the kill when he hear a final SNAP - SNAP . except it be not a finger snap ... it 's two switch . vrrrrooom ! the twin engine roar on ! unable to fight the churn tornado - force wind ... castor 's blast across the hangar ... slamm hard into the far wall . the engine stop and archer emerge -- join by tito . tito tell I he do not get away again ... then tito follow archer 's gaze to castor 's lifeless body . still as death -- somehow he mock smile survive . ext . airport tarmac - sunset heavily - manacle , a extremely agitate pollux be herde into a swat van by buzz and wanda . pollux where 's my brother ?! I want to see my brother ! the van take off -- pass a impose older man , flanke by two bodyguard . bully through the media , Assistant FBI director victor lazarro scan the devastation . approach archer , he watch as castor 's body be load on the ambulance . a sheet cover castor 's lifeless face . lazarro the oversight committee would have roast we for this one -- thank God it pay off . damn fine work . archer Real fine , Victor . especially the casualty . archer contemplate the slain agent -- they three body laid out in a row -- wait to be zip -locked . lazarro react grimly as a reporter snap a photo of the body . instinctively , the two man close rank . archer grab the Nikon , eject the film , then shove the camera back . lazarro classify information . no photograph . lazarro put a caring arm around archer 's shoulder and lead he away from the media ... and the carnage . lazarro you okay , jon ? ( off archer 's nod ) then go home . tell Eve . ext . archer' home ( santa monica ) - sunset a renovate craftsman . sipping a carton of milk , archer pull into the driveway . he sit , gather he thought . int . archer be home - night archer enter and see he wife eve . handsome , intelligent . archer hi ... ( no response ) ... what 's wrong ? she nod toward the kitchen . jamie be there -- a sullen and hard fifteen - year-old . there be cigarette carton on the table . eve she compliment for she ' F ' in history with a ' a ' in shoplift ... archer march into the kitchen -- note the crate of marlboros . Jamie matter - of - factly pour herself coffee . archer Nice stunt , Jamie . you break the law and I be expect to ignore it ? jamie that 's right -- it 's all about you . do not even ask I what happen . archer look to Eve for help . Eve shake she head -- nope . archer okay . what happen ? jamie like you would ever fuck believe I ! she bolt . in anticipation , Eve calmly open the door as Jamie rush out , then close it behind she . eve well , you try . you fail miserably , but you try . archer why will not she even talk to I ? eve maybe because you teach she never to speak to stranger . ( immediately regret it ) I be sorry ... that be not fair . Eve kiss he cheek -- then gather up she doctor gear . eve I have get patient wait . try again , jon . she hate you -- but she need you . archer Eve ... something in archer 's expression make she stop . eve jon -- what be it ? but he 's too overcome . he start to speak -- but can not . eve be it -- he ? it 's ... it 's over ? emotion avalanche across he face until he finally look up . Eve pull he close -- a shelter embrace for they both . archer I be go to make everything up to you and Jamie . I will put in for a desk job . we will go away , get counseling -- anything you want . this time , I mean it . int . archer home - night freshly dress , archer head down the hall . he pause at the door to Jamie 's room when he see -- Jamie . fully clothed , she 's fast asleep on she bed cluttere with clothes and assort girl -stuff . her face peaceful . archer look around she room ... see the stuff animal collect dust ... replace by makeup , jewelry , beefcake calvin klein ad and band poster , etc . archer 's startle to see a lacey bustier ... he little girl be grow up fast . and he 's miss it . he pull the blanket up over she and quietly slip out . the instant he leave , Jamie kick the blanket off . int . FBI build - day dominate by the FBI seal . archer step to the check point . security guard print , please . archer press he thumb to a scan-pad -- and be clear . int . bull pen - day efficient as a beehive -- agent , cryptologist , support staff buzz at they routine . archer stride through -- draw congratulatory nod and " thumb up " sign ... outside he office archer 's team be there . applaud . proud . uneasy with plaudit , he disperse the disappointed agent . archer much appreciate . now let 's get back to work , okay ? wanda ( to buzz ) be that stick ever gonna fall out of he ass ? archer 's well - build secretary -- kim brewster -- hand he he message . she 's hold a bottle of dom perignon . KIMBERLY the c.i.a. send this over . what should I do with it ? archer send it back and tell they to stop waste the taxpayer ' money . anything else , miss brewster ? KIMBERLY no , sir . he enter he office . kimberly sigh and turn to wanda . KIMBERLY four year -- and he still call I ' miss brewster . ' int . archer' office - day sitting at he computer -- archer scroll through castor 's file . he grimly contemplate face - after -face of Troy 's victim -- finally pause on a photo of he son Matthew . bury he feel , he type " case close " over castor 's image . archer start to press " enter " when tito come in . archer how 's loomis ? tito he need some surgery , but he 's go to be okay . that 's the good news ... archer go on . tito ... brodie and Miller from special ops need to see you . archer I do not have time for that cloak and dagger guy . Big ned brodie and athletic female hollis miller stroll in . brodie you better make time , jon. ( heft a disc ) we find this in the jet wreckage -- among pollux Troy 's effect ... archer accede as Miller pop in the disk . the computer screen display a cad schematic of the bomb . archer study it carefully -- unease grow . archer porcelain case ... thermal cloak ... undetectable payload . miller powerful enough to flatten ten city block . archer ' worse than anything God ever dumped on the pharaoh . ' ( to tito ) get pollux Troy . now . dissolve to : interrogation footage wire to a complex machine -- pollux seem to have he frustrated interrogator on the run . int . archer' office - day archer , lazarro , tito , brodie , Miller and other FBI official watch the monitor . pollux remain implacable pollux ( v.o. ) ( on screen ) that bomb be just a crossword puzzle to I ... a mental exercise . I never build it ... lazarro shut down the monitor ... turn to archer . archer he 's lie . lazarro he 's hook up to a full - spectrum polygraph . archer pollux be a manipulative psychopath . he can control he heartbeat , he sweat gland , he blood pressure ... lazarro jon , I trust you instinct , I always have . but D.C. want more evidence . and frankly , so do I . archer you will get all the evidence you need when ten thousand people die . lazarro we will get a team right on it . but we can not evacuate the city on what amount to a hunch . archer look at the gather brass . he know it 's hopeless . archer that bomb have be build , it 's out there somewhere and it 's go to detonate ... ext . FBI build - intelligence memorial - day word etched in the granite wall read : in honor of that member of the federal bureau of investigation who sacrificed there live in the line of duty archer watch as a workman engrave the last of the three new star among so many other -- each one honore the dead . brodie do not castor give any clue where the bomb might be ? archer only one person know -- he brother pollux . and he will keep he mouth shut until it blow . brodie we could plant a agent in he cell -- get he to spill the location . archer pollux be way too paranoid . the only person he would talk to about that bomb be castor himself . and dead man can not talk . brodie and Miller exchange a know look . brodie there might be a way around that ... full screen - castor' body tube and hose be plugge into every orifice . int . icu room - day archer stare at the body ... he can not believe it . archer why be you keep he alive ? ( get no answer ) as long as he 's breathe , he 's dangerous . miller relax , he 's a turnip . Miller grind out she cigarette on castor 's leg . of course , castor just lie there like a vegetable . brodie we can arrange for you to enter erewhon prison -- as castor Troy . archer what be you talk about ? archer turn as dr . malcolm hoag ( 5as ) enter the room . hoag I think I would better answer that question . ( offer hand ) malcolm hoag . I run the physiological camouflage unit for special ops . archer I know who you be . miller but you do not know what he can do . physical augmentation ; enhancement surgery ... brodie ... he can disguise a compromise agent or alter the likeness -- even the voice -- of a government witness . hoag let I show you how it 's do . ( lead he out ) I think you will recognize we patient ... int . hoag be surgical BAY - day loomis lie still as a surgeon carefully scrape away char flesh around he burn ear . the doctor turn to a -- stereo-lithographic machine laser -beam attack a organic soup with incredible precision . the light force a chemical reaction -- and out of the soup -- a ear begin to form . it rise from the liquid , now fully - form . the surgeon take the ear and fit it in place on loomis 's head . he start suture . observation booth - above archer , hoag , brodie and Miller watch the operation -- video - enhance by the two huge screen on the far wall . hoag with we new generation of anti - inflammatory , heal be accelerate from week to day . by he next paycheck , he will not even remember which ear he lose . ( a beat ) you situation , however , would be a little less permanent ... brodie -- and a lot more classified . hoag hold up a face -size organic shell make up of yellow cartilage piece and tendon , etc . archer pull it over he face -- like a gauze mask . a " tendon " fall off . archer this will fool pollux . hoag that be a state - of - the - art morpho - genetic template . the inside can be build to match the exact shape of you skull ; the outside -- exactly like castor 's . then we fit he face right on top -- miller -- and you become he . archer you be talk about remove the guy 's face ? brodie borrow , jon . the procedure 's completely reversible . miller one way or the other -- the mission end on the eighteenth . archer turn the shell over and over and over in he hand . brodie you know castor better than anyone . you have live and breathe he for year -- hell , you even look a little like he . archer shove the template back at hoag . archer find yourself another lab-rat . miller if you do not do this -- castor will beat we again . he will beat you again ... archer push he way past they -- and march out . hoag I do not think that go very well . brodie trust we , Doc ... miller ... he will jerk around . then he will be back . int . interrogation booths - day archer enter ... size up dietrich hassler . his stylish garb do not completely hide he criminal root . archer sit down calmly . he look at he watch . archer I be in a hurry , Dietrich . so you have only get ten second to go through you usual litany of lie , empty threat , and moronic denial . then I be come over there -- dietrich if you be in such a fuck hurry -- why be you waste you time with I ? I be just a art dealer . archer you be a dealer , all right : technical secret , munition ... explosive . dietrich you have never prove any of that . and when my bitchy , never - be - laid femi-nazi lawyer get here , she 's go to ... archer time 's up . archer topple the wooden table and tear a leg from the top . brandish it -- he stalk the startle thug . hallway just outside - continuous action lazarro blanch as a obsessed archer repeatedly slam the table leg against the wall -- above Dietrich 's head . lazarro the only tick bomb I see be inside he head . he 's get worse , tito . tito do not worry , sir . it 's all a act ... but as lazarro leave -- we see tito 's worried , too . back inside booth archer have a terrify Dietrich back into the corner . dietrich ... okay ! castor call I but I blow he off ... I swear I never see he . and I do not know anything about any bomb ! int . corridor - outside interrogation booths - same time archer emerge ... eye blaze . archer let he go , but I want he watch ... who 's next ? tito just Dietrich 's sister ... in another booth , a careworn but strike woman sit with a little boy on she lap . she gently help he Crayola a book . this be sasha hassler ( 30 ) and she son adam ( 5 ) . int . interrogation booth - day archer hover over sasha -- she maternal warmth replace by a icy hatred . tito and the child be go . archer when be the last time you see castor Troy ? sasha who care ? he 's dead . archer answer the question . sasha look , I be clean . I teach kid now -- archer sasha -- you be a felon , on probation for harbor castor Troy . so it 's in you best interest to cooperate . ( as she 's silent ) would you like you son put in a foster home ? sasha 's eye flash , she body coil -- but she keep control . sasha no , but I be sure you would love it -- you sick bastard . archer ( unmove ) when be the last time you see castor Troy ? she stare at he with equal amount of pity and hatred . sasha I have not see he for year . int . corridor - day archer watch as Adam leave Dietrich and jump into sasha 's arm . she hug he protectively . Adam see archer watch they -- and smile . archer do not smile back . full screen - castor' real face pull back to : int . i.c.u . - night archer slowly circle castor 's muscular , hairy , tattooe body . although on life support -- he signature smirk remain . archer what about lazarro ? brodie no way -- the red tape alone would take a month . this be a black - bag operation -- completely off the book . miller if you need he , tito can help you prepare . but you know the drill : you can not tell anyone -- not the director , not you wife ... nobody . archer 's face show he do not like it -- then he nod . archer I be in . ext . archer home - night archer slowly get out of he car . trudge toward the front door , he pick up a basketball and take a shot . his form be terrible -- he miss by a mile . int . hallway - night archer pass Jamie 's room . loud music pound from within . he pause to knock , think again , then head down the hall . int . master bedroom - night Eve be in bed . archer come in quietly and sit beside she -- study she peaceful , sleep face . she stir . eve I be dream ... archer something good ? eve I be not sure ... you be fly this weird old stunt plane ... do flip ... walk on the wing ... I be watch from the ground -- when you fall . you have a parachute , but you would not open it . archer do you catch I ? eve no. archer how come ? eve I do not know ... ( nuzzle he ) maybe because you have never need my help . archer come on , you make that up , do not you ? eve ... maybe I do ... ( teasing ) ... maybe I do not ... they kiss affectionately . Passion building , Eve run she hand over he body -- until she finger touch a round scar on he chest . archer freeze -- mid-caress . eve it 's all right , jon . archer after all this year , I still can not get it out of my head -- a inch to the leave , matty would still be alive . eve and you would not be . no response . the pain hide in he silence chill Eve . eve thing will get better now that you be home . everything will be better -- now that ... that man be finally out of we life . archer Eve ... he start to say the word . he want , need to share the truth with she . but he can not . instead -- archer ... if I have to do something to find some closure ... I should do it , should not I ?... no matter how crazy ? eve oh , God -- you be go on assignment again ... archer one last time . and while I be go , I want you and Jamie to go to you mother 's . it 's important ... eve you say you would be here ! you promise ! what could be more important than that ? archer I can not tell you ... except only I can do it . eve you want I to tell you it 's okay to leave ? okay , go on ! go ! fury erupting , Eve push archer out of the bed . int . another bedroom - night archer enter a child 's room -- neat and tidy , like a museum exhibit . a starfield of glow - letter twinkle faintly . he lie down on the bed and toy with he wedding band -- stare up at the word the star form ... " matthew . " dissolve to : int . convention CENTER - machine room - blinking light - night the blink LED of the bomb timer continue to count down . int./ ext . ' 56 buick / mountain road - moving - day tito drive into the hoag compound . archer 's beside he , juggling castor 's dossier : document , photo , etc . tito jon , this be goddam insane . you can not do it . archer say nothing ... it 's too late for debate . tito park . the man get out and head for the lab . tito you have not get a chance in hell of fool pollux . castor drink , smoke and walk around with a 24 - hour hard - on . he 's nothing like you -- archer do not worry ... if hoag can do half what he claim , I will get pollux to talk . archer reach for the door -- tito stop he . tito it 's not that simple , jon ... become another person -- especially he -- nobody can come all the way back from that ... not even you . archer consider he friend 's word ... he toy with , then remove , he wedding bang . archer keep this for I . as tito take the ring -- a caring , but concerned look pass between the two friend . int . surgical BAY - day two huge video screen be dominate by the cg -image of archer and castor . as hoag brief the team , the cg - image glow to reflect the physical characteristic hoag refer to . hoag let 's walk through it , jon . you blood type be different , but we can not do anything about that . otherwise , nature be cooperate nicely . the height difference be negligible -- within 1 / 2 a inch . Eye color -- almost a perfect match . penis size , flaccid , essentially the same -- substantial . from the observation booth above -- Miller ( flanke by tito and brodie ) raise he eyebrow . on the video screen , the image morph to signify the physical augmentation . hoag hairline will be adjust with laser - shear ... micro-plug for the body hair ... the tooth will be bond to match castor 's ... hoag eye castor 's inert , tight body -- then turn to archer -- prodding he love handle like a livestock inspector . hoag how about a abdominoplasty ? archer abdomino -- what ? hoag a tummy tuck . on the house . archer do it . transformation montage ( intercut huge video screen enlargement of archer and castor 's body part as necessary ) : globule of adipose tissue be siphon off archer 's oblique . at the same time ... hoag recreate the " great sphinx " tattoo on archer 's thigh . we push in on he leg , then pull back to reveal ... archer and tito . the close up on he leg become a full shot as he walk across the rooftop -- like himself . tito demonstrate the proper " castor gait " : dangerously casual , like a panther . hoag reproduce castor 's fingerprint ... then layer they over archer 's finger . archer practice castor 's icy , killer glare . tito hand he a light cigarette . archer bring the cigarette to he lip -- then cough harshly . but he keep try . castor smile ... then smirk and laugh . pull back to reveal archer study surveillance footage of castor on a monitor - screen -- mimick he . archer fuss with he new hair , try to cover the thin spot . give up , he zip up he sweatshirt -- get the zipper catch in he new chest hair . ext . hoag institute - ground - day tito toss a pistol . archer catch it with he right hand . but to archer 's surprise , tito frown . tito Nice catch . but you use the wrong hand . he take the pistol away -- and slap it in archer 's leave hand . then tito shove he -- challengingly . tito shoot I . ( as archer do not move ) shoot I ! tito pull the gun against he own forehead . tito you want to be castor Troy ? if you hesitate for a breath , you be finish ! now -- shoot I ! kill I ! archer hold the gun unsteadily . tito be disgust . tito you can not do it ... because castor be tougher than you ... boom ! the gun go off -- the slug tear past tito 's head . shock , he touch he leave ear , make sure it 's still there . then tito look at archer -- and see the determination . ext . hoag be facility - night clear and calm . God 's night . someone 's God anyway . int . i.c.u. room - night hoag lead archer to a full - length mirror . hoag let 's see if I miss anything before I get my hand really dirty . archer remove the robe . he 's amaze to see : his own head on castor 's body : a flat stomach , hairy chest , tattoo , thinning hair , etc . hoag touch archer 's scar . hoag you realize this have to be remove . ( as archer slowly nod ) then here we go , Commander . through the look Glass ... int . surgical BAY - night unconscious , archer be wheeled into the surgical bay , castor beside he . hoag turn to the video technician . hoag make sure you get everything -- I will need to study the tape before the reverse surgery . hoag lower a aerate plexiglas mask over archer 's face . interwoven with integrate laser circuitry -- this derma - induction - device ( d.i.d. ) attaches via suction . hoag sight through the optical memory , squeeze the trigger . a cobalt beam cut around the face -- cleanly slice it . then hoag lift archer 's face -- off of he skull . brodie and Miller watch from above . tito stumble into the nearby bathroom to throw up . hoag inspect archer 's face , then turn to he nurse . hoag vault it . hoag turn to perform the same procedure on castor . castor 's consistent eeg read suddenly spike radically -- for a moment , it almost seem to stabilize . hoag glance over -- too late -- the spike have disappear . but the camera close in on castor 's ear -- and we sense that , somehow , he auditory nerve might be function . dissolve to : int . recovery room - day a head swathed in gauze . the bandage start to fall away . tito , Miller and brodie wait as hoag remove the gauze . the patient look into a mirror . jon archer have become castor Troy . he touch he new face . archer stare ... the cold reality chill he blood . archer buckle -- unprepare emotionally for what he 's do to himself . for a moment , he seem to teeter on madness . tito jon -- be you all right ? archer can not respond ... he 's somewhere the other can not comprehend . finally he emerge ... shake , but in control . tito enter . instinctively , he grab for he holster . archer okay ... I be okay . ( realize ) but my voice ... I still sound like I . hoag I implant a micro-chip onto you larynx . hoag switch on a audio tape . archer repeat castor 's word as hoag adjust the chip with a wavelength box . castor ( v.o. ) archer okay , I have get a okay , I have get a confession to make , but confession to make , but you be not gonna like you be not gonna like it ... ( etc. ) it ... ( etc . ) after a few repetition , archer 's voice match perfectly . archer yawn , squint and furrow he brow -- testing every muscle . he stare into the mirror -- into the eye of he most hate enemy -- now he eye . archer slowly turn to ... castor . motionless , swathed , dead to the world -- but something about castor 's smile -- that mock smile ... archer now what ? tito we be down to 72 hour . let 's call lazarro . castor Troy just come out of he coma . ext . FBI heliport - day armed agent take they position around a helipad . a jet-black helicopter drop from the sky like a angry wasp . ext . helipad - day as lazarro watch -- tito escort out a heavily - manacle " castor . " two armed agent leap from the chopper and take charge of " castor . " he follow they pliantly , until -- tito watch this hard - case -- he will bite you nut off if he get the chance ! archer get the message . he start to resist the agent and must be muscle into the chopper . he 's manacle down . Eye contact between archer and tito -- both aware of this very real point of departure . the chopper door slam shut . it lift off like a twister and scream away . ext . heliport - staging area - day the watch team break up , wander back to work . loomis what a week for archer to go on a training op . maybe we should try to contact he . wanda forget it . he 's knee - deep in Georgia swamp by now . they pass brodie and Miller , who watch the chopper disappear over the horizon . so far so good . int . chopper - flying - day the agent re-check archer 's chain . archer do not forget -- I order a kosher meal ... the agent smashes he elbow into archer 's gut . the second agent press a injector against archer 's leg . psssst . archer spasm against the drug -- then sag unconscious . int . erewhon prison - delousing cubicle archer wake up as a torrent of delouse spray hit he . a guard hold a water cannon on the newest inmate . archer lie gasp on the steel floor , protect he face . the spray stop -- when head guard " red " walton enter . walton you be now a erewhon inmate -- a citizen of nowhere . human rights zealot , the geneva convention and the p.c. police have no authority here . you have no right ... ( slap on latex glove ) when I say you ass belong to I -- I mean it . Bend over . archer 's face reflect the degradation as he bend over and expose all to the cavity - search Guard . satisfied , Walton let archer dress . another guard place a pair of odd - look steel boot before archer . walton step into they . archer inspect the lock -down boot . hinge steel collar hook over the shoe and encase the ankle . the sole be gridd steel with magnetic insert . walton do not sniff them , you perv . just step into they . archer obey . a guard squat down and lock the steel collar over archer 's shoe . he try to move -- but can not . archer they be too tight . walton so 's a noose . now keep you mouth shut . Walton jolt archer with he high - voltage SHOCK -stick . walton the prison 's one big magnetic field . the boot will tell we where you be -- every second of the day . ( into comm - link ) 201 to population . Walton press he thumb into a standard FBI scan-pad . it form a print -- positively identify the guard . the heavy blast - door automatically open . walton I have get fifty buck say you be dead by dinner . do not disappoint I . Walton prod archer toward the door . to archer 's surprise -- he can now move . int . general population - day the inmate eat . silence descend as archer enter -- intensify the constant humming of the magnetic field . huge dubov do a slow burn on see " castor . " scan the room for pollux -- archer take a seat next to a little , goateed man with a french accent . little man hey , castor -- remember I ? archer fabrice voisine ... sure , I -- ( catch himself ) -- I believe jon archer bust you for poisoning five member of the the canadian parliament ? voisine ( little man ) that scumbag should never have vote against the quebecois . ( a beat ) we hear you get waste . archer see the other inmate size he up . archer do I look waste -- asshole ? voisine shake he head " no " -- then he eye widen as ... wham . dubov leap onto archer and start pummel he . they slide across the table -- spilling everyone 's lunch . guard ( into comm -unit ) Central . I have a disturbance in population . go to lock down -- walton ( into comm -unit ) hold that lock down . Walton watch as dubov throw archer across the room . archer stagger to he foot -- and see the encircle inmate and guard look at he -- unimpress . especially he " brother " pollux -- who watch uncertainly . dubov attack again -- but archer be ready . he grab dubov 's fist -- just before it hit he face . archer never -- in -- the -- face . holding dubov 's fist firmly , archer kick dubov repeatedly in the groin . Metal boot meeting soft flesh . dubov stagger back -- hurt . archer move in for the kill , savore it . Walton look skyward . walton lock them down . intercut with : up above - central security the prison 's nerve center -- with video - feed and monitor design to keep problem and privacy to a minimum . the two deputy react to Walton 's call . identify archer and dubov 's signature - blip -- they throw the appropriate switch and ... zap ! the magnetic boot lock both inmate to the floor . dubov flail hopelessly -- but archer 's just out of reach . crack ! Walton punch archer in the diaphragm . archer what ? he start it ! Walton smashes archer harder -- he hit the floor . archer when I get out of here -- walton you will what ? archer I be go to have you fire . his statement be so ludicrous , Walton laugh . everyone do . from the inmate ' reaction , archer know he 's be accept . walton ( to dubov ) that 's two strike , dubov . one more and you know where you be go . ( to the other ) back to you ' suite ' -- or no dinner . as archer drop into the line of con -- he spot pollux wait for he . gird himself for this first encounter -- he 's get a plan . pollux hey , bro ... archer -- pollux ? pollux of course it 's pollux , what the fuck 's wrong with you ? archer stare -- feign confusion until Walton prod he forward . pollux watch he " brother " go -- very concerned . int . archer' cell - night archer lie on he cot -- stare at the ceiling . isolate , lonely , he realize how easy it would be to go insane here . ext . hoag institute - night a insanely starry night . Van gogh 's night . the night he cut off he ear , anyway . int . surgical BAY - night castor 's body lie inert . his life - support machine blipping away . until the eeg spike . once -- twice -- three time . Brain wave activity increase -- and stabilize . castor 's finger twitch . then he fist clenches -- hard . castor 's head be swathed in gauze . but he eye pop open . reflexively , castor wrench from the bed -- tear out the tube and wire that tether he to life support . he go down -- in agony -- groan . he struggle to he foot -- staggering through the lab -- until he catch the reflection of he bandage face in the window . he quickly unwrap the gauze . the discard bandage fall at he foot ... we do not see what castor see -- but we hear he moan ... then choke ... then scream -- the only moment castor ever lose he cool . finally compose himself -- castor 's hand grip the phone and he dial . castor lar ... okay , lunt , then . ( rifling desk document ) something really fuck - up happen ... I be in trouble ... so listen very carefully ... ext . hoag institute - night ( later ) a range rover screech up . at gunpoint , lar and lunt manhandle hoag into the lab . int . surgical BAY - night lar and lunt hustle hoag in . the lab be on . the screen run -- scrolling through the video log of archer 's surgery . hoag see he terrify assistant -- bound with duct tape . hoag what 's this about ? what do you want ? lar shove hoag into a tower figure ... we zoom in on hoag 's glass . and through the reflection we see ... man without face hoag react in horror at the raw muscle , cartilage and bone . the man lift a cigarette to he lip ... then exhales . castor what do you think I want ? int . prison - population - day a huge wall - screen play gentle nature scene . below -- the inmate engage in they exercise hour . voisine stare at the screen -- while pollux carefully watch he " brother " play basketball . archer toss up a air-ball to the jeer of other inmate . pollux you realize , of course , that magnetic hum be design to drive we insane . if we all do not get brain tumor first . voisine and that same cloying bambi tape -- over and over ... pollux it 's like they be begging we to riot . where the fuck be we , anyway ? ( the game end ) gotta go ... pollux trot over to archer -- pass he he cigarette . he study archer as he take a drag -- and nearly gag . pollux ... I be worried about you . archer why ? pollux you jumpshot have no arc . you use to swagger ... now you swish . you be gum that butt like a Catholic school girl . ( notice ) and why do you keep pick at you finger ? pollux have catch archer reflexively tug at he phantom wedding ring . archer immediately stop . he take a drag and hold it -- then exhales right in pollux 's face . archer I be in a coma ... pollux stick he finger under archer 's eye and pull down like a vet examine a sick dog . archer push he off . archer my reflex , my sense , my memory ... everything 's jumble . I can not even tell you why dubov jump I yesterday . pollux you Pollinate he wife the day he be arrest . how could forget that ? archer I have forget plenty . look around -- we have screw over half the freak in here . what 's gonna happen to we if they think I have lose it ? pollux contemplate the other inmate -- circle , size up the brother like hungry shark . instinctively , pollux move closer to archer for protection . archer I need you to play big brother for once -- till I can fill in a few blank . think you can handle that ? pollux nod grimly -- then archer pull up he sleeve , expose the pyramid tattoo . archer I know I get this on my tenth birthday . I just can not remember why . pollux man -- that be the worst day of we life ! archer feign a " struggle " with he memory . he light a new butt with the old -- chain-style ... then " remember . " archer oh , God -- Mom o - D would at County General . pollux retching and convulse while that bastard do not even try to save she sorry ass . you give she mouth to mouth -- man -- even then you have some constitution . ( a beat ) remember what you swore to I at the funeral ? archer uh -- to kill the doctor ? pollux after that . you promise you would always take care of I . archer and I bet I keep that promise ... pollux only one you have never break . pollux curl into archer -- in need of comfort . archer put a affectionate arm around pollux -- spring the trap . archer screw the past . we have get the future to look forward to . ( a beat ) we still have tomorrow . pollux no shit ... five million buck ... now that Red militia crackpot get to keep it . archer that 's not the worst part . pollux what 's worse than lose five million buck ? archer be stick in this rat-hole when it blow . what you build be a work of art . it belong in the smithsonian . pollux beam with pride -- archer hang on every word . pollux yeah -- well ... the L.A. Convention Center will have to do ... archer thanks , pollux . pollux ' thanks ' ? I guess they really do fuck you up . then archer smile -- like jon archer . without know exactly why -- a wave of ill-ease overtake pollux . int . archer' cell - day archer pace impatiently ... as the door roll open . Walton be look at he with cool respect . walton you have a visitor . archer smile to himself -- pleased at brodie 's timeliness . int . interrogation room - day archer 's boot lock down -- as the guillotine door rise . but he confidence evaporate into unspeakable horror . because he find himself stare into the blue eye of -- jon archer . this man have archer 's face -- he real face . impostor what 's the matter ? do not you like the new I ? archer study the image of he former self -- try to understand . then he recognize the smirk on the face , the mock twinkle in the eye and he say what he cannot say ... archer -- castor ...? castor not anymore . archer it can not be . it 's impossible . castor I believe the phrase Dr. hoag use be ' titanically remote ' . who know ? maybe the trauma of have my face cut off pull I out . or maybe God really be on my side after all . ( start pace ) by the way , I know you do not get the papers in here . continue to circle , he display the current LA Times : " inferno at hoag institute -- malcolm hoag Dead " castor terrible tragedy . hoag be such a genius -- but selfish with he artistry . I actually have to torture he assistant to convince he to perform the same surgery on I . archer you kill they ? castor of course I kill they , you dumb fuck . hoag , he staff ... flash on hoag 's body -- on the floor of the burn lab . two more burn body adjoin hoag 's . castor Miller and brodie -- flash on brodie and Miller -- dead in a mangle car wreck . castor I even pay a visit to you buddy tito . archer he do not know anything about this ! castor come on , jon . I think I know you better than that . I only wish you could have be there to see the look on he face -- flash on tito ... he smile , then recoil in shock as castor lift a pistol and shoot he ... then he pick up archer 's wedding band off the counter ... int . erewhon prison ( present ) archer stare -- thunderstruck -- at the wedding band now on castor 's finger . castor -- then again , I guess you be there . ( a beat ) I torch every shred of evidence that prove who you be . so swallow this -- you be go to be in here for the rest of you life . archer castor , do not do this -- castor no discussion , jon -- no deal . now if you will excuse I , I have get a important government job to abuse , and a beautiful wife to fuck . Excuse I -- I mean ' make love to . ' archer freak out . he scream , flail -- unable to reach castor . castor open the door and guard rush in -- clubbing archer and shocking he senseless . walton sorry , sir . castor it 's quite all right . you never know what to expect from a psychopathic criminal ... int . cell block - day the guard dump archer into he cell . walton better be nice , castor . you could get mighty lonely now that pollux be go . archer pollux be -- what ? walton archer cut he a deal for turn state 's evidence . he 's be release ... archer Walton , you have to listen to I -- right now ! walton or what ? you will have I fire ? ( push a button ) you be confine until I say otherwise ... the steel panel shut - silencing archer 's plead voice . int . archer be car - moving - day sipping a beer , castor cruise past the suburban bliss : man on hammock ; woman chat ; kid play tag . castor ( sicken ) Jesus , what a life . castor try to catch a street address and roll past ... archer' house dress for work , Eve watch blandly as the car go by . a moment later , it back up and park . hiding the beer can , castor force a sheepish smile -- and get out . she do not smile back . eve I suppose it be only a matter of time before you forget where we live . castor sorry -- the job 's be murder lately . castor look she over -- she 's much sexier than he expect . eve so what happen to you ' important ' assignment ? castor what do you know about it ? eve I know exactly what you always tell I : absolutely nothing . castor it do not work out the way everyone think it would . where be you off to ? eve I have get surgery . castor surgery -- be you okay ? then he spot she medical bag . oops . eve do not try to charm I -- I be still angry . there be leftover in the fridge . castor have fun at work . castor kiss she good - bye -- on the mouth . eve what be with you ? castor do not I usually kiss my wife ? eve no. castor react as she get in the car and pull out . int . archer' house - day castor step inside , look around . castor what a dump . int . study - day castor sift through Christmas card from holiday past , study the one with photo . he 's memorize -- match name to face -- wanda 's , buzz 's , lazarro 's , etc . something else catch he eye . he find a floral notebook -- Eve 's diary -- and page through it . then , he read : castor '... " date-night " have be a typical failure ... we have not make love in almost two month ...' what a loser ... castor hear a voice . glancing across the hall , he see ... glimpse of jamie as she walk back and forth in she room , talk on the phone -- and wear only panty and a cropped T-shirt . castor step closer -- enjoy the view . castor the plot thicken . int . jamie' room - day Jamie stamp out she cigarette . jamie -- I get you e-mail , Karl . that poem be really sweet -- ( spot castor at door ) hang on a sec ... she slam it -- but he get he foot inside . jamie I will call you back . ( to castor ) you be not respect my boundary . castor I be come in , janie . castor push menacingly into the room . jamie ' janie ' ? castor spot she correct name embroider on a pillow . he gaze seductively -- unnerve Jamie as he step toward she . castor I do not think you hear I ... Jamie ... you have something I want ... he reach for she -- and right past she . he pick up a pack of cigarettes from the desk . jamie clarissa leave that here . castor ( shrug and light up ) I will not tell mom if you do not . jamie when do you start smoking ? castor you will be see a lot of change around here -- ( blow a perfect smoke ring ) daddy 's a new man . Jamie stare , astonished , as castor go out . int . erewhon prison - archer' cell fist bloody , voice hoarse , archer pound at the cell door . exhausted , he finally stop -- stare at the face of he enemy in the mirrore door -- the enemy who now have total command of he life . int . FBI - lobby checkpoint - day castor don he stern " archer " face as the gate guard check he thumbprint id . he 's clear and wave in . int . FBI interrogation booth - day buzz and wanda watch pollux through the two - way mirror . he 's gorging himself on a big lunch . castor arrive . buzz listen , sir ... we just want you to know ... wanda we be all really sorry about tito ... castor yeah , well , shit happen . buzz and wanda exchange a glance . to they , " archer " be just avoid he feeling again . castor how 's we star witness ? buzz he have not tell we a damn thing except what kind of mustard he like on he tongue sandwich . wanda if that bomb be out there -- we be almost out of time . lazarro ( o.s. ) archer ! lazarro stomp toward they ... furious . buzz and wanda quickly excuse themselves . lazarro you make a deal with pollux Troy ? he 's 'a manipulative psychopath . ' you own word , jon ! castor just let I do my job , Victor . lazarro the job I have be protect for the last eight year . from now on , you go strictly by the book . everything get clear by I . understand ? lazarro stomp off . castor watch he go , wheel turn . int . interrogation room - day castor enter -- shutting down the mike ... and the blind . castor you be suppose to be snitching -- make I look good . pollux ' look good ' ? ( drop food in disgust ) see that face -- I want to vomit . castor I be the one who have to look at this butt-ugly mug every time I pass a mirror . look at my eye , my chin , my perfect nose -- go ! ( consider he reflection ) archer take my life , so I be take he . bro , I be go straight . pollux sound like they take you brain , too ? castor imagine dillinger as J. Edgar Hoover . carlos the jackal run interpol . kaddafi head the mossad . think of the secret we could sell ... pollux listen carefully -- mind click like a abacus . pollux the drug agent we could expose . the movie star we could blackmail ! castor that 's just the bottom of the food chain . pollux -- what would happen if somebody plant a bomb on Air Force one ? pollux ... that somebody would get rich . and , I suppose , the nation would be pretty piss - off . castor piss -off , vulnerable ... look for someone to step in , take charge , give they hope again . what if that someone be a f.b.i. hero ? a true Boy scout and family man -- with a spotless past . imagine where that guy could land -- if the timing 's right . pollux it 's a audacious dream , caz . but jon archer be hardly a household name . castor not yet he be not . but after you ' confess ' -- you will be a free man . and I will be on my way ... ext . convention CENTER - day Police vehicle roar into position . squad of police evacuate throng of people . int . convention CENTER - sub - basement - extreme closeup - bomb timer - day tick down to less than two minute . work as a unit , the bomb squad carefully remove the bomb 's case . Inside , the complex gut glow evilly . the man be tense , cautious -- and way out of they league . bomb leader Jesus ... any suggestion ? technician yeah ... run castor push up he blast visor . he look grim . bomb leader it 's protect by a vibration detector ... one touch and ... castor evacuate you team , Captain . bomb leader Sir , you can not disarm it -- castor just go ! the bomb squad hustle out . wait until he 's alone , castor pull a radio device from he pocket and hit its switch . the bomb 's glow die instantly . extreme closeup - timer stop at 26 second . back to scene not satisfied , castor start it up again -- run the timer down to four second . that 's better . int . erewhon prison - " population " - day the inmate eat lunch . Walton enter -- prodding a beat jon archer ahead of he . walton a special privilege today : tv -- by order of agent jon archer of the f.b.i ... jeer from the inmate as the big screen change from the nature loop to ... CNN . on screen - convention CENTER " sweating , " castor lumber out , carry the disarm bomb . anchorman ( v.o. ) that be the scene at the L.A. Convention Center , where a f.b.i. agent be be hail as a hero . agent jon archer disarm a powerful bomb just second before it be set to explode . let 's get the latest from Valerie Rice ... ext . convention CENTER - day castor bask in the attention of the gather media . reporter rice the apparent target be a group of Supreme Court justice -- due to speak here today . ( thrust microphone ) Mr. archer , do you have any idea who plant it ? castor that 's classified . but if he 's listen I have a message for he : ( directly into camera ) Nice try . now you know who 's really in charge . int . erewhon prison - population watch the tv , archer 's enraged , frustrated . then he eye focus ... he watch closely as -- a guard use he " thumbprint id " to get through the security door . archer 's eye fall on the thumbprint scan pad . int . FBI - bullpen - day castor get a " thumb up " from some co-worker , other smile -- but they know better than to applaud . castor do not you guy watch tv ? where 's the parade ? they look at each other -- afraid . but proud rookie loomis start clap , so everyone else join in rouse applause . castor -- loomis , buzz , uh -- wanda ... all of you , thanks from the bottom of my heart . thanks for endure all that year I be a insufferable boor . from now on -- consider I reborn . wanda stop the press -- jon archer find a personality ... Wild applause ... interrupt by a excited Kim . kim Sir ... the White House be call . castor act startle ... as if at a loss . then he strut toward he office -- pause only to give Kim a playful swat on the rump . she 's stunne . int . archer' office - day castor survey he new domain . he settles into archer 's big leather chair ... see a frame photo of archer and family . he ape archer 's dumb pose smile ... castor jon , you career be finally take of . ( pick up phone ) archer . sure I will hold ... wait , he pick up a handbook : you and the FBI : a primer for New employee . then ... castor Mr. President , what a honor ... castor pump a " whack off " gesture with he hand . ext . archer be home - day castor , carry grocery bag , come into the back yard where Jamie practice free throw . he watch she miss . castor how about a game of horse ? jamie do not make I beat you butt again , dad . it 's harmful to my develop psyche . castor afraid you will lose ? castor crisply sink a free-throw . Jamie glare , take the ball -- and toss a air-ball . castor ' h . ' Jamie sneer at he . he bury another one . castor try put a higher arc on the ball ... and square you shoulder to the basket . begrudgingly , she listen -- and sink a clean shot . please , she nod . honk ! a BMW pull into the driveway . jamie gotta go . Karl 's here . Jamie trot over to greet karl ( 17 ) -- a clean - cut preppie . open the car door dor she , Karl wave , smile at castor . castor study Karl carefully , not like what he see . int . archer be home - night a tired Eve open the door . it 's pitch black inside . as she fumble for the light switch ... match flare as castor light a candle . the dining room table be set for a candlelight dinner . he smile warmly at she confusion . castor do not tell I you forget . Eve -- it 's date night ! dine room - later Eve look up from she pasta . after a awkward silence . eve why do I feel like I be on a blind date ? castor it 's important to keep some mystery ... so thing stay ... unpredictable . Eve study he as he pour she more wine . her smile slowly fade as she realize what 's go on . eve ' unpredictable ' ? you be about as unpredictable as the tide . ( detach ) how long be you go to be go this time ? castor go ? eve be not that what all this be about ? the wine , cooking I dinner -- you next assignment ? castor I be not go anywhere . eve you always say that -- then you leave . castor I bet I deserve that . I bet jon archer be the most inattentive , sexless spouse on Earth . eve jon , that 's not true -- castor of course it 's true , but I be try to change ? I be here because I want to be alone with you . I want to see the candle - light dance in you beautiful -- uh-oh . castor can not tell the color of Eve 's eye . he lean in " romantically " -- but we know the real reason . castor -- brown eye . he smell she hair , then she shoulder , she skin . she 's arouse , but wary . so castor go in for the kill . castor I want it all to be just right ... when I tell you about my promotion . eve you what ? castor well , I do not have it yet . but lazarro 's get old -- he will not be around forever . and I be get the itch to move up . eve jon ... that 's wonderful . castor so you see , I be not go anywhere . unless it 's upstairs with you ... int . bathroom - night castor carry Eve into the shower and spin on the water . he rip she blouse open -- on she like a vulture to carrion . as they drop to the floor of the stall -- water fill up around they -- castor lick she ear and whisper ... castor baby , it 's like I be have you for the first time . dirty water run down a floor drain ... pull back to : int . erewhon prison - population - night desolate , archer mop down the rec area . archer do not they ever let we take off this boot ? voisine not unless you be send to the ' Clinic . ' archer you mean if I get sick ? voisine they do not give two fuck about you health . the Clinic 's where they send the real hard - case for attitude adjustment . dubov just get send down -- and look at wainwright -- voisine gesture to a daze inmate nearby -- wainwright -- who sit in a corner -- gnaw at he knuckle . voisine toughest bastard I ever see -- after you , of course . now he 's a fuck drool case . archer what do he do ? voisine he hit a guard . archer see Walton hover nearby . archer head for he . walton look for trouble , castor ? archer as a matter of fact -- yes . crack ! archer deck Walton . int . prison - population - night Walton and a guard herd archer toward a steel door . int . " clinic " - night archer be dumped on the floor . he see he 's lie in a puddle of something . he look up -- and recoil . archer be Pov - dubov be strapped to a vertical gurney -- post-procedure . his limb be stiff , he eye blank as a mako shark 's . but he foot be bare -- bootless . med-tech where 's the mop , he puke all over the place . a assistant unstrap dubov and drop he on a gurney . med-tech ( mop up ) -- next time , bring they in before dinner ... archer case the place : above be a catwalk ... lead out . back to scene Walton muscle archer into the gurney . the med- tech smirk . med-tech oh happy day -- castor Troy . the med- tech wheel the ect head - gear cart into place : twin needle - like bolt ready to fit into archer be ear . a single blue static spark jump from the bolt . Walton roughly wedge archer 's head into the head gear , shove the chew - up bite strap into archer 's mouth . walton bite hard , scumbag , ' cause you will be gum baby food from here on out . med-tech get he boot , sergeant . Walton unlock archer 's first boot and pull it off . as the med-tech start to fasten archer 's arm -- Walton unlock and pull off the second boot . archer 's foot be free . crack ! he yank he foot up hard -- Walton reel back , stunne . one arm still restrain , archer backroll in the gurney and kick the head - gear cart away -- knock it into the med-tech who collapse onto it , hit " test " -- zap ! the head - bolt FIRE , catch the med-tech through the shoulder -- he drop to the floor , he synapse shot . see that archer be still restrain by the arm -- the assistant dart out of the room . as archer pull free -- Walton loom over he -- gun poise . then -- wham ! dubov wallop Walton -- use he boot as brass knuckle . the head guard collapse . dubov smile dumbly at archer -- all trace of vendetta now obliterate . archer nod gratefully -- they be on the same team ... at least for now . suddenly the alarm blare . archer see guard charge the room . he try close the door -- but the guard arrive . dubov lumber over and put he massive weight into it -- and slam the door shut . o.s. , guard pound at the now -locked door . archer quickly frisk Walton -- come up with a cigarette lighter . he pocket it . scan around -- archer leap onto a mount , hinge lamp . it swing against the wall . archer use it to reach the catwalk above . archer dubov -- come on ! dubov obey and follow archer up onto the catwalk . a groggy Walton muscle open the door from inside . Guards pour in . Walton grab a auto -rifle and open FIRE . slug chase archer and dubov as they flee through the catwalk door . int . central security control two guard watch archer and dubov disappear off the clinic 's monitor . they grab they shock -stick and rush for the door . the door open -- revealing dubov and archer . perfectly in synch -- they double cold - cock the startle guard . archer grab a shock -stick -- and fuse the door shut . he yank out wire and shatter the computer . dubov mimic the behavior -- rip out a entire console -- and revealing a narrow cable duct . flame explode -- short the circuitry -- the droning hum rise -- the magnetic power monitor show a dangerous surge . around prison Chaos . Guards scatter as the huge diamond - vision screen explode and inmate be flung like rag-dolls by they short - circuit boot . anything metallic fly into the magnetic dome . security central as the man back through the cable duct -- archer struggle to replace the heavy console . the door be blown open . Walton enter to find ... no one . then he eye light on the console -- slightly askew . int . cable corridor archer and dubov rush down the tight corridor -- and around the bend . the corridor end in a ... storage / maintenance area line with tool , toilet , sink , a rack of old lock - down boot . they race through the far door ... int . central tower room archer and dubov find themselves in a multi-level labyrinth . a hundred foot high -- criss -cross with catwalk , staircase and high wall . echoes resound -- shout , footstep getting closer -- they seem to be come from all around they . over the magnetic hum -- archer notice loose screw and other metal debris stick to the sheer wall . he pull one screw away -- and let it fly back into the polarize wall . archer get a idea -- and look back the way they come . smash CUT : sheer wall archer and dubov scale the face -- use the old metal boot . they climb higher and higher as ... Guards criss -cross the catwalk and staircase below and around they -- oblivious . archer and dubov almost reach the next level when ... walton there ! bullet smack the wall around they -- just as archer and dubov reach the next catwalk . archer spot the emergency exit security door at the far end . but four guard descend on they -- and block they way . fist fight as archer and dubov take on the attack guard . archer heave one down the stair -- into more guard . dubov drop another over the catwalk . they continue they desperate race for the door -- reach the landing . as bullet ping around they -- hulk dubov rip away a floor panel . he use it as a shield as archer spark up Walton 's lighter . as slug explode into the shield -- archer place the flame to he thumb ... and peel off the skin mold . he press he thumb to the door 's keypad . to he horror , its LED read " print unreadable . " Walton and guard movie in , firing at closer and closer range . dubov stagger under the fusillade of bullet . the shield be repeatedly puncture -- and be quickly disintegrate . archer lick he thumb , try again . finally it read " clearance confirm " ... the door slide open . archer let 's go ! dubov heave the shield at the encroach guard -- but as he turn to follow ... Walton blows he away . archer reach to pull dubov through , but the riddled inmate ignore the help hand . pull the door shut , he collapse in front of it -- block it momentarily . int . high catwalk tower archer hesitates for a moment ... but that 's all he have . he keep go ... up the wind staircase - catwalk -- higher and higher -- a step ahead of the onrush guard . as bullet clang around he -- archer reach the top . he ignore a sign which read ... emergency exit only safety line require he charge straight up a ladder and plow right through -- smash CUT : ext . prison - dawn archer 's blind -- it 's daytime in the real world . a sea gull fly across he face -- as we follow the bird ... pull way , way back to reveal : the prison 's in the middle of the goddamn ocean , in what appear to be just a abandon , rusty oil rig platform . archer rush over to a transport chopper . inside cockpit archer search for the key . no go . he throw switch . nothing work . Guards pour out of the hatch -- firing . archer leap from the chopper and jump over the side to the platform 's -- lower level he land hard on the slant , corrugate shed roof and roll to the ground . he grab a high - pressure hose -- and crank the pressure valve -- as the pursue guard close in . archer blast the guard with the water cannon -- knock Walton and other into the sea . archer upend a stack of oil barrel -- which roll into more guard . archer spot : tugboat pull a Zodiac dinghy -- head out to sea . archer jump up a stack of pipe to the south rail -- where the end of a crane 's hook be tag back . under FIRE -- archer frees the hook , which swing away from the platform . hanging on to the hook , it swing he out over the ocean . at the apex -- le let go and plummet down into ... choppy sea he pull himself into the zodiac and frees it from the tug . it roar off . ext . zodiac - moving - day the nylon craft zip through the wave -- approach San pedro Harbor . the engine sputter ... low on gas . archer come on ... come on ... archer sense something ... he look up and ... whoosh ! something swoops down -- but it 's just a pelican . he fiddle with the engine -- which finally die . archer grab the oar -- about to start row when -- another swoop ! this time it 's the prison chopper . archer spot a string of buoy dotting the harbor . a idea . wide shot the chopper settles over the Zodiac . wind and water swirl around archer ... chopper Walton , drench but obviously rescue , have archer in he sight ... he start to FIRE he machine gun ... zodiac bullet rain down on the boat -- destroy it -- as archer dive into the roll swell ... inside chopper Walton rake the debris -- shredd it . the chopper do a final circle of the wreckage ... then move off ... its rotor wash thrashing the buoy . under buoy archer have crawle up into the hollow buoy -- suck air . int . archer home - bedroom - day Eve 's asleep . castor , dress , look down at she like cortez at montezuma -- triumphant , with overwhelming power . ext . driveway - day head for the car , castor be about to light up when -- eve last night , I think -- this be not my husband . he pocket the smoke . Eve be there , dress somberly . eve then I wake up in the middle of the night -- and find you pass out in the study . castor I could not sleep -- you roll around a lot . ( jingle car key ) anyway , I be late . eve jon , you know what day it be . I know it 's difficult for you , but we still have to go . castor can not we skip it just this once ? I gotta ' protect and serve ' , you know . eve ' protect and serve ' later . you be go . castor okay , if you insist . but -- you drive . he climb into the front seat beside she . int . / ext . car - moving - day a pastoral , hilly area near the coast . castor so who 's this Karl creep Jamie 's be see ? he 's a little old for she , be not he ? eve I do not know ... they be about the same age we be when we met. ( smile ) remember the all - night dentist ? castor sure , how could I forget . ( change subject ) by the way , you never say anything about last night ... he move closer , stroking she hair as he beeper sound . eve be not you go to get that ? he turn he beeper off , then touch she lip with he finger . without know exactly why , Eve tense up . eve jon -- this be hardly the time or place . castor look around in surprise because he see she 's drive into -- sprawling memorial park they drive through the gate -- pass a church mark " ST . mary's-by-the -sea . " nearby , the ocean roar . ext . ST . mary cemetery - day it 's beautiful here , strike and sad . now on foot , castor follow Eve up a bluff , through a phalanx of grave -- with no idea where she 's lead he . finally she stop at a crucifix - top headstone . castor join she and read the etched marble stone : Matthew archer , Age 5 belove Son &amp ; brother we cherish you always stun , castor watch as Eve kneel beside the marker . eve happy birthday , matty . she place a few child 's toy on the marker ... a shark ... a little bulldozer ... a spaceship . overwhelm with grief , she collapse into castor . eve he take we baby , jon . he take we little boy . full screen - castor' face he stare at the grave of the boy he kill -- the boy whose mother be weep into he chest . the ever-present smirk be long go as castor stiffly return Eve 's embrace -- maybe , just maybe , feel the victim 's pain . castor stop cry ... stop cry ... stop ... int . FBI bullpen - day shake off he funk , castor arrive at the office . wanda you pick a helluva day to leave you beeper off ! castor what happen ? wanda castor 's dead ! castor he 's -- what ? buzz somehow he escape from erewhon . but a prison chopper mow he down just off Long Beach Harbor ... castor where 's the body ? wanda it have not be recover yet . castor ' it have not be recover yet ! ' you people have no idea who you be deal with ! ( beat ) I want everyone on this , report on the half hour , and all lead get route through my office . buzz , alert the l.a.p.d . buzz l.a.p.d.? even if he be alive , castor be not stupid enough to come back to the city . castor he 's alive -- and he 's already here . move ! ext . pier - night something bob up in the surf . archer be thrash ashore by the breaker ... he crawl gasp onto the sand . he take a few breath -- then stagger up onto the beach . ext . tito's STREET - night archer 's heart sink as he see the yellow police cordon tape across tito 's front door . some teenage cholos notice he -- so archer keep right on go . int . tito's duplex - night a rear window be force open -- archer pull himself in . in the dim light , he see the bullet hole on the wall ... then the blood stain within the forensics chalk mark . he buckle and have to sit down . take a deep breath , he pick up the phone and dial . archer Dr. archer please . it 's a emergency . ( listen ) -- her husband . archer wait . he pinch he throat -- try to dislodge the vocal implant . his voice scramble into garble static . archer hello , Eve -- I know this sound crazy , but -- ( reverting back ) dammit . int . hospital - er - night eve deftly stitches up a gash above little Iris 's ( 8 ) eye . eve how do this happen , sweetie ? iris' dad she fall off she Big - wheel . something about he too-quick response rankle Eve . she eye the yuppy dad with suspicion -- then note some bruise on the child 's arm . a nurse enter . nurse Dr. archer -- you husband 's on three . eve get child service down here -- and do not let she father leave . ( go to wall - phone ) jon ? hello ? intercut archer and Eve as necessary . archer Eve , listen carefully . the man you think be you husband -- be not . eve who be this ? archer please , just listen ! take Jamie and go to you mother 's in Santa Fe . do not tell he where you be go -- just go . eve whoever you be -- do not call again ... click . archer sag in futility . a siren snap he back to reality . archer go to the window and carefully peer out . a squad car roar into view -- then continue on its way . archer I need to speak to director lazarro immediately ... I have information about castor Troy . wait ... archer rifle the room ... find car key ... a baggy jacket ... then ... intercut with : int . FBI office castor this be jon archer . who 's call ? archer pause ... hearing he own voice speak to he . archer well , if you be jon archer ... I guess this must be castor Troy ... castor I have gotta hand it to you , jon . you be do a damn respectable job of be I . but let 's face it , we both like it better the way it be . so before the cop blow you brain out -- why not tell I where you be ... archer if you be really I , you would know -- no discussion , no deal . archer hang up == leave castor stewing . ext . garage - night the automatic door lift -- revealing tito 's old buick . the big v-8 rumble as archer pull out . he do not get far as ... menace cholos block he way . cholo # 1 where be you go ? cholo # 2 ten buck he 's the guy who pop tito ! the cholos surround the buick . archer 's cornere like a animal as the angry teens pound on the window . archer hit the gas -- scatter all except cholo # 1 who jump on the hood . archer slam the brake -- send the guy fly . he land hard , but be only shake up . as archer roar off , cholo # 1 pull out he cell phone . cholo # 1 9 - 1 - 1 ? I want to report a steal car and do not put I on hold ! int . / ext . buick - moving - night archer drive on -- listen to kfwb . radio reporter ( v.o. ) ... the escapee be consider extremely dangerous . if you have any information concern the whereabouts of castor Troy ... he shut it off as he see in the distance : he own home FBI and lapd vehicle be park in front . no way he 's get near there . in he rearview mirror archer spot a cop car approach . he quickly turn a corner as the cop slowly cruise by . archer no , jon ... you have to think like castor . where would he go ...? archer get a idea . but as he drive on -- the cop car back up -- and reappear into frame . ext . melrose district - night Dietrich lock up he chic art gallery . he get in he Lexus and drive out of the parking lot . int . / ext . STREET - lexus - moving - night Dietrich slow down to check out the forensics team swarm all over tito 's park buick . Dietrich quickly avert he face as he spot ... " jon archer " inspect tito 's buick . dietrich jon archer ... some poor schmuck 's in big trouble . archer yeah -- I . with surprising speed , Dietrich yank a pistol from someplace and jerk around -- archer -- hunkere down in the back seat -- stare into the barrel of Dietrich 's pistol . dietrich Jesus Christ , castor . archer drive . and punch up you cellular -- I need you to make some call . dietrich you be gonna get I bust ! archer you be already bust , Dietrich . it 's just a matter of time before they pick you up . Dietrich snake the car past the crime scene and speed off . dietrich man , when you come to I about that bomb -- I know I should have blow you off ... but that 's my fuck curse -- I just can not say no to a friend . archer you can not say no to money . dietrich that 's my other curse . ext . downtown - loft - night ( later ) Cars pull up in front of a gentrify loft amid the low - rent street . emerging from they be several thug -- include Aldo , fitch and they sexy girl friend , livia and cindee . int . dietrich loft - bathroom - night archer splashes water on he face -- then stop and listen as the doorbell ring . he screw up he courage . archer you be castor Troy ... this be you old crew -- you do not take shit and you do not take no for a answer ... int . dietrich live room - continuous action the thug admire the loft -- dominate by a enormous , in - progress mural and stun glass - brick floor . aldo helluva place , Dietrich . so what 's the big surprise ? archer emerge . the man be stunne -- the woman beam . fitch be you crazy ? you be go to bring the fed down on all of we ! archer archer do not want you , he want I ! but I be go to get he first -- with you help . aldo archer 's a damn celebrity now -- he 's untouchable -- and you be radioactive . he turn to leave . archer wheel he around and smashes he into the wall . Aldo go for he gun , but archer 's too quick -- he strip he of it . the four bodyguard draw they weapon -- and surround archer . archer you wanna face - off with castor Troy ? come on , then ! come on ! ' Cause I have have a real bad day ... four against one -- and everyone 's sweat but archer . one - by-one , the bodyguard back off . archer point the gun at Aldo -- then smile and hand it back . archer you be all forget who the real enemy be . ( to Aldo ) six month ago , jon archer haul you in for question . he rattle you so bad -- you shit you armani suit right there in the interrogation room . Aldo blanch -- how do castor know that ? fitch laugh . archer you laugh , fitch -- the way archer laugh at you last arraignment , when you get down on you knee and try to blow you way to freedom . stun , fitch cringe as everybody crack up . dietrich we all have a reason to hate jon archer . we all want to see he dead -- archer and nobody 's untouchable if we say he 's not . the thug exchange a glance ... read each other ... consider . dietrich it 's all work out . caz have archer 's routine down cold . archer we start with you basic kidnap . then -- a little surgery . fitch surgery ? archer I be go to rearrange he face in a way you will not believe . aldo you be a evil bitch , caz . but you have get ball of titanium . Count we in . archer sigh with relief -- pleased with he performance . dietrich come on -- let 's drink to it ! full screen - blue capsule Dietrich crack it open -- powder sift into a big high - ball glass fill with mescal . he hand it to archer . dietrich how about one of you famous toast , caz ? they all look expectantly at archer ... he 's at a loss . archer to old job , new job and -- uh -- blow job ? silence -- then they crack up . reluctantly , archer swallow the tumbler of mescal ... he fight back the urge to puke . livia enough business , caz . let 's dance . archer sorry ... I do not ... she drag he onto the glass floor . cindee put on some music as archer 's head begin to spin . the girl start " dance , " grind archer between they taut body . he try to avoid it , but livia kiss he -- hot , moist . livia remember the charger 's game , caz ? the owner box ? we do it four time . archer sure I remember ... once a quarter , right ? archer 's eye fall on the series of abstract painting . the twisted renderings make he head spin worse ... as he start to hallucinate ... surround by enemy -- he struggle to regain control of he batter psyche . livia caz ? be you okay ? he pull away and stumble down the stair -- toward the kitchen . dietrich when even castor Troy can not handle a tab of quantrex ... ( raise he glass ) that , dear friend , be the first sorry whiff of old age . int . kitchen - night archer have he mouth under the tap -- drink greedily . woozy , he take a breath ... and notice a reflection in the window above the sink . archer turn to see -- sasha . archer -- sasha hassler . Age 35 . met castor Troy in Austin , Texas , at Pearl jam reunion ... ( catch himself ) uh , how you do , baby ? she respond by slapping he -- hard . sasha what the hell be you do here ? you be suppose to be dead ... he wobble , then fall flat on he face . out cold . int . archer be home - balcony - night castor 's chain -smoke , look out over the city -- wonder where archer might be hide . but something break he rumination . he see -- down STREET a BMW pull up to the curb . the thumping music from within goe quiet , but no one emerge . ext . house - night ( moment later ) curious , castor approach the car , keep a safe distance . he can see Jamie inside , struggle with Karl . jamie no ... Karl , please . he " shush " Jamie -- but do not stop paw she . jamie my father -- he 's get a gun -- he will -- he will -- karl ( pull open belt ) that wimp will not do shit . smash ! the passenger window explode inward . castor drag Karl out by he hair . Jamie scramble out and flee toward the house as ... castor who be you to call jon archer a wimp ? castor heave Karl into the windshield -- spider - webbing it . somehow the kid find he foot and stumble behind the wheel . the beemer lurch away . int . house - night castor enter to find Jamie , still shake up . castor what be you -- stupid ? jamie that 's just like you . some guy try to rape I -- and you side with he . castor do it look like I be siding with he ? do it ? ( she fall silent ) you want to play with scummy organ grinder , you better be prepare . do you have protection ? jamie you mean like ... condom ? castor I mean like ... protection . with a fluid motion , castor expertly snap open a well - oile switchblade and hand it to a astonished Jamie . jamie for I ? castor next time -- slip it in low , then twist it -- so the wound do not close . she hug he tight -- take castor by surprise . but he respond momentarily . about to pat she rump -- something make he stop . castor go on , get out of here . Jamie kiss he and head up stair . after she 's go ... castor no wonder he spend all he time chase I . who can deal with this family shit ? the phone ring . he rush to the de and pick it up . castor jon archer. ( immediately alert ) where be he ? ext . loft - across STREET - night use night-vision goggle , pollux watch sasha close she drape . visible in the b.g. on the sofa -- be archer . pollux ( into cell phone ) -- I think he might visit some old friend of yours . and bro , if I do not know better -- I would swear this guy like be you ... int . sasha's bedroom - night archer waken . sasha be tug off he pants . archer uh -- can not we just talk ? sasha talk ? the only talk I ever hear from you be ' take it off , ' ' sit on it , ' ' I will pay you tomorrow . ' she pull out some fresh clothes -- and dump they on he . sasha take off the rest of that rag and get dress . then get out . archer not until I finish my business with you brother . sasha I tell he to keep that creep away -- but you be just too big a attraction . ( calming herself ) look , if the f.b.i. find out you have be here -- I will lose my son . so please , just go . for the first time , archer see not a harden felon -- but a frighten , protective mother . and he realize the effect he own relentless obsession have have on she . archer I know I have do some thing that make you life harder ... sasha how would you ? you walk out and never look back . adam enter , head for he toy -- he presence cool sasha 's deep - seat anger . archer finish dress . archer I be not the same person you remember . and for what it 's worth , I be sorry ... her harsh look soften imperceptively -- like that of a woman try to hate someone she still love . archer not a bad fit . sasha they should . they be yours . archer nice-look kid , too sasha of course he be ... sasha fidget , struggle with a deep inner turmoil . then ... sasha Adam , come here ... I want you to meet you father . archer 's face pale over in shock . ext . sasha's room - night they silhouettes be visible against the shade . pull back ... ext . rooftop - night castor , buzz , wanda and loomis peer at the silhouettes . castor ( into cellular ) we have get he sighted . okay , pollux , pull out . buzz what make you so sure this guy 's gonna set up he own brother ? castor I have never be more certain of anything . get everyone in position . remember -- shoot to kill . before buzz can object , castor 's eye say " do not argue . " buzz you hear the man -- let 's saddle up ! int . sasha's room - night play with he toy , Adam do not see archer 's icy gaze . archer how old be he ? sasha five . no one know you be he father . I think someone might want to hurt he -- just to hurt you ... adam bang ! bang ! bang ! startle , they turn to see Adam point a toy gun at they . upset , she take it from he hand . sasha you know mommy do not like you play with this thing ... she kick the toy aside and lift Adam -- offer he to archer . awkwardly , archer take the boy . archer 's emotion avalanche as he grip tighten -- he big hand dwarf the little boy 's body . sasha you be not hold he right ... caz ... archer be not hearing sasha . he 's lose in he own memory ... the sound of a carousel ... a kide laughter ... a gunshot ... then Adam smile -- perhaps the way Matthew once smile . it pull something up from inside archer -- something strong . he regains control , dump the child into sasha 's arm . archer he 's not my son . sasha yes , he be -- ! then something alert archer -- maybe the fleeting shadow that blot out the window - light for the barest second . archer get down ! k-boom -boom-boom -boom ! the window pane shatter -- as teargas grenade and gunfire riddle the loft . outside across the way , castor direct the firepower . int . upper level Chaos . a bodyguard be mow down . Dietrich and the other scatter and hit the floor . kitchen cindee and fitch be catch in flagrante delicto on the floor as the kitchen be decimate by gunfire ... sasha's bedroom cough , archer crawl through the roiling smoke toward the door . he 's almost out when ... sasha Adam ! her wail of fear freeze archer . he look back -- and see Adam in the eye of the firestorm . archer 's face betray he conflict . a child -- but he worst enemy 's child . bullet shreed the wall around Adam . get closer . archer move -- he crawl toward Adam . just then -- a swat agent rappel in through one of the shattered window , he weapon poise . archer kick he hard , pitching he back through the window . archer grab Adam -- curling he into he body . think fast , he soak he discard T-shirt into a topple flower vase -- then place it over Adam 's face . protect he . he rush to sasha . together , they barrel through the soft , paper wall and tear out a escape route . int . kitchen firing out the window , fitch be riddled from outside by a agent as he crash through the window . cindee slashes the agent with a cleaver . he fire -- blasting cindee into the refrigerator . lower level archer hustle sasha and Adam toward the staircase when -- front door explode open . swat agent swarm to get in -- firing and throw flash -grenade . archer , sasha and adam be catch out in the open , when -- upper level Dietrich , et al , open FIRE down on the attack agent . Agents drop or be drive back out . skylight burst open and agent rappel down -- firing . Aldo 's bodyguard fall , riddled , off the upper level . lower level as one agent land , archer knock he gun to the floor . they grapple . as the agent reach for it -- Adam appear and kick the gun away . just like mommy . sasha scoops up the kick weapon -- and cold - cock another rappelling agent . then she fire , cut a third rappelling agent 's rope . he drop hard to the floor -- unconscious . still grapple , archer rip off the agent 's gas-mask ... archer buzz ... buzz 's eye reveal only hatred . he reach for he knife . archer hesitates , then heave buzz through the glass door . he push Adam upstairs as more agent pour in the front door . archer Dietrich ! the painting ! upper level Dietrich see the canvas mural above the breach front door -- and understand . he open FIRE , cut loose the mural . it collapse , billow -- and enshroud the attack agent -- and buy time . dietrich let 's go ! archer and sasha flee up the stair . upper level sasha see Adam huddle in the middle of the glass floor -- the shadow of agent move below . sasha Adam ! lower level a agent aim he shotgun at the glass floor -- at the " target " kneel on top of it . upper level archer dive and grab the boy as the glass floor explode up . he roll through a shower of glass -- but come up with Adam safely . Agents and thug FIRE blindly upward and downward through the floor -- desperate to hit they target . Agents open FIRE from the girder support the roof -- cut down fitch 's last bodyguard . dietrich they be like cockroach ! Dietrich and livia toss smoke grenade into the loft -- cover they escape . top level Dietrich lead they to the very back of the loft . he pull open a hide door . dietrich if we make it , we will meet up at my malibu place . you remember it , caz ? archer off kanan Road -- I know it . archer hand Adam over to sasha . she hug she little boy -- then embrace archer tightly . hanging on -- near tear -- because she know this may be the last time . sasha thank you , caz ... thank you ... archer get the boy out of here ... livia and the remain bodyguard hustle archer out -- int . rotunda - night mac - 10 poise , livia and the bodyguard rush archer through the desert rotunda -- boom ! boom ! his escort drop . castor rush down the staircase -- blasting at archer . unarm , archer instantly disappear behind one of the eight column . the column be separate by mirrore - panel . cat-and -mouse as castor slip in and out between column and mirror . he spot archer dead - ahead and blast away ! crash ! the mirror shatter into a thousand piece . archer ( o.s. ) that 's about a thousand year bad luck ... castor whirl , spot archer again and fire ! another mirror . sense archer behind he -- castor turn and fire again -- this time blasting away he own reflection . then archer leap through a shattered mirror frame -- and onto castor . they battle for control of the pistol . castor it 's too late , jon . you kid love I . and you wife 's a animal . even I can not keep up with she . they be so close castor 's whisper right in archer 's ear . castor tonight I be go to make she come like Niagara Falls -- to celebrate you death . castor lick archer 's ear salaciously . enrage , archer tear the pistol from he grip and turn it on castor . he 's get castor dead to rights -- suddenly bullet shreed the world around he . archer stagger away as -- loomis enter -- firing he m - 16 as archer dive for a doorway . loomis fire the m - 16 's grenade launcher . boom ! the grenade explode -- the doorway burst into flame -- but archer have make it through . loomis try to help up castor -- who push he off angrily . castor can not follow through the flame . ext . roof - night archer slam out of the interior stairwell -- but bullet force he to take cover behind the cupola . pollux fire at he from the other side . archer return FIRE -- drive pollux back . stand-off . pollux remember I ? you ' baby brother ' ? try to get the drop , pollux carefully crawl onto the top of the cupola . pollux you trick I into tell you thing I never tell anyone ... archer hear movement above he as pollux reach the crown . pollux now take it to you grave . archer fire he pistol -- into the glass cupola -- and shatter the glass beneath pollux 's foot . the cupola disintegrate beneath he weight . he plunge down into -- rotunda castor watch in horror as pollux pancake onto the floor at he foot . castor pollux ... pollux be almost go . castor look up and see -- archer peer down into the rotunda . castor open FIRE -- archer duck the bullet as he disappear . castor desperately hold pollux -- to no avail . pollux slip away ... and die . he turn to loomis ... castor get a medic -- now ! loomis forget he , sir . it 's only pollux Troy ... castor snap . without hesitation , he jerk up he gun and put a bullet right in the middle of loomis 's forehead . castor look at the dead kid -- he rage barely abate as -- buzz and wanda arrive on the scene and see loomis 's body . wanda what happen ? castor what the fuck do you think happen ? castor Troy just shot he ! ( beat ) what be you wait for ? go ! after buzz and wanda take off -- castor gather pollux up in he arm -- totally devastate . int . f.b.i - day daze , castor approach he office . Kim proudly hold a copy of time magazine . his photo be on the cover . kim Sir -- you be on the cover of time . they be call you ' a authentic american hero . ' he just push by she and go into he office . int . FBI - archer' office - day alone -- castor pick up the frame photo of Eve and Jamie -- stare at it with unbridle hatred . fury rise , he crumple the frame -- and the photo -- in he clenching grip . he hurl it into other archer family memorabilia -- shatter more photo and souvenir . only then do castor notice lazarro stand in the doorway . for how long -- he can not be sure . castor what be it ? lazarro shut the door behind he . lazarro we be friend once , jon , so I feel I owe it to you -- to tell you face - to-face ... ( a beat ) I do not care how much hype you be get -- you be through . after that massacre last night , I be order a full inquiry into you recent erratic -- and deeply suspect -- behavior . castor I -- ' erratic ' ? Victor , what be you talk about ? castor casually close the blind between the office . lazarro you start meeting with brodie and Miller . then they die mysteriously . you best friend be murder -- and you do not seem to give a shit . suddenly you be smoking , drink , act like a man with something to hide ... ( beat ) maybe you have be buy -- maybe you have lose you mind . but I promise ... I be go to find out . Eye to eye ... castor know he can not finesse this one . castor okay , Vic , I have a confession to make . but you be not gonna like it ... ( wrap arm around neck ) I be castor Troy . lazarro -- I do not understand ... castor suddenly jab he fist into lazarro 's chest . he plead for mercy as castor pound and pound away at he heart -- until it finally seize up . lazarro twitches in a death throe , then slump to the ground . castor now you understand . he punch up the intercom button . castor cancel my four o'clock . ( beat ) and send for the paramedics . Victor lazarro 's have a heart attack . castor fix himself a shot of mescal . he check he watch -- as if count -- then kneel beside lazarro 's body . the door fly open -- and two medic rush in . they see castor vigorously pump lazarro 's chest -- " apply " cpr . the medic gently nudge castor aside . one medic take lazarro 's pulse , then shake he head . ext . griffith park observatory - day castor peer down over the city ... try to collect himself . he light up a smoke ... plan he next move . his meditation be break as a police chopper circle above . match CUT to : ext . CITY - various shot - day lapd chopper circle ... squad car prowl ... cop and FBI agent set up roadblock . the city be be seal off . ext . downtown - broadway - day skirt a roadblock , archer appear to be come undone ... wobbly , wild -ey ... he suddenly pick up a trash can and carry it down the street in front of he face . pedestrian gawk at this madman . what 's he do ? archer finally stop in front of a sport goods store . he swing the trash can . smash ! the store 's window shatter . a alarm blare . passersby stare at archer for a moment -- stunne . then several youth leap into the window and start pull merchandise out of the store . mayhem as other join in ... clerk rush out to do battle . a lapd squad car haul up onto the curb . a cop leap out and chase as the looter scatter . the driver stand at he door , radio in hand . sense something , he turn ... just as archer grab the canister of comply - Gas from the cop 's belt . archer spray he in the face . the cop gag and sag . archer quickly slip behind the wheel . Inside : archer hit a switch -- the car 's tinted window darken automatically , obscure he from the outside . he hit the gas -- scream away . ext . STREET - day archer slow the squad car . up ahead : park cop car block both lane of the main road -- a roadblock checkpoint for all traffic . archer pull off the road , out of sight . he flip open the portacomp and start to type rapidly . int . FBI - day a dispatcher scanner click to life . dispatcher all unit . I have a confirm code zero - zero priority alert . proceed at once to parthenia Street Terminal . that 's parthenia at nordhoff . quick shot a ) motor pool tac squad pile into armored jeeps . B ) heliport chopper lift off and veer east . C ) archer' house the surveillance car roar away . ext . roadblock - day archer watch as the checkpoint of cop car pull apart and scream east on the main road -- pass archer . once the armada be go , he pull out and head west . ext . archer home - back yard - day a plank in the fence swing aside as archer slip into the yard . he peer out from behind the garage . a cop sit in a lawn chair , tuning a police - band radio . archer approach the bird feeder . quietly , he stick he hand inside -- and search for the key . just when he grab it -- caw - caw -- a annoying bluebird hover over archer . the cop look over -- but archer be go . all lar see be the bird . int . FBI - bullpen - day castor arrive . wanda be shocked to see he . wanda Commander , what be you do here ? castor where should I be ? ( look around ) where 's everyone else ? wanda back you up ! do not you track castor to the parthenia Street Terminal ? castor what ? wanda you radioe in you personal security code . nobody know that code but you . castor obviously someone else know it ! get everybody back to they post -- now ! int . archer home - sunset archer tiptoe through the house -- listen . he see cop # 2 sit at the dining room table , clean he pistol . he slip upstairs -- toward the sound of running water . master bedroom -- continuous action archer walk in and step toward the bathroom -- pass the bed . he stop . on top of the rumple cover : Eve 's nightgown and a pair of castor 's black brief . overwhelm , he sit down -- not notice the water have stop . Eve step in from the bathroom . archer Eve ... the look of horror on she face snap he back to reality . she run , but archer grab she . she struggle -- fight and kick he -- but somehow he keep she mouth cover . archer I be not go to hurt you . just do not scream , okay ? ( no response ) okay ? terrify -- she finally nod and he ease off she . eve I know you -- you be the one who call . you be castor Troy . you kill my son -- archer -- I call , but I be not castor . I be you husband . archer hold onto she as she struggle again . archer now , you be go to listen . the last time we see each other -- be in this room . we have a fight after I tell you I have to go away . ( a beat ) my assignment -- jon archer 's assignment -- be to enter a federal prison as castor Troy . Eve be startle by this intimate information but she reveal nothing . siren approach the house , the cop be return . she keep a eye on the door . play for time . eve how do he expect to do that ? archer a f.b.i. surgeon give I castor 's face . he handle the transplant , the vocal implant , everything . but somehow castor come out of he coma -- and kill everyone who know about the mission . but not before he be transformed into I . the back door click open . a voice boom out . cop ( o.s. ) Dr. archer , be you okay ? archer if you need hard evidence , get it . you husband 's blood type be o negative . castor 's be a.b. archer glance at the balcony -- as footstep clomp up the stair . Eve be about to answer -- or scream . but then ... archer remember the parachute dream ? I be fall , Eve ... I be fall ... the blood drain from she face as ... archer slip over the balcony and disappear . int . study - later Eve be at the computer -- daze and disorient . she snap alert on hearing the front door OPEN -- castor be give order to the cop guard the house . castor ( o.s. ) I want you guy here around - the - clock . and stay off the lawn . Eve feign interest in she laptop as castor enter . she tense as he start massage she back . castor you be all in knot . maybe another date night will help you relax ... eve not tonight ... I be way behind in my continue Ed . he study Eve , then grasp she firmly by the shoulder . castor you think I have be act strange . like a completely different person . eve -- yes . castor okay , I have a confession to make . but you be not go to like it ... castor wrap he hand around she slender neck ... castor ( cont would ) ... I read you diary . I have be try to change -- try to be more like the man you want I to be . Eve react to the explanation . there be a logic to it . castor and to prove it , I be take you and Jamie away on a trip -- right after the memorial service . eve what memorial service ? castor Victor lazarro have a heart seizure ... right in my office . it be horrible ... eve oh , my God ... castor pour it on -- feign immense grief . castor first tito ... now Victor ... ( hold she tight ) ... please do not tell I I be go to lose you , too ... eve ( return the embrace ) of course not . int . archer' bedroom - night castor slumber fitfully . suddenly , he shoulder twitches , rouse he . he look up to find Eve read beside he . castor what be that ? eve what be what ? castor something bit I . eve probably a mosquito -- I will close the window . Eve rub castor 's shoulder blade until he fall asleep . she get up , close the window , then go into the bathroom . int . bathroom - night Eve take a breath , then produce a lancet from she pocket . she squeeze the lancet -- and a drop of blood splashes into a glass vial -- castor 's blood . ext . archer home - night as Eve get the key in she car door -- a hand grab she . she stifles a scream -- then see ... the two cop . cop sorry , Dr. archer . where be you go at this hour ? eve there 's be a emergency at the hospital . cop one of we will have to escort you . eve Fine ... ( a beat ) but please do not wake my husband ... he 's exhaust . ext . hospital - night nothing happen here at 4 a.m. nothing indeed . the bored cop keep watch outside -- as Eve hustle in . int . hospital - eve' office - night Eve pace anxiously as the blood analyzer click away . eve please be o-neg. please ... the machine stop clicking . it read " male -- type ab . " she bury she face in she hand -- completely stunne . archer ( o.s. ) thanks for believe I . archer emerge from the darkness of she office -- but Eve pull a pistol -- aim it with calm authority . archer what be you do ? where do you get that gun ? eve I take it from my fake husband . archer why point it at I ? I be the real thing . eve I do not know that . maybe jon 's already dead . archer what more proof do you need ? eve tell I ... tell I about the all - night dentist . as archer speak -- Eve search he eye for the truth . archer ... I take a date out for chicken and rib -- not know she be a vegetarian . when the night could not get worse , she break she tooth on a pebble that get into she three - bean salad somehow she and I have fun drive around look for a all - night dentist ... ( a beat ) and even though it must have hurt -- you still kiss I . Eve slowly put the gun down , fight off tear . eve Christ , jon ! how could you put we in this position ? do you know -- do you know what he do to I ...? archer whatever happen , whatever he do -- I know it 's my fault and I know I can never make it up to you -- she pull herself together -- regain she composure . eve but you be damn well go to try . ( a beat ) first -- how be we go to get you out of this ? int . archer home - master bedroom - night castor wake up and find Eve go . his eye narrow as he touch the mosquito bite -- the one that be not there . int . hospital - eve' office - night Eve sift through the supply cabinet and find a yellow vial . eve this will knock he out for hour . archer good . what 's he schedule tomorrow ? eve he do not tell I anymore than you ever do ... all I know be -- tomorrow we be go to Victor 's memorial service . archer Victor ... tito ... they both die think I kill they ... and in a way ... I do . eve jon -- you can not think about that now . archer take a breath -- and pull himself together . archer -- what happen after the memorial ? eve he 's take Jamie and I away . archer and neither of you will be come back . where 's the service ? eve Saint mary - by - the-sea . archer react ... the irony 's not lose on he . eve what be you go to do ? archer hit he with a trank dart . once he 's unconscious -- I will try to get to buzz and wanda before the security team get to I . eve what else can I do ? archer think up a good excuse . I do not want you or Jamie anywhere near that service . eve I can cover for Jamie . but if I be not there , he will suspect something ... ( as archer consider ) the second you make you move , all hell 's go to break loose . if I be there beside he -- I can take charge . I be he wife , remember ? ( a beat ) there 's no way around it -- for once , you need I . archer look into she eye -- the regret flooding over . archer I have always need you ... they embrace ... soaking up each other 's warmth . eve jon -- what be the odd ? archer terrible . but it 's the best we can do with what we have . ( a beat ) if it do not happen , take Jamie and do not look back ... eve it will happen . footstep approach -- they break they embrace . archer do doctor travel in pack ? eve only when we be golf . int . corridor - night castor and the twin round the bend -- just in time to see the door to the burn ward close . int . burn ward - night Eve quickly wrap gauze around a patient 's head -- when castor and he boy rush in , gun levele . eve jon ! what be you do here ? castor that 's what you be go to explain to I . eve do not the police tell you ? there be a emergency . lar start pull at the patient 's bandage . eve jon -- stop it ! Mr. alandro be very ill ! castor not as ill as he 's go to be ... he blanch as lar reveal a scar burn victim -- Mr. alandro . Eve be livid as she attend to the patient . castor sorry . but what 's a guy to think when he wife run off in the middle of the night ? eve it 's my fault . I should have wake you up before I leave . ( kiss he ) now please let I get back to work . they leave . Eve wipe he ugly taste from she mouth . ext . hospital parking lot - dawn castor get into he car as he confab with the twin . castor stay here . watch she like a hawk . lar think she know ? castor who care ? she 's go to be dead by tonight anyway . they be all go to be dead . the wife , the kid ... and the father . ext . old ranch - high grass - day archer wait as sasha appear with a long case . in the b.g. , Adam play on the ranch House porch with Dietrich . archer how 's the boy ? sasha his ear be still ringing -- but he will be okay . archer open the case . Inside be a sniper rifle . sasha the truck 's all gass up . look , caz , there will be f.b.i. agent all over that place . maybe I can talk my brother into help we . archer ' we ' ? no , sasha -- believe I , this be not you fight . he turn to leave -- but she look draw he back . he kiss she -- not passionately , but nobly . archer thanks ... she watch he as he walk off toward the truck . ext . archer be home - day dress in staid black , Eve join castor at the limo . castor where 's Jamie ? eve that 's what I would like to know . she steal fifty dollar from my purse and take off . castor 's eye narrow -- try to read Eve . eve do not act so stunne , jon . you know how hard it be to get that girl into a dress . castor I will deal with she later . eve good . because I be feed up . ext . ST . mary 's-by-the -sea - day a crucifix gleam in the sun ... and anchore the crucifix be ... a headstone . like so many other -- except this headstone be Matthew archer 's . and hide behind it be -- jon archer . he finish assemble the sniper rifle . for a moment he acknowledge Matthew 's grave ... the regret give way to determination . he look down from he vantage point onto -- ext . sea - side - day at the foot of the cemetery knoll . row of chair ... white flower ... mourner . a yacht be dock at the breakwater . intercut with : archer' Pov through scope peer down through scope -- see ... castor and Eve as they emerge from they limo . Eve glance around , search for archer . she come eye - to -eye with lar -- who be watch she every move . archer track castor and Eve as they sit in the front row . the ceremony begin . priest we be here to celebrate the life of Victor lazarro . we all know he as a man who dedicated himself to defend this great nation -- first , as a highly decorate admiral -- then , as west coast director of the f.b.i . but not all of you know what a deeply spiritual man he be . it be he wish that he requiem mass be perform in Latin . ( a beat ) in nomine patris , et filii et spiritus sancti . amen ... the priest begin to recite a beautiful and somber mass . archer fill the trank - dart with sedative . priest continue the solemn ritual . priest domine , de morte aeterna , in die illa tremenda quando caeli movendi sunt et terra ... eve check she watch ... barely lift she eye away ... castor absently pat she knee . she 's force to return focus to the service . archer chamber the dart , twist a knob on the range -finder , and carefully peer over the crucifix . through scope archer track through the mourner -- and find castor . as the cross-hair neatly cube he head ... back to scene we have come full circle from Matthew 's death : with archer the sniper and castor the target . the Priest 's emotional recite of the rite climax . priest requiem aeternam dona eis , domine ... amen . full screen - trigger archer 's finger wrap around -- he start to squeeze ... Pov through scope - figure cross behind castor , block archer 's shot . archer 's finger freeze -- as the figure turn -- hair tumble away from she face . it 's Jamie . at service Eve stiffen as Jamie sit down . jamie thanks anyway , Mom -- ( slide she $ 50 ) but I want to be here for you ... and dad . castor read the panic on Eve 's face , but say nothing . he simply take Jamie 's hand , intertwine he finger in hers . the honor guard step forward , shoulder they rifle , commence they 21 - gun salute as -- archer steady himself , re-aim the sniper rifle . he hear motion behind he . someone 's come and fast ... but this be he only chance . off-balance , archer squeeze -- thffft ! the silenced trank -dart explode from the barrel . follow dart scream toward castor 's neck -- but it go just wide . it sink harmlessly into the grass -- unnotice during the 21 - gun salute . on knoll thump ! archer be crack across the head . he slump down , unconscious , as a silence gun barrel gently enter he ear . as the salute gun FIRE in the b.g. -- we do not know when , or if , this pistol fire ... at sea - side service the honor guard present the urn to Mrs. lazarro . fearful , Eve chance a glance around -- wonder what 's go wrong . priest the admiral 's family will now take he ash to the sea ... as Mrs. lazarro and she grow child proceed to the dock yacht , castor touch he ear-phone ... get a message . his eye alight on a boathouse ... adjacent to the service . castor ( into headset ) lar -- take Jamie , bring the car around , then meet we at that boathouse ... guest head for they car . Eve seize the moment and step over to wanda and buzz . eve wanda -- I need to talk to you . wanda ( read she face ) sure ... what 's wrong ? but then Eve look past wanda -- and see lar look at she -- tightening he " friendly " grip on Jamie 's shoulder . eve never mind -- castor come on , baby . I have get a surprise for you . wanda and buzz watch as they head up toward the boathouse . int . boathouse - day dim , desert . fill with boat part , tool , etc . castor hustle Eve inside and lock the door behind he . lunt be there -- stand over a beat archer . Eve gasp . castor look who we catch creep around -- castor Troy . eve why be he here ? castor before I turn he in , I think we would pay he back for everything he 's put we through ... castor start kick archer . over and over in the gut . castor come on , baby . join the fun -- Eve can not stand it . she charge castor -- but he immediately subdue she . castor too bad . part of I be hope you do not know . he throw she down beside archer . she cling to he . castor do you really think it would be that easy , you dumb fuck ? ( to Eve ) sorry , baby . castor Troy be about to murder you and we daughter ... but I promise you will not die unavenge . archer this be between you and I . leave they out of this . castor it be between you and I . even you little boy -- that be not suppose to happen . but you could not let it go . archer no father could . castor appeal to my sense of ' family ' will not work , jon . I think you know I better than that archer play for time -- look for some edge . he see a crate fill with block - and - tackle amid the shop 's tool . archer I know some thing that even you do not know , caz . you have a son . I have meet he . his name be Adam ... castor I imagine I have get a dozen kid -- so what ? ( cock pistol ) no more head game ... first you wife die . then you daughter . then you . castor smile as the door creak open . castor just one big happy family ... but it 's not Jamie and lar . Three people emerge from the shadow , machine pistol poise . castor Dietrich -- Aldo -- sasha ? dietrich that 's right , archer . now drop them . no option . castor and lunt drop they weapon . ext . boathouse - side entrance - day lar and Jamie pull up in the car . lar listen to he headset -- know something be wrong . lar do not fuck move ... int . boathouse - day sasha 's at archer 's side . sasha caz -- be you okay ? castor you be make a mistake . I be castor -- he 's archer . sasha , baby -- just give I a minute to explain ! sasha that 's pathetic , archer . but then , you terrible sense of humor be legendary . aldo ( cock gun ) it 's pay - back time . Aldo aim at castor when boom ! he 's blow apart . lar charge in -- blasting . archer grab a block - and - tackle as -- lunt dive for Aldo 's fall machine - pistol . archer swing the block - and - tackle -- whack lunt across the head . castor scoops up he pistol but Eve kick he hard in the ball . he double over . archer snatch away the machine pistol . stagger -- lunt be quickly riddled by Dietrich . castor and lar blaze at the now -scatter intruder -- drive they back amid the shot 's tool and drum . archer find Jamie ! Eve crawl through the fusillade toward the exit . ext . memorial service - day among the last to leave -- buzz and wanda snap alert . over the crashing of the wave -- do wanda hear something ? ext . boathouse - day Eve rush to the car -- it 's empty . Jamie be go . eve Jamie ? Jamie ! bullet shreed the window behind she . int . boathouse - day during the gun battle -- we intercut the death of Dietrich , lar and sasha with : ext . sea - lazarro' ash be scattered at sea . castor and lar riddle sasha . she drop . archer fire back -- kill lar and drive castor back . archer lean beside the mortally - wounded sasha . sasha ... help Adam ... do not let he end up like we ... she die in he arm . wound , Dietrich crawl over . see he sister , Dietrich rise in horror ... dietrich sasha -- ! boom boom boom ! castor waste Dietrich . archer blast back -- drive castor outside . archer pursue . ext . memorial service - day Eve run smack into wanda and buzz -- they be on the run . wanda we hear gunshot -- eve wanda , I have get to tell you something . something crazy ... ext . boathouse yard - various shot - day archer emerge into the maze of dry-dock boat . silently check he clip , he discard the empty gun . castor move stealthily through the narrow path . hear a noise behind he -- boom ! castor fire -- blow apart a under-repair hull . he advance toward the boat , gun ready , when archer appear behind he and follow -- one step , two step -- until -- castor stop -- then whirl as archer leap . the man collapse hard . castor 's pistol clatter across the yard toward the dock boat . archer and castor brutally strangle each other -- digging they finger deep into they throat . they throttle each other so hard , archer 's larynx vocal chip be dislodge . his voice change , echoing with garble . static . archer give up , castor . people be go to find out . castor not if I kill you first . they scramble for the gun -- but a hand reach out from the dock boat and pick it up . archer and castor stop dead in they track because -- Jamie appear , hold the pistol . castor give it here , Jamie . archer no , Jamie . do not do it ! everybody gawk -- because archer and castor be now ... both speak in archer 's true voice . and nobody be more confuse than Jamie . archer listen to my voice , Jamie . I be you father . castor it 's a trick , Jamie . I be you father . Jamie swing the gun back and forth -- baffle . castor shoot he , Jamie . archer Jamie ... castor shoot he ! Jamie fire . archer reel -- as a slug graze he shoulder . castor snatch the pistol from Jamie 's hand . castor you dunce . no kid of mine would miss so badly . he aim the gun at archer 's head . wanda ( o.s. ) hold it . wanda and buzz have burst onto the terrace -- they gun levele . Eve and more agent be right behind . castor just save the taxpayer the cost of a trial . so take a hike . wanda you be both under arrest until a d.n.a. test prove who 's who . castor I be order you to back off ! several agent waver -- unsure . but not wanda and buzz . wanda put the gun down -- buzz -- now ! castor ( beat ) can not blame I for try . he grab a shocked Jamie -- shove the gun under she chin . archer struggle to he foot as -- castor -- use Jamie as a shield -- back out the gate to the garden . archer follow -- cautiously . castor say goodbye to daddy -- Jamie whip out the switchblade -- sink it into castor 's thigh and twist . she dive away . firing wildly , castor stagger back through the gate . castor ( o.s. ) you ungrateful delinquent ! outside gate as castor turn and stagger away -- he run smack into a confuse security agent . castor give I you weapon -- now ! the agent hand over he uzi -- and castor plug he . boatyard archer and Eve make sure Jamie 's okay . jamie ( to archer ) who be you ? will someone please tell I what 's go on ? archer rush to the gate and haul it open . castor limp away from the boatyard , towards the slip -- alive with sunbather and yachter . ext . marina dock - day castor hustle along until he find what he 's look for -- twin cigarette boat -- racing boat -- be tune up by they suntan crew . he jump into one of the boat . boat captain hey -- ! without even look , castor shoot the guy dead . in a flash -- castor throttles up the boat . he see -- castor' Pov archer run down the dock toward the adjoin boat . castor fire -- pepper the dock . archer knock the boat owner to safety -- as the bait house blows up behind he . archer roll into the boat -- firing . castor 's hit ! a slug graze he shoulder . he grab the throttle -- take off . archer fire up the second boat -- in pursuit . castor blast back -- shatter archer 's boat compass . civilian boat speed toward he -- cause a near-miss . another angle running parallel , archer and castor blast at each other at point-blank range . they boat smash and pound each other . a police boat close in on they . castor fire at the police -- obliterate both crew and boat . the police boat be rear smashes into archer 's craft . archer 's boat plow up and through the other . explosion ! momentum carry archer across -- and back into the water . the boat land right next to castor 's . archer and castor resume they batter ... approach a -- tug pull a barge . castor force archer into its path . at the last moment ... archer leap onto the bow of castor 's boat as -- ka - boom ! archer 's boat crash into the barge which explode . castor swerve wildly -- try to throw archer off . archer can only watch as castor reach for another clip . but the boat hit a wave ... castor lose the gun -- which skid away . archer slip , he head hang over the side . castor try to ram archer , but he pull himself up just in time . castor grab the anchor -- swing it . whunk ! it sink into the deck beside archer -- but the chain be around he neck . as castor try to strangle he -- archer headbutt castor , who reel -- snagging he leg around the chain . castor fall back -- plunging toward the water . archer try to hold castor up ... as the boat speed toward -- pier archer yank castor back onto the deck as the boat bounce off the pier piling . but as they slug it out ... another angle wham ! the boat careen off a pile -- and roar straight for the shipyard . colliding with a shoreline obstruction -- the boat flip , stern over bow ... archer and castor go fly ... onto the beach . ext . beach - day archer and castor lie daze ... then stir . castor see the pistol lie half - bury ... he reach for it . but -- archer get it first . he aim it at castor as they rise . castor you will not shoot I , jon . I be unarm ... archer okay , I have a confession to make ... but you be not gonna like it ... you be right , I will not shoot you . not in the face anyway . boom -- archer shoot castor in the chest ! he jerk and reel -- drop to he knee . he look at archer in total disbelief . then he sink to the ground and lie still . exhausted , archer let the empty gun drop . then he turn and see a FBI chopper head he way . relieved , he turn back to castor , but -- castor 's body be go ! castor be crawl toward the flip boat 's spin stabilize screw . archer fire -- hit castor in the leg . he buckle ... but keep go . archer leap on he -- they struggle as castor try to bury he face on the spin blade . castor it will never be over , jon ... every time you look in the mirror ... you will see my face ... they struggle as the propeller blade . get closer , closer -- slice into " archer 's " cheek . at the last instant ... archer reach the anchor-chain . he wrap it around the screw -- stop the whirling blade . castor finally sink to the ground -- and no longer move . archer take castor 's hand -- try to tug off he wedding ring . just when he almost have it off -- castor suddenly grab archer 's wrist and hold it tight . Eye contact between the two man . castor smirk , he grasp slacken ... as he finally fade away . archer let castor 's hand drop , then slide the ring on he own finger . another angle the chopper land . buzz and wanda rush over . buzz you okay , archer ? archer what do you call I ? wanda he call you ' archer ' -- sir . archer finally realize -- they actually mean he . he smile -- jon archer 's long lose smile . ext . shipyard - sunset FBI med-team strap archer onto a gurney . castor 's inert body be beside he . eve hang on , jon ... they be bring in they top surgical team from d.c... archer ( be : castor ) how be he ? eve no life sign at all . he 's a turnip . archer that 's what they always say ... he pass out as the FBI medic load he onto the mo - evac chopper . wanda prevent Eve from climb aboard . wanda I be sorry , Eve . you can not come . ( to buzz ) take she home . eve but he 's my husband ! wanda but he work for we . wanda get on the med-evac chopper ; it lift off , leave a furious Eve and a confuse Jamie behind . jamie will dad be dad again ? eve I hope so , honey . jamie and you guy say my life be screw up ... in the swirl of dust , they watch the chopper fly away . int . archer' house - day maybe day , maybe week later -- no way to tell . Eve be at the dining room table , catch up on medical report . sense something , she look up and see a silhouette at the front screen door -- a man 's silhouette . archer ( o.s. ) hello , Eve . pulse pound , Eve frantically push open the door to glimpse the face of the man with archer 's voice . it 's jon archer . Eve stare -- then touch he face carefully , tenderly -- around the tiny residual scar . then , she pull he tight -- hold on for dear life . jamie ( o.s. ) dad ? Jamie be there . archer smile -- gently , almost sadly -- with a softness and genuineness that castor Troy could never feel , could never fake . she rush to he . the whole family hang on , hugging and kissing -- for the first time ever , really together . jamie I be sorry I shot you , dad . be I ground ? archer smile and hold she tighter . but as they draw archer inside , he hesitates . archer I have something to ask you -- to ask both of you ... he step aside -- revealing castor 's son . archer this be Adam . he need a place to live ... just for a little while . Eve look at archer -- she see what this mean to he and , what the hell , there 's plenty of time now to talk . ext . archer be home - continuous action - day as the family head inside , the door close , shutting we out . dissolve to : int . matthew' old room - night archer give Adam a old teddy bear -- rock the child until he finally drift off into dreamland . int . jamie' room - night archer watch Jamie sleep . he draw the comforter over she -- she stir , and pull it in tighter . int . master bedroom - night Eve get undress ... wait for archer . eve how be you first day back ? no reply ... Eve hear water running . she approach archer , who 's bent over the sink , wash he face . eve jon ? archer stand up -- revealing castor 's face in the bathroom mirror . Eve choke back a scream . archer turn and face she -- with he true face . he see she terrify expression , turn back to the mirror -- and see he own face look at he . but he understand . he embrace Eve ... hold she tight . she respond , happy to have he home again . we stay on he familiar smile and ... fade out . the end