fahrenheit 451 from the classic novel by ray bradbury screenplay by frank darabont - September 2005 - fade in : in slo - mo , a object fall through frame -- a book . Rolling , tumble . drop from sight . soon : another book . and another . book . falling . and soon : raining . it 's raining book . why ? now come a voice , softly , share he most quiet and precious thought : montag ( v.o. ) I love the soot . I love the heat . I love the moment of combustion . most of all , the smell of kerosene . here be what I know : " Fire be bright . Fire be clean . it be good to burn . " ( beat ) it be all I need to know . CuT to : a klaxon horn blaring . red light spinning . a fire alarm -- int - firehouse - night -- summoning to action : firemen , run , boot all a-scuffle , grab helmet off peg , yanking equipment from storage locker , cascade down row of brass pole through hole in the floor ... they swarm they beloved FIRE truck , the salamander , everybody climb up and take position on the run platform , drop external seat and strapping in ... the engine start , a turbine whine explode to a deep basso roar . like a dragon waking up . ready to breathe flame . headlights blaze to life . emergency strobe turn the world surreal . the salamander move out , the dragon leave its cave on massive multi-axle wheel ... ext - firehouse / CITY street - night .. and emerge into the night . follow close behind the salamander be a second vehicle , the control van -- armored , black , unfathomable . homeless . people scatter from they path . traffic pull over . on the moving salamander noise and fury . captain beatty look back from he seat , enjoy the expression on the face of he man -- tense , exhilated . he see guy montag grin into the wind . captain beatty good for you , montag ! montag what , sir ? captain beatty that grin ! the fierce grin of all man singe and drive back by flame ! montag I love it , sir ! beatty turn forward again , smile ... captain beatty I know you do , son . voice ( v.0 . ) form up ! eye front ! curt to : int - firehouse - night ( troop inspection ) ... and score of polished boot clap like thunder . score of polished helmet , gleam black and bear the mark of 451 , snap in one direction . score of firemen , chisele of stone , true believer all , stand ready . stepping before they , boot tread the silence with holy authority , be beatty . a man of power . of conviction . a man who know he place in the world . he stop . take they all in , he man of faith . he love they more than he love himself . in a voice that fill the hall : captain beatty a emperor of ancient China say : " History begin with I . " ( pause ) he be wrong . History begin with we . CUT to : ext - salamander - night ( FIRE alarm ) the salamander rise hugely into view , crest a street . neighbor be pour from they home to watch . searchlight 3 . probe from the sky as police hovercopter circle whisper- quiet overhead . the salamander stop with a hiss of brake . the control van veer past it , take up a support position . police vehicle be arrive to provide backup . firemen swarm from the salamander , the night chaotic with flashing light and run man . beatty lead montag and the other up a squalid lawn toward a house . a man be face , white and terrify , watch they approach through the crack pane of a window . man ( shouting , muffle ) go away ! you have get the wrong house ! int - control van - night meanwhile , control personnel be study the action on bank of monitor , recording everything . one monitor flash a income message : " warrant authorization . " computer voice warrant be good . you have Supreme Court approval to proceed . ext - house - night beatty and he man arrive at the doorstep . man go away , I say ! there 's nothing here ! captain beatty indeed . ( turn to he man ) there never be . they rush the door with ram , blow through it like a fist . they swarm in , trail by beatty -- captain beatty ( v.0 . ) let I hear it , you man ! CUT to : int - firehouse - night ( troop inspection ) -- and they voice boom like cannon : firemen FIRE be bright ! FIRE be clean ! it be good to burn ! captain beatty and why be it good to burn ? what do fire do ? firemen FIRE sweep away the clutter of the past ! captain beatty and why be that good , you man ? what do that provide ? firemen a bright and shining future ! captain beatty let I hear it ! firemen a bright and shining future ! captain beatty again ! firemen a bright and shining future ! CUT to : int - house - night ( FIRE alarm ) a handheld scene of scream chaos : man I tell you there 's nothing here ! the wife launch herself at the husband , slapping he , flail and scream -- wife idiot ! I tell you this would happen ! I tell you ! man shut up ! shut up ! -- and the firemen separate they , restrain they both , she eye landing on beatty as : captain beatty madam ? wife he 's right ... there 's nothing here ... nothing ... beatty raise he plasma screen clipboard , study it : captain beatty ~ Mr. and Mrs .... mugniani ? do I pronounce that right ? his eye go to three shrieking child be herde into the room by the firemen . captain beatty and the three mugniani child . Victor , Paul ... and little Emily ... wife -..- no ...do not hurt they ... captain beatty madam , please . we be not savage , after all . ( to he man ) outside . the family be drag out , the woman scream as she 's pull out the door ... wife not my house ! not my house ! ~ captain beatty montag ? if you please ? montag sir! ( turn to the man ) let' go ! -+- and they spread throughout the house , toss the place , pound on wall and listen for the hollow sound ... int - control van - night -.- while the image be feed to the monitor screen in real time from the firemen 's helmet - cam , recording everything . int - house - night beatty wait in the whirlwind , serene , take it all in . montag come to a floor - to-ceil display shelf line with dish and bric-a-brac . he run he hand up the side , try to get he finger behind it . it 's seal to the wall . vw montag shelf ! 6 . he pull a x-ray wand as two firemen rush to he side , also pull wand . montag activate he , play a lavender light . he tap a button on he helmet , cause a clear red visor to lower over he eye -- montag' Pov -- which , in combination with the wand , give a x-ray image through the shelf and into the wall . he sweep the wand , see vague shape appear like ghost -- tall , slender , rectangular , hide in the wall among the stud . montag montag I get something . fireman # 1 I too ! montag ( click he comlink ) Control ? int - control van - night we be see the ghost image in the wall come across the monitor . controller # 1 tap he keyboard ... controller # 1 hold on . hold on . -+- and a computer schematic form on screen , outline the shape in glow red line . the computer extrapolate the image , lift one of the object out as a animated wire - form . it 's a book . the computer revolve the image , open the cover , riffling the page . controller # 1 you be confirm . int - house - night montag and the other jam pry bar behind the shelf , rip it loose from the wall in a explosion of plaster and wood . it topple , revealing a hide library , the space in the wall line with book . they start pull out armload of book , hurl they across the floor . various angle as the search continue . firemen play wand on sofa ... over floor ... up wall ... across the ceiling . suddenly : fireman # 2 attic ! I get a crawl space ! captain beatty ( glance up ) attic . how original . timecut : a pair of roaring chainsaw rise up on long extension and chew into the ceiling , spew debris , cut two long parallel groove down the hallway ... ... and the ceiling collapse , drop awesomely into the hallway bring a ton of book with it . the dust do not even have time to clear before another section of the ceiling unexpectedly give way -- -- and a young man plummet as well . he hit the floor hard , scramble to he foot in the billow plaster dust , wild with fear and adrenaline , swinging a baseball bat . young man bastaaard ! bastaaard ! montag get hit in the arm and spin against the wall , clutching he bicep . the kid keep swinging , scatter firemen as he flee down the hall and out the back door . fireman # 4 ( amp up ) go after he ? captain beatty no , let the hound deal with it . ( raise he plasma screen ) ) montag ? injured ? montag no ! I be okay ! ( to the other ) let 's keep go ! captain beatty that 's the spirit ... ( tapping he touch screen ) --- hmmm . we unexpected guest would be who ? the nephew ? beatty 's clipboard bring up a image of the young man 's face . captain beatty ah , yes , here it be . nephew . joseph. ( as data scroll ) physiologicals ... DNA ... 8 . beatty input the data and enter a command : " activate hound . " he hit the send button with a flourish . captain beatty Cry havoc and let slip the dog of war . montag ( pass by ) what the hell do that mean ? captain beatty ( smile ) it mean : " good boy . fetch . " ext - salamander - night the " kennel " at the rear of the truck open , steel plate fan out to reveal darkness within . we hear something stir ... something metallic . a pair of eye activate , glow red . it emerge into half - light with a soft whine of servos and gear -- the head of a dog render in alloy and chromium steel . we hear a growl rise in its manufacture throat . it leap out , reveal fully as it hit the pavement on rubber - padded paw . the mechanical hound . a live Deco sculpture , a chromium canine nightmare . the neighbor shout , thrill at the sight of it , some clap and whistling , other draw back in giddy carnival fear . the hound take off run like a heat -seek missile . ext - alley - night Joseph , the nephew , be run , still clutching the bat . he suddenly stop , hearing : a distant howl . the hound . it 's come for he . the young man keep go , gasp in panic .. int - house - night - while beatty assess the shamble of the house , kick through snowdrift of book at he foot . he pick one up , idly flip a page or two . montag beacon on the lawn ? captain beatty yes , why not ? give the neighbor a thrill . good for public relation . montag grin , wave the other toward the door ... montag scooper ! let 's give them a show ! ext - alley - night ... and Joseph run , twist and turn down the alleyway , look over he shoulder as if the devil be in pursuit ... ext - house - on the lawn - night a scooper , a mini electric bulldozer , dump a final load of book atop a " beacon " -- a round titanium - mesh platform that look like a trampoline . plenty of updraft . as the scooper back away , we angle to : captain beatty pumper ! and double-time into the shot be a dozen firemen with kerosene pumper on they back , lead by : montag dillman ! you be on beacon ! Rest of you , with I ! they run toward the house , snap gas mask across they face . dillman veer off toward the beacon ... int - house - various angle - night -.- while montag and the rest enter , spread out . they begin pump kerosene throughout the house , soaking the wall , the heaps of book , the furniture , prime it like a bomb ... ext - alley - night ++- and still Joseph run ... breath explode ... foot pound the asphalt ... ext - salamander - night -.- and the firemen back up to the truck to hang the pumper on they frame . they unbuckle the strap , shrug free . six man ( include montag ) turn as the other firemen help they into they special pad , they long coat of fire - retardant leather , they thick glove , they blast helmet ... ext - alley - night -.- and Joseph glance back , he worst nightmare realize as the hound appear from the darkness , veer in pursuit ... 10 . int - control van - night ... and we see Joseph through the eye of the hound , broadcast live over monitor in ghastly tone of night-vision green ... controller # 2 we have target acquisition . ext - alley - night ... foot pound ... rubber-padded paw pursue ... ext - salamander - night ..-. and the six firemen back up to the truck again , shrugging now into the strap of the flamethrower lining the vehicle . buckle be snap . they lift the flamethrower onto they back -- twin tank , ribbed copper hose , nozzle of chrome ... ext - alley - night ... and the hound make a fly leap , take Joseph to the pavement in a snarl of glitter titanium tooth ... int - control van - night ... and Joseph 's scream face come over the monitor screen as the hound savage he , chomping viciously down on he arm ... ext - alley - night ... and the hound 's hypodermic tongue whine from its throat , plunging . the needle deep into Joseph 's flesh , the amber content empty as the plunger depress . soon Joseph stop scream and go dopey from the drug ... ext - house - night .- while beatty receive the information on he plasma screen clipboard : " suspect in custody . " captain beatty procaine . that should calm he down . he turn , motion " proceed . " montag and the firemen approach six abreast , fully clad in protective gear , helmet gleam , flamethrower nozzle hold like weapon . captain beatty ( v.0 . ) yes . Fire be bright . Fire be clean ... 11 . they stop in a row , activate they gas feed with a soft hiss . other rush in with igniter , provide the spark . Pilot flame be light , billow up from the nozzle like torch ... captain beatty ( v.0o . ) ... fire sweep away the clutter of the past . it be harmony ... serenity ... and light . it be we credo ... we religion ... CUT to : int - firehouse - night ( troop inspection ) captain beatty ... and we be its high priest . we say mass at flashpoint . deliver we benediction at four hundred and fifty one degree of Fahrenheit . we soothe the world with we nozzle of chromium steel , absolve its sin with we sermon of heat . and when the sermon be do , we have turn sorrow and lie to ash , like alchemist and magician of old . ( beat ) let I hear it again , you man ! inspire I ! they voice boom again like cannon : firemen FIRE be bright ! FIRE be clean ! it be good to burn ! camera angle into the arrow -straight line of firemen to settle upon montag . proud . shout loudest of all ... CUT to : ext - house - night ( FIRE alarm ) .-- and montag step onto the lawn , the other firemen fall into flanking position at he side . they set they foot , aim they flamethrower at the beacon -- -- and begin to burn . whooooosh --boom ! stream of FIRE shoot across the lawn and the beacon erupt skyward on a ball of flame . everybody shy back , the bonfire lighting up the night , push everybody back with heat . Captain beatty see the husband and wife in custody . his attention go to the child , stare at the flame with tear-streaked face . he crouch , gentle : 12 . captain beatty here 's a good lesson for you child . you will remember this . ( brushes the little girl 's cheek ) be good citizen . the firemen turn to the house . montag take lead position , fire a flamethrower blast through the front door . int - house - night there 's a awesome beat as the kerosene fume ignite , the very air itself catch fire ... follow by a stun series of booming detonation hurtle down hallway and through room , funnel of flame roaring like live thing , shatter glass and peel wall , eat pile of book . ext - house - night the live room explode , blow the window out into the street , staggering montag back on a concussion wave of heat . the other firemen join in , hose the house with flame from all direction . explosion punch through the roof , blow out the wall , hurl enormous ball of flame into the night sky . montag back away with the other , sear by the heat . camera close in on he as he snap he protective faceplate up and wrench he breather mask aside , want to feel the heat on he goddamn face . exhilated . worshipp the flame . and as we come into close - up , we again hear he voice speak he most quiet and precious thought : montag ( v.o . ) four hundred and fifty one degree of Fahrenheit . this be where I live . the rest be just wait ... and kerosene dream . the flame billow into the sky , roiling smoke as we fade to : int - firehouse locker room - night it 's dark . quiet . montag 's freshly shower and wear he off duty uniform . he pull he fireman 's id necklace from a peg on the locker door , kiss the good luck pendant , hang the simple chain around he neck . the fireman 's credo ( " Fire 13. be bright , fire be clean ... " ) be tape inside the locker , alongside a photo of he wife millie . he shut the locker , grab he gym bag ... int - firehouse - night ... and move through the firehouse . the late shift be settling in , some man on bunk , other engage in quiet activity . he pass a poker game in progress . a few man mutter " good-night . " montag pause at the Captain 's door , see beatty work at he desk in a pool of light . beatty sense he , glance up . captain beatty head home ? montag yes , sir . you ? captain beatty soon as I finish my report . you be mention . damn fine work earlier , my boy . well do . montag thank you , sir . good night . captain beatty ( smile ) good night . sleep the sleep of the just . montag move on . as he approach the brass pole , he pass : the mechanical hound . lying in its firehouse kennel with its head on its paw . wait . patient as only a machine can be . montag grab a brass pole and plummet from view as we CUT to : ext - CITY STREET - night montag walk with he gym bag . homeless people be cluster around trash can fire , milling like herd animal . that that see he come make sure to get out of he way . firemen be clearly figure of authority to be fear and respected . plasma video display be everywhere -- monitor screen on street corner , huge projection on the side of building , ad play on the side of bus like live billboard . we have see the future , and it be not quiet -- everywhere you look , they be try to sell you or convince you . montag head up the step to : 14 . ext - transit station platform - night several large public video display be play the latest war news , show a hallucinatory montage of night -vision smart bomb explosion set to stir theme music . montag stare at the image as he stand wait for he train . announcer ( v.0o . ) ..- while hour ago a stun precision strike levele half the enemy capital in retaliation for the cowardly attack last Wednesday that claim the life of 241 of we brave coalition Marines ... . a mag -lev train arrive , glide silently in . he get on . int - moving mag - lev train - night even here the media barrage continue -- what year ago would have be silent advertising placard lining the car on both side be , in this day and age , move video and sound image . buy this . buy that . hey , have you hear the latest ? be sure to tune in ! the hot infotainment ! the best gossip ! montag sit with the glaze expression of a veteran commuter , pretty much tuning it out . some of he fellow passengers cast nervous look he way , but montag ignore it . ext - moving train - night camera pull away from montag at the window to reveal the train suspend from overhead track several hundred foot in the air , rocketing through canyon of downtown skyscraper , one of many train do the same . cur to : ext - outlying suburb - night it 's quiet and sparse compare to the city , which dominate the skyline b.g . a few video display flicker at desert intersection . there 's not a soul in sight , except : montag be walk home from he train stop , gym bag at he side . he slow , hearing something strange : the sound of a child singing . he stop , perplex . what the hell be a child do outside , and at this time of night ? he move to a low fence . the house beyond it be ramshackle but tidy , set back on a property overgrown and wild . as he approach , the unseen child hear he and fall silent . 15 . montag peer over the fence , scan the darkness . nothing but bush and tree . montag who 's there ? silence . like breath be hold . montag come out where I can see you . ( beat ) it 's all right . I be you neighbor . I live a few door down . child ( 0.s. ) I know . I have see you walk home . clarisse ease from behind a tree , she face beautiful in the moonlight . she 's nine year old . clarisse you be that fireman . montag pause , oddly captivate by the little girl . see she be the last thing he expect . montag you say that like it 's scary . clarisse fireman be scary . they come at night and burn down you house . montag only if you have break the law . I be sure you have not . have you ? she shake she head gravely . montag smile -- he be joke , but the little girl 's so serious he want to laugh . : montag I do not think so . so there 's nothing to be scared of . be there ? clarisse I suppose . montag what be you do out so late ? clarisse make up song . montag song . 16 . clarisse ( nod ) my uncle say I be odd . montag I would have to agree . a police car appear , pin montag in its spotlight as he turn and shield he eye . clarisse duck , unseen behind the fence , light spilling through the crack in the board . two cop be faceless behind the glare : cop # 1 identify . montag guy montag . fireman . District four . dust head home from my shift . in the police car a dash - mount plasma screen echoe montag 's word , produce a wave pattern i.d. match . the screen bring up montag 's image . resume montag cop # 2 have a good one . the spotlight kick off and the cruiser move on . clarisse that 's you name ? Mr. montag ? I be clarisse . montag clarisse . montag resume walk slowly along the fence . clarisse keep pace with he on the other side . clarisse do you like be a fireman ? montag of course I do . what kind of question be that ? clarisse I be just wonder . I never speak to a fireman before . do you ever read the book you burn ? montag no . that 's against the law . even for firemen . montag stop 17 . clarisse but you still like it ? montag we protect people . keep they safe . people like you . you mom and dad . you uncle . clarisse he be arrest once for be a pedestrian . montag he must have be do something aside from walk . clarisse no , just walk . my uncle 's odd , too . he say it run in the family . montag what else do you uncle say ? clarisse he say once upon a time firemen use to put out fire . be that true ? short , laugh . montag no . he 's make that up . ( beat ) you should go back inside . you parent will worry . clarisse they do not mind . they say it 's safer at night . because of the curfew . so I come out in the yard sometimes . montag why ? clarisse it 's nice at night , ' cause it 's so quiet . I like to smell thing . and look at thing . sometimes if you look real hard , there 's a man in the moon . montag you mean the mining colony ? clarisse no , silly , a man . you can see he face , there on the moon . 18 . he stop , stare up at the full moon , but : montag I do not see he . clarisse he 's there . you have to look hard . man ( 0.s. ) clarisse ! a man emerge in the darkness , come from the house . man come away from there . you should not be talk to stranger . clarisse it 's we neighbor , Mr. montag . the man pause , dapple in shadow , eyeing montag with caution . man please excuse my daughter . she 's very young . montag no harm do . man come along , clarisse . it 's late . he take she hand and pull she away . as they head off toward the house , clarisse look back : clarisse mx. montag ? be you happy ? man that 's enough now . time for bed . they vanish across the darkness of the lawn . montag stand gaze after they , flummox by the encounter . softly : montag be I happy ? he move on ... int - montag be house - night ..- and enter in darkness . he deposit he gym bag , hang he fireman 's jacket , mutter : montag what kind of question be that ? 19 . ' he proceed into -- the kitchen -- where he pull a ready meal from the freezer and pop it in the microwave . the microwave emit a three - second pulse ... montag of course I be happy . ... and he pull the meal out , now piping hot . he pop the lid , blow on it , grab a fork ... ... and exit into the hallway , eat , careful not to burn he mouth . he move up the darken hallway toward canned voice and flicker light come from the tv room . montag millie ? honey ? I be home ... the tv room the room be a tv , the plasma screen wall create a complete visual wrap -around . some banal infotainment program be play , peddle triviality and flashy visual to a empty room . montag off . the room go dark . montag proceed up the hallway . montag millie ? the bedroom montag enter . it , too , seem empty . as he turn to leave , he foot hit something , send it roll across the floor . it 's a pill bottle . empty . montag stare down at it , try to divine its meaning . he turn back into the room , see : a woman 's pale foot lie on the floor past the bed . he dart past the bed and find millie sprawle unconscious , vomit stain she mouth and pool on the floor . montag ..oh , God ... he go to he knee , check she pulse . montag millie ! millie ! ( shouting ) dial medical emergency ! 20 . phone dial . panick , montag pull she to a sit position and get he finger in she mouth , try to clear the vomit . montag honey . honey , it 's I . breathe . breathe . recorded voice ( v.o. ) Medical 911 . all we line be busy . please stay on the -- montag cancel ! damn it ! desperate , move fast , montag pull millie to she foot and sling she arm around he neck . montag dial Captain beatty ! Home number ! phone dial . camera follows handheld as he pull she to the bedroom door and walk / drag she up the hallway ... montag c'mon , millie . c'mon , baby . can you hear my voice ? captain beatty ( v.0 . ) yes ? hello ? montag Captain ! it 's montag ! captain beatty ( v.0 . ) montag ? what 's the problem , you sound strange ... montag get to the bathroom , pull millie inside ... montag I need help ! it 's my wife ! she 's sick ! I ... I think she 's overdose on leveler and I can not get through on the emergency line ! ( to the sink ) Water ! cold ! +.. and the faucet start . he lean she over the sink , splash she face , sailing on adrenaline and panic as : 21. captain beatty ( v.0o . ) hold on . I will use my priority code . I will be off the line a moment . a click . montag keep splash she face , clean the vomit from she mouth . he let she sag , lay she down on the floor ... montag breathe , honey , breathe . ... and start give she mouth - to- mouth , try to clear she breathe passage . she 's choke , floundering . montag millie , goddamn it , breathe ! another click as beatty come back on the line : captain beatty ( v.0o . ) hang in there , montag . help 's on the way . CUT to : ext - montag be house - night a whine of turbine descend from above , rippling the air with heat signature exhaust . montag rush outside as a hover ambulance drop from the sky and touch down . int - montag be house - night the medic rush millie outside on a gurney with montag at they heel . int - ambulance - night the gurney be sly into the bay and the medical team go to work . automate system engage . imaging scanner sweep she body . Needles descend on robotic arm , find she vein , pierce she skin to draw blood . plasma screen activate as : medic # 1 subject . mild ever montag . okay , let 's see some history here ... ( rapping the touchscreen ) piece of crap , c'mon . millie 's info appear , scrolling . the medic work the touchscreen , everything move fast : medic # 1 no pre-exist condition ... no medication allergy ... medic # 2 blood analysis ? 22. medic # 1 leveler , big -time . plus a little vodka . she 's float . a probe be use to clear she trachea . a hose be feed down she throat , the stomach pump engage . the content of she stomach be hose into a clear plastic bag as : medic # 3 get that adrenaline into she ! get that scrubber go ! more pump activate . the blood start drain from she body via tube , then run through a system of spin filter and re-deposite in she vein . thing start to calm as : medic # 1 okay , let the machine do its work . couple of cycle should do it . montag be watch the whole thing through the rear door of the ambulance . medic # 1 step down and join he . medic # 1 her vital sign be come up . she will be all right . montag be we take she to the hospital ? medic # 1 Nah , this be outpatient stuff , we do it all the time . recycle she blood , she will be fine . she will sleep like crazy , though , so do not let that scare you . it 's normal . he move off . montag watch he unconscious wife lie there as the machine hum . the police car reappear : loudspeaker voice return to you home . curfew be in effect . return to you home ... , montag turn , see group of neighbor watch from the sidewalk up and down the street . they turn and head back into they home . montag look to clarisse 's house . she and she family be watch from they porch . they be at a distance , but even from here montag can feel the little girl 's gaze as we fade to : 23 . int - bedroom - morning montag awaken to find millie 's side of the bed empty ... hallway ... and he emerge from the bedroom . the tv room be already on , but also empty . he continue up the hallway to -- the kitchen -- where he find millie make breakfast , pale and draw , drift like a ghost . plasma tvs be play in here , too , draw she attention as : montag Morning . millie hey . you oversleep . montag ( watch she carefully ) how be you feel ? millie hungry . I do not know why I be so hungry . I be starve . ( look to he ) do we have people over last night ? montag yeah . some people come . millie I be so hang over . I remember somebody talk to I . say something . I hope I do not make a fool of myself . montag millie ... about last night ... millie why would you let I drink so much ? I have get this taste in my mouth . ugh ... do I throw up ? do anybody see ? montag millie , listen ... suddenly , a soft voice announce : voice Mrs. montag . it 's time for the family . Mrs. montag ... 24 . millie the family 's here . let 's talk about this tonight . hurrying now , she gather she tray , pause -- millie you okay ? you look terrible . -- and exit into the hallway . montag follow she . montag we should talk about this now . millie honey , it 's the family . and you have to get ready for work . we will talk tonight . she enter : the tv room montag no we will not . there will be some other program on tonight . montag hover in the doorway as she head to she favorite chair , one that swivel 360 degree . millie I be here ! announcer ... welcome you again to the warm bosom of the family . bring you love , life , commitment ... all the thing you treasure most ... montag millie , please ... millie honey , shhh . I never miss the family , you know that ... we be suddenly surround on all side by a beach . the digital clarity of the image be stun , the envelop 360 so convincing it 's almost as if we have be transport there . the five character on the plasma screen be life-size , walk along the surf , talk earnestly : bob I be not try to be control , but I be she father . 25 . helen I agree . this be a huge decision that will affect she entire life . herbert but it 's she life , let 's not forget that . we can not live it for she . bob of course . but we be a family , and I feel it bear discussion . what do you think , millie ? the character hit a cue- loop and stop , look at millie , await she answer . this be a interactive soap opera : millie yes . yes , of course I agree . it certainly bear discussion . the character resume walk . bob thank you , millie . we can always count on you to be the voice of reason . helen millie dear . you be such a comfort to this family . millie ( beam ) I be always so happy to help . bob now , Jenny ... about this marriage proposal ... what do we really know about this fellow ... montag you take all the pill in you bottle last night . millie ( distract ) what ? montag you leveler . you take they all . on screen , the character pause , look again to millie : bob I be sorry , millie ... do you say something ? 26 . millie no , no ... please continue . montag you have to have you stomach pump and you blood recycle . millie that 's ridiculous . I would not do a thing like that . herbert ( pause ) what 's ridiculous , millie dear ? millie ( to the screen ) just ignore I . I be talk to myself . please continue . jenny he 's from a excellent family , but what do it matter ? I be so in love , I have never feel this way before ... montag but you do . the bottle be empty . millie that 's not possible . I would not do that . why would I do that ? montag maybe you take a few and forget . then take a few more . millie that 's stupid . I do not . why would I ? montag I do not know . I be ask . millie I would not . not in a billion year . she 's distract , try to follow the discussion on screen . montag come up behind she , try to get she attention : montag be I lie to you ? millie ? be that what you think ? that I would look you in the eye and lie to you ? he put he hand on she shoulder , but she slap it away : 27 . millie no ! you be just wrong ! you be be stupid , so stop it ! let I watch my program ! I be miss what they be say ! jenny ...m most precious thing in the world . do not you want for my happiness ? do not you , millie ? do not you think I should have Tyler 's baby ? millie o£ course . of course you should . I want you to be so happy . jenny ( tear glisten ) oh , thank you , millie . I love you so . it will be perfect , you will see . helen ( to Bob ) millie be the wise one in the family . she 's never wrong . herbert I do not want to ruin anybody 's happiness , but there 's one thing we have not consider ... montag ( softly ) I gotta get ready for work . millie 's no longer listen . montag drift from the room . CUT to : ext - STREET / clarisse's house - day a cold breeze rattles the autumn leave across the pavement as montag walk toward the transit station with he gym bag . he slow in front of clarisse 's house , gaze over the fence across the wild tangle of yard . curious about the house and the people who live there . int - house - upper floor - day clarisse be attend home school , use 'a stylus on a electronic pad to do she lesson . through the window , b.g. , the tiny figure of montag can be see on the street . clarisse notice montag out there , pause the lesson . 28 . ext - STREET - day montag see she appear at the window . she give he a tentative smile and a wave . hesitant , montag wave back . clarisse motion " wait " and disappear from view . a moment later she reappear with a cat , a orange tabby , and put he on the inner sill . montag watch , increasingly puzzle . the cat patiently endure as clarisse put a little red cowboy hat on he with a rubber band strap , then slip he hind leg into little cowboy boot . done , clarisse stand the kitty up on its hind leg and " puppet " he in a goofy little dance . the image be so absurd and unexpected , montag can not help laugh . clarisse smile at he reaction , happy . softly : montag now that 's just ... silly . she make the cat wave goodbye . montag walk on ... CuT to : int - firehouse - night - and we be plunge into a cauldron of noise : firemen shouting as bet be make , insult trade . dillman , lander , peck , ormsby , and a dozen other be cluster around six wire cage on the firehouse floor , each contain a large sewer rat . before they stand the mechanical hound , wait . as the man jostle and shout , dillman raise a cage to show everybody the aggressive , hiss rat within . the cage have a handwritten number " 3 " on it . dillman who 's it gonna be ? horse number three ? let 's see some money ! peck look at that mean son of a bitch ! that 's he , that 's my bad boy ! lander you be gonna lose you shirt , peck ! peck fifty buck say you can kiss my ass ! lander a bargain ! you wife charge a hundred ! 29 . ormsby go on , dillman , give it a whiff ! dillman hold the cage out , let the mechanical hound smell the rat . to a nose as finely calibrate as the hound 's , the rat 's scent be as good as a DNA fingerprint . ( the data appear on ormsby 's plasma-screen next to " horse # 3 : peck 's bad Boy . " ) ormsby get it ! next ! dillman dump the rat out of the cage to join two other already in the " start gate " -- a round bottomless hold pen on the floor . he reach for the next cage while : montag and beatty sit on a cot apart from the other , speak quietly : montag thank you for help last night . captain beatty thank I no thanking , nor proud I no proud . it 's nothing . montag I come close to lose she . if you have not intervene ... captain beatty and how 's millie ? okay ? ( montag hesitates ) tell I . montag she will not talk about it . she will not even admit it happen . captain beatty maybe that 's a good thing . if she do not remember , I doubt she intend to harm herself . that 's what 's get you worried , yes ? ( montag nod ) she probably just lose track . it happen . never happen to you ? . montag I do not take leveler . captain beatty really ? I never know that . montag , I be surprised at you . it 's the shortcut to bliss , have not you see the ad ? everybody take leveler . 30 . montag do you ? captain beatty ( wry ) I like a little misery now and again . ( montag laugh softly ) ah , a smile , thank God . there 's the old montag . I be beginning to worry . dillman dump the last rat into the hold pen , raise he arm to quiet the man : dillman welcome to Rat dome ! six rat enter ... one rat leave ! Mr. ormsby , program the hound for five kill in random order , if you please ! who will the lucky survivor be ? final bet , place you final bet ! ( call over ) montag , you in ? montag not tonight . dillman ( offer ) and we know we dear captain never wager ... captain beatty I prefer sure thing to guesswork . but thank you , Mr. dillman . dillman in that case , the betting window be close ! horse be at the gate ! a boisterous countdown begin : all the men five . .. four ... three ... two ... one ! dillman kick the hold pen over , freeing the rat -- dillman and they be off ! -- which scatter in all direction , man jump and shouting as rat go zipping past they foot . ormsby hit " send . " the hound 's eye go infra-re . pandemonium ensue as the hound spring into action and streak across the firehouse like a guide missile ... 31 . ... and catch the first rat within second , snatching it up in its jaw and shaking its chrome head so fast that the rat fly apart in its tooth . ( that rat 's data entry turn red on ormsby 's screen . ) the hound veer and go after the next rat , man run and shouting and jump out of the way as : montag and beatty captain beatty it 's not just the incident last night , be it ? there 's something else troubling you . montag we do not seem to talk much at all any more . I feel like we have drift , but ... I do not know why . or what to do about it . I try . the hound make another kill . another entry on ormsby 's screen turn red . the man shout like spectator at a football game . montag and beatty captain beatty perhaps I can make we human resource department available to you . therapy , counseling ... montag that benefit be for rank officer only . captain beatty well , I be not go to spill this bean just yet ... the hound kill another rat , veer after the next . montag and beatty captain beatty ++. but I have decide to nominate you as my replacement when I retire . that mean promotion . Captain montag , how do that sound ? I will suggest they advance you some of that benefit . with you record , and you promise future , I be sure dhs will see thing my way . montag be blow away by this news . beatty lean in . 32 . captain beatty you be special , montag . Command caliber . that make you a deeply valuable asset to this department . montag I do not know what to say . captain beatty ( smile ) someday , my boy , all this will be yours . include the rat ... ( he gaze shift ) .-- oh , hell . a rat zip under they cot , the hound in pursuit . they leap to they foot as the hound barrel between they , send the cot spin into the air to the delighted howl of the man . we hear a squeal as the fifth rat be kill . its data entry go red , leave one . the hound pause , await further instruction . amidst the jeer and laughter : ormsby too bad , peck . that be you bad boy . peck bend down and see the sixth and final rat press against the wall under a desk , panting in terror . lander and the winner be ? ormsby horse # 2 , " dillman 's Delight . " dillman ohhh , what a heartbreak ! sorry , boy , fork it over ! I hate to say it , but I be the winnaahh ... peck take you money and shut you pie - hole , dillman . suddenly , the alarm sound . the man react , scatter as : captain beatty gentlemen , fun 's over ! kindly dispose of the winner . ormsby quickly enter a kill command . the hound bound across the floor and pounce on the last shrieking rat as we CUT to : 33 . ext - firehouse - night huge door slide open , revealing the salamander in a glare of light . it rumble out , siren wailing . the control van follow . CUT to : ext - house - night a three -story victorian relic stand like a ghost from another era just outside the downtown financial district , skyscraper loom in the misty sky b.g . the vacant lot in this area have become hooverville of the future -- shanty town fill with homeless people live in tent and cardboard box . cookfire be drift smoke . searchlight suddenly blaze from the sky as hovercopter appear . the homeless begin to panic as the siren of the salamander come swell up the street . loudspeaker voice ( from hovercopter ) remain calm . this be a routine FIRE alarm . remain calm or riot troops will be summoned . the salamander pull up before the victorian house . the control van veer past it , take up position as police vehicle arrive to provide backup . some of the homeless start drift this way from they shanty town , draw by the promise of a fire . firemen jump down from the truck , march across the stretch of dead lawn past a pair of stone lions . this house might have be a library once , a few hundred year ago . the batter ram be readied as the man take position at the door . beatty knock . for a moment there 's nothing . beatty be about to motion they to break the door down , but then : a face appear at the window , ethereal and beautiful . it 's a old woman , she eye luminous , she skin like wear silk . she motion for beatty to be patient . the face withdraw . a few second pass . we hear the door unlocking from inside . it open , revealing the old woman . her smile be enigmatic , as if she 's merely receive visitor . old woman good evening . captain beatty madam . we have a warrant . 34 . old woman of course you do . everything all nice and legal and proper . nobody 's rights shall be violate this evening , I be sure . ( swing the door wider ) please do come in . mind you wipe you foot . montag and the other be trading glance . this be different . int - entryway of house - night the firemen enter and spread out a bit , gaze up . we be in a grand entry foyer that soar three storey up , surround on all side by landing . the staircase railing be carve wood , the lighting be Tiffany stain glass , the furnishings be as ancient as the house . a grandfather clock tick softly . old woman I have be expect you . captain beatty have you indeed ? old woman for many year . I have often try to imagine you face . now I know . beatty raise he plasma-screen clipboard . captain beatty name ? old woman you may call I Mrs. havisham , if that please you . and I might call you pip . yes , that might be quite amusing . ( off he look ) do not insult my intelligence . you know my name . captain beatty ( check he screen ) Mrs. roland . I be Captain beatty . we have receive a anonymous tip ... old woman be there any other kind ? captain beatty ... which empower we by law to conduct a search for book . 35 . old woman and you shall find they , I be sure . in the wall . the attic . under the floor . do not forget to check the cupboard . captain beatty montag . have the man proceed , and see the lady out . montag five team of three ! carillo , peck , first and second floor ! dillman , third ! lander , basement ! ormsby , attic ! go ! the team split up , double-time . the old woman watch they go . montag offer he hand to escort she out . montag ma'am ? please come with I . old woman I most certainly will not . nor may you coerce I . be not that right , Captain ? captain beatty dear lady , let 's have no foolishness . accompany the fireman , he will see you safely out . please do not make I insist . old woman insist all you like . I be perfectly within my legal rights , as you well know . montag throw beatty a puzzle look . beatty give the old woman a appraise look , motion montag to wait . captain beatty accord to whom ? she pull a book from she pocket , paging through it . old woman you own homeland Security manual . one of the few book not on the burn list . I have read it many time with great interest , especially the section on you department . ( pause to read ) " the fire department be establish in 1790 to burn English - influence ° ( more ) 36 . old woman ( cont 'd ) book in the colony . the first fireman : Benjamin Franklin . " oh , I do so love history . ( keep paging ) let 's see . ah , here it be . I have it mark . chapter twelve , subsection four . accord to the Supreme Court decision granting the government full authority as regards the burn of book for purpose of national security , the accuse -- that would be I -- have the right to remain present and bear full witness . she close the book and tuck it away . captain beatty that 's a extremely obscure and seldom - invoke right . old woman nevertheless , I invoke it . {off beatty 's look ) they be you rule . you must abide by they . a moment of stand - off . beatty gaze at the woman . the woman unflinch . montag uncertain , catch between they . captain beatty montag . scan the lady , if you please . montag pull he x- ray wand , run it up and down the woman 's body . beatty click he comlink ... captain beatty Control ? int - control van - night -.. and we see x-ray image come over the monitor -- bone , vein , swirl of cloth . the computer give readout and percentage : " cotton fiber , elastic , organic material , " etc . controller # 1 no conceal weapon ... no incendiary device ... int - house / grand entryway - night controller # 1 ( over comlink , filter ) -.- she 's clean . 37 . captain beatty you may stay until I order in the flamethrower . that be when you right expire and you shall be remove for you own safety . until then , fireman montag will remain at you side . old woman that be satisfactory . montag shake he head -- this be crazy . beatty glance up as a voice come over he comlink : dillman ( filter ) cap ! you be not gonna believe this ... third floor dillman and he team be sweeping the hallway wall with they wand , mouth agape , the ghostly x- ray image revealing : book . and more book . Endless row of they within the wall . int - control van - night the controller be watch , amaze . the monitor show x- ray image of book everywhere throughout the house . softly : controller # 2 Holy Christ . look at ‘em all . int - house / grand entryway - night dillman appear at the third floor railing above . dillman they be everywhere . the whole house ... lander' voice ( over comlink , filter ) lander , sir , confirm that . must be thousand . captain beatty get on with it . axe and chainsaw rip the wall ... ceiling be tear open with long pike ... floorboard be sunder with pry bar ... shelve be overturn , furniture smashed ... 38 . a angle replay the open image of we film : in slo - mo , a object fall through frame -- a book . Rolling , tumble , drop from sight . another book . and another . book fall . and soon : raining . it 's raining book . angle tilt down to reveal the old woman watch the book fall all around she . she turn to montag , meet he gaze . softly : montag why do you want to see this ? old woman they be my book . montag catch a book as it fall , look up to see : firemen throw armload of book over the railing . they rain down , cascade , flutter like bird . montag take the old woman by the elbow , guide she gently to a safer position ... ext - house - night ..- while the scooper dump another load of book onto the beacon and back away ... int - house - night ..-. and boot come pound as firemen enter with kerosene pumper on they back , fan out . angle shift to montag watch the old woman . she 's take it all in , she expression inscrutable ... all around they , throughout the house , firemen soak the wall , the heaps of book , prime the house like a bomb ... the fume be get thick . montag snap he breather mask over he face , take a few deep breath . he pull the mask away , offer it to the woman . old woman no thank you . she pull a handkerchief , hold it over she nose and mouth . a few firemen be gather at beatty 's side , pumper empty . montag , cue by a look from beatty , click he comlink : montag gentlemen , wrap it up . 39 . upper floor dillman 's pumper go dry . he motion " let 's go " to the other as he click he comlink : dillman we be do here ! head down now ! entryway beatty turn to the old woman : captain beatty the flamethrower be next . it 's time to leave . she meet he gaze , she eye water from the fume . old woman you can not ever have my book . captain beatty ( gently ) book be not real . only the law be real . come on now . old woman I would rather stay . captain beatty you know I can not allow that . suicide be also against the law . montag ma'am . this whole house be gonna go up . come on . I will walk you out . old woman no . . captain beatty I be count to ten . if you do not leave , my man will pick you up and carry you out . one ...two ... montag it will be okay . just come with I . captain beatty ...three ...four ... old woman thank you anyway . captain beatty ...five ...six ... 40 . montag ( offer he hand ) please . old woman go on . I will be fine . captain beatty ...seven ... eight ... old woman .- shut the gate ... she reach up , undoing she bun . her hair unravel as she pull a small , slender object from it ... old woman ..- nine ...ten ... ... and she hold the object out toward they ... old woman ..a big fat hen . --- it 's a ordinary kitchen match . her thumbnail poise on the sulfur tip . the man draw back , stunne . int - control van - night panic erupt , voice shouting and overlap : controller # 2 -- where the hell do that come from -- controller # 3 -- get them out , get them out of there -- controller # 1 ( on comlink ) -- all personnel evacuate the building immediately ! suspect have a match ... int - house - various area - night firemen react , horrify , break and run for the exit .. controller # 1 ( on comlink , filter ) ..- repeat , suspect have a match ! evacuate the building now ! grand entryway ... while the old woman back montag , beatty , and the other firemen toward the door with she match . 41 . captain beatty {calm , steely ) gentlemen , you hear the order . evacuate . the other rush out , but montag stay . he and beatty keep back slowly toward the door as : captain beatty allow I to appeal to you reason . where 's the sense in this ? old woman where 's the sense in anything ? the world 's go upside down . captain beatty the world be fine , it 's you mind that 's upside down . see what that book have do to you ? montag ma'am . this be crazy . you do not want to do this . old woman this be my home . and this be my book . get out . now. ( as they hesitate ) get the hell out ! montag and beatty back out the door ... int / ext - entryway / porch - night ... onto the front porch . a voice come over beatty 's comlink : voice ( filter ) the police have a sniper ! should we take she out ? beatty throw montag a long - suffer look , click he comlink . captain beatty that would defeat the purpose now , would not it ? I be certain Mrs. roland will see reason , once she 's have a chance to think it through . be not that right , dear ? the old woman turn away , walk back to the center of the xoom , gaze around at the wreckage , the pile of book . montag try to go back inside to grab she , but beatty put a restrain hand on he arm . 42 . captain beatty Mrs. roland ? you have make you point . give everyone a good scare . well do . time to come out now . she turn , face they . a long look pass between they as she thumbnail tighten on the match head ... old woman play the man , master ridley ; we shall this day light such a candle , by God 's grace , in England , as I trust shall never be put out . montag ( a whisper ) do not . --- and she thumbnail scrape the sulfur tip , flaring it to life . montag 's eye widen in horror -- -- and the match flare leap into the air , a heartbeat of white - hot ignition , the air rippling as it catch fire . for a moment the old woman be surround by a aura of flame swirl about she , lift she hair and catch it afire , make she eye glow like coal -- -- and boooom ! the entryway explode , shatter window , a huge fist of flame punch through the front door and blow beatty and montag right off they foot , hurl they over the railing and onto the lawn in a storm of debris . some other firemen be catch on the run , also blow off they foot ... int - house - various angle - night a firestorm surge up the stair ... race along the wall ... engulf room after room ... shatter the grandfather clock with heat ... consume pile of book ... ext - house - night montag pries he face off the lawn , see beatty sit up next to he with he pant leg on fire . frantic , montag help smother the flame as beatty yell into he comlink : captain beatty do everybody get out ? controller # 1 ( filter ) all link be active ! everybody 's fine ! montag turn , gaze at the house through a pall of smoke and swirl ember , and see : 43 . through the front door a inferno within . a figure appear in the flame . a burn woman . stagger in the blast-furnace . tripping and fall . then go in a rush of flame . push in on montag stare in horror . firemen come run against a backdrop of flame , pull beatty and montag to they foot , rush they away as the house burn ... CUT to : ext - on the moving salamander - night Riding back to the firehouse . face grim . CUT to : int - firehouse - night gear be be clean and stow . the mood be subdued , quiet . montag back the scooper off the firetruck , park it . as he get off , beatty enter and activity come to a standstill . captain beatty most of you have never see a suicide . they be far more common in the old day . just understand there be no accounting for unstable mind . you all follow protocol and do you job well . nobody here be to blame . glance be trade . nobody feel good about what happen tonight . softly : montag I miss it . the match . when I scan she . captain beatty then it 's you fault ? I see . or be it mine , for fail to instruct you to scan she hair ? I be officer in charge , after all . blame , if any , lie with I . my report will say so . but montag . I be not the old woman who stand in a house prime with kerosene and choose to light a match . nor be you . nor ( more ) 44 . captain beatty ( cont 'd ) be any of we . that act of insanity lie solely with she . yes ? montag nod . beatty motion to the group . captain beatty let 's put it behind we . that gear be not go to stow itself , be it ? the man disperse , activity resume as : peck ( grumble ) I dunno what we be all twisted up over . stupid old bitch could 'a get we all kill . I be glad she burn . lander leave it alone , peck . give we a break ... montag secure the scooper , attach the tiedown , as beatty come up behind he : captain beatty all do ? montag I still have to recharge the fuel cell . captain beatty no . I mean , blame yourself . all do ? . montag hesitates , nod . beatty start to move off , but : montag master ridley . that crazy thing she say . play the game , something , something . captain beatty " play the man , master ridley . we shall this day light such a candle , by God 's grace , in England , as I trust shall never be put out . " some firemen nearby pause , startle . 45 . captain beatty a man name latimer say that to a man name Nicholas ridley as they be be burnt alive at Oxford , for heresy , in 1555 . ( off they look ) oh , I be full of bit and piece . most fire captain be , after do it enough year . the nonsense stick to you boot like chew gum . ( to montag ) but nonsense be all it be . romantic , foolish notion that appeal to feeble mind and justify idiot behavior such as suicide . ( lean in , softly ) go home , montag . hug you wife . beatty depart . montag move to the front of the scooper to connect the hydrogen fuel hose ... --- and stop . there , lie in the scoop blade , be two book that _got leave behind when the last load be dumped . ormsby . ( suddenly appear ) need help ? montag um...no . get it . thanks . ormsby leave . montag connect the fuel coupling , move off . CUT to : int - locker room - night -. , and we find montag sit before he locker after a shower , toweling he hair . he look numb . the place be empty , locker door shutting , voice drift off , firemen head home . he become aware of dillman down the row , lace he boot . a look pass between they . it 's clear both man be stunne , deeply shake . softly , so only montag can hear : dillman I can not get it out of my head . you ? montag shake he head . no , he can not . almost embarrassed , dillman grab he gym bag and leave . montag be leave alone . he rise to he locker , lift he fireman 's necklace from its peg , drape it around he neck . CuT to : 46 . int - firehouse - night montag slide down the brass pole , move through the shadow past the salamander . this part of the firehouse be desert . muffled voice can be hear from the floor above , follow by occasional burst of raucous laughter . montag 's draw inexorably to the scooper . he stop , peer into the scooper blade , see the two book lie in shadow . he 's freeze , unsure . he reach in and pull one out . it 's " Charlie the choo choo , " by beryl Evans . a child 's book . he pull out the other one . " Lord of the fly , " by William gold . neither title mean anything to he , but the book themselves have he transfix . quickly , before he can change he mind , he shove the book into he gym bag , head for the exit ... another angle --- and as he round the corner , come face to face with the mechanical hound . the beast be lie there , head rest on its paw . montag freeze . the hound raise its head , look like a exotic chrome sphinx . its glow red eye abruptly dilate wider with a soft whirrr . to montag 's astonishment , a low growl build in the hound 's throat . montag easy , boy . easy now . montag take a nervous step back . the hound rise and come forward , sniff the air ... its titanium jaw open , gleam . the hypodermic tongue distend , slowly at first , then flick forward and back , forward and back -- snap , snap , snap ! a drop of amber fluid fly off the needle tip , hit the floor . montag sit . goddamn it , I say sit . the hound hesitates , back off . its haunch lower and the beast lie back down , but remain coiled like a spring . montag good boy . stay . stay . the hound stay . montag circle past it , out the door ... CUT to : 47 . ext - transit station platform - night the latest war news be play on the VID screen . image of float hovertank skim desert sand in some far off land . muzzle blast . explosion . stir theme music . pan to montag wait for he train . a pair of beat cop in they urban armor be crossing the platform toward he . they see he fireman 's uniform , pass he with a nod . he nod back . cur to : int - moving mag - lev train - night montag ride the train , paranoia grow . people seem to be stare at he . he turn away , look out the window . cuT to : ext - montag' neighborhood - night montag walk home , gym bag in hand . in the far b.g. , a police car appear , cruise slowly into the intersection . montag glance back and keep walk , praying the car will continue on through the intersection . but no , the police car turn , come this way . montag keep walk , slowly , force himself to appear nonchalant . but the moment he turn the corner ... the next STREET ..- he break into a full run . foot pound the pavement , gym bag fly at he side . he drop the gym bag . shit ! he skid to a stop , grab it , go darting down the next intersect street . a moment later , the police car appear around the corner . the pedestrian they be tailing be go . the car accelerate toward we , light flashing ... the next STREET .. as montag come run , hearing the police car racing up toward the intersection behind he . he dive for cover behind some trash can lining the sidewalk , squeezing into the shadow between the can and a fence . the police car swerve into view around the corner . slow . spotlight blaze to life as the vehicle come creep up the street toward we , probing the shadow . 48 . tight on montag as the light grow brighter , nearer . he 's gasp to catch he breath . suddenly : clarisse ( 0.s. ) ( whisper ) do not breathe so loud . they have microphone . montag turn he head . the fence he 's squeeze up against be clarisse 's . he can see she eye through the crack in the board -- she 's crouch on the other side . the car draw parallel with they , the dazzle glare of the spotlight probing from the other side of the trash can . the car stop . faint , ghostly radio chatter spill into the night . we hear murmur : cop # 1 I get sound and motion . something back there . montag 's freeze , try not to move or breathe . suddenly , from the other side of the fence come a meow . clarisse 's cat skitter along the fence in the shadow . cop # 2 goddamn cat . the car move on , spotlight ply the shadow . montag watch it disappear down the street . in whisper : clarisse why be you hide ? montag I do something tonight . something very stupid . clarisse what ? montag I take some book . no response at first . he shift he head so he can see she more clearly through the slat in the fence . she 's watch he , she face like a porcelain doll 's in the moonlight . clarisse do you ? do you really ? 49 , montag it be stupid . I should not have do it . and I should not have run ' just now . I 'ma fireman , they would not have searched I . I be not think clearly . I have to think . he hug the gym bag to he chest , mind racing . clarisse be you scared ? montag I will just give they back . better yet , burn they . that 's right , that 's what I should do . just tear out the page and burn they myself . clarisse yes . that would probably be best . ( pause ) can I see they ? he hesitates , open the gym bag , pull out the book . she reach through the slat , fingertip brush the cover . clarisse " Charlie the choo choo . " , montag if they ever find out ... if they know I have they ... clarisse I will not tell . montag 's shocked . her word , so simple , have unlock a door ... as if she , of all people , have give he permission . montag you will not ? clarisse not anybody . not ever . he peer at she through the slat . montag really ? she nod , she expression grave . montag do not know what to say . he look down at the book , make a decision . he ease " Charlie the choo choo " through the slat . clarisse 's breath catch in she throat . she take the book , almost afraid to touch it . she look to he , unable to believe it . 50 . montag make sure nobody find that . I mean ever , ever . okay ? she draw the book toward she , but hesitates . clarisse it 's not a trick , be it ? you will not come and burn we house , will you ? montag no . I will not . I promise . ( beat ) clarisse . I be really glad you be my friend . really glad . okay ? clarisse okay . and then she 's go , off into the shadow . montag shove " Lord of the fly " back in he bag , leave he hide place ... CUT to : int - montag be house - bedroom - night millie 's asleep in the dark . montag ease onto the bed , still fully dress , spoon up next to she . he 's uncertain , scared , need to hold she . she stir , groggy , half - asleep , as : montag we burn a woman tonight . millie you ... what ? you do what ? montag a old woman . she have a match . we do not see it until it be too late . millie so ... she kill herself . she be crazy . a crazy old woman . montag yeah , I guess that 's right . a crazy old woman . millie you have I confuse . ( roll away ) poor guy . you must be tired . try and get some sleep . she drift off . montag hold she a while , then ease to he side of the bed , mind go a mile - a-minute . 51 . the bathroom montag enter , lock the door . he pull " Lord of the fly " from he gym bag , examine it with fascination . he open it , riffle the page . montag Paper . ink. word . so what ? he sit , use the toilet for a chair , start read the very first page as we dissolve to : int - bathroom - day the angle have not change , but we find montag sprawle on the floor in a exhaust sleep , the book lie nearby . sudden pounding wrench he awake . millie " 's muffle voice be hear through the door : millie ( 0.s. ) guy , answer I ! be you all right in there ? montag wha--yeah ... yeah , m'all right ... he sit up , try to get he bearing , reeling from be jolted from a deep sleep . millie ( 0.s . ) what be you do in there ? open the door ! his eye focus , remember where he be , see the book lie on the floor . he grab it and rise , fight panic . montag . uh-huh , ' kay , just a minute ... millie ( 0.s . ) no , now ! I mean it ! you have be in there all morning ! you get I worried sick ... and I have to pee ! he jam the book in he waistband , hide it with he untucked shirt . a quick glance in the mirror -- yup , he look like hell . he open the door . millie muscle past he and make a beeline for the toilet , sit to pee . in the hallway -+- as montag move into the hallway , heart still pound . 52 . millie ( 0.s. ) be you in here all night ? montag yeah . sorry . I be throw up . I have come down with something . ( beat ) would you call Captain beatty and tell he I be not come in ? the doorbell ring . he start up the hallway to answer it . millie ( 0.s. ) you can tell he yourself . that 's probably he . ..- and he stop in he track , fully awake now , stare at the front door . montag what ? we hear the toilet flush . millie exit the bathroom , see montag stand there . the doorbell ring again . millie he call twice this morning , say he be come over . you gonna answer it ? he turn , push past she toward the bedroom . montag no . tell he I be sick . tell he to go away . millie what ? I can not tell he that ! he 's you boss ! montag tell he I be in bed ! I have get chill ! fever ! just do it ! off she stunne look , he enter -- the bedroom -- where he pull the book and shove it under he pillow . he glance through the half - open bedroom door as he peel off he clothes . he can see millie at the far end of the hallway b.g. , talk to beatty at the front door . she bring he this way . montag jump into bed . moment later , beatty enter , trail tentatively by millie . 53. captain beatty sorry to hear you be sick . montag I want to call . ask for the night off . captain beatty by all mean , take it . you health be important . beatty pull up a chair , sit at bedside , eyeing montag . captain beatty Mrs. montag . do take good care of we boy . lot of rest , lot of fluid . we want he hale and hearty . she circle the bed , play the good wife , put on a show of make montag more comfortable , straighten the bedding ... montag that 's fine , honey , thanks . ..- but she keep on fussing , cow by beatty 's presence as : captain beatty I be worried about you . you and dillman . you two seem to take it the hardest . you know , he do not go home last night . montag 's distract and edgy -- now millie 's fluffing the damn pillow . montag honey , it 's fine , okay ? dillman ? what about he ? captain beatty he 's go miss . his wife say he never show up . ( off montag 's look ) we have notify the police . I do hope he 's okay . montag 's get panicky as millie try to get at he pillow to fluff it ... millie honey , move you shoulder . montag millie , leave it ! it 's fine ! 54 . ... and she suddenly freeze , hand under he pillow , shock creep into she face . she can feel the book . quietly : montag honey , the pillow 's fine . we be talk . please stop fussing . she pull she hand away , face slack , try not to betray anything . beatty 's watch they both as : millie okay . how about some tea ? montag that would be great . millie Captain ? for you ? captain beatty splendid , thank you . she move stiffly to the door and exit . beatty seem to stare right through montag , then : captain beatty I know what 's go on . montag oh ? captain beatty some firemen see a woman burn and think , " well , that happen . " they go home , have dinner , show up for work the next day . it 's not so easy for other . some firemen can hit a snag from time to time . a crisis . doubt . question . it 's ingrain in the job . that 's why I be here , to help you through it , if I can . int - tv room - day beatty slot he security card into the tv port . captain beatty request clearance for private uplink . voice State name , rank , and division for voice recognition . captain beatty beatty , tiberius , fire captain , Phoenix division . 55 . voice uplink approve . stand by . beatty motion for montag to sit . montag , in he robe , take center seat . beatty remain stand . captain beatty where do it begin , you ask , this thing we do ? how do it start ? the tv room come to life . we be surround by image , montag and beatty seemingly transport into the event on screen : Book burning . many of this image be once black & white , but have since be digitally enhance and colorize . captain beatty they use to teach this stuff in the Academy . gave the rookie a good ground in fundamentals . not so much anymore . shame . as they watch : bolsheviks burn decadent capitalist literature . the Nazi faithful hurl armload of book onto raging bonfire , send geyser of ember swirl into the air . Southern baptist torch truckload of elvis and Beatles record , spice the mix with armload of " catcher in the Rye , " " slaughterhouse five , " " lolita . " a veritable orgy of flame . vonnegut . wilde. bradbury . Rowling . Ellison . shelley . Shaw . heretics be burn at the stake . tight on montag gaze straight ahead . the image surround he on all side , flame flicker across he face and tattooing pinpoint of fire into he eye . from montag 's face , we boom up to : captain beatty it 's nothing new , montag , what we do . admittedly , in the past , it 's be unfocus . haphazard . disharmonious . various special interest group try to get the better of other special interest group whose special interest they disapprove of . opinion fly like hand grenade . book wield like stone club to smash one another over the head with . pundit fling they precious thought like ape fling fece through the bar of a cage . 56 . dizzy image of mass rally . stalin . Hitler . captain beatty every so often a book would come along and turn the world on its ear . marx and he manifesto . Hitler and he kampf . before you know it , it be not just book be burn . it be people . not just a crazy old woman with a kitchen match , but by the million . entire city . ( to the tv ) show I London . dresden . Tokyo . click , click , click -- image of city be consume in massive firebombings . captain beatty Hiroshima . nagasaki . mushroom cloud suddenly rise before montag 's eye like sun be bear . beatty 's pace , watch , circle montag . captain beatty book be dangerous , montag . lethal in they power . the book burner have the right idea , of course , but they never burn right . they burn to prove some selfish point , not for the great goal of harmony and the good of mankind . and then ... then come the start of this century . and the beginning of clarity . image of 9 - 11 be shocking in they ferocity . the twin tower burn , tumble , collapse ... captain beatty book be fine once upon a time , back when there be plenty of room , in the day of horse and cart . but the world become far too vast , too complex , too dangerous . we agendas could no longer conflict , not if we be to survive . pull together for a common goal , that 's what be require . book and divisive philosophy need not apply . I will not stomach they for a moment , nor should you . the stake be , and be , far too great . millie enter with tea . beatty take a cup . the screen depict increasingly futuristic form of warfare in a wide variety of land . float hovertank . smarter and smarter bomb . 57 . captain beatty peace , montag . harmony , montag . Security , montag . happiness . ( to millie ) that 's what everyone want , be not it , dear ? have not you hear it all you life ? I want to be happy , people say . do not you ? do not everyone ? millie yes . yes , they do . I be ... I be happy . fluster , millie offer the tea tray to montag . he take he cup and she hurry out . captain beatty that 's we , montag . the happiness twin . the Dixie Duo , you and I . we stand against that who want everyone unhappy and divide . I do not think you realize how important you be to the survival of we society . recite the first two article of faith from the fireman 's manual . montag " one , book erode the fundamental precept of we democracy , which be that all man be create equal . two , book be a reflection of one man' ego , and thus by they very nature be antisocial and combative . " captain beatty my God 's better than you God . my morality be superior to yours . I disapprove of you life , you choice , you culture , you politics , you smell . a book be a load gun in the house next door . so ? into the incinerator with it . all man make equal . all man make happy . black do not like " Little Black sambo ? " burn it . whites be ashamed of " uncle Tom 's cabin ? " scorch it . " johnny get his gun " demoralize we troops and hinder the war effort ? render its ash unto caesar , lest the empire fall . ( sit , face montag ) we have be at war since before you and I be bear . you do you military service as require , and with distinction . so do I . so must we all do we part -- no if , and , ( more ) 58. captain beatty ( cont 'd ) or maybe -- or we shall lose someday . we country , we people , we way of life -- that 's what 's at stake . ( to the room ) enough . the screen go dark , silent . beatty pull out he lighter , flick it on - off , on -off . admire the flame . he look at montag with a twinkle in he eye . captain beatty tell you a little secret . I have read a few book in my day . I have doubt , too , as a young man . question . I have to know what I be about . he draw a cigar from he inner pocket , apply the flame . he puff the montag nod . beatty rise captain beatty and the more I read , the more I do know . I come to know the face of my enemy and the truth of my call . book , dear montag , say nothing . they be good for one thing . the application of heat . four hundred and fifty one degree Fahrenheit , to be precise . cigar to life . montag so ... if a fireman be to ... accidentally ... not really intend anything ... captain beatty take a book home ? his mouth be dry . captain beatty a natural error . curiosity alone . we do not get anxious or mad . we let the fireman keep the book for a day or two . if he have not burn it by then , well ... we simply come and burn it for he . ( off montag 's look ) Fire be bright , and fire be clean . feel better , my boy . I hope to see you back before too long . and exit past millie hover in the doorway . 59 . captain beatty thank you for the tea . millie bye . they stay freeze : montag in the chair , millie in the doorway . they listen as beatty go to the front door and exit . montag turn , look to millie . she 's seethe . : millie goddamn you . she dart from view toward the bedroom . everything that follow be handheld , continuous : montag jump up , out of the tv room , down the hallway , into the bedroom , where millie 's rip the bedding away , hurl it to the floor , grab the book , collide with montag as he try to calm she , but she 's beyond that , hysterical ... millie be you crazy ? be you insane ? what be wrong with you ? montag millie , please , listen -- millie get away from I ! .. and she 's up the hallway , into the bathroom , slam the door in he face . we hold on montag in the hallway as : montag millie ! millie ( 0.s. ) leave I alone ! montag what be you do in there ? millie ( 0.s. ) not listen to you ! go away ! montag ( beat , try to be calm ) millie . honey . please do not hurt the book . millie ( 0.s. ) you bastard ! I be burn it ! 60 . montag you be what ? millie ( 0.s. ) I get a lighter from the kitchen ! I be burn it ! montag millie , do not ! I mean it ! ( pound on the door ) millie ! no response . montag back up a step and deliver a brutal kick . the door burst open , lock splintering the jamb . camera follows into the bathroom , jarring and chaotic , millie at the sink , stunne and fearful , book blaze up in she hand . he snatch the flame book from she , slap the flame out . montag 's clench , furious , tightly rein . we have never see he piss before , but it look like he could do some damage . he pull off the char dustjacket , fling it . montag you call this a burn ? it 's a joke . kerosene and a flamethrower . that 's how you burn . ( riffling page ) or rip them out and burn them one by one . that what you want ? be it ? millie yes ! that 's what I want ! camera follows montag from the bathroom , down the hallway ... montag ' kay , fine , but it 's not the only thing we should burn around here . millie ( at he heel ) what be you talk about ? montag if we be gonna burn , let 's do it right ! start with that room , that goddamn talk wall ! ..- and into the tv room , trail by millie . millie listen to you , you be not make sense ! it 's that book that 's do it to you , that book ... it 's not real ! book be not real ! 61 . montag ( indicate room ) and this be ? millie it be ! it 's get light , and sound , and people laugh and talk and say my name ... montag i_say you name , millie . I say it all the time . do you hear it ? or just the goddamn " people " in the wall ? they , you " family . " ( close on she ) do they love you , millie ? do they hold you at night and listen to you sleep ? do they lie awake and worry about how many pill you take , be that why they say you name ? ( shouting ) or be it because you name's programmed into our goddamn tv ? millie ( cry , helpless ) I do not know what you want from I ! I do not know what 's happen to you ! montag pause , calming , get a grip . his own rage have stunne he , leave he shaking . montag you be not there . you do not see ' she . the woman we burn . millie the crazy woman ? montag she do not seem crazy . millie she be ! and she 's make you crazy too , with this , this thing ... she grab the book from he hand . he stare at it , emotion teeter and tear . millie do you read this ? montag last night . the whole thing . ( more ) 62. montag ( cont 'd ) ( off she shock ) I ...did not understand it . I mean , it seem simple enough , but ... 1 I could not figure out the reason for it . millie there be not one ! Captain beatty be right ! there 's nothing in it ! nothing to understand ! camera follows she out the door , up the hallway , montag at she heel ... montag where you go ? millie the kitchen incinerator ! montag millie , no ! - , - and he try to grab she but she fight he off , slapping wildly , hysteria and terror break like a wave ... millie i'm not listening to you ! i'm not ! they 're gonna come and burn US , gonna burn everything , because of you , because you've gone crazy ! --- and she keep go but montag grab she around the waist , grapple as she scream , and they trip , fall to the floor ... tighter angle - , - where the fight go out of she and she go limp under he weight , she rage give way to helpless tear : millie they be gonna come burn we . I live here too . please . montag millie , shhh , it 's okay . his grip go gentle , caress now , stroking she hair . she 's weep , twist away from he touch , not look at he . montag they be not gonna burn we , okay ? I swear . shhh . 63. millie they be . they be . why be you do this ? tight , tight two shot as he whisper in she ear , desperate : montag millie . I sometimes feel like I have forget something important . something I be suppose to hold onto really tight ... but I lose it , without think , like a kid lose something , and I forget I ever even have it to start with ... millie that 's stupid . you be stupid , you be not make sense . montag you remember where we meet , millie ? how long ago ? do you remember what I say ? do you remember what you say ? what you be wear ? or have the pill take all that away ? can you remember ? millie course I remember . stupid jerk . montag tell I . millie no . go away . montag ease off , see the truth . she do not remember . he take the book gently from she hand and sit up , he back against the hallway wall . montag yesterday , I see a woman burn herself , and I think , my God . what 's in this book that could make a person do that ? be it because she 's crazy ? or because she be not ? I deserve to know that . nlook to she ) I love you , millie . and I want you to help I . if the book say nothing , we will burn it together . okay ? millie also sit up , she back against the opposite wall . ( two face profile . ) he open the book , start to read : 64 . montag " chapter one . the sound of the shell. ( beat ) the boy with the fair hair lower himself down the last few foot of rock and begin to pick he way toward the lagoon . though he have take off he school sweater and trail it now from one hand ... " camera close in tighter and tighter on millie in profile as montag 's voice drone on , she head bow , tear slip off she nose . she 's tremble , try to hold very still . montag " , , . when a bird , a vision of red and yellow , flashed upwards with a witch - like cry ; and this cry be echoed by another ... " millie rise abruptly from frame , go down the hallway past montag , vanish into the tv room , slam the door . hold on montag . listen . the tv go on , turn way up loud . montag sag , the breath drain from he body , the life seem to go out of he as : the book ( slo - mo ) slip from he hand , tumble toward the floor ... CUT to : int - firehouse - night -..and the book land before we , normal speed , whack a table top . angle up to : beatty , seat in a poker game , surround by firemen . he look up from the book to : montag I find this in the scooper . CUT to : int - incinerator - night pilot flame bloom with a gentle hiss . the door open , revealing beatty and montag , face awash in the glow . montag lay " Lord of the fly " inside , crank the jet . a eruption of flame leap up , engulf the screen ... dissolve to : 65 . ext - homeless encampment - night ..- and flame engulf the screen , transition from fire to fire on the dissolve , roiling in slo -mo . the fire sweep aside , revealing montag and he flame thrower , finger on the trigger , face cake with soot . angle widen as he move through a surreal , flame landscape , ignite pile of book , laundry on line , makeshift tent . other firemen be reveal as we widen , also burn . jet of fire streak across frame . fireballs billow into the sky . the homeless be leave with what they can carry , line of rag people be walk through checkpoint . some mechanical hound be there , sniff they all to make sure no book get through . montag pause . at he foot be pile of debris -- a child 's armless doll , a dent metal teapot . he kick some crap aside , and : book . Hidden hastily beneath . just part of the garbage . montag glance around . nobody can see he out here in all the confusion and smoke . he grab the book , stuff they inside he coat . go like a magic trick , poof , just like that . he move on , lay down a blast of flame as he go ... CUT to : int - montag' bathroom - night -.- and we find he in the bathroom , read late into the night , a few book at he foot ... CUT to : int - a old mansion - night ... and he come up a corridor , shouting instruction as wall be rip out . and as he turn the corner he perform another magic trick , scoop book from the tear - out wall and make they disappear . he keep move , nerve steady -- as with any life of crime , once begin , it get easier every time ... cur to : int - bathroom - night . +-- and the book grow in number as the hour grow late ... CUT to : 66 . ext - backyard of old mansion - night a search -line of firemen lead by montag cross a weedy yard past crumble stone statue and mute tile fountain , sweeping the ground with imaging detector . the screen begin flashing . montag turn , holler , motion for the scooper ... timecut : .-- which rip up a huge mound of dirt and back away , the fall dirt revealing packet of book wrap in heavy plastic , bury here for countless decade ... montag holler for the pumper and man scurry off . as they go , he come forward , crouch to the dirt ... .- and dig out a single book , ancient and ornate , wrap in heavy plastic sheet ... CUT to : int - montag' bathroom - night ..- which he carefully slice with a razor , peel it away to reveal a beautiful Bible , stunningly old and rare ... int - montag' attic crawlspace - night --.and montag poke up through a small trapdoor , lay down the Bible ... as angle pull back to reveal the crawlspace dot with stack of book , dozen of they ... CUT to : int - building , various - night .-. and blast of flame be unleash and unleash again , sailing up corridor , up staircase , though room ; explode , writhe , funnel , roaring ... CUT to : int - bathroom - night ... and again we find montag read . the bathroom have become he late night refuge . camera close in on he face ... --- and we hear a soft knock . his gaze snap up . montag what ? millie ( 0.s. ) something outside . I be scared . 67 . montag wrap he book in a towel , slip it under the sink . he rise to the door and open it a crack , revealing : millie first I think I be dream . it be outside the window , move around in the flower bed . then I hear it scratch at the door . I think it be some kind of animal . like a dog . montag join she in the hallway and hold still , listen . be that a sound out there ? a trash can lid ? the wind ? he move through the dark house to the live room , millie lag fearfully behind . he go to the window , ease he finger through the blind , open they a crack . there , outside in the moonlight : montag ( whisper ) it 's a hound . millie 's breath catch . millie they be come for we . they be gonna burn we . montag no . it 's move off . ( beat ) we send they out sometimes on slow night . check out the neighborhood . let they sniff around . it 's random . she stare at he , not convinced . she turn without a further word , disappear to the bedroom . montag peer out again , perhaps not so convinced himself ... CUT to : int - bedroom - night montag wake to darkness , millie beside he . he lie for a long moment , stare at nothing , wonder what wake he . he become aware of a rising orange glow in the room . he sit up , the glow intensify on he face . he jump out of bed , rush to the window ... ..- with where leaping flame be reflect in the glass . CUT to : 68 . ext - montag be STREET - night camera follows montag run barefoot in he pajama bottom , come up the sidewalk , elbow through knot of spectator , pass a firetruck ... he stop , and camera come around to reveal : clarisse 's house in flame . fireballs rise . Men on the lawn with flamethrower . he hear a yowl and look down as a orange cat streak by , disappear through the leg of the crowd . pireman # 1 Sir , please move back to the barricade ! montag ( flash he id tag ) montag . District four . I live a few house down . FIRE captain ( look over ) some neighbor you have . just never know , I guess . he 's idly paging a book in he hand . montag glance down and , with a jolt , realize it 's " Charlie the choo choo . " the captain move off , toss it onto a roaring pyre of other book . montag be they in custody ? fireman # 2 drive off five minute before we get here . probably see the hound sniff the neighborhood . do not worry , cop will get them . he move off . montag be leave stare at the flame . CUT to : int - montag' kitchen - day montag watch as millie lay breakfast on the table . the tension between they be thick . finally : millie get rid of the book . I mean it . CUT to : 69 . ext - STREET - day montag stand stare at clarisse 's house , collar turn up against the chill . it 's quiet now , not a soul in sight . Little of the house remain . charre timber and ash . CuT to : int - firehouse - day arrive for work , montag get wave into beatty 's office : captain beatty I be skim the city report from last night . ( nod to he computer ) have some excitement out you way ? just a few door down , be it ? ( montag nod ) rang up jeffer at third district . he say you show up barefoot in pajamas . ready to pitch in and lend a hand , be you ? montag always , Captain . you know that . beatty , affable , turn he screen so montag can see it . the plasma image show the face of clarisse 's family . father. mother. cousin . beatty tap down , idly scan ... captain beatty this file go back generation . a long line of misfit and oddball . they be even homeschool the daughter , you imagine ? stun , the crap they get away with , wear the mask of normal people . ( beat ) ever meet they ? a load question , pose casually . montag know it , too . he keep he tone conversational : montag wave to the man over the fence once . and the little girl ... clarisse 's face appear on screen . montag --- that 's the one . Said hello to I one night . she be odd . ( off beatty 's look ) Said there be a man in the moon . 70 . beatty blink and laugh , nonpluss . montag exit ... CUT to : int - firehouse - night -.+.and we find he later at a desk amid the quiet activity of the firehouse , study the same report that beatty have pull up earlier . check out clarisse 's family . he pause as : a new face come up . the name : " David faber . " uncle . the photo 's a mugshot . the man 's get quite a rapsheet . montag ' scan down the list of arrest , word flash onscreen : antisocial . unpatriotic . agitator . anarchist . political undesirable . worst of all : " convict of harbor book . " montag current whereabouts ? the computer respond instantly with a address . CUT to : ext - tenement - day david faber venture out into a dismal , overcast day . he turn up he overcoat collar and cross the street . angle shift to montag . he step off the curb to follow . cur to : ext - CITY park - day faber 's alone at a chess table , the top fade and old , play solo . every so often he toss some crumb to the bird . he become aware of montag some distance away . faber give he a glance or two , try to ignore he . montag come this way . faber toss the last of the crumb , sweep he chess piece into a bag , get up to leave . montag Mr. faber ? wait . faber ( quicken he pace ) I have not do anything . I be try to live my life . please leave I alone . montag I want to talk to you ! 721 . faber talk to my probation officer , I a report to he every other day . montag please -- slow down ! faber ( stop , turn ) look , Mr. fireman , sir -- I do my time , okay ? ( show he barcode number _ tattoo ) five year in the re-education camp . I have pay my debt to society . so ... he keep go , montag dogging he : montag you be clarisse 's uncle . faber I be she father 's uncle . what 's it to you ? what do you know about clarisse ? montag we be friend . she talk about ~ you . faber oh , please ... montag she tell I you get arrest once for be a pedestrian . faber prove nothing . say so in my file . montag and you tell she that firemen use to put out fire a long time ago . faber they do . still prove nothing . montag look , Mr. faber , I -- faber whirl on he , shouting : faber it 's not enough you people burn they out and set they on the run ? ( more ) 72 . faber ( cont 'd ) they be go and I have no idea where ! same as I tell that other man last night , the one with the warrant ! and now you know ! so , please , just let I go my way ! faber hurry off , leave montag stand there ... CUT to : int - faber' tenement - late day ..- but montag 's not give up . he enter the building . it 's overcrowded and squalid . kide be yell in the hallway , laundry be strung from the landing . he pass loud music , loud tvs , loud argument spilling from various apartment . some people notice he , a few door slam . he go past a young , tired - look whore in she doorway , she robe hang open , smoking and check he out . whore hey , baby , look for company ? ( call after he ) I love firemen ! do you right ! montag come to the stair and find a man sit in a chair with a shotgun across he knee -- the building 's day guard . montag show he he Fire Department i.d . montag faber ? int - faber' apartment - night faber 's in he strappy t-shirt , riding a stationary bicycle . it 's not a workout -- the bike 's connect by electrical lead to a series of old car battery that faber be charge . a knock at the door . faber get off the bike , breathe hard , toweling sweat from he face . faber who be it ? montag ( 0.s. ) we meet in the park . faber vey mir . look , I tell you , unless you have a warrant -- montag I do . faber sigh , open the door , peer out . faber show I . montag raise he gym bag into view . faber look heavy . for a warrant . montag dust give I a few minute , okay ? please . this visit 's unofficial . faber do I have a choice , I ask ? I be guess not , I answer . okay , Mr. pest . you intrigue I . ( swing the door open ) enter freely and of you own will . montag enter . faber cross to the sink : faber pardon my sweat . Close to dinner time . I be charge the battery for the stove . ( grab a glass ) ww I offer you something ? a aperitif ? a glass of slime from the tap ? montag no thanks . faber pour himself some water . faber well then . formality be do . who be you , what do you want ? montag I be montag . you nephew 's family live on my street . faber oh , you be that fireman , the one down the street . ah . you turn in the alarm , of course . montag no . I tell you , clarisse be my friend . faber go to the table , sit . 73. montag move 74 . faber and so you would like to know where they be , check up on she , see she 's safe . and I be suppose to fall for that . I have to say , you guy use to be more clever than this . montag I do not want to know where they be . I just ... if you ever get the chance , please let she know how sorry I be and that it be not I . faber that 's all ? ( montag nod ) I will not get the chance . but you sentiment be duly note . we do ? to the table , lay he gym bag before faber . faber a loaf of bread ? a jug of wine ? dirty gym clothes ? I give up . montag unzip the bag , pull out something thick and heavy . paber 's eye widen as he realize what it be -- the ancient , ornate Bible montag dig out of the ground . for a long moment the man forget to breathe , deeply stunne . faber and this be ? montag for you . faber for I . I see . ( clear he throat ) the revise Testament , government approve version , be one of the few book not on the burn list . this , however , appear to be New Testament , do by hand prior to the invention of the printing press . it 's very old and beyond rare , which mean the Pope himself would gladly light the match . I be sorry , but I can not accept you gift , see as how very illegal it be . montag start pull more book from he bag , stack they on the table . faber 's eye start to glaze . faber what the hell be this ? 75 . montag I can not keep any of it . I be hope you could find a home for they . faber too bad one of they be not a dictionary , we could look up the word " entrapment . " along with the word " sucker . " {off montag 's look ) how stupid do I look ? you be try to get I burn out ! not to mention send back for re-education , only this time for life ! have be there , I be compel to say no . but do not think I do not appreciate the attempt . it be very amusing . ( rise , shooing he ) Gather you thing and go . out , out , out . thanks for the laugh . montag stand up , think a moment . he then stun faber by open the Bible and rip out the first page . faber what be you do ? montag pull a lighter from he pocket , click it . a tiny jet of blue flame leap up . he hold up the page and ignites it . the page curl and burn before faber 's eye . he watch the ash swirl toward the ceiling as : montag rip the second page out , hold it up . faber 's aghast : faber what -- be -- you --do ? be you crazy ? montag ( mutter ) you and my wife . montag apply the flame . the second page burn . more ash swirl . he reach for the third page ... faber no , no , wait -- montag I tell you I can not keep it . that leave we two choice -- faber -- we , we ? how would this turn into we -- 76 . . montag -- you take the book , or I do my job . this be what I do . watch . and he rip the third page out , raise it , bring the lighter close . the page start to blacken and burn . montag up it go . faber stifles a scream . he lunge and grab the page , slapping it to the table , smother it . faber goddamn it , stop ! just stop it ! he snatch up the Bible and back away , clutching it to he chest . pause . faber faber idiot ! sadist ! this could be the last Christian Bible in this hemisphere ! montag be you Christian ? faber I 'ma Jew ! montag then what do you care ? faber I care , I care ! it 's we , it 's who we be , it 's who we be ! ( off montag 's look ) that 's why this world suck , kiddo ! we do not know who to be . anymore , because we do not know where we come from or how we get here , or the mistake we make along the way ! it 's all be erase and we have forget how to even ask the damn question ! all we know be what they tell we , that parade of shitwit on tv , that 's become we excuse for truth ! look down at the Bible in he hand . softly : faber look at this page . how many believer spend they life go blind in some dark abbey copying they by hand ... so you can burn they in second ? 77 . he can not resist -- he raise it to he nose , inhale . faber God . I can smell the century . ( beat ) go ahead . call in you alarm . I be not give this back . montag meet faber 's defiant gaze . he 's see that look once before , in the eye of a old woman hold a kitchen match . montag I have more book at home . a few dozen in my attic . I will bring they to you the next few day . unless you decide to turn I in , of course . guess I will just have to trust you . faber stare at he , stunne , as we ext - tenement roof - dusk the roof be a jumble of electricity - generate windmills spin on the breeze , plus a maze of chicken and rabbit coops . the view be spectacular in the gather twilight , air traffic whizzing , the last trace of sunset filter amazing color through the poison air . faber ( 0.s. ) what 's a book ? just a person who live , that 's all . somebody who want to tell you something and care enough to write it down . booming down , we find faber and montag seat on a low stone wall separate one level of the roof from another . faber 's get one of montag 's book in he hand , turn the page : faber good book , bad book ... they be just voice ask to be hear . they be we . montag my wife say book be not real . faber she 's right , thank God ! you can shut them up , you can close them , you can say " hold on a moment ! " they piss you off , you can even throw ‘em across the room . but in all my year I have never be able to ( more ) 78. faber ( cont 'd ) reason with a tv set . ever try to argue with a four- wall plasma screen room with a zillion channel and surround sound ? can not be do ! all you can do be submit ! {to the sky ) I surrender ! tell I what kind of toilet paper to use , I will do it ! montag iaugh . faber rise , agitate : faber . you can laugh , kiddo , but there 's you truth . from the Jesuit priest who burn the great mayan library so the native would only have Jesus to think about , to the invade army who burn the Library at Alexandria three time -- three time -- there 's always some schmuck who want to take away you right to think for yourself . montag History begin with I ? faber my God , a quote yet . yes , o learned Sage , history begin with I . ( heft the book ) and do not bother show up with you own idea , just take the one we give you . or we will accuse you of treason . heresy . burn you . bury you in mass grave . kick you ass . faber draw closer , hand the book to montag . faber it 's not even about book . it 's about control . the people who run thing keep themselves in power by make sure nobody know enough to ask uncomfortable question . keep the tvs go and the trivia flow ! who 's dating who , who 's wear what , will the pop star get marry , will she get divorced , what 's happen on " the family " this week ? a river of meaningless shit flooding we brain twenty four hour a day until we have get no brain leave ! that 's power , kiddo . on a mass scale . intractable , entrench , unassailable . and , I be sorry to say , it sum up the lie you life have be . 79 . faber 's suddenly feel shaky . he turn , gaze out over the city , try to steady himself . montag you all right ? faber you kid I ? I be terrify . lighthead . I can not believe I be even talk to you . ( feel he own forehead ) I do not have enough trouble . Mr. lunatic show up . idiot I , I open the door and say come in . what do you want , Mr. lunatic ? speak ! montag ( rise ) I think we could help each other . faber ( laugh ) do not bullshit yourself , kiddo . it 's unseemly . you be a book -burner who wake up one day and realize you be not quite the mindless robot they tell you to be . you have fall from grace , you poor sap , and now you ~ want absolution . all that heretics you have burn at the stake . Whitman . thoreau . dicken . well , I do not do absolution . try the Catholic . ( head for the coops ) anyway , you be a little late . where be you twenty , thirty year ago ? back when I have piss and vinegar to spare ? montag maybe you still do . faber that be then . I have since have my ass hand to I once or twice . all I wanna do now be sleep through the night . inside the coop maze faber come down the tunnel of cage , unlock one . three chicken squawk as he gather egg into a kitchen towel . faber Charlotte . Emily . Anne . thank you , my darling . another night I do not starve because of you . 80 . montag appear on the other side , peer through the mesh as faber move down the row to another cage . montag everybody know there 's a resistance Movement . you be a part of it . I be not say you still be . I be just say maybe you know . somebody who know somebody . faber why ? what do you think the resistance be , some well - oile army ready to rise up and smite the wick ? it 's little old lady and people like I , hide book in the shadow and shitting a brick every time the doorbell ring . faber emerge from the tunnel of cage , rejoin montag . faber that 's all it 's ever be . we be like that monk in the Dark Ages , hide book so the king and pope can not burn them . hope someday knowledge might be welcome again . montag I can get you that book . faber be that what this be about ? a formation of high - level bomber go streaking across the sky , tear the stratosphere with sound . faber look up . faber see the news this morning ? we start use nuke . Pakistan 's glow . genie 's out of the bottle again , kiddo . think we will survive the summer ? I , I would not bet on get through the week . and you be worried about book . a look pass between they . montag you have be piss off all you life , old man . you gonna quit now ? paber weigh this madness , sigh . CUT to : 81 . int - basement of tenement - night dank and musty , light by a single bare bulb . faber 's putter in semi-darkness , go through various drawer and toolbox , finger root pile of screw , nail , part . he find what he 's look for , hold it to the light , blow dust off -- it 's a " seashell , " a tiny earplug / transmitter . faber you think I be old . hope this thing still work . ( hand it to montag ) stick it in you ear . montag slip it into he leave ear , find a comfortable fit . faber pull out a transmitter the size of a pack of cigarettes and a corresponding headset . he clip the transmitter to he belt , plug in the headset , put it on . softly : faber hear I ? montag ( startle ) yeah . in my head . faber and I can hear you . they build them good back then . now listen , no more show up at my door . from now on we be never see together and we never talk on the phone . we stay in touch only with this ... ( tap he headset ) .-. like two tin can and a string . montag understood . faber ( beat ) good luck , Mr. fireman . try not to get I burn . cut to : int - firehouse - night steadicam bring montag into the firehouse , past man polish the truck , past other perform maintenance duty , past the brass pole , past the hound . it all look surreal to he . he 's see it with different eye now . he step to the timeclock , hand on the scanner 82. montag montag . clock in . ... and as he turn , angle shift to reveal : beatty stand there . block he way . smiling . captain beatty you be late . before montag can utter a word : whonk ! whonk !whonk ! the fire alarm . deafen . captain beatty well , nevermind , just in time ! thank goodness , it 's just not a fire without you ! ( turn , yell ) go , go , go ! various angle firemen run , boot all a-scuffle , grab helmet off peg , yanking equipment from storage locker , cascade down brass pole , swarm the salamander , strapping in ... ext - firehouse - night ... and emerge into the night , firetruck and control van , horn blaring and light flashing . on the moving salamander a dizzy blur of motion and light . beatty look back , check the face of he man . captain beatty montag , where 's that grin ? montag Sir ? captain beatty the fierce grin of all man singe and drive back by flame ! be not this what we love ? be not this what we do best ? ext - suburban STREET - night a hovercopter be circle as the salamander come rumbling up the street . the firetruck stop . camera close in as the firemen unbuckle , some of they jump down , other pause uncertainly ... 83. carillo Sir ? be this we jurisdiction ? captain beatty no worry . I have clear it through channel . ... and beatty glance back as camera continue past he , close on montag . he 's at a loss , try to comprehend : montag we ... we have stop in front of my house . reverse angle montag 's house sit on its quiet street . the firemen start to assemble a bit awkwardly , not sure what 's go on , but : captain beatty at ease . we be dispense with protocol . tonight be a special occasion . tonight we do thing just a little differently . ( glance up to montag ) be not that right ? feeling like a man in a dream , montag step down and walk forward to face beatty . captain beatty ( announce to all ) no pumper ! no kerosene ! no pretty beacon on the lawn ! tonight we get a special treat ! a display of dedication and skill nonpareil ! one man ! one flamethrower ! ( lock eye with montag ) Mr. ormsby ! Mr. lander ! bring one down , if you please ! ormsby and lander heft a flamethrower off its mount and bring it down from the truck , hustling it over as : the front door of the house burst open and millie hurry down the walk , dress for travel and drag a suitcase . montag she turn in the alarm ? captain beatty do not blame she , montag , not for you stupidity . montag , stunne , meet she as she reach the curb . she 's all exried out , look back at the house : 84 . millie everything go now , everything . poor house . poor family . all go . montag step close , desperate , hope for some glimmer of tenderness or redemption . montag millie . I love you . she look he in the eye and : millie ( softly ) I hope you die . she brushes past he as beatty remand she to the two cop on the scene : captain beatty officer . a domestic dispute . would you please see after Mrs. montag ? take she where she want to go ? as millie be help away , beatty snap he finger at ormsby and lander . they sling the flamethrower onto montag 's back , tightening strap and snap buckle as : captain beatty do not look so shocked . you do not leave she much choice , do you ? poor thing be terrify . it be the third alarm she call in . I ignore the first two , tell she to be patient . Said you would come around . what a sad disappointment you be . how be that strap , secure ? let 's get that pilot light . montag activate the gas feed . beatty himself apply the igniter . a gentle flame bloom . captain beatty now . let 's finish what you start . they march toward the house , beatty and montag , as the other watch . beatty turn back , call to they ... . captain beatty break out some window ! let 's get some cross ventilation ! -- and in that moment , montag sneak the " seashell " from he pocket and slip it in he ear . 85 . int - faber' apartment - night faber react as he transmitter activate with a small red light and a brief tone . he grab the unit , slip on the headset with a smile . faber what 's on you mind , kiddo ? int - montag be house - night montag , of course , can not reply . he enter the house with beatty , gaze around to find that millie 's take the book from the attic and strewn they all over the floor . faber' voice ( 0.s. ) ( filter ) hello ? hello ? montag I can not believe this be happen to I . captain beatty funny how that work . everybody think , everybody be absolutely certain , that nothing will ever happen to they . other die , I go on . other get catch , not I . consequence ? never . except sometimes there be . and by the time they catch up , it 's too late . int - faber' apartment - night tight on faber , heart sink as he listen . faber montag . I be listen . I do not know what 's happen , but I be here . int - montag be house - night window start breaking from outside , glass explode across floor . camera close in tighter and tighter on montag as : . captain beatty you be a well read man , how about a few well - choose quote ? no ? allow I . " Day of wrath , o day of mourn ! see fulfil the prophet 's warning ! Heaven and earth in ash burn ! " ( bellow ) do it ! 86 . montag hit the trigger and fire a blast of flame into the live room , ignite the furniture . whoooooosh ! captain beatty again ! whoooooosh ! the live room wall now catch , send up sheet of fire . book on the floor ignite . captain beatty that 's the ticket , well do ! you can not tell I that do not feel good ! all you sin wash away with good cleanse fire ! onward , montag ! lead the way ! montag lead beatty down the hallway into : the tv room it 's on , of course . " the family " be play . captain beatty something here you would like to burn ? the sorrow of past regret ? the stench of failure ? that blow -dry imbecile and he chatter hag ? montag pull the trigger . the FIRE burst forth , hit the screen and implode they . the vacuum suck fire in and belch it out again , plastic ignite as the babble of the family give way to the hideous shriek of melting speaker . the bedroom : montag stare at the bed he share for year with he wife . whoooqoosh ! up it go , a funeral pyre ... the kitchen : whooooosh ! table , countertop , appliance -- go ... the hallway : a flame corridor . beatty and montag retreat to the front door , montag lay down blast of flame ... ext - house - night -..and they emerge cough , dark with soot , as the house behind they burn . they turn to watch . captain beatty ( gentle ) bad dream 's over . Fire and smoke . int - faber' apartment - night faber montag ? can you run ? can you try to get away ? 87 . ext - montag be house - night montag there 's no run away from this . captain beatty no . in the control van the controller be watch they monitor . suddenly , flashing line appear on screen , beeping , search ... controller # 1 I have get a signal . some kind of bandwidth . controller # 2 source ? -+- and the crosshair converge on montag . controller # 1 Son of a bitch be transmit . montag and beatty montag how long have you know ? captain beatty from the start . montag , you idiot . we hound smell the book on you . he raise he plasma screen clipboard , punch in a playback command , turn it so montag can see . on it , a recording : the hound be Pov : we have see this moment before -- montag come around the firetruck the night he take the first two book , freezing in he track as he encounter the beast . captain beatty nenter new command ) so I check the surveillance cam . lo and behold . a new image pop up . from a hide ceiling cam , we see montag pull the first book out of the scooper blade . beatty freeze the image , tracking it in for a tight closeup . captain beatty " Charlie the choo choo ? " you throw it all away -- you career , you marriage , you life -- for goddamn " Charlie the choo choo ? " 88. Controller # 2 hurry up from the control van , pull beatty aside , whisper in he ear . beatty give he a look . captain beatty really ? the man nod . beatty send he off , turn back to montag . there 's a new look in beatty 's eye -- hungry , vengeful . captain beatty I give you every chance . try to woo you , reason with you . I even send the hound to sniff around you house at night and throw a scare into you . even that do not work ... ( cock he head ) -.- though it do get you neighbor burn out and on the run . yes , you fault . all you fault . ( close on he ) you dense...arrogant...traitorous ... ungrateful little bastard . beatty stun montag by haul off and slapping he hard across the ear ( the one with the seashell in it ) . whap ! int - faber' apartment - night -- and the sound make faber jump , wrenching off he headset as if he would be slap himself -- ext - montag be house - night captain beatty after all I do for you . after the kindness I show . whap ! another slap across the same ear . montag clutches the side of he head in agony -- captain beatty I vouch for you . put my professional stand on the line for you . this be how you repay I ? and betray I ? whap ! beatty slap he a third time -- only this time use he other hand . the blow rock montag 's head , and : the seashell fly from he ear , skitter onto the pavement . in the control van Controller # 1 enter a command : controller # 1 jam transmission now . 89 . beatty stroll to the seashell , scoops it off the pavement . captain beatty you pal faber ? ( off montag 's shock ) of course I know ! I have be tracking you every step ! there be camera on every street corner of this city , you moron ! and faber 's be under surveillance from the moment he nephew go on the run ! ( raise he clipboard ) we have you talk to he in the park ! enter he building ! chatt on the roof ! want to see ? or be you willing to take my word for it ? montag faber ! run! captain beatty go ahead , yell . he can not hear you . we have jamme the transmission . ( close in ) the next thing Mr. faber know , the police will be kick he door in . ws want to go over there , just to see the look on he face ? oh , dear , I almost forget . you will be in custody yourself . for treason and sedition . ( stop before he ) if you be through make a fool of yourself , you be under arrest . beat . montag stand pin in beatty 's gaze . and then : click . he work the safety catch on the flamethrower . the flame billow up with a gentle hiss . beatty go stiff , eye widen slightly . and he smile . captain beatty well , that 's one way to get a audience . hold a gun on a man and make he listen to you speech . well , speech away . what will it be this time ? why do not you belch Shakespeare at I ? " there be no terror , cassius , in you threat , for I be armed so strong in honesty that they pass I as a idle wind , which I respect not ! " how 's that ? go ahead , you tremble little prick . pull the trigger . 90 . montag be tremble . softly : montag we never burn right . captain beatty Hand it over , montag . you be do . beat . whoooooooosh ! a eruption of FIRE leap out and hit beatty square in the chest , a searing fist of flame that grip he , envelop he , drive he back , blow he off he foot . beatty sail through the air on a booster of fire , a blaze , shriek scarecrow . he land on he back in a flame heap , arm flail and leg drum ... and then go still . a hush fall . for a extend moment the scene be a tableau , everybody freeze , face slack with unspeakable shock . in the control van _ to , they can not believe what they just see on they screen . aerial view from hovercopter circle the scene below , monitor recording everything . montag stand with the murder weapon in he hand , just as stunne as everybody else . he 's look at he hand as if they would act on they own volition , as if they be not even he . he look up . firemen be back away , a few turn and run . montag know there 's no go back . ever . he embrace he moment of insanity , set he foot -- montag ruuuuun ! -- and begin to burn . whooooosh ! firemen scatter , run clear as a arc of flame sweep up and down the salamander , engulf the firetruck , turn it into a blaze pyre . montag turn , swiveling the nozzle toward the control van ... ++- and whoooooosh ! flame envelop the forward half of the van . the controller scatter from they post and evacuate out the back door , run into the night as : montag circle around , blasting FIRE into the now empty van . monitor screen explode , spew glass . 91 . he turn again , scream now , primal , stripped bare , hose the firetruck again , burn everything , burn all . the flamethrower lining the truck start exploding on they mount , one after another , send fireballs into the sky . the hovercopter veer off , flee the explosion . boooom ! the fuel tank blow , lift the salamander into the air and slamm it awesomely back down again , now a tangle of shattered , flame wreckage . and then all be still . montag stand , alone now , the street around he in flame . in a daze , he walk over to he murder captain . the body 's still burn . montag scan the pavement , find : the seashell . it 's a bit scorched , but seem intact . he pick it up , hold it to he ear with a shaky hand . he hear static , intermittent sound -- a voice ? montag faber ? faber ? can you hear I ? the mechanical hound lunge from the flame wreckage of the firetruck , trail fire as it streak across the pavement . wham ! the beast hit montag like a train , take he off he foot . he hit the pavement hard , the seashell go fly . the hound start savaging he , montag bashing it with the flamethrower nozzle , try to drive it off . the beast clamp down on he thigh and the hypo tongue shoot out , jabbing hard into montag 's flesh . montag scream as the plunger depress and the amber fluid start to flow . but only half the dose be emptied , because montag ram the flamethrower nozzle into the hound 's mouth and : whoooom ! a blast of flame erupt , drive the beast back , blow it off its foot . flaming fluid spatter everywhere . montag 's on fire , roll across the pavement , try to smother the flame . he yank the small extinguisher off he arm and hose himself with retardant , put himself out . he sit up , see the flame hound come for he again . he let the thing have it in the face with another blast of FIRE , drive it back -- hound' Pov -- and the flame damage the hound 's optic , its image of the world jittering to snow as flashing word appear : " warning . optic damage . warning . optic damage . " 92 . montag watch the hound spin in circle , burn and blind , enraged , lash out in all direction . montag roll over , try to get to he foot . he collapse , scream , he leg useless from the dose of procaine . he throw the quick - release buckle and shrug the flamethrower off . try again , he manage to get halfway to he foot , hobbling across the pavement to the seashell . he scoops it up , jam it in he ear , flee the scene . montag faber ! run ! get out ! they will be there any minute ! int - faber' apartment - night faber 's frantic , tweak the signal , try to hear . faber you there ? you hear I ? montag ? montag' voice ( kilter ) -- et out --r-partment - - ow about -- you -- ere -- ny minu - - et ou -- now -- ext - alley - night on the run , hobbling : montag it all go wrong ! you have to get out , understand ? they be come for you ! you have to run ! faber' voice ( filter ) --nderstand--ndersta--t--hear you -- be you --abou--you--pla--at -- static . montag crash through a backyard , through the laundry line , over a low fence . dog start barking . light come on . camera follows as he keep go , get dopey , the procaine hit he brain . he 's crossing a open field , some bush and tree . he shake he head , try to clear it ... ... and stop , the world swim before he eye . he 's see double , triple . he crawl into some bush and collapse there , roll onto he back , stare at the sky . siren be wail somewhere . hovercopter searchlight probe in the distance . suddenly , the signal clear : 93. faber' voice ( filter ) -- ntag ? montag ? montag yes ? yes ? I hear you . intercut between montag' and faber' location : faber 's in he overcoat , racing down the back stair of he building , careen from landing to landing : faber I be leave . I be get out . montag fprocess that ) good . that 's good . faber be you okay ? can you tell I where you be ? montag um ... not so good . not so good right now . where ? um. no. not really . faber you do not know where you be ? be you hurt ? can you walk ? faber dash out the back door and into the street , get lose among the pedestrian . he glance back . police car be pull up at he building b.g . he miss they by moment . faber montag ? montag ? montag 's lie there , stare at the sky . he start to laugh . montag it 's there . I see it . faber what ? montag clarisse say so . it 's there . there be a man in the moon ... ( laugh ) +-.or . could be drug . faber montag ! you have to think clearly ! focus ! 94 . montag um , okay . focus . right . faber there 's a abandon district east of downtown . across the river from the power plant . you know it ? montag power plant ? yeah ... faber across the river from the plant ! Old round building , 10th and savoy ! if I can not come to you , kiddo , you gotta come to I ! c'mon , you can do this ! 10th and savoy ! montag sit up painfully , try to clear he head . montag yeah , yeah , 10th and savoy . shut up already . montag take a final , long look at the moon ... and with every ounce of willpower he 's get , push to he foot ... ext - CITY STREET - night ..- while faber click off he transmitter , come around the corner -- and stop , gaze up in shock . reverse angle reveal a giant STREET monitor on a building . on it , five storey high , be the footage of montag kill beatty take from the hovercopter . crowd be gather to watch as they show the event again and again , along with all the lurid , late - break detail . faber look around . every monitor in the city 's show it . CUT to : ext - trash field - night rubble everywhere , like the surface of the moon . the city loom before we . montag enter frame , limping toward it ... CUT to : ext - field - night ..- while far behind he , twig be snap . something come through the bush , emerge into the moonlight : 95 . the hound . scorch and semi-blind , eye stutter . it 's limping , gear and servos grind with every step . but the damn thing still work -- especially its nose . it sniff the spot where montag be sprawle , press on ... CUT to : ext - CITY - abandoned district - night desert street . montag limp along a brick wall upon which a long scrawl of graffiti be spray-paint . he come around a corner , gaze up . there , loom above we , be the round build at 10th and savoy -- a ten-story cylinder of brick , grimy as hell , ringed with window and fire escape , hemmed in by other building just as ancient and decrepit . int - build - night montag enter through a break doorway . the place be trash . rat squeak and scurry . he work he way through darkness ... montag ( softly ) faber ? ..- and_a dark shape lunge from the shadow . it 's a homeless man -- huge , bearded , malevolent . he 's get a iron pipe in hand , poise to attack . huge homeless man you the fireman ? montag nod cautiously ... int - MAIN rotunda - night ..-. and be lead into the rotunda . group of homeless be huddle in the shadow around small cookfire , glaring suspiciously . the huge homeless man tap he , direct he attention up . camera angle up to reveal that the interior of the building be open all the way to the ceiling ten floor above -- each floor be a round landing encircle the open shaft up the middle . a face appear high above , peer down -- faber . faber thank God . 96 . ext - CITY STREET - night the hound sniff along the same graffity wall . it pause at the corner , look up ... hound' Pov . ;: and the image of the round building flash and stutter , flash and stutter ... CUT to : int - police command CENTER - night ..- while a beeping signal flash on a screen over a satellite view of the city . a police dispatcher be intently monitoring the signal as he captain lean into frame . dispatcher be tracking this for a few minute now .. signal 's faint . in and out . it 's beatty 's hound . police captain pinpoint it before you lose it . and I mean to the square yard . the dispatcher click the image down closer and closer ... until the round building be prominent in frame . CUT to : int - round build - seventh floor landing - night faber help montag along the curve landing past long row of tall sheet - cover shelf , the smoke from the cookfire drift up from below . montag 's lean on faber , limping . faber pull he into a dark cubby hole between shelf . the area contain a cot , a few chair , a sleep bag , some tin pot and pan be on a crate . montag sit heavily on the floor . faber you gonna make it ? montag my head feel clearer . leg hurt like hell . faber but can you travel ? ( off montag 's look ) I catch you act on the news . I and a few billion other people . you be more want than dillinger . 97 . faber start pull clothes from a old foot locker , root through they , toss some to montag . faber lose the uniform . this be old and disgusting , but you will be less conspicuous . montag ( sniff the clothes ) where we go ? faber Far away as possible . ( off montag 's look ) there be some people , south of the city , up in the mountain ... montag painfully start peel he uniform off . montag what kind of people ? faber people . the kind that run out of luck . like we . montag they live in the mountain ? faber better than prison or re-education camp . you will like this folk , they have get book . lot of book . ( toss more clothes ) in case we get separate , follow the river out of the city . always stick to the river . get that ? c'mon , get that clothes on ... ext - round build - night aerial view of the building , a beautiful establish shot . as our angle slowly descend ... ---a plitter enter frame , drop almost quietly from the sky . follow by another . and another . a string of flitter descend toward the roof like drift seed pod . a flitter be a one - man fly exoskeleton with four ducted turbofan , two above and two below -- picture a fly suit open at the front that you step into . each one be pilote by a_ swat trooper , armored and helmete , face invisible behind a gleam black visor . ( each flitter also have a pair of automated gatling gun mount on the side . ) 98. the flitter touch down one after another , gentle as kiss , instantly take off again as each trooper jump clear . the flitter now become pilotless drone that begin circle the building , onboard system go fully automatic , computer and gyros hum . imaging scanner activate , methodically sweeping the building ... on the roof +.. as the trooper scurry across the roof , weapon at the ready , move with scary precision and hand signal . they assemble , crouching in a circle formation , wait ... on the ground -.-as8 swat apc vehicle encircle the building on the ground , also sweeping with imaging scanner . troops come pour out of the vehicle , down alley , take up position ... int - police command CENTER - night ..as the scanner image come through on the monitor : dispatcher ( on headset ) we have movement throughout the building , mostly first floor , but scattered throughout all level . at least four dozen unfriendly by my count . check you handhelds ... ext - build rooftop - night the trooper on the roof check they plasma palm - screen as a schematic of the building appear . tiny glowing dot indicate the people inside . ext - build - high above a alley - night a flitter be drift sideways , tracking movement inside . as it come near , its onboard plasma screen show two human figure in heat register shape move along together ... int - seventh floor landing - night ..- which be montag and faber hurry down the long row of sheet - cover shelf . montag 's new clothes be pretty shabby , but at least the coat be warm . montag what be this place ? . faber believe it or not , it be a book depository once . in fact ... 99 . he indicate the cover shelf . with a look of disbelief , montag reach up grab a sheet , pull it off . a whole row of eight - foot high shelf be reveal , line with book . montag you be kid . paber be trickle in here for decade . probably the biggest stash in North America . montag continue down the line , stunne , pull off more sheet , revealing more book . he look around , see the various level line with cover shelf . book beyond count . faber some people and I be try to work out a plan once to get them out of the city . never could figure out how to move so many book , though , not with all the surveillance . then I get arrest , and nothing ever come of it . that be year ago . and here they sit . faber glance over , see a book , pull it off the shelf -- a paperback of " David copperfield . " faber oh , nice . take this one . for the trip . one of my favorite . montag slip the book into he pocket with a smile , pull down the next sheet , revealing : the flitter be outside one of the huge window just on the other side of the shelf , hover there , peer in . montag 's stunne , freeze . faber can not see from he angle : faber what ? the gatling gun abruptly swivel up and lock into place . montag lunge , slamm into faber as : brrraaaaaaaappp ! the window and the surround wall explode inward in a hurricane of masonry and glass . montag and faber hit the floor , the bookshelve above they head vaporize in a cloud of paper and wood ... on the roof --- while the trooper , still in they circle formation , FIRE bolt straight down into the tarpaper at they foot . 100 . they turn , run out to form a wider circle where they FIRE different bolt into the roof -- unlike the first , this be rappelling bolt . they quick - snap steel cable lead from they chest harness , get ready ... in the build ... as silence fall . montag and faber look up from the floor , ear ringing , stunne . montag crawl a few foot , peer around what 's leave of the book shelf . a huge section of exterior wall be go . the flitter 's out there , scan and hover . lock in . montag grab faber , pull he to he foot , run . brrrraaaaaaaaaappp ! brrrraaaaaaaappp ! the flitter track they sideways , the wall disintegrate to dust in the onslaught . montag and faber run along the landing , book and shelving explode and vaporize down the line behind they , churn into cloud of confetti , erupting out over the railing , snow down to the floor below -- ground floor ~- where door explode off they hinge , people scream and scatter as trooper swarm in , laser - sighted assault rifle sweeping to and for in the darkness . burst of gunfire erupt -- seventh floor -- as montag and faber dive to the floor . the flitter 's gatling gun sweep over they head and past they , rip on down the row of bookshelve ... outside ... and the flitter pause , cease fire , come back again to scan for its target ... inside ... as montag and faber hug the floor , think the flitter 's go , deafen by the gunfire echoing through the building from below . a freeze moment as they eye meet : montag I be sorry . faber do not . I have not feel this good in year . ( a harsh laugh ) I be scared shitless . 101 . montag come on ! let 's find a way out ! they lunge to they foot , start to run , but : slow motion brrrraaaaaaaaaappppppp ! the flitter 's gunfire chew through the bookshelve again , churn up a tornado of debris ... ..- as montag spin , grab faber 's hand ... ..- and the gunfire hit faber , blow he off he foot , knock he sideways in a hazy red mist , rip he out of montag 's grasp , propelling he through the railing ... ... as montag spin , jerk off balance , also crash through the railing ... ... and faber sail out over the seven story drop inside the building , float now in a halo of debris ... ..-. and montag plummet , grab the collapse railing as he vault out over the drop ... ... and faber fall away from we , drift away like a dream , down and down through the concentric circle of the landing toward the ground floor far below ... resume speed as montag jerk to a stop , hold on to the shattered railing above he head for dear life , leg kick wildly above the same sicken drop that faber just take . the railing be disintegrate in he grasp , lurching , tear loose . he look down , see the sixth floor landing below he foot . he try to swing himself in , kick as he toe barely scrape the edge of the railing below ... ..- and the railing he 's hold rip loose . montag plummet -- but hook the sixth floor railing with he arm as he fall , slamm to a hard stop , scream as a few rib break . he hold on , daze with shock and pain , try to find the strength to pull himself up and over , while : on the roof the trooper tuck they head and detonate the inner circle of bolt -- a ring of SMALL explosion kick up ... in the build .-- tear loose a 20 - foot diameter circle of the roof which drop awesomely into the building , plummete past montag ... 102 . on the roof ... and the trooper rush from they position , jump through " the smoking hole ... in the build + , - , and drop down in a control freefall on they harness rig , laser sight sweeping the air . homeless people break cover on various landing , run for they life . the trooper OPEN FIRE as they plummet on they cable , nail evacuee on the run , shoot at anything that move . montag haul himself up and over the railing onto the sixth floor landing . he stagger to he foot and dart off behind the bookshelve into the shadow as the trooper drop into frame from above , they gunfire chew the area ... handheld montag run , a breathless plunge through madness , turn this way and that , hearing yell and scream , barely avoid the trooper pound up the stair and sweeping the building , flash of gunfire stutter and lighting up the shadow . he come to a window . his only way out . he grab a old metal chair , swing it , bashes out the window . camera follows he out onto a fire escape six floor above the ground ... -.- and he nemesis the flitter descend into frame before he , gatling gun swiveling up and lock into place . montag freeze , nowhere to go , know he 's dead , and : whiiititirrrrr ! the gatling gun spin , out of ammo . montag 's stunne . hear voice behind he . a heartbeat of decision , and : he jump from the landing , slam into the flitter , arm wrap around one of the lower turbofan duct , hang on for dear life as the flitter bob and spin , off balance , gyros struggle as it go twist out of control , sailing across the street toward the face of the building next door ... int - build next door - night - ; - and crashing awesomely in through a window , drag montag with it , a storm of glass , montag bounce free as the machine go bang / cartwheel off across the floor , plow through a wall and vanish , gyros scream as it keep try to fly . 103 . montag rise , daze and bleed , look out the demolish window . across the street in the round building , the battle still rage , gunfire flashing and echoing within . he turn away , horrify . camera follows as he limp through the shadow , look for a way out ... ext - alley - night ... and bashes through a basement - level window . he crawl out , hugging the shadow as a hovercopter searchlight sweep by . he can still hear sporadic gunfire from the block over . montag run down the alley , vanish into the night ... CUT to : int - police command CENTER - night the dispatcher 's listen on he headset as the report come in . he turn , cause shock in the room : dispatcher we lose he . all eye go to a man in a suit in the shadow . this be no cop , but a dhs official -- a man of scary power . he step forward . we do not see he face clearly , but the monitor in the room be reflect in he glass . man in suit we be on a live feed . half the world be watch . no way do we " lose " he . ( check he watch ) he die in ten minute . do it . ext - CITY - night more populate here , a Times Square feel . montag limp along in the flow of pedestrian , try not to be notice . ext - CITY - different area - night swat apc screech up , follow by a Fire Department control van . men jump out , circle to the rear , open the door . three mechanical hound bound out , racing off in a pack ... aerial view --- and we be watch from a hovercopter as the hound streak across the street below we . pilot' voice ( heavily filter ) Air nine to Command . there go the hound . track now . 104 . the aerial view tilt , follow the hound ... ext - CITY STREET - night ... while montag limp on . he see a cop car cruise this way , duck into a crowd watch storefront vidscreen : announcer ..- authority now predict a swift conclusion to the manhunt . citizen be urge to get involved . watch for this man ! guy montag ! traitor ! cold-blood murderer ! a photo of montag pop up . rack focus to the real montag in the midst of the crowd . he move uneasily among they , cap pull low , as the vid screen keep blaring : announcer ( touch he earpiece ) go live now to Dow Phillips on the scene ... Dow , what 's happen there ? a reporter pop up , broadcasting live via minicam : reporter Steve , this be the scene just moment ago at Civic Center ... montag turn to see new footage pop up : the three hound leaping from the van and racing off . reporter and they be off ! Three hound -- count them , three ! -- have be bring in to deal with the situation ! now that 's unprecedented , but then so be this crime , which have shake this city to its foundation ... montag 's heart go into he throat . he keep move ... the hound race through the street , ignore traffic , scatter pedestrian ... the hovercopter blast over the city , turbofan shrieking ... Pov from AIR of city street whizzing below we . the hound veer off ina new direction ... 105 . pilot' voice ( heavily filter ) change direction . head west . traveling Pov from ground of the hovercopter above we . tilt down to a swat apc speed through the street with light and siren ... apc trooper' voice ( heavily filter ) copy that . head west . ext - streetcorner - night +++a8 streetcorner vid give we the breathless play - by-play over a AIR - to - AIR shot of the police hovercopter ... announcer ( v.0o . ) -- yes , we Eye in the Sky hovercam 's come through very clearly . you can see the police hovercopter there ... and the hound below ... ... the vidscreen image angle down , shaky , to the hound racing along the street . montag step tight into frame f.g. , tear he gaze from the vid and gaze up toward the sky . announcer we be tell they have change direction now . head west . toward the river . montag 's heart sink . there be hovercopter all over the city . which one be pursue he ? he force himself to wait for the light to change , desperate not to attract attention to himself , sweat bullet all the while . pundit Steve , this hound be amazing technology , with a sense of smell a hundred thousand time keener than a real dog 's . this give they instant DNA recognition , which mean they can identify a human be simply by smell ... the light change . montag cross with the crowd ... the hound run , a blur of chrome , a thunder of rubber - padded paw ... montag walk faster now , jostling in a flow of pedestrian , hearing siren , toss terrify look behind he ... 106 . int - police command CENTER - night all eye on the monitor : a aerial view sweeping over the street below . face tense . ext - STREET corner - night a CITY bus be turn the corner , pass by we with its side vidscreen blaring -- announcer --- we will be patching over any moment now to Police Command , the nerve center of the hunt , live as it happen . I be tell we can even expect a live feed from the police hovercopter itself ... -- and it wipe from frame , revealing montag hurry toward we . he pause , look up , hearing a hovercopter get closer . still force himself not to run , he step off the curb , move out across a wide empty boulevard alone ... int - police command CENTER - night ++- as the aerial view on the monitor screen show : a figure crossing a wide empty boulevard below we . caught in the open . turn and look up . man in suit there . police captain ( on headset ) target acquire . repeat , target be acquire . int - tv station - night announcer ( listen on earpiece ) this just in ! authority believe they have spot montag ! still wait to patch through to that police hovercopter ... ext - CITY STREET - night montag spin around , panic , try to see where he pursuer be come from , streetcorner vidscreen blaring : announcer --- yes , yes , it 's confirm ! monta have be spot ! where 's we live feed ? 107 . int - police command CENTER - night everybody rivete to the screen as : man in suit I want some nice close shot . I want to see he face . dispatcher I need that overlay now ! whip pan to another console , where a tech be generate digital 3d scan of montag 's face -- side view , front view . ext - CITY STREET - night a man be crossing a wide empty boulevard alone -- not montag . some homeless guy with a pint bottle in a paper bag . he keep turn around , look up , more and more nervous about the hovercopter up there . be it follow he ? suddenly , the searchlight stab down , pin he in a halo of glare . he stand freeze , stunne , shield he eye ... int - police command CENTER - night .- and onscreen we see the homeless guy below we , gaze up , take a few nervous step back . flashing computer line converge on he face , lock in ... dispatcher switch to overlay now . --- and the man 's face be replace with a perfectly animated digital overlay of montag 's face ... police captain go live ? man in suit wait . put a gun in he hand . the tech enter a fast command . flashing line converge again , put a digital pistol in the fake montag 's hand . man in suit now . go live . int - tv station - night announcer we have get we feed ! go live now to the police hovercopter ! whip pan to a studio monitor as the live aerial image pop up , the fake montag back away , face clearly visible ... 108 . ext - CITY STREET - night .-. while the real montag run , he terror complete , the city spin dizzily around he ... announcer ( v.0o . ) we be live ! there he be , there 's montag ! that 's he ! he 's run ! ext - CITY STREET - night .. while the homeless man also run , panic now as the hovercopter buzze he . suddenly , the hound veer into view , streaking toward he . he cut and run in another direction , sheer panic now , the beast pursue he up the street . announcer ( v.0o . ) he 's run ! he 's get a gun ! the swat apc screech into view up ahead , cut he off , the trooper in the turret aim assault rifle ... ext - CITY STREET - night -+- as the real montag slow , heart pound ... announcer ( v.o. ) he 's hemmed in ! there 's nowhere he can go ! -.- and he limp tight to camera , gaze up . camera come around to reveal a vidscreen on the side of a building . the live feed . a man with a pistol and montag 's face be run . scream . the hound be catch up ... ext - CITY STREET - night man I ain't do nothin '! I ain't do nothin '! ..- and the hound leap , take he down , rip at he in a flurry of titanium tooth , savaging he , drag the body ... int - police command CENTER - night ++-.as everybody watch on the monitor . softly : man in suit ah. happy end . 109 . ext - CITY STREET - night as montag watch , the image go to a live handheld shot of the swat team run in with rifle poise , surround the body , the hound now back off ... announcer montag be down . you can see the trooper converge . we be await word . ( pause , listen ) lady and gentleman , guy montag be dead . a vicious criminal have be bring to justice . a grave crime against society have be avenge . and you see it here ... live . montag stare at the vid , stunne . he turn away , sicken , look across a empty plaza at : the river . the stone retain wall be right there . all he have to do be walk to it . he start across the plaza , limping and exhaust . as he near the river , it 's dawn on he that he 's free . he 's do it . he 's go to make it out of the city . and then something make he stop . a sound ? a instinct ? he turn . slowly . there , across the plaza : beatty 's hound . scorch chrome and gleam tooth . still tracking he . eye dilating . stutter . lock in ... hound Pov -+.as montag stand freeze ... the image flash and stutter ... flash and stutter ... the plaza montag cut and run , make for the river wall . the hound launch itself across the pavement to intercept , gear grind but fast as hell . montag get to the wall , no time to jump , grab up a pipe and spin to defend himself as the beast leap -- wham ! montag nail the hound with a terrific blow , send it tumble . the beast land on its foot , paw scrabbling for traction , lung again . montag drive it back with a desperate flurry of blow , hit it again and again -- 110 . montag let I go ! goddamn you ! -- and the hound snatch the pipe from montag 's grasp , crush it with he jaw , metal grind , whipping its head and hurl it clatter away across the ground . montag try for the wall . the hound leap , hit montag . they both go over , momentum carry they into freefall ... they fall endlessly , montag hold the beast by the throat , keep its tooth at bay . splash ! they hit the river -- underwater -- and sink into the dark water , still lock in combat . the hound be inch from montag 's nose , snarling and snap , try to take he face off ... .-- but montag wrench free . the hound lash in utter demonic fury , for there 's one thing hound can not do -- float . it sink away beneath montag 's foot , vanish into the dark brackish depth , jaw still snap ... ext - river surface - night -.- and montag break the surface , gasp in great lungful of air . it 's all he can do to keep from drown as the swift current carry he away into the night ... dissolve to : a series of shot leave the city behind and take we further and further along the river into the wilderness ... . ... with montag clutching a gnarled old log like a shipwreck survivor , too weak to do anything but hold on , the current carry he along under the star ... +.- ever toward the mountain , where a faint smudge of rosy glow promise a come dawn ... dissolve to : ext - riverbank - pre -dawn montag and he log be sweep gently into a tangle of other debris , come to a stop . he 's unconscious and shiver , he hand like white claw hold the log in a death grip . we be look at a man at the end of he last fray rope . this would be , literally , he last gasp . except : 111 . figure enter frame . rough-hewn . we will not yet see they face . they gather at water 's edge , peer down at montag . two of the man wade into the water , pull the log closer , pry he free , hand he up toward the other . montag be drag onto the riverbank , though he 's not even aware it 's happen . he 's out of it , shaking with hypothermia and fever ... CUT to : ext - wilderness - dawn ..- and now he 's wrap in skin , be drag along on a rough wooden litter , head whipping with feverish dream ... flashcut insert ..- where a nightmare hound lunge into camera , a blur of tooth and eye and procaine tongue ... montag -.- and montag cry out , flail at phantom as they drag he further and further into the mountain ... fade to : int - tent - late day very quiet here . camera pan a spill of wane sunlight across the floor , come to : montag . he 's wrap in bedding up to he chin . a cool damp cloth on he forehead . his eye flutter open , try to focus . he 's come back to we . as coherency return , he look around ... -.. and see a large man hunkere across the tent , stare at he with pierce eye and a wild tangle of beard . his name be granger . he look like he 's be squatting there for hour . granger so . you live . you have be out all day , I be beginning to wonder . montag try to speak , but can not manage it just yet . Granger glance to a little boy . granger go on , get the other . the boy scamper from the tent . montag become aware of a no - nonsense elderly woman , maggie , as she lean over and give he a sip of water . 112 . montag thank you . people start enter , find place , hunker down . montag find face stare at he , not all of they friendly -- wilson , syke , morale , pemberton , royce . whisper be exchange , as : morale maggie ? maggie hypothermia almost do he in . and be in that filthy river all night with all this cut ... I have to pump he full of antibiotic . syke as if we have plenty to spare . we should have leave he where he be . wilson murdered he , you mean ? syke just let the river have he . that would have be enough . wilson amount to the same thing . granger - that 's not the way we do thing . not who we be . you know that . syke what I do not know be that we can trust he . pemberton that broadcast . the manhunt . could have be fake . a ploy . syke he could be a plant . they might be look to crack down on we . of course they would have to find we first . what better way ? granger so you do think we should kill he . Granger unsheathes a bowie knife , pass it to syke . granger go on . you feel most strongly about it . he 's all yours . 113 . syke hold the knife awkwardly , meet montag 's gaze . montag glance to Granger , note he twinkle of amusement as : granger go on , hell . I be hungry . dinner 's wait . syke dammit . you know that 's not what I mean . we can just leave he behind . voice ( 0.s. ) no , I say do it . kill he . montag look up as another man enter the tent . recognition dawns in montag 's face as camera come around to reveal : dillman Son of a bitch owe I money . I bet he do not bring it . montag dillman ? diliman ? dillman come over , crouch down . take montag 's hand . montag you be alive . dillman : more than I can say for you . caught - you act on the late show . good reception up here on the handhelds . wow , some climax . Three hound and everything . great special effect . ( lean in ) you could 'a just leave town like I do . montag you could have invite I . they share a smile . beat . dillman turn to the other . dillman I know this man . he 's a good man . whatever you do to he , you do to I . if he 's leave behind , I will be with he . that 's the way it be . pemberton you loyalty be admirable . but. ( glance to Granger ) be it enough ? the question linger in the air . and then : 114 . girl voice ( 0.s. ) he give I a book once . all eye go to the tent flap . clarisse hover there , peer in , shy but self - determine . montag be quietly overcome with emotion at the sight of she . she meet he eye and smile . clarisse that 's Mr. montag . he use to be a fireman . look be trade in heavy silence ... ext - camp - magic hour -..and montag be bring from the tent , clarisse and dillman at he side . there be tent , pack mule , campfire . people be go about they business , a nomadic tribe of sixty or more . montag draw he share of stare and curious look . montag pause , see a man before he . the face be familiar , it he take a moment to realize -- it 's clarisse 's father . they stare at each other for a long moment . softly : montag I meet you uncle . he save my life . I like he very much . father I too . beat . clarisse 's father offer he hand . they shake . ext - camp - magic hour various group be eat around the campfire . we find montag with Granger and the other : granger we be break camp after dinner . head further up into the mountain . always better to travel at night . be you up to it ? montag I will keep up . granger Winter 's come on . we will hook up with a few other group like ours . we know some abandon mineshaft , some of them go pretty deep . they be not comfortable , but they keep we alive when the snow fall . we will spend the winter there , hibernate like bear . a few groan . 115 . montag and catch up on you read ? ( off they look ) faber say you have book . a lot of book . be that where they be , up in the mine ? royce do he say mine ? or mind ? oh dear , a pun . montag look around at they face , confuse . montag I be ... sorry . I do not understand . granger we have book . yes , you could say that . but not the kind you think . we hide they away where nobody could ever find they . or burn they . ( look around ) go on . introduce yourselves . morale lean forward , speak to montag : morale there be a desert wind blow that night . it be one of that dry , hot Santa anas that come down through the mountain pass and curl you hair and make you nerve jump and you skin itch . on night like that every booze party end in a fight . meek little wife feel the edge of the carve knife and study they husband ' neck . anything can happen . you can even get a full glass of beer at a cocktail lounge . ( extend he hand ) Raymond Chandler . the simple Art of murder . please to meet you . montag shake he hand , still confuse , as another man speak : royce no one would have believe , in the last year of the nineteenth century , that human affair be be watch keenly and closely by intelligence great than man' and yet as mortal as he own ... and now other voice join in , come from all around he , the word mingling and overlap : pemberton listen . billy pilgrim have come unstuck in time . billy have go to sleep a senile widower and awaken on he wedding day . he have walk through a door in 1955 and come out another one in 1941 ... wilson ... the man in black fle across the desert , and the gunslinger follow . the desert be the apotheosis of all desert ... matheson ...on that cloudy day , Robert neville be never sure when sunset come , and sometimes they be in the street before he could get back ... maggie ... the seller of lightning rod arrive just ahead of the storm . he come along the street of Green town , Illinois , in the late cloudy October day , sneaking glance over he shoulder ... syke ... there be I , that be Alex , and my three droog , that be Pete , georgie , and dim , dim be really dim , and we sit in the korova milkbar make up we rassoodock what to do with the evening ... 116 . montag 's look around , nonpluss . he glance to dillman , who start laugh at the look on he face . . dillman say hello to the book . granger do not judge we by we cover . ( tap he head ) each one of we . a book . with the page lock away where they can never be burn . ( lean over , clasp montag 's hand ) I answer to the name I be give , harold Granger . but I have a secret name . walter Miller , a canticle for liebowitz , publish 1959 . we have ( more ) 117 . granger ( cont 'd ) many secret name here . look around . there 's h.g. Wells . Mary shelley . Jonathan Swift . lincoln . Shaw . darwin . also Matthew , Mark , luke and John . ( beat ) tell I , fireman . what 's you secret name go to be ? maggie he have this on he . still damp , but itll dry ... she toss the paperback of " David copperfield " to Granger . granger ah. David copperfield . dicken . good one . but thick . you will have you work cut out for you . Granger toss the book . montag catch it . off he look , we dissolve to : ext - mountain slope - night the tribe come slowly up the slope of a mountain pass by the light of a full moon , rag knot of people and pack animal . thirty mile behind they be the city , spread out below in a ocean of light . montag ( 0.s. ) " chapter one . I be bear . whether I shall turn out to be the hero of my own life , or whether that station will be hold by anybody else , this page must show ... " montag appear , come toward we , the paperback in he hand . he 's get a penlight on it , speak the word aloud : montag " to begin my life with the beginning of my life , I record that I be bear , as I have be inform and believe , on a Friday , at twelve o'clock at night . it be remark that the clock begin to strike , and I begin to cry , simultaneously ... " his voice trail off . a SOUND have be building , unnotice at first , but now loud enough to make he stop and look up . people all along the slope be also pause , also gaze up . 118 . a shrieking SOUND be tear the sky , turn the world hushed and eerie . montag see glow vapor trail form in the stratosphere high above , light by the moon . streak overhead . toward the city . and then , from a great distance , a wailing SOUND drift from the city , rise and fall . civil defense siren . int - HOTEL room - night millie 's in bed , watch tv , half doze . she rise , hearing the siren . she 's draw toward the window , wonder what on earth that sound be ... ext - mountain slope - night montag see one of the vapor trail break out of formation , separate from the other and descend now in gentle arc toward the city , drift as silently as thistledow . a pinpoint of light begin to glow brighter and brighter at the head of the fall vapor trail , glimmer and halating , almost like a angel be bear . montag and the other watch in wonder , still not make sense of what they be see ... int - HOTEL - night millie come to the window , gaze out at the city . a brilliant glow build from the sky , descend to earth . she look up , she face become childlike , enchant ... ext - mountain slope - night -..and montag suddenly realize : montag ( softly ) . oh my God ... granger ( also realize ) don't look at the light ! don't look at the L -- Light . flash into existence over the city like a silent sun , or the bang at the beginning of creation , stun and beyond comprehension . the world turn white before we like a million flashbulb go off at once , turn the people and animal on the mountain slope into silhouettes , mule buck , man and woman fall and throw themselves to the ground . 119 . Granger be catch look at the detonation , scream and clap he hand over he eye ... the CITY - extreme slow motion ++- as a wave of holy white fire sweep through the canyon of concrete and steel , shatter building like crystal vase , take bridge off they mooring , turn the river to steam , toppling tower , rip train off they track , melting glass and beam and rivet to slag ... int - HOTEL - night ( slo - mo ) ..- and millie never have time to scream as the glare blow through the window and send she sailing on a wind of white fire , the wall collapse and take flight , a flame bedside lamp hurtle through frame ... ext - mountain slope - night ..- and montag pull he face off the ground as the initial glare subside enough to see , stare in horror , the roar of the detonation now roll across the mountain like a thousand clap of endless thunder ... montag ( a whisper ) millie . the CITY - extreme slow motion +.- and the fire expands ever onward , push before it a tidal wave of perfect pristine technology now reduce to flame debris in the roaring heart of a nuclear furnace , all the great work of humankind now undone ... ext - mountain slope - night +.- and montag get to he foot , stare in awe . a huge mushroom cloud be erupting from the glare , rise into the sky . people around he be huddle , sobbing , disorient . a few other also get to they foot , watch . the shockwave of wind arrive , turn the mountain slope into a momentary hurricane , tree whipping in a frenzy , knock some people back off they foot . montag cover he face with he hand , protect he eye . as the wind begin to dissipate , he hear : dillman ( 0.s. ) montag ! montag ! 120 . montag look down the slope . there , far below , stand dillman . his arm be spread wide , he face turn toward the mushroom cloud , he tooth bare in a grimace of what may be either sheer terror or joyous exultation . let 's face it -- in this moment , dillman 's go just a little bit insane : dillman ( bellow ) history begins with US ! montag turn , see people shaking and cry , daze with shock . pemberton 's run by , wild - eye and incoherent . montag grab he , spin he around . one lens of the man 's eyeglass be crack down the center . montag which way be the wind blow ? pemberton wind ? what ? I ... I do not ... what ? granger West . prevail wind be west . the fallout will blow away from we . montag see Granger on the ground , hand shaking before he sightless eye . he let pemberton go , come over . montag Granger ? granger I be blind , fireman . I see the light . montag crouch , offer he hand , gentle : montag I will lead you . Granger take montag 's hand , squeeze it . his other hand find montag 's face , finger seek . granger lead ? yes , why not ? the fireman will lead . syke lead ? lead where ? what be you talk about ? other be gather . clarisse appear , help montag get Granger to he foot . montag the mine . you say they be deep . 121 . granger pray they be . it 's go to be a long winter . long than we think . montag glance around . a lot of face be suddenly look to he , seek answer or reassurance . they fear and uncertainty surround he . montag you hear he ! Gather you thing ! help the injure ! grieve later ! we have get a long way to go ! move ! they do . people up and down the slope prepare to move on , gather they thing , help the injure . montag glance to clarisse . she 's clutching Granger 's arn , ready to help guide he . montag turn , take one last look at he city , a hot wind still rippling he clothes . the mushroom cloud be rise higher and higher , godlike above the fade glare , a roiling pillar of fire bellow into the heaven . distant flash begin appear here and there on the horizon . more nuclear explosion , but much too far away to see . as camera close in on montag , we hear he speak he most quiet and precious thought for the final time ... montag' voice ( v.0 . ) Fire be bright . Fire be clean . Fire sweep away the clutter of the past ... and provide a bright and shine future . ... and as we end on a final tight closeup , we see tiny pinpoint of nuclear fire reflect in he eye ... montag' voice ( v.0 . ) it be good to burn . this be what I have be teach . this be what I know . ( beat ) it be all I need to know . fade out