fair game written by jez butterworth &amp ; john-henry butterworth base on the memoir Fair game : my life as a spy , my betrayal by the White House by Valerie plame sfx : shallow , desperate breathing . extreme close angle on a figure kneel in a cell , in tight stress position . bound . blindfold . convulse with intense pain . we move closer -- it 's a woman . voice v/o ( valerie ) everything you face in life . everything you come up against .. clank ! she be haul to she foot by unseen hand . CUT to : she 's carry head - first fast down a corridor by four man , like a batter ram . voice ( valerie ) everything that stand in you way . .. into another cell . a fifth mask man . on the table -- a car battery . CUT to : scream ring out down the empty corridor . CUT to : blow rain down on she . the blindfold be tear off . voice ( valerie ) .. you foe , you fear , you terror .... you darkest night . then ---- splash ! she be thrust into a bath and hold under water . close on she face , as the bubbles of she desperate breath subside , she eye glaze and a single smoke - swirl of crimson blood rise up from she parte lip . voice ( valerie ) ..are all send to ask you the same question . the only question .. suddenly -- she look directly at we . awake . alert . voice ( valerie ) who be you ? blackout CUT to : 2 . establishing . aerial shot . downtown kuala lumpur . day . sear heat . eighty storey star-scraper reflect half - build death star . shimmer building and crane for mile . int . cecar annual conference . kl convention CENTER . day . 50 acre of climate control exhibition space swarm with global civil engineer . tented meeting room , stand . the bone dry wheel of global commerce , turn . a strike blonde , 30 , cross a concourse towards a malaysian woman in chanel . valerie plame extend a hand . valerie jessica mcdowell . cognis chemical . I hope I be not late . int . glass elevator in atrium of westin HOTEL . day valerie and the malaysian rise swiftly above the horde . chanel suit when do you leave kuala lumpur , Ms. macdowall ? valerie I fly to Taiwan Tuesday then back to dusseldorf . I really only need five minute of he time .. chanel suit I hope we be lucky . he be very busy man . int . presidential suite , westin HOTEL , kl . day valerie sit at a enormous marble conference table , before a wrap around view of the petronas tower . opposite her -- two neat maylasian secretary , with pad in front of they . one smile . she smile back . secretary Mr tabir very busy this morning . valerie oh I can imagine . voice ( hafiz o.s ) see 's we be wait .. at the head of the table a puffy 30 year old Sri lankan , hafiz , be shelling peanut on the marble , regard she . 3. hafiz .. why do not you practice you little pitch on I ? his tone contain a edge of menace . she smile politely . valerie actually . if it 's all the same - hafiz I know all my uncle 's business . he trust I . begin . valerie well . I be sure you be aware mr.. ( no answer ) you be aware that recently you subsidiary , kopa oleochemicals develop a organic , ester base lubricant derive from kernel oil , that make offshore drilling significantly more environmental . my company , cognis cmbh want - hafiz ( interrupt , flatly ) you american ? she stop . valerie canadian . actually . from Toronto . hafiz you a maple leafs fan ? valerie right . uh. no. not really . hafiz you must be the only person from Toronto 's not a hockey fan . Valerie hold he dead eye . valerie oh I be a fan . dad 's from Vancouver , so I be a canuck . between we , the maple leave suck . they should never have sign Mark Bell . guy a liability on a off the ice . so who 's you team ? 4. hafiz I do not like hockey . he hold she eye impassively . chanel suit enter . chanel suit unfortunately Mr tabir have no window this morning . but tonight he extend invitation to private reception at he residence . valerie be that ok ? I really do not wish to intrude . she meet hafiz 's level gaze . he do not blink . hafiz come to the party . ext . mansion , damansaran height , above kl . night mercede pull up outside a mansion above the sprawling city . int . ground floor , mansion . night not a party . asian man with name badge swap card . Valerie make small - talk with some Germans . she spot she quarry at the end of the corridor . she excuse herself . valerie Mr. tabir ? jessica mcdowall , cognis gmbh . thank you for allow I to come to you beautiful Home . tabir how can I help you ? valerie Mr tabir I wonder if you have time to glance at we proposal which would allow kopa to access to cognis ' current petrochemical service partner . essentially its - a man come up and whisper to mr.tabir . he stop she . tabir please excuse I , I have to attend to something .. my assistant here will make you comfortable .. 5 . int . library . night . lit by a stock market ticker , Valerie sit in front of a large desk . alone. wait . glance at papers on the desk . click ! the door open . it 's not tabir . it 's hafiz . valerie hi . I be wait for Mr. tabir . hafiz my uncle have to leave . he ask I to drive you to he tennis club . you can have you meeting there .. int / ext . hafiz' BMW . ( moving ) night as they pull away , Valerie look back . she spot tabir through a window -- still at the party -- she freeze . CUT to : hafiz turn off onto a desert road in the Lake garden . valerie why be we stop ? he look at she . undoe he seatbelt . hafiz Ms. macdowall , my uncle believe that trust be something you earn . and he do not trust anyone until he know they very , very well .. he stroke she hair . she hold he eye . compose . valerie but he trust you , hafiz .. the temperature in the car drop a hundred degree . hafiz how do you know my name ? hafiz 's brain do 0 - 60 in 0.06 second . he flip open the glove box . nothing there . valerie you car be sweep a hour ago . ( he go for the door . ) do not get out . if you get out of this car I can not protect you . 6. hafiz stop dead . look in the rearview : a black car , 50 yard behind . he grab she arm . hafiz who be you ? valerie let go of my arm hafiz . now . hafiz valerie who the fuck be you ? now ! he release she arm . she hold he gaze . breathe hard . valerie listen carefully . you uncle be in business with Abu domar Khan - hafiz valerie ( shake he head his company provide Khan smile ) with shipping , money that 's bullshit . launder and contraband component . valerie Khan have make contact with a terror organisation via a aid agency in Pakistan . they be seek material to build a weapon . hafiz fuck you . valerie ( she fix he ) you brother be in kalutara jail in Colombo face execution for trafficking . we can help he . hafiz valerie bullshit . you can not help he . we can help he . hafiz . listen to I . listen . valerie you have to think straight here hafiz . because I promise you one thing ... right now , you have no idea what we can and cannot do . hafiz look in the rear view . at the floor . deep inside something stir . she see it .. 7. valerie we need information about you uncle . contact . shipment . if you help we , we help you . if you do not , you brother die and tomorrow you be sit next to you uncle in a cell in Thailand and it will not be I ask the question . hafiz close he eye , head back . she watch he closely . valerie you will get a call at 8 be . you will be ask if you need a cleaner . you want she to come three morning per week . do you understand ? I say do you understand ? int . georgetown bar . night . pack . behind the bar , fox news -- bomb of Afghanistan . at the bar , a birthday celebration . cuervo shot . in back , around a table pile high with empty mexican plate , a group of girl catch up . Valerie and some friend . sue so after like six hour , he finally manage to stand up on the snowboard , and the instructor let go of he and he just plummet .. ( laughter ) I swear to god , he can not turn , slow down , for like four hundred yard . bill and yet I be incredible in bed . at the bar -- joe wilson , handsome , 5as , watch the explosion on the screen . he pick up a tray . joe keep the change . back to : Valerie be be quizzed by she buddy 's boyfriend , Steve . steve so what do you do Valerie ? valerie I work in venture Capital . brewster jenning , here in georgetown . 8. steve cool . so like net startup ..? valerie right . retail and consumer .. basically we create pool investment vehicle .. steve sound high risk .. valerie I guess . but you know .. high risk , high return . pretty boring actually . so what do you do ? joe arrive back to the table with a tray of drink . joe diana they be out of corona . I get I and Steve will not fly on the a Rolling rock. same plane . we will not even get the same train together . steve we get the same train to you mom 's . lisa jeff it only take one to fly a disneyland . a sarin attack on plane into a nuclear power disneyland . station - diana whatever they be tell we we be totally vulnerable . I mean who 's protect we . valerie it 's real scary . lisa Joe . would you risk take you kid to disneyland right now ? joe absolutely not . Far from be a playground of the imagination , disneyland be actually a giant clear house for crappy merchandise . and Space Mountain be a major disappointment . Valerie try not to laugh . give he a stern look . 9. valerie Joe think disneyland be Vegas for kid . steve Vegas . a dirty bomb in Vegas . jeff ok . you get on a plane , there 's two guy with turban , seat A1 and 2 . Joe close he eye . Valerie kick he under the table . jeff they look nervous . they be sweat , say prayer .. joe ( to himself ) ye god .. jeff Steve you have a two year old . you be off that plane . you be call the cop . I think if we be honest we all be . ( to Joe ) Joe . two guy . on a plane . turban . pray . sweating . what 's the call ? Joe open he eye . catch valery ' . everybody listen . he take off he glass . and look at Jeff . joe well Jeff .. CUT to : int . car . night . Valerie be drive home . Joe in the passenger seat . valerie every time . every time we go out . joe he start it - valerie he 's drunk Joe . everybody 's have a hard day . they be just try to let off steam - 10 . joe by invoke quasi-racist connundra ? the guy 's a parent . joe valerie be he tell he four year it 's diana 's birthday . Jeff 's old to fear all man in she best friend . turban ? joe so ? valerie so you can not call he a racist pussy . joe if not sit there while someone spout obnoxious crap make you a asshole . then I be a asshole . and you know that when you marry I . ( silence . she drive . ) by the way . how be you trip ? CUT to : flashback . int . turkish ambassador residence . 1997 . night . a reception . two hundred people in the main banquet hall . Joe walk through the crowd . work the room . Valerie accept a hor d'oeuvre . catch sight of Joe through the crowd . they catch eye . she lean to she friend . valerie who 's that ? CUT to : later . Joe excuse himself and turn . Valerie stand there . valerie hello . joe hi. forgive I . I be stare . it 's just I be sure we have meet before . valerie so who be I ? she smile . he flounder a little . she offer she hand . 11 . valerie Valerie plame . joe joe. Joe Wilson . valerie former ambassador to gabon . ambassador in Iraq during the Gulf war. married twice .. have a reputation for trouble . joe you have be misinform . I be only act ambassador in Iraq . Valerie smile . he do too . it 's electric . joe so what do you do , Ms. plame ? CUT to : present day -- valerie asleep in bed . she suddenly shake . cries out . Joe wake to see he wife , lose in a nightmare . flashback -- the reception . 1997 . valerie I be a energy consultant for a firm in Brussels . joe and do you enjoy you work ? present day -- the bedroom -- she do not wake . he stroke she arm . on she wrist -- a dark bruise . three fingerprint . flashback -- the reception . Valerie look into Joe 's eye . valerie I love it . int . kitchen . day . Joe carry the 3 year old twin , samantha and trevor in pyjamas , downstairs .. joe Val . where 's the babysitter ? .. into the kitchen . Valerie , coat on , bolt coffee . 12. valerie do not I say ? she can not get here till after lunch . joe ( sigh ) ok . I will work from home this morning . valerie be you sure - joe relax . I `n spongebob be on it . the kid start fight . she pick up she bag . joe valerie break it up . trevor do not hit we be have supper with the you sister . mitchell Tuesday . but if you want to skip it they know you be busy - joe I promise to behave . she stop . melt . kiss he . samantha I promise to behave . joe see . we be all gonna be on we best behavior . she close the front door . Joe look momentarily maroon . he begin pick up soft toy off the floor . establishing . CIA headquarters at langley . day . cpd agent ( o.s ) counter proliferation track and thwart nuclear and WMD acquisition by rogue nation and non-state actor . int . counter proliferation division . basement . day a agent walk six analyst through a crowded open plan office . people squeeze in cubbyhole . paper everywhere . 13. cpd agent ( cont 'd ) we be the fastest grow division in the Agency , which sound cool but mean you may have to share a desk . work like hell for year you may get you own cubbyhole . and if you be a workaholic , they make you boss , and you get - he knock on a door . open it . Valerie come burst out . cpd agent bad time ? we follow Valerie into the next office -- where she colleague , Ali , 30 , indian , be on the phone . valerie hafiz hire a cleaner . ali ( into phone ) gotta go . kuala lumpur just go live . Ali hang up and follow she out into the corridor . she scan the page she 's hold . valerie what time do he call this in ? cpd agent 11 hundred hour PST . flashback . int . kopa oleochemicals - kuala lumpur . night hafiz , in a corridor in he uncle 's office , late at night . Light from a photocopier flash across he sweat face . cpd agent v/o ( cont 'd ) the asset pass the intel to the cleaner at approximately eight fifteen local time , this morning . flashback . int . hafiz' apartment - kuala lumpur.day hafiz hand a fold piece of paper to he elderly cleaning woman . she put it in she apron pocket . cpd agent ( o.s. ) she make the drop fifty minute later ... just outside ko yonh Subway station .. 14 . flashback . int . kuala lumpur subway train . the cleaner alight , leave she New Straits Times on the seat . a bald asian commuter next to she along pick it up . -- slap ! -- the paper be open to a centre page feature of George Bush . there be hafiz 's photocopy . cpd agent ..a field team pick it up and D and D would it at the safe house .. in a cheap hotel room , under a break ceiling fan another asian man scan the image into a laptop , behind he the bald commuter strike a match and burn the original . int . valerie' office , cpd langley . day Valerie , in she cramped office with half a dozen field agent , brief from a diagram on a white board . valerie we have a shipment . a hold company in Pakistan ask tabir to purchase 200 un -identify unit , trackable by part number , from .. ali teludyne electronics of lowell Massachusetts .. ext . teludyne industries . lowell , massachusett . day two man ( from the briefing ) in a whipped chevy watch a red truck leave a industrial unit in the suburb of lowell . valerie ( v.o . ) the shipment be deliver to goza tech in secaucus , New Jersey ... ext . goza technologies , 600 meadowland pkwy NJ . night the red truck turn into a low grey set of prefab building in a business park . the chevy watch a forklift truck lift a single pallet out and deliver it into the warehouse . valerie ( v.o ) there it 's bundle in with a second shipment of legitimate electronic part , and documentation attach that mask its point of origin . 15 . int . bonded custom warehouse . port newark . night Valerie , Ali , and the rest of the team walk through the neon light maze of pack case and pallet towards a concerned look superintendent . valerie V / o its then dispatch as medical electronics en route to a company in johannesburg South Africa . first it spend the night at a bond custom warehouse in the Port of Jersey . that 's the intercept . superintendent can I help you ? valerie show id to the owner . valerie Sir , we be from U.S custom . can I take a moment of you time ? he take off he cap and look sick . a agent crack the pack case with a crowbar : white cardboard box . Valerie draw a Buck knife and slice it open , rumaging in polystyrene chip and come out with a Coke size white plastic cylinder with two contact at one end . ali what the hell be that ? Valerie look at the object . CUT to : a blinding flash of pure white light become a giant bulbous cloud of roll hellfire . it mushroom twenty thousand foot over the New Mexico Desert . a awesome sight . dr forster ( o.s. ) a spark gap be a high energy voltage - control switch device . int . los alamo national laboratory . exhibition CENTER . day as a gaggle of schoolkid watch the sixty year old footage of the Manhattan Project on a plasma screen , Valerie pass through the compound with dr forster , a geeky scientist in he 30 . he hold the intercept component . 16 . dr forster to detonate a nuclear bomb you need to be able to switch high voltage , high current electrical circuit at very high speed to the nearest hundredth of a nanosecond . they pass through a security door to the lab . dr forster the extremely short rise time be achieve by discharge a low - induct , high - voltage capacitor through the spark gap into the bridge wire inside the warhead . the ballpark be 5 kilovolt and 1 mf for the capacitor , with a peak current between 500 and 1000 ampere ... valerie do it have other use ? dr forster High speed photography , industrial photo-chemistry . Zapping kidney stone . be someone out there building the fire train for a nuclear device component by component ? ( shake he head ) you be talk one helluva complicated process . this guy be just one tiny piece in the jigsaw . she hand he a piece of paper . valerie this be a list of other component export through the same network over the last 3 year . tilt table . timing equipment . High speed monitior device . dr forster ( reading ) quartz rate sensor . calibration unit ... ( take off he glass . ) it 's not kidney stone . thank god you stop this . valerie I be not stop it . 17 . dr forster ( confused ) I do not understand .. int . counter proliferation division . langley . day . Valerie 's team be in a briefing room . valerie we keep the transaction live . trace it all the way to the end user . she take they through a full whiteboard . valerie the shipment arrive in joburg on the 21st . it 's put in a unmark container and ship to the free trade zone in Dubai . we asset meet there with the buyer on the 23rd . she toss a spark gap to one of she team . valerie Dr Forster and he team at Los alamos have alter the impedence timing of the spark gap by a fraction of a nanosecond . basically , they will not know it do not work till it do not work . ali can we put a wire on the asset ? the door at the back open . the deputy of cpd enter with the Chief . everybody sit up . Valerie continue .. valerie too dangerous . this network have avoid detection for year . expect meticulous operational security and counter surveillance . any question ? they disperse . the deputy director of cdp buttonhole she .. deputy cpd Val . the chief want to see you . int . corridor . langley . day . Valerie walk with mike and bill , they chief . 18. bill Val , seventh floor have issue a directive for a Joint Task Force on Iraq . we want you to head it up . Valerie do not blink . valerie yes sir. bill you can pick you team . this be top priority . down the line d.f.u . valerie what about the Dubai op ? bill Mike say you get a hunch on the buyer . valerie manucher vaziri . syrian National . base out of Karachi . on a wire pick up in Cairo he talk about componentry from a know source in Pakistan he 's move to a unnamed Gulf state .. bill Iraq ? valerie vaziri 's devoutly Shia . Iraq 's control by the sunni . Saddam 's sunni . there 's no way this be Iraq . bill they be all good Muslims right ? valerie and Martin luther King and the kkk be both Christian . bill great job . from Monday , I need you both eye on Iraq . CUT to : at the door , they shake hand . Mike and Valerie walk off . mike d.f.u ? 19 . valerie do not fuck up . CUT to : a frame photograph , of Joe walk in the Rose Garden with the forty first President , George hw Bush . " to Joe Wilson , with respect and best wish , George Bush .. president V / o States like this , and they terrorist ally , constitute a axis of evil , arming to threaten the peace of the world ... int . joe wilson's den . charleston terrace . washingtion . day . CNN be on in the background , low . State of the Union address , 2002 . Joe , work on something , recording voice note , half - watch the President over he papers . president v/o ( on CNN ) they could provide this arm to terrorist , give they the mean to match they hatred .. across the room -- beneath a wall of well - thumbed tome , two year old twin , trevor and samantha be lose in play . trevor haul in the flex of a globe lamp on a top shelf . president they could attack we ally or attempt to blackmail the United States . in any of this case , the price of indifference would be catastrophic . crash ! -- Joe turn as the shelf give way , and a avalanche of book and keepsake bury he kid . holler . tear . joe ( rushes over ) hey hey hey . everybody ok ? let 's take a look at you . four arm . four leg . no break bone . he lug they out . the front door open . it 's Heather the babysitter . heather hey kid ! Joe I be sorry I be late . 20 . joe that 's fine . look guy . Heather 's here . CUT to : on tv , live . the President crossing the White House lawn , towards Marine one . as the kid play with Heather in the lounge , Joe make a coffee in the kitchen , watch the President on tv as he mount the ramp . the cabin door shut tight . a wash of rotor blade . the chopper lift off . Joe take the coffee and walk out onto the deck . he look up into the sky . a thrumming build . the deck shake , the sky turn black as Marine one thunder over low . deafen . CUT to : closeup : satellite image of installation in a desert . Val take she eye from a magnify stand . int . OPEN plan office , langley . late at night no - one around . alone , valerie , surround by pile of file and folder , scan picture of military hardware , check it against its corresponding aerial signature . voice ( o.s. ) how do you think she get the job ? she cock a ear . putting on there coat , two male analyst : analyst 1 memo come out say we get two percent woman in executive role . it 's quotas by another name . there 's ten guy I could name could do the job better .. analyst 2 I wonder who 's she 's fuck . she freeze . -- suddenly -- voice ( mike , o.s ) do not you have a home to go to ? she turn . mike , she director be there . he smile . CUT to : 21 . two minute later . in mike 's office . she read the document . mike dia release the report Tuesday . winpac be not buy and State kick it back , but it 's make wave in the vice President 's Office . ( he look at she ) what do you think ? valerie he 's qualified . he 's be there hundred of time . know the arena inside out . mike you do not look overjoy . valerie he 's be work hard to build he business . then there 's the twin . money 's kinda tight right now . mike ( he look at she ) we be at full stretch here . you know that better than anyone . he 's help we before . could you ask he to come in ? int . marble lobby , CIA headquarters , langley . day . the vast lobby at langley . operative , analyst , come and go in the hushed marble atrium . Joe in a dark suit , attache case , stare at the wall . read the inscription . " in honor of that member of the Central Intelligence Agency who gave they live in the service of they country " flashback . int . bedroom . 1997 . day . Joe and Valerie lie in bed . face to face . valerie you want to go out for breakfast . or stay here ? joe I want to live with you . she look into he eye . a tear roll out of she eye . 22. valerie there 's something I have to tell you . present day -- the memorial on the North Wall . no name . just row and row of anonymous black star . Dead covert officer . flashback -- the bedroom . valerie what be you think ? joe be you name really Valerie ? she smile . valerie ( o.s. ) Joe ? present day . lobby . langley . Joe turn . his wife be stand there . joe ( brightly ) hey . he move away from the memorial . in this unfamiliar context , this be slightly awkward . joe Nice place you get here . cosy . valerie ( smile ) I need to get you clear . int . elevator , CIA headquarters , langley . day . a big visitors badge on Joe . side by side . they go down . joe you work in the basement ? valerie ( deadpan ) actually . I work in georgetown for brewster jenning . we be a small firm of venture capitalist . joe that must be interesting work . 23. valerie it pay the rent . int . basement , langley . day . Valerie lead Joe into a windowless room . mike . five or six analyst . Agents from CIA and State Department . valerie this be Joe Wilson . Joe , this be Mike , the deputy Chief of cpd . ( they shake ) I will leave you guy to it . businesslike , Valerie leave . Joe sit . silence . mike Mr Wilson , what can you tell we about yellowcake ? Joe look around the room . clear he throat . joe I believe it 's a concentrate obtain from uranium ore use to create fissile material for weapon program . but I be not a scientist . mike what about niger ? joe the UN human development index rank niger the number one least liveable country in the world . I start my foreign service there . as ambassador to gabon , I travel back many time . then as director of Africa policy for the nsc under President Clinton , I frequently visit , often meet with Prime Minister mayaki . I know the former foreign minister . I know the Minister of mine . mike the Office of the vice President have receive a report concern a memorandum of sale between the government of niger and Iraq for the purchase of five hundred ton of yellowcake uranium ore .. ( he fix Joe ) ( more ) 24 . mike ( cont would ) I do not have to tell you how serious this allegation be . joe wilson no Sir , you do not . he lean forward . mike this be a request from the vice President . can you help we ? establishing : a lone dc-8 fly across a coral pink sky . a DC - 8 judder in low over hill surround niamey airport . inside -- Joe , two day growth , blink out the window . below , a rusty burn out DC - 8 which do not make it . ext . taxi , nigerien road . day Joe , in the back of a hot , rickety renault , rattling along the highway into town . low earthen dwelling . camel train . int . HOTEL room , naimey . day a tiny , hot cell . a sign on the bathroom door . " red hot shover " . turn the ceiling fan on . loud grind . int . bathroom . day . Joe lather up he face to shave . he turn on the tap . no water . he look at himself in the mirror . minister ( o.s ) Bien revenue a niger M. Wilson . ext . outside dusty bodega . day . Joe , unshaven , shake hand with a 60 year old nigerien . joe par la grace d'allah . comment allez vous , M. bonzala ? inside - we subtitle the mixture of french dialect and hausa . minister last time we meet I be Minister , you ambassador . now , thanks to Allah , we be free man . you be grow a beard , no ? 25 . joe so it would seem . minister so tell I . how can niger help its old friend , America ? int . conference room , directorate of intelligence . day . several analyst sit around a table , include the lead analyst , paul . two of they be the guy who be bad - mouth Valerie . another be joe turner , a dough - face offical from winpac ( weapon Intelligence non proliferaton and Control ) . turner ( read ) " in summer 2001 Iraq seek to purchase 60,000 high alloy 7075 - t4 aluminum tube manufacture in China . the high spec of this tube lead we to conclude they be intend for the enrichment of uranium . in August 2001 J. Turner . . " that 's I .. " fly to Vienna , to meet with IAEA scientist . Mr. Turner produce this report , aspect of which represent the CIA 's present position . " I be happy to take question . analyst the inr conclude late last year that this tube be probably for artillery use , and the doe agree they exactly match that use by Iraq for artillery rocket . paul where be the tube ? turner winpac have they . we have examine they . this be my point . none of you guy have even see the tube . valerie I have see they . everyone look at she . turner and when be that ? 26 . Valerie look up . slightly surprised by he tone . valerie when I seize they last year in Jordan . when I head the covert team that intercept they , buy back sample and deliver they to you guy at winpac . a couple of the analyst try not to smile . turner so I take it you be not a nuclear expert . this tube be a exact match for that develop by german scientist gernot Zippe in the 5as . Valerie turn to she note from she read . valerie you be right . I be no nuclear expert . but Dr. Houston Wood , at Virginia U atomic facility be . he also know Dr Zippe , who 's 89 and life in Austria , and he tell he that the wall thickness of the iraqi tube be three or four time the thickness of he design . paul and the tube be twice as long as Zippe 's design . in fact the only similarity between he tube and the alumumium tube be that they be make of aluminium . valerie a metal that have not be use in gas centrifuge since 1952 . the chauvanist analyst share a look of respect for Valerie . still Turner do not give up . turner I go to Vienna . Canada . I have work on this for month . they be centrifuge . fact . paul so basically , they be you tube and if we do not let you win you be go home . 27 . turner that 's pathetic . valerie Joe . no one be say you be wrong here . but if you be right , it 's huge . so we ask the question . right ? we have to ask the question . ext . desert road . day . Joe ride shotgun , in a 4x4 , drive deep into the sahara . joe V / o niger have two uranium mine in the sahara desert . one 's flood . the other 's run by cogema , a french subsidiary , jointly control by the japanese and Germans . a collossal earthwork deface the flat , hot moonscape . Joe be escort around the mine by a small team . joe 500 ton of yellowcake be not a off the book size transaction , it represent a 40 % production increase in the nation 's annual output of uranium . a sale that size would leave a huge paper trail . int . HOTEL . day . Joe sit on he bed , under the noisy fan , make note . joe ( v.o. ) any documentation would by law have to be sign by the Prime Minister , foreign minister , and the Minister of the mine ... but say it be a off the book deal .. ext . roadside village . day . the long road back from the mine the previous day , Joe 's land Rover pull over . everyone come out to see they . joe ( v.o. ) how do you hide the transportation of 500 ton of anything , let alone lightly refine uranium ? ( more ) 28 . joe ( v.o. ) ( cont would ) you be talk fifty semi tractor truck on one road through village where nothing pass for month except maybe one bush taxi . it would be the biggest event for month . to say they forget , it 's like kid forget Christmas . establishing -- joe and valerie' house . night . inside -- Joe sit at the dining room table , debrief by two CIA agent , over chinese take out . joe the drought of the 80s and 90 be meet by million of dollar of U.S Aid , which continue to this day . it just do not make sense niger would compromise this lifeline . for that reason , and the other I have give , it 's my opinion that the sale could not happen . CUT to : Joe show they out . shut the door . Valerie appear . joe what happen next ? valerie they write a report . give it to the analyst . it will be re-written , then kick upstairs where it will be throw in with whoever else 's report they get - Joe snort derisively . joe you guy be hysterical . I can not believe you be actually gonna send someone else all the way out there to ask exactly the same question . valerie you can not compile Intelligence from a single source ? that 's not Intelligence . that 's a opinion . joe I can save the CIA some air fare here . there be not a snowflake chance in hell this thing happen . 29 . valerie say who ? joe say I . valerie what if you be wrong ? one guy say it 's true . it 's not true . lot of guy say it 's true , it 's still not true . it 's intelligence . it 's slow . painstake . but it work . check and balance . joe what be I , a check or a balance ? valerie probably neither . you be a teeny tiny weeny cog in a giant machine . but you do you job . you should feel good . they count on that . that 's why they do not pay you . joe I be not feel that 007 right now . she put she arm around he neck . kiss he sexily . valerie I can get the kid to make you a medal , if it will help . joe we double oh 's be more about the gratuitous sex . valerie I will see what I can do . they start make out . CUT to : television footage of a PRESS conference . journalist Mr. President , in you speech now you rarely talk or mention Osama bin Laden . why be that ? 30 . int . chief' office . day valerie lean over a analyst 's desk as together they study photograph of a syrian man in he sixty on the analyst screen .. the tv be on in the corner of the computer screen .. president on tv the idea of focus on one person indicate people do not understand the scope of the mission . terror be bigger than one person . so I just do not spend that much time on he , Kelly , to be honest with you ... Valerie look up and stop . across the floor scooter libby , he assistant and two aide , walk past . head turn . valerie why be the ovp here ? int . mike' office . day . the deputy director hear a knock . it 's Valerie . valerie Mike . the vice President 's man be here . mike what the fuck ? int . briefing room . day . no window . a lone analyst sit sweat bullet . libby , spectacle on , thick folder open on he knee .. libby my name be i. Lewis Libby . I be the Chief of staff to the vice President . you be ? analyst Dave . I be a analyst . in non - proliferation . libby what can you tell the vice President about aluminium tube ? int . CIA mess hall , 2 nd floor , langley . day Valerie and Mike queue up in the mess with jim pavitt , 52 the deputy director of the CIA . 31 . pavitt relax Mike . the veep 's just dotting the i's . mike bullshit Jim . the only time a vice President come to langley be to cut a fuck ribbon . pavitt look . Cheney do not trust we . this shit with Dick go back thirty year . it will blow over . ( he turn to Valerie ) where be we on Iraq ? valerie behind the curve Sir . most of the intel be outdated . we do not have a single operative or asset in the country . pavitt what about geo-satellite imaging ? valerie with respect sir , you can not look at this problem from space and make a call . pavitt so talk to the defector . valerie the defector be unreliable . most be supply through a former asset the agency 's have on a burn notice since ` 95 . it 's a racket . they walk in and get pay to say whatever the Pentagon want to hear . pavitt so we be blind . valerie we need source we can rely on . we need to get in close . pavitt how close ? valerie Inside . 32 . bill Jim . Val think she can get we inside the weapon program . pavitt look at she . pavitt how ? CUT to : row and row of stationary . shelves fill pad , pen . pencils . photocopy paper . shelves twenty foot high . int . paper supplies and stationery shop . day Valerie select a pad and a pencil and approach the counter where a lugubrious woman in a pink sari be do Su doku . Valerie pay for she notebook and step out into --- ext . busy STREET . cairo , egypt . day the street throng with traffic . somalian taxi driver . Central african ferry exotic produce . egyptian smoking apple tobacco . colors. bustle . a different world . Valerie , head shroud in a scarf , put the notebook in she bag and push she way along the crowded street , buzzing with scooter and pedestrian . she step through a archway into -- ext . sultanate courtyard , cairo university . day a ancient cloister fill with a excited clamor . Fresh face student pile into a lecture theater . she follow . professor aziz ( v.o. ) the warping of the extra dimension be analogous to the warping of spacetime in the vicinity of a massive object eg : a black hole . int . wood panelled lecture hall . cairo university . day wrapt silence . Valerie sit at the back . she open she new notebook and listen . on stage -- a old Middle - Eastern professor be give a lecture with the help of a over-head projector . giant shadow hand deftly trace algebraic formulae onto projector . 33. professor aziz red-shifting , generate a large ratio of energy scale so that the natural scale at one end of the extra dimension be much larger . Valerie watch . professor aziz ( v.o. ) it 's a honor to meet you at last Dr. harper . ext . cloister of cairo university . day the prof walk with Valerie talk excitedly . professor aziz I be unable to attend you string - gravity seminar at MIT but I read a transcript . truly groundbreake work . valerie thank you . professor aziz the faculty have just move I , so you must excuse the mess . he show Valerie up a stone staircase and through a door . int . booklined study . cairo university . day book everywhere . lot still in box . professor aziz my old room be on the other side of the courtyard . they be smaller but I get the morning sunlight . will you settle for peppermint tea . it 's fresh . valerie thank you . the professor hand Valerie a cup of mint tea and sit . professor aziz tell I Dr. harper , do you read my latest paper on quark . I cite you 1995 essay more than once . I would be very intrigue to know what you make of my finding .. 34 . she sit forward . valerie Sir , Dr harper be in Cambridge , Massachusetts . she receive a call yesterday request she stay home for 48 hour . the professor blink . taken aback . professor aziz I do not understand . who be you ? valerie I be sorry for misleading you . but I be here to ask you the same question . ( he stop ) because you be not Professor Aziz . he stand there . thrown . valerie I be sorry to surprise you like this sir. you name be Doctor harif Al fallari . you be bear in basra . the old man look perplex . even a little amused . he sit . professor aziz well . this be indeed a strange morning . madam , there seem to have be a mistake . my name be Said uhmah Aziz . I be a theoretical physicist . I model space . I have never be to basra . I be a teacher . I would like to be of assistance . but I be afraid I can not help you . valerie so you be not Doctor fallari . professor aziz madam . I have never even hear of this man . valerie you be not lead engineer at the osirak nuclear installation outside Tikrit . you be never capture by the mukhbarat escape to Syria . you do not spend three year in the Abu dhan jail . 35 . professor aziz this be absurd . valerie you be not torture . Broken . you do not finally escape and arrive here in Cairo with nothing . professor aziz no . valerie Dr. Al fallari have two daughter . they be take by uday Hussein 's private guard . he never see they again . he stare at the floor . valerie that do not happen . they never exist . he remain motionless . Valerie watch he closely . valerie I need name . of you colleague in the weapon programme . the life of hundred of thousand of you people may depend upon it . he look up at Valerie tear in he eye valerie I know tarif . I know what happen . he walk over to the window . slowly he take off he jacket . his shirt , pull it off over he head and turn he back to she . he 's be mutilate and burn all up he back . slowly he turn . deep scar . burn . professor you know nothing . ext . cairo STREET . dusk . sunset . Traders be pack up . Valerie hurry into -- int . safe house . cairo . dusk . ..up some rickety stair and unlock a graffiti cover door . Inside she take out the notepad , she heart beat fast . on the page , a list of name . 36 . she pull a ruggedize laptop from under the bed and push the plug into a bare wire socket . it fizze . she start to type the name into the computer . CUT to : establishing . rainy langley . day . int . chief of cpd' office . day . mike at he desk . his secretary pop she head round the door . secretary they be back . int . briefing room . day . a analyst sit opposite scooter Libby . he 's so nervous he can barely open he eye . analyst 1 the Iraqis be try to buy the tube off the internet . they spend three million dollar weather - proofing the tube . plus the tube be roughly twice too long . now you could argue that that 's to disguise they , you could see they in half . that 's sixty thousand tube . ( mime saw ) I mean whew . Saddam 's gonna get the mother of all blister .. laugh . Libby stare , unsmile . keeps saw . wish to God he would never start . outside . the door open and the analyst , white as a sheet , come out . a couple of colleague be wait outside . analyst 2 how be it ? analyst 1 do not make joke . analyst 1 drift he way back to he desk . analyst 2 swallow , and disappear into the `interrogation ' room . int . bathroom . day . paul , the chief analyst , come out of the stall . analyst 2 be there , throw up in the sink . 37 . analyst 2 he think I do not know how serious it be .. week and week of fifteen hour day , we have go back over and over it . paul ok . I will handle this . CUT to : scooter listen patiently to paul , the chief analyst . paul and so apart from all the scepticism surround the specification , the analysis from the IAEA which I believe be numbered in the report .. ( stop . change tack ) Mr Libby . Energy department nuclear scientist be among the most boring people on the planet . they can talk about gas centrifuge until you want to jump out of a window . and maybe once every ten year someone come along and say " so , tell I about gas centrifuge " . that 's literally the only time you should listen to this guy . if they say a aluminium tube be not for a gas centrifuge it 's like a fish talk about water . we have be over this data with you now five , six time . and ... we do not really know how you want we to play this .. Libby listen . he nod . wait . libby let I level with you here Paul . I do not know what this tube be for . from everything you be say , there could be something to this , but very likely not , right ? paul exactly . libby May I ask a question ? when you say we do not really know how to play this , what do you mean ? 38 . paul ( stop . turn white ) I be just say I do not know how to say it any other way than that - libby except you do not say ` I ' you say `we ' . so you and the other have discuss how to " play " this briefing . why do the CIA feel the need to play this briefing ? paul no. I mean that .. ok . I do not mean what I just say . libby which part . the last part . or other thing too . paul I be a get a little confuse - libby you want I to come back ? paul no. GOD no . the temperature drop five degree . libby you do not know why I be here do you ? in 1991 the United States invade Iraq , and afterwards weapon inspector discover Saddam be six month off enrich uranium to sufficiently high specification to make a nuclear bomb . he have fissile material . and not a single person at the CIA , from the dci down to the janitor have the slight clue that such a program even exist . so now , one decade on , be you tell I that you be 100 % sure this tube be not intend to create nuclear weapon ? paul i..sir..ok . with intelligence , nothing 's 100 percent . 39 . libby so. what ? be you .. ninety nine percent sure ? ninety eight ? paul you can not put a exact figure . you can not be that precise . libby but if you have to say , could you say you be ninety seven percent sure ? be there a three percent chance you have get this wrong ? or four ? or five ? still pretty good odd . you like that odd Paul ? you willing to put you name to that . be you ready to make that call ? paul I do not make the call , Sir - . libby ( fix he ) yes you do Paul . each time you interpret a piece of data . each time you choose a " maybe " over a " perhaps " you make a call . a decision . and right now you be make lot of little decision add up to a big decision and out there 's a real world where million of people depend upon you be right . but what if there 's a one percent chance you be wrong . can you say for sure you will take that chance and state , as a fact , that this equipment be not intend for a nuclear weapon programme ? the analyst sit freeze . libby do you know what one percent of the population of this country be ? it 's three million , two hundred and forty thousand soul . paul Sir . we be not machine . we .. it .. we look at the evidence , we game it out . not everyone agree all the time . it 's a process . 40 . libby it 's a process . paul yes . libby and not everyone agree . paul exactly . libby who do not agree ? sfx : a volley of gunfire . followed by another . and another . ext . arlington national cemetary . day full military funeral , in the rain . a hundred mourner from langley . some uniform . a coffin drape in the flag CUT to : a hymn be sung . in the bleecher , the analyst from the meeting earlier , pause in the break between verse and squint through the rain at the bank of seat across the grave . over there be the langley top brass . jim pavitt . next to he , GEORGE tenet , dci . next to he ...... of all people .... joe turner , ( the analyst from winpac ) . analyst what the fuck be Joe Turner do next to the dci ? analyst 2 do not you hear ? Friday the dci take he to the White House . he brief the President on aluminum tube . analyst you be fuck kid I . Turner be over there , sing the hymn , rub shoulder with the good and the great . at the back -- Valerie stand with a number of other agent , mike and bill , she Chief . a lone bugler and marine drummer beat out a last post . a widow weep . 41 . bill ( v.o. ) its a dead end . CUT to : Valerie walk with the Chief and other senior agent away from the graveside . bill so we have get a list of name . the mukhbarat watch the scientist night and day . they house be bugge . they friend be follow . tactical commander say we drop in a light weight tac team outside the city . bill you get through the checkpoint and roadblock . you show up in my bedroom in the dead of the night with a armed tac team ask I to help out uncle Sam ? I be go to react unpredictably . tactical commander what about forcible extraction of two or three of the main target ? valerie no . we have get 29 name . I want to get to they all . tactical commander how ? you can not use the inspector . you can not use tac . the wall 's too high Val . what be you go to do . train a mouse ? valerie maybe . int . bedroom . night . Joe open he eye . roll across . he 's alone . int . kitchen , the wilson home . night Joe come downstairs ... Valerie be by the front door , dress , cinched black mack , suitcase . valerie hey , do I wake you up ? 42 . joe it 's three forty five .. valerie I gotta go . I have to be at the airport in forty five minute . Joe , still half - asleep , catch up . joe well ... how long this time ? I mean ... do we need childcare for tomorrow - valerie I leave a post - it by the lamp . its all on the post - it . joe right . its on the post - it . valerie I do not want to wake you . ( sense something ) be you ok ? joe we have be leave post -it for each other for month now .. we talk via Post - it . that fridge be like a dead letter drop . ( stops. laugh ) jesus. listen to I !. I sound like a old ... some - ( he bang the door ) I do not know where you go . who you meet . if you be in some jail , or lie in some ditch in Jordan , Beirut . and if you go miss , I can not tell anyone because you be never there . I would never know what happen . I do not know where you go . valerie I be go to Cleveland . he stop . thunder-robbed . valerie I will be home tonight . ( then ) it 's on the Post - it . 43. she kiss he . they look at one another . joe have a nice day . she shut the door , leave Joe alone . he walk through to the kitchen , look at the fridge , one by one he take all the note off , then , deliberately , drop they in the bin . int . emergency room , euclid clinic , cleveland . day a busy er . a female doctor shake hand with grateful parent . she bend down to talk to a boy , cast on he arm . valerie watch from a distance . ext . suburban home , moreland hill , cleveland . day a car park . the female doctor get out of she car , with grocery bag , and go toward she house . across the STREET -- valerie watch from a park rental . CUT to : as the doctor find the right key , she suddenly turn to see -- valerie Dr. Al haddad ? be there somewhere we can speak ? int . starbucks , shopping mall , suburb of cleveland . night in the foreground some goth kid play with they ipod . in the window , Valerie and Dr. sawsan Al haddad sip coffee . valerie how long be it since you see you brother ? sawsan 1989 . I attend a medical convention over there . before that , in ` 83 , he come here for a engineering conference . twice in twenty five year . we try to stay in contact . it 's difficult . valerie would you like to go back and see he ? sawsan hold she gaze . 44 . sawsan you want I to become a spy . valerie we need to ask sa'ad some question . do you think he would answer they ? sawsan I be a doctor . I work hard . I be also a mother . I have a small girl and I be all she have . valerie we can help you brother . right now he be extremely valuable to we . sawsan and to Saddam . the mukbarat watch he night and day . valerie he could come here sawsan . he 's a expert physicist . he would have a job , he child , he family would be safe . you , you daughter could see he whever you want . sawsan . can you help we ? sawsan I will not do anything to help you . I do not know you . I would only do this for sa'ad . valerie then do it for sa'ad . Valerie watch she . sawsan what would I have to do ? establishing . shimmering cityscape of amman . jordan . night . int . HOTEL lobby . night . westerner mix with mid-Easterner . a tea trolley cross the floor and disappear into a service elevator . int . twelve floor corridor./ HOTEL suite . night . the elevator open and a tea trolley stop outside room 1201 . the door be open by Valerie 's colleague . Ali . it be wheeled inside . as Ali sign , cup of tea be pour . 45 . he carry one into the bedroom and hand it to sawsan , who sit on the edge of a bed wear a long black traditional abaya . there be two other agent there , with Valerie . one of they be hold a notebook .. agent 1 the page of this notebook be fast burn . you write on they like normal , but if you need to destroy they in a emergency .. he whip out a zippo . set fire to one . it 's go in a flash . agent 1 you have two of this in you luggage . now this be the only pen we want you to use .. the other agent show she a pen . agent 2 the ink in this pen be visible for 10 second . only when give the the correct chemical fixative can it be read . sawsan - I be not take any of this . if the mukhbarat find any of this they will do thing to I you cannot imagine . tell I what you need to know . I will memorise it . agent 2 ma'am , we have 50 very specific question , some extremely technical . sawsan you have 206 different bone in you body . do you want they name in english , latin or arabic ? they look to Val for a decision . she can not help but smile . CUT to : later . the agent have go . just sawsan and Valerie . valerie how do you feel ? she 's try to drink she tea , but she 's shaking . Val take she hand and silently grip it . 46 . valerie just remember , if anyone ask you anything , if anyone stop you stay calm and tell the truth . you be just visit you brother . keep it simple and keep to the truth . sawsan except it 's not the truth . how do you do it ? she search Valerie 's face . sawsan how do you be someone you be not ? how do you lie to someone ? to they face . how do you do it ? Valerie look at she . before she can answer we -- CUT to : outside -- Ali check he watch . knock on the door . open it . Valerie and sawsan look up from the edge of bed . ali it 's time . ext . queen alia INTERNATIONAL airport . amman . jordan . a taxi cab stop and sawsan be help out by the driver . from a car across the street -- Valerie watch : sawsan roll she suitcase into the terminal . at the door she glance behind she ... and disappear inside . Ali and Valerie get out the car look every bit like tourist , suitcase , sunglass , guidebook etc . int . queen alia INTERNATIONAL airport . amman . jordan . Valerie and Ali enter the revolve door and follow she at a distance across the shiny beige and gold marble floor . by the the check in desk for the Gulf Air flight to Baghdad stand two moustachioed men in dark suit . Valerie and Ali have stop in a electronic goods store . ali mukhbarat . watch the flight desk on this side . 47 . Valerie aim she zoom lens camera and as if appraise it as a purchase , fire off some shot of the iraqi agent . sawsan reach the desk and be stop by the two man . they watch she talk to the man , hand over she passport . CUT to : the iraqi agent stare at she . he ask a question in arabic no subtitles . sawsan respond . she remain cool , almost disinterested . the man exchange sentence of arabic . back to : Valerie watch from a distance . heart beat . at last they allow sawsan through , she check onto the flight . CUT to : sawsan walk through to board the plane . Valerie watch she finally disappear beneath a huge advertising image . CUT to : int . ali be HOTEL room , grand hyatt . night . Ali kneel on the floor and begin he prayer to Allah . CUT to : cu : sneaker running on a treadmill . a lithe body pushing it . int . gymnasium , grand hyatt amman . night valerie run .. she look at she reflection in the window , and the light beyond . close on her face -- flashback . the HOTEL room earlier : valerie sit on the edge of the bed with sawsan . the answer to she question : valerie you have to know . know why you be lie . and never forget the truth .. back to : Valerie run . she push hard on the treadmill . pour the stress out of she . CNN be on the tv above she . condoleezza rice on wolf blitzer . 48 . television ( real footage ) blitzer we read in the New York Times today a story that say that Saddam Hussein be closer to acquire nuclear weapon . slowly she stop run . turn the volume up .. rice we do know that he be actively pursue a nuclear weapon . that there have be shipment into Iraq of high - quality aluminum tube that be only really suite for nuclear weapon program , centrifuge program .. valerie freeze . CUT to : television ( real footage ) -- fox news sunday with brit hume colin powell and as we see in report just this morning , he be still try to acquire some of the specialize aluminum tub one need to develop centrifuge that would give you a enrichment capability . CUT to : television ( real footage ) -- meet the PRESS . russert aluminium tube ? cheney specifically aluminum tube . there 's a story in the New York Times this morning . I want to attribute the Times . I do not want to talk about specific intelligence source but it 's now public that he have be seek to acquire the kind of tube that be necessary to build a centrifuge . mike ( o.s. ) it 's a coordinate leak .. 49 . int . valerie' room . Valerie on the phone , soak in sweat , watch meet the Press on cable . she 's on the phone to -- -- mike in he office in langley on the phone to valerie : mike someone in the ovp leak to the New York Times and now they be across the network quote the leak . " smoke gun " . " mushroom cloud " . they be use the same word . it 's co-ordinate . valerie I be come home . CUT to : television ( real footage ) blitzer ( on tv ) be Iraq 's regime of Saddam Hussein right now a clear and present danger to the United States ? condoleezza ( on CNN ) there be no doubt that Saddam Hussein 's regime be a danger to the United States and to its ally , to we interest . the problem here be that there will always be some uncertainty about how quickly he can acquire nuclear weapon . but we do not want the smoking gun to be a mushroom cloud . blackout . establishing . charlston terrace . night . from the wilson , a homely glow emanate . int . joe and val' house . night . a dinner party . dirty plate , red wine , late night . Joe , Val and they friend . Joe be prepare to light a cigar . joe wilson ok . number one I always open the window and close the door .. 50 . valerie you can still smell it . joe you want I to roll up a wet towel ? like a teenager smoking in he bedroom . maybe sandbag my study ? valerie joe what 's wrong with the deck ? you use to smoke like crazy when I meet you . joe oh right . Middle of winter . it 's minus ten degree . the whole point - valerie put on a coat . joe Valerie . Steve . help I out . Val . the whole point of a cigar you gotta get a little Winston churchill vibe goin ' . slipper . a crackle fire . steve musty book , slipper . maybe a faithful hound . joe wilson exactly . you can not be freezing you ball off in a goosedown alone in the dark . valerie do not think churchill . think Scott of the Antarctic . joe that 's it . I quit . he toss the cigar down . she kiss he nose . valerie jeff honey Joe that 's terrific it 's about personal choice . news . I be so proud of you . it 's Joe 's personal choice to gas he kid .. joe wilson my father smoke cigar at the dinner table for forty year . and look at I . 51 . Joe feign a cough . laughter . Joe slap he side manfully . CUT to : later -- the conversation have turn to politics . diana steve it be on blitzer and meet it come from the Times . Judy the Press . all over the news . Miller . the New York Times . exactly . sue can I ask a dumb question . what be a aluminum tube ? jeff steve they have the tube Saddam they be for centifuge . for be use to make a bomb . enrich uranium . fred how ? who know what they be ? diana steve everybody know they be . the question be what else do he have ? jeff do you read about this Valerie ? valerie I be in Europe on business last week . I miss it . jeff basically Saddam buy all this tube . and we have nail he . we get they . they be pack with uranium . steve they be not pack with uranium . jeff right . they be for purify it . the bomb come later . it 's how you boil it up it to make the big one . diana fred look out Israel . say who ? it 's a bunch of tube . jeff Joe you know about this stuff , what do you think they be for . this tube . what 's you hunch ? 52 . all eye on Joe . he tale off he glass . make they wait . joe wilson well Jeff . I do not know anything about this tube . I be not qualified . but I suppose the real question here be - bill interrupt , steal Joe 's limelight . fred it 's a pretext ! 50 % of Americans think Saddam blow up the tower - the table erupt in discussion , leave Joe maroon . Valerie spot it instantly , as he brood . diana he 's a threat . you can not tell I he 's not a threat . lisa he 's mad . like Hitler . if we would stop Hitler in the thirty - Joe sit there . fuming . fred he 's not Hitler . he 's Saddam . we put he there . why ? it suite we . he 's we fault . always be . right on cue , Joe round on the hapless fred . joe wilson have you meet he ? Fred . have you meet Saddam ? have you look he in the eye ? do he threaten you ? do he threaten to kill you ? you do not know Saddam . you do not know what you be talk about . Joe get up . Joe walk out . diana jeff so . what 's for dessert ? ( to himself ) " I may be some time " .. valerie fred I be sorry Fred . I think we be just talk . jeff what be this ? meet the Press ? 53. lisa Val 's make a lemon meringue . diana fred yes please . try and stop I . CUT to : Valerie come into the kitchen . Sue follow she . sue mmm ... that smell good . shall I get some bowl . valerie thank sue. bottom cupboard . sue we have a rule at home . no politics at the table . it always end in a squabble . I mean , nobody know what 's go on over there . at the end of the day , who really know ? valerie you be right Sue . who know ? CUT to : int . arrival saddam INTERNATIONAL . day alone , sawsan roll she small suitcase across the polished floor past a group of iraqi soldier . a Saddam - a-like in a dark suit take she passport . his eye bore into she . passport control ( in arabic ) its she . mukhbarat officer Al haddad ? he take she suitcase from she . heart thumping . he lead she out of the queue , down a strip light corridor and into a windowless room in bowel of the airport . mukhbarat officer wait here . he shut the door . sawsan try to control she breathe . CUT to : 54 . hand search through she luggage . they unwrap a frame photograph of sawsan and she daughter , smile . the officer turn it over in he hand . CUT to : the officer return with she bag . drop they on the floor . officer wait here . CUT to : a door open . sawsan appear . on the other side , there stand a tall iraqi man . her relief be enormous . they embrace . sa 'ad how be my little sister ? sawsan sa 'ad ! I be so happy to see you . int / ext . moving car - baghdad street . day sa 'ad drive a batter dusty mercede through the street . sa 'ad I have a friend in security service . I have be a government employee for 25 year , there have to be some advantage . you can wait all day . sawsan smile at she brother . ext . large dilapidated family house , mansour , baghdad . day a extend family of great uncle and aunt , grand child and cousin greet sawsan 's arrival . get out of the car she be surround by hug and tear and laughter . sawsan remove the frame photograph of she and she daughter . it be coo over then give pride of place on the mantel . int . kitchen , al tawfiq house . late at night sawsan and she brother be alone in the kitchen wash up after the big welcome home meal . his five year old daughter watch from the stair , fascinate by she american aunt . sawsan the house look very different . 55 . sa 'ad it 's fall down . in ` 93 they bomb government building here . the foundation be shattered . sawsan sa 'ad I need to speak - he hold up he hand and shake he head . sa 'ad ( speak normally ) .. I have be meaning to repaint the exterior .. saad keep a finger to he lip . fear in he eye . sa 'ad .. but it be difficult to find the time when I be so busy at work .. but the garden be still the same as when we be child . sawsan the garden yes of course , I would like to see they . ext . broken summer house , garden mansour . night sawsan and she brother speak low . he seem very nervous . sawsan they can help you if you get out to the kurdish zone . sa 'ad ( exasperate ) I be watch sawsan . if I drive even twenty minute north of Baghdad they will stop I . sawsan they have give I question for you . sa 'ad what question ? sawsan ( close eye ) how close be you program to a warhead ? when and where be the first test schedule ? how much 235 - grade uranium do you have ? identify other scientist in the program . ( more ) 56 . sawsan ( cont would ) who in the military control the program ? which of the - ( open she eye ) what be it ? sa 'ad stare at she in disbelief . sa 'ad they do not know ? sawsan what sa'ad ? sa 'ad the program be destroy in 1991 . the Americans destroy it , they know that . my god .. what else ? sawsan how advanced be the centrifuge facility ? which method be you use to separate fissile isotope ? sa 'ad this be insane . we do not have spare part to keep a tank on the road . I have to work at a plant which develop fertilizer . they know . the inspector be back . they know this . they must know . int . dulle airport security . day traveller throng . all nationality . come and go . Joe queue at security , hold he shoe in one hand and a briefcase in the other . a tv screen nearby burble over : president ( on screen ) know this reality , America must not ignore the threat gather against we . facing clear evidence of peril , we cannot wait for the final proof -- the smoking gun -- that could come in the form of a mushroom cloud .. int . langley basement . night . Ali come in to Valerie . put a file on she desk . ali you need to see this .. 57 . int . logan INTERNATIONAL airport . day it 's snow heavily . Joe be meet by a man in he 20 . student Mr Wilson . Jason Neal . how be you flight ? CUT to : int . corridor . night . Ali follow valerie down the corridor . she have the file . valerie we need Mike to see this . and Bill . CUT to : int . university of boston franklin theater . night . applause . Joe sit on stage with three academic type . in the hundred seater auditorium , just a couple dozen or so student . professor ambassador Wilson be the last american diplomat to meet with Saddam Hussein . in 1990 , when Saddam threaten to execute anyone shelter foreigner , Wilson appear at a press conference wear a noose around he neck , declare , " if the choice be to allow Americans to be take hostage or be execute , I will bring my own fuck rope . " Saddam back down and Wilson evacuate several thousand . he come home and be take to the oval Office where the President introduce he to the War cabinet as a american hero . joe that 's not quite true . it be not the oval Office it be the Roosevelt room . laughter . int . corridor . cpd . langley . day Valerie walk with mike and ali , briefing he . 58 . valerie sawsan 's brother work with five hundred scientist at the safa factory . in ` 91 it be blanket bomb by b52s . Hussein kamel , Saddam 's son in law , keep the scientist together , threaten to kill they if they try to leave . but sanction destroy the economy , and when kamel be execute in ` 95 , the team just drift apart . they be all say the same thing Mike . everyone . back to : the auditorium . a nervous history major stand . student do Saddam pose a imminent threat to National Security ? joe I have not see the intelligence . I be not qualified to comment . we have intelligence service work hard to assess just this . but I have meet Saddam . I have look he in the eye , so I can tell you what I see . during a particularly vicious period of bloodlett in the late eighty , Saddam be ask by he foreign minister why he have execute a certain official who have be a loyal supporter . he say he would rather kill a friend in error than allow a enemy to live . for I , that be the mark of a monster . voice - sergeant at arm Mr speaker , the President of the United States ! int . house of representatives . night . through a scrum of pump - up Representatives , a exalt George Walker Bush make he way to the podium . 59 . president Mr. speaker , vice President Cheney , member of Congress , distinguished guest , fellow citizen : every year , by law and by custom , we meet here to consider the state of the union . this year , we gather in this chamber deeply aware of decisive day that lie ahead . int . logan airport . night . student we would like you to have this coffee mug . and some pennant . for you kid . thank you so much for come and speak to we . Joe shake the kid 's hand and walk towards departure . int . logan airport . night . Joe walk underneath a tv screen play : president ( on tv ) we know that Iraq and the al Qaeda terrorist network share a common enemy -- the United States of America ... Joe look up at departure : " aa22 dulle . cancelled . " resigned , he look at he watch . int . pavitt' office . night . valerie , mike , ali , bill all sit in jim pavitt 's office . pavitt so you get thirty nuclear scientist interrogate by Iraqis , inside Iraq , who be all say the same thing . bill Jim , this people take a great risk - pavitt to bring we what ? I could have save we the air-fare - bill the White House be get stovepiped . ( more ) 60 . bill ( cont would ) someone be cherry pick raw data and serve it up to the press as fact . and then they look to we to confirm it . it 's bullshit . jim pavitt ( with intent ) you know we can bark about this all night . but that 's all we be do . barking . you , I , all of we .. we be guard dog . we can bark and bark , but at the end of the day , someone 's gotta listen . because it 's not we house . even if it be on fire . CUT to : a tv in the corner of the Starbucks concession play : president ( on tv ) today the gravest danger face America and the world be outlaw regime that seek and possess nuclear , chemical and biological weapon . joe wilson can I get a american please . just a regular american ? president ( on tv ) U.S. intelligence indicate that Saddam Hussein have upwards of 30,000 munition capable of deliver chemical agent . Joe glance at the tv as he pay . joe wilson thank you . president ( on tv ) from three iraqi defector we know that Iraq , in the late 1990 , have several mobile biological weapon lab . CUT to : Joe sit amongst strand passenger , most asleep . on tv : the President . Joe sip he coffee . grimace . he look tired . 61 . president ( on tv ) the International Atomic Energy Agency confirm in the 1990 that Saddam Hussein have a advanced nuclear weapon development program , and be work on five different method of enrich uranium for a bomb . the british government have learn that Saddam Hussein recently seek significant quantity of uranium from Africa . joe stare , motionless , at the screen . the only one awake . president ( on tv ) we intelligence source tell we that he have attempt to purchase high - strength aluminum tube suitable for nuclear weapon production . Joe do not blink . president ( on tv ) this nation fight reluctantly , because we know the cost , and we dread the day of mourn that always come . we seek peace . we strive for peace . and sometimes peace must be defend . public address lady and gentlemen Flight 22 to dulle be board immediately at Gate 20 . we apologize for the delay due to adverse weather condition - everybody wake up . start to move . Joe stay seat . president we Americans have faith in ourselves , but not in ourselves alone . we do not claim to know all the way of Providence , yet we can trust in they , place we confidence in the loving god behind all of life and all of history . May he guide we now , and may God continue to bless the United States of America . thank you . joe be motionless . alone . stare at the screen . CUT to : 62 . int . langley mess . day . with some colleague , Valerie in the mess watch -- colin powell' performance in New York at the U.N. aluminium tube . yellowcake . the nuclear program . she watch motionless . she look at Mike . int . sa 'ad' house . baghdad . night . sa 'ad sit in he kitchen while he wife play with the child next door . he be watching the same thing : Colin Powell in the u.n . he catch he wife 's eye through the open door . slowly he shake he head . we eye move off - across the tv - past the photo of sawsan and daughter - out of the window to the street outside . cars. bus . stall . Children play . the end of a long day . slowly the shot decays in a time dissolve to night -- three month later -- in the full force of a air-raid . many of the same building be go . the whole world shake and tremble as a paveway ge101 laser guide bomb streak in and impact .. dust. shrapnel . Cars on fire . a vision of utter hell . a figure -- dart between burning car , clutching a bag of food , amid the firestorm . he disappear into we building . we eye leave the street - back inside : sa 'ad burst in as - another missile land nearby . the building shake . the picture of sawsan shift . Dust fall like fine rain over the small kitchen . sa 'ad unpack food on the rickety table . under it , he wife , child cower . he pass down bread . cheese . the baby be cry . there be a knock at the door . on the other side be two man . sa 'ad what you do ? they be watch - scientist no one 's watch . not anymore . I think the secret Police have they hand full . 63. scientist 2 we be free . free to be blow to smithereen . sa 'ad least no mukbarat get to watch it . they all laugh at the gallow humor . and hug sa 'ad it 's good to see you , my dear fellow doctor ... CUT to : sa 'ad child , sleep in bunk . CUT to : next door . the three nuclear scientist be drink tea at the same table . sa 'ad my sister say the Americans could get we over the border . scientist and you trust they ? open you eye . scientist 2 and you ear . you american friend be call you right now . the rumble of the now distant bomb . small arm fire . sa 'ad it 's we only hope . CUT to : int . parking lot . langley . night . bill , Valerie 's chief walk to he car . Valerie shout after - valerie Bill . wait up . CUT to : they talk by he car . Valerie be agitate . 64 . bill Val , every mobile Exploration team be comb the desert look for WMD . I can not - valerie bill all I need 's a couple unit we be at full stretch Val . to bring this man and they listen to I .. family into Camp lima and on a air transport into annandale . bill say we extract this guy . bring `em home . put `em on CNN . what be they go to tell we that the White House want to hear ? " thank you oh and by the way there be no nuclear programme . there 's no WMD . ps you all know that . " you want I to go to the dci , ask he to sign off on he own funeral ? valerie I give my word Bill . bill that 's not my problem . I get bigger problem . they stare at each other . Valerie shake she head . bill why do you do this job ? the paycheck ? the holiday package . no. to make a difference . to act . to protect people . then one day you realize you be not superman . sometimes you fail . he get in the car , reverse , and drive away . int . langley . night . Valerie hurry through the building . valerie hold the elevator please . int . mike' office , counter proliferation dept . night . Valerie be pace . Mike be sit . 65 . valerie what the fuck be go on Mike . it 's like , if there be a baby on the ledge up on seventh , no - one would get up and save it in case the White House want it there . mike Bill 's right . this be just one snafu in a thousand we get right now . the scientist be - valerie this scientist be the WMD . if we can not protect they , they will run to the first country who can . and they will put they to work . Mike look at she . mike I never say this . if anyone ask , I deny any knowledge . ( then ) how quietly can you do this ? CUT to : a 40 something heavy set woman walk past she down the corridor . Valerie jog after she . valerie Beth ! who do you have in Baghdad ? I need to get a rg - 17 to a asset in Mansour . beth why do not you guy to do it ? valerie I be ask you . ext . ruined street , mansour . baghdad . night sa 'ad , run press himself against a shrapnel pock wall as a US army humvee blast hiphop music pass . he run low across the street and over a wall into a garden . sa 'ad I need to know my family will be safe . 66 . int . boarded up CIA safe - house , mansour . baghdad . night sa 'ad sit at a table , speak into a rg - 17 secure satphone with two liaison officer . sa 'ad my wife , my child . they be all I care about . int . the ctc counter terrorism control room . langley . day Valerie sit in the communication room with Beth . valerie sa'ad , I know that . we will take care of you family . but we have to move fast . sa 'ad how do I know I can trust you ? valerie sa'ad . do exactly as I say , we will not let you down . int . state dept office in old executive build - night . a man sit foot up on he desk talk on the phone . pete so how 's Val ? be she there ? put she on .. CUT to : joe sit in he study , on the phone . joe she 's fine . she 's work late . pete Val 's work late . I be work late . you do not see a pattern here ? you know she find I devastatingly attractive - joe yeah . well if you see she say hi . ( he stop ) listen Pete . I have a question . and it 's real important . back to : 67 . the state department . people come and go . at he desk , pete listen . joe wilson ( o.s. ) be the President be refer to another African country ? pete I have see the inr . it 's niger . he 's refer specifically to yellowcake from niger . why ? Joe listen . it sink in . CUT to : Pete listen nodd . his expression grow darker and darker . pete uh huh .. I see .. I see . ( he listen ) what exactly be you propose to do Joe ? joe' study joe wilson I do not know . I do not know what to do . pete ( he take off he glass ) you want my advice ? do nothing . you already do you job . you do you best . you come home . end of story . joe wilson niger pete. yellowcake from niger . Pete look around . speak low . pete look . I do not have to go all the way to Africa to know something 's fuck up here . Three month and what have we find ? no centrifuge . no yellowcake . no bio . no WMD . you think something 's up here . join the queue . join the line stretch all the way from State to the Pentagon and back . joe wilson so why have no one 's come forward ? 68 . pete why you think Joe ? we go to war . ( he pull back ) listen . you be a smart guy . as you friend , now . just . be smart here . I mean .. you have a wife and a family . joe wilson it 's the White House Pete . it 's the President of the United States . pete yes it be Joe . now go take a long look in the mirror and say that again . Joe put the phone down . upstair he can hear a child cry . CUT to : thunder . rain streaming down a bedroom window . one of the twin be asleep . the other stand in she cot . Joe scoops she up . jiggles she and comfort she . lay she back down . CUT to : Joe come down the stair . in the hall -- coat on , soaking , Valerie . she look beat . joe hey . be you ok ? Valerie do not move . she stand there . then -- joe what 's wrong Val ? valerie nothing . I be just tired .. joe what the matter .. what happen ? Valerie shake she head slowly . valerie I be fine . be the kid asleep . joe yeah . they be asleep . valerie ok . I be go to bed . 69 . Joe watch she slowly walk up the stair . then stare at the space where she be just stand . BUSH ( on tv ) let I finish .. no. let I finish . Joe look at the tv . he set he jaw . BUSH ( on tv ) there be some who feel like that , the condition be such that they can attack we there . my answer be bring them on . . CUT to : computerize letter appear on a screen . pixellate extreme close up : Joe write : " what I do not find in Africa " . close up on joe do the Bush administration manipulate intelligence to justify a invasion of Iraq ? " the photograph of joe and GEORGE hw BUSH " the act of war be the last option of a democracy " the globe in two halve " more than 200 american soldier have lose they life in Iraq already . " joe stop . he finger hover ..... then type . " we have a duty to ensure that they sacrifice come for the right reason . " close on : joe sit at he desk . motionless . we move in . joe hit ` send ' . he stare at the screen . blackout . establishing -- white house . day . a long line of satellite broadcast vehicle . a reporter talk to camera . other in the background , do the same . 70 . int . scooter libby' office , old executive build . day . Libby read Joe 's article : " what I do not find in Africa " . he look out at a line of satellite broadcast vehicle . CUT to : outside .. reporter retired ambassador Joe Wilson yesterday claim in a piece in the New York Times that the President mispoke in he State of the Union address in January , concern claim that Saddam seek 500 ton of yellowcake from niger . Wilson , who be act ambassador in Iraq during the first Gulf War , say - int . PRESS briefing room . day . fleischer , on defence , before a pack house , buzzing . everyone have Joe 's article . mr. fleischer : look . there 's zero , nada , nothing , new here . the President 's statement in the State of the Union be much broad than the niger question . journalist be the President 's statement correct ? fleischer : yes , I see nothing that go broad that would indicate that there be no basis to the President 's broad statement . but specifically on the yellow cake , the yellow cake for niger , we have acknowledge that that information do turn out to be a forgery . journalist 2 the President 's statement be accurate ? fleischer : we see nothing that would dissuade we from the President 's broad statement . 71 . journalist so you believe the british report be true ? mr. fleischer : I be sorry ? int . card office . day . Card be at he desk , watch the briefing on tv . card uh-oh . back to : mr. fleischer : sorry , I see what David be ask . let I back up on that and explain the President 's statement again .. int . hadley' office . day . hadley come out of he office , put on he jacket . hadley Linda . clear my morning . back to : journalist so it be wrong ? fleischer let I do this , David . on you specific question I be go to come back to you . the reporter leap to they foot in uproar .. int . rove's office . day . Rove , tv on , hold the article , scream into the telephone . rove what be that tit-fuckin ' homo fleischer do to we ? call Mary . call scooter . call hadley . we need to get a hold of this . now ! int . lobby outside scooter's office . day . scooter come out of he office . unruffle . cathie Martin be wait . they walk and talk . 72 . martin libby fleischer ploughed the I see . briefing - martin - CBS know yellowcake be pull from cincinnatti ten week ago at the cias request . they also have that gerson write both speech . Karl be on line one . he 's unhappy - libby I want a transcript of everything across network , blog and print cite ambassador Wilson , niger or yellowcake . I want hadley to meet I in the vp 's office in five minute . and tell Karl I will be in my office straight after I be do . I have something . he go into the vice President 's office . int . outside scooter libby' office . day . later . silence . the secretary , tense . type . int . scooter libby' office . day . inside . karl rove stand opposite Libby , stare . Libby finish read something . silence . libby this have become a trust issue for the President . we can not get behind this . we need to change the story . they look at one another in silence . then -- rove who be Joe Wilson ? int . west wing . night . Libby come out of he office . he walk round the corner to Rove 's office . Rove 's secretary be still there . libby Linda . you still here . it 's late .. CUT to : a piece of paper be put on a desk . Rove pick it up . Libby wathes he read . Rove put the paper down . 73. rove we can not do this . Libby nod . libby so who can ? blackout . establishing -- charleston terrace . day . a 15 year old cyclist hurl newspaper into front yard . int . bedroom . day . Valerie sit on the bed in a towel . Joe drop the newspaper onto it . fold open on a article . " mission to niger " . valerie ( reading ) the CIA 's decision to send retire diplomat Joseph c. Wilson to Africa - joe wilson further down . valerie Wilson never work for the CIA , but he wife , Valerie plame .. joe " be a agency operative on weapon of mass destruction . " it hit she like a wave . she brace . it do not pass . joe they just go ahead and do it . valerie do this run overseas ? valerie joe the column . novak 's column . if it 's in the paper it 's on be he syndicate overseas ? the net . its everywhere . Valerie ? Valerie get up and walk out . CUT to : Valerie , dress , leave the house . 74 . joe Valerie . where be you go ? ext . wilson house . day . Valerie walk outside . in the window across the street , she neighbour stare straight at she . Valerie look ahead . her eye flick to the Paper on a neighbour lawn : the Wall Street Journal . neighbour ( o.s. ) Morning Valerie ! another neighbour get in he car wave . he 's throw when she do not reply . Val start she car and drive . he watch . int / ext . valerie' car ( moving ) . day Valerie stare straight ahead , hand grip the wheel . we watch she . Close . her drive intercut with she thought . flash - the Associated Press news bureau add she story to the bullet - feed . flash - a ap feed wind around a newspaper news room . flash - the Reuters office in geneva pick up the story . flash - a bloomberg ticker she name . back to : valerie , death white , drive along the georgetown reservoir . flash - huntingdon Valley Public Library , a man tear the page out of a high school year book . flash - microfiche search of photo of embassy event with Joe and Valerie as guest . a grease pencil mark one where she can be see . back to : turn away from the canal and speed over the potomac , she fish in she glove compartment . find a pad . a pencil and start write name on a pad . still drive . flash - Valerie next to she husband in black tie shake hand with a visit dignitary . a camera bulb go off . she eyeball the cameraman for a moment . Valerie turn onto the 120 freeway . the pad fall into the footwell . she reach down and she -- 75 . same hand - reach to shake hand with flash - different people in different country , dinner with diplomat , meeting with captain of industry , conference in far flung corner of the world . hand . face . smile . each become a photograph on a file . flash - Valerie shaking hand with mr.tabir in he kuala lumpur mansion . him smile , mouth word silently . flash - a stock market ticker . in he office , tabir be show a blow up of a grainy photograph of Valerie and hafiz . int . director of operation office . day . Valerie sit stock still in front of a large desk at langley . the door open . the director of operation enter with a fifty something woman . he sit at the desk . she sit next to he . behind her -- in the corner , sit a third man . he do not speak . director of operation good morning . please .. sit down . valerie good morning sir. ma'am . director of operation work backwards , we need a matrix of everyone you have come into contact with in a covert capacity back to January 2001 . valerie I have already start a list sir. director of operation good . we need to get a idea .. fast , of how much this thing bleed . valerie Sir , I have several live op at crucial stage , people in the field in critical window of operation - bill ( interrupt ) one thing at time . make a list . then come back here . do not do anything else . she open she mouth . nothing come out . 76 . valerie Sir , why be Internal security here ? bill to help we . to help you , and we conduct this damage assessment . behind she , the Internal security guy stand . int . corridor . day . Valerie come out , follow by security . she go leave . internal security this way please . she turn and follow he . as she pass desk , she can feel people look at she . the news have spread fast . int . empty office . day Valerie enter a empty office . the door be close behind she . on the desk be a notepad and a telephone . she sit . she pick up the phone . the phone be not connect . she sit stare at the blank page . suddenly -- she get up and walk out . at the end of the corridor : the Internal security guy follow . internal security ms plame . valerie go into the elevator .. internal security ms plame . he break into a run . the door close on he . int . cpd office , basement , langley . day . Valerie come out of the elevator and walk fast . people look at she . her colleague . eye . whisper . all around . burst into she office , she sit . start type fast . she try to access she Joint Task Force database . on the screen -- access denied -- internal security ( o.s. ) Ms. plame . 77 . the internal security stand outside . Valerie look up . she see Mike pass the doorway . valerie Mike . we need to get a message to Baghdad . sa 'ad and he family be be take to the border today . I have to get word to they . internal security watch he closely . mike I do not what you be talk about .. valerie Mike . they be pack and ready . ( she stop . appeal ) Mike you know what this mean . mike sorry . I have to go . he go inside and close he door . bill ( o.s. ) Valerie . her chief be stand there . he beckon she into he office . she approach . the Internal Security guy try to join they . Bill put a hand to he chest . bill go fuck yourself . he close the door in he face . inside bill sit down Valerie . I have just be on the seventh floor . as of this morning all cpd operation involve you have be suspend . effective immediately you be to have no further contact with asset or agent in the field . any further involvement in operation be no longer possible . valerie Bill . I have eight , nine team in the field . we have asset in kuala lumpur . Dubai . Mumbai . 78 . she stop . the penny drop . she change tack . valerie I need to brief my replacement in the Joint Task Force . bill the head of the jtfi 's identity be classified for reason of operational security . the shutter come down . Valerie open she mouth . valerie I have a critical operation in Baghdad in a major ongoing - bill Val . it 's over . int . charleston terrace . day . the child be play with power ranger in the lounge . in the kitchen Joe , at home , speak on the phone . tv be on . joe " two senior administration official tell I that Wilson 's wife suggest send he to niger " that mean a vice President , a chief of staff or top advisor .. ( hearing the front door ) I gotta go . he hang up . Valerie enter . the twin run out of the lounge towards she . she go into mom mode . valerie hey guy . give mommy a kiss . trevor samantha mommy ! mommy . trevor will not let I borrow he power Ranger . valerie well , do you say " please " ? samantha I say please . it 's not fair . they go into the kitchen . Joe follow . the kid fight for she attention to show drawing they have do . 79 . trevor joe I draw a clown and a there 's a 1982 act state scarecrow . it 's a crime for a government official to intentionally valerie disclose a covert agent . let 's see . carry a fine of fifty thousand dollar and or up to ten year in jail . valerie wow . that be one cool scarecrow . ( to samantha ) do not eat that Sam . it 's a crayon . it 's icky . give it to mommy . Joe watch she . he can see the tension of she face . joe wilson how do it go ? the phone ring . she freeze . joe it 's be ringing all day . valerie do not pick it up . who have you speak to ? Joe , who have you speak to ? joe wilson hello ? ( he hold the phone out ) it 's Lisa . Valerie look blind sided . joe ok who want to watch tv ? scoops they up and leave we with Val . she compose herself . valerie hello ? int . georgetown apartment . day . Val 's friend Lisa be in she lounge . her kid be play . lisa Val . be you ok ? what go on ? back to : 80 . valerie Lisa . yes . I read it . listen - ( she steel herself ) I be sorry .. I can not talk about this . I can not .. I can not make a comment on this right now . back to : Lisa 's apartment . another angle . two other friend . wrapt . lisa you can not make " a comment " ? Val . you name be in the paper . it say you be a CIA agent . next door -- the kide watch tv . valerie I have to go . I be sorry . I will call you tomorrow . valerie hang up . Joe be stand there . joe you mom call . and you uncle . and janey call from Chicago . I write they down . ( then ) and andrea Mitchell call . she say White House source say that quote " the real story here be not the sixteen word but Wilson and he wife " . would I care to comment ? yeah I fuckin ' would care to comment . she want I on the show day after tomorrow . valerie I do not want you to go on tv . int . television studio . day . Joe sit stiffly on the set . a make - up artist apply powder to he nose . floor manager go in thirty second . 81 . joe on NBC nightly news joe this be clearly design as a shot across the bow to that who might step forward , that unnamed analyst who say they be pressured by the White House would think twice about have they own family name be drag through this particular mud . CUT to : joe on CNN . joe I be send to niger at the request of the vice President . I be not send by my wife . the issue here be not who send I here be whether a crime have be commit . joe on meet the PRESS . anchor you be say a crime be commit joe it be a crime to reveal the identity of a covert agent work in the employ of this nation intelligence agency . this be now a matter for the justice department Pete . joe on crossfire joe the justice department need to establish whether that in the highest Office seek to destroy the career of a public servant to punish I for speak the truth . real footage - whitehouse PRESS room the new Press Secretary , Scott mcclennan , field question . mclennan first of all , that be not the way this White House operate . ( more ) 82. mclennan ( cont would ) the President expect everyone in he administration to adhere to the high standard of conduct . no one would be authorize to do such a thing . reporter will the President move aggressively to see if such a transgression have occur in the White House ? CUT to : a television . president this be a very serious matter , we administration take it seriously . I have get all the confidence the justice Department will do a good , thorough job . I want there to be full participation , because , April , I be most interested in find out the truth . int . kitchen . day . the kid be eat breakfast , act up . Valerie be make breakfast . the phone ring . joe ( on phone ) Valerie . turn on MSNBC . int . MSNBC tv studio . day . Joe leave the building . the news be on a bank of tvs . MSNBC valerie a team of federal honey , mommy 's try to investigator have be listen to the tv . assemble by Attorney General John Ashcroft as part of a probe to investigate the alleged leak of a covert CIA agent 's identity to the press .. joe wilson they have launch a investigation . Ashcroft just announce it . they be say he 's go to convene a grand jury . 83. valerie I have to go . samantha 's cry . CUT to : Joe out on the street . get into he car . joe wilson I will be home later . I gotta go over to Fox . they want I to comment on the investigation . valerie Joe - joe wilson we have to fight this Val . if we do not push back . he look at he phone . joe I have another call . I have to go . valerie ( exasperate ) Joe - he 's go . she put the phone down . back to : in the car , joe take the other call . joe Joe Wilson . CHRIS matthews Joe , its Chris matthews . I just speak to Karl Rove . he tell I " Wilson 's wife be fair game " . he go still . diana ( o.s. ) so when do you join ? int . busy georgetown restaurant . day . waiter hurry about . Valerie sit with she friend , diana . valerie ` 84 . straight out of college . 84 . diana Jenny say it make a weird kind of sense . everyone say Valerie 's a great listener . ask lot of question . about you job . about Steve or the kid . valerie I have no plan for this day . right now it feel like I be .. everything be smashed into a million piece . it 's like I be suddenly in this - diana ( interrupt ) why do you do it ? valerie what ? Valerie be still . diana every conversation . for twenty year . thousands of phone-calls . you lie to I on every single one . nineteen year . birthdays . my wedding . you be my best friend Val . diana have tear in she eye . valerie diana . I know it 's hard to understand , but it .. they look at each other . Valerie really struggle . then : valerie it become normal . diana normal . valerie I know this be strange for you . and you may not feel like it 's , but I need you right now . because I be - diana what ? what be you ? my ol ' pal Val ? ( Valerie be silent . ) I have photo . hundred and hundred of photograph with this person . and .. ( more ) 85 . diana ( cont would ) I be sit here , and I know the face , I have know it half my life . what else do I know ? who be you ? Valerie sit there , very still . int / ext . car ( moving ) . day . Valerie drive home past the Capitol , still . the car pull up at the playgroup . Valerie get out and sleep - walk into the building . she join a small group of mother watch through glass door , they child play . one of the mother nudge another and whisper something . they both look at Valerie , who tense . through the glass her kid put they coat on and come out . Valerie put on a bright smile . kneel to hug they . valerie ( brightly ) hey guy . how be you day ? she carry they out , watch by the other mother . ext . charlston terrace . day . Valerie bussle the kid out of the car . a neighbor be mow he lawn . she tense as he slow he pace to study she . another neighbor , search for he key stop and watch she too , as she take the kid into the house . int . wilson house . day . Valerie and the kid come inside . the phone be ringing . valerie hello . ( silence . ) hello . ( silence ) phone you husband be a fuck communist . I hope you die you fuck communist whore . she put the phone down . frozen . shake . 86 . samantha ( o.s. ) mommy . trevor will not let I go on he tractor . all at once , the facade crumble . valerie close she eye and be wrack with sob . when she open they Sam be terrify . samantha mommy . valerie it 's ok honey . mommy 's just tired . she hug she . crying . samantha stroke she mom 's hair . int . kide bedroom , wilson house . night . Valerie read a storybook to she twin . valerie so the caterpillar build a cocoon and it stay safe inside for week . and when it emerge it be a beautiful butterfly .. CUT to : she close the door on she sleep child . she go next door into -- int . valerie and joe' bedroom . night she go into she closet . remove a box . then she tap a code into a small safe and remove another box . alone , Valerie open the first box . photograph of herself with she friend . at college . people 's wedding . birthdays . Valerie and she girlfriend all smile back at we . holiday with the same friend . on a hen night . she open the second box : different currency . credit card , photo of she with different people . half a dozen passport . american . a couple canadian . EU . she look at the photo . different name . Hair colour . she put they back in the box . carefully , and shut the lid tight shut . she look at herself in the mirror . the doorbell ring and Valerie get up . CUT to : valerie open the front door . stand there be sawsan . valerie sawsan . what be you do here ? 87 . sawsan you name and address be all over the web . there 's even a picture of you house .. Valerie try to take this in . sawsan step forward -- sawsan sa 'ad have disappear . his wife , he child be miss . my uncle in Mansour . he say they be target they . they be kill they .. valerie who ? sawsan sa 'ad 's colleague . Dr habbuck be shot dead in the street . Dr falli be murder in he hallway . they be kill they . valerie sawsan , listen to I - sawsan I know you can not tell I where he be . just tell I you have he . I beg you . please . I do not need to know anything . just tell I he 's safe .. he 's my little brother . please . if you have he , if he 's somewhere ... ( she start to cry . ) please . please , I beg you . do you have he . I have to know . Valerie speak quietly . valerie we do not have he . sawsan close she eye . she sob . sawsan you say he would be safe . you say we would help . you promise - valerie approach . sawsan withdraw . sawsan I trust you . 88. she turn she back and walk away . leave Valerie alone . CUT to : ext . STREET in georgetown suburb . night Valerie 's boss mike be watch tv with he wife and kid and she mother , when the doorbell ring . he get up . the front door open . Valerie be stand there . mike Valerie . what be you do here ? Mike step forward and close he front door . Mike glance up and down the street . CUT to : a garage door open . Valerie and Mike step into he garage and fluorescent light flicker on to reveal box of Christmas decoration etc - valerie falli . habbuck . who else ? mike Valerie - valerie who else Mike ? mike I do not know what you be talk about . she fix he . eventually he shrug . mike ( he shrug ) you be right . it 's all about the scientist . we make a call . valerie a call ? mike we pass you case file to liason . you know yourself we be not great at this stuff . ( off she shock ) Val , mossad be already on the same page . ( more ) 89 . mike ( cont would ) they have be try to hunt this guy down since the invasion . valerie you have .. ( she stop . look at he . ) we be kill they . we be kill the scientist . mike Valerie - valerie you will drive they underground . they will run straight to Iran . Pakistan . mike Valerie . this be not you problem anymore . valerie it 's not my problem . it 's not my problem . how can you sleep when you know - mike ( with purpose ) I sleep just fine . now Carol 's mother be here . I be go to have to ask you to leave . valerie it 's call counter - proliferation , Mike . she turn and walk out . ext . STREET . night . Valerie get in she car . shake . shut the door . she hold she head in she hand and start to sob . we hear the sound of a crowd cheer .. int . seattle forum . day . Joe Wilson be on a panel before a crowd of about a thousand . 90 . joe wilson at the end of the day , it 's of keen interest to I to see whether or not we can get Karl Rove frog - march out of White House in handcuffs . and trust I when I use that name , I measure my word . cheer . applause . Joe look defiant . CUT to : joe meeting he public . pumping hand . a warm show of support . supporter we come all the way from Portland for this . joe you support mean everything to we . really . supporter 2 you be a true american hero . joe the real heroes be in Iraq right now fight a war which be prosecute on lie and falsehood . a quick montage of Joe be fete . it end with Joe in a huddle with a dozen or so supporter . joe my wife and I have never seek publicity . but I know when I tell she about how much support there be here today , I know how thrilled and humble she will be . ext . WASHINGTON monument . day . a bright DC day . jogger . lunchtime office worker . Valerie walk alone through the park . she sit down on a bench next to jim pavitt . pavitt thank you for come here today . I want to convey my outrage to you in person . in all my experience , nothing have disgust I like this business . ( more ) 91 . pavitt ( cont would ) I know it 's not easy for you , but I want you to know how much the agency appreciate you silence in the light of this matter . we know how damaging this have be to you . we can not afford for this knife fight to go on any longer . valerie I get death threat every day . people threaten to kill my husband . hurt my child . I go to the agency and I request security to protect my family . it be decline . because quote " my circumstance fall outside budget protocol . " if this be a knife fight , right now , Sir - we be fight it alone . pavitt start to chuckle . pavitt Joe Wilson versus the White House . well , all I can say be good luck . but as a friend , I feel I should tell you that that men.. he point down the hill at the White House . pavitt that few man in that building over there , that small white house , be the most powerful man in the history of the world . how much of a stretch do you think it would be for they to take on Joe Wilson ? he look at she . pavitt Joe 's out there on he own Valerie . but I know we can trust you . speak to you husband . he turn and walk off , leave she alone , look at the White House . int . kitchen . night Joe and Valerie be have supper . the tv be on in the background . Joe be energize . Valerie be quiet . 92 . tv ( matt frei ) the nightmare scenario of a attack on a major city be as real , if not more real , than it be a year ago .. joe wilson tucker carlson say yesterday that Wilson 's wife send he on a boondoggle . Said I need the work . who need to work for free ? niger do have restaurant . the Opera . remind I alot of Paris . rumsfeld on tv we know if we do not fight the terrorist over there in Iraq , in Afghanistan and across the world , we will have to face they here . joe wilson someone from vanity Fair call . they want to do a piece on we . cover-story . five thousand word . in - depth interview . photograph of the two of we . what do you think ? valerie what do I think ? do I want my photograph in vanity Fair ? be that the question ? joe wilson news we have to keep this as high in Baghdad today , co - profile as possible . we have ordinate car bomb kill to keep fight . 175 in what be be call the worst day of insurgent violence in month ... valerie I be go to bed . joe wilson Val ... what 's wrong ? what do I say ? valerie my name be everywhere , Joe . my real name . everywhere . all this publicity and noise and fight talk , where be it get we ? joe Karl Rove tell the Financial Times they be roll the earth mover over Joe Wilson . quote . ( more ) 93. joe ( cont would ) Earth mover . well I be sorry but they do not get I without a fight . not without a big fuck fight they do not . valerie it 's the White House Joe . you seriously think you can pick a fight with the White House and win . they will bury we . joe wilson they will bury we if we do not . how loud can you shout Val ? say we get in a argument you think you be right , and I think you wrong . you start make you point with all you might , and I start shouting back , except I be the White House , and I can a shout a million time louder . do that make I right ? they lie Val . that 's the truth . valerie by the time they be finish here you will not know what that be . CUT to : reporter on tv today special prosecutor Patrick fitzgerald , in charge of the enquiry into the leak of the identity of a covert agent announce that he be conven a Grand jury to investigate the affair . among the blizzard of subpoena issue be one for the vice President 's chief of staff scooter Libby , and special advisor to the President Karl Rove . both man be under suspicion of have leak the agent 's name to reporter in order to damage former ambassador Joseph Wilson , a vocal and combative critic of the administration . it be believe that the President himself have be question under oath by the FBI . int . white house . day . karl rove walk down a corridor past Libby 's secretary . 94 . rove scooter home ? CUT to : rove enter . Libby look up from he desk . rove scooter . Karl toss a heavy document onto the desk . libby what 's that ? rove finding of the Select Committee on Intelligence . all five hundred page and eleven page of it . libby be I go to enjoy it ? rove I know someone who be not . Libby smile . ext . park . day . a military parade . Three hundred eighteen year old recruit . Fresh . immaculate . shine in the morning sun . trevor look at the soldier mommy . look ! valerie and the twin join the small crowd and watch . Valerie watch the american flag lower , fold , and stow . CUT to : ext . children' playground in the park . day . the twin be play on a slide . Valerie sit on a bench . when she look back , she see Joe approach across the playground . he greet the kid , hugging they .. joe go and play now . and he walk over to Valerie on the bench . 95 . valerie hey . Joe carry a heavy brown manilla envelope . from it he remove a thick wad of paper and drop it on the bench . valerie what 's that ? joe wilson that be the Senate Select Committee on Intelligence . on page thirty six it say " the former ambassador 's wife offer up he name " and include a memorandum write by Valerie plame which say quote " my husband have good relation with both the prime minister and the former Minister of mine , both of whom could possibly shed light on this sort of activity . " I have spend a whole year deny just this . valerie Joe wait - joe wilson telling everyone who will listen , on tv . in the press . my wife do not send I on a junket . valerie Joe . I do n`t send you . I do not have that power . joe wilson you send a email . the ssci find the email . valerie joe wilson I write hundred of email . why do not you tell I ? at no time in the past twelve month you never think - valerie I do not make the decision . I be ask to write a recommendation . what be I suppose to do . not say my husband know about this . joe wilson they have this now . they will call I a liar . it will stick . they have all the power here , what do I have ? ( more ) 96 . joe wilson ( cont would ) my word . you have to speak up . you have to go on record . valerie Joe - joe wilson you have to defend we . now . she 's cornere . shake she head in frustration . valerie so what do you want I to do Joe ? go to the papers like you do ? write a piece in the New York Times ? you know I would have to submit it to the Agency , and they will - joe wilson ( interrupt ) the agency ? the .. wait .. be this the same Agency which will not give you protection for you child ? be this the same CIA that 's erase you pension ? where 's you loyalty Val ? to you husband or the CIA ? valerie ( shout louder ) it 's to my family . I put my family first . always . be you put they first when you write that fuck article ? people be look over . the child notice . joe be stung into silence . valerie I be take different route to and from school . I be look in empty room .. under the bed every time I come home . a home we be go to lose because you work have dry up and you client be run for cover . what have all this achieve ? what change Joe ? who win ? joe wilson ( nod ) maybe you be right . maybe I should have keep my mouth shut . be that what you dad teach you Valerie ? that what Colonel Sam plame say ? ( more ) 97 . joe wilson ( cont would ) a good american do not rock the boat . a good american look the other way . they be both terribly wounded . he look at she , levelly . joe do you send I to niger ? ( silence ) " his business be struggle . he 's on the slide . I will throw he a bone . " be that it Val ? you pull some string for I ? you help you old man out ? valerie how dare you ? joe wilson do you send I ? valerie you think I be lie to you . joe could I tell if you be ? utter silence . valerie you fuck bastard .. she stop . samantha be watch they . she have tear in she eye . Valerie go over and scoops she up . and trevor . and carry they off . Joe be alone . CUT to : CNN news footage anchorman the Senate Intelligence Committee publish information that show Joe Wilson have lie about how he come to be send to niger . he deny that he wife have any role in it whatsoever , but a memo plame write on February 12 , 2002 prove otherwise . 98 . MSNBC news footage anchorman the Senate Intelligence Committee let some air  a lot of air - out of Joe Wilson 's overly inflate ego when it issue its first report on prewar intelligence . while the committee heape most of its criticism on the Central Intelligence Agency for get almost everything wrong about Iraq and weapon of mass destruction it pointedly rebuke the former ambassador and he infamous mission to niger . ext . house . day . Morning . Joe , in a suit , come out of he house . a gaggle of reporter be wait , they follow Joe as he cross into the street towards he car . shutter and flashbulb fire . reporter Mr Wilson , do you still maintain the vice President 's office send you niger and not you wife ? reporter 2 Mr Wilson be niger just a free holiday ? a boondoggle ? joe wilson my wife do not send I . I do not receive payment . it be not a holiday . it be a fact find mission in the run up to a war . but the fact be no one want fact . reporter be you against we troops Mr Wilson ? reporter Mr. Wilson be it true you donate money to the Kerry campaign ? reporter people be say you wife do not actually work for the CIA . reporter be it true she be just a secretary at langley ? 99 . Joe turn round , furious , as if he 's go to punch the reporter . he tense he jaw . joe wilson no comment . Joe get into he car . the question roaring around he . int . house . night . Valerie be alone . in bed . watch tv. fox news . Rogers . guest the question still remain , who be Valerie plame ? be she really simply a glorify typist ? rogers well , I think it 's really all about the money . we be talk about a third - rate CIA agent who have a government salary , and she have send she husband to niger , and he have come back and do not give the report to the CIA , but he turn it over in a op-e to the New York Times . so she be already in the hot seat with the CIA , and so now she 's all about the money . plus it 's come out that she be consider kind of a mediocre agent at best . int . live room . night . Joe put a sheet on the couch . he look around for something to use as a pillow . int . bedroom . night . Joe come into the bedroom to get he pillow . Valerie be lie in the bed , turn away . he pause in the doorway . we see Valerie up close . she begin to speak . valerie when we be at the " farm " , training to be field officer , they pick four or five of we and tell we we would stand out . flash ---- Valerie , kneel , blindfold , in stress position . back to : 100 . valerie we be bound , hood and throw in separate cell . they beat we . deprive we of sleep . all you have to do be give up the name of one of the other . just one name . for a glass of water . a sandwich . to avoid another punch . flash -- a car battery be connected .. szzzzzz ! valerie another hour in a stress position . flash -- valerie burst out from under the water . gasp in a draft of air . valerie they push you until they find it . til they find the point at which you break . because they have to know . you have to know . and one by one , everybody break . except I . I never break . ( she look at he ) I have be in situation , place where I be afraid . where if you make a mistake , one tiny mistake , at any moment .. ( pause ) but I never make a mistake . and that make I feel special . I think : I be different . bullet - proof . you can not break I . I do not have a break point . ( pause ) I be wrong . Joe come over . he reach out and touch Valerie . immediately she get up and walk out . alone , he hear the bathroom door close . establishing . charleston terrace . day -- int . upstair , wilson house . day . Valerie pack the kid stuff up into suitcase . int . downstair . joe' study . day . Joe sit at he desk , a book open . not read . 101 . Valerie put the kid 's coat on . the study door be open . she know Joe be there but she do not look at he nor he at she . valerie ok . say goodbye to you father . the kid go into -- the study -- Joe look up . joe wilson hey guy . samantha we be go on a mystery tour . trevor why be not you come daddy . it hit he in the gut . joe wilson come here . he scoops they up . kiss he . her . joe wilson I will see you both real soon ok ? in the hallway Valerie wait . valerie ok guy . c'mon . CUT to : on the driveway , valerie put the kid in the car . inside -- Joe sit there , not look as the car pull away . ext . huntsville , pennsylvania . day Valerie get out of the car . the kid run to hug grandma and grandpa . int . kitchen . day . Valerie 's mom corall the kid . valerie' mom who want to make toffee apple ? kide me! me! Val look downstairs . in the shop , she father , in a apron . 102 . lo. colonel SAM plame well do not just stand there . come take a look . int . basement workshop . day . a wide workbench . tool in neat row . Valerie 's father , a old man in a plaid shirt hold a sander . point to the table he 's work on . lo. colonel SAM plame it 's cherry . I think it would work in you dining room . I can see the great and the good of Washington eat off this thing for year to come . just sand she down then she do . valerie it 's beautiful . valerie' mom ( call down ) Sam . I keep tell you . they have a table . Valerie smile at she dad who look at she properly . lo. colonel SAM plame well come here . they hug . int . four season HOTEL . day . Joe walk across the floor . he shake hand with three or four businessman . joe wilson good morning . they all introduce themselves . Joe order breakfast . businessman how 's you wife Joe ? joe wilson she 's fine . she 's well . she uh .. he use the waitress to change the subject . joe wilson hi. I will just have a strong coffee . I be not very hungry . ( more ) 103 . joe wilson ( cont would ) ( to the other man ) so . how long be you in town for ? CUT to : Joe wash he hand in the bathroom . tense . he look tired . CUT to : Joe come out of the bathroom and walk across the foyer and back to he table . a woman be talk to he business associate . he see who it be , instantly look concerned . joe can I help you ? Excuse I . can I help you ? right wing reporter I be just tell this people that you sir be a fraud . joe ok . this be a private lunch . please leave we alone . right wing reporter this man be a liar and a traitor . he be in the pay of leave wing hate group , he be a democrat stooge , and he be a anti-war zealot . he have stab we troops the back . Joe be try to laugh it off . but everyone be watch . joe ok . leave now . businessman 2 right wing reporter May we get the check ? you have blood on you hand . you be a fraud and you wife be a traitor and a fantasist . joe ok . leave my fuck table . now . how dare you talk about my wife ? you do not know she . you do not know I . now leave my table . now . the table nearby be watch . right wing reporter ( to the next table ) lady and gentleman . Joe Wilson . ( more ) 104 . right wing reporter ( cont would ) he like to lie in the press and he like to swear and insult woman . businessman I think we should leave . joe wilson no. please . businessman 2 no really we should . businessman we will call . joe wilson shame on you . you call yourself a reporter . shame on you . ( to himself as she leave ) you be a self publicise hack . fuck you . fuck you . Joe storm away . out of the four season into the street -- he do not know what just happen . he hail a taxi . it tear past . he hail another . it stop . int . taxi . day . joe wilson ( shaken ) pallisade . the driver drive . Joe try to calm down , but in the back of this cab , it all hit he and he start to lose it . he look sick . his head be explode . the tension like a vice . he open the window . he get himself under control , but he 's white and shaking . the cab driver look in the rear-view . taxi driver you ok ? joe wilson I be fine . taxi driver you be he . I see you on the tv . you be Joe Wilson . joe no , I be not . taxi driver yes brother . I see you on the tv . 105 . joe wilson that 's somebody else . taxi driver no no . I know you . my name be Joe too . I be from Sierra leone . freetown . you have be there , right . you like freetown ? Joe look out of the window . joe wilson Joe , we both know freetown 's a shit - hole . the taxi driver crack up . taxi driver that 's the truth . that 's the truth right there , brother . yes indeed . Sierra leone be die . the people at the top have too much power . way too much power . over there we have no truth . just power . people can not see that from here . over here it 's a different world . Joe stare out the window . joe wilson I would not be so sure of that . taxi driver how can you say that ? land of the free , brother . Home of the brave . Joe look sick . joe wilson can we pull over . I be go to walk . look keep the change . taxi driver do you pray , Joe Wilson ? joe wilson no . taxi driver I give you this . it be my church maybe you come . and if you open a bible , look John chapter eight . ( more ) 106 . taxi driver ( cont would ) then Jesus say if you continue in my word then be you my disciple indeed . and you shall know the truth and the truth shall set you free . ( he smile ) take care brother Joe . .. and drive off . Joe look up . he be stand right outside the Capitol . ext . back field . day . Valerie 's father be teach the kid how to lassoo a pole . they both want to go first . he try to keep the peace . from the kitchen -- Valerie and she mother watch . valerie how 's be he ? mother oh you know . get better . shakin ' through . out in the field -- Val 's dad lassoo the pole . kid cheer . CUT to : sunset . midge swirl in dizzy soup . out in the field , samantha be try to lassoo the pole . Valerie come out and join she father on the porch . he suddenly point . lo. colonel SAM plame ok . see that bird . that guy . that yellow fella . see `em .. valerie yeah I see `em . lo. colonel SAM plame ok . listen . ( they both listen ) you hear that ? ai not that beautiful . they suddenly show up last year . they be call .. ( stop ) what be they call ? I know they name . they be call something . ( he wrack he brain ) anyway . they be here last year . and the year before . God they be beautiful . look at that . 107 . they watch the bird . valerie dad , I think my marriage be over . the sun set . samantha play below . he nod slowly . lo. colonel SAM plame well . I know my little girl do not say anything till she absolutely have to . tear come to she eye . lo. colonel SAM plame I be the same way . and I have say that too . that exact same word . July 1972 . you mother and I be fight all the time . I guess she be just plain tired of move home . be not `til I retire after 42 year in the Air Force , I realise we never have a home . Germany , Singapore , Australia , England . heck I can remember the day you be bear in a freezing cold airbase outside anchorage Alaska . you must have be to twenty school . twenty different chance to introduce yourself . be someone new . but you turn out ok . responsible . a little too serious . always look down the road . worry where life be go to drag you next . but it make you tough . Real tough . maybe tougher than I , or you mother , or anyone know . valerie he want I to go on the record . speak out . like that would suddenly make this all go away . we can not even speak to each other . ( she shake she head ) I can not see how this come round . I just can not see it , pop . not anymore . he look at she . with a serious intent . he speak low . lo. colonel SAM plame what they do be wrong Valerie . plain wrong . never forget that . 108 . Valerie look at the floor as she father 's word sink in . lo. colonel SAM plame say through some miracle you even get through this .. you and Joe be always gonna fight . you be fighter . he 's a stubborn son of a bitch too . he do not give up easy either . a dark cloud come over he . he speak levelly . lo. colonel SAM plame one day this country be gonna look back on this year , and it 's gonna hang its head . it 's gonna weep . then it 's gonna stand up straight and walk on . he watch samantha in the half - light , still try to lassoo the pole . lo. colonel SAM plame I swear to God , she 's gonna keep at that until she lick it . Valerie smile . he point to samantha . lo. colonel SAM plame . they be tougher than we be . they will piss you off from time to time , but they be build to last . ext . capitol . old assembly hall . night . Joe sit surround by the statue of president and law - maker . a janitor approach . janitor mister ? ( no reaction ) we be close . you have to leave . ext . capitol . night . Joe walk out . the Capitol behind he . he walk away . ext . white house . day . a line of Satellite van a hundred yard long . int . west wing . day . Libby be escort out of the White House by security . 109 . MSNBC the vice president 's chief of staff , i. Lewis " scooter " Libby Jr. , be indicted Friday on charge of obstruction of justice , perjury and make false statement .. CUT to : Libby get into the back of a black mercede . cameras flash . fox news CNN .. in the CIA leak Karl Rove , Bush 's close investigation , a politically adviser , escape indictment charge case that cast a Friday but remain under harsh light on President investigation , he legal Bush 's push to war . Libby , status casting a dark cloud 55 , resign and leave the over a White House already in White House . trouble . CNN the U.S. military death toll in Iraq exceed 2,000 this week , and the president 's approval rating be at the lowest point since he take office in 2001 . MSNBC at a news conference , special counsel Patrick fitzgerald decline to comment about Rove 's involvement . fox news ask about Cheney , he say : " I be not make allegation about anyone not charge in the indictment . " CNN Friday 's charge stem from a two - year investigation by fitzgerald into whether Rove , Libby or any other administration official knowingly reveal the identity of CIA officer Valerie plame .. int . live room . night . Joe stand in he live room , watch the tv .. alone . 110 . CNN in a statement release Friday afternoon , Libby say , " I have conduct my responsibility honorably and truthfully . I be confident that at the end of this process I will be completely and totally exonerate . " he turn . Valerie be stand there . he stiffen . tries to cover he shock . become almost formal - joe they serve up Libby . he 's take the fall . he fix on the screen . joe I bet they have already strike the deal . he take the fall . he get pardon . the deck 's stack . I bet this do not even get to a trial . valerie thank you . he look at she and sway slightly . valerie I do not care how angry you get . I do not care what they say about we . I do not care if you hate I . if they take everything away from we , but they be not go to take this . they do not get to take my marriage . Joe 's eye fill with tear . joe wilson I be so sorry . tear fill she eye . valerie you do good . he look she in the eye . shake he head . joe wilson I do it for I . she shake she head . 111 . valerie I know why you do it . ( she look at he ) thank you . there 's a thousand thing he could suddenly say . and suddenly nothing , as he fight tear . joe if I could give it back to you . if I could give you back who you be - valerie this be who I be . right here . they clasp each other and hug , and all the pain drain away . they kiss . as they break she look into she husband 's eye . valerie so be you ready to fight ? Joe look at he wife . his eye fill with tear . int . bedroom . day . Valerie get ready . she put on make - up . a grey suit . joe ( o.s. ) how many of you know who put the 16 word in the State of the Union address ? establishing -- ohio state university campus . day . joe wilson ( o.s. ) arguably the most important speech the president make all year . never more important when the nation be on the brink of war . int . cavernous lecture theatre , columbus ohio . night Joe step out onto a stage . pack to the rafter . kid stand on window ledge , other hang over balcony . silence . joe wilson how many of you know who put it in ? ( no hand . ) how many of you know my wife 's name ? ( everyone in the hall . ) how do you know one and not the other ? ( more ) 112 . joe wilson ( cont would ) how do the question move from " why be we go to war ? " to " who be that man 's wife " . I ask the first question . someone else ask the second . it work . its still work . because we still do not know the truth . but you all know my wife 's name . int . taxi ( moving ) . day . Valerie sit in the back of a cab , look out of the window . joe wilson V / o Public official swear a oath to uphold the constitution . that be they duty . they must be keep to they oath . that be yours . this offense be not commit against I . nor against my wife ... the hall . joe wilson it be commit against you . and if you ever feel angry . misrepresent . ashame even . valerie in the cab . joe wilson ( o.s. ) do something about it . in 1787 as Benjamin Franklin leave the constitution Hall after the last draft session , he be stop by a woman on the street . she ask -- the hall . joe wilson - what manner of government have you bequeath we ? Ben say 'a Republic madam . if you can keep it . ' back to : valerie in the cab . the passing STREET reflected on her face . joe wilson if you can keep it . CUT to : 113. int . airport terminal tehran . day sa'ad and he family walk out of the jetway and be greet by official and man in uniform . sa 'ad smile and shake hand . his wife nervously shepherd they child . joe wilson V / o the responsibilty for this country do not lie in the hand of a privileged few . ext . mountainous road . day sa'ad , a Korean man and two officer of the sepah revolutionary guard ride in a four wheel drive through rugge iranian countryside , reflect on he face . joe wilson we be strong and we be free from tyranny only for as long as each and every one of we remember they duty as citizen . ext . natanz nuclear research facility , iran . day sa 'ad arrive at the heavily fortify reactor . he be introduce to several man the last of which be manucher vaziri , the arm dealer Valerie be tracking . vaziri welcome to the revolution my brother . sa 'ad look up at the state of the art facility . CUT to : ext . capitol hill . day . valerie get out of the cab . she walk down the street past the gleam government building . joe wilson whether its a pothole at the end of you street or a lie in the State of the Union address .. speak up . ask the question . demand the truth . Valerie walk . we see the Capitol dome behind she . she begin to climb step .. joe wilson democracy be not a free ride ... 114 . the hall . joe wilson man I be here to tell you that . but its where we live . and if we do we job its where we child will live . God bless America . a roar erupt from the auditorium . back to : Valerie climb the step . suddenly she be engulf in flash . dozen of photographer . Reporters . she climb the step . she pass between the two enormous statue to the Spirit of justice and the majesty of the Law -- int . rayburn house . capitol hill . day . Valerie walk onto the floor of the oversight Committee . cameras . microphone . Press photographer . she sit before a microphone . swallow . valerie good morning , Mr. Chairman and member of the committee . my name be Valerie plame Wilson , and I be honore to have be invite to testify under oath before the Committee on oversight and government Reform on the critical issue ... the shot dissolves into the real valerie plame deliver she testimony to the chamber . real valerie footage ...of safeguard classified information . I be grateful for this opportunity to set the record straight . I serve the United States loyally and to the best of my ability as a covert operation officer for the Central Intelligence Agency . I work on behalf of the national security of we country , on behalf of the people of the United States until my name and true affiliation be expose in the national media on July 14th , 2003 , after a leak by administration official . today I can tell this committee even more . ( more ) 115 . real valerie footage ( cont would ) in the run - up to the war with Iraq I work in the counter proliferation division of the CIA , still as a covert officer whose affiliation with the CIA be classified . I race to discover solid intelligence for senior policy maker on Iraq 's presume weapon of mass destruction program . while I help to manage and run secret worldwide operation against this WMD target from CIA headquarters in Washington , I also travel to foreign country on secret mission to find vital intelligence . I love my career because I love my country . blackout on March 6th 2007 scooter Libby be find guilty of perjury , obstruction of justice and make false statement to the FBI , concern the leak of Valerie plame 's identity . he be hand the maximum sentence : two and a half year in prison , and a $ 250,000 fine . on July 2nd 2007 . the President use he executive authority to commute the court 's sentence . Joe and Valerie leave Washington and find a new home in Santa Fe . they live there today , with they child . fade out ..