fal len original screenplay Nicholas Kazan fourth revision May 17 , 1996 ext . country house . night . a body careen toward the camera . lurch to a stop , almost fall . eye wild , face glaze with sweat . hobbes ( v.0. , narration ) I want to tell you about the time I almost die . Bright magnesium moonlight . behind the body 's silhouette : shadow of a country house . hobbes plunge forward again , veer toward some bush . hobbes ( v.o. , narration ) I never think it would happen . not to I . not at this age . Falls to he knee , dive face - first into the bush . hobbes ( v.o. , narration ) beaten ...outsmarted ... dig under the bush , claw dirt like a wild animal , break branch , cursing under he breath . hobbes ( live ) God damn , God damn , God damn ! digging get more desperate , manic : he 's search for something , and it 's life and death . finally he see it . lunge , grab . car key . pause to catch he breath . can not . tries to pull himself up onto all four . can not . glance toward the car , make one last effort to rise . can not . spin , fall onto he back . hyperventilate . move in on he face : 40 , normally handsome , now ravage , in pain ... hobbes ( v.o. , narration ) the name be Hobbes . John Hobbes . most decorate detective on the Chicago police force and all that jazz . scan and convert to pdf by screentalk Magazine - www.screentalk.biz be he grab he chest in pain - hobbes ( v.o. , narration ) but all the medal , hard work , ++- mone of it be worth a damn now . slow pan from he ...to the surround landscape ... hobbes ( v.o. , narration ) how do I get in this fix ? how do it all begin ? leave rustle : wind . supérsaturate moonlight give everything a eerie cast , like a photographic negative . music emphasize a subliminal feel : we be seein ing which do not exist hobbes ( v.o. , narration ) no , no if I go back to the beginning , it 's 1ll take forever . let 's start more recently . somewhere ... anywhere ... ( strong , decisive ) here . smash CUT to : ext . prison . dawn . hyper-clear image , like a post card . hold . int . prison . execution room . dawn . another gleam stylize image : the chair , polished bright . slow pan to : the ceiling . hole where the cyanide pellet drop . smash cut , bang / bang / bang : ceil , floor : other hole for the poison gas . the chair , wait . int . prison . cell . dawn . edgar reese ( 30 , white , large - body , vacant eye , bald head ) sit on he bed , leg stretch out casually , hand behind he head , twiddle he thumb at a fantastic speed . a guard go by . rattlesnake strike : reese kick the door - reese hey shithead , where 's Hobbes ? scan and convert to pdf by screentalk Magazine - www.screentalk.biz the Guard walk on . CUT to : close on : two quarter in a man 's hand . he 's play with they . nervous habit . Hobbes . he be : ext . prison . inside the gate , side entrance . day . Hobbes stand by the entrance . his boss , maguire ( 54 , tough , smart ) be approach . behind Maguire , a limo be pull up - hobbes the Governor ? I think he do not approve - maguire the more they do not approve , the more they want to watch . so what 's this , hotshot , six notches on you belt ? hobbes eight . maguire ( slightly ironic ) congratulation . hobbes ( friendly ) fuck you . maguire ask more nicely , huh ? a prison aide open the side door , stare blankly at Hobbes : prison aide he want you . Hobbes glance at Maguire , roll he eye - int . prison . cellblock . dawn . a dimly light cellblock , streak of light and darkness ; the pattern of the bar fall across Hobbes 's face as he walk ... scan and convert to pdf by screentalk Magazine - www.screentalk.biz he slow , stop in deep shadow , look in at reese . reese smile , indicate Hobbes , talk to someone we can not see : reese well , well . the brilliant detective who seal my brutish fate . {back to Hobbes ) I think you would be too cowardly to show . Hobbes see , in with reese : a guy in a suit with a camcorder . hobbes Network ? as the Guard unlock the cell to let Hobbes in : reese some prison schmoo . for the Governor . the gov hate capital punishment , want to make a video record of this vile ceremonial . say he '' 1ll show it to legislator , but I think he will use it for a circle jerk with he dinner guest . ( strike exaggerated pose ) my vein bulg ... ( smile ) it 's good to see you , Hobbes . my best pal . reese lunge . grab Hobbes 's hand , kiss it - Hobbes yank the hand back in disgust , wipe it off hobbes why would you ask for I ? , I be not a priest . reese no ? reese mutter under he breath . nonsense syllable of some kind , fast and unintelligible : a private joke . Hobbes watch , irritate . reese fly into a pantomime . grab the air . give Hobbes the finger . rub palm together . scan and convert to pdf by screentalk Magazine - www.screentalk.biz Hobbes start to speak . reese stop he with a gesture and slide smoothly into word again : reese you remind I of someone , Hobbes . indeed you do . indeedy deed . do you like riddle ? ( cont . } hobbes no - reese ( cont . ) here 's a " beaut " : why be there a space between Lyons and spakowsky ? hobbes I do not know what you be talk about . reese do not you ? open you eye , pal . look around sometime . hobbes go to hell , reese . the Express train , reese flash Hobbes a nasty smile , but Hobbes have already turn back toward the door , toward the Guard . reese ( suddenly strong , commanding ) before you leave , remember this . ( Hobbes turn back ) in a day , a week , month . remember : ( speak in a foreign tongue ) , hobbes german ? reese ( mock ) dutch . hobbes meaning ? reese what go around ... really go around . scan and convert to pdf by screentalk Magazine - www.screentalk.biz int . prison . VIP viewing room . day . vip be assemble , silent , nervous . how to behave at a execution ? the room be rectangular , with a one - way mirror as the long wall : look into the execution room . clock read : 7:57 . the prison aide with the camcorder be at one end of the room : best vantage point . the warden and the governor be exchange whisper . Hobbes stand with Maguire . Hobbes fiddy with he quarter . everyone 's head turn : reese be be lead into the execution room by two guard . hypervigilant . case the room , the chair , one - way mirror . he spread he arm wide , face the mirror ; we hear perfectly : reese howdy , lady . gent . cocksucker and pederast ... he slow he entrance , blow kiss toward the mirror ... reese hope you like the show ... ( another kiss ) hello gov , my love . governor ( irritate , to warden ) he 's certainly enjoy himself . warden since he 's be in , he 's start a fire , a riot , and found a kkk unit . we be very pleased to see he graduate . the Guards strap reese into the chair , secure he hand and foot . another Guard , a redhead , be watch ... when the first two Guards retreat , the redhead step forward , check everything . as the redhead leave , he hand trail casually up reese 's arm ... reese be smile . his lip seem to be move ... scan and convert to pdf by screentalk Magazine - www.screentalk.biz 7 the redhead enter a cubicle at the end of the room , glance up at the clock : 7:59 . he sit behind a small monitor , and we realize : this be the executioner . a sound be come from reese - governor what 's he do ? another prison aide he 's ... I believe he 's sing , sir . reese increase he volume ; the old Rolling Stones song : reese " time ... be on my side ... yes , it be . time ... be on my side ... you know it be ... ( etc . ) his sing become more raucous , inappropriate ... the vip get more uncomfortable . not the solemn spectacle they would anticipate . sweep second hand on the clock get closer to the 12 , closer to 8:00 a.m. reese sing loud and wild ; a maniac with good pipe : reese '' i’11 come runnin’ back ... I will come runnin 's back ... the redhead be stare at the warden , wait for the okay ... the Governor , enraged by the sing , elbow the warden : do it . the warden nod : yes , yes , but not until ... he wait , wait ... the second hand hit the 12 - warden nod . the redhead throw the switch - pellet clatter down - a cloud of cyanide gas billow - reese hold he breath , bulg cheek , as the gas rise , sensuous and deadly , around he . scan and convert to pdf by screentalk Magazine - www.screentalk.biz turn toward he audience . last grin . give ‘em the finger - violently suck in the poison . his body shake - face of the observer . repelled , excited , transfix ... after a long moment , they expression change . shock aftermath . it 's over so fast . reese 's body . slump . the camera move across it as if to say , subtly : something be still happen . we come to rest on : he left hand . a final muscular twitch , just the pinkie ... overhead shot , tight on reese , collapse in he chair . in a odd effect , SOUND become distant , mute . the camera rise to the ceiling and move .... over to the warden , chat with the Governor . it hover over he , then move again , over the Governor himself , linger ... ... and slide away , out of the room ... ... into the next room , the executioner ' 's cubicle . the camera arc down onto the redhead 's face . SOUND ease back to normal . the redhead 's jotting a few note . for the first time we get a good look at he : 28 , boyish , efficient . the warden stick he head in the door : warden you okay , Jimmy ? jimmy ( redhead ) {hint of admiration ) never see one sing before . for the Governor 's sake , the warden act like a good guy : warden take the rest of the day off , huh ? the warden close the door and Jimmy smile to himself . stare at the door . hold this 1 / 2 second too long - scan and convert to pdf by screentalk Magazine - www.screentalk.biz ext . prison . morning . Maguire and Hobbes walk to they car . maguire I do not know why you even come , Hobbes . I gotta hold hand with the suit , but - ( you could ) hobbes the scum we see day to day ? , they never accept consequence . beat somebody up , rob somebody , kill somebody ; somehow or other it be not they fault . this be the consequence of what I do ; I gotta be here . maguire ( dry , friendly ) this be not you fault . Hobbes smile , appreciate it , give Maguire a friendly cuff with the back of he hand . as Hobbes get into he 's car : the camera pan . driving slowly toward they in a old convertible be Jimmy , the redheaded executioner . as he pass , he give they a casual glance . contrary to what we expect : the camera move away , with he , as he sing to himself : jimmy the executioner not for just a hour ... not for just a day ... not for just a year , but always , all the time ... just a beautiful summer morning and a happy guy who get off work early . cuT to : ext . suburban mall . day . gorgeous day . Jimmy drive into the parking lot , park in the handicapped spot . int . suburban mall . day . the mall 's just open ; a smatter of people . scan and convert to pdf by screentalk Magazine - www.screentalk.biz 10 from a overhead angle we watch Jimmy stroll along , whistling . music tell we , subtly : something odd be happen . Jimmy stop , busy a bagel and walk on , eat it . as he walk , he hand brushes casually against a businesswoman come the other way . the camera execute a 20 degree reverse turn , follows the businesswoman . crisp efficient walk . after a few step : she touch a SMALL boy , hold he mother 's hand . we follow the mother and Boy . they wander slowly , look in store window , chat ... the mother 's shoulder bump against a thin anorexic man with a scruffy beard . the mother and Boy move on . we hold on the anorexic man as he stop , look around ... stand up a little straighter ... another angle facing the anorexic man . thin smile . he check he watch . walk into a pet store . the middle - aged owner be open up . middle - aged owner you be late , Charles . charle the anorexic fuck you booty with a garden hose . middle -aged owner {completely stunne ) what do you - ( say ? ) charle the anorexic you be a imbecile , you reek like a rhesus , and you wife be boffing that moron who run the cookie shop . middle - aged owner Charles , I hate to do this , but charle the anorexic put the job where the hose go . he walk out . CUT to : scan and convert to pdf by screentalk Magazine - www.screentalk.biz i int . chicago bar . night . lively scene , ethnic neighborhood . in the back be a table of off -duty cop : Hobbes , lou ( half - jewish , half - italian , 40 , a jade extrovert ) , tiffany ( black , 28 , totally one of the guy ) , lawrence ( 35 , bland ) , and jonesy ( 55 , Hobbes 's partner : the ultimate cop , a worker , a bear in polyester ) . lou ( what I do not get be ) ... this cockamamie three strike thing . tiffany if it be I , I would make it lucky strike . ( puffing she cigarette ) arrest ‘em , give ‘em a cigarette , and shoot ‘em , hobbes not a bad idea . just ... ( wave away a cloud ) ... blow you smoke the other way , huh tiff ? a waitress have come to they table - lou {slight flirt , to waitress ) hey , Gracie . ( to other ) so whatta we get here ? Three heineken ... ( turn to jonesy ) jonesy beck dark . lou ( to Hobbes ) hotshot ? Hobbes and jonesy be the only non-regulars . jonesy usually work late ; Hobbes be here celebrate reese 's execution . hobbes a Bud . lou a Bud ? scan and convert to pdf by screentalk Magazine - www.screentalk.biz 12 hobbes yeah . lou what , you can not afford import ? I all treat . hobbes I can afford - lou at least get a Bud Ice , huh ? ( as Hobbes shake he head ) Bud lite ? Bud extra dry ? Lou be bait Hobbes , but Hobbes will not bite , will not descend to that level . he just give a straightforward answer : hobbes no thanks . gracie it 's just a Bud , Lou , okay ? she leave , irritate with Lou for waste she time . Lou , who have fantasy of side action with Gracie , be unhappy to incur she disfavor and become further annoyed at Hobbes . lou you be a unusual cop , Hobbes . Hobbes shrug as Tiffany pipe in , not at all where Lou be go : tiffany yeah , for one thing , he take crime personally . hobbes that 's right . no one kill anybody on my watch . tiffany oh man . Lou what be you talk ? the city be you watch . people kill each other on the hour . scan and convert to pdf by screentalk Magazine - www.screentalk.biz hobbes that ' 's what I mean . I gotta do something about it . half a joke on himself ... but also half serious . another angle . minute later . Gracie finish serve they beer . Lou be still stare at Hobbes , consider whether to raise a certain subject ... Lou let I ask you something , hobbes. ( after Gracie leave ) I have only be ( in ) you precinct ten week , but they say you never take cream , be that true ? Hobbes shrug - lou come on , you can tell I : true or not ? hobbes I do not like cream . lou so that mean no ? hobbes yeah . lou " no " as in " no , never " ? or '' no " as '' in " rarely , " or " no " as in you do it but you do not talk about it ? hobbes never . lou hobbesy . this be Chicago . we get a tradition to uphold ... jonesy what 's a matter , you ear do not work ? the man say something , he say it . scan and convert to pdf by screentalk Magazine - www.screentalk.biz 14 hobbes ( calmly , to Lou ) I have a bed , roof , car . when I be hungry , I eat . I meet a nice girl , I can afford to take she out . what else do I need ? tiffany a life . Lou so. hypothetical . other cop , who have family - lawrence Hobbes have a family . sort of - lou ( push on ) other cop , who do feel the need once in a while , ( to ) skim a little something on the side - hobbes I do not judge . lou I see . you do not. judge . ( under he breath ) he 's a fuck saint . ( aside , to Tiffany ) you get any thorns ? tiffany I leave ‘em home . hobbes I do not let anybody else judge either , not around I , ' cause you take any cop on the force , bad or good , cream or no , 99 % of the time he 's still do he job , right ? jonesy ninety -nine five . scan and convert to pdf by screentalk Magazine - www.screentalk.biz hobbes yeah , point 5s . so he - {to Tiffany , equal time ) or she - be still do more good every single day than any lawyer , stockbroker , insurance salesman , or US President do in a lifetime . Lou stare at Hobbes . he really do not expect this last opinion . let alone : hobbes cop be the choose people . it 's hard to tell which way Lou 's gonna go on this . finally : lou I be switch to Bud . meaning : Hobbes be okay . Lou grab the pass waitress : lou hey , Gracie , bring I a Bud , huh ? ( to other ) anybody else want to go american ? CUT to : int . hobbes 's apartment . he bedroom . night . Hobbes sleep . phone ring . he blink , shake he head , answer it : hobbes ' lo ? silence on the other end . hobbes ( mutter to himself oh fuck . hello ? still no response . he hang up , take the receiver off the hook and set it down next to he beeper . then he unplug the receiver cord so that the line will be busy but no annoying sound will emit . scan and convert to pdf by screentalk Magazine - www.screentalk.biz 16 he take a drink of water , shake he head : he 's awake now . he climb out of bed in he t-shirt and boxer . int . hobbes 's apartment . hall . night . he walk down the hall . the door into the next bedroom be open , and a small nightlite shine . Hobbes push the door farther open , look in : two bed , a single and a double . the single have be sleep in but be empty . in the double be Hobbes 's brother art , and Art 's son SAM , 8 , curl up together . sweetest thing you ever see . int . hobbes 's apartment . kitchen . day . Sam be devour he cereal . Hobbes sit with , drink coffee . Art 's at the counter , proudly pack Sam 's lunch : art here we go : milk , pretzel , apple , peanut butter and jelly sandwich - simultaneous with this last phrase , Sam say under he breath : SAM peanut butter and jelly sandwich . ( still quietly ) uncle John , will you please make my lunch tomorrow ? ( as Hobbes nod ) I can not eat the same thing every - a bicycle horn honk repeatedly . Hobbes look out the window , see : toby , 9 , on he bike . . art there 's Toby ! and with Art 's childish enthusiasm , we suddenly get it : Art 's a little retarded . Sam leap up from the table , grab a small bookbag and the sack lunch , give he father a big hug , the irritation of a moment ago totally forget : scan and convert to pdf by screentalk Magazine - www.screentalk.biz 17 SAM I love you , dad . Sam head toward he bike , stand by the front door - art wait , wait , do not forget - Sam tear back toward Hobbes , leap - Hobbes catch he in the air . Sam give he a tight bear hug , and we sense : Hobbes as second parent . Sam jump down , sprint to he bike and wheel it out the doar , which Art hold open . Art call after he , part of the ritual : art have a good day at school ! Art close the door , shake he head . hobbes what a kid . come here , art. ( pat chair ) have breakfast with I . '' art you be not in a hurry or something ? hobbes reese be dead , ( so ) I can relax , go in late for once . Art be pleased : he rarely have time alone with Hobbes . Art come to the table , ready he breakfast , speak shyly : art I love you , johnny . . Hobbes smile wistfully . it 's almost painful that he brother can hit this simple emotional level so naturally , gracefully . art you ever think it would be easier ... you life would be so much easier or something if Sam and I - hobbes stop . art maybe marcy would not have - ( leave ) scan and convert to pdf by screentalk Magazine - www.screentalk.biz 18 hobbes art. marcy be a jerk for leave I . you be my brother . sit down , huh ? Art sit , dutifully . hobbes I love you too . Art smile , brighter than any sunrise . another angle . tight on a cornflake BOX . be cornflake on the table before ? as the camera pull back we see we be now : int . another apartment . morning . Charles the anorexic sit eat a bowl of cornflake . erect posture , slightly formal manner . before he be casually dress , now he 's in a suit . incongruous with he present appearance , the apartment around he be in disarray : book strewn , furniture knock over : as if it be recently the scene of a enormous struggle . on the wall beside Charles , out of focus , something be scrawle in magic marker . Charles set he spoon in the bowl . he look down . there be four - and only four - object on the table : cornflake , milk carton , sugar bowl , and , in the center , the bowl of half - eat cereal . he adjust the angle of the cornflake box , move the milk carton slightly . the four object now form a odd and distinctive configuration , like stonehenge . int . bathroom . day . Charles be carefully apply crest to he toothbrush . start to brush . the camera begins to move ... scan and convert to pdf by screentalk Magazine - www.screentalk.biz 19 his technique be just like the dentist teach : small circle along the gum line . the toothpaste foam . his face be blank . he 's certainly do a very thorough job on that tooth . behind he we see the window , the bathtub ... and something stick out of the tub - a man 's foot - SHOCK move : the camera swoops down to the body . eye open , terrify ; mouth twisted . hold on the horror ... then back to : Charles carefully rinse he toothbrush and leave the room . int . apartment . day . Charles exit the bathroom , walk to the door , open it . turn to examine the apartment . everything just as he want it . CUT : to : ext . precinct . day . from a distance , we watch Hobbes park he car . get out . walk into the precinct . reverse angle . Charles the anorexic stand near a phone booth , watch Hobbes , twirling a fat cigar like a self - satisfied mafioso . take a little puff . cuT to : int . precinct . day . Hobbes do paperwork . ( hobbes 's desk be very clean . only a few object : carefully , almost geometrically , place . ) jonesy 's messy desk be on one side of Hobbes , he 's also work . on the other side , Tiffany be listen to a secretary -type ( 33 , spectacular nail , big hair ) . scan and convert to pdf by screentalk Magazine - www.screentalk.biz 20 secretary type he threaten I ? , fine . he hit I ? , I can deal . but how can you tell , Officer ? if one day , no warning , he 's gonna really do it ? Hobbes look at the woman , ponder this question , as he phone ring . Quick draw : hobbes John Hobbes . charle 's voice hey , pal , get a pen ? hobbes who 's this ? charle 's voice 17197 South kedzie , apartment 12c . hobbes ojotting it down , bored ) what 's there ? charle 's voice a clue , magoo . the line go dead . Hobbes hang up the phone , consider ... turn to jonesy : hobbes could not sleep last night . jonesy who can ? hobbes remember reese use to call two , three a.m ? jonesy ( tease ) he love you , Hobbes , he truly do . that kind of devotion - hobbes I have another call last night . jonesy raise a eyebrow , wonder ... Hobbes flick the piece of paper with the address . scan and convert to pdf by screentalk Magazine - www.screentalk.biz 21 hobbes yo , tiff , see if we get a car near 17197 South kedzie , huh ? ( give she the paper ) 12c . have the landlord let ‘em in if necessary . tiffany hot tip ? hobbes probably some bozo see my name in the trib , want to impress he girl . as Tiffany go off with the slip of paper - CUT to : ext . muskavich 's apartment build . day . a unmark police car pull up , Hobbes and jonesy get out , hurry into the building - int . bathroom . day . Hobbes and jonesy look at the naked man 's body in the bathtub . a most unpleasant sight . jonesy ( read from note ) muskavich . Russian expatriate , unemployed electrician . no family , no friend , no enemy . hobbes everybody 's get enemy . what 's the cause of death ? jonesy ( shrug ) ( we need a ) autopsy . he point to the number 7 spray - paint on the man 's chest . jonesy ( cont . ) what 's this ( mean ) , it 's the killer 's seventh victim ? hobbes ( leave bathroom ) I guess . we better check the m.o. scan and convert to pdf by screentalk Magazine - www.screentalk.biz 22 int . apartment . day . the place crawl with cop , coroner , etc . Hobbes and jonesy walk to the table , look at the breakfast stuff : the mini- stonehenge configuration of object . stare at it . jonesy ( joke ) look like you desk . hobbes ( give jonesy a look ) whose eat ? meaning the cornflake . jonesy killer . body 's cold 18 hour , ( but the ) milk 's not spoiled . hobbes ( incredulous ) he kill this guy , sleep here , have a quiet breakfast and leave ? " jonesy seem like . ( see something ) hey check this . he 's look at the magic-marker write on the wall . Hobbes turn . stare . his blood run cold as ice . written on the wall in a cursive scrawl : Lyons 222 ? spakowsky Hobbes continue to stare ... jonesy what ? scan and convert to pdf by screentalk Magazine - www.screentalk.biz 23 Hobbes shake he head , finally find what 's leave of he voice : hobbes it 's a riddle . something reese ask . jonesy come again ? hobbes in he cell before he die , reese ask I : " why be there a space between Lyons and spakowsky ? " on Hobbes ' face : int . precinct . day . Maguire stand at Hobbes 's desk look at photo of the write from muskavich 's wall . he lower they , shake he head : maguire reese have a accomplice ? hobbes I guess . maguire fuck I . hobbes fuck we all , mack . Maguire walk off as jonesy hang up the phone , turn to Hobbes : jonesy fingerprint . the perp do not wear glove . Left print on the spoon , cereal bowl , toothbrush . it 's like he 's advertising . hobbes must be he 's not in the databank . jonesy nod agreement . Lou walk by head for the fax . he overhead they conversation ; say in he arrogant way : lou I hate to be stupid , huh ? ( cont . ) scan and convert to pdf by screentalk Magazine - www.screentalk.biz 24 jonesy enjoy it , Lou - Lou glare back . jonesy be sass he because of the lip Lou give Hobbes in the bar . lou ( cont . ) but be motive still something we ask here ? , or be all crime just do for they own sake , out of sickness ? tiffany ( mime hit buzzer ) bzzzz . number 2 . jonesy ( off-hand , as always ) everything have motive . sickness be a motive too . this think hover for a moment - in the b.g. , schwab ( a trainee with a earring and spiky hair} be distribute burrito . Lou pick up from the fax machine : something for he , something for Hobbes and jonesy . he read theirs on he way over , drop it off on Hobbes 's desk : Lou look sharp , Bud . ( he now call Hobbes " Bud " because of he beer choice ) coroner 's prelim on the roosky . be not this that wacko poison reese use on that Arabs ? Hobbes examine the fax with concern . Lou be right . schwab reach Hobbes 's desk with the burrito . schwab Chicken , spicy with onion ? Hobbes look up at schwab . nod absentmindedly . hobbes hey schwab , you be hip , right ? schwab hip , thigh , and crotch . schwab glance around nervously to see if anyone else hear this un - trainee like remark . scan and convert to pdf by screentalk Magazine - www.screentalk.biz 25 hobbes tell I this : why be there a space between Lyons and spakowsky ? schwab stare at he blankly . schwab I do not know , man . that 's not a hip query . Hobbes look around . everyone 's stop to eat they burrito . hobbes tiff , you like puzzle and shit , brainteaser ? tiffany Long as I be do the teasing ... hobbes why be there a space between Lyons and spakowsky ? beat . she frown . tiffany what 's that even mean , man ? Hobbes shake he head : he do not know . a linger beat ... jonesy ( 0.s. ) we have a Lyons once . what a asshole . Hobbes turn toward jonesy , who 's chomping away ... hobbes come again ? jonesy not you Lyons . this guy be a cop . Hobbes gesture , keep talk . jonesy ( cont . ) I tell you : he be the King Kong of asshole . I be talk legend , huh ? his name be on the fuckin’ wall . scan and convert to pdf by screentalk Magazine - www.screentalk.biz 26 Hobbes blink . CUT to : int . police precinct . hall . day . jonesy lead Hobbes down the dingy back hall of the station . ( here , as elsewhere : small area which be poorly light give a spooky sense , as though something be lurking there . ) jonesy some chief in the 30 think it would boost morale ... I think they keep with it till ' 75 or ... ( so ) , it get like a booby prize . he stop in front of a old metal plaque with a ornate crest and the word : for outstanding and courageous valor . jonesy remember ? it be out front till they go with the remodel . ( cont . ) jonesy run a flashlight down the name . in bronze : 1964 GEORGE lyon 1965 ( blank , but with a residue of old solder . a name be once here , but have be remove . ) 1966 anton spakowsky Hobbes stare at the plaque . jonesy ( cont . ) you musta pass it a thousand time - hobbes ( yeah . ) right out in the lobby . ( quote reese ) I just have to '' open my eye , look around sometime . " jonesy ( 0.s. } I do not know spakowsky , but Lyons be so mean he wife finally shot he in a foot . Son of a bitch could not get disability - hobbes jonesy . why be there a space here ? who be ' 65 ? scan and convert to pdf by screentalk Magazine - www.screentalk.biz jonesy I get no clue , man . not a clue , not @ memory . CUT to : int . maguire's office . day . Hobbes have just ask Maguire the same question . Maguire look up at he with a clear honest face : maguire " 65 ? I do not know , Hobbes , that be before my time . Hobbes stare at he .... Maguire stare back , then lower he eye . he 's lie . he do know something . hobbes Maguire ... you know I ’1ll find out . maguire then find out . cdd . he do not care if Hobbes know , he just can not tell he . CUT to : int . hobbes apartment . he bedroom . night . Hobbes sit at this desk . only a few object : computer , address book on the corner , etc . he 's on line , go through old issue of the Chicago tribune . he 's find a front - page article with a photograph of George Lyons and a headline : " lyon name cop of the year for 1964 . " he look at the top of the page , the date : February 12 , 1965 . he press search and type in : February 12 , 1966 . the 1966 front page pop up . he search it : nothing . Hit two key , get the front page for February 11 , search that one : nothing . on he face as he try more front page , without success . then he stop . move closer to the screen as he read - scan and convert to pdf by screentalk Magazine - www.screentalk.biz 28 headline : italian detective cop of the year 1965 . Robert milano nab " kiddo killer " the photograph show a handsome man with a honest face , in a blue uniform . another angle Hobbes press search and type in " Robert milano . " the screen say " search ... " a article pop up about milano make another arrest . Hobbes scan it quickly , hit search again . the name " Robert milano " reappear , and Hobbes hit return ... he wait ... wait ... something come up . he stare . the eerie computer light flicker over he face . he hit : print . pace in front of he window . go to the printer , pick up the print page , read it again as he continue pace ... ext . hobbes 's apartment . night . from across the street , we see Hobbes pace in he window . he be be watch . CUT to : int . maguire's office . morning . Morning coffee cup ; Hobbes have come in first thing . he 's wave the page he print from the 1966 Chicago tribune : hobbes six month after he 's name cop of the year , he go to Canada and blow he brain out . but the article on the suicide be page nine , somebody bury iti ( cont . scan and convert to pdf by screentalk Magazine - www.screentalk.biz 23 hobbes ( cont . ) ( slap print - out ) and there 's no information here ' cept milano be on suspension at the time . what give , Maguire ? maguire it 's old laundry . hobbes I gather , and dirty , but I need this , okay ? for a guy who 's out kill people right now , and he 's tell I , right now , by write on the fuck wall , that I should look at what happen to milano ! beat . maguire I can not help you , Hobbes . hobbes I request access to we report on the suicide - maguire ( overlap ) get real , huh ? I say I can not - piss , Hobbes turn to go - maguire ( cont . ) I get something else though . ( hold up videotape ) reese . from the prison . hobbes ( slight sarcasm ) thanks , Maguire . you be a white man . he take the tape and leave . follow he out into : int . precinct . MAIN room . day . Hobbes come out , go by jonesy 's desk . hobbes tape on reese , wanna view ? scan and convert to pdf by screentalk Magazine - www.screentalk.biz 30 jonesy you know I hate video . hobbes anything on muskavich ? jonesy fingerprint be a bust . all we get be : ( consult note ) killer 's tall , left-handed - hobbes ( idle , no significance : ) like reese - jonesy yeah . and he tooth be bad . hobbes ( shit . ) he bit muskavich ? Hobbes reach he desk , put down the tape . in he other hand , he 's still hold the page he print from the newspaper . he look at it , pick up the phone , dial 411 . operator' voice this be debra , what city ? insert the clipping . at the bottom : " detective milano be survive by he wife , sylvia ,35 , and daughter gretta , 8 month old . " hobbes ( v.o. ) Chicago . sylvia milano . m-i-l-a-n-o. back to scene . Maguire be crossing . Hobbes call to he , slightly nasty : hobbes hey , Lieutenant ? this silence on milano . be it you own idea , or be you " just follow order ? " Maguire stop in he track : scan and convert to pdf by screentalk Magazine - www.screentalk.biz 31 maguire look . somebody promise somebody something a long time ago . I be keep that promise , huh ? Hobbes think about this as Maguire move away and : operator' voice I be sorry , there 's no such list . hobbes okay , thanks . ( start to hang up , then : ) wait . what about ... be you there ? ( examine clipping ) you have a gretta milano ? jonesy ( stand ; to Hobbes ) okay , I will watch . Hobbes toss he the videotape - jonesy ( cont . ) you know , I be think - lou {as to a horse ) whoa , easy boy ... operator 's voice please hold for the number . Hobbes jot down the number as jonesy come over : jonesy whoever kill muskavich know the poison reese use , he 's quote reese ... he could be a cop . hobbes ( as he dial gretta 's number ) I have think of that . ( point jokingly at Lou ) gretta' voice ( from phone ) hi. please leave a message . beep - scan and convert to pdf by screentalk Magazine - www.screentalk.biz 32 hobbes ah. John hobbes. 845-9594 . it 's important . he hang up , and they walk off : jonesy you be give you home number ? hobbes I do not know why , I ... jonesy what be it , some girl with a cute voice ? Hobbes playfully cuff jonesy ... but jonesy be right , Hobbes like she voice - cuT to : int . police precinct . video room . day . on screen ( from a different angle than before ) : reese be sing , wild and raucous : " reese I ' 1l come run back ... baby baby I will come runnin’ back ... to you ... jonesy ( sarcastic ) use to have a lounge act , huh ? ( as Hobbes rewind tape ) you do not want to watch he get gass , make sure he 's kaput ? hobbes I gotta see this priest again . he press play . the tape run : Inside reese 's cell , a scene we have not see before . a priest be talk to the Guard , try to get the door unlock . reese mutter something 0.s. and the camera pan to he ... reese ( quiet , deadly ) Father . ( you ) step in here , I will kill you . scan and convert to pdf by screentalk Magazine - www.screentalk.biz 33 priest ( 0.s. ) you do not really mean that - . reese five second . ( be all it no take ) this register on the Priest 's face . reese be calm , motionless , homicidal . the camera pan to the Priest , hesitate . the Priest look at the Guard , who shrug . camera pan back and forth on this primitive game of chicken : reese stare . Priest stare back , try to make a judgement . reese gesture with he hand : come on in , dude ... Priest still stare ... he blink . lose it . turn , speak softly to the Guard , and walk away . reese coward ! ( yell after Priest ) how can you serve God if you be not get any ball ?! ( flat , to camera ) make sure Hobbes get a copy of this , huh ? - ( diff voice ) johnny boy , you watch ? ( wave at camera ) I hope you be pay close attention ... every gesture , every word ... abruptly reese shut down . freaky sight : live to dead in two second . eye close . motionless . end of scene . Hobbes fast - forward , to he own entrance , and beyond - jonesy hold a sec . I wanna ... he take the remote , press play , and we see : scan and convert to pdf by screentalk Magazine - www.screentalk.biz 34 reese ( on tape ) open you eye , pal . look around - jonesy press reverse , and the tape rewind . he press play again , and we see reese lunge for Hobbes 's hand and kiss it . after a moment , reese begin babbling nonsense syllable , make weird gesture ... jonesy what 's he talk later , dutch ? hobbes so he say . jonesy so this be dutch too ? hobbes {is not it obvious : ) this be gibberish . jonesy oh. ( beat ) you sure on that ? Hobbes blink , wonder ... cuut to : ext . apartment build . twilight . fading light . boy play stickball in the street . Hobbes sit in he car , laptop on he knee , plugge into he car phone . he 's on line , go through old newspaper file , storey on Robert milano . he glance idly up at a window , start to look away , then look again , more closely ... yes , he do see something . a shadow inside . he fold up the laptop . cuT to : scan and convert to pdf by screentalk Magazine - www.screentalk.biz 35 int . apartment build . hall . evening . Hobbes ring the bell . gretta ( 32 , beautiful in a glance way , ethereal but ground , a charming casual manner ) open the door . hobbes gretta milano ? she nod v. slightly - hobbes ( cont . ) my name be John Hobbes . gretta oh yes . you call . neither friendly nor stand -offish . she 's just there . hobbes oflash badge ) May I come in a moment ? she look at he badge , then again at he face . say nothing . hobbes ( cont . ) I want to ask about you father . her face react . here it be , the moment she 's long expect . she walk away , leave the door open for he to follow . int . gretta 's apartment . evening . like a loft , high ceiling . the evening light give the white wall a soft glow . this effect be intensify by the art work : massive reproduction of raphaelite and pre-raphaelite angel . the impact be quite strike , and Hobbes comment : hobbes you be surround by angel . gretta I teach theology at Northwestern . hobbes they be beautiful . he look at she : she 's beautiful too . scan and convert to pdf by screentalk Magazine - www.screentalk.biz 36 gretta ( soft , neutral ) why do you want to know about my father ? hobbes the file on he case be seal . she seem to have no reaction . hobbes ( cont . ) even now , 30 year later , my boss will not say anything . gretta good . ( consider , then : ) Mr. Hobbes , I could tell you what my mother tell I before she die . hobbes I be sorry - ( about she death ) gretta she 's not . but first I have to ask again : why do you want to know ? be it idle curiosity , or - hobbes no. see ... I be the guy who catch Edgar reese , who be just execute - gretta yes , I read about - ( he ) hobbes reese kind of ... give I you father 's name . she look at he rather blankly , say softly : gretta do reese like to sing ? Hobbes nod . gretta and at the end , he touch you or - hobbes ( slightly spook ) kiss my hand . scan and convert to pdf by screentalk Magazine - www.screentalk.biz 37 she close she eye . when she open they again , she voice be different , more somber : gretta you want some coffee ? he nod . as she pour coffee for he , get out milk and sugar : gretta one condition : you and I never speak . no report , nothing in the file . my name , and everything I say , be just between we . be that agreeable ? int . gretta 's apartment . live room . minute later . they sit with they coffee . she 's watch he , think ... gretta you look marry . he 's surprised by the personal remark , but he answer : hobbes divorce . 4 year . gretta kid ? hobbes one nephew . why do you - gretta ( gentle , efficient ) a family man should not risk it . you believe in God ? hobbes just Sunday . my job , see what I see , faith be not easy to sustain . gretta ( factual ) : what you see in you job be nothing . he nod , intrigue ... hobbes Risk what ? you say " a family man should not risk - " scan and convert to pdf by screentalk Magazine - www.screentalk.biz 38 gretta yes . I be think that perhaps you nre here for a purpose you yourself do not yet see . he start to respond to this , but before he can get a word out , she launch into she story : gretta accord to my mother , who be admittedly biased , my father be the best cop on the force . smart , dedicated , incorruptible . he receive a award for catch someone name the kiddo killer , who be preying on ... {there 's more she could say but this will suffice : ) , .. small boy . after kiddo be execute , copy - cat crime occur . my father be implicate . the evidence against he mount : phone call , fingerprint , witness . he go kind of ... crazy . buy a house up in Canada ... go there , and shot himself . hobbes ( idly ) can I go up to the house ? gretta ( subtly paranoid ) why ? hobbes ( pick up something ) why not ? she nod , take this under advisement , and proceed with she story : gretta the Department tell my mother - for the sake of she pension and my father 's good name , all he no do for the force - they have hush it up . I guess they be still keep they word . Hobbes nod . scan and convert to pdf by screentalk Magazine - www.screentalk.biz 39 gretta ( cont . ) please understand , Mr. Hobbes , that everyone include my parent see the evidence against my father and consider it incontrovertible . she lean forward . she look he right in the eye and speak quietly but with enormous intensity : gretta ( cont . ) but I know - for a fact - that my father be innocent of that crime . hobbes how do you know ? she stare at he . hobbes how do you know he be innocent ? gretta " Cause I know who do it . and I think you be next , Mr. Hobbes . I be afraid you be next . that 's all I can tell you . ( stand ) in fact , that 's more than I can tell you . she walk toward the door . hobbes wait a second . you be suggest before that there might be some ether reason I be here ? ~ she give the slight of nod as she open the front door . hobbes ( cont . ) I do not understand . gretta who do ? ( nod politely ) it be nice to meet you . he 's throw by she sudden insistence on get rid of he : hobbes well . if I have further question , or ... can I at least - ( call you ) scan and convert to pdf by screentalk Magazine - www.screentalk.biz int . hall . evening . gretta I have rather you do not . he nod , take aback again . she start to close the door , say softly : gretta go with God . he stop short , turn - but the door be already close . cur to : ext . STREET . night . Hobbes park he car , get out . walk down the street lose in think ... ( there should be a few other pedestrian , not many . ) hobbes ( v.o. , narration ) sometimes it seem like the basic job human being have be to figure out what the hell be go on . ( cont . } though we do not pay attention at this point , a man be strolling up the street , toward Hobbes . hobbes ( v.o. , narration ) example : gretta milano . what be she hide ? what be she afraid of ? why do she end thing so abruptly ? and she final word , " go with God , " what do they mean ? the man have reach Hobbes . with a chill shock we recognize : Charles the anorexic . as he pass , he look Hobbes in the eye - Hobbes look back - for a instant they eye lock - on Charles 's face : the hint of a mock smile - scan and convert to pdf by screentalk Magazine - www.screentalk.biz they pass each other . Hobbes blink , a vague apprehension skate across he consciousness ... on he back , as he walk away from the camera : hobbes ( v.o. , narration ) one never know , down to the smallest thing . the man who catch you eye in the street . do he know you ? do you go to high school together , or be he a stranger ? be he a homicidal maniac who hate you gut on sight , or be he think about robbing you , or be he ( just ) some poor creature try to make a homosexual advance ? ( cont .) Charles the anorexic return to sight , he back become a foreground silhouette , as he watch : Hobbes disappear down the dark street . hobbes ( v.0. , narration } or be it nothing , nothing at all ? CUT to : int . hobbes 's apartment . night . Hobbes enter , stop short . spooky conspiratorial voice . he silently close the front door . he move warily down the unlit hallway ... it feel as if {use subliminal image ? ) monstrous creature lurk in the darkness . at the end of the hall , Hobbes step decisively into the live room - . Art and Sam have fall asleep in front of the tv , which be now play some béw film noir . Sam be clutching a teddy bear . Hobbes gently shake he brother , who turn , disorient : art johnny ? ? hobbes time to go to sleep , art. come on , pull down he cover ... scan and convert to pdf by screentalk Magazine - www.screentalk.biz 42 Hobbes pick up sammy . Art go ahead , wiping sleep from he eye with he knuckle like a little kid ... the spooky film noir music fill the apartment . as they move , the phone ring . Art pick it up : art hello ? hello ? without any reaction or comment , he hang up . this call be such a routine occurrence Art barely notice they . int . art and SAM 's room . night . Art pull down sammy 's cover , and Hobbes lay the boy in the bed . the phone start ringing again . Art pull the cover up , smoothes they . Hobbes watch from the doorway . art johnny . ..? you ever get scared ? * hobbes sometimes . Art nod . the phone keep ringing . the room be very dark . art I too . the phone stop . hollow silence . CUT to : int . elevate subway car . slight overhead angle . night . Charles the anorexic stand , hold the strap . the car be crowded : tired , unhappy people go home after a long day . many people be press against Charles . ( one be a man , mouse face , whom we will soon meet . ) CUT to : int . charle 's apartment . night . Charles open the door , look around : the place be immaculate . he enter , drop he jacket on the floor , he hat on the couch . scan and convert to pdf by screentalk Magazine - www.screentalk.biz another angle . later . Charles be at the stove , make himself a grill - cheese : lonely guy special . the ingredient he 's use be spread over the counter in a messy way . he glance at the portable phone sit in its cradle . it seem to be guilt-tripp he . he pick it up , dial as he cook . charle Mrs. moohr , this be Charles . apparently ... it seem I have have some kind of nervous breakdown , and I insulted you husband . I be very sorry for whatever - mrs . moohr' voice it 's too late , Charles . we hire someone . charle I figure you do , - ( cont . ) the doorbell ring - charle ( cont . ) and I be sorry about it , but ... ohead for door ) the important thing be : will you please apologize to you husband ? mrs . moohr 's voice ( take aback ) I will , Charles , thank you , that 's ... ( very nice of you . ) we always like you , Charles . she hang up . he press off on the phone and open he door - a violent force burst in . a man , but a man possess by the most primitive homicidal fury - wield a hypodermic needle - plung the needle in , again and again , like a knife scan and convert to pdf by screentalk Magazine - www.screentalk.biz 44 savage blur of image , different angle , hand - hold camera , shocking effect . Charles fight back , wave he arm ineffectually , slapping at the intruder . useless . the attack be savage , relentless - Charles stagger back , fall . like a wild beast , the attacker leap : in for the kill . another angle . moment later . a foot . lace be undone . the shoe be remove . sock remove . hand go to Charles 's belt . his shirt be already off . the intruder , mouse face , slowly , pleasurably , strip Charles 's body ... note : description of Charles the anorexic and mouse face be for read purpose only . they specific physical characteristic be immaterial . what 's important be that this role be cast with actor who have pronounce physical trait so we instantly recognize they when we see they a second time . another angle . slightly later . mouse face dump Charles 's body into the bathtub . another angle . slightly later . mouse face stand at the counter eat the grill cheese sandwich Charles be cooking . the thoughtful victim prepare a post- murder snack . as he eat , mouse face take milk from the fridge and a box of cornflake from the cabinet . he carry the cornflake to the table , set it down . look at it . adjust the angle . CUT to : scan and convert to pdf by screentalk Magazine - www.screentalk.biz 4s int . precinct . day . Hobbes have a map of Canada on he desk . a " X % " be mark . there be no road near the " X . " he 's on the phone : hobbes ... dohn Hobbes . I apologize for call but you dad 's house in Canada seem to be seven mile from nowhere . can you get I direction ? call I at the precinct . he hang up and fold the map as jonesy drift over : jonesy I play reese 's tape on the phone to a linguist guy . he 's come down . hobbes prelim ? jonesy say it sound Middle Eastern hobbes any more on muskavich ? jonesy only he pizza . lou ( pass by ) hitting you area of expertise , huh jonesy ? jonesy ( turn on Lou ) look , man : pizza be the staff of life . without pizza and other fine italian food , there be no happiness , okay ? ( turn back to Hobbes ) . there be one slice leave . deep dish : garlic , linguisa and pineapple . a unusual combo , but gina 's over in oak Park have it as a # 17 . plus : there be nothin’ in muskavich 's stomach , so it be the killer 's eat . hobbes you be say the killer might be from oak Park ? scan and convert to pdf by screentalk Magazine - www.screentalk.biz 46 jonesy it 's a shot . lou Hell of a clue , jonesy . better write this up for the journal . jonesy stare at he blankly . jonesy thanks , lou. 1I '11 do that . another angle . later . Hobbes be go through the file on reese , which be still in folder , not in the computer . childhood photo , old letter , school report , a sport clipping from a high school newspaper . Hobbes keep go , examine a series of photo , look into the eye of a killer . then a think come . he dig back and find the old sport clipping . stare at it . int . precinct . hall . moment later . Hobbes come down the hall , open the door int . precinct . video room . day . jonesy and richard louder , a linguist , be watch the tape of reese , as Hobbes enter : hobbes any luck ? jonesy John Hobbes , Richard louder , U. of cc. louder it 's a language all right , but I have never hear it speak before . hobbes meaning ? jonesy it 's a antique . scan and convert to pdf by screentalk Magazine - www.screentalk.biz 47 louder I believe this be a biblical tongue , syrian aramaic . only a few nomadic tribe still speak it . hobbes so you do not know what he 's say ? louder no idea . but if you give I a copy , I can work it . jonesy hey . appreciate that , huh ? ( stand , walk louder to door , they go 0.s. ) if you can hang about fifteen minute , we all make you a dupe . we. stay with Hobbes , who rewind the tape back to reese and the Priest . he turn off the sound , run it forward . watch . jonesy return : jonesy " aramaic ? " ' hobbes I know . Hobbes be play over and over a short section in which reese gesture for the Priest to come in and get . kill , the Priest leave , and reese wave at the video camera ... jonesy Edgar reese drive a fuckin’ bus . he be smart , but self - educate , so a little dutch ? maybe . but some ancient tongue only a few tribesman speak ?? hobbes I find something else . in reese 's file be a clipping from he high school baseball team . he bat right , throw right . they watch the tape . reese be gesture and wave with he leave hand . jonesy so ? he bat right and wave leave . scan and convert to pdf by screentalk Magazine - www.screentalk.biz 48 Hobbes turn up the sound and we hear : reese ( on tape ) ( diff voice ) John ? be you watch ? ( wave at camera ) I hope you be pay close attention -.-. every gesture , every word ... jonesy ( stop tape , eject it ) we gotta get this dupe . {as they exit ) what be you say , Hobbes ? ( cont . } int . precinct . day . conversation continue as they head back to they desk . jonesy ( cont . ) reese do some of the sickest shit on record . he 's speak a language 2000 year old . and you be worried ' cause he 's ambidextrous ??? hobbes I be worried about everything . jonesy go to get the tape copy as schwab come up with a fax and Hobbes 's phone ring . schwab you get a anonymous fax here . some kinda map . Hobbes stare at it as : schwab you drive to Canada ? hobbes ( to schwab ) why not ? ( into phone ) John Hobbes . voice ( mouse - face ) hey pal , need another clue ? Hobbes be silent . scan and convert to pdf by screentalk Magazine - www.screentalk.biz 49 voice ( mouse - face} ) 13393 South Grove , apartment 9 . dial tone . Hobbes look at jonesy , who have return to he desk . beat . hobbes that pizza place , with the # 17 ? jonesy ( pleased , hungry ) you want a pie ? hobbes be it close to Grove Street ? cur to : a series of fix shot , like police photograph . a visual record . a horrifying montage . ext . charle 's apartment . day . icy crisp image of a nondescript building . cop and coroner move in and out , in slow motion . int . charle 's apartment . day . the empty apartment , see through the open hall door . a half - eat grill cheese sandwich on the counter . a syringe on the floor . a gaunt body face down in the bathtub . a unrinse , toothpaste - laden toothbrush on the sink . Charles ' clothes pile in the middle of the floor . the gaunt body be turn over onto its back . written in magic marker on Charles 's chest be the number " 5 - 6 . " Charles 's eye be open . Wide . Hobbes look at Charles , glance at jonesy , then back at Charles . do Hobbes recognize Charles ...? scan and convert to pdf by screentalk Magazine - www.screentalk.biz in Hobbes 's hand : he two quarter go nervously ... the kitchen table . a box of cornflake , a container of milk , a sugar bowl , and a half - eat bowl of cereal . carefully place in a distinctive configuration . mini-stonehenge redux . jonesy nstare at they ) it be not just the same object . they be in the same place . exact. {dourly ) it 's like he 's laughin’ at we . Hobbes turn toward the wall where last time they find write . this time there 's a mirror there . Hobbes be relieved . casually he move the mirror aside . there 's write underneath it . slowly , force himself , Hobbes push the mirror farther ... until he can read : armageddon . hobbes killer have a pretty high opinion of himself . jonesy not the first . Hobbes look around the place ... hobbes you know what 's scary ? jonesy what be not ? hobbes last night , go home , a guy walk the other way look I in the eye . one of that look like he know you , you know ? jonesy nod . hobbes ( cont . } it be the guy in the bathtub , jonesy . the stiff , it be he . why would he look at I ? do he already know he be gonna die ? scan and convert to pdf by screentalk Magazine - www.screentalk.biz sl jonesy tell you the truth , man . I be not smart enough to figure out what 's go down here . hobbes I neither . but I have to . ( start anywhere ) it 's gonna be the same poison , right ? jonesy nod - hobbes ( cont . } how ' bout the number on he chest ? Seven be last Friday , now he 's back to five and six ? where 's six ? jonesy shrug . the coroner go by , carry Charles 's body , wrap in a sheet . hobbes who be this guy anyway ? jonesy everything 's under Charles olom , but it 's some kinda alias . we be run he print . Hobbes nod . turn . find : his own image , stare back from the mirror . CUT to : ext . basketball playground . morning . a blur of move body . Art on the sideline , watch : Hobbes be play basketball with Sam , Toby , and Toby 's father lucius ( 34 , caucasian , bug -ey , gravelly voice , a street black in white skin ) . lucius drive past Hobbes , make a complete hot - dog move for a game - win lay - up , and gloat : lucius you can not beat we , jh ! you get too much flab , man ! sittin 's on you glute all day . you need some gym work ! scan and convert to pdf by screentalk Magazine - www.screentalk.biz hobbes we can beat you , loosh , but it ' 1ll have to be next week . I gotta go . SAM come on , unc. just one more ... in the background , lucius hand - roll a cigarette , light up . hobbes I can not , sammy , I get a long drive . get you dad in here , huh ? SAM ( soft , so Art can not hear ) but he 's a spaz . ( instantly , off Hobbes 's look ) I be sorry , I know , I - Hobbes see jonesy approach , say firmly to Sam : hobbes cherish what you get , kid . Hobbes toss the ball to Art and go to jonesy . Art warm up with Sam and Toby as lucius puff on he smoke . jonesy hey , lucius , how 's pharmaceutical ? lucius toke on he cigarette as if it be a joint . jonesy smile , turn to Hobbes : jonesy Tiffany get you ? hobbes I leave my beeper , what give ? jonesy you know how weird this case be ? hobbes ( there 's more ? ) tell I . jonesy we get a i.d. on " Charles olom . " Real name mickey noon , bear in Oslo , illegal resident , small - time shithead . scan and convert to pdf by screentalk Magazine - www.screentalk.biz 53 hobbes that 's not bad . jonesy that 's not ik . noon be the guy who kill the roosky . it 's he print all over muskavich 's apartment . Hobbes think . jonesy ( cont . ) noon poison muskavich , dump he in the tub , and set out the cornflake . Three day later somebody do the exact same thing to noon . exact . hobbes yeah . exact . ' Cause noon and muskavich be actually kill by the same person . jonesy some kinda ringmaster ? Hobbes nod - jonesy who ? hobbes I do not know , man , but I get a bad feel . jonesy I too . ( dourly } like somebody 's playin’ with my dick and it be not I . cut to : ext. / int . country road / hobbes 's car . day . Hobbes drive through beautiful desolate landscape . Water everywhere . Lakes . narrow road between the lake . it feel like the moon if the moon be mostly water . music accentuate this sense of be in spooky alien territory ... the pavement stop . fork in the road . overgrown dirt road in both direction . no signpost , no aid to the traveller . scan and convert to pdf by screentalk Magazine - www.screentalk.biz 34 Hobbes consult gretta 's fax : both write instruction and diagram ... CUT to : ext . milano 's house . day . a dilapidate farmhouse set back from the road , surround three side by water . Hobbes 's car turn down the long driveway , park . as he walk toward the house , we realize : this be the house from the open of the movie ... the wind blow , create a disquieting effect ... just before he reach the house , Hobbes stop , look around . there be bush but no tree for several hundred yard . this location have one distinctive feature : it would be impossible to approach by car or boat without be see . int . milano 's house . day . the window be cover with decade of grime , so the room be dark . Hobbes flick a switch but the electricity 's off . his eye adjust to the light , or lack of it . a very creepy place . be there rat live here ? snake ? monster ? salvation - army-style furniture , but nothing 's in the right place . the desk be in the middle of the room . chair be turn over . there 's plaster on the floor , from a place where one wall be tear up . every drawer be pull out onto the floor , and old papers be scattered everywhere . int . milano 's house . kitchen . Hobbes look in . empty , barren , as if it have never be use . Hobbes notice mark on the floor . he sweep away the dirt . gradually , to creepy effect , the paint outline of a sprawle body become discernible : this be where milano die . int . milano 's house . bedroom . monastic : a simple cot , a old dresser . a dark sheet hang over one wall . scan and convert to pdf by screentalk Magazine - www.screentalk.biz $ 5 int . milano 's house . bathroom . empty , spartan . Movement . the ancient shower curtain be move slightly . something or someone be behind it . Hobbes hesitates ... step forward ... yank it back - a empty tub . on the wall over it be a break window ; the curtain be move in the breeze . int . milano 's house . live room . Hobbes sit among the papers , slowly sifting through they . he pick up one cover with some form of ancient write ... a second piece of paper have similar write . he turn a sheet of paper over : it 's a photograph . he hold it up to the light , see : a_family . Father , mother , three - month - old child . a joyous - now ironically joyous - image . another angle . Hobbes stand by a bookcase . only one shelf be fill : with old book . - Hobbes take one down , leaf through it . photograph of painting and drawing : demon , gargoyle , monster . Hobbes leaf through a second book , a large one , with photo of church . he 's about to put the book back when he notice a 8 x 10 black - and - white photograph wedge into it . he take out the photo , examine it : a crude painting . at the top be angel . some seem to be push other out , expel they from Heaven . the one who be expell fall toward the bottom of the painting . they arm be outstretch , finger point at , almost touch , the man and woman walk along the bottom of the painting . the man and woman 's face be fill with horror and grief . scan and convert to pdf by screentalk Magazine - www.screentalk.biz 56 Hobbes remove the photo , close the book , look around . he move to the hall , glance for a last time , into the bathroom , into the bedroom ... int . bedroom . day . casually , to check every possible contingency , he pull down the sheet that 's cover one wall of the bedroom : under the sheet be the painting he just see . full size , in color , it 's powerful , creepy . . Hobbes stare at it . blink . look down at the photograph . he 's compare they , look back and forth . he 's notice something . he go to the window , hold the photo up to the light ... he 's look at the lower right corner : in the photograph , that corner be white , perhaps unfinish . but not in the painting . the painting be complete . int . kitchen . in the back of the kitchen be a pantry . most of the shelf hold old can of food , etc . one shelf be fill with paint and brushes . from this shelf Hobbes grab a can of turpentine . int . bedroom . day . various angle . Hobbes be use the turpentine and a old rag to remove the surface paint from the lower right corner of the painting . gradually he uncover the white wall underneath . but the wall be not entirely white . underneath the surface layer of paint , over one section of the white wall , something be write in small black letter . Hobbes apply more turpentine , rub harder , harder ... until the letter be visible . scan and convert to pdf by screentalk Magazine - www.screentalk.biz s7 he stare at they : aaelzz hold image . CUT to : int . / ext . hobbes 's car / freeway . night . Hobbes drive . Dark . few surround car . but when they do come , they light arc ominously across Hobbes 's face . CUT to : ext . downtown STREET . night . Hobbes walk . still think . the pattern of light and he solitary figure make a stark and beautiful image . hobbes ( v.o. , narration ) when I want to think , I walk . ( cont . } seedy neighborhood . Strip joint and hock shop . : hobbes ( v.o. , narration ) I love the night . the street . smell . the sense of strange possibility ... {cont .} Hobbes blink . his face change , snap from reverie to alert . footstep . scary music play ... he walk a few more step . confirm : someone be follow he . hobbes ( v.o. , narration ) sometimes you come face to face with you self . Hobbes glance over he shoulder - see no - one . walk a few step . puzzle . quickly stop and turn again , look : still no one in sight . the footstep have stop too . Hobbes resume walk . scan and convert to pdf by screentalk Magazine - www.screentalk.biz 58 the footstep resume . there 's a powerful spooky sense that he 's be follow by something invisible . he walk ... slower ... slower ... come to a decision . he can not run . he can not hide . he must face it . he stop , whirl - run back toward the footstep - sprint down the street , look every direction , every dark building , every doorway , every park car . nothing . absolutely nothing . he stop , frustrated and wind . ... and spook . jump back to a strange angle . someone be there ... someone be watch he ... CUT to : ext . gretta 's apartment build . day . a clear sunny day , the kind of day which make the idea of evil seem almost absurd . Hobbes wait by the entrance . gretta come out , see he , walk toward the street . hobbes I go up there . she keep walk . he walk with she . hobbes what do the letter aaelzz mean ? she glance at he . do she recognize the letter ? we can not tell . and she still do not speak . hobbes you father write that letter on the wall and paint over they . they be alphabetical so maybe they be scramble or - gretta ( reach she car ) walk away . scan and convert to pdf by screentalk Magazine - www.screentalk.biz 59 hobbes what ? gretta ( get in car ) if you enjoy you life , if there 's even one human be you care about er who depend on you : give this case to someone else . hobbes I can not do that . this be my job . she glance at he , start she car . gretta for you sake , I hope not . ( beat ) I be late for class . she drive away . CUT to : a sheet of paper . at the top be the letter aaelzz , follow by the 720 permutation of this letter . Hobbes be go through they , crossing out the one that be clearly gibberish . we be : int . university library . later . day . a musty library , leather chair and big oak table . twenty name remain on he list : Hobbes be check they in a dictionary . he stop , have find something . stare at it . zoom in on the dictionary and the definition : azazel : in the Old Testament : a evil spirit . Hobbes stare at this . another time CUT . Hobbes now have ancient book on the occult spread out over the table . he pick up one of the book . we see a list of biblical name , include azazel , follow by : " tt be say they must have a host body to survive . " scan and convert to pdf by screentalk Magazine - www.screentalk.biz 69 he think about this . walk around the table pick up one book after another . as he look at each , a piece of the text flash up briefly in boldface : " they speak all the tongue of babel . " " azazel go by the leave hand and have steal the gift of song . " " when they move as spirit , no man can resist . " Hobbes stop , shake he head . what be I do ? he notice a elderly chinese gentleman at the next table . Hobbes stare at he , get a idea . he read again : " they speak all the tongue of babel . " Hobbes put the book down . hesitates . walk over : hobbes Excuse I , sir . can you teach I to say something in chinese ? cuT to : int . precinct . day . schwab hand a fax to jonesy . behind jonesy 's desk be photo ( live , dead ) of muskavich and noon , they apartment , the write on the wall , etc . Hobbes be examine the crime - scene photo , wonder about what he 's just read . Maguire come up : maguire hey hotshot , you still get weird call ? hobbes ( surprised : ) yeah . Maguire hand Hobbes some bill : maguire phone record for muskavich and noon . there be call to you apartment around the time of the killing . scan and convert to pdf by screentalk Magazine - www.screentalk.biz 61 hobbes oh , that 's cute - maguire yeah . I know it do not mean diddly , but it sure make ‘em nervous upstairs . Maguire walk away , and Hobbes turn to jonesy . thinks . hobbes you know : I be startin’ to lose my sense of humor . ( notice fax ) whatchoo get ? jonesy translation come in on the aramaic . whattaya make of this shinola ? Hobbes take the fax . simultaneously we read and hear , from the videotape : hobbes ( v.0.} ( dry , irritate ) why have you ask for I , I be not a priest . reese ( v.0 . } no. ( first in aramaic , then cross - fade into the translation : ) you be still pure . that 's why I could not enter you . ( cont . } intercut : Hobbes 's face , he stunne reaction to this translation , with a more distant Pov : someone watch ... reese ( v.0. , cont . ) and even when I can , even when I be spirit , I will not . no . it 's better I get you for real . I will fuck you up and down , leave and right , come and go . ( cont . ) hold on Hobbes ' reaction to this , and then slowly , under the v.0. that follow , the more distant Pov move , pull back , out a small window into a alley , where : a cat sit on the window sill , look into the precinct . we follow it as it jump down from the window , jog toward the front of the building ... scan and convert to pdf by screentalk Magazine - www.screentalk.biz 62 reese ( v.o. , cont . ) I will get so close to you ... so close it break you . and if that do not work ? well ... ( cont . } the cat reach the entrance to the precinct and rub against a cab driver who 's pause by the door to crush he cigarette . reese ( v.o. , cont . ) I have other way . I have so many many way ... the cab Driver enter : int . precinct . outer room . day . the cab Driver walk to the front desk . as he go , he hand lightly brushes against a blond cop . the blond cop go past the main desk , through the door into : int . precinct . squad room . day . the blond cop head for the Water cooler . he pass Tiffany , touch she hair : blond cop hey , tiff , look cute today . Tiffany nod thanks , go to she desk . before she reach it , the trainee , schwab , come up to she , hand she : schwab another memo - they hand touch as she take it . we realize with a chill : we be watch azazel move . follow schwab to Hobbes 's desk . Hobbes be still stare at the fax of the translation . he fold it up and mutter - hobbes fuck this shit . - as schwab hand he the memo . Hobbes toss down he pen , pick up the memo , start to read - schwab sit on the edge of Hobbes 's desk . he 's do something odd : surreptitiously unbuttone one cuff , pull it down so it cover he finger . scan and convert to pdf by screentalk Magazine - www.screentalk.biz 63 schwab hey , Hobbes , can you tell I something ? hobbes shoot . schwab lean across the desk - a oddly dominant posture for a trainee . he 's support he body with he shirtcuff hand . schwab that fax you get the other day . ( off Hobbes 's look ) the anonymous one , about Canada ... for one long instant , schwab seem physically threaten to Hobbes ... be he about to leap over the desk and attack he ? hobbes what about it ? the moment for schwab to attack ... pass . schwab it be direction , right ...? now we see what schwab be do : while Hobbes look at schwab 's face , schwab be pick up Hobbes 's pen with he shirt cuff . schwab ( cont . ) direction to someplace up in the Lake District ? Hobbes be wary . what 's this line of question about ? hobbes yeah . schwab get off the desk , stand back up . schwab it 's beautiful up there , be not it ? hobbes uh-huh ... schwab mile and mile of water ... Hobbes nod . scan and convert to pdf by screentalk Magazine - www.screentalk.biz 64 out of Hobbes 's sight : schwab fold a copy of the memo around Hobbes 's pen . schwab ( cont . ) I be just curious . why have you go up there ? Hobbes stare at he . schwab smile . he 's back up . Hobbes suspect . hobbes why do you ask , schwab ? schwab 's smile become over , mock ... and to we astonishment he start to sing . under he breath , just for Hobbes : schwab " time ... be on my side ... yes it be ... " freaky . same song reese sing at he execution . Hobbes be stunne - schwab back into Lou , they hand touch . out of Hobbes 's vision : Lou take the fold memo ( with the pen ) from schwab 's hand . and the song move too : schwab " time ... " lou " \.. be on my side , yes it be . " Hobbes know he 's watch something weird . Lou 's walk away , bump into a young black cop name mike . Hobbes see the change in both of they after they touch . and the song pass again : mike " I x11 come runnin 's back ... I will come runnin’ back ... " Hobbes stand as Mike head out toward the front desk - hobbes hey Mike - scan and convert to pdf by screentalk Magazine - www.screentalk.biz 65 too late . Mike go through the door - Hobbes move quickly after he - int . precinct . outer room . day . Hobbes rush out , look toward the exit door : no Mike - turn , see : Mike be behind the main desk . hobbes Mike ? Mike turn : mike what 's the skin , hobbesy ? nothing strange there . Hobbes look toward the door - two people go out : a society woman 52 , and a short man , almost a midget . the almost - midget turn back , look at Hobbes , and grin . Hobbes sprint after he - ext . precinct . day . crowd street . Hobbes rush out , look one way , then the other ; can not see , can not see ; finally spot the almost - midget hobbes hey ! hey you ! the almost - midget do not seem to hear . be he hurry away ? Hobbes shake he head frustrated , do not know what to do - a idea come - he stare after the almost - midget - shout : scan and convert to pdf by screentalk Magazine - www.screentalk.biz hobbes wwa_je - dow nee shu-shay ! wwa je - dow nee shu-shay ! subtitles read : " I know who you be . I know who you be ! " the almost midget do not react , but , nearby : the Society woman turn she head - Hobbes see it - they eye meet - frozen moment ... it 's she . and he know it . the Society woman _is azazel . hobbes ( stunne ; mutter ) Holy shit ... beat . society woman mandarin . very clever . hobbes thank you . he approach she . she smile . make no movement to flee . and we see : she 's hold the memo which cover Hobbes 's pen . hobbes ( cont . ) I do know who you be . she just look at he . defiantly . do not believe it . _ hobbes ( cont . ) azazel . her face shift , fast like slide : surprise / disbelief / fury . her eye small and red . her voice savage and husky : society woman where no you get that , from milano 's place ? there be some thing , pal , you should not know . and if you know , you should never ever tell . scan and convert to pdf by screentalk Magazine - www.screentalk.biz she touch the fat man next to she , who mutter to Hobbes : fat man beware my wrath . Hobbes blink . the fat man turn away , touch someone . then quickly touch someone else . we gather : the first person do not work . we watch the demon move . and we see , though Hobbes do not , that with each touch , the sheet of paper with the pen also pass . one person bump into another , another . in a matter of second , the demon could be any one of a hundred people . Hobbes stand there ponder what the Society woman just say , realize : he make a mistake . int . precinct . detective room . moment later . Hobbes on the phone , listen to a line ring . as he wait , he 's search he desk top - hobbes {to the room ) hey , have anybody see my pen ? huh ? gretta' voice hello ? hobbes ( into phone ) it 's Hobbes . I see it . it come here . JI speak its name aloud . she say nothing . hobbes before I make another stupid mistake , will you please have lunch with I ? ( off she silence ) I need to know something . CUT to : ext . middle - eastern restaurant . day . subtly , eerily : this be more than a establish shot . this be a warning . the restaurant be be watch . scan and convert to pdf by screentalk Magazine - www.screentalk.biz a of int . middle - eastern restaurant . day . Hobbes sit at a booth . the table be cover with appetizer . he 's look out the window . it 's lunch hour , and the sidewalk outside be fill with people casually brush against each other . any one of they could be the demon ... gretta ( 0.s. ) hi. he look up , see she . hobbes thanks for come . she nod . sit . say nothing . hobbes you do not want to talk ? she shake she head . hobbes you be scared ? she look warily around the restaurant - and nod again . hobbes but not too scared to keep do whatever you be do . you just want to keep a low profile . gretta ( smile , nod ) thank you . ( for see who I be ) hobbes what else ? you have like to help I , but you can not . her voice come so quietly we almost do not hear it : gretta we be not suppose to know . we be not suppose to see . like the mafia : they do not even exist . scan and convert to pdf by screentalk Magazine - www.screentalk.biz 69 Hobbes stare at she ... hobbes can they be kill ? gretta ( stare at he , forcefully : ) do not try it , okay ? he nod thoughtfully , not necessarily in response to she question . he 's look she over ... hobbes you say you be scared , but I do not feel it , I do not sense it - gretta I '' also prepare . ( casually ) we all face death every day . hobbes tellin 's me.t ( hesitates ) can I ask you something personal ? gretta everything be personal if you be a person . he laugh - hobbes be ... " prepare " ... be that why you live alone ? gretta there 's a difference . ( off he look ) between risk for yourself and for someone else . hobbes go on . she shoot he a look . he be right : this be the question that cross the line , and she must decide now whether to cross that line with he ... scan and convert to pdf by screentalk Magazine - www.screentalk.biz 70 gretta if I have someone , I would want to share : my life , thought , my work . but if I share this , I no put they at risk . I do not have a right to do that . hobbes you can talk to I . ( off she look ) I do not mean you have to . I do not mean there 's anything else tie to it . just : you can if you want to . she hesitates , reach across , almost touch he hand . gretta thanks , maybe I will . CUT to : ext . park . day . we watch they from a distance . though they themselves do not know it , they look like a couple . they be walk , not quite hand - in-hand , but there 's a naturalness between they , a ease ... closer angle . now we hear what gretta 's say : gretta I keep think ... hope ... well , after what happen to my dad , maybe I will have luck the other way . maybe one day , if I be good and I surround myself with they image : maybe I ’1ll see a angel . hobbes ( gentle , still skeptical ) that would be something . gretta I always wonder ... if they really have wing . scan and convert to pdf by screentalk Magazine - www.screentalk.biz another angle . slightly wider . moving . now they voice be just murmur . we be move with they , watch they through a speckle mass of bush , branch . this be the Pov of the demon . ext . precinct . day . from across the street : gretta nod , smile , thanks Hobbes for a nice time . he go inside . we hear : someone whistling . and what he 's whistling send a chill up we , for it be the same eerie tune that have be play each time the demon be around ... gretta move down the street . the demon 's Pov move after she . he continue whistling . music underscore the tune ... gretta 's strolling happily , look in window , enjoy time outside of time . demon 's Pov move diagonally across the street , to she side . move quickly now , close ground . she stop to look in a store window ... the camera gain more ground , then have to stop , because gretta can see the demon , peripheral vision . the whistling cease . the camera turn , look into another shop window ( lingerie ? ) ... hold a beat , then pan again : gretta 's back on the move . the camera follow , slowly at first , then close quickly , ominously - now only a few foot away - a final surge . a rush , a attack - we pass a store window with sign : sale ! a glint of steel as the demon rush forward - we wince , want to cry out a warning - a knife flash forward - at the instant of impact : scan and convert to pdf by screentalk Magazine - www.screentalk.biz gretta turn into the store - she 's go into a revolve door - the knife get catch in the door . it 's pin , then wrench sideways and throw to the ground . gretta be now in one revolve section , the knife in the next section . the camera hesitates , look through the door : a half - dozen shopper inside , milling around . the camera push forward , into the revolve door ... the demon be enter the store . but as the demon enter , the camera stay outside , pan down : the revolve door come back around ... and deliver the butcher knife back out onto the sidewalk . int . store . day . the camera enter as the demon , then swing laterally and pull back , so it 's no longer the demon ‘s Pov ... we see everyone in the store , include gretta . because of the way the shopper be milling around , we can not tell which person the demon be occupy . a couple of people move close to gretta as she stand at the counter . one bump idly against she , then another . be this the demon’s_ touch ??? behind they : a pudgy old woman with thick glass ( think hitchcock ) enter the store hold the butgher knife . uo old woman ( concerned ) this be on the sidewalk outside . do anyone ... do anyone ... gretta see the knife , realize she may be in danger - she glance around at . the other shopper - they all look perfectly innocent . gretta ease toward the door . as gretta go by , the Old woman ( now hold the butcher knife by the handle , as a assailant would ) give she a sweet smile . scan and convert to pdf by screentalk Magazine - www.screentalk.biz 73 a thin woman make a sudden movement , put herself in gretta 's path , a collision be inevitable - like a halfback avoid a tackler , gretta arch she body , slip past the thin woman - the thin woman grab the man ( moustache ) in front of she - he lunge after gretta - she 's rush to the revolve door - he 's right behind she , reach for she - she push the revolve door - mustache be about to touch she - the revolve door move - but he hand be in she section - it stop the door . his hand , inch from she , wiggling like a squash bug - his face , smile at she - moustache who be you ? she shove the revolve door . it will not budge . his hand strain toward she ... moustache ( smile ) just tell I who you be . she push again , with every ounce of she strength ... the door start to move . his hand be still in she compartment . she glance back as she push , see : his face press against the glass , contort in laughter or pain - she push harder , frantic - scan and convert to pdf by screentalk Magazine - www.screentalk.biz ext . store . day . she exit the revolve door , into heavy pedestrian traffic - mustache emerge after she , throw people rudely aside - she 's short , thin , weave like a halfback - a cab . someone get out , about to close the door - she jump in - moustache leap after she - she slam the door - int . cab . day . his hand land - smack ! - on she window . she jam down on the lock - his finger be spread over the glass , he face grin - gretta drive ! the cabbie peel out . she look back through the rear window : moustache be smile and wave after she like he 's she friend . the hand he 's wave be the one that be catch in the door . it be break and flopping slightly . CUT to : int . precinct . squad room . day . Hobbes sit at he desk stare at reese 's photo . a shadow fall over he . spooky . he look up quickly , see : Tiffany . she gesture with she head : that way . int . precinct . maguire's office . day . Maguire sit behind he desk . somehow it feel larger , more judicial . Hobbes stick he head in the door . scan and convert to pdf by screentalk Magazine - www.screentalk.biz hobbes you want to see I ? maguire yeah , yeah , come in . Hobbes enter , sit . fiddle with he quarter . maguire so . how ya do ? hobbes Fine . maguire that 's good . this murder get you wound up ? hobbes bag the chocolate , Maguire . what 's goin 's on ? maguire where be you when muskavich and noon get kill ? hobbes where be I ? ( amused ) what , I be a suspect ? maguire not to I you be not , but ... hobbes what 's this , the phone record ? I have do that , would not I ? , if I be the killer , I have call home to talk to myself and plant evidence against I ? maguire ( shrug , do not like this ) maybe you would phone you brother or - hobbes oh , right . " Art , I just kill someone , and I be hungry . fix I a burger , huh ? " scan and convert to pdf by screentalk Magazine - www.screentalk.biz 75 76 maguire there 's something else , Hobbes . print . hobbes .- my print ? Maguire stare . hobbes on what ? Maguire look at Hobbes 's hand . Hobbes look down himself , open he palm : two quarter . hobbes quarter ? you find quarter with ... ( my print ? ) but ... somebody could have pick my pocket , or ... or when I buy something ... maguire yeah , but you know how we always say this could be a cop ? Hobbes nod warily . maguire ( cont . ) well , it 's startin’ to look embarrassing . do we both a favor , huh ? save you ass and solve this thing . ext . precinct . day . Hobbes walk thoughtfully to he car . as he put the key in , he notice a piece of paper fold under he windshield wiper . some kind of flyer ? he take it , open it . z00m in on the print as we hear , softly : society lady voice they do not crucify he because he be bad . I just have to convince a few people he be bad . Hobbes whirl around to see if anybody 's watch he . no . scan and convert to pdf by screentalk Magazine - www.screentalk.biz v7 look back at the paper . stare . crumple it . freak out . CUT to : ext . V. large drug store . day . Hobbes get out of he car , head for the pay phone . another angle Hobbes on the phone as a voice answer - hobbes hey loosh , I be outside . you get time for a consultation ? int . drug store . rear pharmacy area . day . Hobbes sit in back with lucius , who we meet on the basketball court . lucius wear a white pharmacist 's coat and be fill two prescription , one with each hand . lucius gH , my man . welcome to the candy store . his eye do a fast scan of the area . like a juggler , he toss one of the pill toward he face . like a lizard , he stick out he tongue and snag it . gulp . so smooth and fast : do it really happen ? lucius prozac : so good . so what 's what ? ( before Hobbes can reply ) I know , nobody leave downtown know jack about jack so you gotta quiz lucius , right ? what 's the bag ? , rare toxin ? some new synth narcotic ? hobbes I be not here on drug , loosh . you be alone once . Chasing someone twice as good as you , twice as smart , no clue . you go out - too far - but you get he . lucius 's act have implode . this be the last thing he want to talk about . he mutter : scan and convert to pdf by screentalk Magazine - www.screentalk.biz 78 lucius mosher . hobbes how ? how would you find he ? lucius ( to end conversation : ) luck . hobbes it be not luck . ( it break you . ) good luck do not break somebody . lucius ( almost nasty ) Close you eye , jh . smell . hear . feel . you sense he near , hit out . but always to the side . oblique . hobbes what the hell do that mean ? lucius a great criminal 's like a genius , man . you can not beat Einstein at relativity . if he 's get genius , you gotta admire it , go with it , use it . Hobbes consider this . lucius ( cont . ) greatness destroy , know what I be talkin’ ? lucius juggle four pill and catch they : two in '' each canister . cur to : ext . hobbes 's apartment build . evening . Hobbes walk from he car toward the apartment building . SAM ( 0.s. ) hi une. surprise , Hobbes look around , see Sam up in a tree with Toby . Sam smile at Hobbes and wave . Hobbes wave back , slow for a second as though disturb by a think he cannot quite articulate ... and go on . scan and convert to pdf by screentalk Magazine - www.screentalk.biz 79 int . hobbes 's apartment . evening . Hobbes come in , hear the shower run , go into he room . everything about he attitude say : the day be over , now I be home and I can relax . and of course this attitude tell we : thing just appear ordinary . something be about to happen . int . hobbes 's bedroom . evening . Hobbes take off he jacket , start to unbutton he shirt ... he stop . look around the room . something 's bother he , he do not know what it be . slowly he eye scan the room ... and come to rest on he desk . int . hobbes ' apartment . live room . evening . Hobbes come out of he room , see Art move down the hall in he bathrobe . he have a towel around he head and be drying he hair , he face ... hobbes hey Art , you do not move my address book , do you ? art what ? hobbes have you see my address book ? Art shake he head , nervously , try to move past Hobbes . something 's strange . Art be hold he towel over he . right eye . he 's not drying he face , he 's cover he eye . Hobbes stop Art , gently pull the towel down , revealing : Art have a black eye . he blink , muster the best face he can ... art I fall . hobbes what ? scan and convert to pdf by screentalk Magazine - www.screentalk.biz 80 art I fall or something . hobbes Art ... people do not fall down and hurt they eye . art they do not ? Hobbes shake he head . art ooh. ( he face work , nervously ) well ... something ... hobbes it 's okay , say it . art it 's ... sammy . he hit I . on Hobbes ' face . blink , realize ... ext . hobbes 's apartment build . evening . ( flashback ) reprise the moment we just see , Hobbes come home . only now there 's different music and we notice different thing : SAM ( 0.s. ) hi unc. Sam 's tone of voice be slightly mock . Hobbes , look , see Sam . Sam be smile down from the tree . but now he smile have a slightly superior , slightly sinister quality . he wave - with he leave hand . and in he right hand he 's hold : Hobbes ' address book . back to scene . art he do not mean to , johnny . really . it be a accident . but Hobbes be already sprinting toward the apartment door - scan and convert to pdf by screentalk Magazine - www.screentalk.biz 81 int . hobbes 's apartment build . hall . evening . Hobbes tear into the hall - bump right into Sam - grab he , yank he up hard to look he in the eye - bewilderment and fear on Sam 's face ; Hobbes be a little rough , out of control - SAM uncle John ? Hobbes see that Sam be now clear of the demon hobbes where 's Toby ? SAM ahh . still outside , I guess . Hobbes drop Sam and sprint away , down the hall ext . hobbes 's apartment build . evening . Hobbes run out of the building , see : Toby sit on the hood of a car read Hobbes 's address book . hobbes leave they alone ! Toby smile , which of course make Hobbes even more enraged : hobbes leave my family alone ! toby why ? you come after I , I come after you and yours . enrage , Hobbes run toward he - Toby run too - with the speed of youth . Hobbes sprinting as fast as he can - Toby 's go even faster . he swerve into the street , weaving recklessly through traffic - scan and convert to pdf by screentalk Magazine - www.screentalk.biz 82 Hobbes watch , alarmed - Cars honk and hit they brake - but Toby be smooth , fearless . he make it across . a scrawny man have stop to watch Toby 's dare - devile . Toby run near he , lunge , grab he arm . the scrawny man move away , and Toby stop to catch he breath . Hobbes pass he . like a concerned parent : hobbes go home , Toby . up ahead , the scrawny man reach in the open window of a big american car , unlock the door . he get in - Hobbes walk toward the car . another angle facing the american car . in the right side of the frame : Hobbes be walk toward the car . ° Left side of frame : the scrawny man open the glove compartment , set something on the dash . he rip open he shirt and hunch over ; he 's do something we can not see - Hobbes get nearer , nearer - the scrawny man work on he chest . something glint on the dashboard . what he place there : a pistol . another angle SHOCK . the scrawny man leap out , fire at Hobbes Hobbes jump to one side - scrawny man keep shoot Hobbes fall , roll behind a park car , draw he gun silence . Hobbes get up , crouch . he 's unharme . he peek out , instantly pull back ... then look out again : scan and convert to pdf by screentalk Magazine - www.screentalk.biz 83 the scrawny man be stand in the middle of the street . his pistol be point at the ground . his face be curiously blank . scrawny man what 's a matter , pal , ( you ) afraid to fight I ? Hobbes think . compose himself . step out from behind the car . face to face . gunfight on elm Street . the scrawny man 's face curl into a smile . scrawny man I know you have come out . I know you , Hobbes . I know who you be . {contemptuously ) wwa_je - dow nee shu-shay ! Hobbes react to the mandarin - the scrawny man start to slowly raise he gun . very slowly . a long suspend moment . should Hobbes kill the demon or ... the scrawny man 's gun be rise slowly , inevitably ... then he arm jerk up , aim - Hobbes whip he own gun up , fire - the scrawny man spin , fall . lies motionless . Hobbes come tentatively toward the body ... look down at it . a collapse hunk of flesh . Hobbes squat , feel the neck : no pulse . he sigh with relief and almost a smile , believe he have kill the demon . scan and convert to pdf by screentalk Magazine - www.screentalk.biz 84 overhead camera on the scrawny man ... then rise ... float up ... move to the sidewalk . all SOUND cease . we have see this camera move before , at reese 's execution . ' the camera come to rest above a teenage girl , 16 , who 's be watch the scene . the camera swoops down onto her face : she laugh maliciously - another angle Hobbes spin , look at the teenage girl . a realization come to he . no , it can not be . but it be : teenage girl wake up , Hobbes . my spirit 's not that easy to kill . she skip happily away . Hobbes stare after she in horror ... rage ... hobbes hey ! she keep go . hobbes ( very strong ) hey you !!! she turn casually , almost amused - hobbes why do not you just kill I ?! - she look surprised he can even ask . be not it obvious ? teenage girl ( feign injury ) but ... I '' still have fun . ( subdued , vicious ) be not you still have fun ? she turn and go . Hobbes stare after she ... cuT to : scan and convert to pdf by screentalk Magazine - www.screentalk.biz 8s same location . minute later . cop swarm . jonesy be interview a dignified black man who 's say the scrawny man fire first . Maguire talk to Hobbes : maguire we get a weird situation here . seem like you be kinda specialize in weird situation , and that in itself be get a little weird , huh ? ( look at corpse ) the guy be a schoolteacher . we know he fire first , witness corroborate , but he gun be fill with blank . plus : he get the gun outta someone else 's car . hobbes yeah . ( realize ) it be all a set up . maguire ( sarcastic ) he set it up for you to kill he ? jonesy ( 0.s. ) now it 's letter . they turn , see : on the schoolteacher 's chest , in magic marker : the letter ez . they stare at it , bewilder . hobbes " easy . " he 's send I some kind of message . maguire the killer 's send you a message ? Hobbes ? this time you be the killer . hobbes sort of . scan and convert to pdf by screentalk Magazine - www.screentalk.biz 86 maguire no fuck " sort of ! " no break ! no benefit of the doubt ! we be goin 's back to the precinet , huh ? off Hobbes - CUT to : int . maguire 's office . night . Hobbes sit face Maguire and Lou . maguire that 's all you can say ? you be chase this teacher ' cause he steal you address book ? Hobbes nod . maguire ( shake he head ) as you know , you have to turn in you gun till we get a formal inquiry . Hobbes stare at Maguire . someone knock at the door . Lou go . Hobbes take out he gun with two finger ( mimick a suspect carefully give up a weapon ) and drop it on Maguire 's desk . Lou be whisper with someone at the door . hobbes ( to Maguire ) you want my badge too ? - Maguire shake he head . Lou move away from the door . maguire I do not exactly like this , Hobbes . Lou whisper to Maguire . Maguire think . as Lou leave the room : maguire I understand you lose you pen , huh ? you be lookin’ around yesterday for you pen ? scan and convert to pdf by screentalk Magazine - www.screentalk.biz 87 Hobbes think for a split-second - hobbes you find it ? {off Maguire 's silence ) where ? maguire in that schoolteacher 's pocket . Hobbes nod . stands . hobbes unless you be gonna charge I with plant evidence against myself , I be gonna go . maguire go. int . precinct . night . Hobbes exit Maguire 's office . the precinct be empty except for jonesy , work at he desk . Hobbes stare at jonesy . a quintessential cop : 55 , overweight , corrupt yet incorruptible . puff away on he cigarette . Hobbes walk over , sit on he desk . thinks . watch : Maguire exit he office , turn out the light , and go . Hobbes walk to the coffee machine , pour two cup . he return , drop one cup off on jonesy 's desk . jonesy nod thanks , keep work . Hobbes sit again on he desk . hobbes hey . jonesy {w / of look up ) hey . beat . Hobbes wave jonesy 's smoke away from he face . scan and convert to pdf by screentalk Magazine - www.screentalk.biz 88 hobbes jonesy ? what 's the point of life ? jonesy the point ? hobbes yeah . jonesy of life ? hobbes yeah . jonesy do not worry ' bout that teacher . it be a clean shoot . hobbes it 's not that . I be really ask . jonesy nod . consider it . jonesy the point be : we catch bad guy . hobbes not good enough . jonesy shrug , go back to work . hobbes ( cont . ) okay , shoot I for talk like this . jonesy hey , it 's two in the morning , you can talk any weird shit you want . hobbes good . ' Cause ... what be we do here , man ? why do we exist ? , why do anything exist ? we , bird , tree , water - jonesy could be God , Hobbes . scan and convert to pdf by screentalk Magazine - www.screentalk.biz 89 hobbes yeah , could be , but I have a hard time believe we be part of some huge moral experiment conduct by a be great than we be . a be great than we be should not give a shit about we . five billion human being ?? we be like ant , man ! do we care what ant do , from a moral standpoint ? jonesy ( a easy one ) ant ? no. hobbes but if there 's no God , how have we get here ? see what I be say ? go back to the beginning , the very beginning of time , the big bang or whatever you wanna call it . jonesy okay , I be with you , the beginning . hobbes right . now what come before ? jonesy ( irritate ) nothing . it 's the beginning . hobbes no no , sorry . something as big as the universe do not just appear out of nowhere ; somebody or some thing have to start it . it 's like : even if there be a God ... who make God ? jonesy stare at Hobbes , puff on he cigarette ... jonesy I be followin’ you , Hobbes ... but I be losin 's you at the same time . hobbes I know , I know - jonesy be we head somewhere here , or ... scan and convert to pdf by screentalk Magazine - www.screentalk.biz 90 hobbes that 's what I be ask you . if there 's a purpose to life , we better figure it out . jonesy maybe you figure it , you die . ( snap finger ) heart attack , stroke . like : if you know what 's what , you be not allow to stick around anymore ; you get promote . Hobbes nod . what jonesy 's say make a odd kind of sense . jonesy ( cont . ) meanwhile : dolore say we be here to do one thing . hobbes one thing ? what be it ? jonesy different . it 's different for everybody . hers be lasagna . hobbes one thing , not two ? jonesy maybe two , I do not know . it 's just she opinion , Hobbes . it 's like : a moment come , you either do the right thing or the wrong . hobbes how do you know when the moment come ? Hobbes 's phone ring . they both look at it . it ring again . the same think have come to both of they : hobbes like : this could be it for I ? ( my moment ? ) scan and convert to pdf by screentalk Magazine - www.screentalk.biz 91 jonesy there 's the beauty ( of it ) , Hobbes : you never know . Hobbes look at the phone , look at jonesy ... pick it up : hobbes John Hobbes . silence . Hobbes shake he head , mutter into the receiver : hobbes hey look , I be not in the mood - gretta 's voice I can not believe you nre there . it 's gretta . I just ... I want to see if you be okay . I talk to you brother - hobbes I kill somebody , gretta . ( softly , so jonesy can not hear ) I be try to kill the demon , and I shot a teacher . gretta 's voice I be sorry , John . I be truly sorry . hobbes well : you warn I . gretta 's voice I try to , but - hobbes azazel can move after he host body die ? . grettan voice yes . a short distance , a short time . hobbes but he can be kill ? gretta 's voice he must be . ... and I be afraid you and I be suppose to do it . scan and convert to pdf by screentalk Magazine - www.screentalk.biz 92 he shake he head . this be too much . hobbes gretta ... I be just a cop , okay ? I be only a cop . he hang up , look at jonesy ... hobbes ( cont . ) I be go home to sleep , and I be gonna sleep all weekend , and nothin’ better wake I . CUT to : int . hobbes 's bedroom . night . Dark , quiet , peaceful ... Hobbes 's gasp face hurty up into frame . nightmare . he look around . blink , nervous . everything 's fine . window close , moon shine outside ; clock read 4:30 . he heave a sigh and curl up , try to sleep . CUT to : int . hobbes 's bedroom . morning . he wake to sunshine , the sound of bird ; he curtain billow gently in the morning breeze ... he stretch , sigh . he 's feel better . int . hobbes ' bathroom . morning . he wash he face . he brushes he tooth . he turn on the shower . he pull off he t-shirt and feel the water temperature : it 's fine . he turn back toward the mirror , start to bend down to remove he boxer short - stop . scan and convert to pdf by screentalk Magazine - www.screentalk.biz 93 face go white . slowly he stand again . turn to face the mirror : on he chest be write the letter E. massive adrenalin hit . re hurtle out of the bathroom , see : the open window , curtain move . it be close last night . Hobbes go to he dresser , take a pistol from the top drawer . int . hobbes ' apartment . live room . morning . Hobbes ' door ease open , he emerge . look , see : everything seem normal . Sam sit on the floor in he pajamas . he 's watch Saturday morning cartoon and play with a bunch of toy car - Hobbes hide the pistol : from Sam 's view . hobbes be you okay ? SAM sure . Hobbes heave a small sigh of relief . Sam be make car engine noise . Hobbes look around for Art or for other sign of disturbance . see nothing unusual . SAM hey. ( with a smile ) what be you do last night ? Hobbes stop . the question send he into a weird psychological torque ... hobbes ( flat ) how do you mean ? scan and convert to pdf by screentalk Magazine - www.screentalk.biz 94 SAM you be doin 's something funny , you be tickle I . ( as Hobbes stare , paralyze ) tickle my chest . like someone force to confront a horrible fate , Hobbes walk slowly over to Sam . hesitates . unbutton the boy 's pajama top . printed on Sam 's chest in magic marker be the letter : KI . SAM {still playful , amused ) why would you write that ? hobbes ( strangle voice ) I guess ... I be try to remind myself : there 's something I gotta do . ( suddenly realize : ) where 's you dad ? SAM in the bedroom . he 's a sleepy head . Hobbes whip he head around , look at the clock : 9:30 . at this sight , Hobbes know . int . art & samn room . morning . shade draw ; just a little light spill in . silhouette . Art lie on he side , turn away from the door , away from Hobbes . Hobbes enter frame , come around the bed , kneel . he can see Art 's face and we can not . he touch Art 's neck , feel for a pulse ... the angle of Hobbes 's head drop slightly . he gently pull down the cover . scan and convert to pdf by screentalk Magazine - www.screentalk.biz 95 he slowly open Art 's pajamas and look at he chest . smash in to close on art 's chest , the letter : el. another angle . Hobbes pull the cover back up , as he find they . he kiss Art 's head ... stand ... walk out of the shot . from this distance and angle it still look like Art be sleep peacefully . int . hobbes 's apartment . day . Hobbes close the door gently behind he . he 's carry some of Sam 's clothes . as he cross the room , somehow he pull himself together . say gently , without hint of he internal disturbance : hobbes we gotta get dress . CUT to : int . hobbes 's build . hall . day . Hobbes be carry a small duffle for Sam . as they walk : SAM where be we goin 's ? hobbes .-. I be not sure . SAM ( pleased ) it 's a surprise ? ( slowly ) why be not we take my dad ? ( tentatively ) be he okay ? hobbes he need some extra sleep . beat . scan and convert to pdf by screentalk Magazine - www.screentalk.biz 96 ext . hobbes 's STREET . day . two cop in a green car watch Hobbes drive out of the basement garage . one of they pick up he radio mike : first cop he 's leave . should we pick he up ? maguire ( on radio ) I do not have the warrant yet . just tail he . the first cop hang up the mike as the other cop pull out and follow Hobbes 's car , which be go slowly down the street .. suddenly Hobbes make a right turn , speed down a incline into a basement parking garage - another angle Hobbes come out the other side of the parking garage into a narrow alley and ram the accelerator . the camera start to rise ... higher ... higher ... as Hobbes criss - cross the neighborhood , go through alley and driveway and parking garage ... CUT to : ext . ethnic neighborhood . day . Hobbes pull into a yellow zone next to a subway stop . Hobbes jump out , Sam scramble across the seat , get out Hobbes 's side . ~ the camera start to pan as Hobbes and Sam go down the subway stair , keep panning to a store window fill with tvs ... on tv : the schoolteacher 's body lie in the street . witness talk . a photo of hobbes . the news " headline " read : " New witnesses say cop murdered teacher . " int . subway car . day . Hobbes sit with Sam , feel relieved . give the boy a hug . a SMALL polish woman across the way be stare at Hobbes . when he notice , she glance quickly away - scan and convert to pdf by screentalk Magazine - www.screentalk.biz 97 the subway roll on , a moment pass ... Hobbes see : over the Polish woman 's head be a religious advertisement : a biblical quotation cite chapter and verse . he stare at this . blink . fumble in he pocket for pen and paper . write : 7 # % s-6 ez E RI EL a beat , then he add : ezekiel 7 , 5 - 6 he 's stunne . the Polish woman whisper to the middle - aged nurse sit next to she . the nurse glance at Hobbes , shrug ... Hobbes see this . look down the row of people across the way . most be read the paper or stare off blankly . but ten yard down a short man be also stare . something be up . hobbes ( whisper to Sam ) do not stand up , but we be get off at the next stop . Sam nod , pleased ; to he this feel like a game . the train roll into the station . Hobbes hold Sam 's hand , keep he seat as other passengers stand up and approach the door . a college couple sit across the way . the girl be now glance subtly at Hobbes ... the subway door open , people get out ... Hobbes wait . other people get in ... finally : Hobbes squeeze Sam 's hand - scan and convert to pdf by screentalk Magazine - www.screentalk.biz 98 they get up quickly and slip through the close door - int . subway station . platform . day . Hobbes and Sam come out , turn to the right - a cop be twenty foot away . he look at Hobbes - Hobbes turn Sam gracefully the other direction and they walk : hobbes fast but not too fast . Sam nod . Hobbes hear footstep approach from behind . his mind race as he try to figure out what to do ... cop ( unsure of the i.d . ) Excuse I ? Sir ? Hobbes whirl , punch - connect to the chin - the cop fall - hobbes run ! Hobbes and Sam sprint down the platform , out the exit door , as other passengers watch in astonishment . ext . subway station . day . Hobbes and Sam run up the stair . when they reach the top , they turn right and start to walk . at the corner be a bus . Hobbes glance casually back toward the subway : no one 's come . they board the bus. cur to : ext . public park . day . a big park , in a lousy neighborhood . clump of tree and bush . - Hobbes and Sam be hide in a dense thicket . Hobbes keep a close look - out : watch the park , the street , the vacant lot across the street ... scan and convert to pdf by screentalk Magazine - www.screentalk.biz 99 hobbes okay , this be what it be . you see the police be after I . they think I do something bad . SAM what ? hobbes I be really not sure . whatever it be , I do not do it . SAM ( nod thoughtfully ) I see that once , on a show . hobbes yeah . there 's nothing more to say . Sam have completely accept he word . he ruffle the boy 's hair : hobbes you want something to eat ? minute later . Sam stand on the sidewalk near the vacant lot , buy two hot dog and a coke from a STREET vender . Hobbes be in the bush , keep a eye on the boy . but slowly he focus change . he 's look past Sam , at the vacant lot : three homeless men cooking something over a large fire . surround the fire be a area 10 yard wide where grass be burn from similar fire . Hobbes stare at it , mutter : hobbes scorch earth . his mind be racing . CUT to : ext . STREET corner by the park . day . Hobbes be in a phone booth . he keep a vigilant eye on everyone in the vicinity . Sam crouch nearby , stand guard . scan and convert to pdf by screentalk Magazine - www.screentalk.biz 100 . hobbes lucius ? Hobbes . lucius 's voice Jesus , man . you be ail over the news - hobbes so I gather . nlook around ) I can not talk long . lemme tell you want I want . CUT to : ext . rooftop . night . move shadow . Hobbes and Sam slip from the roof of one building onto the roof of another . Hobbes look around nervously . start down the fire escape . ext . FIRE escape . night . Hobbes and Sam come down onto a landing , look in , see gretta in she pajamas . Hobbes knock on the window . she whirl , frighten . see he . be relieved , and yet ... she approach the window with a touch of trepidation . he see it . she reach the window . she 's still uncertain whether to undo the security lock and open it the rest of the way . Hobbes stick he hand through the open window . the gesture be - curiously , horribly - reminiscent of the man with the moustache reach for she . but of course it mean something completely different . touch I . trust I . trust I be not bear the demon . scan and convert to pdf by screentalk Magazine - www.screentalk.biz 101 she smile almost wistfully . look at he face ... raise she hand ... they palm meet . join . hold . they eye be join too . she undoe the security catch , as Hobbes help the boy inside : hobbes gretta , this be Sam . she smile , instantly at the kid 's level : gretta hi Sam . Sam grin at she . she glance at : hobbes can I see you Bible ? minute later . Hobbes leaf through the Bible ... hobbes ezekiel ... ofind it ) chapter 7 , verse 5 and ... " and mine eye shali not spare thee , neither will I have pity : but I will recompense thy way upon thee , and thine abomination shall be in the midst of thee : and ye shall know that I be the lord . thus saith the lord GOD : a evil , a only evil , behold , it be come . " he lower the book , somewhat stunne . gretta azazel . a age of darkness . scan and convert to pdf by screentalk Magazine - www.screentalk.biz 102 hobbes ( nod ) it 's come . gretta no . it 's already begin . Hobbes nod again . stare at Sam , who 's have a snack , and blink . come back to reality , back to what he must do : hobbes azazel write on Sam 's chest . unless I do something , he 's next . minute later . Sam sit on the floor . sweet classical music play . gretta be take down small glass figurine , angel for he to play with . gretta now this be the great angel : Michael , and raphael , and metatron . and this be chochma , he 's very wise ... sandalphon : very tall , do not you think ?... and of course shekinah : she 's a personal favorite of mine ' cause she 's a girl . Sam laugh - gretta ( playfully ) which one do you like best ? he smile . his eye be dance . another angle . moment later . Sam be now play with the angel , make they fly and kiss each other , act out some child 's fantasy ... gretta and Hobbes watch from across the room . this be they first real chance to talk : hobbes tell I what 's in the news . she react . have not want to say anything , but since he ask : scan and convert to pdf by screentalk Magazine - www.screentalk.biz 103 gretta they find you brother this afternoon . he nod , pain . gretta and that teacher ? yesterday ? two new witness say you shot first and you plant he gun . hobbes yeah . I be public enemy number one . gretta just like my dad . meaning she know he 's be frame . he smile gratefully . at least she still have faith in he . hobbes so it 's okay ? , we can stay here ? she nod . of course . _ hobbes he 'il take the couch , I 'il take the rug . she look at he ... consider it ... shake she head . int . her bedroom . night . she lie in the bed , watch he . he 's take off he clothes , down to t-shirt and boxer short . get in next to she . beat . she decide something . under the cover , she take off she pajamas , drop they by the bed . hobbes what be you do ? gretta I want to hold you . scan and convert to pdf by screentalk Magazine - www.screentalk.biz 104 beat . he take off he t-shirt and boxer , drop they . gretta that 's better . they embrace . the camera rise slowly to the wall , the image of a angel . the angel 's mouth be open as though cry out in ecstasy ... gretta ( v.0 . ) near as I can figure , we be vessel . ( cont . } another angle . later . camera slowly move to discover they : in bed , cuddle together . gretta ( cont . , 0.s. ) } when we sing , we be vessel that hold song . when we be like this , we hold ged , {finally on camera ) and when we die : we soul depart and we be not vessel anymore . hobbes and when azazel enter we ? she shake she head ; will not say it . he do : hobbes we hold evil . I be scared , gretta . I be scared the demon will enter I . gretta I do not think it can . some people be - hobbes not by touch . as spirit . when its host body die , it can move as spirit , right ? , be not that what you say ? a short distance , a short time ? ( quote book ) and " no man can resist . " scan and convert to pdf by screentalk Magazine - www.screentalk.biz 105 gretta well sure . if people be stronger when we nre fight for we life ... ( why not demon ? ) he nod . thinks . hobbes greatness destroy . gretta what ? hobbes I '' just say : sometimes a strength can be a weakness , know what I mean ? int . gretta 's apartment . dawn . under another print of a float angel : Hobbes , dress to go , sit on the floor by the couch , hold Sam 's hand . the boy be barely awake . hobbes Sam : I have to tell you something . Sam 's eye open a little farther . he look at Hobbes . beat . SAM my father . hobbes yes . SAM I know . Hobbes look in he eye , see he do know . Hobbes squeeze he hand . hobbes also ... I have to go away . you be go to stay with gretta . Sam look past Hobbes , to where gretta stand in she doorway , in she pajamas . scan and convert to pdf by screentalk Magazine - www.screentalk.biz 106 hobbes I want you to know : whatever people say about I , and whatever I do ... I be do it for you , okay ? , because I love you . Sam look up at he . blankly for a long moment . SAM I be go to go back to sleep . fclose he eye ) and when I wake up , everything 's go to be better again . this almost break Hobbes 's heart . gretta sit : beside Hobbes , beside Sam . hobbes ( to she , indicate Sam ) you sure it 's okay ? ( for he to stay here ? ) she nod . not a casual consent . hobbes you know what that mean , do not you ? she look at he blankly . hobbes { cont . ) you be not " low profile " anymore . gretta yeah . it 's okay . ( slightly ironic ) I be ready . he take she hand , squeeze it . look at she - hobbes they do not have wing . ( off she look ) you want to see one ? , look in the mirror . she kiss he hand . fervently . camera move in on she face . she 's cover he hand with kiss . like a silent movie shot . and then slowly ... he hand pull away . she 's leave alone . CUT to : scan and convert to pdf by screentalk Magazine - www.screentalk.biz 107 ext . lucius 's house . day . suburban neighborhood . gretta 's car pull up , Hobbes honk . lucius bounce out of a modest split- level house . he wear pants , no shirt , no shoe . he glance around warily , hand Hobbes a smail paper bag . Hobbes slip he a wad of hundred dollar bill . hobbes loosh : I know you think I have cross over , I know you think you be insane to do this , but I truly appreciate you trust . in he time , lucius have hear a lot of similar horseshit from addict , killer , con -men : lucius yeah , yeah . just be careful , huh ? he turn away , and Hobbes drive off : int . gretta 's car . day . Hobbes punch a number on the car phone . as it start to ring , he remove the content of lucius 's paper bag and slip it into he shirt pocket . jonesy 's voice jonesy - hobbes hey . jonesy 's voice hey . where be you ? hobbes yeah , right . I just want tell you : when the moment come ... the right time , the right place : you know it . jonesyn voice what place ? Hobbes smile slightly ( jonesy have take the bait ) and say nothing . scan and convert to pdf by screentalk Magazine - www.screentalk.biz 108 jonesy' voice ( cont . ) where you goin’ , Hobbes ? hobbes nowhere . literally . gonna take a long drive , go someplace no - one ' 1ll find I . sit by the water and think . ( the action slow dramatically , down to eerie nanosecond ... ) hobbes ( v.o. , narration ) you must be wonder : what 's Hobbes do ? do not he know he 's give it away ? do not he realize '' azazel " will enter every cop on the force until he find this out ? of course , that 's the idea . but I have to be careful . very careful ... normal time and action resume : Hobbes still drive . jonesy 's voice hey Hobbes , I gotta ask you something . Hobbes see a police car come toward he ... as calmly and naturally as he can , he pull to the side of the road . hobbes shoot . jonesyn voice we be partner a long time . the police car glide past . the cop look casually in Hobbes 's direction . Hobbes use the phone receiver to block he face . hobbes yeah , twelve plus . Hobbes look in he rear-view mirror , watch the cop car continue ... slowly ...up the street ... jonesy' voice so . be there something you wanna say ? ( do you want to confess ? } scan and convert to pdf by screentalk Magazine - www.screentalk.biz 109 Hobbes see the cop car turn the corner , vanish from view . Hobbes sigh relief , focuss on jonesy 's question : hobbes yeah . you be a good partner , jonesy . jonesy 's voice ( a smile in he tone ) you too , Hobbes . see you , huh ? I will never see you . hobbes yeah . he hang up , drive back out into traffic . cur to : int . car . night . Hobbes drive . his face be grim . hold this shot so that it seem to pierce inside he and give a sense of time passage : the long drive up there . then he turn the wheel and we be : ext . milano 's house . night . as Hobbes turn in the long driveway , he headlight catch metal on a distant hill . another car be hide in the bush . hobbes ( blink , mutter ) you fly up , huh ? he park , get out . he 's get a flashlight in one hand , car key in the other . as he go toward the house , he flick the key into the bush . the action be so quick and minimal that someone at a distance would not read it . he walk up onto the porch , glance in the window : it 's dark inside ; no sign of anyone . Hobbes move to one side of the door ( in case someone come out ) , lean against the wall of the building , shout out into the darkness : scan and convert to pdf by screentalk Magazine - www.screentalk.biz 1210 hobbes come on out ! I know you be here ! moving Pov at some distance from Hobbes . a spooky , menace shot , the Pov of a stalker : bush in the foreground , Hobbes in the b.g. hobbes ( cont . ) what do you want now ? have not you have enough fun ? ( answer himself ) or be there something more ? ( cont . ) second moving Pov different angle , from the other side of the building so that we realize : there be two people after he . like the other shot , this one say : vicious killer . hobbes ( cont . ) what ? another test ? another torture ? you get I to kill someone . you murder my brother . what more do you want ?! Maguire step out into view . maguire I just want to bring you in . Hobbes turn to face Maguire . hobbes so it 's you . wwa je - dow nee shu-shay ! maguire I know you have get a gun . Drop it . hobbes ( move toward Maguire ) or else what ? you ' 1l shoot I ? that would be too easy . where 's the fun in that ? maguire just drop the gun , huh ? scan and convert to pdf by screentalk Magazine - www.screentalk.biz beat . jonesy ( 0.s. } do what he say , Hobbes . Hobbes whirl around . see jonesy . mutter : hobbes two of you ? this do not fit he plan . he look back and forth between they , try to decide which one be azazel , and then focuss on he partner : hobbes npain at the idea ) jonesy ? ( be you azazel ? } jonesy say nothing . the other man be on opposite side of Hobbes , 40 yard apart , and so far : both of they be in character . Hobbes carefully take out he gun , drop it , stall for time : hobbes I do not do it , guy . I do not do any of it . jonesy I know that , Hobbes . maguire we would both like to believe that . but we have to bring you in . beat . jonesy why ? Maguire blink in astonishment , shoot jonesy a look - jonesy ( cont . ) what if we come up here and he would disappear into the wilderness ... and we drive he car into the lake , end of story ? scan and convert to pdf by screentalk Magazine - www.screentalk.biz 112 maguire what the fuck’re you talkin’ , jonesy ? we come to bring in the son-of - a- bitch so he could stand trial . if he do it , fine . if he do not , even better . but it 's not we job to decide that . half beat . jonesy you be quite right , mack . I do not know what get into I . ( step forward ) sorry Hobbes . ( raise he gun , aim : ) I gotta put on the cuff . jonesy move forward . Hobbes 's eye be shifting ; he 's try to figure out how to escape . and which - if either - of this man be the demon . jonesy stop 20 foot from Hobbes . still aim he pistol right at he , so Hobbes have no chance to run . a odd freeze moment . why do jonesy stop ? jonesy you know , Maguire ... life be chock full of surprise . jonesy move he gun just five degree - from Hobbes to Maguire . Maguire frown . jonesy shoot . a look of complete astonishment on Maguire 's face ... and he fall dead . Hobbes be also stunne . be this the real jonesy orc the demon ? hobbes why no you do that ? jonesy ( casually ) come on . I be you partner . ( gesture toward wood ) go on , you be free . run. scan and convert to pdf by screentalk Magazine - www.screentalk.biz 113 Hobbes look at the wood , then back at jonesy . he be not sure . if he run and jonesy be the demon , will not jonesy shoot he in the back ? jonesy ( smile ) keep think , Hobbes . Hobbes ' expression change ; he suspect - jonesy ( nasty , amused ) so. now jonesy 's fuck too . he just shot he boss . Hobbes dive through the close window into milano 's house - " jonesy " laugh . he walk casually toward the house ... " jonesy " ( cont . ) how ' bout that , Hobbes ? you be fuck , jonesy 's fuck . one at a time , eh ? that 's how we get you . one by one ... " jonesy " move around the house , glance quickly in window , as if try to draw Hobbes 's fire ... " jonesy " ( cont . ) see the deal ? ( if ) I kill you , it 's the final pathetic chapter in the life of another disgrace hero . you be just one more piece - of- shit human scum . ( cont . ) 7 " jonesy " come to the kitchen door . stand to one side , he throw it open . " jonesy " ( cont . ) ( cheerfully ) or , turn it around ! if I die , I will enter you - and before you go down , I will put 20 more murder on you tab ! he jump : scan and convert to pdf by screentalk Magazine - www.screentalk.biz 114 int . milano 's house . kitchen . night . '' jonesy '' hurtle into the kitchen , eye dance with anticipation : he love this shit . " jonesy " ( cont . ) do I have a preference ? huh ? what 's maximum fun ? I think you can guess , can not you ? , what maximum fun be ? his eye have adjust to the darkness . he see no sign of Hobbes . gun lower , he step from the kitchen into : int . milano 's house . live room . night . he enter , look around , see nothing . slowly he raise he pistol toward he own head ... " jonesy " ( cont . ) sure you can . his gun move slowly , inevitably , toward he temple ... " jonesy " ( cont . ) maximum fun be ... {with a big smile ) I become you . just before the barrel reach he skull - Hobbes fly at he out of the darkness - they careen to the floor - oe they be wrestle over jonesy 's pistol . vary shade of blackness , a few streak of slashing moonlight . they body entwine , grapple . visually : it feel like we be watch something mythic . hobbes what do you want ? my heart ? soul ? you will never get ‘em . " jonesy " fuck you , and fuck you heart , and fuck you soul . and that 's a promise . scan and convert to pdf by screentalk Magazine - www.screentalk.biz 115 be " jonesy " weaken ... or be it intentional : the pistol be now point at he head . but Hobbes do not fire . why ? he keep push the point of the gun lower , lower ... till it 's aim at " jonesy 's " chest . a wrenching burst of energy . the man fly apart as the gun go off - silence . we can not tell who be hit . both body lie immobile in the darkness . we hear " jonesy " laugh . he 's on the ground . bleed . Hobbes appear over he . " jonesy " ( pain , playful ) eww , you get I , Hobbes . but be not that just ego ? , huh ? , to want to kill I yourself ? what difference 's it make ? hobbes not much . { cont . ) Hobbes take a cigarette pack from he shirt pocket . knock one out , light it . hobbes ( cont . ) but sometimes little thing be important . ' side , I want to talk . ( puff on cigarette ) I think you be right : what reese say ? milano be just like I . and he be try to do just what I be . that 's why he buy this place , seven mile from nowhere ... ( another puff ) but you do not get it , do you ? he do not quite pull it off , so you do not get it . '' jonesy " get what ? hobbes you do not get it with he , and you still do not get it with I . scan and convert to pdf by screentalk Magazine - www.screentalk.biz 116 " jonesy " I do not get it , and I do not give a shit . hobbes do not you ? open you eye , azazel . look around sometime . the way Hobbes say this be creepy , as though he 's win . for the first time in any human body , azazel ( as " jonesy " ) look nervous . his eye scan the room ... hobbes ( cont . ) do not you see anything ... different ? " jonesy 's " eye come back to Hobbes , puffing away . " jonesy " stare at he . " jonesy " ( frown ) you do not .... he stop talk , overcome by a wave of pain . Hobbes smile casually , take another puff . hobbes what no you say ? " jonesy " I say ... you do not ... ( talk with great difficulty ) you do not smoke . Hobbes smile again , take a even bigger draw , a long and heavy draw , pull the smoke down into he lung . hobbes that 's right , jonesy . I do not . a horrible look of realization come onto " jonesy 's " face . hobbes ( cont . ) ' Cause cigarettes kill . " jonesy " no ... hobbes especially : cigarettes lace with poison . scan and convert to pdf by screentalk Magazine - www.screentalk.biz 117 " jonesy " noooooo ! he spin , writhes , he body contort , he eye roll back - hobbes ever hear of a " scorched earth " policy ? a army destroy its own country before the enemy invade . '' jonesy 's " body clenches ... he glare at Hobbes ... hobbes Seven mile from nowhere . you get no place to go but I . " jonesy " start to shake ... harder , harder . hobbes come on , azazel . enter I , and we die together . suddenly " jonesy " have a huge horrifying spasm - and stop . completely . Dead . overhead shot , tight on " jonesy " . all SOUND cease . the camera float up slowly ... move over Hobbes ... Hobbes stare down at jonesy 's body ... on he face as he wait for the demon ... very softly , almost inaudible , say goodbye to this world : hobbes God bless you , gretta . God bless you , Sam . he close he eye . his face start to sweat . we sense the invisible battle to enter Hobbes . very subtly : he breathe become harder , more intense . he take another drag on the cigarette ...frown ... wince ... back to the overhead camera . it hover ... hover ... and goe : scan and convert to pdf by screentalk Magazine - www.screentalk.biz 118 swooping down violently onto hobbes 's face - he yank the cigarette from he mouth , hurl it across the room - his face hard , enraged . " Hobbes " be now azazel . he stagger out the door . beside the door we see : he cigarette have land on some scattered papers - ext . milano 's house . moonlight . " Hobbes " fly out onto the porch , look at the car in the driveway , pat he pants pocket - and then remember . curse . head for the bush . ( here the action repeat , from a different angle , what we saw at the outset of the movie . " '' hobbes " stagger forward , search the bushes for the car keys as he mutter " God damn , God damn , God damn ! " , find the keys , then tries without success to move away from that spot . under this : ) " hobbes " ( v.o. , narration ) like I say at the start . I be beat . outsmarted . poison . ( snide , outrage } by John Hobbes . ( cont . } at this moment we realize , with a horrifying chill : this movie has_b d not by Hobbes he demon azazel occupy Hobbes 's body . " hobbes " ( v.o. , narration } he would think of everything . even throw away he key ' cause he see I no park far away so I have want to use he car . his body crash to the ground . falling onto he back . his hand move to he chest - " hobbes " ( v.o. , narration ) can you imagine what it feel like to be alive for thousand of year and then actually die ' cause some self - righteous Chicago cop decide he be go to save the fuck world ??! scan and convert to pdf by screentalk Magazine - www.screentalk.biz 119 his eye flicker . he 's fade . and something else be happen too : he voice be change ... become deeper , raspier , full of air ... the " natural voice " of the demon be come through ... " hobbes " / azazel ( v.o. , narration ) thank god. thank God there be other demon . we will prevail . he die . silence . everything still and beautiful in the moonlight . hold . the camera draw slowly back for the end of the film . .. close music start ... and happy music too . the audience must feel a sense of real satisfaction : Hobbes ( the real Hobbes ) have win . with he " scorched earth " maneuver , Hobbes have kill " Hobbes , " kill the demon . we pull back farther , farther ... and as if to cement we relief : " the end " appear on the screen . the instant this word appear there be a horrible noise - the word be wrench away - something 's move in the moonlight . a tail flicker ... smash in close on : a cat yowling ! Hair up on end , arching its back : possess by the demon ! the cat slowly turn ... toward the camera . and wink . azazel ( v.o. , narration ) {playful ) fool you . the cat sit , lick its paw contentedly ... scan and convert to pdf by screentalk Magazine - www.screentalk.biz '' 120 azazel ( v.o. , narration ) do not you remember ? I say I be go to tell you about " the time I almost die . " behind the cat : light be flicker ... a red glow ... milano 's house be go up in flame , provide a spectacular backdrop to the demonize cat . the cat look over at Hobbes 's body , at the burn house ... azazel ( v.o. , narration ) I better get move . I have a long way to go . ( cont . } the cat head up the road . trotting at a steady pace ... azazel ( v.o0 . , narration ) at least seven mile . the cat 's figure gradually disappear into the night ... azazel ( v.o. , narration} ( slightly mock ) see you around . the cat vanish . only darkness . end credit . possible sequence under title : the cat disappear into darkness . the darkness intensify , become black . then the black turn mottle , gray , grayer , we be see something but we can not tell what it be . gradually more definition appear . we be on a city street . people be move . lot of people . walk : some casually , some in a hurry . and idly , casually , without even know what they be do : they be touch one another . scan and convert to pdf by screentalk Magazine - www.screentalk.biz