fantastic four script by Mark frost and Michael France fantastic four by Mark frost and Michael France base on the Marvel comic book by Stan Lee and Jack kirby shoot script fade in : close on a massive steel head we first think : DR. doom ? but it 's not move . a welder 's torch spark into frame in the hand of a sculptor on scaffold . this be art , a epic 20 foot statue go up of a business mogul ( victor von doom ) in whose generously extend hand sit two intertwined column of DNA . his face be chisele , angular , perfect ( too perfect ) . past spark , we move down to pick up ... ext . STREET / von doom industries tower - day reed richard and BEN grimm head toward the soar glass - box atrium of vdi headquarters . design to inspire awe , it do . reed High open space , expose structural element . obviously aim at first time visitor to create feeling of ... smallness , inadequacy . Ben glance at reed , who look a little nervous . BEN good thing it be not workin ... reed , what be we do here ? this guy 's fast - food , strip - mall science -- reed this be not we first stop , in case you forget NASA . and Victor 's not that bad . he 's just a little ... ( see the statue ) larger than life . int . von doom industries tower - day they move past the statue , into the sprawling atrium . reed he 's finance some of the biggest breakthroughs of this century . BEN you would never know it . he motion to a high - tech orb , show footage of vdi 's accomplishment : a safe and clean nuclear facility , the first private Space Station . all image have victor front and center , glad - handle George Bush , tony Blair , shady International leader . the last image be Victor hold the america's cup . BEN ( cont 'd ) Jesus . that too ? they reach three stern receptionist . reed reed Richards and Ben Grimm to see -- a receptionist cut he off , hand they each a pass . female receptionist executive elevator , top floor . BEN what 's the price for a smile round here ? they head for the elevator . reed carry a small , black box . as they enter the elevator , steel door shut and we CUT to -- int . von doom industries tower - office - day a large , dark office . Ben in the corner . he yawn , watch ... bright hologram : star . planet . they hover in the air , make the room feel like a majestic portal into outer space . reed ( o.s. ) my research suggest that exposure to a high -energy cosmic storm bear on solar wind might have trigger the evolution of early planetary life . reed stand among the hologram , speak to a mysterious figure in shadow behind a desk . a ominous , pulsating red cloud cover the star . it wash over a hologram of earth . reed ( cont 'd ) in six week another cloud with the same elemental profile will pass Earth 's orbit . a study in space could advance we knowledge about the structure of the human genome , and help cure countless disease , extend human life -- the shadow clear he throat . reed speed up , emotional . reed ( cont 'd ) give kid the chance to be stronger , healthier , less prone to -- shadowed figure turn it off . please . the figure 's deep voice pierce the darkness . reed but I have not fully explain my -- shadowed figure yes you have ... imagination . Creativity . Passion . that be always you trademark . light brighten , revealing the face behind the voice : victor von doom . 35 , handsome , commanding . he look almost ... airbrush . he drop a wired magazine to the desk . reed be on the cover over the word : richard bankrupt , grant cutback . victor but dream do not pay the bill , do they ? ( a condescending smile ) same old reed , the hopeless optimist . still reach for the star , with the world on you back . reed you remember in school we talk about work together . that 's what I be about to explain ... reed press the remote . another hologram appear : a shuttle slowly approach a orbiting space station . both bear the von doom industries logo . Victor smile , more intrigue . victor so it 's not my money you want . it 's my toy ... tell I : if NASA do not trust you , why should I ? Victor be a step ahead . reed pause , throw for a beat . Ben wake up , suspicious . Victor notice . he notice everything . victor ( cont 'd ) that 's my job . to stay a step ahead . to know what other man do not . Ben get close to reed , turn toward the door . BEN I can not take this . reed ( low , quiet ) Ben . this be business . just work . a beat . Victor crack a smile , enjoy the tension . and ... sue ( o.s. ) he 's right , Ben . they turn to see ... sue STORM ( demure , stun ) stand in a corner ... possibly for the whole presentation . a little cold : sue ( cont 'd ) it 's just business . victor I think you both know my director of genetic Research , Susan Storm . BEN heya susie . ( under breath , to reed ) one more thing he 's get . Sue gracefully walk into the office , only take she eye off of reed to give Ben a warm hug . sue Ben , it 's be too long . she give reed a polite handshake . Victor watch carefully . reed look uncomfortable in she gaze . a little tongue-ty . reed you be , you have , I mean , how have you bee -- sue never better . Victor size they up . he put a hand on Sue 's shoulder . victor this be not go to be a problem , be it ? reed not at all . sue ancient history . Victor smile , eyeing Sue . victor good . then you be just in time to hear the great reed Richards ask I for help . ( to reed ) you know , you make a lot of folk at MIT feel like a junior high science fair . so you will excuse I if I savor the moment . Ben tighten . a hard beat . reed suck it up . reed you back this mission , and I will sign over a fair percentage of any application or -- victor the number 's seventy - five . and it 's application and patent . BEN what about he first bear ? reed ( quiet ) Ben , the money 's not important . we could save life . Sue give a thin smile -- a flicker of old feeling . victor twenty - five percent of a billion be enough to keep the light on , be not it ? maybe even pay off you fourth mortgage on the baxter Building . they look at Victor . how do he know all this ...? victor ( cont 'd ) deal ...? reed look at Ben , who shake he head softly no . but reed ... drop a nod . done . Victor smile , offer a handshake . victor ( cont 'd ) well then , to we future . together . Victor squeeze . hard . his other hand on Sue 's shoulder . victor ( cont 'd ) funny how thing turn out , be not it ? reed hilarious . as reed and Sue lock eye , Ben watch Victor . wary . int . victor' office - moment later - day director of Communications leonard enter , check file . victor if reed 's right , then this little trip will double we stock offer . leonard and if he 's not ...? victor reed 's always right . good thing he do not always know what he 's get ... int . von doom industries tower - elevator - moment later reed and Ben step into the elevator . BEN he know about NASA . what if he make the call to shut we down -- reed Ben , think about all the people we can help if this work -- BEN maybe you should think about yourself for once . you always let this guy push you round -- reed we get what we want . that 's enough . BEN I know , I know . I be just worried about what he want ... speak of which ... reed follow Ben 's eye to ... sue . she join they . Doors shut . int . von doom industries staircase - continuous sue you sure about this , reed ? he nod , head down . he do not want eye contact . reed that solar wind be flaring , but I factore they into my coordinate and -- sue I be talk about we . work together . Sue hold she eye on reed . he be clearly uncomfortable in she gaze . do the elevator just get smaller ? reed ( think , talk fast ) well , uh , base on we history ... you can handle the biogenetics , and I will focus on the molecular physics . or , uhm , maybe I should take the biotech , you work the microscope , since you have some background in electropho -- sue ( droll , a little annoyed ) right . that 's exactly what I mean . she shake she head -- same old reed . he look at she -- what do he say wrong ? Ben smile , patting reed on the shoulder . BEN Way to not overthink it . ( to Sue ) so when do we leave ? sue I will schedule the launch . call I in the morning to talk about resource and crew . she offer a business card . reed do not take it . reed I , uh , think I remember the number . sue it 's be change . beat . Ben grimace . reed take the card , he eye down . reed as far as crew , I be hope Ben could pilot the mission -- sue well , he 's welcome to ride shotgun , but we already have a pilot on we payroll . you remember my brother johnny ... off Ben 's curdle smile , we dissolve to -- ext . lake launch facility - day a helicopter shot through tree . we soar over timberland , and find something massive loom on the horizon : a spacecraft . a sleek take on a space shuttle . modern tech combine with industrial design that NASA could never afford . the craft 's nose be point straight up , ready for launch . worker in jumpsuit be scattered around the two-hundred foot tall scaffold , perform routine check . ext . gantry overlook - day Ben stare up at the craft . a sneer on he face . BEN can not do it . I can not do it . reed external srb , orbital system engine . its just like the shuttle you fly in -- BEN no . I can not take order from that underwear model . that wingnut wash out of NASA for sneaking two Victoria secret wannabe into a flight simulator . reed youthful high spirit . they walk toward the base of the scaffold . BEN they crash it into a wall . a flight simulator . reed I be sure he 's mature since then . close on johnny STORM , lean over to kiss a hot redhead . pull back to reveal he 's riding a motorcycle , and she 's drive a red corvette with license plate : frankie . pick up reed and Ben , watch through binocular . reed ( cont 'd ) when have I ask you to do something you absolutely say you could not do ? BEN five time . reed I have it at four . BEN this make five . int . lake launch facility locker room - night reed and Ben unpack gear into locker . suddenly -- johnny ( o.s. ) Captain on the bridge ! Ben go to attention on reflex : johnny snap a picture with a digital camera . then advance , as Ben realize who it be ... johnny ( cont 'd ) digital camera : $ 254 . memory stick : $ 59 . the look on you hard - ass former CO 's grill when he find out he 's you junior officer : priceless . Ben eyeball johnny , suddenly reach up as if to grab he . johnny flinch . but Ben just reach for johnny 's zipper , adjust he uniform . BEN I can handle the ship . I can even handle Mr. blonde ambition . but I do not know if I should be fly or play Vegas in this suit . who the hell come up with they ? sue Victor do . Sue enter , wear she blue , wetsuit- like uniform , carry a stack of flightsuit . she hand they out to the guy . sue ( cont 'd ) the synthetics act as a second skin , adapt to you individual need to -- johnny keep the hot side hot , and the cool side cool ! reed wow. fantastic . reed stare at Sue in the skintight outfit . she wonder , maybe hope -- be he actually check she out ? reed ( cont 'd ) material make from self - regulate unstable molecule . I have be work on a formula for this . sue great mind think alike . victor ( o.s. ) guess some think faster than other . Victor enter , wear he custom - tailore flightsuit . victor ( cont 'd ) I hire armani to design the pattern . this color will look great on camera . a door open . Leonard enter , in a sharp suit . leonard they be ready for you , sir . victor showtime . ext . lake launch facility - hall - night Leonard lead Victor through the hall . Victor check himself in mirror as he walk , fix he hair , he uniform . leonard we number be through the roof . the ipo 's tracking at fifty , sixty a share . the bank 's five time oversubscribe -- victor it 's not just the money . I could make money in my sleep . leonard then what be it ? victor History , Leonard . History . everything else be conversation ... ( a beat ) how 's the other matter ? Leonard pull out a BOX . open it : a ten karat diamond ring . leonard Harry Winston send he regards . they hit a set of big door . Victor stop and look into the reflective , metallic surface on the wall . he fix one last strand of hair . perfect . then he open the door to ... SNAP ! SNAP ! SNAP ! whip - pan a row of cameras snap shot of -- ext . lake launch facility - night retrofitted into a makeshift press area . Victor sit on a platform , with reporter stretch out below he . victor today we stand on the edge of a new frontier . in the furthest depth of outer space ... we will find the secret to inner space . the final key to unlock we genetic code lie in a cosmic storm ... behind the action : reed , Sue , johnny and Ben walk past . News crew barely notice , pass without even take a picture . we " fantastic four " be not exactly big news . not yet . BEN be not that you speech ? reed he 's make a few change . BEN this be you dream , reed . you should be the one up there . reed Victor 's better at this thing . just past the press area , they see ... one woman stand , wait . this be debbie , Ben 's fiancée . and for the first time in the entire film ... Ben smile . they hug , kissing . johnny and reed watch . reed glance at Sue , who walk ahead . Debbie slip a photo into Ben 's flightsuit . a tender beat . BEN I will be watch over you . debbie just get back soon , or I start look for a new groom . Ben look at the little engagement ring on she finger . BEN soon as I be back , I be gonna trade that in for a bigger rock . debbie I do not care about rock , I care about you . ( to reed ) you bring he back in one piece , or you can forget be best man . reed nod , smile . Debbie give Ben a last kiss . Ben turn to johnny , who give a cocky smile . BEN what the hell you smile at ? just keep you mouth shut , and you mind on that smb -- johnny actually , the engine be sme . hydrogenbase , carbon propellant . couple generation past you last ride . ( at the threshold ) I be not as dumb as you look . Ben just glare at reed . this be go to be a long trip . as they follow after Sue , we CUT back to -- victor on stage mid-speech . play behind he be reed' hologram : star give way to a pulsate red cloud ... victor think of a world without genetic flaw -- no asthma , allergy , baldness , breast cancer ... Ben and reed hear the speech . Ben bristle . BEN what 's wrong with be bald ...? Victor smile at the crowd , commanding . a true leader . victor darwin discover evolution . now we -- I -- will define it . only in America could ... the red cloud of cosmic ray wash over the Earth . victor ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) ...a little country boy from latveria build one of the biggest company in the world , and truly reach the star . now if you will excuse I , history await ... on that word , the hologram transform to ... von doom 's shuttle on the launch pad . boom ! thruster FIRE white hot . smoke billow across the pad . ready for take off . Victor walk past the hologram and exit . his departure perfectly time with the shuttle lifting off . we push in on the shuttle , and follow the ship as it leave Earth 's atmosphere . boom -- booster rocket fall away and the shuttle fire its thruster . the hologram transition to ... a shot of the space station high above the Earth . the shuttle enter from the top , lighting up the hologram with engine afire . as the shuttle approach the station we CUT to -- ext . deep space - same the space station in the distance , rotate in orbit above Earth . the shuttle ease in and dock . int . space station - command CENTER - same Victor and Sue lead the other into the command center . johnny ( a " dad voice " : to Ben ) if you behave , maybe next time daddy will let you drive . BEN keep talk , there will not be a next time . reed be focus on the earth . sue Long way from the projection booth at the hayden planetarium , be not it ? reed turn towards she -- a little stunne that she would bring that up . it 's the first time she 's be nice to he so far . he smile , gently , hesitantly , always hesitant with Sue . reed yes . yes it be . johnny and Ben exchange a look . reed keep look at the star , eye wide , like a little kid . int . space station - command CENTER / observation deck - same they enter the nerve center of the space station . Victor go to a computer console on the observation deck below . the window be close , so there 's nothing to observe . victor ( to ground ; via comm - link ) Leonard , how 's the feed ? leonard ( v.o . ) record , sir . we see you perfectly . Victor glance at a camera mount into the console . sue we can monitor the cloud 's approach and observe the test from here . BEN be it safe ? reed the shield on the station should protect we . BEN should ? victor what 's wrong , Ben ? eighty -million dollar worth of equipment not enough for you ? Ben turn to Victor . a little tension . reed cut it : reed let 's start load that sample . get you suit ready , Ben . Victor keep he eye on Ben . victor so you still do all the heavy lift ? Victor give a friendly smile , patting reed . victor ( cont 'd ) maybe you should have stay back in the lab . field work never suite you . reed do not defend himself . Ben step up . BEN he do the talk . I do the walk . get it ? Victor hold tight to he smile . he nod , condescending . victor get it . so take a walk , Ben ... I be go to borrow Susan for a second . reed sure . Ben and johnny read he eye , as we CUT to -- int . space station - AIR lock - later Ben prep for a space walk , put on a helmet and boot . johnny unload a set of clear sample box off of a cart , each contain a variety of plant . johnny please tell I you dawg 's not try to rekindle thing with my sister . BEN ' course not . strictly business . johnny yeah , well , he eye say different . BEN hey , two heart get bust last time . maybe she 's not over it either . johnny let 's see : you get Victor , stud of the year , more coin than God ? or reed , the world 's dumbest smart guy worth less than a postage stamp . hmmm , it 's a toss -up . BEN put you tiny little mind at ease . johnny do not you wander off , boy . johnny step out of the air-lock and shut the door . he look through a small window to see Ben give the thumb up . the airlock door open , and Ben gracefully step into space . int . space station - observation deck - same time Sue descend the stair at Victor 's behest . join he . victor surprise I agree to reed 's proposal ? sue I understand the business reason . victor well , when you be look at you future , it never hurt to find closure about the past . Sue 's eye narrow . what be this about ...? victor ( cont 'd ) Susan , every man dream that he will meet some woman he can give the world to . he press a button and the observation deck 's outer window open up , revealing a spectacular , romantic view of the earth . victor ( cont 'd ) in my case , it 's not just a metaphor . while she stare out the window , Victor reach into a pocket , revealing a ring BOX . Sue look unsettle . int . space station - nearby corridor - same time reed check data on a work station , set on a wall . the result of he calculation be not what he expect ... he see wind velocity digit rise . he do a double - take when he see the readout : event threshold , t-minus 10:00 . reed no...no ... impossible . it 's ...too fast . int . space station - observation deck - same time behind he back , Victor hold the ring box in hand . victor you have be with I two year now . Sue do not know where this be go . she tread lightly . sue it 's be a good two year , Victor ... the company 's accomplish so much . victor right , of course , the company ... but you see , I have come to realize all the accomplishment in the world mean nothing without someone to share they with -- sue uh , Victor , I hope I have not do something to make you think ... victor Sue , I have live my life unafraid of take big step . and this be the biggest step yet . if it help , think of this as a promotion . a merger of sort ... ( get closer ) four little word that can change we life ... he be about to spring the ring on she . she look like a deer in headlight . she open she mouth , and ... wham ! Doors slam open . reed rush into the room . reed the cloud be accelerate ! Victor quickly put the ring back in he pocket . reed ( cont 'd ) I do not know what happen . Sue quickly move to a nearby control panel to verify reed 's claim . start punch button . confirm reed 's finding with a nod . Victor harden , in control . reed ( cont 'd ) we have get minute until it hit , not hour ... Victor , that storm 's deadly -- the radiation 's lethal . we need to abort . victor get a grip . reed . we do not come all this way to lose we nerve at the first little glitch . just close the shield ... reed Ben 's still out there -- victor so reel he in . but we come here to do a job . so let 's do it . quickly . ext . space station - moment later Ben be carefully arrange sample box of plant . reed ( on radio ) Ben , we need you back inside . Ben turn to see reed and johnny stare from a window . BEN ( into radio ) I be not do arrange you flower , egghead . reed ( on radio ) Ben . this be serious . turn around . Ben see johnny motion for Ben to look behind he . Ben turn and see : the cosmic STORM , rumbling toward the station . not close , but not far . that get Ben 's attention . BEN ( into radio ) Roger that , on my way . he turn back towards the ship . behind he , the storm grow . int . space station - command CENTER - same time Victor rush into the room , look at the monitor . see the other near the airlock on one screen , and the approach cloud on another . anxiety creep across he face . automate voice event threshold in two minute . int . space station - airlock door - same time reed and johnny stand by the airlock , wait for Ben . they hear the automated voice . it panic reed . reed come on , Ben , come on ... victor ( on radio ) reed , we be run out of time . ext . outer space - moment later a wake of turbulence from the cloud hit Ben , make it harder to maneuver . the cloud 's tendril snake toward he . int . space station - airlock door - same time they can see Ben outside the window , still twenty yard away . the entire corridor rumble . light flicker and spark . they watch helplessly . int . space station - command CENTER / observation deck - same Sue watch the monitor , also helpless . sue johnny ... reed ... Victor , annoyed by the indecisiveness , march right up to Sue . practically shove she aside as he hit the intercom . victor reed , you need to get up here so we can close the shield ! now ! Sue glare at Victor . his lack of compassion shock she . reed ( on radio ) not until Ben be back inside ! victor it 's too late for he , and soon it will be too late for all of we . Victor do not bother to wait for a response . he take over the console , punch key . sue what be you do ? victor raising the shield . sue you can not leave they out there . Sue glare with as much contempt as she face can muster . victor watch I . reed have he chance . you can not help they any more than I can . beat . she take a step toward the door . not sure what to do . sue I can try . with one final glare , she bolt from the room . int . space station - airlock door - same time reed bite he lip . thinks . he decide . reed Victor 's right . johnny , get to the command center . Close the shield . johnny what about you ? one look from reed tell johnny , he will not leave without ben. johnny eye Ben , steel he courage . he 's not go either . johnny ( cont 'd ) ( to Ben ) come on big guy , you can do it ! int . space station command CENTER - day Victor watch the shield slide down . alone . a island . automate voice event threshold in thirty second . int . space station - corridor - same time Sue race down the hall . not panicked . with determination . ext . space station AIR lock - day the exterior air lock door slide open . in agonizing , weightless slow motion Ben reach to haul himself inside . the lead edge of the cloud hit : Ben be pelt by a hiss mass of space dust , splattering he suit with orange stain . larger particle , small pellet , pepper he . Ben haul himself in the last few foot by pull on he tether . int . space station AIR lock / command CENTER - day automate voice event threshold in ten second . ten ... johnny punch control to close the exterior airlock door ... reed open a first aid kit , grab a thermo -elastic blanket ... int . space station - command CENTER / observation deck - same clutch the diamond ring , Victor stand defiantly . show absolutely no concern for the other . interested only in the event itself . light and equipment fall , crashing around he . a control panel explode in Victor 's face . he jump back , and into the fall equipment . collapse under the weight . int . space station - AIR lock - same time Sue round a corner , see reed and johnny . sue johnny ! reed ! automate voice five ... foooouuur ... slow motion : everyone freeze in position as : -- johnny be hit with spark of flame from a control panel . -- reed reach out for Ben and the airlock door . -- vapor stream pour down on Sue from a blow gasket . -- the space dust burn into Ben 's skin . slow motion : just before the exterior air-lock door close , a single particle zip through the narrowing gap and hit Ben in the back , rip through he suit . the exterior door shut and seal . the station lose all power . darkness . ext . space station - day as quickly as it come , the cloud pass on and whirl away , leave the space station intact . power quietly flicker on . silence . time resume . all four pick up exactly where they leave off , unaware of anything that just happen to they . int . space station command CENTER - day Victor emerge from the rubble . he stand , check he body . a few scrape , nothing serious . a thin , throbbing CUT on he head . he touch the wound , but it be not bleed . int . space station AIR lock - day reed and johnny scramble to open the interior air lock door . Sue join they , as they pull Ben in . they try to remove he helmet . we do not see he face , but he 's clearly unconscious . reed he 's not responsive -- johnny Ben ! ben! int . von doom compound hospital room - day a black screen : johnny' voice Ben , wake up ! wake up ! subjective camera , ben' Pov : the blurry image of johnny come slowly into focus , stand beside a hospital bed . BEN ( o.s. ) where ... where be I ? johnny back on Earth . Victor 's medical facility ... we be in quarantine . BEN ( o.s. ) reed ? ... Sue ? johnny they be fine . everybody else ... be fine . johnny look away , as if he can not bear to lay eye on he . BEN ( o.s. ) what 's wrong with I ? johnny I swear to you they have do everything humanly possible . the best plastic surgeon in the world , Ben . you have the best -- BEN ( o.s. ) give I a mirror ... johnny pick up a hand mirror on the bed table before Ben can reach it , reluctant to give it to he . johnny they say that 's not such a good idea , the shock alone could -- BEN ( o.s. ) give I the god damn mirror ! Ben grab it from he . then slowly raise it to look and see that ... except for some serious stubble , Ben 's totally normal . johnny unfortunately , the doctor just could not do anything to fix you face ! he cackle as he head for the door . Ben heave the mirror at he , break it into hundred of piece . he turn to the side - table , and grab that picture of debbie . it calm he . ext . von doom compound - establishing - day a modern facility of glass and stone , nestle in the forest . in stark contrast to the lush greenery surround it . int . von doom compound hospital corridor / sue' room - day reed walk down the hall . his hair be graying at the temple . he pass johnny , who be smile , still enjoy he joke on Ben . johnny slow , look at reed 's hair . johnny Nice ' do . go for the " grandpa " look ? reed pass a mirror , slow , see he gray hair . he keep go . he pass a partially open door . he stop when he catch a glimpse of Sue asleep in bed . he see a vase of flower . he grab a couple lily , and enter . but reed see ... the room be already filled with expensive flower . all from victor . reed be trump once again . a doctor write on Sue 's chart . a wall tv play a press conference with Victor , outside the facility . he look worse for wear . a few hair out of place , and a small bandage on he face . we push into the press conference -- reporter # 1 you have be accuse in the past of move science a little too fast -- victor accuse by who ? my competitor ? reporter # 2 but surely this accident give you pause -- victor danger be always part of discovery . what would have happen if Ben Franklin never go out in a storm ? without risk , there 's no reward . reporter # 3 so where 's the reward ? you promise a cure -all . Victor pause . for the first time . just a flicker . victor and you will have it . I have never come up short . and I be not go to start now . reporter # 2 so you be still take vdi public -- victor yes , of course . I have never be more confident in the compan -- reed mute the television . reed how 's she do ? doctor stable . vital be strong . reed take the clipboard , look for himself . reed blood panel show no irradiation . good . you will step up this protocol , every -- doctor four hour . we know what we be do ... one more day of observation , then you be all clear . the Doctor take he clipboard , and walk out . reed step to Sue , with the droop flower in he hand . quiet : reed Sue ... I want to tell you ... I be ... whoosh . a nurse roll in with a tray bear ten more extravagant bouquet . reed look resign . he walk out . reed ( cont 'd ) she 's allergic to orchid . put that amaryllis apapathos by she bed . the African lily ? they be she favorite . reed exit , drop he two wilted lily into the trash . Sue open one eye , as the big lily land by the bed . int . von doom compound hospital room - day a sexy nurse wheel a testing station into johnny 's room . he 's stripped down to calvin , change into a ski outfit . sexy nurse and where do we think we be go ? johnny I do not know if " we have " notice , but the sickest run this side of the alp be right outside that window -- nurse I have notice ... but doctor 's order , you be not allow to leave until we -- johnny finish the test , I know -- could you give I a hand with this zipper ? nurse you know this be not a ski resort . johnny not yet . johnny open the cardboard box , revealing a colorful fiberglass object the size of a briefcase . in the blink of a eye , he unfold it into a long snowboard . johnny ( cont 'd ) luckily grandma still send care package . the nurse pop a thermometer in he mouth to shut he up . nurse you be trouble . johnny ( thermometer in he mouth ) brubbles my triddle name . they both pay more attention to he zipper than the digital read -out : it run right up past 98.6 , then accelerate fast . sexy nurse you be hot ! johnny so be you ! sexy nurse I mean , you feel a little feverish . johnny I have never feel better in my life . when do you get off work ? sexy nurse my shift end at four , but I could not -- johnny meet I at 4:01 , top of the run . that will give you a minute to freshen up . he hand she the thermometer , a quick kiss and he 's out the door . the machine beep : johnny 's temperature be 209 degree . ext . von doom compound hospital patio - day Ben find reed on a patio with a panoramic view . reed work at a laptop computer . BEN how long be I out ? reed Three day . I be worried about you . how be you feel ? BEN solid . Ben can see reed do not look too solid . BEN ( cont 'd ) how you do ? reed shake he head , look back at he screen . reed I do not know . I just keep go over and over the number . BEN reed . even you can not compute every little thing . reed I should have do more , run more test -- Ben get closer , push down reed 's computer screen . BEN it be a freak of nature . last I check , you do not have a crystal ball . let it go . reed consider . but he can not let it go . he open he computer back up , return to work . Ben shake he head , look out at the view . his eye catch on something , wheel turn . BEN ( cont 'd ) you go through something like this , make you appreciate have the right woman in you life . reed yeah , you and Debbie and perfect -- BEN reed , I be not talk about Debbie . reed follow Ben 's eye to a lower level patio : sue . reed what ? come on . she 's get a good thing with Victor -- BEN I be sorry , do that cosmic-bath loosen you screw ? reed he 's smart , powerful , successful -- BEN well maybe you should date he . reed look at Ben , resign . reed Ben . he will give she the life she deserve . she end up with the right guy . thing work out for the best . reed step away . Ben stand alone , a idea sparking . BEN do I have to do everything myself ? int . helicopter / ext . mountain summit - day the chopper hover over this pristine peak . johnny and he nurse sit in the chopper-bay , prepping they ski gear . johnny 's customize snowboard have wild , acrylic pattern . his nurse wear a hot pink cat-suit , she skis dangle out . they body be close : a sexy , competitive flirtation . they look down at a death - defy black diamond run . johnny I like -y . sexy nurse stay right . Left be trouble . johnny I though we go over this . sexy nurse last one down spring for room service . she pull down she goggle , jump out . johnny drop out after she , hit the snow . he smolder : literally . the snow bank behind he sizzle and start to melt . he take off after she and the chase be on : ext . black diamond run - day the nurse know every inch of the trail , slice expertly in and out of the tree through deep powder . johnny 's a speed freak , maximize velocity , close the gap between they . ghostly flame shoot off he hair : he ski cap catch fire , fly off . jet of fire knife through the back of he jacket . the nurse look back : in a burst of speed , johnny draw even . she look over and see the flame shoot out behind he ... sexy nurse you be on fire ! johnny not this again -- sexy nurse no : you be on FIRE ! johnny see he glove be burn , flick they off in alarm . his body shudder : the back of he ski suit catch on fire . a burst of flame launch he down the slope like a rocket . nurse lose concentration , fall . johnny race away like a missile , scream in exhilaration . he look back -- no nurse . he try to put out he flame clothes , and accidentally veer to the left . he fail to notice the giant chasm in front of he . he face forward and ... screeaamm ! launching off the cliff , legs flailing , try to catch ground . flame begin to trail he body as he fall towards the rock below . he try to will he body away . instead , he body become engulf in flame . he be a human torch ! and for a moment he hold the AIR -- the fire give he some kind of ... lift . he maneuver just over the rock , almost make a 90 degree turn . he look back at the rock in disbelief . but the lift do not last long . he quickly crash , landing hard into a snowbank . he open he eye ; try to move but can not . he 's trap under snow and ice . with all he strength , he try to move , no dice . panic set in . his eye go wide as the snow around quickly begin to melt . johnny be on fire , and within second he 's sit in a small pond , steam rise from the water . the nurse race toward the steam . scare , panicked . she find johnny ... smile , sit naked in a impromptu hot tub , stare at he hand . his body . exhilated . johnny Care to join I ? she smile and unzip . the flame dissolve to ... candle in -- ext . von doom compound - victor' office - day on a expansive parapet with a billion - dollar view , Victor prepare a romantic dinner - set as he staff scurry about . he check every fork and knife , with a slightly manic energy . victor how 's the ipo ? leonard stable . we be look at low twenty . it 's a good number , consider the fallout from -- victor reed 's disaster . you know , I half - think he do this to I on purpose . leonard Sir , I be sure he would not put himself -- but Victor be on to the next think , always strategize . victor get I on the am show , Larry King , cover of the Journal ... ( stare into silver tray ) I have get to do something about this scar . make sure they only shoot my right side . leonard actually , uh , people seem to think the scar " humanize " you . victor and that 's a good thing ? Victor look at the scar , enraged by this defect . it glisten in the silver tray . his eye be bloodshot , sleepless . leonard you know , maybe you should get some rest -- victor later . first , I have get some unfinish business . a deal that need close ... Leonard look at the table , the lavish spread . a beat . leonard Sir , I have always wonder ... why Sue ? you could have any woman in the world but -- victor that 's why . because I could have any other woman ... you know , when they ask caesar " why England , " he say , " because it 's not mine . " int . von doom compound dine hall - late afternoon two dozen employees sit and eat . other serve themselves at the buffet . Ben and Sue walk into the dining hall -- sue I can only stay for one drink , Ben . I have get to meet with Victor . BEN would not want to keep Vic wait . they turn a corner and find reed , enter by another door . BEN ( cont 'd ) hey reed , what be you do here ? ( before he can answer ) great , why do not you join we ? he quickly shepherd the two of they toward a quiet table . Ben 's stomach growls ; so loud that they all can hear it . BEN ( cont 'd ) God , I be starve . gonna hit the buffet . Ben 's stomach growl again , even louder this time . int . von doom compound dine hall - evening the sun be long go , and so be most of the diner . the room be darker , more romantic . Ben finish the last shrimp on he plate , push it away , belch prodigiously . BEN pardon I ... Sue and reed stare at he . Ben 's stomach growl again . reed be you alright ? BEN I think I need to lie down . bad shrimp . this be Ben 's plan , but he really be not feel well , unsteady when he walk away . he look down at he stomach . BEN ( cont 'd ) really bad shrimp . angle : fireplace . Sue look gorgeous in the light . a beat . a long beat . reed do not know where to start with this woman . reed feeling better ? sue yes , thanks . reed that 's good . that 's uh ... good . sue you always have a way with word . ( a awkward beat ) I should be get back . Sue get up to leave . exasperate , reed try to think of something , anything , to say . reed I be really happy for you and Victor . she slow down , look at he . she be hope for more . sue you be happy for I and Victor . reed I can tell you guy be enjoy what be the best part of we relationship -- sue which be ? reed Passion . we see surprise on Sue 's face , and ... reed ( cont 'd ) for science . sue ( frustrated ) you be such a dork , reed ... you never get it and never will unless it 's explain to you in quantum physics . as if trigger by she emotion , the fireplace light around she bend . the flame flicker in a ghostly breeze . reed what ? what do I say ? she look more disappointed than angry . sue it 's never what you say . it 's what you do not say . what you do not do ... she let that hang . a lot of history here . quiet , hurt -- she want reed to fight for she , to show some emotion . reed I ...i ... I just want to -- as Sue 's emotion swirl , she slowly ... disappear . sue it 's be two year , and all you can say be you be happy for I and some other guy ... ( stand up , hurt ) you know , Victor may be a lot of thing , but at least he 's not afraid to fight for what he want ... ( reed look down ) and it 's nice to be want sometimes . to be hear ... see ... reed , look at I . he look up ... but all that 's leave of she be the blush on she cheek and she bewitch eye . he drop he fork , shocked . reed uh , Sue ...? I can not . sue what ? what do you mean you -- reed Sue ... look at you hand . she raise she hand , but we do not see they . we only see a medical waistband ... float . her watch ... float . her clothes appear to be suspend in mid-air . Sue be invisible . she shriek and get up -- knock a glass off the table ... slow motion : the glass fly off the table , tumble ... reed instinctively reach for the bottle : he arm stretch two foot out of he sleeve -- grab it just before it hit -- then snap back into place . reed stare at he arm in disbelief . Sue 's eye widen as well . the rest of Sue reappear . they look at each other : mutual alarm . johnny ( o.s. ) you guy will not believe what just happen ! they look up to see johnny in the doorway , naked except for the nurse 's pink parka wrap around he midsection . int . von doom compound - victor' office - early evening clunk . the candle burn low on the table . Victor stride out , head for the door . he run he hand through he hair to comb some stray . a clump come off in he finger . he pause . he step to a mirror , stare at he hair . his scar . it be longer than the bandage now ( as if it spread ) . Victor peel back the bandage , and see the scar be bluish - gray . deep , unhealthy , maybe infect ... int . von doom compound - hallway - early evening double door burst open . reed , Sue , and johnny urgently walk . sue it have to be the cloud . it 's fundamentally alter we DNA . reed let 's not jump to conclusion , we need a massive amount of evidence before make that leap . reed glance over he shoulder . he stare . Sue follow he gaze to see : johnny 's fingertip be on fire . he snap he finger . they go out . he 's totally unharme . johnny now what be up with that ? reed ( deadpan ) the cloud have fundamentally alter we DNA . johnny cool . what would it do to you guy ? sue apparently I can disappear . johnny please tell I you go silent too . only one thing on reed 's mind -- reed we have to find Ben . ext . von doom compound - outside BEN be room - early evening johnny snap he finger -- which generate small explosive burst of flame . he turn it on and off , like the " clapper . " johnny flame on , flame off . flame on , flame off -- sue johnny . he do it again . flame on , flame off . sue ( cont 'd ) stop it . johnny okay , " mom . " reed 's about to knock on Ben 's door when he hear the bang , moan and plead inside . johnny smile . johnny ( cont 'd ) oh , you dawg you . better not be my nurse ! int . von doom compound - ben' room - early evening reed ( o.s. ) Ben , be you there ? a creepy rippling movement begin beneath the sheet and gradually intensify , reflect in the fabric 's surface : the contour of Ben 's body be change , inflate , grow rough and craggy . SOUND of grind heavy rock . sue ( o.s. ) open up Ben , we need to talk . it all stop . a beat , then all four leg of the bed give way and it crash to the floor . under the cover , he groan in pain , and he voice be deeper , gravely , but definitely clear : BEN leave I alone !!! int . von doom compound - outside BEN be room - early evening reed decide they can not wait any longer . he kneel to the floor . he concentrate , not sure if it will work ... suddenly , he arm stretch , thin enough to creep under the doorjamb . int . von doom compound - ben' room - early evening reed 's arm wriggle under the door . it bend upward , swiping clumsily , until it finally grab the knob . rubbery finger find the latch and unlock the door . int . von doom compound - outside BEN be room - early evening reed focus , and pull . his arm snake out from under the door and snap back into place . his flesh and bone reforming before they eye . johnny stare at reed . johnny ewwwwwwww . that be disgusting . they hear a tremendous smash from inside the room . int . von doom compound - ben' room - early evening they open the door . the room be trash . every stick of furniture smashed to splinter . reed ... Ben ? they eye adjust ; there 's a huge hole where the window use to be . they rush to it . look out they see something large in the distance , run away . johnny what be that thing ? sue I think that thing be Ben . reed look out , emotion roiling . be that he best friend ...? suddenly , Victor come around the corner ( bandage bigger ) . victor what 's go on ? sue Victor , be you feel alright ? he consider , but never show weakness . he nod . victor just a little bang up . a couple scrape . why ? reed Ben do this . victor Ben do this ? reed he 's have some kind of ... reaction to exposure from the cloud . and he 's not the only one . sue we need to find he . Victor redirect he attention to Sue . sue ( cont 'd ) Victor , I be sorry I -- victor ( cold ) just find he . Victor stride off , leave the other . johnny anybody know where the big guy 's go ? we push in on a picture of Debbie lie on the floor , reed know exactly where Ben be go . reed he 's go home . ext . train yard - night a view from Brooklyn : Manhattan glisten in the distance . camera move down to a train yard , where we find empty cargo train . we push in on the main track , where ... a cargo train have just stop . we hear a cargo door slide open , then whump ! Big feet hit the ground . someone , or something barrel into the night . ext . big & tall shop - night a lock storefront on flatbush Ave . SOUND of break glass . int . big & tall shop - night series of shot : Ben try on clothes , shoe . jacket rip , shoe split . he need a extra extra extra large . ext . pay phone - night a huge figure be huddle in shadow . it 's ben. close on : the dial pad . Big finger try to push key but they be too large . Ben try for a few second , get more and more frustrated . he manage to press " 0 " with he pinky . BEN hello , Operator ? Ben look up the street , into the 2nd story window of a modest , work - class home . his eye go soft when he see Debbie grab the phone . BEN ( cont 'd ) Deb ... it 's I . I need you to step out front . debbie out front ? you home , baby ? I get a surprise for you . he blink hard . sad , dark . BEN I get a surprise for you too . ext . brooklyn house - night Debbie step out . there be " welcome home " sign over the door . she look out . the wind blow softly . something shift in the darkness . Debbie pull she robe tighter . debbie Ben ? BEN ( o.s. ) do not come any closer for a sec . this be gonna be kind of a shock ... you remember when we say " together forever no matter what " ? debbie baby , you be scare I . a hang beat . and Ben ... step into the light , where we see he for the first time : he 's huge , easily twice the size he once be , and a orangy rocky surface cover he entire body . Debbie see he . fear wash over she , not sure what to think . he reach out , a little tentative . she flinch back . debbie oh my g-g-g . what do you ... do to Ben ? BEN Deb , it 's I . it 's still I . he reach out . she recoil . it 's too much for she . tear swell in she eye . cover she mouth , she back away . he take a step closer . she back away faster , trip over she robe , fall into the street . a car screech to a halt . Ben instinctively step out to help , but she scurries back . debbie do not ... do not ... don't touch I ! her shout wake neighbor . light flicker on . Ben know he have to go . he look at Debbie , sense this be the last time he will see she . she tremble , terrify . his eye go moist . BEN I love you , Deb . with that , he turn away . the " welcome home " sign flutter , fall to the ground . a tragic tableau . as more light go on around he , Ben pick up he pace , speed into the dawn . int . victor' compound office - day Victor pack a monogramm armani briefcase : " vdm " emblazon on a gold plate . Leonard wait not-so-patiently . victor make sure you find Ben , bring he back here . and keep it quiet . I do not need this to hit the press . leonard yes sir . you have get the Mayor at eight , then a nine-thirty interview with the Journal -- victor Front page ? leonard top leave , like you ask . ( a smile ) today Wall Street . tomorrow , who know ... maybe Washington . Victor turn to Leonard , disappointed with he . victor Leonard . think bigger . ext . brooklyn bridge - day we swoop toward this epic monument . on a steel girder above the road , we see ...a statue . BEN . he sit on the edge of the beam , stare down at the river below , brood , mutter . BEN a few day in space , it will be great , what 's the worst that could happen ? a pigeon flutter past he , and drop a white gooey gift on he shoulder . Ben just glare up at the heaven . BEN ( cont 'd ) perfect . thanks . he hear the sound of someone sobbing . he turn to see ... a distraught businessman with a briefcase . the man drop he case , which plummet hundred - of - foot into the river . the businessman look out , ready to jump . he do not see Ben ( or do not realize Ben be not a statue ) . BEN ( cont 'd ) you think you get trouble ? take a good look , pal , how bad could it be ? the businessman look at Ben , terrify . Ben step forward . BEN ( cont 'd ) okay , easy there , buddy . backpedale , the man slip , falling toward the roadway ! his arm flail , grab a narrow beam -- he finger hold tight while he leg thrash over speed traffic . Cars and truck skim right underfoot . Ben shake he head . BEN ( cont 'd ) you have to choose my spot , do not you ? Ben step out to help , but ... he weight bend the beam ! the businessman lose he grip ! he fall to the road , landing hard on the highway ! a few pedestrian see Ben . they point . Ben look up , deer in headlight . he see a massive truck bear down on the businessman . BEN ( cont 'd ) this be really not my day . Ben drop to the street . whoompf ! he land in front of the businessman , sweep he out of the way with one arm , and turn to the oncoming 18 wheeler cab . the driver slam he brake , eye wide . the truck swerve , but can not stop ! time slow to syrup , as Ben look a little scared . he shut he eye , and ... shoulder-blocks the incoming truck ! a football move . the truck buckle , popping a wheelie , crumpling all the way to the windshield ! it look like a metal car-compactor . the truck swerve hard , its tail smashing into steel girder . car screech , swerve , slamming into each other , causing a four -lane traffic accident ! window shatter , fire flicker . one of the car in a nypd cruiser . cop clamber out . ext . cab on highway - day reed , johnny , and Sue sit in the back . they see the action on the bridge . reed and Sue lock eye , sense the worst . ext . brooklyn bridge - day Ben stand in the middle of the chaos , stare at the destruction . he see the tow-truck driver bleed , trap in he cab . Ben move to this burn hunk of steel . he swipe through the shattered window , and punch the airbag , popping it like a kid 's balloon . he try to grab the seat -belt , but he finger be too big . he struggle . BEN a little help here ?! you wanna hit that button , sir ? the driver be too woozy . Ben can not get to the button . frustrate , he simply tear off the door , and rip the driver' seat right out of the cab ! cop round the corner . they see Ben hold onto the Driver . they raise they gun . cop freeze ! put the man and the seat down ! Ben look at the cop . pedestrian stare , point . he realize how this must look -- a monster hold a bloody man in hand . ext . brooklyn bridge - approach - day at the back of the traffic jam , car screech to stop . the whole bridge be full of bumper - to- bumper traffic . we push toward one car : three door pop open , and out come ... reed , johnny , sue . they look through smoke and mayhem to see ... they first full look at Ben . reed stand gutpunch . johnny not even Ben deserve that . ext . brooklyn bridge - day Ben put the seat down , with the Driver on it . he lunge behind a truck . the cop try to follow , but flame push they back . Ben lurch away , head down , self - conscious . he try to hide from onlooker around he and pedestrian on walkway overhead . he want to escape , but hear scream motorist . he grit he tooth , and move to help they . ext . brooklyn bridge - gridlock - day reed , Sue , and johnny race toward the flame . all other people head in the opposite direction . bridge police herd the crowd away from the accident . bridge cop back ! we be evac- the bridge . reed , Sue , and johnny slow down , swap glance . sue what now ? reed ...? what do we do ? move in on reed . a first test of leadership . but he be not a leader . not yet . Sue get closer to he . sue ( cont 'd ) Ben 's out there . let 's go get he . bridge cop maybe you do not hear I . that car be gonna blow sky high , any second . reed look , we have get a friend out there in trouble . we need to get to he before -- bridge cop # 2 nobody get past this point . a hard beat . reed signal Sue with a look , a nod . sue what ? reed ( mutter ) we need to get past they . he motion to she body . she understand . she concentrate , and start to turn invisible . bridge cop # 1 what the hell be this ? a magic show ? but she clothes do not go invisible . beat . reed mutter : reed Sue . you clothes . lose they . sue what ...? ( realize ) oh. she unbutton she blouse . not thrilled with the idea . she wriggle out of she pants . down to she skivvy . she reach back to undo she bra ... momentarily lose concentration and become visible . the sight of Sue in she undy grab the cop ' attention . everyone watch , stunne . the realization that she 's visible hit she like a ton of brick . cop be transfix . so be reed . johnny this be wrong in so many way . reed you have be work out . sue shut up . Sue take a deep breath . close she eye . focus . nothing happen . she 's embarrassed and furious . sue ( cont 'd ) any more idea , reed ? maybe you should strip down next , see how it feel to have fifty people stare -- ... and she disappear . entirely . undy float . jaw drop . reed uh , Sue ? she stop ranting . realize she 's go invisible . sue ( invisible ) oh. well then ... the undy drop . the cop stare open-mouthed . they turn to look at reed , astonished . he sheepishly shrug he shoulder . johnny I be gonna need serious therapy . a beat . she walk away . the cop watch she , gape . by the time they turn back around , reed and johnny be go , disappear into the cloud of smoke . ext . brooklyn bridge - day a news chopper fly around the bridge , fight for the best angle on the action . ext . brooklyn bridge - accident - day reed race through wreckage . he try to see over a big truck , and he neck streeetch ! he finally see ... BEN . reed wrap around a car , and ... boo ! his face snake right in front of Ben . Ben jump . BEN what the --! reed Ben . be you okay ? BEN be I okay ?! you wanna explain that ?! he motion to reed 's neck . then to he own body : BEN ( cont 'd ) or this ?! what the hell be I ? ' Cause I sure be not Ben anymore . reed open he mouth , but he have no answer . not yet . sue ( o.s. ) reed ! BEN ! look out ! Ben spin , look for Sue . he can not see she . but he do see ... a car inches away , with gas tank flaming ! boooom ! the first car blows ! booom ! boooom ! booooom ! empty car blow in a chain -reaction . the flame be mushroom ! reed swipe he arm out , hold people back . his arm flatten to form a barricade -- face indent he skin . flame lash out . a pack of attractive young women scream . johnny leap toward they . his foot leave the ground , give he extra lift . he spin , land , and embrace the woman , shielding they from flame which burn up he back . he look the lady up and down , and give a cheesy smile . Sue scream . she put she hand up ( a normal reflex ) . the air seem to ripple around she hand , like force -field . she look at they , surprised , confuse . her invisible field spiral out , partially containing the blast . but the flame hurtle closer . she fight the pressure . blood trickle from she nose . just as the white hot blast be about to hit she ... Sue be dress again . visible . she scream , and push the force down into the road ! she collapse , as the blast deflect off the street and into ... a oncoming firetruck ! boooom ! the firetruck be knocked off the ground , slewing sideways . brake scream . its tail slashes out , punching through the guard -rail . the back of the truck dangle out , hundred of feet above the water ! firemen hang off the back and side . the truck teeters , fall ! Ben waste no time . he grab onto the front of the truck , just as it go off the side ! he dig he heel into the ground , but he foot drag across the concrete , digging groove into the street . on the dangling firetruck : firemen climb out , claw toward the bridge . they truck swing . bit and piece tumble down at they -- a hose , a axe , a helmet . all deadly now . the hanging ladder swoops down , with man riding on it ! Ben scream ! straining with all he might . Ben scream ! his muscle ripple , and ... he take he first step ... back . another scream . another step . another . another . Epic , painful . he be pull the truck back onto the bridge , inch by inch . his footstep thud . with monumental effort , he level the truck . firemen scurry over hose and ladder , some climb over Ben . reed tend to Sue who have faint from she effort . Ben step back from the truck and slump to the street exhaust . wary cop close in to cover he with weapon , but ... the firemen slowly begin to applaud . the crowd of onlooker join in as well . Sue , reed , and johnny seem surprised , touch by the reaction . but Ben seem uncomfortable . firemen step forward to offer reed a couple of they coat ; he hand one to johnny and use the other to cover Sue . ext . brooklyn bridge - day Ben see a familiar face in the mass : debbie . Ben step toward she , but she stop he with a look . she place something on the ground and run off into the crowd . Ben see something glistening on the ground . he stoops over to pick up ...her engagement ring . his big finger can not grip it . he try in vain . hopeless , pathetic . a beat . and ... a hand grab the ring . it 's reed . quiet , close . reed I swear to you , I will do everything in my power until there be not a breath leave in I : you be go to be Ben again . off the wounded look in Ben 's eye , want to believe he ... int . victor' office - day Victor sit with remote in hand , stare at he plasma tv . on the tv : he see a crowd of firemen applaud the new fantastic four . for the first time they strike a heroic pose . Leonard enter , with a phone in he hand . leonard uh , sir ... Larry King call , to cancel . ( see the tv , a beat ) apparently , there 's a bigger story . Victor see reed put he arm around Sue as he cover she with the jacket . and the penny drop : he 's furious . as it hit he , he feel something odd . he look down at he hand ... at glint of gleam metal poke through flesh . ext . / int . emergency holding area - day a impromptu command center -- a series of police tent , surround by emergency vehicle , news van , firetrucks . int . emergency holding area - tent - day reed , Sue , Ben and johnny sit together , get change . they get ready to go , but the chief fireman enter , stop they . chief fireman there 's some folk outside , want to talk to you . reed we be not go public with this . we be scientist , not celebrity . chief fireman too late , son . he turn on a little tv monitor in the corner . news footage play on all station , with the tagline : fantastic four . chief fireman ( cont 'd ) that 's what they be call you . the fantastic four. johnny Nice . johnny head for the exit . sue johnny , slow down . let 's think this through , a second . johnny pause . rub he chin once . and ... johnny okay . done think . he run out . Sue , Ben , and reed swap glance , know johnny can not be they spokesman . they take off after he , out to -- ext . emergency holding area - PRESS field - day clickclickclick ! fifty camera flash . the field be full of press . we heroes freeze , shocked by the crowd . johnny eat up the attention . Ben turn , self - conscious . reed notice . the Chief fireman turn to they . chief fireman so which one of you 's the leader ? johnny do not hesitate . johnny that would be I . chief fireman no seriously . a beat . Sue and Ben turn to reed . the Chief hand he a mic . chief fireman ( cont 'd ) you be on , son . they all want a statement . all eye go on reed . he look out , gulp hard . a long beat . reed uh , during we recent mission to the von doom space station , we be expose to as yet - unidentified radioactive energy , most likely some kind of nucleotide compoun -- nobody come for a science class . a crush of question overwhelm reed : various reporter what happen on the bridge ? do it hurt to stretch ? be you really on fire ? be it true that one of you can fly ? johnny work on it . and it 's a lot harder -- sue we do not know much more than you do , at this point . which be why we will be go directly to the lab , where we can diagnose we symptom and -- reporter # 2 symptom ? so it 's like a disease ? reed look at Ben 's face , feel the guilt . Ben be lose in think , look at Deb 's engagement ring . johnny leap in . johnny symptom ? please . if have power be a disease , then yeah we get it . and we be gonna blow you mind . there 's a new day dawn . the day of the fantastic four . reporter # 3 that thing do not look too fantastic . the reporter nod toward Ben . Ben 's fist tighten , the sound of rock crush together . reed feel the pain . reed Ben Grimm be a genuine american hero who 's be through a terrible orde -- johnny what he 's try to say be : every team need a mascot ... Reporters laugh . Ben turn he head away . reed burn . reed look , we go up to space to find a way to understand DNA , to cure disease , save life . well , now it 's we DNA , we disease , we life on the line ... ( a beat ) thank you . no more question . reed , Sue , and Ben get up to go . the press wait a beat , then surge . Ben spin , hold up one finger . a giant . BEN be nice . the press step back , intimidate . flashbulb pop , and ben' face freeze . it go black - and -white on a new york post in -- ext . bank - day establish shot of a historic New York building . int . bank - conference room - continuous banker sit around a table . laptop hum . the lead banker be power - broker ned cecil . the man keep they eye on Victor . ned cecil well , Victor , the bank would like to congratulate you . on the fastest freefall since the Depression . we can not even give you stock away . victor ned , you know I can turn this around . ned motion to the paper , the picture of BEN . ned cecil you promise a cure - all , and come back with this . who the hell 's go to invest in a biotech company that turn its worker into circus freak ? Victor 's grip tighten around the table , and ... the laptop flicker , lose feed . Victor look down at he hand -- a private beat ( do I do that ? ) he let go of the table ; screen go back to normal . victor ( point ) I really appreciate all you support . ned cecil you have get a week , Victor . one week to turn this around . or we pull out ... ( a beat ) this meeting be over . Victor look at he , blood boil , and we CUT hard to -- int . bank - hallway - day Victor and Leonard stride out . Victor be writhe . victor goddamn book - keeper do not know prefer stock from livestock . Leonard be think all business . leonard sir. reed 's comment at that press conference kill we . how be we go to turn this around ? Victor consider . his mind race , eye narrow . victor very simple . I cure they . if I can cure this freak , then I can cure anyone . what better way to restore my reputation ? Leonard nod , impressed . Victor be a man in motion . as they step into sunlight , we cut to ... clickclickclick in -- ext . baxter build - day reporter snap picture . a police convoy drive up , stop in front of a tower high -rise . Sue , reed , and johnny and get out of a police - car . Ben step out of a big paddy - wagon , which immediately bounce back up to the normal axle position . cop hold back the surging press . Ben keep he head down , self - conscious . he pass johnny , smile for the camera . johnny smile , Ben . they want to like you . give them you good side . or you less bad side . Ben turn to a group of little kide . stiff , tentative : BEN uh ...do not do drug . the kid flinch . Ben trudge on . johnny smile bright , do hand -sign for f4 . Sue pull he toward -- int . baxter build - lobby - day the fantastic four enter . they be greet by jimmy o'hoolihan , a old - time doorman with a kind smile . o'hoolihan welcome back to the baxter , Dr. Richards . all that for you ? he motion to the flash camera outside . reed I be afraid so ... he search for the name . Sue step up . sue Jimmy . good to see you again . he smile at Sue , then at reed . o'hoolihan good to see you too ... do not worry , sir . I know how crowded that head of yours be . reed any visitor while I be away ? o'hoolihan just the usual . told them you be circle round outer space . he open a drawer full of letter from the bank . reed look sheepish . he shut the drawer , look to johnny and Sue . reed we have a tough year . BEN yeah , nine year straight . reed look at Ben . thanks a lot . ding . Elevator door open . int . baxter build - elevator - day they enter . reed hit the top button , for the 20 th floor . johnny twenty ? from outside the place look a lot taller . reed oh , it be . the door close , but ... the elevator do not move . a beat . johnny either we be move really fast ... or not at all . a digital readout on the panel : exceed maximum weight . a sign read : maximum capacity : 2000 pound . they turn to ben. BEN I will take the stair . Doors open . he lumber out . as the door close behind he , he look back over he shoulder , lock eye with reed . int . baxter build - elevator - day the elevator rise . reed roil with guilt . sue how come Ben can not turn it on and off like we ? reed that 's what we be here to find out . sue if it happen to he , then it could ... Happen to all of they . reed nod softly . johnny wait . you mean there 's chance we could be full - on-24 - 7 -fantastic ? sue grow up , johnny . you want to run around on fire for the rest of you life ? johnny be that a trick question ? c'mon , I can not be the only one who think this be cool . reed consider . but Sue cut he short with a look . ding ! the elevator stop . int . baxter build - atrium - moment later the elevator open . they step out . they might be on the 20th floor , but reed own the building from here to floor sixty . it 's a massive atrium , light by skylight far above -- reed lead they into another area fill with separate " apartment " and all the amenity of home . reed we should stay here until we can define the extent of we change ... johnny this place be deluxe . you get cable ? reed ( hearing Ben 's footstep ) ... and figure out how to reverse they . let I show you to you room . ext . baxter build - day the press have die down , but there be still plenty of camera . a maybach sedan roll up . Victor emerge , wear sunglass . this time , the press pay no attention to he . no camera flash . Victor tighten , and enter the building . int . sue' room - day Sue walk out of the bathroom in a robe , drying she hair . she notice a familiar book on a shelf : a scrapbook . she flip through it . it 's fill with picture of reed and he invention -- a lot less fancy than Victor 's multimedia globe . she stop at a picture of she and reed in college . a noise , and she turn , flinching slightly , surprised to see ... victor . he smile , stand at the door , watch she . victor God , I have be so worried about you . she notice the scar on he head . sue Victor , you scar -- victor I tell you , I be fine . it 's you I be worried about . sue I be sorry I do not get a chance to -- victor please , no apology . I have arrange for you thing to be move to one of my condo . you will have round - the clock care . he go for she bag . but she stop he . a half beat . sue thank you , that 's generous , but I think I should stay here . with my brother . until we get a handle on this . Victor be not use to be rebuffe . he give a thin smile . victor Sue . I think you should let my doctor have a look at you . a tense beat . standoff . make more tense by -- reed ( o.s. ) Victor ! what be you do here ? they turn to see reed approach , with file in hand . victor I be start to wonder the same thing ... how much do you know about what happen to you ? reed not much . we need to run test to see the extent of the damage . Victor pause . he look at Sue , know she 's here to stay . victor well , let I know if there be anything I can do . we be all in this together now . Victor shake reed 's hand . his grip be so tight that reed 's finger stretch . Victor let go , and turn to Sue , who put she hand out . he smile , and shake . he head off . reed look at he hand . shake he wrist . he look at Victor . int . baxter build - hall - day Victor move fast , hold tight to he anger . reed catch up . reed Victor wait ... I just want to say , I be sorry the mission do not go as plan -- Victor suddenly wheel on reed . light flicker . victor do not go as plan ? it be a catastrophe . you ruin the life of four people -- reed I ruin ? with all due respect , I tell you to abort -- victor abort ? reed , I put my company , my name , billion of dollar on the line , and I will not let you make I look like a fool -- reed Victor , if we could understand what happen to we -- victor I do not want to understand it . this be not one of you science project . I just want to fix it . fast ! reed see Victor 's scar maybe grow . light dim . voice ( o.s. ) there a problem , Vic ? they turn to see ... BEN down the hall , lean in a doorway . Victor tighten , look at Ben 's massive rock-hewn body . victor no problem , Ben . he turn back to reed . Close , quiet . light flicker . victor ( cont 'd ) just pay you goddamn electric bill , and get to work on a cure . Victor step away , toward the elevator . he pass Ben , who just smile and wave " goodbye . " before Victor 's finger tap the down -button , the button light up ( as if the circuit respond to he ) . reed exhales , shake . Victor step into -- int . baxter build - elevator - day the door close , and Victor really lets loose . he slam he fist into a steel wall . the wall buckle , steel denting . Victor shake out he hand , and see ... a rippling metallic shell under the skin . he stare at it in horror . the dark surface pulsate with electric energy . what be he become ...? int . baxter build lab - day Sue work the control . reed approach Ben with a electrode needle . he try to stick the needle into Ben , but it snap . BEN you get a chisel round here ? reed if we be go to identify the source of the mutation , we need to isolate you recombinant DNA so we can activate positional genome . Ben look to Sue for translation . sue we need to give you a physical , so we know what get zap . BEN well why do not you say so ? you want I to lift some weight or something ? reed shake he head . he approach with a x-ray machine . reed no , just sit back . we have a good sense of you strength from the firetruck . we need to find the source of you strength . he turn on the x-ray machine . the graph show solid rock . the ray do not penetrate . Sue and reed look confuse . BEN how bad be it ? you know I use to smoke . reed grab a blood pressure machine , but the strap be way too short to wrap around Ben 's arm . reed stand stump . he look at he tray full of instrument . he pick up the little rubber reflex -hammer . but it look miniscule compare to ben. reed have a idea . he open a drawer full of hardware tool . he pull of a real hammer . he approach ben. reed okay , this might smart a little . he tap Ben 's knee lightly , and ben' leg kick ! slamming up ! right between reed' legs ! the ultimate kick in the crotch . reed stretch up a few foot , then snap back , wince . reed ( cont 'd ) ( high - pitch voice ) we will ... continue this later . int . baxter build lab - day from they second level control room , reed and Sue observe johnny in a enclose fire - proof chamber . flame escape through the vent of the chamber ... he 's fully torch ! reed watch the read-out : it climb from 2000 to 4000 degree kelvin . they be essentially take he temperature . inside the chamber : johnny turn white hot , blind to look at : the chamber wall begin to glow red . machine go haywire . his foot even start to lift off the ground , levitating a foot or two . he look down , excited , burn hotter and hotter . reed back it down , johnny ! johnny I can go hotter ! he will not stop . reed pull a switch on the wall . foam spray out of nozzle , dousing johnny 's flame . he stand there , cover in thick foam . his body steam . so do he temper . johnny ( cont 'd ) you be really cramping my style here . sue you be at 4000 kelvin . any hotter , you be approach supernova -- johnny sweet . sue that 's the temperature of the sun . reed not only could you kill yourself , but you could set fire to Earth 's atmosphere and destroy all human life as we know it . johnny gotcha . okay . supernova bad . reed look at the control panel . sue he cook the equipment . frustrate , reed look at the smoking system . and we CUT to -- int . baxter build - lab - day reed and Ben sit in chair , face each other . a beat pass . Ben tap he finger on the chair , make small dent . reed look down at he clipboard . a little awkward . reed okay . I have uh , get some question , from Sue . that she think might be better come from I ... can you , you know , go to the bathroom ... like normal ... BEN yeah . ( a beat ) you do not wanna know the detail . reed Ben , I be afraid I have get to ask -- BEN not unless you want that clipboard stretch up you -- reed o-kay . we will skip that question . int . baxter build - lab - day reed and johnny now . johnny exercise . reed stand nearby . clipboard in hand . reed be there something about flame ? about flame , that you -- johnny what be you try to say ? just because I dress well and like to dance -- reed ( confuse ) what ? no. I be try to figure out why we each end up with different symptom . johnny oh , well that 's easy : I be hot . you be ... well , you be a little limp . Sue 's easy to see through . and ben' always be a hardass . ( a beat ) why be not you write this down ? reed sigh . it 's go to be a long process . int . baxter build lab - day reed and Sue , table turn : reed observe she through a prismatic device measure light refraction . he " see " she through the device : light up like some heavenly creature . he 's have a hard time concentrate . he focus on he work . reed it 's not " invisibility " per se . you be bend the light around you with some kind of malleable force field . that 's what you project on the Bridge . sue what about you ? you have not eat in day . how come you be never on this side of the microscope ? he tighten , uncomfortable with be center of attention . she reach for he arm , like a specimen . he pull away , but she see a glimpse of bruise on he arm . she slow down . sue ( cont 'd ) bruise ... from the bridge ? he nod , roll down he sleeve . reed have you have any side - effect , from you power ? she consider . a little vulnerable . sue I have have some headache . migraine . a beat . reed drop he eye , make a note , back to work . reed you should be able to bend light around other object , even people , if you could control you emotional state better -- sue Excuse I ? she be annoyed . reed be oblivious . reed I be say , if you have a little more self control , you could locate the trigger . can you remember the exact emotion when -- sue anger. rage. frustration . reed okay . be there any way to duplicate that feel ? some memory or ... sue ( stare right at he ) I be sure I can come up with something . she look at reed , eye narrow . she become invisible . as she focus on reed -- and get angry -- a small , clear force field form around she body . the force - field bend light around a microscope , which go invisible . reed step out to ask ... reed how 's that come -- whoa -- the force -field shoot in all direction , knock everything over in a fifteen foot radius . reed be throw from he chair . sue I be sorry , I be sorry , I do not mean to do that ... you must think that be some kind of latent hostility or -- reed what in the world would give I that idea ? a awkward beat . reed ( cont 'd ) I mean , you break up with I , right ? sue be you kid ? reed no , I distinctly remember : you walk out my door . ergo ... she do not want to get into this . she look down , vulnerable . sue reed . I be ready for the next step , you be not , ergo , I walk . reed I think it be a little more complicated than -- sue I just want to share a apartment . what be so complicated about that ? the question stump he . a beat . he struggle . reed there be a lot of variable to consider -- sue no . there be not . there be you . and I . no variable , no math . it be actually the simple thing in the world . but you head get in the way ... like it always do . her word penetrate . he know she 's right . he look away . reed Sue ... I just ... I think ... he struggle for the word . sue same old reed . too much think ... he open he mouth , but ... wham ! Doors open . johnny enter , wear a charree shirt . he point to the burn scrap of he shirt . johnny okay guy , we have a serious problem . int . baxter build lab - day angle of reed in the lab , grab they space uniform from various closet / container : reed ( v.o. ) we uniform be expose to the storm like we . so they can transform like we , become invisible , change size on demand or remain impervious to flame . reveal : reed , Sue , and johnny step out to look at themselves in a mirror wear the uniform . no boot , no glove . not yet . ( the uniform will develop , like we heroes ) . BEN you look like a eighty rock band . sue ( to Ben ) the suit will stretch . you should try it -- BEN I would not be catch dead in that . johnny he 's right . this costume be ... miss something . I can not put my finger on it -- reed they be not costume . sue we be not take they out . johnny , we need to stay here till we have stabilize . johnny shake he head , frustrated . johnny I be get sick of be trap here . NASA be not even this strict ! he march out . Sue turn to reed , who say nothing . Sue head out , leave Ben and reed . a beat . Ben look at reed . BEN ( look at uniform ) maybe it 's miss a utility belt . off reed 's dark look , we hear : victor ( v.o. ) so what 's the prognosis ? int . von doom industries - victor' office - day close on : a x-ray . Victor 's arm . the metallic transformation be higher now . pull back to reveal : Victor and he doctor . in the wall behind they : ancient armor ( maybe we notice it before , maybe not ) . it add a little menace to the room . doctor you tissue , you organ , you entire biophysical structure be change . every system be still function , somehow -- victor and they be change into ... doctor I do not really know . a compound organic-metallic alloy . stronger than titanium or carbon steel . harder than diamond -- victor like the shield reed say would protect we . ( cold fury , deadly focus ) how long ? doctor at this rate , the infection should be complete in two , maybe three week -- victor what do you mean " complete " ? doctor I wish I could tell you . I can not pretend to know what we be deal with here . I will notify the cdc and -- Victor harden , razor sharp . victor what ? doctor the Center for Disease Control . if this thing be contagious -- whhm ! Victor grab the Doctor by the throat . victor look at I . I have a life . I be the face of a billion - dollar-company ... we need to keep this confidential , understand ? Victor 's grip tightens around the man 's throat . doctor but ... this disease ... be progressive ... degenerative ... victor that 's terrible news ... with one cobra-swift move , Victor thrust he metallic arm into the doctor , kill he instantly . Victor retract he arm , and look at it , shocked by he own strength . victor ( cont 'd ) ... but I think I will get a second opinion . int . baxter build - reed' office - night a series of time - lapse shot : reed work around the baxter Building , spend hour search for the cure . he check chart , write equation , pace , frustrated . finally , he sit at he long desk , look at a wall where Ben 's chart be project ( both Ben and thing 's anatomy ) . reed wear the uniform under he labcoat . he check he equation over and over , make note upon note . reed nothing ...nothing ...nothing ... he hit the end of the slide . the wall fill with white light . frustrate , reed slam he head into he desk , crash ! something fall off the end of the desk . reed raise he head , revealing he flatten face . he step over to see ...a plant sample from space , glass box shattered . Red spark swirl around the plant , like the cosmic storm -- reed ( cont 'd ) of course ... of course ... the cloud ... the cosmic STORM swirl , terrifying . we slowly pull back to -- int . baxter build - MAIN lab - night the STORM be a computer - image on screen now . behind the screen be six chalkboard full of reed 's calculation and the scribble beginning of a machine . we pull back to see he arm stretch across the room write on the end of another chalkboard . he 's move fast , excited , almost a little manic . he hear ... a creak . he slow down , but do not look up to see sue enter . sue what be you do ? reed ( fast , charge ) the plant , from space . they particle be still charge . with the right amount of energy , that ion could create the elemental profile of the cosmic storm . he rifle through a desk drawer , then head out . Sue stand there , look at the storm . concerned . then we CUT to -- int . baxter build - hallway - night Sue follow reed . he flip through a file , excited . reed if we can build a machine to re-create the storm , we can reverse the polarity -- sue ( realize ) and reverse the mutation -- reed ( talk more to himself ) curing countless disease , not just ours . she look at he . sue but we be the focus , right reed ? reed ...? reed of course . of course . sue and you sure you can control this thing ? last time do not work out so well . reed ( preoccupy , mind spin ) with the right energy , we can stabilize the storm . maybe tie into the city grid ... he keep he head down , make note , enter -- int . baxter build - storeroom - night reed and Sue enter . reed be look for something . Sue slow down , stare at this sprawling space , jam - pack with gear , gadget , blueprint , invention . awe -inspire , overflow . sue you really need to get a janitor . she stare at shelf upon shelf of overcrowded clutter . sue ( cont 'd ) this must be what it look like inside you head . reed find he electron microscope . he turn to Sue , defensive : reed there 's a system to it . she start to pull out a model of the fantasticar . reed ( cont 'd ) wait ! Sue , do not touch tha -- the little car set the whole shelf off balance . a wave of invention come clatter down ! reed move fast : he lunge toward Sue , streetching he arm around the shelf , push Sue away , just as the invention smash to the ground ! reed and Sue hit the floor . a close call . now more closeness : Sue and reed lay face - to-face , with reed 's wrap around she . a heat beat . they first real intimate moment . sue sorry . my fault . I will not ... touch anything . as if suddenly make aware of they vulnerability , Sue and reed stand , back off . as they part , we see : BEN watch from the doorway . melancholy . he disappear . we slowly move to ... a surveillance camera in a vent grate . int . victor' office - night Victor watch a bank of videoscreen . he have the baxter Building under surveillance . he see reed and Sue on monitor . he toy with Sue 's diamond ring in he glove hand . a door open . Leonard enter . he see the screen . leonard be reed any closer to a cure ? Victor look at that image of reed and Sue on the screen . victor the only thing he 's closer to be Sue ... but Victor see something between reed and Sue on the wall . he lean closer , and the camera zoom in , as if respond to he will . he zoom all the way to a close up of : reed' blueprint for the transformation chamber . Victor 's eye narrow , mind tick , a plan form . victor ( cont 'd ) make I a reservation for two at cipriani tonight . Victor open a drawer , pull out a old videotape . victor ( cont 'd ) and get this over to Ben Grimm . Victor lean forward , fixate on that machine . as he get closer , he screen go staticky . he absentmindedly pick at he scar . in shadow , we see skin peel off . woman' voice ( v.o. ) Close you eye , baby . keep them close . int . baxter build - media room - night BEN grimm stand front and center . not the thing . but BEN grimm . a normal man . he smile wide , shaking he head . woman' voice ( v.o. ) you surprised ? now we pull back to reveal debbie and BEN on a screen . the thing watch the old videotape . he smile sadly at he old life . he mouth the word -- he know this tape by heart . BEN ( on screen ) yeah I be surprised . surprise the fire department do not shut this down . on screen : the handheld camera whip around , revealing ... a surprise party . full of people . Ben Grimm be a popular guy . on screen : reed hug Ben . they pose for picture together . the thing God . I be good look . we hear the party sing " happy birthday . " Debbie kiss ben. thing 's eye start to mist . on screen : Ben blow out candle . debbie ( on screen ) what do you wish for , honey ? BEN ( on screen ) I already get it . everything I want . as they kiss , a tear run down thing 's cheek . the tape end , and he sit in darkness for a beat . a long , lonely beat . int . baxter build - hall - night Ben stalk the hall , slip into he rag trenchcoat . as he pass a crossroad , he see a strange sight : reed' hand be tied to a latch in the wall . his arm be streeetched thin , span around the corner . Ben just shake he head , keep move . and we follow reed' arm ... up the hall ... round a corner ... down another hall . the muscle and tissue stretch , go taut . finally , we reach ... reed . he step slowly . he hold a digital tape -measure in he other hand , measure distance . his skin streeetch . his face tighten , pain . we hear the faint squeak of he skin . voice ( o.s. ) damn , stretch ! reed turn he head around , see johnny come down the hall . johnny how far 's that rubber bend ? reed keep move , slowly . his muscle and tendon labor . reed that 's what I be try to calculate . and it 's not rubber . it 's muscle , tendon . I seem to have the ability to manipulate the malleability of my molecular structure and redistribute my density to -- johnny right , whatever , have fun . and johnny be gone , ducking under reed 's arm into -- int . baxter build - kitchen - night johnny open a cupboard , pull out some jiffy pop . it start to pop in he hand , the bag swell . he casually turn on a tv , flipping to ... the X - game . the jiffy pop swell , ready to blow . he rip it open , eat popcorn , and watch the game : cool stunt , hot girl . johnny 's brow furrow , a think form , a mischievous smile on he lip . ext . baxter build - side exit - night a figure exit , wear that rag trenchcoat and fedora . Ben disappear into the dark night , and we CUT to -- ext . brooklyn STREET - night Dark . light flicker . steam rise through the grate . a shadow emerge . Ben . he head toward oxdonnel' pub , a classic Brooklyn tavern . neon sign . Music , life inside . Ben pull he hat low , turn up he collar , and squeeze through the door into -- int . o'donnel be pub - night a big photo of Ben Grimm in he astronaut heyday occupy a place over the bar . Ben enter , and the bar go silent . he move through the crowd . people clear out of the way . Ben reach the bar . he sit on a stool , and crunch ! smash ! the stool snap like a toothpick . he hit the ground hard . glass shake . a few patron smile , laugh softly . BEN that 's not funny ! they go silent . they drop bill onto table , filing out , scared of this monster . ernie work the bar . ernie hey , that 's Ben Grimm there , the first mook from Brooklyn to go to outer space , so pay he some respect ! but the patron keep filing out . Ben look down , weary . BEN Ernie . sorry for kill you business . I will take the usual , then I be out ... better make it a double . Ernie head for the booze . Ben give a sad shake of he head . then he notice ... one lone patron at the end of the bar . a beautiful young woman nursing a drink . meet alicia master . alicia who kill the party ? she turn to he , unafraid . he notice she blank stare , lack of focus , and white cane . alicia be blind . ernie ( o.s. ) make it a triple . on the house , benny . Ben take he drink , but smash ! his grip shatter the glass , spilling all over himself . he smile ruefully . BEN if there 's a God , she hate I . he grab a bar-rag to dry off . alicia I do not think she 's real big on hate . BEN you would not say that , if you could see I . she knock back she drink , grab she cane , step toward ben. alicia can I ...? see you ...? Ben do not say anything . a little unnerve by this woman . alicia ( cont 'd ) it 's okay , I will not bite ... ( feel he arm ) ... not that I could . she put a hand on he face -- something in she tone and gentle touch allow Ben to let she . she smile softly . alicia ( cont 'd ) such a sad face ... you know , sometimes be different be not a bad thing . BEN trust I , this be not one of that time . she smile softly , take she cane , and start to head out . alicia see you round , benny ... right as she hit the door , over she shoulder -- alicia ( cont 'd ) I be alicia , by the way . Ben watch she disappear . he see a few people stare . he lower he head , turn back to the bar , and find a new drink , in a steel martini shaker . he knock it back . ext . / int . upscale restaurant - night light twinkle . a maitre D ' lead we through fancy dig . head turn , whisper flutter . sue step out , join ... Victor at a prime table . he pull out she chair , wear glove . victor thank you for come out to see I . she nod , a little self - conscious . sue you say it be urgent . victor it be . there 's something we need to talk about . something I need to ask you ... Sue sense where this be go , and she cut it short . sue ( slow , careful ) Victor , wait , slow down a second . I want you to know I appreciate everything you have do for I , but I just do not -- victor Susan . what be you do ? he be cold as ice . if he 's hurt , he will never show it . victor ( cont 'd ) you think I bring you here to talk about we ? please . this be business . ( lean forward , intense ) I need to know : how close be reed to find to a cure ? she pause . then : sue he 's work round the clock . but the data need to be test , analyze before -- victor same old reed . all analysis , no action . be not that the problem with you two ? she hold tight , keep cool . sue if this molecule be not stable , they could make we worse , maybe even kill we . victor then why be reed drag he foot ? maybe he like have he prize specimen under glass ... ( closer , cruel ) it 's ironic , be not it ? you be finally the perfect woman for he ... because you be he science project . the word sting . she can not help but hear some truth in they . sue please do not make this personal -- victor oh , I think you already have . sue Victor , we can not do anything until the research be ready . Victor 's fist clench -- metal sfx . victor " we , " huh ? Victor screech he chair back , pushing the table so hard that he spill water . head turn , all eye on Sue . Victor get close to she , too close , a hand on she shoulder . victor ( cont 'd ) do not forget who you work for , Susan . so get to work . and do you job . he walk out . as he go , he slip the engagement ring out of he pocket . he crush the diamond to dust , leave the dust in a ashtray , and disappear into the night . Sue sit embarrassed . she slowly ... disappear . people gasp . she walk out , invisible , save for she clothes , which drift through the air . at a table full of businessmen -- businessman I wish my wife would disappear . the other man laugh , but whhm ! the man 's wine spill into he lap ! Sue walk out . the restaurant be leave buzzing . light twinkle . and we fade out . a beat . then we crash into -- ext . NYC arena - espn moto X game - day the X game in full effect : a maze of mountainous dirt hill and ramp ... where moto -bike launch into the air to the delight of 20,000 fan . the rider spin and flip , perform aerial acrobatics on they 250 CC motor bike . X game announcer ( v.o . ) and now , lady and gentleman , we have a special guest for you ... johnny Storm of the fantastic four ! johnny emerge , wear he blue uniform , wave to the crowd . he step up to the pit where rider prep . he beeline to ronnie renner . johnny hey , ronnie renner ! I be a big fan . ronnie give a tight nod . he do not like be upstage by this circus freak . the other biker approach . kenny bartram Heard you like to ride . wanna take she for a spin ? he motion to he bike . johnny eye this mean machine . ronnie renner come on , bro . I will teach you some trick ... if you can keep up . we push in on johnny , he ego get stoke , as we CUT to -- int . NYC arena - track - day ronnie jam down the track , kick dirt back at johnny . johnny now wear a motocross outfit over he uniform , with the number " 004 " on the back and a small 4 over he heart . ronnie hit the first hill , and catch AIR , flipping high ! X game announcer a rock -solid double - flip ! the crowd go wild . now it 's johnny 's turn . he hit the hill and pull the exact same move . with even more height ! X game announcer ( cont 'd ) look at that lift , lady and gentleman ! johnny stick the landing . the crowd swell . ronnie tighten , pull he throttle harder , take the next jump , and ... making a insane move , corkscrewing in the AIR ! X game announcer ( cont 'd ) frontside 360 ! he 's totally flat and whipped ! he land clean . the crowd be ready to explode . johnny revs he engine , he body start to steam , adrenaline burn . he hit the hill , and pull a even gnarlier spin ! X game announcer ( cont 'd ) whoa ! that 's a ... what be that ? a 720 ? johnny land . the crowd roar . ronnie bear down on the last hill . he lean over he handlebar . X game announcer ( cont 'd ) he 's go for a kiss of death ! ronnie hit the hill , pull this jaw - dropping death -defying stunt ! the crowd be deafen ! ronnie smile . and ... johnny speed faster , faster . trails of flame start to streak off he back ! he race like a rocket up the hill ! launching to impossible height ! spinning like a top ! a flaming blur ! and now for the really impressive part : johnny 's bike start to drop , but johnny keep rising ! he flame on , spiraling upward ! for a few second , he 's actually ... almost ... fly . X game announcer ( cont 'd ) ( hand over mic ) be he ...... fly ? a beat . time suspend . and ... whhm ! he plummet back down ! land on he bike in mid-air ! and stick a perfect landing , maybe even kick a little dirt up at ronnie . johnny swerve to a stop , with a " holy shit " look on he face . what the hell just happen ?? X game announcer ( cont 'd ) unbelievable , lady and gentleman ! you have just see the first ... the first ... torchflight ! the mctorch ! a new name be bear . the crowd go berserk . stand ovation . rider rush up to johnny . Kenny see he bike : the seat melted , wheel burned off . johnny smile . johnny my bad . sorry about that . ( a glance to ronnie ) thanks for the lesson , bro . hot girl swarm . as johnny get swallow by fan , we see a scary thing flicker in he eye : the birth of a star . int . baxter build - kitchen - morning Sue stand alone , sifting through pile of mail . she focus on one piece of mail that she 's hold . her hand begin to disappear and then the envelope slowly begin to disappear as well . Sue smile at the success . intrigue . quiet : sue that 's new ... reed enter -- overworked , unshave . he keep he head down , preoccupy . Sue shift focus . sue ( cont 'd ) have you read this ...? from all over . people want we to fight crime ... save they kid ... solve they problem ... ( no response from reed ) ... when we can not even solve we own . she put the letter down , step closer to reed . sue ( cont 'd ) reed . how close be we to a cure ? reed no way to know . without more test , experiment . she consider . Victor 's word echo in she head . sue we be not specimen , we be patient . this be not just another science project to you , be it ...? reed look up , a little surprised . he open he mouth , but -- BEN ( o.s. ) no ... no ... no freakin ' way !! int . baxter build - media room - day crash ! bang ! Ben stalk around the room , furious . reed and Sue rush in . reed BEN ! what ? what 's go on !? Ben point to the wall - size tv : the espn moto X game . X game reporter ( on tv ) so what can you tell we about the outfit ? reveal : johnny stand next to a X game reporter . he be peel off the burn remain of he motocross outfit , revealing he ff uniform , with a " 4 " stitched onto the chest . behind they , step up rider launch they moto - bike off huge 18 ' high mountain of dirt , thirty foot in the air . johnny ( on tv ) not too much , but I will say that it 's all weather and no leather . kind of armani meet astronaut . Ben , Sue , and reed stare at the wall - size tv . mouth agape . sue he do not . BEN oh , he do . sue what do he do to the uniform ?! she turn to reed , who give a sheepish shrug , and peel back he labcoat revealing a " 4 " stitched onto he chest too . reed he talk I into it . x-game reporter ( on tv ) so what be you superhero name ? johnny ( on tv ) I go by the human torch . the lady call I torch . x-game reporter ( on tv ) what about the rest of the team ? johnny have not really think about they . he spitballs : johnny ( on tv ) uh , we call my sister the invisible girl ... the invisible girl . sue girl ...?! x-game reporter ( on tv ) that 's easy to remember . and reed Richards ? he 's the leader . so what 's he ? Mr. fantastic ? johnny well , I would not say he 's the leader . reed shrug . he do not hate the name . BEN could be worse . case in point : a photo of Ben fill the tv . x-game reporter ( on tv ) what about this one ? what do you call this thing ? johnny smile , look right into camera . johnny that 's it . just the thing . we would have go with the rock , but it be take . and " thing " pretty much sum it up . a laugh from the studio audience . BEN ( matter -of - fact ) okay . I be gonna go kill he now . he turn to go . reed wrap a arm around ben. reed Ben ! slow down a second and -- he see a photo of himself on screen . x-game reporter ( on tv ) be it true what they say ? that he can expand any part of he anatomy ? johnny ( on tv ) actually , between we , I think he 's get some problem stay rigid . reed ( finish he think to Ben ) ... wait for I ... x-game reporter ( on tv ) which may explain why this woman 's not smile . they put up a shot of Susan . sue I be drive . johnny ( on tv ) dude . that 's my sister . ext . NYC arena - day the thing round the corner . see a crowd of girl line up near a red porsche park out front ... with " torched " on the plate . Ben slow down , smile . ext . NYC arena - a little later johnny and the hot Babe exit , signing autograph for girl in the line . Sue and reed approach , glare like angry parent . johnny find the valet , who look ill ... he car be go . johnny ( look around ) where 's my ride ? the valet blow he whistle ... and a 4 X 4 solid cube of red junk metal slide down the street and stop at the curb in front of johnny . the valet timidly hold out the key ... johnny ( cont 'd ) what the ?! be that my -- before he can finish , johnny get pelted in the head with the license plate . it rattles to the ground , face up . johnny rub the sting out of he head . look up and see Ben in the distance , dusting off he hand . johnny ( cont 'd ) ( shouting : to Ben ) you be gonna pay for that , pebbles . ( see Sue ) what ?! sue you give we name ? what be you , the " face " of the fantastic four now ? Ben march up . hand ball into fist . BEN it 's about to be a break face . reed this be not permanent , johnny . we need to be careful until we be normal again . johnny what if some of we do not want to be " normal " again ? we do not all turn into monster like -- Ben reel back a fist the size of a anvil . stop himself . instead of attack , he start to walk off . johnny hurl a fireball that smack Ben in the back of the head . Ben stop . turn around more shocked than hurt . BEN do you just -- Ben get hit with another fireball . this time in the face . BEN ( cont 'd ) okay , that 's it , tinkerbell ! you want to fly ? fly . Ben charge like a bull , fist cocked back , and ... reed step in the way ! too late ! whamm ! Ben 's fist punch into reed' chest , which indent . reed 's back expand with ben' fist , punching into johnny , launching johnny off he foot . bam ! johnny slam into a move advertising truck , with a burger king flame - broil whopper on the side . whoosh ! he leave a flame imprint on the all - beef patty . the crowd stand stunne . so do reed and sue. cameras pop . johnny slowly pull himself up . the paint on the truck begin to bubble around he hand . beaten , bruise , he stand . Heating up . both he hand be now flame fist of fury . johnny let 's see if we can get blood from a stone . he and Ben lock eye , with a block of sidewalk between they . High noon . they start to run toward each other ... when they be almost within range , Sue step between they , stop they both in they track with just a look . like a mom : sue you two need a time - out . johnny blockhead start it ! Ben just stalk off . the crowd clear , scared . a paparazzi snap a picture . Ben grab he camera , and flick the lens . ext . street - day Sue look at johnny , more disappointed than angry . sue damn it , johnny . she go after Ben , leave reed and johnny on the sidewalk . reed you need to control yourself and think before you -- johnny Act . here we go again . reed , what if we get this gift for a reason ? what if we have some , you know ... like , call ? reed a higher call like get girl and make money ? johnny nod , totally miss the sarcasm . johnny be there any higher ? reed look at he , disgust . johnny wave to the crowd , hand flame . people shriek , snap picture . johnny smile at reed . johnny ( cont 'd ) this be who we be reed . accept it . or better yet : enjoy it . johnny step into the sea of fan . reed stand alone . ext . STREET / alley - day Sue wade through the throng of New yorker . tries to catch up with Ben ... whose presence part the crowd like mose . sue Ben ! slow down ... Ben glance sideways at she , do not stop . she catch up . sue ( cont 'd ) he do not mean it . you know johnny . he 's always be a hothead -- BEN it 's not he . it 's they . ( point to crowd ) I can not live like this . sue just give reed a little more time . you know how he work -- analyze every little step before he take one -- BEN it 's easy for you to be patient . sue no , it 's not . I think I be do wait for reed ... we be all in this together now , Ben . he slow down , get closer , intense . BEN together ? look at I , susie . you get no idea what I would give ... to be invisible . you nightmare ... be my dream . she open she mouth , but have no response . she do not know he depth of pain . as he disappear into the alley , we CUT to -- int . investment bank - conference room - day the news play on the tv . head banker ned cecil freeze the screen on a image of ... the thing . he turn to Victor , who sit with the rest of the banker . cold , sterile environment . ned cecil this be how you " turn thing around " ? this freak be on the front page and you company 's in the obituary . Victor have a larger bandage on he face now . victor I have a plan to use they publicity for -- ned cecil Victor , stop . the bank 's lose enough already . this be not a negotiation . it 's a notification . we be pull out . a cold , silent beat . Victor lean forward . victor you need to look long - term here . without risk , there 's no -- ned cecil reward . we all know the sale pitch , Vic . and frankly , we be do buy ... gentlemen . he motion to he man . they all stand . Victor be the lone man sit . push in on Victor 's face , he inner rage palpable . a few quick surge of electricity emanate from he body . this man be get stronger , more electric . int . bank - underground parking garage - day after hour . the floor be slick with water -- puddle in every direction . ned cecil come out of the elevator , head for he car . as he go , the structure light start to flicker . ned look up , watch the light go out one by one , furthest to close . he look around . unnerve by the darkness . ned cecil hello ...? a hang beat . Victor step out from shadow . ned cecil ( cont 'd ) ( relieved , almost ) von doom ? gave I a little shock . no hard feeling , right ? nothing personal . Victor say nothing . ned keep go . ned cecil ( cont 'd ) you know , you could always move back to latvura , start fresh . he mispronounce latveria , drip condescension . ned cecil ( cont 'd ) maybe that 's where you belong , back in the " old country . " that do it . a surge of electricity course through Victor . his eye narrow , and the electricity crackle down he leg to the ground . the electric spark hit the water and ... electric current race across the ground , slithering lightning -fast across the water ( like deadly electric snake ) , head straight for ned . his eye go wide . and ... ned be electrocuted ! his body spasm . thud ! he slump , dead . smoke rise from he body . Victor stand , power swell . for the first time , he scar split OPEN , revealing a metal glow beneath the skin . he remain scary calm . victor it 's pronounce latveria . ( look down at the dead body ) this meeting 's over , ned . Victor walk away , the final light go to darkness . int . victor' office - day Victor enter , still adrenalize . he turn to the light switch , and the light come on . he approach he screen , and the monitor flicker to life . his power be grow . one monitor roll the news . image of the fantastic four . Victor lean closer , and the volume automatically go up . newscaster ( on tv ) ... the fantastic four put on quite a show last night . they land in every major headline in the northern hemisphere . in related news ... a image of victor on screen . newscaster ( on tv ) ( cont 'd ) report have surface that von doom industry may be filing for bankruptcy . you may remember that it be Victor von doom who ... Victor turn away from the screen . the volume go down . he focus he eye on reed . Leonard enter , step closer , see the faint flicker of victor' metallic scar . his eye narrow , concerned . leonard Sir , be everything okay ? what happen to you ...? Victor keep he eye on the screen , totally engross . victor ( under breath , seethe ) reed ... he get what he want ... ( look at Sue ) everything he want ... he take from I . he lean ever closer , so the static start to swallow reed . a hard , deadly beat . Victor 's eye narrow , zoom into ... reed' research : slide on the wall . he zoom into key word : danger , unstable ions , mutation , overload . and Victor give a slow , thin smile . a new plan form . victor ( cont 'd ) now I be go to take it back . piece by bloody piece ... his fist clenches . we hear metallic sfx . int . baxter build - transformation lab - day reed enter the room carry a stack of box that no normal man could balance . but he be not normal . his arm be wrap around the box five time over -- like human twine . he stop short , and drop the box when he see ... victor oversee a group of technician . they be box up reed 's work -- all of he equipment , research . Victor wear a bandage , cover he scar . reed eye a glint of metal . reed Victor , be you ... be you okay ? Victor turn away . victor do not worry about I . worry about yourself . reed look around , see he lab turn inside out . reed what be you do here ? victor what I should have do a long time ago . application and patent , reed . this all belong to I . reed reach out , grab a folder from a box . reed but I be not do with the machine -- victor which be precisely the point . Analysis be over . it 's time for action . my man could have mass - produce this by now . reed shake he head , defend himself . reed mass -produce ? this be not a toaster . you have no idea how it work . Victor pull the folder from reed 's hand , and whip out the intricate diagram of the machine . he point to part : victor re-create the storm , invert the polarity here , reverse the mutation there . do not talk to I like I be some schoolboy . I have get the same phd you do . reed be a little surprised that Victor be so familiar with he machine . he point to a secure chamber on the blueprint . reed the storm need to be handle exactly right , or it could make we mutation worse , much worse , maybe even kill we ... Victor slow . be reed get to he ? or give he idea ? reed ( cont 'd ) Victor , please . we need time to verify the data ... we can not afford any mistake -- there 's only enough ion for two or three attempt . Victor consider . he seem to enjoy watch reed dangle . victor reed . I be not ask permission . ( a final verdict ) we will build it , while you check the specs . Victor walk out . reed look unsure , as we CUT to -- int . baxter build transformation lab - day the shield slowly rise . five technician go to work . they wear the vdi jacket . reed watch , worried . Sue enter . she see the shield , the technician , the vdi logo . and she be deeply worried . she step over to reed . spark fly behind they . drill scream . sue can I talk to you ? int . baxter build - reed' office - day Sue step into the office , follow by reed . quiet , urgent : sue do not let Victor push you into make a mistake -- reed he be go to take away all my data , equipment -- sue better than you life . Victor 's not the one who have to get into that thing . we be . reed start to snap , lose he study cool . reed which be why I be work twenty hour a day , check every variable -- sue every variable but yourself . you do not eat , sleep . you can not live in you head like -- reed ( finally lose it ) I be not the only one in there . I get you , Vic , Ben , johnny , all rattling around in there . Sue stand there , shocked by he outburst . a beat . sue so clear it out . get out of you head . get out of here ... he look at she , know what she mean . where she mean . ext . brooklyn street - day Ben nearly knock people over as he stomp down the street , mind toss and turn . people stare , point . a little girl and friend run up to he . little girl mister , mister ! please help I ! my kitty be stick in a tree . she gesture to a tree next to ben. look up . little girl ( cont 'd ) please save miss Lucy . Ben roll he eye . look up . consider climb the tree , but think better of it . he have another idea ... Ben grab the tree with one hand , and start shaking the crap out of it . meeeeeeooooooowwwwrrrrrrr !!!! the cat fall into frame . at the last instant , Ben stick out he hand and the cat land safely in he palm . he hand the cat to the girl . barely acknowledge she profuse thanks . he just move on . ext . another brooklyn STREET - night Ben pass a window in a gallery , and almost miss a large sculpture of he bust . he stop , step back to take a look . it 's exquisitely render , capture not just brute physicality , but the haunt anguish in he eye . Ben be amaze , and touch , but ... BEN ( under breath ) eyebrow be a little big ... a beat . he stare at this image of himself . voice ( o.s. ) I figure the only way to get you here be to stick that in the window . he turn to see ... alicia in the doorway . BEN how would you know it be I ? alicia I be blind , not deaf . wanna come in ? he step toward she . but he see ...a party in the back part of the gallery . Ben pause , a little insecure . BEN I be not really dress for a party . alicia relax , it 's casual . BEN no , I mean ... I be a little ... dusty ... she smile , a think form , as we CUT to -- int . gallery - studio - night whoosh ! a sculptor' hose spray a thin stream of water at BEN . alicia clean Ben with she hand , use thin carving chisel for he crack . intricate , intimate work . Ben enjoy every moment . he eye a couple , large puppet in the corner . BEN that yours too ? alicia my step - dad 's . I be strictly into stone . I be wonder when you would walk by . the thing you know , you could 'a run a ad in the personal . alicia " sensual blind chick seek three - ton , rock -hard he-man for deep spiritual relationship . " the thing this be not permanent . my friend reed 's work on a cure ... I think . she get closer , run she hand across he arm . alicia bennie . you feel pretty good as be . Ben bristle . he do not want to stay this way . the thing you do not know what it 's like out there . walk around like some kind of circus freak . people stare , whisper -- alicia I would not know anything about that . the thing I mean ... alicia tell I . when you grow up in Brooklyn , how many astronaut do you know ? ( a beat ) you go you own way then . you do not listen to people . so why start now ...? as he ponder that , we hear a crowd swelling on the CUT to -- ext . STREET - night fan swarm johnny . he sign autograph , pose for picture . then he eye move to ... a incredibly long stretch limo . a tinted window roll down . Victor 's face emerge . victor need a ride , johnny ? ext . / int . limo - night johnny climb in , see ... three impossibly gorgeous model . victor a few fan . hope you do not mind . johnny gotta take care of the fan , right ? he smile , sit down in the middle of they . victor look , I build my business know what people want . and right now , the people want you . johnny eye the model , all lust . johnny and we do not want to let the people down now , do we ? victor no we do not . which be why we need to strike while the iron 's hot . I be talk action figure , videogame , sponsor -- johnny videogame ? you serious ? Victor nod , know he have johnny on the hook . johnny ( cont 'd ) you talk to reed and Sue about this ? victor johnny . let 's be honest here . Ben , reed , Sue . good people , all . but star ? ( shaking he head , a beat ) I do not want to break up the band , but you be the one they want . do not you think it 's time to go solo ...? Victor subtly nod to the model . they envelop johnny . victor ( cont 'd ) take the car for a spin . think about it . be this the life you want ? or would you rather live in reed 's lab ...? the car stop . Victor get out . he stand on the pavement . as he shut the door , we see the woman climb onto johnny . the door shut , and ... whhhmmmpf ! the window all suddenly steam up ! int . hayden planetarium - night star on the ceiling . a voice drone about the galaxy . in the last row , we find : reed and Sue . reed be think about work . reed I could get Ben to tap into the baxter 's main power to generate enough voltage -- sue reed . shh. just be quiet . and look up . he slowly look up . the star seem to calm he . sue ( cont 'd ) remember we first date here ...? God , I be so nervous . reed you be ? sue of course I be . I would read all you papers on bioethic . some of they two time just so I would have something to say to you . reed smile softly , think back . reed you know , I bribe the projectionist ten buck to keep it open late ? sue I give he twenty . they laugh . Sue look up to the star . quiet : sue ( cont 'd ) I do not want that night to end . reed look at she . wrestle with a decision . then quietly : reed Sue , you be right . it be not complicated . I just be not ready to be ... to become ... ( a beat ) you can be a little intimidating . she know . he trail off . Sue look at he . reed ( cont 'd ) you always talk about how you like the kind of man who could approach you ... speak he mind . one who be not afraid to tell you what he want . sue I do . I do , reed ... but I want you to be that man . someone shush they . they slump down further . closer . sue ( cont 'd ) when I walk out , I wait ten minute outside you door . ten. wait for you to come find I . reed why do not you say something ? sue that would have kinda defeat the purpose . and reed ... ( closer , emotional ) I be say it now . they eye lock . a heat beat . no more secret . they face be close . a kiss be come . closer , closer . Sue disappear . sue ( cont 'd ) ( quiet , playful ) come find I . reed tentatively lean into the kiss , and ... sue ( o.s. ) ( cont 'd ) that 's my nose , genius ... this be my lip . reed 's face be squeezed on both side by Sue 's invisible hand . she pull he into a kiss . lip touch . Soft , tender . star twinkle . and we slowly dissolve to -- ext . kirby gallery - night Ben and alicia step out together . the crowd quiet , turn . a few whisper flutter . alicia lean close to Ben , and slip she arm into he . the party go back to normal . alicia look around . I will get we drink . they always let blind girl cut the line . she walk off . he watch she go . the way she hair move . the line of she neck . the light on she skin . this woman be the most beautiful thing Ben have ever see . he 's fall hard . Ben step through the crowd . the swanky guest give strain smile , polite . Ben be start to feel comfortable here . he keep he eye on alicia , who talk to guest . Ben hang back , happy to watch she . a few patron pass he , think he 's just a inanimate statue . patron I do not know about this one . it lack a certain ... realism . Ben keep he eye on alicia . he overhear two bohemian girl , who assume he 's a statue . bohemian girl # 1 she 's always have a thing for runaway and stray , but this be ridiculous . bohemian girl # 2 I know . do she really think this sculpture would sell ? bohemian girl # 1 like anybody would want this thing in they house . that girl 's a one - woman charity . Ben just stand there , freeze . his eye dart around the room , paranoid now . aware of people stare , laugh . he glance at alicia , who giggle at something else . ten second ago , this would have be dreamy . now it 's damn . we stay with alicia , who cut through the crowd , emerge where she leave Ben . she have a pitcher of wine in hand for he . but Ben be go . she look disappointed , hearing he heavy footstep get softer and softer in the distance . thunder boom on the CUT to -- ext . / int . diner - night a pitstop in queen . heavy rain swim down window . BEN sit at the counter , with he hat pull low , coat tight . nobody sit within four chair of he . he sip coffee in a metal bowl . a long beat . then ... victor ( o.s. ) this seat take ? Ben turn to see ... victor . BEN what be you do here ? victor I be worried about you . BEN about I ? how sweet . victor come on . let I buy you something to eat . look like you could use the company . Ben consider . a man deeply alone . a beat . int . diner - later Victor and Ben sit in a window booth . a waitress set a foothigh stack of pancake in front of Ben , remove huge plate he 's just clear . Victor 's aware of the other customer in the diner stare at Ben . Ben burp : it rattles the plate . the thing ' scuse I . victor I know it can not be easy . life have not change that much for reed , Sue and johnny . at least they can go out in public . but for you ? people stare . whisper behind you back ... the thing if you be try to cheer I up you be do a helluva job -- victor I be just say , I know what it 's like to lose something you love . to see it slip away , and know it 's never come back . the thing shove a huge piece of pie in he mouth . the thing reed 's gonna fix I up -- victor for you sake I hope you be right . I be sorry if that sound a little skeptical . the thing skeptical ...? Ben do not trust he . but Victor be hit pressure point . victor look , he 's a brilliant man , we should trust he 's work as hard as he can . you be he best friend . so what possible reason could he have for take he time ? ( a beat ) I mean , other than get close to Sue ? off the thing : a seed of doubt have be plant . he can not help but find truth in the word . and we CUT to -- int . baxter build - transformation lab - night reed and Sue return , laugh quietly , body close . reed turn on the light , and they flinch when they see ... BEN . he sit wait , scowling . they stop laugh immediately . BEN yeah , I have that effect on people . the construction of the transformation chamber be complete . the technician be go now . reed Ben -- BEN oh , you remember my name do you ? you happen to remember what you swore to do with every breath in you body ? reed we be work as hard as we can -- BEN yeah . I can tell . Victor be right . he motion to reed and Sue together . reed come on , this be nothing . Sue look a little hurt . BEN glad " nothing " could take you away from you work . reed Ben , I do not know if this thing ' will change we back or make we worse . I need you to be patient for a little while longe -- he poke he finger into reed 's chest , which indent around it like the pillsbury doughboy . Ben push reed back . hard . BEN look at I , reed . look at I ! he grab reed 's face , he finger indenting the skin . he throws reed back . reed slam down to the ground . reed I be look . that 's why I can not make a mistake ! I have get to get it right , and it 's not right yet ! we need to test this . Ben shake he head , look down at reed . BEN I spend my whole life protect you , from the schoolyard to the star . for what ? so you could play twister with you girlfriend while I be the freak of the week ? reed try to stand , but Ben knock he back . reed slam into the wall , and stay down this time . sue Ben ! stop it ! or I will stop it . she start to raise she hand to throw force - field . BEN stay out of this susie . as Ben turn to she , reed take this opportunity to wrap Ben up like a python . they struggle . Ben run back into a wall to shake reed . they face be close , heat . BEN ( cont 'd ) good thing you be flexible enough to watch you own back . ' Cause you be on you own now . Ben seem to relax and reed let go . Ben walk out . Sue come to reed 's side . he 's bleed . reed I be ok . just go , go after he . stop he . she head out . reed slowly stand . he look at the transformation machine . it 's not ready . but ... reed step toward it . as he walk , he image go grainy in -- int . victor' office - night Victor get closer to he screen , watch reed 's every step . this be what Victor have be wait for . his screen flicker with static -- he 's too close , but he can not pull back . he see : reed turn on the machine . Hit a countdown . and he grab he uniform ... int . baxter build - hallway - night Sue hustle down the long hall . Ben turn a corner , pass the elevator , head toward a freight elevator . she get there too late . Doors close , go down . int . baxter build - ground floor - night Ben pound across the lobby . he see johnny come in . johnny Christmas come early ! check it out ! he hold up a action figure of BEN : a horribly bloat body top by a tiny pinhead . johnny push a button and -- BEN action figure it's clobberin ' time ! with one arm , Ben shove johnny into a wall . with he other hand , Ben grab the toy and smashes it into the wall , inch from johnny 's head . the toy lodge into the plaster . johnny hey ! that 's a prototype ! BEN go back to the draw board . he stride away . int . baxter build - ground floor - night ding . Sue speed out of the elevator . no sign of Ben . she run into ... johnny who shake off the encounter . sue johnny ? do you see Ben ? johnny yeah , for the last time , I hope . I be do with this freak show . I be move back to the real world . sue be that what you call it ? " Real " ? johnny at least it beat live in a lab like somebody 's science project . this hit home . Sue be quiet . johnny turn to go . sue johnny , slow down . think . you know mom do not raise we to -- johnny look around , sis ! she 's not here . so you can stop talk to I like I be you little boy -- sue as soon as you stop act like one . come on , you be smarter than this . you think that people out there care about you ? you be just a fad to they . he pull away from she , take a step out the door . johnny let 's try something new : you live you life . and I will live mine . ( beat ) and just for the record : they love I . he stride into the night , leave Sue alone . a dark night . the fantastic four be no more . the family be split apart . int . baxter build - transformation lab - night the transformation chamber be up and run . number count down . the storm swirl in the chamber . reed now wear the uniform . he open the door : he's go to use it on himself . he be finally taking action . int . victor' office - night Victor sit enthralled . he lean forward , breathless . int . baxter build - transformation lab - night reed get closer . his heart race . so do Victor 's . a moment of truth for both of they . reed step into the machine . reed look up at the cosmic storm . he open he arm , ready to risk he life . and ... whhhm ! he jolt in jump -cut -motion , reconfiguring , jerking out of control , and we CUT to -- victor' office - night his screen go black . he look out the window to see ... a flash atop the baxter build . the tip of the baxter glow . the rest of its light go out , flickering in a power surge . int . baxter build - ground floor - night light go haywire . Sue know immediately ... sue oh god , reed . int . baxter build - transformation lab - night light flicker in darkness . the door rip open . Sue lunge inside . she see through smoke and spark ... reed sway in the chamber . a beat . do it work ? then ... reed slump to the ground . his eye flutter back . Dead ...? his body be warpe , twisted -- one half remain tense , hard , while the other half be loose , soft , almost melt . sue what do you do , reed ? what do you do ? int . victor' office - night Victor watch every second on he monitor . int . baxter build - transformation lab - night Sue struggle to lift reed -- half of he body be stretched out , devoid of any semblance of bone structure . one side of he face look like it 's melting off . reed I can ... make it work . sue reed , stop , you need to rest you -- reed the power ... I need ... more power ... to control ... the storm -- sue you need a doctor . reed lose consciousness . Sue carry he out . int . victor' office - night Victor watch , he eye narrow , look at he hand . victor more power ...? he reach out for he phone , and ... he speakerphone automatically turn on . his power grow . victor ( to phone ) ( cont 'd ) Leonard . bring I we lab rat . ext . under the brooklyn bridge - night Ben sit alone , look at city light . a man without a home . without a family . a hard beat . headlight slash across Ben . he slowly turn , blind in the light of ... a limo . leonard Ben ! they need you back at the baxter building . it 's ... reed . Ben consider . despite it all , he 's a good friend . and a good man . as he get into the car , we hear throbbing music in -- int . manhattan night club - night loud music and pulsating light . a young crowd dance and grind to the beat . among the colorful light , streak of flame swirl around the ceiling . we follow they to : a balcony , where we see johnny sit in a cozy VIP section . he 's surround by " groupy " climb over each other to get a look at he various parlour trick . he lean closer to a young woman . closer . candle around they start to melt . bead of sweat drip down she face . johnny what do you say we get out of here ? she pause . and ... a very large man step up . johnny ( cont 'd ) this you boyfriend ? the boyfriend do not look too happy . boyfriend be that all you do ? bar trick and steal chick ... johnny do one more trick ... tap the guy 's drink ... ignite it into a burst of flame . the boyfriend drop the glass , which smashes on the ground ... catch the floor on fire . the boyfriend quickly move in and stamp it out . girlfriend what be you do ?! you could have burn somebody ! the boyfriend take he girlfriend 's hand , they start to walk off . she turn back for one last comment ... girlfriend ( cont 'd ) you know , if I have you power I would be do something with it , not waste my time do cheap bar trick , hit on some other guy 's girl . johnny look a little embarrassed . the couple leave . johnny glance around . his fan look down , away . he see how quickly they can turn . the crowd part slightly . he look very alone . int . transformation chamber - night Leonard lead the thing inside . the ominous chamber sit with its door open . Victor enter from the control station . victor Ben , come in . BEN what be this ? where 's reed ? victor where do you think ? with Sue . Ben look at the flicker light . suspicious . Victor turn to Leonard , who look a little scared by this dark room . victor ( cont 'd ) ( quiet ) I will take it from here , Leonard . Leonard nod , all too eager to get the hell out of here . leonard yes sir . Leonard disappear fast , as Victor turn back to ben. BEN what do you want , Vic ? victor to help you . I have run every test know to man . and they all yield the same result : the machine be ready . Ben shake he head , want to believe , but ... BEN reed say it would be week till -- victor he also say we would avoid that storm in space . and we know how that turn out . Ben nod . reed be wrong before . Ben get closer to the machine , draw to it . he want to believe , so badly . victor ( cont 'd ) he could not generate enough power for the machine to reach critical mass . yet another mistake for " Mr. fantastic . " BEN and you can ? power it up ? Victor stand in shadow , but we see the tiniest little spark around he . the light ...? or he skin ...? victor yes . I have find a new energy source . he keep he arm behind he back -- he fingertip course with electricity . it start to build , sparking up he arm . victor ( cont 'd ) tell I ... do you want to be Ben Grimm again ? Ben keep he eye on the machine . his dream be alive . BEN let 's do it . int . transformation chamber - night the chamber door open . thing enter . he look around this sterile box . a animal in a cage . Victor push a control ; the door of the chamber slowly close and seal . thing shut he eye . he just want to be Ben again . from the control : Victor initiate the transformation sequence . as light go on inside the chamber , they dim in the lab . Energy pump into the chamber . the storm swirl faster . light flicker ... there 's not enough power , until -- -- Victor walk over ... grab hold of the machine with both hand ... and whhhm ! a countdown begin in the control panel . slow move in on the chamber , the thing 's face in the window . the chamber activate . the storm strike hard . the thing open he mouth , a beat , then he scream in agony . struggle violently inside . to escape ? extend the moment : condensation obscure the chamber window : the thing vanish . ext . manhattan skyline - night the city light fill the sky , and give it a quiet , eerie glow . suddenly , a bright flash emerge from the window of the baxter Building . the rest of the city light dim slightly . int . baxter build live quarter - night reed lie in bed , weak , recuperate . when the power surge , we move in on he : he look up in alarm , know that someone 's use the chamber . he start to get out of bed , strain to stand with every muscle leave in he body . int . baxter build - medical supply room - same time Sue sift through a cabinet full of medication . the light dim . power failure . she look up ... ext . club - night johnny walk alone . a wave of light spread through the sky . he look up . his eye adjust to the blast , as he realize where it 's come from . he start running toward the baxter . int . baxter build - reversion lab - night inside the machine , the red cloud swirl with debris , crackle with light . the chamber rattles dangerously , as the power seem to shake the very foundation of the building . and then it 's over . the light die down ... somewhat . it still pulse along with the chamber . the chamber door slide OPEN . beat . and ... BEN grimm step out . not the thing . no more rock . BEN grimm . nake , tired , but finally a normal man . he slip on he trench - coat -- now way too large . he collapse . he stare at he hand , he arm ... it work . BEN oh my God ... th- thank you . thank you ... VIC ?! Ben see a spark in shadow . that spark be ... victor be arm . Victor step forward , and reveal himself to Ben : electricity pump through he body . his skin be part flesh , part metal . cheekbone expose , steel tissue . he be doom . BEN ( cont 'd ) Vic ... what the ...? doom everyone think I be safe behind that shield ... BEN Victor , the machine work for I . it can work for you -- doom it do , Ben . it work perfectly . Ben start to realize ... BEN you plan this ...? doom smile , reach out he hand -- electricity build from he shoulder , coursing down he arm to he fingertip . doom I have always want power . now I have get a unlimited supply ... BEN and no thing to stand in you way . doom smile , nod , stronger than Ben now . doom take a good look , Ben . this be what a man look like who embrace he destiny . doom clenches he fist and blast Ben , send he fly backwards across the room -- knock unconscious . doom ( cont 'd ) one down , three to go . suddenly , whoosh ! the lab door fly open . reed enter . doom step back into the shadow . doom ( cont 'd ) right on cue . reed 's eye go wide . he see Ben crumpled in the corner . reed oh god Ben . be you okay ? ( amaze ) you do it , you really do it ... doom no , reed . I do . reed slowly turn to see ... doom . his body , he face . reed Victor ...? what , what happen to you ? what do you do to you -- doom exactly what I say I would : I build a better , stronger be . and outsmart the great reed Richards -- reed Victor , this be not the way to -- doom ( a dark smile ) you always know best . so tell I . what happen when you superheat rubber ? doom blast a electrical bolt at reed , knocking reed through the huge window ! reed 's body rubber -band from the blast . ext . baxter build - night reed slinkie down the face of the building , skin rippling . int . baxter build - reversion lab - night doom look out the window , smile at he old friend 's fall . int . baxter build - front lobby - night ding ! the elevator open . doom stride out . he pass we friend o'hoolihan , who look scared . o'hoolihan Mr. von doom ? be you oka -- doom casually swipe , send he through revolve door . doom never better , Jimmy . and it 's Doctor doom now . ext . baxter build - night reed melt down the side of a awning , like a salvador dali watch . he try to grab hold of window ledge , but he can not get a grip . his arm streeetch , and SNAP ! he fall like a slinky , out of control . half he body loose , half hard . he drip to the sidewalk , where ... doom step out . he catch reed 's face , hold it close . doom why the long face ? doom whip reed into the night . as doom turn , people cower , horrify by he face . they clear out , and ... doom see he reflection in a window : scar skin , metallic vein . a monster . infuriate , he shatter the window with a iron fist , and bound into the night . int . baxter build - later - night smoke billow , window be shattered . Sue race inside , see doom 's devastation . silence , deadly silence . then ... she see a pile of wreckage shift . BEN crawl out . sue Ben ?! she help he out of the rubble . he be beat , batter . johnny ( o.s. ) Sue ! johnny come run in . he see the wreckage . johnny ( cont 'd ) I be sorry , sis , for leave you guy -- sue no , I be sorry , for push you out . he nod . a beat between they . he look around , see ben. johnny Jesus , Ben ! ( eyeing he ) I go away , look what happen . you get a lot of explain to do . he motion to the wreckage . BEN ( struggle , weak ) the machine work . and Vic 's go mister hyde on we -- johnny really ? with a name like von doom ? never see that one come . Sue look around . only one question . Dead serious : sue where be reed ? BEN Victor must have take he . int . von doom - conference room - night doom sit at the head of the table in a eerie parallel to the open scene . that mysterious crate loom in shadow . he wear a green hood , and metal mask over he scar face . doom 's eye turn toward ... the other end of the table . doom chemistry 101 , part two . what happen to rubber when it 's super - cool ? we now see what he see : reed sit in a chair with tube injected into he skin freezing he solid ! ultra-cold vapor coat he . doom step closer , a sadistic smile . reed try to move but can not even ball he hand into a fist . doom ( cont 'd ) allow I . he presses down on one of reed 's finger , which make a horrific cracking SOUND . reed 's face twist with pain . doom ( cont 'd ) painful ...? doom seem to enjoy every crack . he lean closer . doom ( cont 'd ) you do not know the meaning of the word . doom let up on reed and reach into a crate , and pull out a military - issue rocket -launcher . he aim at the city skyline , lock onto he target : johnny STORM . doom ( cont 'd ) but you will . johnny 's heat signature glow . the screen flash : target acquired . doom look back at reed , he launcher aim casually over he shoulder . doom ( cont 'd ) flame off . boooom ! he fire without look ! a missile blast into the sky . the missile light up the dark night beginning its wide turn towards its target . int . baxter build johnny , Ben , and Sue hear the missile be fire and turn to the window -- it bank , come straight for they . they move to -- ext . baxter build balcony - night johnny rush toward the edge , to get a good look at the missile streaking closer . as he move , the missile shift slightly with he motion ! his eye narrow , think . he flame on a hand . he wave he flame hand , and the missile lock onto the fire ! johnny darken , realize ... johnny great . heat-seeker . his mind race . he make a decision , and step up onto the ledge , hundred of foot above the street . sue what be you do -- johnny sis . let I take care of you for once . sue but johnny ... you can not fly . johnny consider , a half - beat . he look out . under breath : johnny well then this will be one hell of a basejump . Sue reach out to stop he , but johnny dive heroically off the edge ! he flame on ! the missile follow he arc . as he drop , he clothes burn off , revealing he uniform . johnny ( cont 'd ) ( under breath ) come on ... come on ... come on ... he fall lower , lower . and ...he ... bank ! swoops up ! flying ! johnny ( cont 'd ) flame on . Sue watch , with fear , and a hint of pride . BEN we need to help reed -- Sue shake she head , sympathetic . sue Ben , you get what we all want . you need to stay here . it 's too dangerous . she head off . Ben watch she go , helpless . int . baxter build - reversion lab - night Ben step back into this ravage room . through the shattered window , he see johnny 's flame streaking away . a hard beat . BEN what ... what have I do ? ext . new york - night johnny zig and zag , but the missile take every twist and turn , gain on he , bear down . Cars slow , stop . more people look up , scared , point at this stun sight . int . von doom conference room - night eerily silent . reed try to move , but he be frozen . he hear a footstep . but the room be empty . no sign of doom even . a beat . he hear a creak . another creak , closer . and ... a freezing tube start to shift . it go taut , clearly be manipulate by a hand -- a invisible hand . Sue appear next to reed , tube in hand . she try to stay calm . sue what have he do to you ? reed 's eye shift to see ... doom emerge from the darkness . doom ( o.s. ) how romantic . sue Victor , please -- doom it 's Doctor doom to you . he step closer . electrode course over he metal skin . sue we know the machine work . it work on Ben , it will work on you . we can turn you back -- doom do you really think fate turn we into god so we could refuse this gift ? she harden , a little force field start to emanate from she . sue Victor . you always think you be god . doom have a hand behind he back , generate a energy blast . doom Sue please , let 's not fight . sue no , Victor ... let 's . she hurl a force - field at he . it connect , knocking he back a half -step . but he simply shake it off , and step up . too powerful . he smile . his arm crackle with electricity . doom Susan ...... you be fire . boom ! he fire a electric shockwave that launch she back . she spiral through the air , crash into the wall , thudding to the floor . as doom stalk closer , Sue gather she strength to ... go invisible . doom ( cont 'd ) Marco ... a hang beat . we see : a faint outline of Sue behind he . doom ( cont 'd ) polo . he spin , grab she ! doom grip she neck , slamming she to the ground beside reed . she lay there , beat , visible . in the distance behind doom , city light blink , fade in and out . light flutter softly here ( like when Ben go through the machine ) . reed look up . could it be ...? ext . east river - night johnny jet over the water with the missile only twenty foot behind he . he 's run out of option , when he spot : a garbage barge float in the water ahead . think fast , johnny do a fly - by and hurl a fireball at the barge . vwoosh ! the flame ignite and spread quickly . he loop back toward the flame barge as the missile close in on he . Fifteen foot ... ten ... just as it 's about to hit -- johnny flame off and fall toward the water . as he tumble through the air , we CUT back to -- int . von doom conference room - night from they vantage point , they see the missile explode . flame dance . Sue 's eye darken , as doom grip she neck . reed try desperately to move , but he be frozen . it take every last ounce of strength to lift one finger , which make a craccckkkking sound . doom one more down . now it 's just the scientist and he specimen . Sue and reed lock eye . reed try to move he mouth . he have something to tell she , struggle just to move he lip and get the word out . reed Sue . the only thing I ever know without think be ... ( he lip fully freezing ) i...love ... he start to say " you , " but he lip freeze , mid-word . Sue whisper to he : sue I too , reed . doom step toward Sue , about to deliver the final blow . doom ( quiet , cruel ) and so four become none . it 's my time now . boooom ! a elevator door fly into the room ! smash ! voice ( o.s. ) actually , Vic ... reed recognize the voice . so do we . doom turn to see ... BEN grimm , aka the thing . back in rocky , fight form . BEN it's clobbering time ! doom turn , just as -- bam ! Ben hit doom harder than any live thing have ever be hit . the force send doom back through the air , toward the far wall , where he smashes into the massive " V " sculpture . it snap , crash onto he . a few spark . then nothing . nothing at all . no more movement . doom be dead . Ben turn to reed . BEN ( cont 'd ) damn , I have be want to do that . reed manage the thinnest smile as Ben start disconnect the tube from reed . BEN ( cont 'd ) ( reed 's word ) Victor 's " not that bad , " huh ? just " a little larger than life " ? maybe you will listen to I next time before -- whmm ! the wreckage shift . they turn to see ... doom emerge . he stand , power coursing . and he charge at Ben ! Ben charge back . and this two behemoth ... slam into each other , crashing through glass , into thin AIR !! ext . von doom build - continuous doom and Ben plummet , wrestle in mid-air . on the ground , people scream and duck for cover . doom and Ben smash through the large glass roof of a lower building across the street . int . HOTEL - indoor pool - continuous boooom ! doom and Ben , lock in combat , drop through the glass , landing in a large HOTEL pool . people scream , run . int . HOTEL - indoor pool - night underwater : doom and Ben land hard . they combine weight crack the floor of the pool . a young boy watch underwater through he mask . doom and Ben square off , but ... the crack OPEN wider ! and they be pulled toward the hole ! whoosh ! the water be all suck out of the hole . the boy hold tight to a ladder , as Ben and doom crash down to -- int . HOTEL - hallway - night a HOTEL guest see water flood into the hall . Roaring rapid head straight for he . he jam he key into the lock , turn desperately , just barely leaping out of the way as the wave carry BEN and doom smashes through a window to -- ext . HOTEL - continuous smash ! Ben and doom fly out the window , thrashing in the ten thousand -gallon waterfall to -- ext . new york CITY STREET - continuous crash ! Water flood the street . doom and Ben land in a large garbage truck . the truck rock back and forth , denting from the inside . grunt , growl . crash ! the truck suddenly stop . cop car speed closer , siren scream . and -- boom , a huge shape explode from the truck . smash ! Ben land on a car fill with two old lady -- he head crack the windshield . doom step out of the garbage truck , water flooding the street around he . cop car converge on doom . doom turn he attention to the cop . his limb spark with electricity , ready to fire at the car . ext . / int . car - continuous Ben see the cop and doom . he know the cop be dead meat . he turn to the old lady in the driver 's seat . BEN Excuse I , maam . can I borrow you car ? she nod and quickly get out , shaking . old lady the clutch stick a little . BEN not gonna be a problem . Ben lift the car and throws it at doom . whmm ! it fly through the air , and wham ! Hit hard , knock doom back twenty foot ! as doom fly back , a bus enter frame , and -- ext . new york CITY STREET - night boom ! doom smashes into the out of service bus ! crash ! window shatter . the bus slam into a electricity pole , snap the pole . doom step out , unharme . Ben charge toward he . doom grab the break electricity pole , flip it into he hand , and wield the pole like a giant stun -gun ! electric spark fly through the air into -- BEN ! the blast of volt launch he off he foot ! he go flying backward , electrocuted in mid-flight , and -- whoompf ! Ben land hard , face down , cratering the street ! Water rush into the crater . Ben lay there , incapacitate . ext . new york CITY STREET - same time on the street , car scream to stop , people gasp . doom stride up to Ben , and raise the electricity pole for the death - blow . current surge . right before he swing down -- voice ( o.s. ) I can not let you do that . simple , strong . doom turn to see ... reed . alone . bruise and batter . slowly step toward he . doom smile . doom and you can not stop I . he turn back to Ben , raise the pole , but ... he can't swing down ! something be holding the pole in mid-air . something invisible . doom ( cont 'd ) hello Susan . she turn visible , hold back the pole with a forcefield . use she power , she fling the pole from doom 's grip . it skid along the street . reed help Ben to he foot . doom turn to this three wounded soldier . doom ( cont 'd ) what be this ? the pitiful three ? doom step toward they , but -- voice ( o.s. ) four. whooosh ! johnny swoops down , hurl a fireball like a flamethrower , knocking doom back . johnny take he place alongside the other . the four of they stand as one . johnny turn to thing . johnny have a little relapse , huh ? thing start to retort , but johnny give a warm smile . johnny ( cont 'd ) welcome back . they turn to doom , who stand with metal skin slightly singe and melt , make he look all the more menace . doom this be go to be fun . electricity start to course through he body . he stand at the foot of the crater Ben make . he thrust down , grab a thick power cable , ripping it out of the street ! he snap the cable into two snake , lash strip . he hold tight , absorbing the power . light flicker and dim in building around he . window blow ! doom glow , amp up . he lets go of the cable ! the two deadly wire snake out of control ! pedestrian scatter , panic . reed see the wire slashing through the air . he make a move : reed streeetch he arm , reach for the deadly cable . doom fire superpower ENERGY bolt . the electric charge surge through the air toward the fantastic four , but -- Sue toss she force - field , explode doom 's blast in mid- flight . she keep she hand up , blocking blow like a prize fighter . one of doom 's bolt glance off she force - field and -- smashes into a concrete stanchion of a build ! the pillar start to crumble , with people huddle under the overhang ! they be about to be crushed by the fall concrete ! but -- suddenly , the concrete roof hold steady ... because ... BEN be hold it up ! he stand beside the stanchion , like atlas hold the world . people run out , safe . on the STREET : reed finally grab both end of the wire . reed johnny ! spot -weld ! johnny fly toward he , and use he flame to weld the wire back together . spark fly . the cable start to fuse . doom keep firing . Sue struggle with she force - field . the impact be too much . her nose start to bleed . sue can n't...hold ...on ... doom smile . reed see she . she be about to drop she hand , vulnerable , but .............. reed stretch he whole body ! he expand himself across the street , and grab a tree , so he form a wall between Sue and doom . doom keep firing he bolt . they slam into reed 's body , rubberband he skin , and distend out he back without break . he strain , agonizing . reed johnny . supernova . johnny but all this people ... reed now . johnny charge toward doom -- flame on he body start build to a blind white intensity , engulfing everything . johnny grab doom . thing ( quiet , smile ) flame on , kid . flash ! johnny explode in a pulse of bright white light , which start to heat up everything surround it . reed do not miss a beat . he 's in total command now . reed Sue , I need some of that anger , rage , frustration -- sue ( look at doom ) I be sure I can come up with something . she concentrate . she see johnny hold onto doom -- and the growing heat and light . Sue shut she eye . a giant force field explode from her body . a massive wave of ENERGY . it swoops past a car , which warp , melt ( half the car be not inside the force - field ) . thing turn to the crowd , extend he arm , block they . Sue 's force - field envelop johnny' supernova , contain it in a bright sphere of ENERGY . the light increase , to the point that it 's blind . people look away . finally , johnny 's supernova fade . he collapse to the ground , exhaust , smoking . Sue exhales and fall to she knee . her force field fade . the light flicker out . as everyone 's eye adjust , we hear ... thud . thud . and -- doom step through the smoke . unharm . his metallic body glow white , trailing molten metal . Sue , Ben , johnny look devastate . they can not beat he . he look at reed . doom be that the best you can do ...? a little heat ...? reed stay perfectly calm . he shake he head . reed time for you lesson , Vic . chem 101 : what happen when you supercool hot metal ...? ( to Ben ) Ben ... BEN get it , teach . he kick OPEN the FIRE hydrant . the water geyser up ! Ben kick down with he foot , deflect the water so it spray toward reed , who ... twist he torso so ... the water curl around he chest , race down he arm , and shoot right off he wrist toward doom ! doom no . doom rush toward reed , but the water fly out , dousing doom . giant cloud of steam fill the air from the cool metal . doom scream . his shriek finally fade to silence . the water stop , thick steam cloud roll , completely obscure doom from view . a beat . the steam clear to reveal : doom . a true statue now -- a hard , cold solid piece of metal . frozen forever . reed , Sue , Ben , and johnny -- the fantastic four -- exhale . they stand as one , in roiling smoke . a beat . johnny damn , I love this job . reed and Sue slowly lock eye , think the same thing . BEN job , huh ...? will they accept they mantle ? reed shrug . reed well , we do have the suit ... they give weary smile . a team . Sue get close to reed . sue you know , about what we say up there , I think maybe -- thor ! he kiss her . his neck extend . strong , powerful . he pull back slightly , smile at she . a new strength in he . BEN funny how thing turn out , be not it ? Sue look at reed . a long way from that conference room . sue hilarious . as they kiss , people emerge , step out of hide . the sun rise around they . the fantastic four step into the new dawn of a new day . and we slowly dissolve to -- int . circle line boat - banquet room - dusk reed and Sue kiss on the deck of the Circle line as it chug around New York City . johnny ( o.s. ) dude , that 's still my sister . a party in progress . drink , food , music . we see in the crowd a familiar face : o'hoolihan ( cast on he arm ) , bartender ernie , other . johnny and BEN stand behind reed and Sue . reed and Sue pull apart . reed turn to Ben , excited . reed Ben , I have be crunching the number on the machine . I think if we can rework the power setting ... BEN forget it , egghead . I be good as be . alicia ( o.s. ) that 's my benny . she hand Ben a big metal mug . Ben take the mug . he clink , but shatter she glass . alicia ( cont 'd ) we be go to have to work on you touch . BEN I like the sound of that . alicia get close . a soft smile . reed turn to Sue . reed Sue , can I talk to you for a second ? reed lead she out . Ben and johnny swap a glance . ext . circle line boat - deck - dusk a romantic view of the city -scape . reed stand with Sue . reed I find a break gasket , from space -- sue a gasket ? reed , we be at a party . he open he hand , revealing a circular piece of metal , just about the size of ...... a ring . Sue slow down . reed if one of we be to wear it ... she see johnny and Ben inside , watch -- in on a secret . reed look she square in the eye . unflinch . sue reed . what be you do ? reed drop to he knee . his head stay eye-level , while he body drop . Sue gape , so emotional she start to disappear . reed no more think , no more variable ... Sue Storm ... will you ... ( she 's go ) Sue ? Sue ? you there ? Dead silence . and then ... the ring disappear . sue be wearing it . sue ( v.o. ) yes . reed go to kiss she . sue ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) that 's my nose , genius ... this be my lip . reed 's face be squeezed on both side by Sue 's invisible hand . she pull he into a kiss and reappear . inside : the party applaud . Ben , johnny , and alicia move through the crowd to join reed and Sue . as they go -- BEN no more crack about how I look . johnny hey , I be Mr. sensitivity now . ( weaving around body ) clear the way , wide load come through . Ben glare , fist clench . johnny smile , mischievous , as they hit the balcony . and he flame on , take off into the air , blaze the number " four " enclose in a circle of flame ( they future callsign ) , over the city skyline . the crowd ooh and aah . Ben watch , unimpress . BEN showoff . people drink , laugh , dance . we slowly pull back from the party , the boat , the city , and ... CUT to -- ext . harbor - day close on : the melted face of doom . he be place in a wooden crate . leonard oversee the operation , listen to he cell . as two worker move the heavy door in place -- a crackle of electricity move over doom 's body . Leonard 's cellphone go staticky . his eye narrow . could it be ...? and -- slam . the door close . we can read the destination through stencile lettering : latveria . and we pull back to reveal the box be on the deck of : a freighter ship . the ship pull away , steaming into the horizon , as we ... fade out . the end