fantastic mr . fox written by roald dahl , wes Anderson &amp ; noah baumbach March 4 , 2007 ext . wood . day a apple tree stand alone at the top of a hill . a handsome fox dress in a edwardian - style navy velvet suit lean against it with he arm fold and he leg cross , chew on a reed of wild grass . he hold a apple core in he paw . he spit out a seed . he look off across a meadow that descend into the valley below . a female fox stride briskly up the hill . her coat be a paler , especially beautiful shade of fox -re , and she wear man 's trousers and a dark tunic . Fox say as she approach : fox what would the doctor say ? mrs . fox nothing . supposedly , it 's just a twenty - four hour bug . he give I some pill . fox ( reassuringly ) I tell you . you probably just eat some bad gristle . Fox brushes the fur on Mrs. Fox 's ear with he paw . they walk together along the crest of the hill to a fork in the path . Fox point : fox should we take the short cut or the scenic route ? mrs . fox let 's take the short cut . fox but the scenic route be so much prettier . mrs . fox ( shrug ) ok , let 's take the scenic route . fox great . it 's actually slightly quick , anyway . Fox throw he apple core away over he shoulder and dance a quick circle around Mrs. Fox , wrapping he arm around she waist extravagantly and make she laugh as they start off down the scenic route . 2 . ext . farm . day a rustic cottage surround by a small barn , a tin silo , and a rickity windmill . there be a sheep in a little pasture . a sign on a rail say berkus squab . Fox and Mrs. Fox watch from the bush outside a fence . mrs . fox what be a squab ? fox you know what a squab be . it 's like a pigeon , I suppose . anyway , it 's a type of bird we can eat . Fox motion toward the edge of the property . fox should we go through the hole under the horse fence or climb the rail over the bridle path ? mrs . fox well , I guess the horse fence would be a little safer . fox but the bridle path put we out right next to the squab shack . Mrs. Fox hesitates . she fiddle with she paw . she nod nervously . she shake slightly . Fox look at she funny . fox what 's wrong ? I have never see you like this . you be act all skittish . do not worry . I have be steal bird for a live since before I could trot . mrs . fox ( shrug ) ok , let 's take the -- fox no , we will do the horse fence . you give I the scenic route already . Fox flash a smile . he say suddenly : fox by the way , you look unbelievably beautiful tonight . you be practically glow . maybe it 's the lighting . 3 . Mrs. Fox be , in fact , glow , albeit ever so slightly . she stare at Fox enigmatically . Fox touch he paw to she cheek . ( note : a alternate version of Mrs . Fox will be use for this shot which can be literally light from within . ) with the speed , grace , and precision of athlete , Fox and Mrs. Fox : dart through a hole under a paint fence ; race along a thin trail next to a garage ; crawl beneath a window where a blonde woman serve a early dinner , deal hamburger like play card to three little , blond child ; creep past a doghouse where a golden retriever sleep with a airline sleep mask over he eye ; and shimmy over a doorway outside a workshop where a blond , bearded farmer hack into a stump with a hatchet , completely pulverize it into sawdust . they arrive in front of a wooden shed . Fox whistle sharply with a half - chirp and perform a rapid reverse - flip with a flourish . Fox lift a loose board . he look to Mrs. Fox and put he finger to he lip for she to be quiet . she shrug impatiently . they duck inside . they come back out . each hold a dead , bloody pigeon in he / she tooth . they start to run away . Fox look up above they . he stop . he frown . he take the pigeon out of he mouth and say curiously , point toward the sky : fox what 's that ? I think that 's a fox - trap ! look at this . mrs . fox get away from there . fox be it spring - load ? yeah ... ( point to different spot ) I guess if you come from over there , and you be stand at the door to the squab shack , this little gadget probably triggers the -- ( gesture to Mrs. Fox ) move out of the way , darling . that 's right where it 's go to land . Mrs. Fox run back to Fox and tug at he arm . mrs . fox come on ! stop it ! let 's go ! 4 . Fox pull on a little , hang wire . a chain unroll rapidly from a pulley , and a steel cage fall slap down on top of they . a small tag on the base of it say badoit et fil . Fox and Mrs. Fox stand motionless , side by side , in disbelief . fox no , it just fall straight down right here , do not it ? I guess it 's not spring - load . sound come from around the farm : the dog bark , door open , voice yell , light come on . Mrs. Fox turn to Fox and say quietly : mrs . fox I be pregnant . Fox stare at Mrs. Fox . he be confuse but move . fox wow . we be go to have a cub . honey , that 's great news ! mrs . fox if we be still alive tomorrow morning , I want you to find another line of work . pause . Fox nod . CUT to : a wide shot of the entire valley . there be thick wood , green and yellow field , two pond , a small village , and a river run through the middle . title : 2 year later ( 12 Fox - year ) ext . hole . day the entrance to a tunnel under a dirt mound cover with holly bush . int . hole . day a small , comfortable kitchen off a live room with two bedroom behind it . Fox sit at the kitchen table read a newspaper call the gazette . his fur have go grey at the temple , and he now wear a dark , double - breast , pin - stripe suit with a conservative necktie . Mrs. Fox stand at the counter - top stir something in a bowl with a whisk . 5 . she be dress in a paint-splatter , cream -color , victorian - style dress . insert : a column in the newspaper with Fox 's picture at the top of it . the caption read : Fox about town with fantastic Mr. Fox . fox do anybody actually read my column ? do you friend ever talk about it ? mrs . fox ( still stirring ) of course . in fact , rabbit 's ex - girlfriend just say to I last week , " I should read foxy 's column , " but they do not get the gazette . ( yell into the next room ) ash ! let 's get crack ! fox why would they ? it 's a rag-sheet . ( sigh ) I want to say I hate my job , but that would make it seem more important to I than I want people to think it be . Mrs. Fox put down she bowl and start slice a loaf of bread . a small , narrow fox cub come out of one of the bedroom wear white pants and no shirt . his hair be smashed all onto one side stick up wrong . he be ash . ash I be sick . mrs . fox you be not sick . ash I have a temperature . Mrs. Fox go quickly over to ash and put she paw to he forehead . mrs . fox you do not have a temperature . ash turn away and say as he go back into he bedroom : ash I do not want to go . 6 . mrs . fox hurry up . you be go to be late . Mrs. Fox go back into the kitchen and start make toast and coffee . Fox whisper to she : fox I love the way you handle that . Mrs. Fox look at Fox sideways . she say loudly to ash : mrs . fox you cousin kristofferson 's come first thing tomorrow morning . I want you to be extra nice to he , because he 's go through a very hard time right now , ok ? ash come back out of he bedroom . he now wear a white cardigan and white sock with he white pants tuck into they . he say aggressively : ash where 's he go to sleep ? mrs . fox we be go to make a bed for he in you room tonight . ash I can not spare the space . put he in dad 's study . Fox say without look up from he newspaper : fox dad 's study be occupy by dad . ash go back into he bedroom . Fox lower he newspaper . he look around the room . he say to Mrs. Fox : fox I do not want to live in a hole anymore . it make I feel poor . Mrs. Fox stop butter the toast . she look to Fox and say softly : mrs . fox we be poor -- but we be happy . Fox twist he paw in the air , indicate : 7. fox comme - ci , comme-ga . anyway , the view be better above ground . Mrs. Fox nod . she bring Fox a plate of toast and a cup of coffee . Fox take she paw and say : fox I be seven non- fox - year old now . my father die at seven and a half . I do not want to live in a hole anymore , and I be go to do something about it . Fox kiss Mrs. Fox 's paw . he suddenly eat three slice of toast in a second and a half , savagely but neatly . he stand and pick up he cup of coffee . fox well , I be off . Fox throw back the last of he coffee , kiss Mrs. Fox on the back of she neck , grab he briefcase , tuck he newspaper under he arm , and walk to the door . he shout cheerily : fox have a good day , my darling ! ash come out the bedroom again . he have now add a white cape to he ensemble and be in the middle of brush he tooth . there be toothpaste all over he mouth . he wave briefly to Fox and go back into he bedroom . Fox look puzzle . fox what 's he wear ? Mrs. Fox shrug . she smile sadly and wave to Fox . Fox wave back . he start to go out but pause to look down at a fold up section of he newspaper . insert : a clipping from the real estate section . there be a photograph of a wide , sprawling beech tree at the top of a hill . a caption below it read : Tree live , great view , classic beech int . tree . day a door open into a wide , low space with peel paint . there be a old chair against the wall , a bare light bulb hang 8. from the ceiling , and a layer of dust over everything . a skinny weasel in a khaki outfit immediately start in as Fox come into the live room : weasel obviously , it 's first growth , indigenous . original dirt floor , good bark , skip stone hearth -- weasel be interrupt by a loud bang clank . he and Fox peer into the next room . a heavy - set opossum with a cowlick tinker with some pipe under the kitchen sink . he be kylie . weasel snap at he : weasel what would I tell you ? I be show the property . you be not suppose to be here . kylie ( check he watch ) oh , cuss . what time be it ? I be sorry . weasel sigh . he wave he arm in kylie 's direction and say distractedly , slightly annoyed : weasel this be kylie . he 's the super . ( aside to fix ) he 's a little -- weasel make a flutter gesture with he paw . Fox nod . he point at a bucket on the floor next to kylie among bolt , tool , and washer . fox what 's in the bucket , Mr. kylie ? kylie ( hesitate ) just minnow . you want one ? fox certainly . thank you . kylie reach into he bucket and hand Fox a live , wriggle minnow . Fox swallow it whole . Fox stare out the window at three sprawling poultry compound in the distance . Black smoke pour out of a farmhouse chimney on each property . a sign on a water tower in the first compound read boggis Farms and have a picture of a chicken on it . a sign on a silo in the second compound read bunce industry and have a picture of a goose on it . a sign on a windmill in the third compound read bean , inc . 9 . ( since 1976 ) and have a picture of a turkey with a apple on it . weasel say pointedly from across the room : weasel May I ask what you do for a live , Mr. Fox ? Fox 's eye narrow as he look out , entrance , with he mouth slightly open . he say almost inaudibly : fox I use to steal bird , but now I be a newspaper man . weasel ( pleased ) oh , sure . I have see you by -line . Fox snap out of he reverie and say suddenly : fox good afternoon , gentleman . Fox shake hand abruptly with weasel and start across the room . weasel be about to ask something when Fox stop in the doorway , look back , and say : fox oh , and kylie -- thank you for the minnow . it be superb . kylie smile . Fox exit . ext . river . day a beaver dam across a bend in a fast stream . a still pond sit above it . there be a entrance tunnel tuck beneath a rock . int . beaver dam . day a large room of twig , stick , and mud construction . a card on the door read badger , beaver , and stoat , l.l.p , attorney at Law . a anxious badger sit at he desk review some document . Fox pace the floor with he hand clasped behind he back . badger do not buy this tree , foxy . you be borrow at nine and a half , which stink like cuss , plus move into the most dangerous neighborhood in the ( more ) 10 . badger ( cont 'd ) country for someone of you type of species . fox you be exaggerate , badger . badger ( yelling ) bull -cuss ! I be sugar-coate it , man ! this be boggis , bunce , and bean ! Three of the meanest , nastiest , ugliest farmer in the history of this valley ! a uneasy otter secretary peer in at they from the outer office . Fox look intrigue . fox really ? tell I about they . silence . badger sigh . he loosen he tie and settles in . badger all right ... CUT to : a fat man with a huge moustache . he wear a tweed suit which stretch at the button so much that they look like they be about to snap off . he hold a carbine rifle . he stand in front of he farm , which contain row upon row of chicken house . he have a ugly face . he be boggis . badger ( v.0 . ) walter boggis be a chicken farmer . probably the most successful in the world . int . boggis ' kitchen . day boggis sit at a chopping block tear into a boil chicken with a fork and a meat cleaver . badger ( v.0 . ) he 's unbelievably fat -- which maybe be genetic -- but he also eat three boil chicken smother with dumpling every day for breakfast , lunch , supper , and dessert . that 's twelve in total , per diem . insert : 11 . boggis ' ear . furry black and white hair grow out of it . a fly buzze around , land on it , and crawl inside . boggis stick he pinky in after it and scratch . badger ( v.0 . ) he never take a bath , as a result of which he ear hole be clogge with all kind of muck and wax and bit of chew gum and dead fly and so on . CUT to : a short , overweight man with one slightly wander eye . he wear overall and a cap . he hold a twelve - gauge shotgun . he stand in front of he farm , which consist of several long building in row like a factory . he have a nasty face . he be bunce . badger ( v.0 . ) Nathan bunce be a duck and goosefarmer . he own about 2 million ducksand 500,000 geese . you might say he 's kind ofa pot - belly dwarf of some kind . ext . swimming pool . day bunce stand up to he nose in water . the depth read 4ft . badger ( v.0 . ) he 's so short he chin would probably be under water in the shallow end of any swim pool on the planet . int . bunce's kitchen . day bunce sit on two stack telephone book on a chair . he gut a dead goose , cut out its liver and mash it with a fork . a plate of doughnut cool on the table . badger ( v.0 . ) he eat only doughnut with smashed - up goose liver injected into they . CUT to : a tall , skinny man in a long trench - coat . he hold a luger pistol . he stand in front of he farm , which be a apple orchard that stretch over thousand of acre . he have a mean face . he be bean . badger ( v.0 . ) Franklin bean be a turkey and apple farmer . he keep he bird in a orchard ( more ) 12 . badger ( v.0 . ) ( cont would ) where they run around squawk and gobble , surround by apple . bean aim he luger and shoot a hum bird . crazy turkey run about among the tree . int . bean' shed . day bean work at a moonshine - type cider still , boil chemical and sip from a bottle . badger ( v.0 . ) he 's probably anorexic , because he never eat anything . he 's on a liquid diet of strong , alcoholic cider , which he make from he apple . he 's as skinny as a pencil , as smart as a whip -- and easily the biggest cusshole I have ever meet in my life . CUT to : Fox and badger in badger 's office . badger in summation , I think you just get to not do it , man . that 's all . fox I understand what you be say , and you comment be valuable , but I be go to ignore you advice . badger leap out of he chair and slam the office door . he point he finger at Fox and scream : badger the cuss you be ! fox ( in disbelief ) the cuss be I ? Fox jump up and point back at badger , scream : fox do not cussing point at I ! badger ( scream ) be you cussing with I ? 13 . fox ( scream ) do I look like I be cussing with you ? Fox and badger begin to snarl and snap savagely , knock into the furniture as they circle around the room point in each other 's face . suddenly , they calm down all at once , sighing deeply . pause . fox one last thing : something 's probably about to happen to I at work which I can not put my finger on but have a funny feel about . how can I protect myself legally ? badger ( pause ) be you about to get fire ? fox ( shrug ) slash quit . CUT to : a door with a frost glass window . letter paint on it read gazette , editor -in - Chief , Phillip squirrel . Fox 's silhouette stand across from that of a small squirrel sit at a desk . the squirrel 's silhouette say in a gravelly voice : squirrel you be fire . fox slash I quit . here 's my letter of resignation . Fox 's silhouette throw a envelope onto the squirrel 's desk . montage : two muskrat in orange move company uniform unload box and furniture from a wagon and carry they into the tree . Fox hold open the front door and bark order at they . two muskrat in white painter 's uniform paint the wall of the live room and the trim around the window with roller and brushes . Fox stand on the drop-cloth and bark order at they . 14 . two muskrat in blue electrician 's uniform work in the kitchen . Mrs. Fox watch over they shoulder and bark order at they . Fox hold up a pair of flower curtain in front of a window . he look to Mrs. Fox . she stare at the curtain thoughtfully . she raise a eyebrow . Fox and Mrs. Fox sit in the windowsill look out at the sunset . ash stand in - between they . the flower curtain wave in the breeze . Fox puff on a pipe . ash blow a soap bubble . Mrs. Fox put out she paw and a butterfly land on it . she smile at Fox . he put he arm around she . he raise a pair of binocular to he eye . insert : a binocular shot of a industrial shack with boggis Chicken House # 1 stencill on the front of it . Fox lower the binocular . his eye sparkle . ext . tree . day ash stand poise on a high branch over a inflatable swim pool print with a red-tartan plaid pattern . he wear over - size swim trunk with a pattern of acorn print on they . Fox sit in the grass eat a apple below with Mrs. Fox . she be painting at a easel . ash yell : ash watch this , dad ! Fox look up . ash leap into the air and do a spectacularly awkward back - flip during which he appear to have four arm and three leg randomly attach to he body , flail wildly . he hit the water by the side of he head and smack into the surface back - first with a pain yelp . Fox grimace . he clap mildly . ( note : a alternate version of ash with four arm and three leg randomly attach to he body will be use for this stunt . ) fox good jump , ash ! remember to keep you tail tuck ! Fox look at Mrs. Fox 's canvas . it be a picture of the pond and landscape in severe weather with black cloud and lightning bolt . it be sign felicity Fox . Fox raise a eyebrow . 15 . fox still painting thunderstorm , I see . Fox see a small , samsonite suitcase on the ground next to a pair of yellow sneaker . he frown . fox whose suitcase be that ? a boy 's voice shout from the high tree branch : kristofferson hello , everyone ! good afternoon ! Fox , Mrs. Fox , and ash look up , surprised . a second Fox cub stand poise on the edge of the limb . he be taller , leaner , sleeker , and it be immediately apparent even by he posture infinitely more graceful than ash . he be kristofferson . he wear a professional speedo with a patch on it that say swim team . Fox brighten . fox kristofferson ! welcome to we little tree ! I see you bring you swim trunk ! kristofferson step off the branch and perform a reserve but perfect jack -knife . he enter the water splashlessly . Fox leap to he foot , applaud with he paw above he head , whistling and holler : fox look at that ! this kid 's a natural ! I be speechless , kristofferson ! kristofferson smile modestly and shrug . ash stare at he stonily . Fox turn to Mrs. Fox . fox plus , he know karate . int . live room . evening Fox sit in he armchair read the gazette . ash sit on a braid rug on the floor beside he read a comic book call the adventure of White cape . on the cover , there be a picture of a ferret leaping off a motorcycle . Mrs. Fox be in the kitchen in the background flatten a hunk of dough with a roll pin . kristofferson be in the next room practice tae-kwon-do . he wear khaki short , yellow sneaker , and a blue , short - sleeve , button-down shirt . 16 . ash do you think I be a athlete ? fox ( without look up ) what be you talk about ? ash well , you know , I think I be a athlete , and sometimes I feel like you guy do not see I that way . fox what 's the sub-text here ? ash think for a minute . he look at kristofferson in the next room . kristofferson be now sit indian - style on the floor meditate . his paw be turn upward with he thumb touch he index finger form a ring . ash say loudly to Mrs. Fox in the kitchen : ash how long be kristofferson suppose to stay with we ? mrs . fox until you uncle get better . ash right , but roughly how long do we plan to give he on that ? double-pneumonia be not even really that big of a deal , be it ? in the background , kristofferson stand up again and start practice violent karate kick . Mrs. Fox lean into the doorway and whisper forcefully : mrs . fox as a matter of fact , it be . he 's lucky to be alive . now -- ash right , but -- kristofferson yell suddenly as he do a spin double - kick with a chop : kristofferson ki-ya ! everyone look startle . kristofferson resume he tae-kwon - do practice with a angry , wounded look on he face . Mrs. Fox say coldly : 17 . mrs . fox lower you voice , ash . ext . tree . night Fox and kylie sit in a porch swing on one of the middle branch of Fox 's tree . they drink cup of coffee . cricket chirp . fox kid be crazy , be not they ? you get to try it , though . raising a family . kylie yeah . sometimes I feel like maybe I might -- fox what do you think of this tree , by the way ? it 's great , huh ? kylie ( hesitate ) yeah . no , I be just say how some - time -- fox I have one last part of what I be about to say . kylie ok . go ahead . fox I be go break . you want to help I steal some chicken ? CUT to : Fox 's study , the next morning . a map of the valley with note and arrow write all over it be spread across a desk . the door be close with a towel jamme under it . a cricket match play loudly on the radio . Fox sit in he armchair . kylie sit in a creaky rock chair . fox I use to do this professionally , and I be very successful at it . I have to get out of it for personal reason , but I have decide to secretly quit my job slash get fire to pursue it again . I be bring you in as my secretary and personal assistant . 18 . kylie ok ! fox ( prickly ) this be actually kind of a big deal , so do not just say , " ok ! " kylie ok . well , thank you . fox ( clear be throat ) I be go totape this formyrecord , so do not make a lot of sound -- meaning stop rock . kylie ( defensively ) well , maybe we ought to turn off the radio , then . that 's noisier than -- fox I do not want people to eavesdrop on we , kylie . let I just tell this . kylie stop rock . Fox press record on a tape recorder . he begins : fox master plan . phase one . side A. CUT to : that night . Fox stand on a rock at the edge of the wood look through he binocular . he lower they and give a hand-signal . kylie join he , and they start out along the moonlit ridge . Fox wear a dark car-coat and a black cap . kylie have on a navy ski-hat . fox ( v.0 . ) we will start with boggis ' Chicken House # 1 . his only security be a few old hunt beagle and a low stone wall . now a word about beagle : never look a beagle directly in the eye . and if -- kylie ( v.0 . ) ( interrupting ) why not ? CUT to : 19 . Fox and kylie in Fox 's study earlier that afternoon . kylie say blithely : kylie beagles be not so tough . fox ( annoyed ) yeah ? well , first of all , one of this beagle have chronic raby , which he 's on medication for , and if you get bit by he you have to get shot in you stomach for six month . and , second -- listen , I be not go to justify this to you . just pay attention and stop interrupt I . I be taping this . ext . ravine . night Fox and kylie shimmy down a steep embankment and cross a stream . fox ( v.0 . ) I pick some blueberry , butterfly they with a scalpel , and lace each one with ten milligram of high - potency sleep powder . insert : Fox 's paw meticulously sprinkle a powder mickey into a dissect blueberry and stitch it shut with red thread . fox ( v.0 . ) enough to tranquilize a charge gorilla . CUT to : Fox and kylie in Fox 's study earlier that afternoon . they now smoke pipe . kylie how do we make they eat it ? fox ( smile , with utter certainty ) beagles love blueberry . ext . ridge . night Fox and kylie push through a bramble and climb to the top of a elderberry bush . Fox look through he binocular . 20 . fox ( v.o. ) if we approach with the wind in we face , we will smell the chicken liver on boggis ' breath from at least fifty yard away . ext . barnyard . day seventy - five chicken stand around quietly but anxiously , darting wildly nervous look at one another . they eat bit of grain off the ground . fox ( v.o. ) remember : they be not very smart , but they be incredibly paranoid -- so always kill a chicken in one bite . CUT to : Fox and kylie in Fox 's study earlier that afternoon . they now drink whiskey sour . Fox repeat : fox one bite , get it ? Fox wait for kylie to respond . kylie do not . Fox frown . fox be you listen to I ? I look into you eye and I can not tell whether you be get anything I be say . kylie stare at Fox vacantly . he shrug . ( note : a alternate set of eyeball will be use for any shot indicate kylie 's vacant look . ) ext . meadow . night Fox and kylie move swiftly through the tall grass . Fox pause to sniff the air . he nod . fox a few beagle , as we discuss , but we be ready for that . Fox and kylie cross a dirt lane and come out of a shallow ditch . Fox lick the pinky of he paw and hold it up in the air . fox you feel that ? the wind 's in we face . 21 . kylie touch he face with he paw . he nod . Fox and kylie run along the edge of the ditch . kylie say casually : kylie yeah , back in the old day , do not they use to do a thing where if somebody see a wolf , and -- fox ( startled ) what wolf ? Fox stop in he track . his eye dart about . kylie look at he curiously . fox oh , nothing ? never mind . Fox and kylie veer off into short grasses . Fox point ahead , regain he composure : fox here come the low stone wall . not a problem . Fox and kylie climb over a low stone wall and find themselves at the base of a chain - link fence eleven foot high . fox this be a chain - link fence , I guess . do I not remember this ? maybe it 's new . let 's pause . ( suddenly angry ) what the cuss ? where would this giant fence come from ? we have a master plan ! kylie motion to a yellow , plywood lightning bolt post to the fence . kylie what 's this lightning bolt stand for ? fox give I a second ! I say , " let 's pause " ! pause . Fox pull himself together . he turn to look at the plywood lightning bolt . fox that , I guess , hypothetically , could mean maybe this fence might be electric . 22 . kylie well , I just hope it do not mean thunder . I have a phobia of that . Fox and kylie climb a tree and crouch at the end of one of its branch . Fox produce a zip - loc bag fill with blueberry with white thread stitched into they . fox watch this . Fox put a blueberry into the end of a straw and shoot it out into the barnyard . CUT to : the blueberry landing on the ground in front of Chicken House # 1 . a beagle approach it and sniff at it . he eat it . he look very pleased . he fall over , out cold . CUT to : Fox with a ecstatic expression on he face . he rapidly shoot more and more blueberry across the barnyard . beagles eat blueberry and fall over , one after another . Fox and kylie drop down into the barnyard and head for Chicken House # 1 . Fox whisper excitedly as they run : fox beagles love blueberry ! do not I tell you ? the master plan 's work again ! kylie raise he fist enthusiastically and trip over a unconscious beagle . he pick himself up quickly , and they weave among the rest of the beagle . they reach the entrance to the chicken house , open the door , and duck inside . pause . there be a eruption of craze squawk , scream , and fight from inside . the chicken house rumble . light jolt on across the compound . a alarm go off . voice yell . the chicken house door swing open again , and Fox and kylie emerge among a cloud of feather . Fox carry two dead chicken , and kylie have one live one . Fox yell : fox I say one bite , cuss it ! kylie I be try ! I have a different kind of tooth from you ! I be a opossum ! 23 . kylie try to bite the chicken on the neck . the chicken be unharme . kylie shrug . Fox kill the chicken with one quick flick of the jaw . kylie look horrify . kylie that 's so grisly ! there 's blood and everything ! fox ( defensively ) we be kill chicken ! there 's go to be blood in this story ! follow I ! Fox and kylie dash to the electric fence . they stop in front of it . kylie look to Fox . kylie what 's the master escape plan ? Fox hesitates , confuse . a gunshot fire from among the chicken house . Fox shout to kylie : fox follow I again ! Fox and kylie run back across the barnyard , past the beagle as they begin to wake up and stagger around . farmhand appear , load shotgun and run into the confusion . Fox and kylie race by , unnotice , among they . they dart into the house through a flap in the back door . the light be out in the kitchen . they take a moment , breathe hard in the darkness . kylie shake he head in disbelief . kylie wow . that be amazing . how do we do that ? we run the other way or something . fox yeah . kylie what happen now ? fox I have no idea . Fox open the door- flap a crack . he look out and see boggis open the front gate to let out he beagle and farmhand , bark and shoot , as they search for the intruder . Fox shout to kylie : 24 . fox Holy cuss ! they open the gate ! follow I again ! lightn quick , Fox and kylie burst out through the door - flap , race across the barnyard , and dart through the open gate . up the road , boggis scream furiously as he run with he pack of beagle and farmhand . Fox and kylie fly into the bush . as they race through the underbrush Fox say breathlessly : fox let 's hit the five and dime on the way home ! we need to make some fake price tag and wrap this chicken in wax - paper so it look like we get they at the butcher shop ! Fox and kylie howl ecstatically . montage : a fox 's paw lift a silver dome off a perfectly roast chicken with a apple in its mouth . Fox and Mrs. Fox sit at a candle - light table eat chicken and drink wine . ash , kristofferson , and kylie sit at a slightly miniature table eat chicken and drink milk . Fox laugh hysterically as he tell he wife a story . wine come out of he nose . Fox and kylie dash out the door of boggis ' Chicken House # 7 carry three more dead chicken . light jolt on . farmhand run out fire shotgun . Fox and kylie escape through a hole cut into the electric fence . Fox and kylie dash out the window of bunce 's poultry barn C carry two dead duck and a goose . alarm ring . farmhand run out fire pistol . Fox and kylie escape through a hole knock into a brick wall . Fox and kylie dash out the gate of bean 's Apple orchard xii carry two dead turkey and a basket of apple . Automatic door close . farmhand run out fire rifle . Fox and kylie escape through a hole chop into a burn barricade . Fox and kylie run full - speed through a clover field in the dark . the camera zoom in slowly on they face as they ford a stream , leap a fall hawthorn , and cross into the willow glade . they look exhilated . 25 . int . kitchen . evening Mrs. Fox study a crayon price - tag label $ 4 attach to a wax - paper - wrap parcel . she open the parcel and hold up a dead chicken by the leg . there be a small metal clip around its ankle . she examine it . she frown . Fox come in , grab a apple out of a bowl , and start back out of the room . mrs . fox where would you get this chicken ? fox ( shrug ) I pick it up at the five-and - dime last night on my way back from -- mrs . fox it 's get a boggis Farms tag around its ankle . fox ( hesitate ) huh . must have escape from there before I buy it . int . dine room . evening ash , kristofferson , and kylie sit at the child 's table eat dinner . next to ash , there be a small , slightly beat - up statue of a fox with he front leg raise in the air hold a medal above he head . kylie point at it . kylie what 's that ? ash this ? nothing . just some old trophy I win for be a athlete . Fox and Mrs. Fox sit at the adult ' table . Fox guzzle down a last sip of wine and say with he mouth full of food : fox I be suppose to cover this book party at some animal 's nest in a tobacco field down the hill , so I and kylie be go to hop over there and give it a whirl . do not wait up . Fox pull he napkin out of he collar , drop it on the table , and stand up . Mrs. Fox ask cooly : 26 . mrs . fox what 's the book ? fox ( hesitate ) some memoir . I will get he to sign you a copy . Fox kiss Mrs. Fox on the cheek . she look at he suspiciously . fox dinner be -- ( do a little gesture ) -- pitch -perfect . ext . wood . night Fox and kylie walk among the tree . they be dress in they prowling outfit . fox I spot a couple of break burglar bar underneath the back door to bean 's secret cider cellar . kylie we be break into bean 's house ? fox ( hesitate ) cellar . kylie where he life ? fox ( hesitate ) where he keep the cider . ash ( brightly ) below where he life . ash , dress in he own prowling outfit , be walk with Fox and kylie . Fox stop short : fox where would you come from ? go back to the tree and do you homework ! ash I want to help you steal some cider . 27 . fox ( angrily ) we be go to a book party ! and keep you mouth shut about any cider , because no one ever say that ! get out of here ! ash but dad -- fox but nothing ! you be go to get I in a lot of trouble ! the three animal stand in silence for a minute . Fox point to he tree . ash turn and start back home . Fox shake he head . fox where the cuss do that kid get off ? can you believe that ? how would he get tip off ? you think he 's go to tell on we ? Fox turn to kylie . kylie look back at he vacantly . fox before we go any further , from now on can you give I some kind of signal once in a while just so I know any of this be get through to you ? pause . kylie make a slight motion with he paw . Fox hesitates . fox be that it ? ok . ext . barnyard . night Fox and kylie dart across the yard and around the back of bean 's farmhouse . kylie whisper as they run : kylie one time this wolf -- fox ( irritate ) what 's with all the wolf talk ? can we give it a rest , for once ? Fox climb onto a garbage pail and pull open a window shutter . he and kylie shimmy in - between two bent burglar bar . 28 . int . bean' secret cider cellar . night a vast , damp , gloomy cellar with hundred of glass jar stack from floor to ceiling . each jar be mark cider . Fox and kylie come inside and quietly drop to the brick floor . kylie whisper : kylie look at all this apple juice . fox ( sternly ) Apple juice ? Apple juice ? we do not come here for apple juice . this be some of the strongest , finest alcoholic cider money can buy -- or that can even be steal . it burn in you throat , boil in you stomach , and taste almost exactly like pure , melt gold . ( suddenly ) let 's crack open one this ' shine jar and do a shooter . a match strike in the darkness . Fox and kylie look around the room frantically . on the high shelf , peer out from behind a huge jar , they see a enormous rat in a stripe shirt with a light match in he claw . he put the flame in he mouth to snuff it out and hold the matchstick in he tooth . he be longer than a fox and wiry , but with a small pot-belly . he wear a black beret and move like a beatnik . he take a draw from a small rubber tube insert in the neck of he cider jar . he say with a slightly sinister New orlean accent : rat y'all be trespassin ' , now . illegally . ' round this part , we do not take kindly to cider poacher . Fox and Rat stare at each other . Fox say , finally : fox you have age badly , Rat . rat you be gettin ' a little long in the tooth , yourself , partner . Rat spin around and hurl himself scuttling over a shelf , down the wall , and through the air onto the brick floor at Fox 's foot . he flick open a switchblade and brandish it . he hiss . 29 . kylie shriek and dart into a hole where a brick be miss in the wall . Fox take a old - fashioned box stance . rat how 's you old lady doin ' ? kylie peer out from he hole in the wall nervously . Fox and Rat circle each other slowly . fox do you refer to my wife ? rat she be the town tart , in she day . Wild and foot - loose and pretty as a mink steal . she be a creme brulee -- until you make a honest woman out of she , Mr. Fox . kylie say , intrigue , from he hole : kylie be that true ? fox ( annoyed ) of course , not . I mean , certainly , she live . we all do . it be a different time . let 's not use a double-standard . she march against the -- kylie but town tart ? fox shut up . Rat lunge at Fox with he switchblade . Fox dodge nimbly . he cock a eyebrow and smile : fox that be close , Rat . be careful . rat oh , I be as careful as a -- a door at the top of the stair open suddenly with a loud creak . Rat and Fox look terrify . they both dart away and hide behind cider jar . a heavy - set , middle - age housekeeper carry a roll pin come down the stair and walk straight over to the shelf where Fox be hide . 30 . housekeeper how many jar should I bring up , mar 'am ? a strong , almost masculine woman 's voice answer from upstair : masculine voice I do not know . two , I guess . the housekeeper grab the two jar directly next to the one Fox be hide behind and tuck they under she arm . Fox tense he body . he shiver slightly . a graze of the red fur of he arm stick out barely from behind he jar . the housekeeper hesitates . housekeeper he drank three yesterday , mar 'am . masculine voice all right , take three . the housekeeper grab Fox 's jar . Fox close he eye . masculine voice no , do not . the housekeeper stop with she hand on the neck of Fox 's jar . masculine voice Three 's too many . it 's unhealthy . he 's anorexic . bring two . the housekeeper let go of Fox 's jar . Fox relax slightly . the housekeeper grab Fox 's jar again . Fox tense up . housekeeper but maybe , just in case -- masculine voice two 's plenty . the housekeeper let go of Fox 's jar and walk away . she go back up the stair and close the door . kylie say in the darkness : kylie oh , my cuss . that be like a scene out of a -- the door open again . a exceptionally tall , powerfully build woman in a black dress and wellington , with grey hair pull - back in a bun , bright green eye , and a meat cleaver tuck under she apron string come swiftly down the stair . she 31 . eyeball the corner of the room . she be Mrs. bean . she say thickly ( in she masculine voice ) : mrs . bean to whom it may concern : if I catch a rat in a black beret drink Mr. bean 's secret cider without he express permission , I intend to chop say rat 's head off , brine it , pickle it , and bake it in a vermin casserole . I hope this clarifies my position on the matter . sincerely , Evelyn bean . Mrs. bean turn and go back up the stair . she close the door . pause . Rat 's voice say from the shadow : rat dear Mrs. bean , you language , while somewhat purple , be nevertheless impossible to misinterpret . however -- comma -- give the proximity of say rat at the moment of you -- the door at the top the stair open again . silence . CUT to : Fox and kylie run away from bean 's farmhouse with two jar of cider . they both look badly shake . a gunshot ring out take we to : ext . bean farm . night bean be stand darkly in he front doorway . smoke drift from the end of he luger , point at the ceiling . a break light bulb hang from a wire above he head . boggis and bunce sit together on the porch in rock chair , startle , stare at bean . bean I be go to give a speech , and at the end of it -- I be go to throw a twist into this plot . bean light a cigarette and begin to walk slowly around the porch . bean first truth : this be the most ambitious fox we have ever encounter , bar none . bean spin around and shoot out a second light bulb . boggis and bunce look uneasy . bean continue : 32 . bean second truth : the meaning of ambition be define in the dictionary . bean jump and roll and shoot out a third light bulb . bean third truth : the weakness of the ambitious man be he Achilles heel -- bean quickly shoot out three more light bulb behind he back , over he shoulder , and between he leg . the porch go dark . he flick on a flashlight and point it in he two colleague 's face . they look scared . bean say urgently : bean -- but I have already figure out where this fox life , and tomorrow night we be go to camp in the bush , wait for he to come out of the hole in he tree , and shoot the cuss to smithereen . how 's that grab you , fella ? boggis and bunce hesitate . they nod and murmur they approval . int . fox's tree . night Fox and kylie come quietly into the half - light kitchen dress in they prowling outfit . they walk to the door . mrs . fox another book party ? Fox and kylie turn around , startle . Mrs. Fox sit on a stool in the darken pantry . fox woah ! I do not see you . sitting in the dark over there . yeah , no . actually , there 's a fire . I just get the call . they say maybe it 's arson ? I get to interview the marshall and see what 's -- mrs . fox kylie , be he tell the truth ? kylie ( freaking out ) I do not want to be put in the middle of this . 33. fox ( pause ) thanks , kylie . mrs . fox if what I think be happen be happening -- ( ominously ) -- it better not be . CUT to : boggis , bunce , and bean wait crouch in the bush . bean lick he finger and hold it up to test the direction of the wind . he nod , point to he nose , and give a thumb - up to boggis and bunce . ext . fox's tree . night Fox poke he head up out of he hole . he sniff once . he move a inch forward and stop . he sniff again . he wait a moment and listen . he step out of the hole and say stonily : fox Nice job cover for I . next time try -- a twig snap . Fox freeze . CUT to : boggis , bunce , and bean freeze in the bush . CUT to : the branch of the tree as the wind suddenly change its direction . CUT to : Fox on high alert . he rapidly sniff the air three time in a row . he turn to a confuse kylie and say , panic : fox all three ! Fox and kylie spin around and dart back into the hole as boggis , bunce , and bean open fire wildly from the bush . a barrage of bullet and buckshot rip into the tree-bark . silence . 34 . smoke from the three gun float upward in the night air . boggis , bunce , and bean approach the tree . bean shine he flashlight on Fox 's hole . in the circle of light on the ground lie the tatter , blood - stain remain of Fox 's tail . bean pick it up and hold it in the air in front of boggis and bunce . bean we get the tail , but we miss the fox . pause . bean take out he walkie-talkie . bean petey ? you and the boy sober up and get out here on the a.s.a.p . bring eleven shovel , three pick -ax , 500 round of ammunition , and a bottle of apple cider . int . fox's tree . night Mrs. Fox lick the stump of Fox 's tail and mend it with gauze and medical tape . she look furious . kylie and the Fox cub watch , concerned . ash say uncertainly : ash it will grow back , will not it ? kylie ( shaking he head ) tail do not grow back , except for lizard . fox ( miserably ) tail do not grow back . I be go to be tail - less for the rest of my life . ash ( nervously ) well , anyway , it 's not half as bad as double- pneumonia , right ? ( point to kristofferson ) his dad 's get one foot in the grave and one foot on a banana peel . that 's a lot worse than -- kristofferson hurl a acorn violently onto the floor . it ricochet off a wall and into a teacup . everyone fall silent . kristofferson turn away . 35 . kristofferson Excuse I , everyone . I be go to go meditate for half a hour . kristofferson walk out of the room . Mrs. Fox look at ash and say angrily : mrs . fox you have get twenty - nine minute to come up with a proper apology . ash cross he arm in front of he chest and stare straight ahead into space grimly . Fox say suddenly : fox what 's with the crazy outfit ? why a cape and the pants tuck into you sock ? ash do not respond . Fox sigh . Mrs. Fox finish bandage he tail . Fox go over to the wall and stand with he back to the room . fox I get fire slash quit the gazette and start steal chicken on the sly . mrs . fox ( icily ) that tail be the first thing I ever notice about you . it be easily the most attractive tail for at least 50 mile in every direction . it be probably you single best quality -- and now it 's go forever . CUT to : Fox lie in bed stare at the ceiling in the dark next to Mrs. Fox . fox why the cuss do not I listen my lawyer ? at this point we will be lucky if we can flip this tree for half of what we have already sink into it . Fox flip over onto he stomach . fox I will not be able to sleep on my back for six week -- and on my stomach I feel congest . why the cuss do not I listen to my lawyer ? 36 . mrs . fox ( bitterly ) because you do not listen to anybody . fox ( sit up suddenly ) what be that ? mrs . fox ( pause ) what ? I say -- there be a quiet scraping sound from above . Fox jump out of bed . he holler : fox wake up ! everybody ! they be digging we out ! there be a scrunch and then a loud thump from above . Mrs. Fox look at Fox intensely : mrs . fox they will kill the child ! fox ( steely ) over my dead body , they will . mrs . fox ( angrily ) that 's what I be say ! you would be dead , too , in that scenario ! fox ( angrily ) well , I be argue against that ! mrs . fox ( scream ) what be you talk about ? fox ( scream ) why be you yell at I ? kylie ( agonized ) stop ! stop ! stop ! Fox and Mrs. Fox turn quickly to kylie stand in the doorway with a red blanket wrap around he shoulder . ash 37 . and kristofferson stand behind he . they look terrify . kylie shout in a pain voice : kylie you say one thing , she say another , and it all change back again ! the point of a shovel pierce the ceiling . everyone look up and stare in shock . Fox suddenly leap across the room with a wild energy , scramble halfway up a wall , and throw over two chair . fox I have get it ! there 's not a moment to lose ! why do not I think of this before ? mrs . fox think of what ? fox think of the one thing a fox do quick than a man , quick than any other animal in the world ! ( at the top of he lung ) dig !!! CUT to : everyone digging furiously . dirt fly everywhere . the shot boom down into the ground , among the root of the tree , through bury pebble , layer of soil , and subterranean mineral deposit . title : 1 hour later the shot stop at the bottom of a dark hole deep , deep underground . Mrs. Fox lie on the floor , breathe heavily , with a light lantern at she side . the cub be sprawle out around she . kylie lean in the corner with he shirt off tie around he waist . Fox stand up and clear he throat . everyone look at he . fox I think it 's time for I to give we a pep talk and explain some thing . ( commence a speech ) a very long time ago -- mrs . fox May I have a word with you privately ? 38 . fox ( hesitate ) well , we be in a hole . where -- mrs . fox just on the other side of this mineral deposit . follow I . Fox reluctantly follow Mrs. Fox through a crack in the bedrock and into a small air- pocket with glitter quartz wall . she wheel on Fox : mrs . fox I be go to lose my temper now . fox ( pause ) when ? mrs . fox right now . fox ( pause ) well , when -- Mrs. Fox scratch Fox across the face , slice a quick sliver into he fur . Fox cringe away with he paw up protectively . he lower he paw . his eye fill with tear . ( note : the scar in Fox 's fur never grow back . ) Mrs. Fox take a deep breath . she say : mrs . fox twelve fox - year ago , you make a promise to I while we be cage inside that fox - trap that , if we survive , you would never steal another chicken , goose , turkey , duck , or squab , whatever they be . I believe you . why do you lie to I ? fox ( simply ) because I be a wild animal . mrs . fox you be also a husband and a father . 39 . fox ( pained ) I be try to tell you the truth about myself . mrs . fox I do not care about the truth about yourself . Fox look down at the ground . he nod and try to contain he emotion . Mrs. Fox watch he coldly . mrs . fox this story be too predictable . fox ( surprised ) predictable ? really ? what happen in the end ? mrs . fox ( quietly ) in the end , we all die -- unless you change . Mrs. Fox walk out of the air-pocket . Fox stand alone in silence . ext . fox's tree . day the next morning . there be a large hole in the side of the hill , under Fox 's tree . the ceiling to the live room have be completely remove . boggis , bunce , and bean stand half - underground with they head stick out of the hole , breathe hard , with dirty shovel over they shoulder . bunce stand on Fox 's tiny club chair . bunce this fox dig like a bunch of hyperactive gopher . boggis Franklin ? you get another twist for this plot ? bean say that again ? boggis I say you get another -- bean whip out he walkie-talkie and twirl it like a six - shooter . he press a button on it and say : 40 . bean petey ? get I the current contact info for Earl malloy on the a.s.a.p . bunce ( intrigued ) who 's Earl malloy ? bean ( innocently ) what ? you mean over at malloy consolidate ? oh , he do rental . boggis ( pause ) what do he rent ? CUT to : Three yellow and black , murderous , brutal bulldozer digging - tractor with malloy consolidate paint on the side of they . they make a terrible , high - pitch growl noise and spit black grease and smoke . boggis , bunce , and bean stand among the tractor nodd giddily to each other . they scramble into the driver ' seat and begin rip into the hillside . bunce sit on a dictionary to see over the dashboard . CUT to : Fox , Mrs. Fox , kylie , ash , and kristofferson digging frantically . CUT to : the tractor grab huge chunks of earth and toss they into the meadow . boggis , bunce , and bean , drunk with digging , laugh manically as the control of they tractor . bean let 's kick some fox cuss ! bunce I be cussing loving this ! boggis who 's hyper-cussing - active now ? bean throw he tractor into top gear . the tooth of the giant shovel clank against each other , rip through the tree 's root . 41 . insert : a temperature gauge with its needle push the limit of the red . CUT to : a grizzle , white - haire man in a greasy yellow and black jumpsuit and coke- bottle protective eyeglass . a patch on he pocket say E. malloy . he watch the farmer digging crazily with the tractor . spark from the mayhem reflect dance on he lense . earl malloy this machine be not make to be handle like this . dissolve to : the hill with half its earth dig out from under the tree . the tree still stand precariously above the wild tractor . dissolve to : the hill now raze with the fall , old beech tree lay on its side as the tractor dig deeper . dissolve to : the tractor almost completely below ground in a deep crater . a crowd of neighbor and local press from the town have gather and watch as the tractor stop digging and rumble up out of the crater . the motor go quiet . boggis , bunce , and bean climb down from they tractor . they look angry and tired . they stand among the worker and onlooker . a television reporter with a action 13 camera crew confront bean : reporter Farmer , correct I if I be misread the data , you have successfully destroy the scenery , but the alleged fox remain at large . what will you three prominent farmer do now ? bean well , Dan , I can tell you what we be not go to do . we be not go to let he go . 42 . reporter be you concerned about the possibility of -- bean I have no further dialogue in this scene . bean turn away from the reporter and pull boggis and bunce aside . he address they with calm intensity : bean I be not go home until we smoke this son-of - a- cuss out he hole , string he up on a clothesline , and fly he like a kite . boggis , how many man have you get work on you farm ? boggis thirty -five . bean bunce ? bunce thirty -six . bean and I have get thirty - seven . that 's 108 man altogether . now what do I get here ? two quitter -- or be you stay with ? CUT to : that night . a helicopter with a bean , inc. decal on the side of it circle the crater scan the dark terrain with a searchlight . there be tent , truck , and 108 man gather around the perimeter . they sit on brick and log and be armed with bat , pistol , rifle , shotgun , bow and arrow , and hatchet . int . hole . night Fox , he family , and kylie lie exhaust on the floor of they deep hole . the wall be cover with knotted root and vine . Fox say to kylie : fox one of that slovenly farmer be probably wear my tail as a necktie by now . 43. kylie you be paranoid , foxy . CUT to : Mrs. bean sit in she kitchen watch television next to a extremely skinny , freckle twelve year - old boy . the boy point at the screen and laugh to himself : freckle boy look at dad 's tie . insert : the television set . bean be on -screen with the action 13 reporter . he wear a fox - fur necktie . ext . camp . night there be a full moon . lantern glow in the farmer ' tent . a group of farmhand sit around a campfire next to the crater . one of they cook a chicken on a spit . another sit on a log play a banjo . he be petey . he sing : petey ' Bout a handsome little fox let I sing you folk a yarn . hey , diddle - dee , doddle - do , doodle - dum ! ' twas a splendid little feller full of wit ' n ' grace ' n ' charm . say , zippy -zee , yappy - yo , google - gum ! the shot move past the leathery face of the other farmhand as they listen : amused , move , hungry , tired , charme , annoyed , whistling , play a jew 's harp , try to sing along but not really know the word , etc . petey like any little critter needin' vittel for he littl'an , well , he steal , and he cheat , and he lie to survive . doodle -dum , diddle - die , doddle - diddle - doodle - dee ! Zippy - zo , zippy -zay , zippy - zappy - zoopy -zee ! ( this verse be speak : ) let I take a little tick now to color in the scene : ' Cross the valley live three yokel name of boggis , bunce , and bean . ( more ) 44 . petey ( cont 'd ) ( back to sing : ) now this three crazy jacky have we hero on the run . shot the tail off the cuss with a fox - shootin ' gun . but that stylish little fox be as clever as a whip . dug as quick as a gopher who be a hyper- ack - a- tive . now that three farmer sit ' twhere there 's a hole ' twas once a hill . hey , diddle - dee , doddle - do , doodle - dum ! and as far as I can reckon they be a-settin ' up there still . ( slowly ) Way , zippy -zee , yappy - yo , google -- bean ( interrupting ) what be you sing , petey ? petey stop short . everyone turn quickly and see bean stand over they in the darkness with he luger in one hand and a cigarette in the other . petey look nervous . petey I do not know . I be just kind of make it up as I be go along ... petey trail off . bean shake he head . he look highly irritate . bean that 's just weak song -write ! you write a bad song , petey ! bean throw he cigarette into the campfire . he storm away . petey turn to the other farmhand . everyone look uncomfortable . title : 3 day later ( 18 Fox - day ) CUT to : Morning in the farmer ' camp . the cook flip a egg on a skillet . he put it on a plate with bacon and hand it to petey . petey ask he : 45 . petey how long can a fox go without food or water ? CUT to : the exhaust fox and kylie underground . kylie say quietly : kylie well , I can only answer as a opossum , but I do not think I can last more than another couple of hour before I get completely dehydrated and starve to death . ash what 's that ? ash point . everyone look . a tiny hole appear in the wall at the end of the tunnel . dirt crumble out of it -- and a bit of metal catch a glint . Fox and he family watch , freeze . a breath of air blow into the tunnel . the flame on Mrs. Fox 's lantern flicker once and go out . ash start : ash dad ? fox ( whisper sharply ) not a sound ! silence . there be a sudden , loud scrabbling noise . a match strike . Fox touch it to Mrs. Fox 's lantern - wick . the tiny hole in the wall have become a large one . badger stand in front of Fox with he law partner beaver , beaver 's overgrown , hulk son , a medium -size mole , and a grey field mouse with a bandana tie in a " do -rag " style around he head . badger have a spoon in he hand . Fox and badger erupt at each other , scream simultaneously : fox you scared the cuss out of we ! badger I tell you not to buy at nine and a cussing half ! 46 . fox you do not just bang into somebody 's cussing tunnel ! badger be you cussing yell at I ! fox you be cussing right I be cussing yell ! badger we be all cussing starve to death because of you , you mangy , cussing , little cuss ! Fox and badger snarl and scratch at each other , circle around the hole . they calm down slightly . badger continue : badger we have be digging in circle for three day . half the wood have be obliterate . nobody can get out . right now my wife 's huddle at the bottom of the flint-mine with Mrs. mole , Mrs. beaver , rabbit 's ex - girlfriend , no food , no water , and twenty - seven hungry , whining , starve , little animal brat . this be a total cluster - cuss for everybody ! Fox look around the room at the entire gaunt , dirty , emaciate assembly . everyone stare at he angrily . he swallow . the mole say softly .: mole I just want to see a little -- ( suddenly crying ) -- sunshine . fox ( puzzle ) but you be nocturnal , phil . you eye barely even open , on a good day . mole ( enraged ) I be sick of you double - talk . we have rights ! beaver 's son loom over ash and kristofferson in a muddy alcove on the side of the tunnel . he poke ash in the chest with the finger of he paw . 47 . beaver' son we do not like you , and we hate you dad . you be too snazzy . you dress like a girl . you be creative . now grab some of that mud , chew it in you mouth , and swallow it . ash ( scared and disgust ) I be not go to eat mud ! beaver be son cuss , yeah , you be . beaver 's son grab a handful of mud , smashes it into ash 's mouth , and force he jaw up and down in a chew motion . ash cough and splutter . kristofferson frown . he take off he shoe with he foot . he say with a quiet ferocity : kristofferson do not do that . beaver 's son look to kristofferson . he look down at kristofferson 's foot . beaver' son why would you take you shoe off ? kristofferson so I do not break you nose when I kick it . kristofferson kick beaver 's son in the face , karate chop he neck , elbow - jab he twice in the gut , and flip the enormous youth over he shoulder and into the mud . beaver 's son get up , cry , and walk out of the alcove . ash watch blankly with mud all over he mouth as kristofferson put he shoe back on . ash I can fight my own fight . badger and Fox stand face each other at the end of the tunnel . badger say aggressively : badger that farmer be not go to quit until they have get you and every member of you family nail upside - down to a bloody stick with you eye gorge out . 48 . fox ( freaked out ) this be get a little too personal . badger wait for Fox to continue . Fox stare into space . fox give I a minute . Fox turn and walk away . he face the wall of the tunnel . he sit down on a rock . everyone watch he uncertainly . they look at each other . badger start to say something , but kylie cut he off sharply : kylie ( sharply ) shh ! badger fall silent . Fox sit with he chin on he paw , lose in concentrate think . he stand up . he nod repeatedly and begin to pace . his eye dart from one spot to another . his paw move abruptly around in the air draw line and shape . he freeze and look straight up at the ceiling of the tunnel . he snap the finger of he paw and look to the other . he say with a cautious excitement : fox I have get a idea . badger ( tentatively ) what be it ? fox it could be a good one . beaver ( pointedly ) Lay it on we . fox it might save we life . kylie ( exasperated ) say the idea ! Fox look down at ash , who stand beside he with mud still on he mouth . he nod . he say suddenly : fox all right ! let 's try it ! 49 . Fox run over to Mrs. Fox : fox go to the flint-mine . tell Mrs. badger , rabbit 's ex-girlfriend , et al. that help be on the way . mrs . fox ( skeptically ) be help on the way ? Fox grip Mrs. Fox 's paw . he look into she eye and say intensely : fox I sure as cuss hope so . Mrs. Fox detect a special , familiar , inspire light in she husband 's eye at this moment . she nod . she hand ash the lantern . she straighten the neck -line of he cape , lick the mud off ash 's snout , and scramble away down badger 's tunnel . ash want to cry but do not . Fox turn to the other . fox gentlemen , this time we must dig in a very special direction . Fox feel the wall with he paw . everyone watch attentively . fox I get to kind of feel out the vibe . Fox stop . he point slightly downward and due south . he say with quiet anticipation : fox begin . everyone start digging , slowly but intently . CUT to : the digger one hundred yard later . Fox suddenly whistle and raise he fist . the digger stop digging . Fox feel the ceiling with he paw . he knock something hard . it sound hollow . he look at the other with a funny expression and raise a eyebrow . Fox carefully push up a floorboard . it creak loudly . they all duck down and wait . nothing happen . Fox push up a second floorboard . he cautiously poke he head up through 50 . the gap . he let out a shriek of excitement and whisper excitedly down to the other : fox I have do it ! I have do it , first time ! come up and see where you be , my darling ! everyone scramble up out of the tunnel . int . shed . night everyone stand in the middle of boggis ' Chicken House # 1 . the room be teeming with chicken , which stare at they nervously . there be black chicken , white chicken , brown chicken , and one that combine all three color . Fox whisper : fox I hit it slap in the middle ! do you get how incredible this be ? the other nod . they look daze and wild . Fox hold up he hand and whisper : fox do not lose you head , now . let 's do this properly . first , everyone have a drink of water . Fox lead the other over to the chicken ' drink trough . they all lap up the cool water . Fox dry he mouth . fox second -- Fox seize a black chicken violently . CUT to : ash and kristofferson run down the tunnel carry two dead , black chicken . they turn three corner and arrive at the mossy hollow . they look inside . montage : Fox and the other digger tunnel under the silo in front of bunce industry . cow eat grass in the pasture above . Fox and the other digger come out of a hole in the floor and dance a ecstatic jig in a great storeroom line to the ceiling with pluck duck and geese . smoke ham and side of bacon dangle from the rafter . 51 . Fox and the other digger tunnel under the windmill in front of bean , inc . sheep eat clover in the field above . Fox and the other digger come out of a hole in the floor and dance a ecstatic jig in a corrugate plastic and metal pen among dozen of gobble turkey . Fox and the other digger race dance ecstatically back through the complex network of tunnel carry dead turkey , geese , bacon , flour , salt , sugar , jar of cider , and a portable television set . int . flint-mine . day the flint-mine be a large but cozy space with stone wall , a dirt floor , a small kitchen , and a fireplace . there be row of cot , sleep bag , box , blanket , and suitcase for all the refugee animal . all the animal have gather together and drink cider cocktail while small rabbit , skunk , and field mouse set the table . the room be festoon with garland . a well - dress mole smoking a pipe play the piano . a bespectacle rabbit lean against it hum a tune . weasel stand in the corner talk with beaver . weasel what be I go to do ? I be go to hold he to the term of the contract . it 's not my fault they uproote it . kristofferson serve cranberry punch from a tureen in the corner . ash go over to he and hold out a mug . ash they say I owe you a apology for some of the mean thing I say about you father 's illness . his double - pneumonia or whatever they be call it now . kristofferson ladle ash a cupful . kristofferson ok . ash so there it be . I hope we can continue we relationship as cousin or family member or however you want to define it -- ( suddenly more intense ) -- but do I a favor for yourself . the next time you have a problem with something I have say , come to I as a fox ( more ) 52 . ash ( cont 'd ) and let 's deal with it right then and not let it blow up into a whole , huge thing involve parent and so on . agreed ? ash drink he punch in one long sip and hold out the empty mug for a refill . kristofferson nod slowly . he point at ash with he ladle . kristofferson I be go to teach you karate . badger sit next to the fireplace with Fox and kylie . badger I can imagine how painful , even just emotionally , that must be for you . fox ( uneasy ) well , you know , it 's not the end of the world . badger ( more animated ) oh , but , foxy , how humiliate ! have you whole tail blow clean off by a -- fox ( cooly ) can we drop it ? kristofferson start to refill ash 's mug again . ash suddenly put he paw over the brim . kristofferson hesitates . ash raise a eyebrow and say mysterriously : ash ever taste one of Mrs. bean 's famous nutmeg-ginger - apple snap ? ext . camp . day a large fire truck drive up to the destroy hill with firemen hang off the back and side . it park among the tractor and tent . the chief , in a white helmet , go over to boggis , bunce , and bean wait at the mouth of the pit . a patch on he sleeve say o.w.f.r.p.f. farmhand and firemen circle around . chief who 's get I a donation for the old wound fireman 's retirement pension Fund ? bean pull a yellow check out of he inside pocket . 53. bean right here . ( point behind he ) let I show you this hole . int . flint-mine . day candle glow all around . everyone be seat at the long dining room table , and a magnificent feast with every variety of fruit , meat , vegetable , and roast bird have be laid out in front of they . they tear into they meal , eat and drink ferociously . crumb , juice , blood , and bone fly into the air . jaw snap and chew . there be no conversation . badger suddenly stand and ring a knife against he cider glass . everyone look up , take a breather from the frenzy of eat . badger clear he throat . badger well , it take a near- catastrophe for all of you to finally take I up on my offer to have you over to the flint-mine for dinner , but I guess we have -- fox ( interrupting ) I be sorry . maybe my invitation get lose in the mail . do anybody know what this badger 's talk about ? everyone laugh . Fox sit at the opposite end of the table with a crooked smile on he face . fox but clive 's right -- ( stand up ) -- in all seriousness -- ( aside , to badger ) -- excuse I , B. Fox raise he cider glass . badger reluctantly sit back down . fox I guess we do have that three ugly , cusshole farmer to thank for one thing : remind we to be thankful and aware of each other . I be go to say it again . ( gesture expansively ) aware . badger whisper to he wife : 54 . badger foxy cuss - block my toast , man . CUT to : the hole where Fox 's tree once stand . the dead tree lie on its side . a fireman slide a thick hose deep into the tunnel . he look behind he and nod . fireman # 1 ready . the shot move backwards along the hose , past seven more firemen signal to each other with : a thumb - up , a snap , a fist in the air , a swirl of the finger , a peace symbol , a a - ok , and a hook - them horn . the shot continue past boggis , bunce , and bean help to hold the hose in position . boggis growl . bunce hiss . bean snarl . the shot arrive at a pump on the side of the fire truck . the chief point : chief let she rip . a fireman crank a huge wrench on a steel nut . a pressure gauge shoot to maximum . the fire truck and hose begin to vibrate loudly . CUT to : ash and kristofferson crouch under a drain - cover push just - open next to a refrigerator . they peer out across a bright , clean , white kitchen at a plate of perfect , golden cookie on a counter - top next to a open window with a step - ladder directly in front of it . they look at each other . they look around the quiet , empty room . ash shrug . ash and kristofferson dart out , leave the drain - cover propped - up . they race over the linoleum . they climb the step - ladder and stop at the plate . ash swoon and say rapturously : ash they be still warm . ash and kristofferson gather more cookie than they can possibly carry , eat as they collect they . crumb go everywhere . on the other side of the room , the drain - cover fall shut with a loud clank . ash and kristofferson look up , wildly startle . all at once they hear in a simultaneous cacophony : the back door burst open , a boy and two beagle shouting and bark , the pantry door slamm , Mrs. bean and she 55 . middle - age housekeeper clanging pot and pan and argue , a timer on the counter - top ringing , and a raven flutter to the windowsill and caw . ash and kristofferson panic silently . they drop the cookie and fly down the step-ladder . CUT to : Fox in mid-toast : fox I have step on some toe and alienate a few of you over the past few day -- but be it wrong for I to suggest we might have do worse than have a incredible banquet in a beautiful flint - mine surround by we favorite animal ? look at each other . here we be . wow . now I have already have too much to drink , and I be feel sentimental , but I be go to say something , anyway , which nobody want to admit , but I think be probably true : we beat them . we beat that farmer , and now we be triumphantly eat they roast chicken , they sizzling duck , they succulent turkey , they foie gras de -- ( suddenly ) where would the boy go ? ash ? kristofferson ? ( to Mrs. Fox ) what be I hearing again , baby ? what 's happen ? be I still paranoid ? there be a low , distant rumbling which rapidly build to a deafen roar . everyone wait , freeze . a single drop of water drip from the ceiling into badger 's water glass . Fox turn to badger and say : fox let 's pause again . a wild deluge smashes into the room flooding the flint-mine and tunnel with a blast current that sweep everyone and everything away chaotically . CUT to : the entire party of well - dress animal and they plate , furniture , chicken , etc . shoot down the tunnel with the rush water . Fox , helpless , hold he breath , look to the other underwater : badger shake he head in disgust ; rabbit make a fierce grimace ; mole bare he tooth ferociously ; beaver rant angrily with bubbles come out off he mouth ; and kylie stare ahead vacantly , hold he nose . 56 . Fox turn sadly to Mrs. Fox . she look terrify . int . sewer system . night the flood blast out of a wide pipe rocketing the animal into a murky , brick cavern with drainpipe on all side and three inch of black water on its floor . Fox pick himself up , daze and scared , and look around at he soak friend and they family . fox what the cuss just happen ? something with water . that be dangerous . be anyone hurt ? badger ( furious ) we be all hurt ! my entire flint-mine just get demolish ! fox let 's do a head -count ! everybody pick a buddy ! each animal turn to he neighbor and establish they buddy relationship . Fox look wildly agitate as he eye dart about , search . he shout : fox where would the boy go ? ash ? kristofferson ? ash 's voice crack on the other side of the cavern : ash I be here . everyone turn to see ash stand at the mouth of a smaller pipe . he look devastate and terrify . Fox point to he . fox ash ! who 's you buddy ? ash kristofferson , but I lose he . fox you lose he ? where be you ? ash we go for cookie . everyone turn to Fox . Fox yell desperately : 57 . fox kristofferson ! Fox sprint around the cavern , splash , digging , and ducking in and out of tunnel as the other join he frantic search . his voice sound pain as he shout : fox kristofferson ! kristofferson ! kristofferson ! CUT to : the three farmer stand next to the fire truck . bean hold a soak , half - conscious kristofferson up in the air by the tail . kristofferson be quietly cry . bean wrap this wet , little mutt in a newspaper and put he in a box with some hole punch in the top . int . sewer system . night everyone have gather together . they be all in a state of shock . Fox turn to Mrs. Fox beside he . fox you brother 's go to kill I , if he survive he double - pneumonia . beaver run into the brick cavern out of a drainpipe , shout : beaver there 's only one way out of this sewer , but the manhole cover 's close , and there 's a station - wagon park on it -- which mean we be permanently stick down here . badger ( bitterly ) you still think we beat them , foxy ? everyone turn to Fox and stare at he coldly . Fox sit down on the floor , in the water . he say quietly : fox somebody take over . I be not in charge anymore . 58 . everyone look around at each other . they do not know what to do . Mrs. Fox sit down in the water next to Fox . fox you tell I to change , but I can not -- ( realizing ) -- except , possibly , on some level , I think I just do . mrs . fox ( pause ) well , then maybe we be not all go to die . Fox look to Mrs. Fox . he stand up suddenly . he take Mrs. Fox 's hand . fox Excuse we , everyone . Fox lead Mrs. Fox over to a ledge near a cement waterfall on the far side of the brick cavern . he put he arm around she waist . fox badger 's right . this farmer be not go to quit until they catch I . I should not have lie to you face . I should not have resign slash get fire from the gazette . I should not have push this farmer so far and try to embarrass they and cuss with they head . I enjoy it , but I should not have do it -- and now there 's only one way out . maybe if I hand myself over and let they kill I , stuff I , and hang I over they mantelpiece -- mrs . fox ( icily ) you will do no such thing . fox ( quietly ) darling , maybe they will let everyone else live . Mrs. Fox stare at Fox . she say desolately : mrs . fox why would you have to get we into this , foxy ? 59 . fox I do not know , but I have a possible theory . I think I have this thing where I need everybody to think I be the great -- the quote-unquote fantastic Mr. Fox -- and if they be not completely knock - out , dazzle , and kind of intimidate by I , then I do not feel good about myself . Mrs. Fox shake she head and turn away . Fox continue : fox fox traditionally like to court danger , hunt prey , and outsmart predator -- and that 's what I be actually good at ! I think , at the end of the day , I be just -- mrs . fox ( quietly ) we be wild animal . Fox smile sadly and nod . he shrug . fox I guess we always be . I promise you : if I have all this to do over again , I would have never let you down . it be always more fun when we do it together , anyway . Mrs. Fox have tear all over she face . Fox kiss she . he whisper in she ear : fox I love you , felicity . mrs . fox I love you , too , but I should not have marry you . Mrs. Fox turn and walk away . Fox stare after she . he go over to ash . fox do I ever tell you about the time I learn we be go to have a cub ? ash in the fox -trap . fox right . we be at gun -point , and you mother -- 60 . ash -- say she 's pregnant . fox let I tell it , ok ? I have no idea how we be go to get out of this jam , and then it hit I : what do fox do better than any other animal ? ash dig. fox you be step on my line . ash keep tell it . fox so we dig . and the whole time I put paw over paw , scoop dirt and pebble with you mother digging like crazy beside I , I keep wonder : who be this little boy go to be ? ash or girl . fox or girl , right -- because at that point we do not know . Fox grab ash by he shoulder and look he in the eye . fox ash , I be so glad he be you . Fox hug ash tightly , hold he for a instant , then let 's go . he turn to the group . fox badger , organize a search party and try to find kristofferson . maybe he 's alive . I be sorry , everyone . I wish -- ( hesitate ) well , good - bye . Fox look across the cavern to Mrs . Fox stand with she back to he . she turn to face he . her eye be burn . Fox smile sadly . he race away down the drain -pipe . everyone watch he disappear . badger hesitates . he address the group uncertainly : 61 . badger I guess we should probably split into a certain number of group and start do something , right ? int . conduit . night Fox sprint full - speed in the darkness . his claw scratch rattling along the iron floor and splash through puddle of shallow water . Fox stop suddenly . he stand up tall on he hind leg . his ear perk up . one pin back . he listen . CUT to : badger carry a lantern lead ash , mole , and two small rabbit down a drainpipe . badger call out : badger kristofferson ? hello ? can you hear we ? Rat 's voice echoe in the darkness : rat y'all lookin ' for somethin' ? nothin ' down here but rusty bottle - cap and drainin ' water . everyone stop short . Rat drop into the pipe from a overhead drain ahead of they . he say ominously : rat they get the boy . badger ( frozen ) who 's get he ? rat the farmer three . you know who I be talkin ' about . badger ( hesitate ) they have kidnap he ? rat well - do , Mr. badger . you be a smart man . they want to trade the son for he poppa . 62 . Rat flick a fold letter through the air . badger catch it . he open it . kylie look over he shoulder . badger frown . badger why would they write this in letter cut out of magazine ? kylie to protect they identity . ( on second think ) oh , right , but then why would they sign they name ? plus , we already know who they be because they be try to kill we . insert : a ransom note write in letter cut out of magazine and paste onto a piece of paper . badger read out loud : Mr. Fox , we have you son . if you ever want to see he alive again -- ash call out : ash I be he son . everyone look at ash . he stand behind they in silhouette . Rat say darkly : rat I can see the resemblance . pause . in a instant , Rat grab ash by the tail , pick he up off the ground , swing he in the air , and fling he away twenty foot down the drainpipe . badger look stunne . ash sit in a puddle in a stupor . Rat race toward he down the tunnel . he leap into the air with he claw out and he tooth bare . as he be about to seize upon ash -- he be suddenly jerk backwards and spun around . Rat be face to face with Fox . Fox strike he old - fashioned box stance . he draw back and throw a hard punch , nail Rat square in the jaw . Rat stagger , stunne . he swing he switchblade , cut Fox across the chest . Fox touch the wound and look at the blood on the finger of he paw . he look to Rat . Rat hold up he wrist and show Fox a child 's plastic digital watch with miniature football , baseball , and soccer ball on it . he say strangely : 63. rat I have still get it . fox ( frowning ) what would you just say ? rat I say I have still get the watch , Mr. Fox . she never ask for it back . a freeze moment . Fox spring forward and clamp he jaw onto Rat 's throat . Rat tumble over backwards . Fox pin he to the ground with he tooth in Rat 's neck . Rat kick and buck and struggle , but Fox hold he fast . Rat go limp . Fox release he . everyone slowly gather around Fox and Rat . ash kneel next to he father . Fox cradle Rat in he arm . Rat whisper : rat the boy 's lock in a apple crate on top of a gun-locker in the attic of bean annex . it 's a set-up . fox ( sadly ) would you have tell I if I do not kill you first ? Rat smile sickly . blood drip from he mouth . his voice creak : rat never . fox ( shaking he head ) all this waste year . what be you look for , Rat ? Fox wipe the blood from Rat 's chin . Rat mutter . ash he 's try to say something , dad . Fox lean he ear close to Rat 's mouth . as quiet as a mouse , rat whisper : rat cider . 64 . Fox nod . he look around the drainpipe . he cup he paw into the pool of murky water and hold it to Rat 's lip . fox here you be , Rat . a beaker of bean 's finest secret cider . Rat 's slivery , scratchity , long , pink tongue lap up a taste of the black liquid . he lick he lip and say faintly : rat like melt gold . Rat 's eye turn into X 's . he be dead . ash stand up . ash he redeeme himself . fox ( shrug ) redemption ? sure . Fox swallow and say hopelessly with tear in he eye : fox but , in the end -- he 's just another dead rat in a garbage pail behind a chinese restaurant . ash put he hand on Fox 's shoulder . Fox lay Rat gently onto the sewer floor . he stand up and turn to the rest of the group . badger clap he paw together . badger well , I suppose we should -- fox ( interrupting ) Excuse I , again , B . the search party 's be cancel . we be replace it with a go-for-broke rescue mission . it 's a set - up , but maybe we can make it work . you two little rabbit run tell the other . ( yelling ) now , go ! the two little rabbit scurry away down the drainpipe . badger walk with Fox and ash . badger what be he say about that wristwatch ? I do not get what he be talk about . 65 . Fox hesitates . he shrug and say with a sad nostalgia : fox just some old back -story . int . sewer system . night the entire community of animal have reconnoiter in the brick cavern . Fox stand on a large spigot and address the group . he have a bandage on he chest . fox in a way , I be almost glad that flood interrupt we , because I do not like the toast I be give . I be go to start over . Fox pantomime raise a long-stemmed glass . fox when I look down this table with the exquisite feast set before we , I see : two terrific lawyer , a skilled pediatrician , a wonderful chef , a savvy real - estate agent , a excellent tailor , a crack accountant , a gift musician , a pretty good minnow fisherman , and possibly the best landscape painter work on the scene today . as Fox describe they , the shot cut to : badger and beaver ; Mrs. badger ; rabbit ; weasel ; a especially small , waifish field mouse ; mole ; kylie ( who look slightly offended ) ; and Mrs. Fox , respectively . fox maybe a few of you might even read my column from time to time . who know ? I tend to doubt it . ( dramatic pause ) I also see a room full of wild animal . everyone stare at Fox curiously , skeptical but intrigue . Fox point at they : fox Wild animal with true nature and pure talent . Wild animal with scientific - sounding Latin name that mean something about we d.n.a . Wild animal each with he own strength and weakness due to he or she species , and also -- well , I guess this thing usually have a lot to ( more ) 66 . fox ( cont 'd ) do with the parent , as we all know . anyway , I think it may very well be all the beautiful difference among we that just might give we the tiniest glimmer of a chance of save my nephew and let I make it up to you for get we into this crazy whatever - it - be . I do not know . it 's just a think . thank you for listen . cheer , everyone . Fox motion with he imaginary glass and pantomime drink it . a few of the other reluctantly pantomime drink . Fox finish he glass and pantomime throw it on the floor . he make a smash - glass sound . kylie shout : kylie let 's eat ! everyone turn to kylie uncertainly . kylie hesitates . kylie what ? I be just play along with the -- fox ( forcefully ) all right ! let 's start plan ! who know shorthand ? pause . badger point to he otter secretary . she be Linda . Fox dart over to she and grip she by the arm . fox Linda ! lutra lutra ! you get some dry paper ? here we go ! Fox , highly energize , move among the group , touch they shoulder and patting they back . fox mole ! talpa europea ! what do you get ? mole ( hesitate ) I can see in the dark ? fox ( exhilarated ) that 's incredible ! we can use that ! Linda ? linda ( taking shorthand ) get it . 67 . fox rabbit ! oryctolagus cuniculus ! rabbit I be fast . fox you bet you cuss you be ! Linda ? linda ( taking shorthand ) get it . fox beaver ! castor fiber ! beaver I can chew through wood . fox amazing ! Linda ? linda ( taking shorthand ) get it . fox badger ! mele mele ! badger demolition expert ! fox ( confuse ) what ? since when ? badger explosion , flame , thing that burn ! fox demolition expert ! ok ! Linda ! linda ( taking shorthand ) get it ! Fox 's cheek and forehead be bead with perspiration . he scream insanely : fox weasel ! mustela nivalis ! 68 . weasel stop yell ! Fox snap he finger , kick a rock , and throw he arm into the air . fox all right ! Fox point to the various cub and pup . fox all you little kid get organize and put together some kind of a k.p. unit or something to keep this sewer clean . it 's good for morale . the field mouse shove he way to the front of the crowd . he make a fist with he paw . field mouse I want to go with you , too ! I want to fight ! fox ( pause ) good. fabulous ! microtus pennsylvanicus ! do you do that , in fact ? be field mouse violent ? field mouse not particularly , except maybe domestic / kitchen sink - type stuff , but I have a hunch I might just -- ( devil -may -care ) -- land a few good punch before I get step on , poison , or lure to my death by a little piece of cheese . who 's to say ? fox ( smile with admiration ) you be a cuss of a lot bigger than you look , rickity . kylie tug at Fox 's sleeve . Fox turn to look at he . kylie say shyly : kylie I do not get a job yet -- or a Latin name . what 's my strength ? Fox raise a eyebrow . he think of something : 69 . fox listen , you be kylie . you be a unbelievably nice guy . you job be really just to ... be available , I think . I do not know you Latin name . I doubt they even have opossum in ancient Rome . kylie put he hand in he pocket and scowl . int . sewer system . night Mrs. Fox put the finish touch on a vast mural paint on the longest , tallest wall of the brick cavern . she stand on a ladder . her sleeve be roll up , and she be splatter with twelve different color of paint . she look down to Fox stand below with a entourage of kylie , badger , Linda , and rickity . the animal child mop and scrub in the background . ash stand lean against a push -broom watch he parent . Fox survey the mural . it be highly detailed , fill with the texture of the landscape , and decorate with image of flower , leave , acorn , etc . it be sign felicity Fox . Fox open he arm wide and shout : fox it 's stupendous . where 's we ? mrs . fox ( point to a spot ) right here . fox paint a X . insert : the bottom of the map . Mrs. Fox 's paw paint a red X and put a circle around it . the shot zoom out to reveal the entire valley -- no longer a painting on the brick wall . lighting strike at the horizon . Dark cloud loom over the three farmer ' compound . it look exactly like one of Mrs. Fox 's painting of a landscape in a rainstorm . bean 's helicopter circle the area . ext . hill . night a bicycle messenger with a head - lamp ring he bell as he approach the farmer ' camp . he stop in front of bean and hand he a envelope . bean tear it open and unfold the letter inside . insert : 70 . a note write in letter cut out of magazine and paste onto a piece of paper . it read : dear farmer boggis , bunce , and bean , I have no alternative but to agree to you term . move the station wagon and open the manhole cover below the foot of the drainpipe next to the cobbler 's shop and meet I there today at 10 a.m. sharp . I will hand myself over to you in exchange for the boy 's safe return . cordially , Mr. Fox bean frown . he study the letter . he show it to boggis and bunce . bean why would he write this in letter cut out of magazine ? bunce ( shrug ) I do not know , but you do the same thing . bean ( uneasy ) I do not trust this guy . anyway , set up the ambush . int . attic . day the top floor of bean annex . the room be fill with box of Christmas ornament , old sport equipment , two stain mattress , and a break birdcage . cobweb hang from the rafter below the slope roof . kristofferson stand with he hand in he pocket look out between the slat from inside a padlock apple crate on top of a gun locker in the corner . he clear he throat . he call out politely : kristofferson could I have a cup of water , please ? kristofferson wait for a reply , but no one answer . he whistle to himself for a minute . he clear he throat again . he call out : kristofferson Excuse I ! Excuse I ? 71 . silence . int . drainpipe . day a cement conduit with a iron grate above it . a fast stream of sewer water run along its side . Fox walk briskly down the pipe follow by he entourage and ash . they step echo loudly . fox synchronize you clock . the time be now -- Fox look at he wrist . he be wear Rat 's plastic , digital , sport - theme wristwatch . fox -- nine forty - five a.m. everyone check they watch . badger point at Fox 's wrist . badger be that Rat 's watch ? fox ( vaguely ) no. originally , no . ( pause ) well , ok , here 's the back -story : when I be a teenager I spend a summer work as a bar-back at a jazz pub call django 's where Rat play horn down near -- can I tell this another time ? we should stay focus on what 's happen right now . ash come up to Fox 's side and say discreetly : ash I should probably ride with you and kylie since it 's my fault kristofferson get capture steal that nutmeg-ginger - apple snap . fox ( puzzle ) I do not understand a word of that sentence , but none of it matter , anyway , because it 's too dangerous for you to come with we . 72 . ext . STREET . day a old craftsman look out from the window of Ferguson cobbler as he tap little nail into the heel of a loafer . a station - wagon with wood - grain side - panel and a flat tire sit park on a manhole cover in front of the shop . boggis , bunce , and five armed farmhand watch as bean monkey with a slim -jim until he get the car door jimmied . bean hop inside . he start the engine , put he arm over the top of the seat as he look back out the rear window , and throw the station - wagon into reverse . the farmer clear out of the way as bean back up off the manhole cover . boggis and bunce stick tool into the manhole cover and lift it open . insert : Rat 's watch . it be now 10 a.m. CUT to : six armed farmhand on the roof of the nag 's head tavern . CUT to : Seven armed farmhand in the bush behind sweeting bakery . CUT to : eight armed farmer in the window of Harrison Travel . CUT to : the action 13 reporter and camera crew in a alley next to St. John 's coin - op Laundry . ext . STREET . day boggis , bunce , and bean crouch behind the open door of a pick - up truck with three beagle . boggis check he carbine . bunce load he shotgun . bean cock he luger . Fox 's voice holler from deep inside the manhole : fox ( o.s. ) do you bring the boy ? bean of course , we do ! say something , kid ! bunce press play on a tape recorder . kristofferson 's voice come over a loudspeaker : 73. kristofferson's voice Excuse I ! Excuse I ? bunce press stop . CUT to : Fox and he entourage at the bottom off the manhole . Fox scoff . he smile and shake he head . fox come on ! that do not sound anything like he ! it 's amateur night in Dixie ! badger rapidly slap two piece of flint together . a bit chip off , and spark fly from the break . he blow on some kindling . he take a pinecone out of a basket . ext . STREET . day a ribbon of white smoke rise out of the manhole . the three farmer watch curiously as it thicken and turn black . bean frown . bean what the cuss be he burn ? a blaze pinecone shoot out of the manhole and fly through the air , over the farmer ' head . it land in a trash can and light some rubbish on fire . a man with a dart in one hand and a mug of ale in the other come out of the nag 's head and pour he beer into the trash can . the fire go out . the three farmer laugh smugly . bean shout : bean be that all you have get , Mr. Fox ? twenty -seven blaze pinecone shoot out of the manhole and hit : a wood - pile on the roof of the nag 's head , a box of pastry wrapper in the bush behind sweeting , a stack of brochure in the window of Harrison Travel , a hay bale in the bed of the pick - up truck , boggis , bunce , bean , and a crate of cam - corder battery next to the action 13 camera crew , which explode . farmer scatter , grab hose , yell , and tamping out the flame as the beagle bark , yelp , and scramble in the confusion . rabbit dart out of the hole and race up the street . six farmer chase after he , fire they weapon . 74 . int . sewer system . day down in the brick cavern , mole listen to a tin can attach to a string . he say urgently as he make notation in a ledger : mole twenty - eight pinecone fire ! twenty - two target hit ! Mrs. Fox , stand on she ladder , paint black check quickly on the street in she mural . the steal , portable television set sit in the corner , tune into action 13 's coverage of the chaos in the street . CUT to : rabbit run full -steam out of the village be pursue by the six farmhand . he hurdle a empty Coke bottle lie on its side in the road . ext . STREET . day badger jump out of the manhole and throw more blaze pinecone at farmer , truck , park car , door , window , and the action 13 camera crew . Seven farmhand chase he down a cobblestone lane . weasel and beaver climb out with straw in they paw and start fire blueberry toward the disorient beagle . the beagle eat blueberry . they fall over . eight farmhand chase weasel and beaver up a wood path . rickity , the field mouse , bound out of the hole and leap into the fraca . he fire a rubber band at bunce off a paperclip . it snap bunce in the corner of he eye . rickity let out a little whoop . there be a small explosion and a burst of flame blast from the manhole . Fox and kylie jump out and run over to a vehicle with a tarp over it park in front of paddington Automotive . Fox whip off the tarp , revealing a miniature motorcycle with a sidecar . CUT to : Fox drive the motorcycle with kylie in the sidecar . they both wear helmet and goggle . Thunder rumble in the distance . kylie sink lower in the sidecar . he shout to Fox over the sound of the motor : kylie be you scared of wolf ? 75 . fox scare , no ! I have a phobia of they ! kylie well , I have a thing about thunder ! fox ( annoyed ) why ? that 's stupid ! ash poke he head up from the rear compartment of the sidecar . he also wear a helmet and goggle . his white cape flutter behind he . he shout : ash I do not like needle ! Fox and kylie look to ash in disbelief . Fox say furiously : fox where would you come from again ? how would you get in the sidecar ? I feel like I be lose my mind ! Fox angrily steer toward a small mound of dirt . they jump it slightly and fly over a little ditch . ash yelp enthusiastically as Fox drive they back onto the road . int . helicopter . day a pilot with a red moustache and a South African accent fly bean 's chopper . he wear a bean , inc. patch on he shoulder . he shout into the microphone connect to he helmet : pilot I have get a fox on a motorcycle with a littler fox and what look to be a opossum in the sidecar riding north on farm lane seven . do that sound like anything to anybody ? a military - type voice respond over the radio : military voice ( o.s. ) Roger that , Red . let I just , uh -- oh , I think the boss want to -- bean ( 0.s. ) Red , it 's Franklin bean ! turn around , get the cuss back here , and pick we up on the a.s.a.p! 76 . ext . bean' compound . day the bean , inc. windmill spin briskly in the dusty wind . shutter on the farmhouse bang open and shut . leave rustle on the branch of the apple tree . a few stray turkey wander in the yard . a white - wash brick pile six storey tall sit apart from the other structure . the door to its courtyard be make of iron and paint yellow . this be bean annex . the front gate of the farm be open , and a gardener water vegetable next to the driveway . Fox , kylie , and ash look out from a high branch over a reinforce concrete and barb - wire security barricade . fox that 's the annex over there on the right . ash nod . kylie do not respond . fox the white building over there on the right . pause . Fox look to kylie . fox kylie ? kylie turn to Fox and stare at he vacantly . Fox say sharply : fox kylie ! kylie what ? ( suddenly ) I do it ! fox when ? I do not see it ! kylie make he slight gesture with he paw . the gardener put three turnip into a basket and ride away on he bicycle . Fox , kylie , and ash scramble down the tree trunk . they come out of the bush on they motorcycle and ride through the gate , across the yard , past the wander turkey . they park outside the courtyard door to bean annex and jump off the motorcycle . 77 . Fox climb onto kylie 's shoulder and try the knob . they be lock . fox kylie , you get a credit card ? kylie ( digging in he pocket ) sure . fox ( impressed ) see , this be what I be say about how good you be at just be available for whatever -- kylie hand Fox a World traveler titanium Card . Fox frown . fox a titanium Card ? how the cuss do you qualify for this ? kylie ( shrug ) I pay my bill on time . I have always have good credit . Fox examine the card with mild resentment . he pick the lock and open the door . the courtyard have high wall and a gravel floor . on one side , there be ten trash can , a stack of newspaper , and a compost heap . on the other side , there be a old , rusted , break - down tractor and a new one . by far the large , fattest , toughest beagle yet lie sleep in the middle . White foam froth around its mouth as it breathes heavily . its collar be hook to a thick chain . a tag around its neck read spitz . Fox , kylie , and ash stop in they track . the beagle open he eye . Fox turn to kylie . fox give I a blueberry . kylie look surprised . he shrug . he shake he head and gesture , I do not have any . Fox frown . he throw up he hand in the air . kylie make a frustrated face . Fox point at he . kylie look away and snort angrily . Fox look away and spit at the ground . ash say quietly : ash what 's that white stuff around he mouth ? 78 . kylie ( squinting ) I think he eat soap . Fox see a amber , plastic pharmacy bottle on a shelf above some bag of fertilizer . it 's read : drug : phenomoxylcarbobubytol , 10 mge name : spitz breed : beagle for : rabies ( chronic ) other : take with meat , do not operate heavy machinery Fox frown . he say grimly : fox that 's not soap . kylie ( hesitate ) well , then why do he have that bubbly -- fox he 's rabid . with raby . I have hear about this beagle . the beagle stand up . Fox say carefully : fox easy , boy . Fox take a cautious step toward the beagle . he hold out the back of he paw for the beagle to sniff . he say back over he shoulder to kylie and ash : fox I be go to try to befriend he . I feel like there 's a tenderness in he eye . Fox take another step . he make a soft , kissing noise . the beagle watch he calmly . fox yes , I be right . he 's a good boy . a little lonely , maybe , but -- Fox take another cautious step . fox -- but terribly sweet . hello , there , boy . be you name spitz ? that 's german , be not it ? 79 . kylie ( aside , to ash ) I think he say you never look a beagle in the eye . fox ( coaxingly ) why , you be just as sweet as a -- Fox and the beagle lock eye . the pupil of the beagle 's eye contract then completely disappear , and the white turn bright red . Fox 's eye open wider than they socket . the rabid beagle erupt ballistically , attack like a enraged maniac . his chain rip out of the cement . Fox , kylie , and ash shriek and scream , sprinting frantically around the courtyard as the rabid beagle , froth , roaring , and snap , try desperately to kill they . Fox shout , he voice crack like a grandmother 's : fox climb the trellis ! in well under a second , Fox , kylie , and ash scale the trellis six storey -- kylie 's pants catch on a nail and rip off on the way up -- and find themselves stand on the roof of bean annex . kylie wear blue fruit-of - the-loom with a pattern of star , moon , and planet on they . they all look down at the rabid beagle , which continue to pitch a insane fit , run in circle after its tail at the bottom of the courtyard . Fox take in they new surroundings . he say , pleased : fox so the attic be probably in the area right up around here somewhere , I figure , huh ? kylie and ash , panting and drip with sweat , both stare at Fox vacantly . ( note : a second set of alternate eyeball indicate kylie 's vacant look will be use for ash in this shot . ) fox ( irritate ) come on , guy . stay with I . we do good . that 's just some dog . let 's not get traumatize . 80 . ext . roof . day bean 's helicopter land on top of the nag 's head . fire smolder and farmer continue to chase around after animal in the village street below . boggis , bunce , and bean , lean over and hold onto they hat , run to the chopper and climb inside . they take off . CUT to : the street below . a orange and yellow citroen van screech into the melee . paint yellow letter spell badoit et fil , destruction des animaux nuisibles on the side of it with a image of a trap fox . a old man with a grey moustache and a young man with a black moustache , both dress in orange - and - yellow - stripe uniform , jump out of the van . they open the side door and start unload stack of metal cage . CUT to : rabbit still run full -steam down a country lane be pursue by the six farmhand . int . attic . day kristofferson stand inside the apple crate lean against the wall with he leg cross and one arm akimbo with he hand on he hip . there be a clanking sound from above . kristofferson look up . a trap door in the ceiling creak open . Fox , kylie , and ash look inside , down at kristofferson . kristofferson smile oddly and say in a surprised , fancy - meeting - you - here voice : kristofferson hi! CUT to : Fox and kylie lowering ash into the room with three different - color shoelace tie together and belt around he waist . ash hold the shoelace and keep a paw behind he back like a mountaineer . his foot touch down on the shelf . he run to the apple crate and jiggle the padlock . he hesitates . he say suddenly : ash can I get one of that karate lesson real quick ? 81 . kristofferson ( long pause ) ok . normally , we start with some breathe exercise and such . stand like this . kristofferson stand with he paw clasped in front of he . ash mimic this . CUT to : a fox - trap hang from a chain suspend above the alley behind the nag 's head tavern . a second one hang behind sweeting bakery . a third one hang behind Harrison Travel . a fourth one hang behind St. John 's coin - op Laundry . a fifth one hang behind Ferguson cobbler . rickity curiously examine a little , hang wire . he mutter to himself : rickity be this spring - load ? CUT to : kristofferson continue ash 's karate lesson : kristofferson this next part be mental . position yourself on the ball of you foot . kristofferson stand lightly poise with he arm out . ash mimic this . kristofferson Close you eye . kristofferson close he eye . so do ash . so do Fox and kylie . kristofferson say mystically : kristofferson you weigh less than a slice of bread . CUT to : each fox - trap in rapid succession as it fall on : rickity , badger , weasel , and beaver . the two small rabbit watch from a sewer- gutter drain under the street - curb . they panic . they race down a pipe , into a tunnel , and through a conduit . CUT to : kristofferson continue ash 's karate lesson : 82. kristofferson let 's review the principle agility technique : jump , flipping , landing . CUT to : Mrs. Fox look down from she ladder at the three , panting rabbit . she look stunne . she motion to she mural / map and say : mrs . fox show I where they be ! CUT to : the two small rabbit , Mrs. rabbit , Mrs. badger , mole , and Mrs. Fox each furiously digging a new tunnel . kristofferson ( v.0 . ) now for a rudimentary version of the cyclone chop . CUT to : kristofferson continue ash 's karate lesson : kristofferson first , you need to get a run start , which , obviously , I can not do in here , then , as you arrive at the destination of the chop -- ( demonstrate ) -- lean and thrust into the point of contact , paw remain open and straight , then withdraw instantaneously . remember , it 's the pull - back that matter . the pull - back -- ( demonstrate ) -- generate the force of the impact . ash ( immediately ) get it . ash walk ten pace away to the far end of the shelf . Fox and kylie watch from above . kylie say excitedly : kylie he 's go to do it ! Fox make a face that say , I be not so sure . ash take a deep breath . he scream at the top of he lung as he sprint toward the apple crate : 83. ash ki-ya ! ash 's toe catch on a loose nail . he somersault twice through the air and bounce off the side of the apple crate , which fall off the shelf . kristofferson brace himself . the apple crate hit the floor and shatter into piece . kristofferson lie among the wreckage . ash look over the side of the shelf . Fox and kylie watch from above , grimace . ash I be sorry . kristofferson ( day ) that 's all right . you be just try to unlock the apple crate . ash no , I mean I be sorry about -- kristofferson ( pick himself up ) oh , you mean from before . the apology you owed I which you never actually say . ash yeah . kristofferson nod sadly . he take a deep breath . he nod again . kristofferson that 's all right , too . throw I the shoelace , please . ash smile . CUT to : badger trap in he cage . he hear something . he look quickly down the alley . the old , orange van turn the corner and approach , bump over pothole . badger shrink into the corner of the cage and mutter grimly to himself : badger badoit et fil . 84 . a cobblestone beside badger suddenly drop straight down and disappear into the ground . badger recoil , scared and confuse . Mrs. Fox poke she head up through the hole . she be bead with perspiration and breathes heavily . her fur be wildly dishevel . she look to the van drive up the alley . she look to badger . she extend she paw to he and say fiercely : mrs . fox let 's go ! ext . yard . day Fox , kylie , ash , and kristofferson come around the side of the building . they run to they motorcycle , outside the courtyard door . they freeze . the front gate to the compound be close and bolt . bean 's helicopter wait on top of the vegetable garden with its rotar-blade whirling . boggis , bunce , and bean stand in front of bean annex with they weapon draw . Fox see he tail around bean 's collar . his eye narrow . his jaw set . he say to himself with grow emotion : fox you tractor uproote my tree . you posse hunt my family . you gunman kidnap my nephew . you rat insulted my wife -- and you shot off my tail . ( steely ) I be not leave here without that neck - tie . bean smile he sickly smile . Fox smile back defiantly . kylie look utterly baffle . ash say mystically : ash I weigh less than a slice of bread . fox ( hesitate ) what ? ash I will be right back . ash run . Fox , kylie , and kristofferson watch , shocked , as ash sprint back to the courtyard door . the three farmer open fire at he . Fox , kylie , and kristofferson duck and take cover behind a hay -bale . 85 . ash dodge bullet . he jump off the ball of he foot with he arm out over a sprinkler - pipe and swing like a gymnast onto a clothesline , then fly through the air do another of he spectacularly awkward four-arm and three - legge back - flip . he land on the handle of one of the courtyard door and scream : ash ki-ya ! ash cyclone - chop the doorknob . the lock click . ash 's eye light up . ash drop to the ground . he dig a hole and burrow into the dirt as bullet fly everywhere . he breathes in through he nose and out through he mouth . Fox watch with he jaw hang open . the courtyard door smash apart and the rabid beagle tear out into the vegetable garden growl , foam , and thrashing crazily . the farmer shriek and scream and run around , panic , with they gun blaze . Fox , kylie , ash , and kristofferson jump onto they motorcycle . the beagle rip the tail from bean 's neck , shred it , chew it up , and swallow it . Fox deflate for a instant , then recover . he look to ash on the back of the motorcycle , behind he , with he hand around Fox 's waist . he say with the deep affection and respect : fox ash , that be pure , wild animal craziness . you be a athlete . ash swallow . he beam . he sit up straighter . ( note : from this point onwards , a alternate version of ash will be use which be slightly taller , slightly leaner , and animated slightly more gracefully . ) Fox kick -start the motorcycle and race across the farm . boggis , bunce , and bean scramble onto the roof of a car port with a old , white mercede convertible under it . the snarling beagle bark and snap below they . they watch as : Fox steer the motorcycle toward a break apple cart at the edge of the property . he gun the motor and yell : fox Holy swear cuss !!! 86 . Fox race the motorcycle up the apple cart , into the air , and over the concrete barricade . they land in the middle of the road , skid , and speed off down the hill . CUT to : boggis , bunce , and bean watch from the roof of the car port . boggis turn to bean and say , deadpan , needle he : boggis Franklin ? you get any final twist for this plot ? bean ( pause ) yeah ! bean grab boggis by the neck and throttles he . bunce start throw punch . bean hold he back by the forehead . boggis kick bunce in the stomach . they brawl chaotically while the rabid beagle continue to go bananas below they . CUT to : each fox - trap with a cobblestone miss underneath it and a hole in the ground . the old man with the grey moustache turn to he son and say with a strong french accent : badoit cuss . int . sewer system . day Mrs. Fox sit anxiously at the bottom of she ladder . badger , weasel , rickity , the two small rabbit , and the other sit , exhaust , in the dark cavern , pass a jar of cider . mole interrupt : mole stand by ! everyone look to mole . mole be hold the tin can with the string attach to it to he ear . he nod and say urgently : mole I just intercept a high - frequency radio signal with the can -- ( gesture with the tin can ) -- and I think they be on they way home ! 87 . Mrs. Fox jump up , embrace mole , and kiss he on the snout . mole blushes . CUT to : rabbit still run full -steam back into the village be pursue by the six farmhand . he come to the manhole where they start and dart into it . the six farmhand stop at the manhole and look down . they go straight to the nag 's head , walk inside , and close the door behind they . ext . road . day Fox , kylie , ash , and kristofferson ride down a country road . kylie see something across the meadow . he say warily : kylie do not turn around ! fox what ? Fox turn around . a huge , wild , grey wolf with ice- blue eye stand on a rock fifty foot away from they . Fox slam on the brake . the motorcycle slide to a halt . fox where would he come from ? ( loudly ) where would you come from ? what be you do here ? pause . Fox point toward the wolf : fox canis lupus ! Fox point to himself : fox vulp vulp ! the wolf do not answer . Fox , kylie , ash , and kristofferson watch idling from the motorcycle . fox I do not think he speak English or Latin . ( loudly ) pensez-vous que 1'hiver sera rude ? ( aside ) I be ask if he think we be in for a hard winter . 88 . the wolf shake he head . Fox nod . fox he do not seem to know . silence . Fox shout to the wolf with a strange hitch in he voice : fox I have a phobia of wolf ! the wolf do not answer . it breathes heavily with its mouth open . its tooth be long , sharp , and yellow . its tongue hang out , and its eye be wild . Fox look back at it with the identical expression for a minute , mesmerize -- then Fox close he mouth and he eye soften . Fox raise he paw in the air . the wolf blink a few time . it raise its paw in the air . it turn away and trot off into the wood . Fox say wistfully : fox what a beautiful creature . wish he luck , boy . Fox gun the motor . gravel spit from under the spin tire , and they tear off down the road . the shot boom down into the ground , below the grass , through bury pebble , layer of soil , and subterranean mineral deposit . title : three day later ( 2 1 / 2 Fox week ) the shot continue to descend past badger and he family have dinner in a nicely furnish drain - pipe , past rabbit and he family watch Magnum , p.i. on the steal , portable television set in a well - appoint cement tunnel , past beaver and Mrs. beaver host mole and weasel for cocktail in a tasteful sewer-conduit . the shot stop in a small chamber adjacent to the brick cavern . the wall be fill with electrical cable , wire , pipe , and a large , new mural which depict the Fox 's former view of the valley as see from they tree with a trompe 1'oeil window - frame around it . it be sign felicity Fox . ash and kristofferson sit indian - style meditate on a braid rug . Mrs. Fox work mixing paint and turpentine at a easel in the corner . there be a armchair with a fold - up copy of the gazette on its cushion in the center of the room under a glow lamp . classical music play on a radio . 89 . Fox swing he head into the room from a tunnel . he say gently : fox my darling ? everyone look to Fox . he signal they to follow he . int . drainpipe . night the cement conduit with the iron grate above it . Fox and he family walk briskly down the pipe . a knitted , woolen , artificial tail have be sewn into the seat of Fox 's trousers . ash where be we go ? fox nobody know . ash we be in the middle of a meditation practice . fox watch you step . Fox take everyone through a open and start climb a metal ladder . he say theatrically : fox let 's see , now . where do this lead ? mrs . fox oh , no , foxy . it 's filthy . fox keep a good grip , everyone . ash this better be worth it . fox I think I see a little sliver of light . what 's this ? be that a door ? mrs . fox you be a terrible actor , foxy . 90 . kristofferson do you smell something ? be that -- ( sniff twice ) -- freon ? fox shh. I be go to crack open this trap door and see if something 's on the other side . I highly doubt it , though . there 's probably just more sewer . Fox clear he throat . pause . fox you know , would not it be surprising if -- ash open it . Fox push open the trap door and crawl out . everyone follow he . int . supermarket . night Fox and he family stand in the middle of a aisle at the center of a large grocery store . to they leave be the refrigerate section of milk , egg , meat , fish , and cheese . to they right be can goods , breakfast cereal , laundry detergent , rice , pasta , and condiment . the light be half - dimme , and a metal grate be close over the front window . there be no people . Fox say casually : fox hey , look ! there 's a whole , enormous , glorious , gigantic supermarket up here ! ash and kristofferson seem dumbstruck . Fox raise a eyebrow and smile at Mrs. Fox . she put she arm around he shoulder . mrs . fox you really be kind of a quote-unquote fantastic fox . fox ( shrug ) I try . I guess now that kristofferson 's dad 's already down to single - pneumonia and get better , he will be go home soon , huh ? mrs . fox actually , when he speak to I from the hospital , he say he be already talk ( more ) 91 . mrs. fox ( cont would ) to weasel about real - estate availabil - ity down in we sewer system . fox oh , really ? well , now 's the time to buy . kylie come around the end of the aisle push a miniature shopping cart fill with jar of jelly , jam , olive , pickle , and honey , plus three loaf of bread , Band - aids , toothpaste , and a carton of strawberry ice cream . he say brightly : kylie do I hear my name ? fox ( smiling ) not down here , you do not . kylie ( smiling blankly ) why not ? fox because we be talk about other thing . kylie ( resigned ) oh , well . Fox look at ash , who be study a twelve - pack of tropical juice punch - box . fox the white cape rather suit he , do not it ? actually , I have to do quite a bit of search myself before I find a look that really flatter I . remember that horseshoe cuff-link ? Fox and Mrs. Fox crack - up laugh . Fox notice something and stop . he stare at Mrs. Fox strangely . she be glow . she hesitates . she shrug . mrs . fox I be pregnant again . Fox be confuse and move . he hold Mrs. Fox 's face in he paw . she smile . ash interrupt : ash dad ? 92 . Fox and Mrs. Fox look to ash . a empty punch - box lie on its side behind he with a straw stick out of it . there be a huge , purple stain all over the front of he white shirt . ash should we dance ? pause . everyone break out giddily dance a ecstatic jig . kylie waltze the cart in circle . Fox spin Mrs. Fox . CUT to : a wide shot of all sixteen aisle of the supermarket stack with box , carton , can , bottle , bag , and jar of every possible variety of food . the family of fox continue to dance at the distant end of the center aisle . ext . STREET . day boggis , bunce , and bean sit silently in fold metal chair around the manhole . boggis 's carbine rest across he lap . bunce 's shotgun hang from a strap over he shoulder . bean clean he luger . petey sit on a cider box outside the nag 's head strumm he guitar in the background . the bartender pull the shutter shut and flip a sign on the door to close . petey start sing he song as the credit roll . the sun set . the farmer sit wait in the dark .