< fantastic voyage > screenplay by Harry kleiner < final > December 22 , 1964 Rev. 1/18/65 Rev. 2/26/65 ( note : all text between the <> symbol be originally underline . ) ( note : due to the poor quality of the xerox which I be sell , several of the page have a line of description or dialogue cut off at the bottom . I have label this cut - off where they occur . ) - - - fade in 1 - < out > 3 3a ext . twa plane in flight over los angele - night with the myriad light of the city beneath it . as the plane land : 3b ext . huge hangar troop carrier fill with armed soldier be line up before the hangar ; several official car fill with secret service men , four motorcycle policemen , and a caravan of three limousine complete the wait entourage . the chief of the secret service look toward the airfield as the plane be hear taxiing in . he turn and get into one of the limousine , follow by the other . 3c long shot - vehicle on airfield come toward camera . the plane loom in the f.g. a motorize stairway be on the way toward the door of the plane . the vehicle come to a halt before the camera . 3d high angle shot - plane the armed Soldiers leap out of the troop carrier and form a cordon around the plane . the secret service Men get out within the circle of guard , wait for the door to open . 4 ext . jet door it open . grant step out : in middle thirty , with the air of a man who take nothing seriously -- he coverup for involvement . he turn to help jan bene out of the plane . bene be mittel european in dress and manner . physically , he be schweitzer at forty : the leonine head , the shock of hair . he carry a batter suitcase . in response to grant 's gesture , he precede he down the stair . 5 on the field as bene reach the last step , he be greet by the Chief of the secret service , who shake he hand , introduce he to several of he subordinate , and lead he to a limousine . they word be lose in the din of jet . about to get into the car , bene turn and move back quickly to grant , who be near the bottom of the stair . bene extend he hand . they shake warmly . bene move back toward the limousine . 6 grant - on platform stair he watch as bene get into the limousine and the caravan take off with the motorcycle escort . the Soldiers be climb back into the troop carrier . grant start down the stair , be lose to view in the general activity . 7 - < out > 8 8a ext . pico boulevard down which the cavalcade speed . 8b ext . warehouse district of studio ( back lot ) the cavalcade race through a area of dark warehouse . 8c ext . deserted STREET ( back lot ) a rundown area . the cavalcade start down the street . in the second floor of a otherwise dark house , a light be turn on and off , a evident signal . pan down to a heavy car , wait in a narrow alley which open into the street . its headlight be off , the sound of its engine completely drown by the concerted roar of the oncoming car and motorcycle . as the cavalcade near the entrance to the alley , one of the motorcyle come speed up from the rear of the escort . the car in the alleyway start toward the entrance to the alley . 9 - < out > 15 15a ext . alleyway the car start hurtle forward at full speed . the front of the limousine be now visible . a broadside impact seem inevitable . 15b ext . alley the motorcycle from the rear reach the limousine as the kamikaze car come hurtle out like a motorize projectile . it hit the motorcycle -- a totally unexpected obstruction -- and send the policeman fly out of scene . it be sufficient to deflect the kamikaze car from its deadly aim . the car hit the rear of the limousine , send it spin out of control . the suicide car , also out of control , careen toward the opposite side of the street . the limousine smashes into a telephone pole , which bring it to a jolting stop . 16 int . limousine the impact throw bene to the side . his head hit the door handle with stun force , almost knock he out . 17 ext . STREET the kamikaze car slam directly into a brick wall . it instantly burst into fire , engulf the Driver . the fitful flame illuminate the otherwise dark street . 18 ext . limousine the Chief of the secret service jump out of the limousine , wave to a sedan to pull up , he shout lose in the general turmoil . other secret service Men be help the daze bene out , shield he . a sedan pull up beside the limousine . 19 int . sedan the Chief of the secret service instantly hustle bene into the rear . as he climb in beside he , and the other secret service Men rush to the other side to get in , there be the sharp crack of a rifle shot . it shatter the rear window of the sedan , narrowly miss bene . the Chief thrust he onto the floor , sprawl on top of bene to cover he , while shouting to the Driver to get go , he word indistinguishable in the confusion of more rifle shot , which send glass and bullet ricochete through the interior of the sedan . 20 ext . STREET in the eerie light of the burn car , the sedan can be see speed off , flanke and spearhead by motorcycle Police . the secret service Men and that in the sedan be leave behind , fire toward the top floor of a nearby bulld from which the rifle fire come . 21 series of impressionistic cut through credit without divulge the nature of the hospital , the unconscious Jan bene be see undergo a fast and thorough medical probe by technician and specialist , use the latest equipment . huge x-ray machine , centrifuge whirling blood sample , ekg , encephalograph , and a variety of instrument use in cerebral examination be feature . after the last credit : 21a ext . CITY STREET - night it be late . a car be speed along . 21b int . car seat in the rear , grant look as if he have just be arouse from sleep and hustle into the car in a hurry . he be get into he shirt , help by a man beside he . there be a smudge of lipstick on he cheek . man sorry we have to get you up at this hour , Mr. grant . grant ( yawn ) I think I be on my vacation ... what 's it all about ? man I can not tell you . grant where we go ? man I can not tell you that either ... Excuse I , Mr. grant , but you have get a smudge on you cheek . he take out handkerchief , realize grant can not see it . man May I ? grant go ahead . as grant finish buttone on he shirt , the man rub off the lipstick . then he throw the handkerchief out of the car . grant what would you do that for ? man I be marry . grant and she say it be indelible ... dissolve to : 21c ext . deserted warehouse - parking area - night the car bear grant pull up on a unpave parking area use for load truck . nothing stir . the driver shut off the engine and light . 21d int . car the Driver and the man in the rear get out . as grant start to follow : man you be to stay inside , Mr. grant. ( answer look ) and wait ... they close they respective door , leave grant alone in the car , look out mystify into the darkness . 21e ext . parking area the two man move off together , until they reach what they obviously know be a proscribe distance from the car . then they stop and look at it . for a moment nothing happen , then the ground seemingly start to sink with the car . 21f int . car grant be startle to see the earth slide up past the car . 21g long shot - elevator shaft it now become apparent that the car have be rest on what be really the top of a elevator shaft . the side of the shaft now become visible : it be seemingly bottomless . 21h int . car - in shaft grant respond as the elevator finally come to a halt . 22 - < out > 39 40 int . bottom of elevator shaft the car be on the earthen platform . two big door open . a scooter bear the distinctive insignia of the < cmdf > appear , drive by a m.p. wear the same emblem . grant get out of the car , be wave by the m.p. into the scooter . he get in , be drive away . 41 int . underground ordnance depot they pass through a vast empty area , obviously capable of hold large piece of equipment . the insignia of the < cmdf > be prominent . 42 - < out > 43 43a ramp the scooter carry grant speed up the incline to : 44 int . central clearance area male and female officer , all in the uniform of the < cmdf > , be move about busily . as the m.p. and grant drive across the foyer , grant eye the female cmdf appreciatively . they uniform emphasize non-military point . the scooter reach : 45 int . clearance desk the officer behind the desk look up . officer you i.d. card , please . grant take out a card with only a emboss number . the Officer place it into a identifier . we see its screen be blank . after a moment , grant 's picture flash on in color , in full view and profile . the Officer look up at grant , see it be a exact likeness . he then extract the card . the screen go blank . he hand grant the i.d. card . the scooter take off , speed down a long neon - light corridor , mark off for scooter traffic : four lane , two in each direction . numerous door lead to office open on both side of the walkway . traffic be heavy . grant be the only one in mufti . the scooter approach door over which light flash : < medical division > < authorized personnel > < only only only >! as the scooter near the sentry box , the m.p. on duty hit a switch . the steel door slide open . the scooter go through into : 46 - < out > 50 51 int . medical foyer general alan carter be come out of a door in a hurry . the scooter bear grant pull up beside he . grant get out . they shake hand . carter hello , grant . good to see you again . grant the Pentagon , be not it , General ? only you be not in that uniform ... 52 int . observation room they move to window overlook the operating room , see the unconscious bene be wheeled in for surgery . his head be uncover . the full shock of hair stand out against the white pillow . his body be drape in the usual manner . a battery of specialist and medical attendant , male and female , be move about under the glare of beam focus on the operate table . grant ( startle ) bene ... what the devil happen ? carter the other side get to he . grant how bad off be he ? carter Brain injury . grant before or after what he want to tell you ? carter before he could breathe a word . he 's the only scientist who know the answer to what we be after . that 's why we have to operate -- he turn away from the window , move toward another door , with grant follow . carter -- and why we need you . grant < I >? bewildere , he follow Carter through door into : 53 - < out > 55 56 int . monitoring room Carter move to a panel of many switch and tv screen . grant I can not even put a Band - Aid on my finger . carter here 's the surgeon . he flick a switch . on the tv screen appear the interior of duval' office . we see duval , a brain surgeon in the middle forty . he have the manner of one totally dedicated to he work . at the moment , he be testing a ruby laser , narrowing the beam down to pencil- like thinness . assist he be cora peterson . in the middle twenty , she attractiveness be match by she efficiency , which be considerable . they work together smoothly , the result of long association . it be evident neither know they be be observe during : carter duval . Dr. Peter duval . top brain man in the country . ever hear of he ? grant sorry , but I be rusty on surgeon . who 's the girl ? carter cora Peterson , he technical Assistant . you will join duval and the other -- grant what can I do ? except maybe pass out ? Carter flip on another switch . on the tv screen appear the interior of dr . michael ' office . it be dominate by big blowup of the circulation system . michael be asaemble chart , as if under pressure . carter' voice ( on loudspeaker ) Mike ... michael move to a wall , press a switch . his tv screen show grant and Carter . michael yes , Alan . carter meet grant . this be Dr. michael , Chief of the Medical section . michael glad to have you with we , Mr. grant . grant wish I know why . carter tell he where he fit in , will you ? I have get a few thing to check out . he move to another panell be see throw on switch , monitoring a fast series of scene , all of which be indistinguishable in angle of shot . michael be see bustling about , collect chart during : michael we need you for Security purpose , Mr. grant . grant at a operation ? michael they know they fail to kill bene . Security think they will try again , first chance they get . we be afraid of medical sabotage -- or surgical assassination . grant surgical assassination ?! but that mean you suspect -- carter ( re-enter scene ) [ line of dialogue CUT off ] michael I do not agree . just because he 's often difficult -- carter difficult ? he 's impossible ! michael that 's no reason to suspect he of disloyalty . grant but why take the chance , when there must be other doctor ? carter we have no choice . duval 's the most skillful brain surgeon in the country , and he 's right here , at hand . grant I would not know if he 's try to save he or kill he . michael I will be stand by . < I will > know . carter ( to grant ) and no matter what happen , you be to take order < only > from Dr. michael , understand ? grant right , sir . carter come along , they will be operate shortly . ( hand on switch ) see you later , Mike . michael wave . Carter switch off the monitor . he move to a door . grant follow . 57 - < out > 61 62 int . medical foyer as they emerge : grant his technician okay ? in addition to the look Department ? carter no question of she loyalty . as Carter lead grant to the scooter and they take they place , grant look at the big < cmdf > insignia on the floor . grant I do not mean to be inquisitive . but this < cmdf > -- for all I know it could stand for < consolidate mobilization of female delinquent >? carter ( matter -of - fact ) < Combined miniature deterrent force >. grant ( blankly ) say that again ? Carter start the scooter and they drive through the big door lead out of the Medical foyer . 63 - < out > 74 75 int . corridor - traveling with scooter carter we can reduce anything down to any size we want . people -- ship -- tank -- plane ... grant General , I have hear some wild one . but this take it . carter we can shrink a Army -- with all its equipment -- and put it in a bottle cap . that 's why we call it < Combined miniature deterrent force > . grant ( with silent whistle ) if the other side ever get hold of a thing like that ... carter they have ... ( answer look ) but we have both get the same problem -- lack or control . we can only keep thing miniaturize for exactly sixty minute . arter that , everything start grow back to its original size . they arrive at the root of the escalator , leave the scooter and board the move stairway . 76 with escalator as they ride up : grant I assume bene know how to control it . carter that 's right . he want we to have the secret , and not they . which be why they try to kill he . grant they be bound to try again . no wonder they want I to stand by during the operation . carter and take a little trip with they ... grant ( bewilder ) trip ? where to ? carter ( matter -of - fact ) well , the only way to reach that clot be from inside the Brain . so we have decide to put a surgical team and a Crew into a submarine -- reduce it way down in size , and inject it into a artery -- grant ( jolted ) you mean < I be > go along ? carter as part of the Crew . grant wait a minute ! they can not shrink < I >! carter ( assuringly ) grant , we miniaturizer can shrink anything . grant but I do not want to be miniaturize -- ! carter it 's only for a hour -- grant not even for a minute ! General Carter , sir , I would like you to reconsider you choice . I be just not the right man for a mission of this kind . he start walk against the direction of the escalator , thus remain in the same place . carter ( take he arm ) come on , grant . you be go to a briefing . they have reach the top of the escalator . nearby be a door mark : < conference room > Carter open the door , wave he in . 77 int . conference room grant and Carter enter in the middle of what be evidently a heat argument between colonel donald reid and duval . reid be in the uniform of the < cmdf > , with a cadaceus which indicate he be the Medical division . also present be captain bill owen , in Naval uniform , and michael . cora stand beside duval , rather abash , since she be the cause of the vociferous disagreement . duval ( irascibly ) miss Peterson volunteer to come along ! reid so do every male technician in the unit . a woman have no place on a mission of this kind . duval ( brook no rebuttal ) I insist on take my technician . reid you will take whoever < I > assign ! duval ( angrily ) do not tell I whom I be to work with ! not on this operation or any other ! I will do what < I > think be best , without any interference from anyone ! before reid can reply : michael ( diplomatically ) Dr. duval have relied on miss Peterson for year . and since she want to come along , I be sure it 's for the best , Dr. reid . reid ( make best of defeat ) I do not agree with you -- but since you be in charge , you can do as you please . but I want to go on record as be against it . carter grant -- Colonel reid , operation Commander . ( they nod ; of michael ) you have meet we Medical Chief . grant and michael shake hand , in effect they first meeting vis-a - vis . carter this be Dr. duval , we head surgeon . grant oh yes , I have hear of you , Doctor . with the attitude of the completely dedicated professional , duval throw he a cursory glance , nod , sit down , quickly open up a folder contain the latest lab report on bene , which he scan during : michael miss Peterson , he technical Assistant . grant ( the charmer ) how be you , miss Peterson ? she respond with a impersonal nod , sit down beside duval and open up she sheaf of lab report , hand he the pertinent one during : carter this be Captain Bill owen , designer of a experimental submarine for the navy 's ' oceanographic Research and development Program . ' as they shake hand : grant out of you element , be not you , Captain ? owen sort of . grant that make two of we . carter grant 's uniquely qualified for this mission . he 's a Communications expert and be a frogman during the war. besides , he bring bene into this country , and the fewer people who know about he , the better . at any rate , you will find grant invaluable , should anything go wrong once you be under way . ( to reid ) okay , Don . reid here 's the overall target Area ... reid press a switch . a large anatomical map of a Brain flash on a central screen . the ganglia and dendrite form a network , much like intersect road , in a detailed war map . the clot be a solid obstruction in the center . grid line cross the map vertically and horizontally as point of reference . the entire projection have a three - dimensional effect , since it be draw in perspective . duval bene ' brain ... near as we can map it stereotaxically ... he switch on a flashlight arrow , point to the clot . duval the clot 's right here ... he switch off the arrow and quickly flash it on again , this time on the edge of the map . the arrow now probe and with draw from the base , center and top of the brain , like the animated technique of show a attack which be repulse at the perimeter . duval impossible to get at -- ( arrow make vertical penetration to give impression of wide cut ) -- without damage to the intervene tissue ... which would prove fatal to bene . he press another switch . a startling overlay of the blood vessel of the head and neck appear over the anatomical draw of the brain , encase it . the red-color artery and blue-color vein form such a intricate maze , that find one 's way through it seem virtually impossible . duval the only way to reach it be via the arterial system . grant look at cora . she be busy make note from the project map . owen be show no undue reaction , apparently have be apprise . reid phase one call for miniaturize a submarine , with Crew and surgical team , and inject it into the carotid artery . he point with the arrow to the exact spot . owen how small would that be ? reid about the size of a microbe . grant Colonel , I be sure that 's quite a comfortable size , but -- reid reduced proportionately , you will not find it too strange -- grant all in a day 's work , sure . but I be think of the speed of the circulatory system . michael about forty mile a hour . grant well , it seem to I if you reduce a ship to microscopic size -- and the stream remain constant -- we would take quite a beat . owen ( very worried ) I hope you have take that into account -- carter we have . reid you will not be go anywhere near that fast . we be put bene in deep hypothermia -- that be , freezing he low as compatible with human life . it will slow down he heartbeat , circulation , and all other physical process . owen begin polish he glass , indicate he inner qualm . owen even so , because of we size -- I mean lack of it -- we will still be cruise mighty fast . we will be smashed to bit if there 's any turbulence -- michael ( point with flash arrow ) the only danger of turbulence be in the heart -- and we be not go through it . ( flash arrow ) once in the carotid artery , we will remain in the arterial system ... until we reach the point of damage -- ( flash around clot ) -- where Dr. duval will attempt to dissolve the clot with a laser beam . after the operation , we will return by way of the venous system -- ( coursing down with arrow ) -- until we reach the base of the neck -- ( arrow stop ) -- where we will be remove right here -- with a hypodermic . grant how will you know where the sub be , at any particular moment ? reid Dr. michael -- we circulatory specialist -- will serve as you Navigator . he will know just where you be . and you can communicate directly with we , by wireless . besides , the sub be nuclear - power , and we will be tracking it just as we would any radio-active tracer . carter there will be a team of surgeon stand by . we be prepare to remove you immediately , should anything go wrong . in any event , you must be out within sixty minute . after that , you will be in danger of attack . grant attack ? who -- or should I say what from ? reid bene ' natural defense . White corpuscle -- antibody . once you begin to grow -- and become a menace to the body -- you will trigger they off ... michael with all the unknown factor in the body , I still say risk five life for one be something we should reconsider -- carter we understand you concern , but we have make we decision , Doctor . any question ? anybody ? grant just one , General ... carter yes ? grant where can I get a cab back to town ? no one respond to the attempt levity . Carter rise . carter ( to all ) proceed to the sterilization section . Carter and reid move out of the room through the door . the other go out through another . 78 - < out > 80 80a int . corridor the five appear and stop before a cylindrical door with handle similar to that in a vault , to give the effect of a seal chamber within . over the door flash : < sterilization section > the five reach the door . a electronic beam swing it open automatically . they start in . as grant move past the sign : grant how much can a man give to he country ? the door swing automatically shut behind he . 81 < out > 82 int . control tower a huge plastic bubble in the form of a truncate semicircle , with glass panel overlook area not visible in the angle of the shot . tecnician in the uniform of the < cmdf > be seat at a desk - level bank of monitor , on a slightly raise platform . they be check the numerous tv screen for focus . a cacophony of B - beep from the screen underscore the sense of last- minute preparation . a communications aide wear headphone and throat microphone move about . Carter cross to the miniaturization Control panel . reid go to the window overlook the operating room . below , he can see bene on the operate table , a towel over he head . surgical aide be make a last- minute check of the thermal blanket which encase he in three section . reid press a button on the wall beside the window . reid make the final preparation ... they begin to remove the towel from bene ' head . reid turn away from the window and cross to the window overlook the MAIN ops room . with he we see a huge room , bisect by a floor - to-ceil detailed map of the entire arterial and venous system from rib-cage to skull , to simulate the body of bene in a prone position . grid line mark off area in relation to true North and South . technician be bustling about with chart and report which be come in through headphone , telephone , teletype , battery of Computers , oscillograph , etc . encircle the entire floor be glass - fronted booth which enclose the specialist ' post . reid turn to a technician at the master Control section . reid ( to technician ) heart . the technician flip on a switch . on a tv screen appear the interior of the heart post , one of the glass - enclose booth look out onto the MAIN ops room . like all the specialist post , it be concerned with its particular area and nothing else : blowup of the heart in great detail , x-ray of bene ' heart , its beat be record electronically on a huge ekg chart which fill one wall and be in constant operation via remote control . the heart specialist be stand before the ekg chart , while a technician twirl dial at a panel . reid can be see in the close tv circuit in the heart Post . ( as in all subsequent tv communication . ) reid how 's it look , Henry ? heart specialist ( over tv ) holding steady at thirty - two per minute . reid ( to another technician ) respiration . the technician flip on another switch . on a tv screen appear the interior of the respiration post . here everything relate only to the lung . in addition to cut -away section where each small area assume the proportion of a detailed war map , there be bank of bene ' x-ray , light up in panel , plus immense calibrate chart label inhalation and exhalation , on which the rate be be electronically record . reid how 's he do , Jack ? the lung specialist be see glance at a chart . lung specialist ( over tv ) respiration be now six per minute ... I would not take he down any further . another technician flip switch in response to : reid hypothermia ... on a tv screen appear the interior of the hypothermia post , its wall festoon with dial recording bodily temperature , before which technician sit watch and make minute adjustment . the hypothermia specialist move along , keep a sharp eye on the various zone label : circulatory , respiratory , cardiac , renal , etc . reid any problem , Dr. sawyer ? hypothermia specialist ( over tv ) no sir . we be hold he at twenty - eight degree centigrade . Carter enter , move to the Control section to join reid . carter where do we stand ? reid Medical 's ready . the Communications aide with headphone move up to they . communications aide they're in the sterilization corridor -- 83 - < out > 88 89 int . sterilization corridor bath in eerie ultra-violet light . the five be pass down the corridor , in single file . all be dress in khaki uniform . grant move ahead of cora . as they reach a vestibule at the end , the door swing open automatically . grant start to help cora over the threshold . cora do not touch I . I be sterile . grant grin . they move into : 90 int . miniaturization room a huge parquet area , compose of white octagonal module . in the center be the Zero module , in red . stand over it be a fifty - foot craft . the angle and the distance render its detail indeterminate . white -clad technician wear rubber glove be see work about it . as the five come into the room : carter' voice ( on loudspeaker ) please board and check all you equipment immediately . they look up , see : 91 carter and reid at window of control tower - there p.o.v . they can be see , high above . 92 down into miniaturization room - from p.o.v. control tower Carter and reid look down at the tiny figure below as they move toward : 93 the proteus - over the zero module with grant and the other , we now get the full impact of the experimental sub at close range : sleek line from the intake in the nose sweep over a transparent plastic bubble atop the structure , and then down to taper off at the stern under which be double vent . the sub be support by cradle , allow it to stand free of the module . plastic window in the bow afford the occupant a full view . a white - clad technician hand owen a small lead box . technician here 's the particle , sir . owen everything aboard ? technician all square away , sir . carefully hold the lead box , owen start up the ladder , follow by duval , then michael . grant wave cora to precede he . they reach the monk 's step above the ladder , climb upward , then one by one disappear through the hatch . grant be the last one in . 94 int . proteus with grant we see the interior . there be plastic window in the bow . in the center be the navigation and Communications kiosk , which contain chart , report , and a wireless set . four swivel chair be space about the kiosk . behind it , a ladder lead to the con bubble above . set in the rear of the kiosk be a watertight door lead into the escape hatch . behind the kiosk be a Lab and storage section , not visible at the moment . no power of any kind be on -- light or air-condition . the interior be illuminate by the light come in through the plastic window . duval , michael and cora instantly move to the kiosk and busy themselves examine the chart and report in the numerous pigeonhole . owen hand the lead box to grant . owen hold this ... grant take the lead box . owen remove a crank from the tool box , insert it into a hole in a circular trap door which read : < danger > < atomic fuel > owen turn the crank . the lid of the trap door open . a hollow cradle come up . owen then open the lead box by undoing two butterfly screw . he remove the seed cage from within the box . grant ( not relishing think ) Atomic fuel ? owen nothing you could see with the naked eye . but there 's a microscopic radio-active particle inside . he put the seed cage on the cradle and lower it back beneath the floor , by reversing the crank . during the above : grant if it 's no military secret , how can a sub run on a microscopic particle ? owen they can not reduce nuclear fuel . but once the reactor 's miniaturize -- along with the submarine -- a microscopic particle should emit enough energy to activate it . grant that 's cut it mighty close -- for a perfect fit . owen it should work -- theoretically . if it do not , the mission 's off . the craft 's nuclear- power . except for you wireless . the lid of the trap door be now level with the floor . owen remove the crank , and take the lead box from grant , he put both back into the tool box during : grant ( look about ; admiringly ) all in all , quite a canoe ... owen design for piscatorial Research -- the spawn Habits of deep Sea Fish . grant remind I to ask you about the love life of a octupus . he move to the wireless , see cora smile as she go through the aft door . grant begin tapping out a message . 95 - < out > 96 97 int . control tower a wireless technician be write down the message hear come in . he tear it off he pad , hand it to the Communications aide , who take it to Carter . communications aide test message from the proteus , sir. ( read ) ' miss Peterson have smile . ' reid that 's a auspicious sign . carter confirm receive . 98 int . proteus grant be at the wireless , log the income message . in the meantime , owen finish batten down the entrance hatch . duval be study medical report , michael be spread out the first of the navigation chart , a very detailed map of the vascular system of the neck and head . as owen cross on the way to the ladder lead to the bubble : michael Captain , how will you be able to follow my chart -- ( of bubble ) -- from up there ? owen on the repeater . michael look at he blankly . owen flip a button up and down of a hood device which be train on the chart area . the small screen remain blank . owen once the power 's on , we will be in direct touch . come , I will show you . michael move with he to the ladder lead to the bubble . owen stop , wave he to continue . michael go up the ladder . 98a int . conning bubble a ultra-sophisticated set of control , consist of a push - button panel and a airplane - like steering wheel . the plastic afford a 360 degree view of the miniaturization room . there be room for only one person . owen remain on the ladder , so that only he head be within the bubble . owen point to the identical repeater on the panel . owen that 's it ... michael ( of control ; ironically ) look simple to operate . he sit down in the single seat . 98b int . proteus grant be move aft . with he we hear : owens'voice ( from bubble ; with pride ) it actually be , although the control be highly sophisticated . there 's a button for everything -- grant enter : 99 int . lab and storage section originally design for marine research , it still show some of its pre-adaptation structure : there be a series of glass - fronted compartment , now label antibiotics , anti - coagulant , coagulant , mo oxy , etc . a wide counter run the length of the compartment on one side , suitable for work on specimen . a Ruby laser sit on the counter at the end , its plastic cover remove and to the side . at the other be a piece of metal on a metal base . as grant enter , he see cora work with a set of very small tool , make minute adjustment on the laser . grant Bet you be pretty handy around the house ... can you cook ? cora ( indicate oxy container ) we be push oxygen today . grant I will take some laugh Gas , mar 'am . cora ( surprised ) you sound as if you be not look forward to it . grant well , it 's not exactly a pleasure cruise . cora I think it 's the most exciting -- ( with awe ) we be go to see thing no one ever see before . the actual physical process of life itself -- not something under a microscope ... just think of it -- grant that 's the trouble . I be . be shrink ... cora you may learn to like it . she have finish adjust the laser . she now lift grant 's hand away from the metal disc . cora Excuse I ... she press a button on the laser . with startling suddenness , a thin pencil of light shoot out , cut a hole through the metal instantaneously . have grant 's hand remain , the beam would have go right through it . grant for a nice young lady , you play with the damndest toy , miss Peterson ... she adjust the intensity and thickness of the laser beam , each new one cut different size hole through the metal during : cora ( with smile ) that will teach you where to keep you hand . grant now I know ... as she drill metal through again : grant that could be quite a lethal weapon ... it could kill , not cure . cora not in the hand of a great surgeon like Dr. duval . the beam of this laser can be regulate to one millionth of a millimeter . grant I understand you have be Dr. duval 's Assistant for quite some time ... he must have snatch you out of the cradle . cora I have be with he since I get out of school . he bring I into the cmdf , over five year ago . grant a long time , with one man . cora not work for someone like Dr. duval -- she break off , realize she may have reveal she feeling . she switch off the laser , avert look at grant as she fit the plastic cover over it . into the silence , the wireless be hear as a message come in . grant start back into : 100 int . proteus thoughtful , listen to the wireless . michael be come down from the bubble . as grant reach the wireless , the tapping come to a end . grant ( loud enough for all ) ' prepare for miniaturization ' ... owen position , please . and strap yourselves in . grant and duval begin put on they safety harness , which be attach to they respective seat . cora appear out of the aft compartment . michael move toward it , a check - list in hand . he disappear within . in the meantime , owen be busy tightening every lock - screw in evidence . 101 at the kiosk cora stop before duval , try to help he with the final stage of get into the harness . duval it 's all right -- I can manage . she start to leave , stop . cora ( with difficulty ) Doctor ... duval ( busy with harness ) yes , cora . cora I -- I want to say ... she falter as he look at she . duval what be it ? ( anxiously ) anything wrong ? cora ( the moment go ) I just want to thank you for take I along . duval thank you for volunteering . she turn abruptly , get into one of the seat and start put on she harness . in the meantime , michael appear from the aft compartment , check off a few item on the bottom of he list as he move quickly to the kiosk . he place the list into a pigeonhole , sit down , quickly strap on he harness . 102 with owen everything batten down , he now check cora 's harness , then do the same with duvall and michael ' . all be now sweat . finish with grant 's harness , owen move quickly up the kiosk ladder lead to : 103 int . bubble owen drop into the seat , and with the speed of much practise , slip into he harness . 104 int . proteus grant and the other hear : owen ' voice ( from above , in bubble ) okay , Mr. grant . tell they we be ready . as grant begin to tap out message : 105 int . control tower the message be come in . the wireless technician write it down , rip it off the pad and the Communications aide read : communications aide ' proteus report all secure . ' carter ( to technician ) miniaturizer ... a technician at a panel mark < min > throw a switch . 106 int . miniaturization room what appear to be a solid wall at the end now slowly start to slide apart , gradually revealing : 107 the miniaturizer a huge , honeycombed disc , suspend from a rail run along the ceiling , begin to roll silently toward the sub . 108 int . proteus as grant get he first sight at what be go to shrink he , he react quite convinced . he glance at duval , michael and cora . they , too , be look at the oncoming miniaturizer , but with none of he response . they apparently have see it before . 109 p.o.v. miniaturization room - from control tower reid and Carter be look down at the m1niaturizer as it roll slowly toward the sub . when the disc be directly over the sub , the techn1cian at the < min > panel throw a switch , instantly stop the min1aturizer . reid all station stand by ... a technician press a button . there be the SOUND of a warning claxon . 110 MAIN ops room - p.o.v. the last minute scurry , as all take they respective place . the grid officer be see move up to the big center grid map of the arterial system with something in hand which we can not distinguish as yet . 110a - cut of technician in MAIN ops room 110d now all be mobile , wait at they machine . 110e int . control tower reid be now before the monitor , all of which be on . Carter turn from the window overlook the miniaturization room , look at reid . the latter nod in silent affirmal . Carter turn to the Communications aide . carter commence miniaturization . communications aide ( into throat mike ) commence miniaturization . 111 int . miniaturization room the bottom of the miniaturizer begin to glow with increase intensity . simultaneously , the module beneath the sub also begin to light up with equal intensity . gradually , the entire sub be encase in a blaze of incandescence . 112 int . proteus the lack of ventilation and the tension be cause grant and the other to sweat profusely . 113 int . conning bubble from he vantage point , owen can see the light of the miniaturizer reach the peak of intensity . 114 int . control tower a light flash on the < min > panel . with Carter we see a grid on the technician 's Control panel as it become activate . two blip from the co-ordinate mark < min dimen > and < min secs > flash on . reid remain at the monitor , eye on the chart which keep flash on , send bene ' temperature , heartbeat , etc . 115 < out > 116 int . miniaturization room the light be bathing the entire sub in a iridescent glow . there be a dull hum . 117 int . proteus with grant we get the first < subjective > realization that the sub be shrink : the proportion of what he can see in the miniaturization room be change . he look about he in a moment of wonder . 118 duval and michael from they vantage point at the kiosk tower , they can see a little more of the outside than grant . they respond like scientist : with intense absorption in the process . 119 cora she respond enthralled . 120 owen up in the bubble , he get the unlimited view -- and he be transfix . for now the miniaturizer stretch far , far up , and the honeycombed light from the miniaturizer disc seem as distant as star . the wall of the room be barely discernible in the distance . 121 back to grant the final subjective reaction as with he we see : 122 control tower - granth p.o.v. Far , far up , the window of the tower have merge into a tiny ray of light . 123 int . miniaturization room - p.o.v. control tower now with Carter we get the first < objective > view of the shrink proteus as they watch it shrink down , down , down in the center of the Zero module , which we see be lace with intersect line . when the sub reach the size of a capsule about the length of a centimeter , Carter look down at the grid on the technician 's Control panel . he see the blip on the co-ordinate approach closer and closer until they finally merge into one . he look back at : 124 < out > 125 int . miniaturization room - p.o.v. control tower the light at the bottom of the miniaturizer 's disc go off . the hum stop . at this distance , the sub look like a speck on the floor . carter elevate Zero module . 126 the zero module - miniaturization room it start to rise from the floor with the capsule - sub . 127 int . proteus grant and the other respond as the vast parquet floor with its maze of hexagonal line seemingly stretch into infinity suddenly begin drop beneath they . the effect be that of become air-borne . 128 int . bubble with owen we get the unobstructed view : everything be fall far , far below . the bottom of the miniaturizer seem a infinite distance above . 129 the zero module still rise slowly . 130 the zero module - p.o.v. from interior control tower the capsule - sub be now about four foot off the floor , on the module . the Zero module come to a stop . 131 int . proteus - on module all be sweat more profusely , show increase discomfort . 132 < out > 133 int . control tower Carter turn from the window , look at reid , who glance up from view the monitor . reid okay to proceed . carter phase two . 134 int . miniaturization room a panel slide open and a precision handle device be roll in by several white -clad technician . a nurse follow , in uniform . the machine be fourteen foot high , consist of pulley on a tripod , which control a vertical arm angle down from a horizontal extensor . two set of mechanical finger be on the vertical arm , about a foot apart . together they act as clamp . all adjustment be control by various worm - gear . as the tall tripod roll by , on the side of the base we see stamp : min precision handling , under the insignia of the < cmdf >. 135 int . proteus grant and the other react to the first sight of the oncoming < human being > in relation to they own reduce size : a button be immense , a shoe -- although far down from they position on the Zero module -- be long as a city street , the head gargantuan atop skyscraper - tall body . the precision handle machine itself be beyond recognition , owe to its vast proportion . 136 int . miniaturization room the tripod be ease to a stop so that its vertical arm be directly over the proteus on the module . a technician at the gear box start turn a worm - gear control , which lower the vertical arm toward the capsule - sub . 137 int . proteus grant react as huge steel finger at the bottom of the arm slowly slide into view . he glance at cora and the other . they apparently know what to expect , but watch with the interest of scientist . the mechanical finger slowly disappear beneath the sub . 138 int . miniaturization room the technician maneuver the mechanical finger carefully so that they slip under the cradle of the sub , in effect become its hold fork . once the steel finger be in place , the Zero module sink below the floor from view , while the tripod hold the proteus be ease back . 138a int . control tower a technician press a switch . 138b cylindrical ampule - miniaturization room a glass ampule about as tall and round as a small silo start come up out of the floor on the Zero module . the transparent container be fill with a clear liquid , two - third to the top . it rest on a encircle cork base . the lettering at the base read : saline solution . 139 < out > 140 cylindrical ampule - p.0.v. proteus grant and the other react to what appear to be something big as a illuminate gas storage tank -- albeit fill with liquid . 141 int . miniaturization room - p.o.v. control tower with Carter we see the tripod with the proteus bring to a stop close to the saline solution . 142 - < out > 143 144 int . miniaturization room the technician at the tripod move it so that the claw hold the proteus be directly over the water in the ampule . 145 int . proteus grant and the other react as they see themselves suspend over what appear to be a huge lake far below , bound by cylindrical glass wall in the distance . reflected light bounce off the top of the water , with iridescent effect . suddenly they begin to descend . grant and the other react as they seem to be drop at suicidal speed toward the water which be rush up to meet they as if they be in a dive -bomber . then as the surface near : 146 int . miniaturization room within the high wall of the ampule , the capsule - sub be deposit into the water . despite the delicate handle : 147 int . proteus it vhit ' the water , jarring all within , as at a launching from drydock . 148 int . miniaturization room the technician now begin to maneuver the mechanical finger out from under the sub . 149 int . proteus grant and the other see the gigantic steel finger slide past the plastic window . 150 int . miniaturization room the lift fork be now disengage from the sub , which float free in the ampule . 151 int . bubble the sub be rock none too gently on the surface of the vast glass - enclose ' lake . ' as owen see the end of the immense prong move past the bubble and continue upward : owen ( down toward kiosk ) we have get to submerge manually . grant , open valve one and two on the bulkhead . 152 int . proteus grant slip out of he harness and move quickly to a butterfly valve mark < one > in the bulkhead . on the opposite side of the sub be a duplicate valve mark < two >. as grant begin turn valve one : duval here -- I will get the other . duval get out of he harness and move to the second valve . grant watch he covertly while work at he own valve . 152a michael as he see the fluid rise toward the bow window , he begin to respond with increase fear . 153 int . bubble owen ' attention be on the gauge in the panel before he . they begin recording pressure and depth . the surface of the saline solution begin to flood upward . 154 int . proteus grant and duval at the valve , now fully open . through the outer window the water appear to move upward in relation to the sub , which continue submerging . 154a michael face sweat , he eye reflect grow irrational terror as he stare at the rise fluid bubbling over the bow window . 155 int . bubble as the depth gauge near the < 30 > mark : owen Close valve . 156 int . proteus grant and duval twist the valve shut . when both be do : grant valve close . owens'voice ( from bubble ) right . that 's all for the present . as grant and duval move to they seat , michael open he harness , slip out and hang onto the bulkhead ledge , gasp for breath . duval Doctor , what 's wrong ? michael I can not breathe !... I have get to get out ! duval it 's too late now . we must go on . grant you will feel better once we be underway . michael hang on tighter to the bulkhead ledge , try to control himself . michael ( gasp ) I -- I be sorry ... claustrophia -- bury alive -- two day -- air raid -- England ... think I would get over it . please -- forgive I ... I be quite all right now ... he sink back into he seat . grant help he with he harness . 157 int . miniaturization room we now see the sub for the first time beneath the surface of the saline solution : a small capsule submerge at a even keel , about one - fourth of the way down in the huge transparent container . the module on which the ampule rest now return to floor level . 158 int . miniaturization room - p.o.v. control tower from he vantage point above , Carter can barely see the capsule in the ampule . he glance at reid , who look up from the monitor and nod . carter ( to technician ) phase Three . the technician press a button on the < mini > panel , activate the < min > grid . the two blip flash on again , move down the < min dimen > and < min secs > co-ordinate . 159 < out > 160 the miniaturization room instantly the disc of the miniaturizer train on the ampule begin to glow again . the light be reflect on the entire surface of the saline solution . the low hum resume . 161 int . proteus again we first get the < subjective > view of the shrink process : grant and the other see everything rush away into a immensity of distance . and all the time the reflect light which have illuminate the interior of the sub be diminish . we see the reason : 162 int . miniaturization room the < objective > view : the ampule have shrink way below the miniaturizer . its far smaller size reflect only a spark of light . the sub be now only a particle , shrink with the ampule . the technician and nurse look on , group at the tripod which be beyond the range of the miniaturizer . 162a ext . proteus as the sub shrink to invisibility , disappear before we eye : 163 ext . ampule and proteus in its now fully reduce size , we see the ampule be actually a glass cylinder about two inch long and half - an-inch in diameter . 164 min grid - p.o.v. control tower with Carter we see the two blip merge and hold . instantly the light in the miniaturizer go off . the hum stop . a loud click be hear . all look up at : 165 closeup - electric minute recorder a big < 60 > flash on , and hold . ( note : we will see the same kind of clock , in vary size , in every set , flash on the passage of time in < minute > , from now to the end of the picture . ) 166 int . miniaturization room - p.o.v. control tower the Zero module now begin to rise above floor level . the ampule , on its reduce cork base , appear very tiny from this height . garter ( to wireless Operator ) inform proteus they be at full reduction . the technician tap out the proteus ' call letter . all wait , tense , for a response , as the tapping stop . they react , relieved , as they hear : 167 int . proteus grant tapping out reply . now , for the first time , we get the < microscopic > view of what all see from they various vantage point , distort through liquid and the glass wall . the light be dim , all be find it very hard to breathe in the unventilate craft . when the income message stop : grant [ line of dialogue CUT off ] 168 int . bubble owen glance at he wrist watch . then he flip a switch . he watch the button on he panel . none light up . there be a anxious moment . then the myriad light on the panel begin to glow dully . the Minute recorder on the panel begin to flash < 59 >. 169 int . proteus the light become brighter . cora , duval and michael react with relief . the ventilator come on , permit all to breathe easier . 170 int . bubble the button on the panel be now aglow . owen make a test : he touch a button which spin he seat , with the control panel before he , in a complete 360 degree turn within the bubble . 171 int . control tower after a brief message be hear come in : communications aide proteus on-power . with relief , Carter turn to reid . carter it 's all yours , Don . reid move from the monitor , press a button on the Control section . 172 int . miniaturization room as the technician at the tripod hear : reid' voice ( over loudspeaker ) phase four . the technician move the tripod so that the vertical arm be bring directly over the ampule and lower , until the two set of mechanical finger clamp the cylinder firmly . then the ampule be raise a few inch from its position on the module . the reduce cork base still encase the bottom . the nurse and a technician move to the ampule . he hold a small instrument case . 173 at ampule when they reach the clamp ampule , the technician open the case . the nurse take out a plunger . very carefully , she begin to insert it into the top of the ampule without disturbing the liquid . she then gently pull away the cork remain at the base of the ampule , revealing a small open in the center . but owe to the pressure above , the liquid do not run out . she take a needle out of the case and carefully fit it into the nipple . we now see the ampule be actually a hypodermic syringe . 174 int . miniaturization room - p.o.v. control tower ried and Carter watch as the tripod be carefully wheeled across the room . 175 the hypodermic needle - moving shot the saline solution in the cylinder be sloshing slightly , despite the great care of that move it . 176 int . proteus the sub be be rock , cause everyone to hold on for support . 177 int . bubble owen be try to keep a even keel with he control , now in full operation . 178 int . miniaturization room as two big door slide open for the tripod to pass through : 179 extreme closeup - radial line what appear to be a myriad number of radial line crossing each other to form tiny square over a dome surface be reveal to be : 180 bene ' head now shave clean , the head be grid-marked for stereo-encephalatomic measurement . in the background , the tripod be see be wheeled in . 181 int . operating room move with the hypodermic needle clamp in the tripod , we now get the full impact of the set : the floor be mark off for true North and South , with latitudinal and longitudinal line . the modern operate table be set so that bene ' head correspond with the exact position of the arterial head on the big grid map in the Main ops room . bene be lie under a thermal blanket , cover up to the collarbone . thin rubber pipe lead out from the blanket to the Central thermal unit under the operate table , out of the way of everyone . a team of gauze -masked surgeon and assistant stand group around the unconscious patient . in a semi-circle at the head of the bed , beyond the head , be a series of SMALL tracking device resembling radio - telescope . they be remotely control . the Minute recorder , in a prominent position now change from < 59 > to < 58 >. 182 int . operating room - p.o.v. control tower reid and Carter be look on . the Communications aide stand at he side . they see the clamp hypo roll up to the side of bene ' head and bring to a gentle stop . 183 bene and hypo a small circle mark the exact spot of the injection . a surgical aide swab the area with alcohol . 184 close shot - activator it be bring down mechanically by use of worm - gear on the tripod toward the plunger , engage it . 185 int . control tower reid , watch the proceedings below : reid ( to wireless Operator ) contact proteus -- 186 int . proteus grant take down the message as it come in . when message stop : grant ( loud enough for owen in bubble ) stand by for injection ! suddenly the sub begin to rock hard . all hold on . 187 int . bubble owen be manipulate control , try to keep a even keel . 188 int . operating room the hypodermic be be angle by the precision gear of the tripod for the exact degree of injection . when this be accomplish : 189 big closeup - bene ' neck the point of the needle approach the exact spot , which we now see be mark off by a tiny cross within the circle on the artery . 190 technician at tripod he press the mechanical activator which send the needle plunging into bene ' neck o.s. 191 int . control tower instantly a warning klaxon go off . it keep on for a few second , then stop . into the silence : reid track . a technician flip a switch . 192 int . tracking post - on MAIN monitor in control tower four technician be seat before they radar screen , which show flat electronic line , except one . this be pick up a blip . 192a int . control tower a technician at the Control panel throw on a switch . another tv screen next to the Main monitor go on , revealing : 192b close shot - blip on tv screen duplicate the blip see in the track Post . we see the blip be head down , at a angle identical with that of the hypo . camera move in on the blip , and keep move until it fill we entire screen and become : 193 ext . proteus - within the hypo dive at a terrific speed , steeply angle like the hypo , through the clear saline solution . 194 int . proteus all hold on as if riding a roller coaster at its steepest plunge . suddenly all go pitch -dark . 195 int . bubble only the button be glow , and the Minute recorder , which now read < 57 > . owen throw a switch . through the plastic window the headlight of the sub be see come on . they pierce the darkness sufficiently to catch the side of the steel wall of the needle , which be rush past at a tremendous speed , give the effect of a enclose channel . the beam gradually reveal : 196 hole of needle - p.o.v. bubble a small aperture in the distance , barely visible . 196a hole of needle - p.o.v. principal in kiosk grant and the other see the open at the end of the needle become bigger and bigger , apparently rush toward they with great speed . 196b ext . end of needle it fill the screen , a immense aperture in relation to the tiny sub which suddenly come shoot out of it . 197 - < out > 198 199 MAIN ops room - p.o.v. control tower reid and Carter observe the grid Officer , wear headphone and throat mike , move up to the arterial map with a tiny replica of the proteus . he place it in the center or the huge channel in the neck , which depict the carotid artery . the little sub be hold magnetically on the grid . the Minute recorder now read < 56 >. reid turn from the window , move to the map case , which contain the same assortment of chart as in the sub 's kiosk . reid take out a overlay map of the head and neck . he place it on a radarscope . the blip show it be travel up the carotid artery . 200 long shot - establishing - proteus in artery the headbeam of the speed sub reveal a world of dazzle color and beauty : the arterial stream . the wall of the vast amber- color chamber be lose in the distance . now the screen be fill with a float wonderland : huge red corpuscle , whirling globule , platelet , particle , minuscule fragment drift with the stream , reflect the entire spectrum of color . 201 int . bubble owen be slow down the sub . he gaze in awe at : 202 arterial element - through bubble as the proteus move through the swirl conglomeration , the element be parte , flow over the sub , bounce about it , form new fluid galaxy in a universe of amber . and each grouping and regroup , every mass and disc , though loosely link , have a < rhythm of its own >. thus the corpuscular drift , the bounce particle , the parting and the merge achieve a majestic choreography lyrical in quality , a fugue of motion . 203 int . proteus grant and cora , strapped in they seat , look on enthralled at the sheer beauty of the dance wonder - world visible through the window . duval appear equally move . michael observe with more clinical detachment . 204 int . bubble owen have now slowed down the sub so that it move slightly faster than the current , thus enable he to maintain maneuverability . owen you may unfasten you belt ... 205 int . proteus grant , cora and duval quickly slip out of they harness , move to the bow for a maximum view of the scene . michael remain at the console , check they course on the neck and head chart . 205a ext . proteus - head - on shot approach camera , with the three people look out of the bow window in speechless wonder at what they behold . 206 < out > 206a int . proteus - shoot over there back for a moment the three gaze in silent awe at the dance drift directly outside : nuclei be clearly visible in the cell ; variegate tiny organism sweep like cosmic dust through the orbit of the spin globule . they first sight of the interior world , with its beauty and rhythmic splendor have affect they deeply . finally break the silence : duval ( quietly , as he look on ) the medieval philosopher be right ... < man > be the center of the Universe ... we stand in the middle of infinity , between Outer and Inner Space . and there 's no limit to either . grant you mean Inner Space be endless ? duval everything can be divide in half , no matter how minute . as the concept sink in , grant turn to look out again . cora have never take she eye off what she see through the bow window . cora I never ... never imagine it could be anything ... like this . grant ( equally awed ) I always think it be nothing but red . duval only to the naked eye. ( indicate ) that corpuscle -- carry oxygen -- give the stream its color . but the rest of the plasma 's very much like sea water . a ocean of life ... grant quite a piece of plumbing . michael end-to-end , a hundred thousand mile long . grant react . of something up ahead : cora Dr. duval -- what could that be ? the sub be suddenly engulf by a mass of very tiny disc in chain - like combination , which blot out the rest of the stream . duval ( now the scientist ) never see < that > . not even under a electron-mrcroscope . cora they be much smaller than bacteria ... michael look like the molecular structure of protein . duval ( flatly ) I do not agree . I think we ought to stop and take a sample . michael that 's not the purpose of this mission . ( up at owen ) Captain -- keep a straight course -- until you be in the clear . 207 int . bubble steering by instrument , owen remain on course , the mass disc obstruct he view . suddenly they float off , revealing : owen arterial Wall to the right ! with he we see : 208 long shot - arterial wall barely visible in the spill of light , a smooth endothelial wall be see in the distance . 209 int . proteus michael consult he chart , bring the co-ordinate into place over two artery . michael ( up at bubble ) what 's we speed ? owen ' voice ( from bubble ) Fifteen knot . michael make a rapid calculation with he slide rule . michael we should reach the branch artery in two minute . he switch on the repeater . 210 int . bubble the same repeater device be now active on the panel , reflect the chart on the console below , with michael ' navigational calibrator point to the intersect artery . michael ' voice ( from below ) keep the Wall at its present distance when you turn . that will bring you safely into the middle of the branch . 211 ext . proteus - in artery it cruise for a moment through the dazzle element , the arterial Wall in the distance . then suddenly the sub accelerate and veer off course toward the arterial Wall . 212 int . bubble owen react , try to slow down the sub and steer it back into the middle of the channel . but the speed increase , and the sub continue be sweep toward the Wall . 213 int . proteus grant and the other respond to the ever-increasing speed and the near Wall . they turn to michael , who , too , be aware of the change . michael Captain -- correct you course -- and speed . 214 int . bubble increasingly concerned as he work the control and glance at the gauge : owen she will not respond ! we be in some sort of current ! 215 int . proteus duval move to michael . duval ( bewilder ) but that be not possible . michael not in a seal vessel like a artery . ( up at owen ) Captain -- something must be wrong with you control ! owens'voice ( from bubble ) no -- it 's a current ! it 's too strong -- I can not break out of it ! 216 int . bubble owen be try to gain control of the sub . it begin to vibrate . startle , owen peer out , try to determine the cause , but the beam reveal nothing ahead but a iridescent swirl of arterial element which bounce back the light . the buffete increase rapidly . the arterial Wall be clearly visible to the side , get closer . 217 int . proteus - in bow grant and cora exchange startle look as the membrane of the arterial Wall suddenly become visible in the spill of light from the headbeam : its connective strand arch gothic-like , lose in the darkness of the vault enclosure . the vibration have now increase so that all must hold onto stanchion for support . 218 duval and michael gripping the console for support . through the plastic window to the side they can see the arterial Wall loom with menace closeness . they look at each other , unable to fathom the cause of the now- great vibration . 219 int . bubble owen be desperately try to avoid a head - on collision with the Wall , but the sub will not respond to any of he manipulation . the Wall loom closer , the buffete be worse . 220 int . proteus smash into the Wall directly ahead seem inevitable . now the connective strand almost fill the window . cora close she eye , in anticipation of the fatal impact . and just when a collision appear inevitable , the sub veer , narrowly miss the cable - like strand , thick enough to support a bridge . 221 int . bubble - parallel to arterial wall with owen we see the sub sweep close alongside the Wall . it be evident the craft be out of he control , and that whatever avert the collision have nothing to do with he attempt to steer it . the swirl mass of particle up ahead begin to part . the vibration [ line of description CUT off ] 222 int . proteus grant react as he see the now-visible area ahead . grant whirlpool !... strap yourselves in ! he grab cora , and against the buffete , move quickly to help she toward she seat . duval and michael instantly take they seat at the console , begin get into they harness . 223 long shot - the whirlpool - p.o.v. bubble owen be appal as in the distance , in the center of the channel , he see what appear to be a immense liquid centrifuge rotate at great speed , the arterial element within it whipped about like the content of a mixmaster . now the buffete be reach its climax . the sub be inexorably approach the rim of the whirlpool , with owen desperately try to steer away from it . 224 int . proteus duval and michael be in they harness . 225 grant and cora slow up by the intense buffete , grant be now help cora into she seat . but before he can assist she into the harness , the sub be catch in the whirlpool . the instant effect be that of a Carnival whip . the centrifugal force fling cora out of she seat against the bulkhead . grant be spun around and slam against the opposite part of the bulkhead , and then onto the floor , with stun impact . 226 duval and michael pin back in they seat , unable to get out and help as they see : 227 grant and cora helpless in the whiplike rotation , cora be thrust from the bulkhead onto the floor . grant manage to grab a stanchion , hold on . with he free hand he reach out for cora , now prone on the floor . she extend she hand , but a foot separate they . they desperately reach out to each other as the centrifugal force pull they farther and farther apart ... grant take the only possible chance or reach she : he let go of the stanchion which send he slamm against the base of the seat . he grip the leg of the seat with one hand and grab cora 's waist with the other , just in time to prevent she from again be flung against the bulkhead . she hold onto he with all she strength . grant strain to maintain he grip on the leg of the seat with he free hand , which in effect hold they both against the centrifugal whipping . 228 int . bubble - to include whirlpool owen , too , be thrust back in he seat , powerless to move . the sub be completely at the mercy of the whirlpool . a gauge on the panel be register in circle . 229 ext . proteus in whirlpool - long shot rotating at great speed , a tiny piece of flotsam catch in a cataclysmic force which be inexorably spin it toward the vortex . 230 int . sub - cut of principal reacting to the roar of the massive turbulence and the whirling stream , which be see through the window . the centrifugal force keep they pin to they position , with grant hold onto cora as before . 231 ext . proteus - nearing vortex it be whipped around and down in the final circle -- and disappear through the rapidly rotate center ... 232 int . proteus the steeply angle dive cause great strain on grant as he keep he grip on cora . duval and michael be now thrust forward as if they be in a gondola of a shoot - the-shoot make its steepest descent . 233 int . bubble in a similarly forward - tilt position , with owen we see the stream whipping by in a seemingly endless drop . and then ahead there suddenly appear : 234 long shot - fissure in arterial wall - p.o.v. bubble a immense crack through which some red corpuscle be stream in a eddy . 235 int . proteus from they prone position on the floor , grant and cora react to the huge fissure loom through the window . duval and michael exchange look , suddenly realize what it signifies . now the immense crack be directly ahead . 236 ext . proteus - fissure from within vein as the tiny sub be sweep out into the stream , where the blue corpuscle be . through the crack , a stream of red corpuscle be whipping by on the other side . the angle of the dive now become less oblique . 237 int . bubble the sub be catch in a less turbulent current , which result in its gradually lose its angle and speed , permit owen to steer it away from the center toward a more placid area . 238 int . proteus the sub be now level , move much slower . exhausted from the ordeal , grant see it be safe to let go of cora . he help she rise . she stare daze at the bluish stream . duval and michael , equally spend , begin to get out of they harness . 238a extreme close shot - bene ' neck pan over to the miniature track device . 238b two radar screen - int . tracking post - MAIN ops room the blip go from one machine to the other , where it do not belong . the track technician react , instantly press a button . 239 int . control tower a warning buzz from a tv monitor . reid and Carter respond to the SOUND . the Communications aide come over to they . communications aide proteus off course , sir . they have pick up a blip in quadrant 23 , level B. reid move quickly to the window overlook the Main Operations room , follow by Carter . 240 < out > 241 MAIN ops room - p.o.v. control tower both see the grid Officer below move the replica of the sub from the carotid artery to another channel near it within a quadrant mark 23 . the channel be outline in blue . reid ( jolted ) they have cross over into the jugular vein ! carter that can not be -- there 's no direct connection between the two -- reid normally not . unless it 's a arterio- venous fistula -- 242 int . proteus grant , cora and duval be group around michael at the chart . in the distance , the endothelial wall of the jugular vein be vaguely visible . grant ( blankly ) a what ? michael a force join of a artery and vein . must have happen when bene be hurt . duval yes , a fistula too small to show up on the x-ray . cora but big enough for we ... in the stream outside , the bluish corpuscle be increase in number . michael ( up at bubble ) Captain -- head back into the artery . 243 int . bubble as if it be a suicidal order : owen ( brook no argument ) we could never fight that current it 's physically impossible . michael ' voice ( from below ) then do not drift down further . owen I will do what I can . as he manipulate the control : 244 int . proteus grant if we can not go back , be there a alternate route ? michael yes ... we can go forward on this course , but it mean go directly through the heart . 245 int . bubble owen be appal as he see the route be trace on the repeater , down the jugular vein toward the heart . before it can go any further : owen ( alarmed ) we can not do that ! we decide in the briefing -- the craft could never stand the turbulence ! 246 int . proteus michael look up from the chart , to the other . michael yes , it would be a hundred time worse than the whirlpool . the other respond with grim realization of what it portend . grant that 's just dandy . we can not go forward -- and we can not go back . michael I be afraid there 's only one thing we can do . call off the mission . cora ( emotionally ) Doctor ... you can not mean that ! not when we have come this far . and if we give up , there will be no way of save Mr. bene -- duval Dr. michael be right . we have no choice . michael ( to grant ) tell they to take we out . grant if there 's any chance -- michael ( a order ) request removal , Mr. grant . as grant move to the wireless : 247 int . control tower Carter and reid be look down into the MAIN ops room at the replica of the proteus . it be in the same position as last see in the jugular vein on the big grid . reid but we have no choice ! we have get , to take they out ! carter ( adamantly ) no ... he turn away from the window as a message be hear come in . with seem unawareness of the income message , Carter look at the Minute recorder , it be flash < 51 >. carter we still have fifty - one minute . leave they in . reid but it 's hopeless ! they can not go back and they can not go on . I tell you there 's nothing else we can do but remove they ! carter ( the final word ) not until the very last second . we must think of something ... something to save the situation . the income message stop . the Communications aide take it from the wireless technician . communications aide ( read ) proteus report trap in venous system . request removal , sir . reid well , there it be ... what do I tell they , General ? Carter turn he back on he , move to the window , stand look down on the operating room . the scene below be almost a tableau , except for the move miniature track device . the surgical team around the table stand watch , wait . bene lie motionless . reid join Carter . as they both look down at the patient , whose only chance of life be now in they hand : carter ( finally ) Doctor ... without kill he -- how long could we stop he heart ? reid the less time , the better . carter I know that . but what 's the maximum ? reid in he comatose state ... and everything slowed down ... no more than sixty second . Carter take out a slide rule . carter ( as he figure ) at topspeed ... and adjust distance for Degree of miniaturization -- ( get answer ) the sub should get through the heart in fifty - seven second . reid that would give we only three second to revive he ... carter what be the problem in stop the heart ? reid nothing -- compare to start it up again . from the window , Carter can see the big Minute recorder in the operate room flash from < 51 > to < 50 >. carter we be waste time , Colonel . let 's get on with it . the decision make , reid take command . reid ( to technician ) heart . technician press monitor button . as Carter move to the Communications aide , the heart post flash on the tv screen . reid ( to heart Post ) < cardiac Red alert > we be stop the heart . carter ( to Communications aide ) message to proteus . now both give they order simultaneously . as reid speak , we can see the heart post swing into action on the tv screen : the big x-ray of bene light up on panel , a cathode tube recording he heartbeat become activate . the heart specialist and several heart technician be see leave the post . meanwhile , the Communications aide be take down Carter 's message for transmission . carter reid you be head in the a arterio- venous fistula have opposite direction of the force the proteus into the target Area , as a result of venous system . at this moment , crossing over into the jugular it be in the lateral cervical vein . since you be in a Region , anterior to the close system , you will have anterior to the cervical to go through the heart and plexus . the haemo-dynamics of proceed on you mission by the venous system be at take a alternate route . we absolutely minimum level . it will stop bene ' heart for would be fatal to further exactly sixty second . decrease the rate of flow by maintain maximum speed , you hypothermic mean . in order to will get through in fifty - minimize the turbulence , we seven second . that will give will have to arrest the heart . we three second to spare in the proteus will proceed to which to revive he . stand by the entrance of the right for exact instruction -- atrium -- 248 - < out > 250 251 int . operating room reid 's Voice be hear as the heart technician rig bene for electric shock with a cardio-verter . they be remove the top third of the thermal blanket . when he chest be expose , they apply electrode to it . then the technician take they place at the various cardiac Instruments which be recording the pulse and configuration of the heartbeat . the last be visible on the big cathode tube of the cardioscope , a replica of which be see in the heart Post . 251a int . proteus all be listen to grant read the end of the message . grant -- at which point the heart will be stop by electric shock . cora ( into the silence ) and if it should take more time to get through -- duval ( flatly ) we can not take a second more . michael ( up at bubble ) Captain -- head in the d1rection of the flow and drift with it . he take out a detailed cardiac map . 252 int . bubble through the repeater , owen can see michael spread the cardiac map . he react to its great complexity . owen I will never find my way through that . michael I will guide you , once we be in the heart . 253 ext . proteus drifting down the jugular vein . 254 < out > 255 int . MAIN ops room the grid Officer can be see move the replica of the proteus down the jugular vein . 255a int . control tower Carter and reid be look down at bene in the operating room . 256 int . operating room bene be now rig for electric shock . the track device be concentrate on he chest . the heart specialist look at the cardioscope screen . the big screen register the beat of the heart with a cathode - tube effect , each pulsation cause a electronic pattern . they be very slow , regular . the heart specialist nod to one of he technician who wear headphone . the latter press a button . 257 - < out > 260 261 int . control tower a warning buzzer sound . the Communications aide move up to reid and Carter at the track Station monitor and radarscope . communications aide ready for cardiac shock ... reid nod , acknowledge the message . as he remove the map off the radarscope , Carter take out a overlay map of the heart from the map case and place it on the radarscope . the blip be see progress down the vena cava , lead to the entrance of the heart . reid ( press button ) stand by . Carter take out a stop watch . 262 < out > 263 int . proteus grant and the other respond as they begin to hear the SOUND of a distant boom - boom , slow and measure . it have a ominous effect . it quickly get louder during : cora ( in awe ) listen ... the heart . michael yes ... slowed down agreat deal . grant sound like heavy artillery ... michael it lay down quite a barrage in a lifetime . forty million beat . duval ( quietly ) and every beat separate a man from [ line of dialogue CUT off ] 264 ext . proteus - in vena cava the SOUND of the heart be now very loud , each measure boom like heavy artillery in a relentless barrage . the headbeam illuminate the long passage , the wall of which be lose to view . 265 int . proteus grant and the other look on ahead , respond to the now - deafen beat , which increase as they near the source in the bluish channel . and then they react with wonder as they see : 266 long shot - tricuspid valve - p.o.v. proteus in the distance , three huge membrane be billow open , with tendril resembling support strand of parachute . 267 ext . proteus - in the atrium the parachute - like membrane be at the end of the atrium , the entrance of which the sub now approach . as the membrane blossom fully , with a lovely effect , a big aperture be reveal . the dilation cause a big forward surge of the stream . 268 int . proteus all hold onto whatever be at hand as the sub be sweep onward , rock with the tidal wave . now in the distance they can see : 269 long shot - tricuspid valve - p.o.v. proteus it be beginning to close , the three membrane seemingly collapse like three parachute over the aperture . the boom of the beat heart be massive , make any communication very difficult . michael ( over the sound ; up at bubble ) Captain ! they will stop it on the next beat ! 270 int . bubble owen at the control , eye on the now - close membrane , as he hear : michael ' voice ( from below ) as soon as the valve open again , go through and give it everything you have get ! 271 tricuspid valve - p.o.v. bubble the sub approach the now seemingly solid wall . owen steer directly to where he last see the aperture . the close membrane loom closer and closer , the headbeam illuminate the delicately thread strand . suddenly , the three membrane start billow open again . 272 the cardioscope screen the electronic pattern be recording the beat . 273 the cardio - verter and technician he immediately press the triggers on two electrode hold against bene ' chest . 274 ampere needle on cardio -verter the needle swing over into the red zone . 275 the cardioscope screen the electronic pattern indicate the heartbeat instantly flatten out and remain so . 276 int . bubble owen be throw on the full - speed - ahead control . the sound of the heart have completely stop . 277 ext . exhaust jets a surge from the twin jet as the sub be propel forward with a tremendous burst of power . 278 int . proteus all hang on against the acceleration . 279 proteus in tricuspid valve as it sweep through the now-motionless membrane which wave limply in the stream , with no life of they own . 280 int . operating room a tense silence pervade . the heart specialist and he technician concentrate on the various instrument . the surgical team stand by , immobile . 281 tracking device the little cone be the only thing that move in the operate room . as they weave back and forth : 282 stop watch calibrate in second . the hand be now crossing < 5 >. 283 int . control tower in the silence , Carter look up from the stop watch in hand to check with the big radar screen . move across the overlay map of the heart be a blip , indicate the sub 's passage . 284 < out > 285 ext . proteus - in right ventricle Racing through a subterranean channel partially illuminate by the headbeam : a forest of tendril , connect huge root which be the chordae tendineae extend into the wall . the color of the stream be predominately blue , and the overall effect be that of a weird wonderland . as the sub surge ahead at top speed : 286 int . operating room everyone stand roote . 287 int . control tower - heart map overlay on radar screen the blip have cross more than half the distance . Carter and reid look on , tense . the proteus move further down the ventricle . Carter glance at he stop watch . carter twenty - four second leave include the three to revive he . 288 < out > 289 int . proteus michael be anxiously scan the way ahead for sign of a open . there be none . owen ' voice ( from above ) nineteen second , Doctor . michael the semi-lunar valve should be on we leave any time now . 290 int . control tower reid and Carter be tensely watch the heart map overlay , as the time run out and the sub be near the end . Carter look at the stop watch . it now show only fifteen second to go , which mean they must be out in twelve . 291 < out > 292 int . operating room the heart specialist be watch the blip near the end of the radar screen , with time run out . the heart technician stand before the cardio- verter stand immobile , look at the needle which be at Zero ampere . 293 - < out > 294 295 ext . proteus - in right ventricle Racing at top speed through the immobile forest of tendril . 296 int . proteus suddenly , off to the side , grant see a small open , half - moon in shape . grant there it be ! michael fasten yourselves in . there should be a tremendous surge when the heart start up again . duval if it do ... grant throw he a look as they quickly start to get into they harness . 297 int . bubble steering for the open , owen glance at the second recorder on the panel . owen eight second leave -- 298 int . control tower on edge , reid and Carter be watch the blip on the overlay map of the heart on the radarscope . if the sub make it , it will be exactly in 57 second . there be now only six second leave . 299 < out > 300 int . operating room all be focus on the radarscope . five second leave . heart specialist stand by . the technician at the cardio- verter be set to press the red button . 301 int . control tower Carter and reid hold they breath as they see : 302 stop watch it now read < 56 >. 303 < out > 304 overlay map of the heart as the blip approach the semi-lunar valve , a warning buzzer sound . 305 int . operating room - red button of cardio -verter a finger press it . 306 pulse rate needle on cardio -verter it swing over , recording the first shock . 307 cardioscope screen the cathode tube register nothing . 308 heart specialist at cardio -verter concerned , he never take he eye off the cardio-scope screen . he increase the pulse rate . 309 < out > 310 cardioscope screen it still record nothing . the heart technician and the surgical team exchange tense look . again the heart specialist increase the pulse rate . 311 - < out > 312 313 pulse rate needle on cardio -verter as it swing over , recording a higher and higher output . 314 ext . proteus - in right ventricle bath in weird St. elmo 's fire as it keep racing toward : 315 semi -lunar valve which suddenly dilate into a huge open . and with it come a immense surge of the stream from behind , and the first boom of the heart . 316 ext . proteus it be sweep through the semi-lunar valve and into : 317 orifice of pulmonary artery - shoot toward semi - lunar valve out of which the proteus be thrust on a great tidal wave of the bluish stream . 318 int . operating room - cardioscope the electronic pattern be on full -- a leap of life . the heart specialist and the other react with relief as now the ekg and the other instrument begin recording bene ' return from the dead . 319 < out > 320 int . control tower reid and Carter be at the window overlook the operating room . communications aide proteus in quadrant 161 level E ... they leave the window and walk over to the one where they can view the MAIN ops room . they see the grid Officer be move the tiny sub into the wide channel lead to the lung . carter they're in the pulmonary artery . reid they will make up some time , once they get through that and reach the pleural cavity . ( to technician ) respiration Post ... on the monitor next to reid , a technician flash on the interior of the respiration post . the calibrate chart mark inhalation and exhalation indicate the return to breathe . reid what 's he rate , Jack ? lung specialist ( over tv ) back to six per minute . reid reach out , knock a cup of coffee off the Central Control section , spilling it on he trousers . reid damn . and I just have they clean . 321 - < out > 322 323 ext . proteus - in pulmonary artery it be now flow down to its normal speed . through the smooth endothelial wall , we see the outline of what appear to be a maze of mammoth conduit arching above and beneath the channel through which the sub be proceeding . smaller conduit divide and subdivide from the circular immensity , to be lose in the distance . the effect be that of a multi-level series of over and underpass . 324 int . proteus all be out of they harness . grant , duval and cora be at the bow window , look out . michael be at the console , plotting they position on a detailed map of the lung . grant I would hate to get lose on that freeway ... duval they all lead to the same place -- the lung . 325 int . bubble in the light of the headbeam , owen can see the wall become increasingly narrow and more transparent . he glance at he repeater , see the lung chart reflect , with the co-ordinate pinpoint they position . owen Doctor -- the channel 's get awful narrow . michael ' voice ( from below ) we be enter a capillary . remain in the middle . owen ( fascinate ) the Wall 's transparent ... michael ' voice ( from below ) it 's less than one ten-thousandth of a inch thick . and porous . 326 int . proteus - at window grant react as he see a peculiar phenomenon : the big-bluish corpuscle which stream past the submarine be turn bright red the instant they impinge against the capillary Wall . they keep move on , in a constant flow , take on they new color during : grant ( amaze ) look at that ... they be change color ... cora ( thrilled ) Doctor -- be it possible ? that we be see it happen before we eye ? duval ( quietly ) yes , cora ... we be the very first to see the < live > process . they both look out , too deeply move to speak . atter a moment : grant mind let I in on what 's go on out there ? duval a simple exchange , Mr. grant . corpuscle release carbon dioxide -- the moment they touch the Wall of the lung -- in return for oxygen come through from the other side . grant do not tell I they be refueling ... duval ( almost in a reverie ) oxygenation ... cora turn to look at he , feel close in this share moment . grant , too , be move by duval 's manner . michael glance up from the lung map . duval ( still gaze out ) we have know it exist -- even though we never see it ... like the structure of the atom ... but to actually behold one of the miracle of the Universe -- the engineering of the cycle of a breath ... he be too move to continue . michael ( into the silence ) nothing miraculous about it . just a interchange of gas . the end product of five hundred million year of evolution . duval you can not believe all that 's accidental ? that there be not a Creative Intelligence at work -- before michael can answer , they hear a warning buzzer SOUND in the bubble above . 327 int . bubble the buzzer be go while a red light be flash on the panel . owen look startle at : 328 pressure gauge on panel the indicator be drop rapidly toward a red horizontal line delineate the danger level . owen flick the button off and on rapidly , as if testing the mechanism , but the indicator keep drop . he shut off the buzzer . owen ( imperatively ) grant . 329 int . proteus all look up toward the bubble , at the urgency of he tone . grant move from the bow toward the console during : grant what be it , skipper ? owen ' voice ( trom bubble ) we be lose pressure in the flotation tank . check the manual , right over there . grant can see he point to the manual Control section at the rear of the kiosk . grant right . he move quickly to : 330 manual control section over a series of control be numerous gauge . the indicator mark tank rt and tank lt show the leave tank be rapidly lose pressure . grant ( up at bubble ) the leave tank 's lose pressure . 331 int . bubble owen press a button and swivel around . with he we see : 332 p.o.v . - ext . stern of proteus a stream of large air bubbles be pour out behind they . 333 int . bubble startle , owen press the button which swivel he back . owen grant ! get up here , quick ! he start get out of he harness . 334 int . proteus as grant move toward the bubble , he pass duval and cora , who be now look toward the stern . cora ( with apprehension ) Air bubbles !... Doctor -- duval no danger of a embolism . at we reduce scale , they be much too minute to prove fatal to bene . 335 int . bubble as grant appear , owen be slip out of he harness . owen there 's a short in the valve . take over . ( of control ) steer like a airplane . grant nod as he get into the seat . owen start quikly down the kiosk , leave grant at the control . 336 int . proteus cora and duval , at the window , watch anxiously as owen move to the manual Control panel . michael remain at the console , also deeply concerned . owen open the circuit panel , revealing a maze of wire and circuit breaker . only someone with a intimate knowledge of the sub could posslbly find the right one . owen do quickly . he trip a switch , shut the panel . he turn , see they anxious look . owen well , that take care of the valve . it be probably cause by that electric shock . michael ( to owen ) be there any damage ? owen not to the valve . but we have lose too much air to make it the rest of the way . duval what do you propose we do , Captain ? owen nothing we can do . we must have full tank to continue . he start up toward the bubble , leave the three stare at each other in consternation . 337 - < out > 338 339 int . bubble as grant slip out of the seat and owen resume at control : grant any reserve air ? owen enough to breathe , but that 's all . grant start down . 340 int . proteus he step into the cabin in time to hear : duval ( ironically ) just a few cell away from a vast air chamber -- one of the countless alvioli of the lung -- and we can not get enough to fill a microscopic tank . grant maybe we can ... ( as they look at he in bewilderment ) skipper , be there a snorkel on this sub ? owen ' voice ( from bubble ) yes , there be . grant ( to michael and duval ) could I run a tube through that Wall , without harm bene ? michael at this size , I would certainly think so . grant if that corpuscle can take on air , no reason why we can not . ( to duval ) all we have to do be hook up the snorkel to that air chamber you be talk1ng about , and when bene inhale , there should be plenty of pressure to force the oxygen into the tank . ( up at owen ) how 's that sound to you , skipper ? 341 int . bubble as owen consider the possibility : owen it 's a dangerous procedure . if I miss the timing , we could explode the tank ... but I be willing to try it . 342 int . proteus michael yes , by all mean . we must try it . owen ' voice ( from bubble ) it will be safer if everybody leave the sub . grant move to the aft compartment , open the door , go into : 343 int . lab and storage section as he move to compartment contain the underwater gear , he be jolted by something he see o.s . 344 laser over working counter it be swinging loose on one hook , its plastic cover off . 345 int . lab and storage section grant take a step toward it , stop . grant cora ! after a moment , she appear . she follow he look toward the laser , react aghast . grant look like you do not batten it down too well . cora but I do . I be positive ! duval and michael appear in the doorway in time to hear : grant then how come it work loose ? cora I have no idea . duval cora , be something wrong with the laser ? cora ( distraught ) I do not know yet , Doctor . and I will not know until I test it . grant that will have to wait until after we be refuele . as he take out the underwater gear and pass it to the three : cora ( righting laser ) I can not imagine how it possibly could have come loose . I distinctly recall fasten it with all four bolt -- michael it must have be jarre loose during the whirlpool . grant and michael exchange look , as if neither be satisfied with the explanation . grant ( of gear ) well , let 's get into this as quickly as possible . he lead the way out . michael and duval follow . Left alone , cora start to unzip she jumper , revealing she be wear she swim suit beneath . her eye remain on the laser , now she prime source of anxiety ... 345a int . MAIN ops room start on the grid map , we see the sub in the channel of the pulmonary artery . camera then tilt down to the radarscope , where the blip be blink on and off in one place , without move . 346 int . control tower on the monitor at the map table , we see the interior of the tracking post , where the same blip be in the identical stationary position on the radarscreen . pull back to include reid stare at the blip on the monitor . Carter be pace on the other side of the table . reid they have stop -- on the outer limit of the right lung ... Carter look at the Minute recorder . it read < 42 >. carter another delay ... with only forty - two minute leave . reid it will be close -- but there 's still a margin of safety . carter let 's find what the devil 's hold they up ! ( to wireless technician ) contact the proteus ! as the message be hear be tapped out : reid ( glance at monitor ; none be on ) it must be some kind of mechanical difficulty . the tapping stop . as they wait for a answer , Carter pour a stream of sugar into he coffee . reid I tell you to cut down on the sugar . carter I can not help it . I be just weak , I guess . 347 - < out > 349 350 int . proteus - at door of escape hatch all have step out of they jumper and be now reveal in they swim suit except owen , who remain in the bubble . the suit be form -fitting , antiseptic-look , with a breather pack strapped to the back . duval be tightening cora 's pack . grant be check michael ' pack . the latter look in rear at the small hatch , visible through the open door . the wireless start tapping again . cora ( of tapping wireless ) should not you answer that ? grant ( put on swim mask ) not now . we need air , not greeting ! he motion michael to precede he into the hatch . face reflect he irrational fear , michael put he swim mask over he fear . but he freeze at the door , unable to step into the small hatch . grant and duval exchange look . grant let 's go , Doctor . michael force himself into the escape hatch . grant follow , close the door . 351 int . escape hatch there be only space for the two . michael cower against the wall , palm press against the metal , fight against another seizure of he phobia . grant open a valve . liquid start pour into the hatch from several port . when it be up to they chin , grant bend down to unlock the ventral hatch . 352 ext . proteus grant drop out of the hatch . michael follow . grant then close the hatch . with grant in the lead , they swim toward : 353 ext . top of proteus grant reach the snorkel , look toward bubble . 354 int . bubble where owen have now swivel so that he face the stern . owen see grant signal to proceed . owen press button on snorkel release . 355 ext . proteus the snorkel start rise . when the tube be a few foot above the sub , grant take the bob end , hold it under one arm , and start swim with he free arm toward the capillary Wall on the leave . 356 ext . side of proteus as grant swim by with the end of the unreel tube , michael join he . then duval and cora , who be now come out of the ventral hatch . all swim to the nearby capillary Wall . ( note : during the follow , they action be complicated by the big corpuscle flow by in a steady stream , take on oxygen and bump into they . ) they reach : 357 ext . alveolar crevice it shimmer with the liquid that seem to cover it like a door of reflect glass . the open be just large enough for all to look within . they see : 358 int . alveolus a vast conical volcano , the upper part lose to view . numerous outcropping of immense crag be visible on all side . grant it 's full of rock ! ( note : during all swim sequence , we will hear the speaker 's Voice < only > via the audio pickup within the swim mask of the one who respond vocally . ) michael in a way -- yes . that be impurity imbed in the lung after a lifetime of ' civilization . ' carbon from smoke and smog -- speck of dust -- grant well , we better get on with it . he start shove the front of the snorkel through the vertical liquid entrance . to he startle surprise , it immediately come fly out with great force . michael and duval grab it in time to prevent the snorkel from snake off down the stream . michael careful ! there be a tremendous air pressure in there -- in relation to we size ! grant grab hold or the front part again . grant I will try to hold it from the other side of the wall , while you push from out here . maybe that will do it . cora you can not -- it 's too dangerous -- michael yes -- with all that pressure , and suction within -- grant there 's no other way . tie my safety line to the sub . duval here , let I have it . grant take out he safety line , hook it onto he suit . duval start swim with the other end back to the proteus . 359 int . bubble owen be eyeing the pressure gauge anxiously . he react as he see : 360 ext . proteus - p.o.v. bubble with owen we see duval be near the sub , the safety line strung out behind he . 361 ext . proteus - at ventral hatch duval hook grant 's safety line onto a ring for the purpose , signal : 362 ext . alveolus crevice grant acknowledge signal . the alveolar Wall can be see dilating slightly . grant all right now -- push the snorkel through as soon as I get inside . michael ( eye on Wall ) Walt for the lull -- between the time he inhale and exhales . as the dilating stop : michael < now >! grant push quickly through the shimmer entrance . 363 int . alveolus he have literally transpose himself into another element : air . there be no turbulence , no sound . instantly he prop he foot against both side of the entrance . the snorkel be shove through . as he grab it and hold , a breath be hear start . only grant can hear the ensue sound . 364 capillary side of alveolus duval now join michael and cora . they hold against the increase pressure from within . grant can be see strain on the other side against the enormous wind pressure . 365 int . bubble owen ' finger be on the button of the master pressure gauge , wait . tha indicator be quickly swinging toward full . 366 int . alveolus the wind be rise to gale force . grant be hold on with all he strength to the end of the snorkel . the other can be see push from they side , to keep the tube from fly out . 367 master pressure gauge as the indicator hit the full position : 368 AIR tank control button owen ' finger press down while : owen ' voice ( o.s. ) full ! 369 int . alveolus in response , grant let go of the snorkel , which be instantly whipped out . buffete by the howling wind , he now try to get out . but the hurricane cause grant to lose he balance . he fall , slam against the outcropping by the force of the wind . finally the lull come . instantly , grant start climb back , hand over hand , use the rope as one would in scale a mountain . the crevice be still far up ahead when suddenly a new breath start in the upward direction . grant be catch in the tremendous suction of the exhalation and be pull toward the interior of the lung . 370 safety clasp on sub ring the Safety clasp break off at the end of the nylon . 371 ext . alveolus crevice michael , duval and cora react as the line snake past they through the crevice . cora ( horrify ) he 's go ! 372 int . alveolus the suction send grant fly upward , past the crevice , with the safety line trail after he . the wind whip he toward a fantastic height . finally he hit : 373 columnar cilia Long stalk , with a wave motion that make it resemble a vast field of wheat . grant be see fly through it , until he be lose from view . then as the wind subside : 374 ext . alveolus crevice the three be wait , tense . duval ( to michael ) what can we do ? michael nothing -- against all that force . cora but we just can not leave he in there ! what will happen to he ? michael we will know -- in the next breath ... they react as they see the alveolar Wall start to dilate again , signal the advent of another breath . 375 int . alveolus - shoot up the wind start howling . and then grant be see at a vast height , plummete down . part of the way he hit a spongy area , bounce , be catch up again by the blast wind , hit another spongy section , with a big outcropping of " rock . " 376 ext . outcropping Fighting the gale , he manage to snake he safety line around the big rock . as he hang on , he see : 377 p.o.v . - principal and sub - through crevice not too far above , with rock between . 378 grant he wait it out until the howling tornado subside . then in the lull , he release himself quickly and clamber toward the open . he thrust himself through the crevice , just as another breath begin . 379 ext . alveolus crevice the other grab he , pull he through all the way before he can be suck back . 380 ext . capillary wall - p.o.v. bubble owen be relieved to see the four start swim back to the sub . 381 int . control tower Carter be pace in the heavy silence . reid be watch the monitor . Carter glance at the Minute recorder . it flash to < 37 >. suddenly the tapping start . tense , they wait for the message . it be brief . as the wireless Operator tear it off the pad , Carter take it . carter ( read ) ' proteus report put in to refuel air . proceed through the pleural cavity . ' ( suddenly realize ) refuel air ? as reid start to remove the overlay map of the heart from the radarscope : reid why not ? they have a choice of over a billion alveoli ... 382 long shot - proteus in pleural cavity the lone voyager be proceeding in a calm sea . its headbeam reflect a yellowish cast , which become increasingly warm and sunny during the scene . 383 int . bubble owen glance at the repeater . the co-ordinate show the sub be travel toward the apex of the pleura , to the north , which be bound by a undefine area simply mark " lymphatic . " a sense of absolute serenity seem to pervade . abruptly : 384 smashed laser transistor as it be place on the edge of a array of disassembled part . 385 int . lab section - workbench cora be put the tiny transistor down . then , with a tweezers , she take out the last part : a hair-like strand of wire . to duval , who be beside she : cora and a break trigger - wire ... 386 int . lab and storage section grant and michael be stand at the doorway , reacting to : duval ( finger the part ) a smashed transistor . no way to fire the lamp ... well , that 's the end of the laser . grant and michael exchange look . grant ( to cora ) you must carry spare part -- cora not anything build into the chassis . ( with guilt ) if it have not come loose -- michael that 's beside the point now . ( to duval ) I do not see the sense of go on . cora we must ! michael with no laser -- grant ( to duval ) be not there another surgical procedure you can try ? duval no , there 's no other way . before michael can answer , grant squeeze into the compartment , pick up the break transistor . grant ( to cora ) if you have a transistor about this size and power output , and a thin enough wire -- ( of laser ) -- could you piece it together ? cora no , it require such absolute precision -- grant a surgeon might ... cora oh yes , I be sure Dr. duval could . if we have the part . grant I have get a source . all I have to do be tap it . at they blank look , he turn and move into : 387 int . proteus as he go to the wireless and begin to unscrew the panel , michael suddenly realize : michael grant -- wait a minute -- you be not go to dismantle the wireless ? grant just one little transistor and a circuit wire be all it take . michael but that will knock out we communication ! we will be cut ourselves off from the outside . grant they will still be able to track we by radar , because of the radioactive fuel . he move to the panel , revealing a maze of electronic part . grant well , sir ? which be it ? the wireless , or bene ' life ? michael ( finally ) send the follow message ... 387a < out > 388 int . control tower a lung overlay map be now on the radarscope . reid and Carter see the grid Officer be move the replica of the proteus into the next quadrant of the pleural cavity . a income message be hear . the wireless Operator take down the message . as the tapping stop : carter ( read ) ' cannibalize wireless to repair laser . this be last message . ' reid and Carter exchange grim look . carter incommunicado ... now they be really on they own . reid move to the window overlook the operating room . as he look down on bene and the little track device weaving back and forth across he chest : reid ( quietly ) we can still track they -- but that 's all we can do . Carter join he . as they both look down : carter something tell I I get into the wrong end of the bus1ness . ( answer look ) < Inner > Space ... 389 < out > 390 tiny transistor and strand of wire in the palm of grant 's hand . cora 's finger delicately pick up both . coral voice ( o.s . ) the transistor will do . but the wire 's much too thick . 391 int . lab and storage section duval be pick up the original wire with the tweezers and place it on a contrast surface during : grant nothing closer . as cora turn to the workbench : duval I may be able to scrape it thin enough . cora , get I a number eleven scalpel . she put the transistor and wire down on the workbench and move to open a medical kit . duval take the wire and place it between two small clamp on the workbench . cora extract a scalpel , give it to he . duval swing a magnify glass over the strand as cora train a light on the wire . duval bend over . peer through the magnify glass , he slowly begin to scrape the strand with the scalpel . 392 grant and michael they exchange look . then grant turn away . 393 int . proteus grant lead the way to the bow . as they look out : grant look like the sea , at dawn . michael we be safe -- long as it remain that color ... ( answer look ) we be in the pleural sac. ( indicate arched dome far above ) it keep the lung from rub against the Wall of the chest up there . when that membrane become inflame , we wind up with pleurisy -- and a wrack cough . grant cough ? if he can kick up a storm by just < breathe > -- michael his pleura 's in fine condition . it should be clear sailing through this area . grant let 's hope ... so far , somebody 's try to sabotage this mission twice . he glance back in the direction of duval . both drop they voice so that duval and cora can not hear : michael ( startle ) sabotage ? I do not understand ... grant I see the laser just before we start . it be fastened down securely . you do not suppose what happen be a ' accident ? ' any more than my safety line snap after it be tie off to the sub ? michael you have no right to blame duval -- grant that line be tampere with ... michael ( agitate ) I -- I do not know what to say . I know he 's under a cloud , but there 's not a more dedicated man in the entire medical profession . grant you still never know what 's go on in anyone 's mind ... michael ( with finality ) I can not believe it . whatever happen be a accident . grant two in a row ? michael it 's possible -- grant look at the Minute recorder . it now read < 32 >. grant thirty - two minute leave ... ( back to michael ) but chance be we will not have to wait that long for try-number three . owen ' voice ( from above ) look at that wall up ahead ! grant and michael look out through the bow . grant react amaze as he see : 394 entrance of lymphatic duct - p.o.v. bow a huge tube- like structure loom up . the wall be transparent , compose of a single layer of squamous cell with round nuclei . since the color of the stream be now predominately yellow , the glob create the impression of innumerable : granth voice ( o.s. ) < poached egg >?! 395 int . bow as michael move to the console : michael ( with smile ) we be enter the lymphatic system . that be nuclei of cell , lining a Duct . grant ( puzzle ) I always have a idea there be only one system . the circulatory . michael the lymphatic system drain off excess fluid from the tissue . without it , we would all swell up like balloon . he reach the console , begin to take out a new chart . 396 int . bubble the new chart suddenly become visible on the repeater as it be spread out below . owen react to the labyrinth . owen look like quite a navigation problem ... the co-ordinate be see be move to indicate the sub be pass through a lymphatic Duct on its way to the first node , which be follow by a series of other , strung out like sausage link . michael ' voice ( from below ) only until we get through the node -- the lymphatic gland . follow you present compass head . 397 ext . proteus - lymphatic duct as it course easily through the sunny stream , to suddenly emerge into : 398 ext . lymphatic node a startlingly different world . the headbeam reveal what appear to be a underwater marshland : a tangle of reticular fiber which wave with the gentle cross current seeping through the mesh . weird bacterial form drift by , move in group like raid party . the yellowish light of the lymphatic stream still filter through . 399 int . bubble owen be force to slow down as he carefully begin to thread he way through the tangle , try not to brush against the tendril . but for all of owen ' care , the nose of the sub break some fiber as it nudge through the increasingly narrow space of the brambly mesh . 400 int . proteus grant react as he see the break fiber drift against the bow window , and then become momentarily entangle around they . when the tendril clear the window , he look back to the stern . 401 floating tendril - p.o.v. grant they be float aft . some adhere to the propulsion section , trail out so that grant can see they . 402 int . proteus grant react , look back and up toward bubble . grant skipper , you be pick up seaweed -- or whatever it be . michael ( reassuringly ; at chart ) reticular fiber . we ought to be clear of they soon . 403 ext . lymphatic node - p.o.v. bubble with owen , we see the way ahead be more tangly . as he keep slow down to get through safely : owen ( anxiously ) I hope so , Doctor . if that stuff clog the vent , the engine will overheat -- he break off as a big clump of fiber be tear loose , for all he skillful steering . 404 ext . underside of sub the mass of tendril drift down the length of the underside . part of the clump adhere to the ventral hatch , another section twine around the exhaust : in so do , it snag on the bramble beneath . 405 int . lab and storage section scalpel poise over the wire , duval react as the proteus momentarily jar while it pull loose . he exchange look with cora , who be hold the lamp . 406 int . proteus grant glance back toward the open door of the aft compartment , realize the danger of try to repair the laser now . he look at michael , who be bent over the chart . grant Doctor -- he be interrupt by a loud wham against the bow window . startle , both look off , see : 407 ext . lymphatic node - beginning of battle between bacteria and antibodies - p.o.v. principal flash reflect light from the headbeam , elongate crystalline structure with rod-like projection which make linkage possible , be whipping against the bow window where they have trap a mass of ferocious - look large bacteria . the smaller crystalline anti-body be rapidly coupling with other that speed in to join the fray . the bacteria fight back with they flagella , in a death struggle . 408 view of battle from int . bubble owen duck involuntarily as the link antibody and the bacteria slam against the bubble in such number and size as to make the way ahead virtually invisible . as a result , the sub tear through a clump of fiber like a scythe . 409 int . proteus duval appear in the doorway . duval what 's cause all that -- ? he break off as he see the antibody and bacteria whipping against the window . cora appear behind he , gasp at the sight of the monster lock in battle . grant look like somebody declare war . michael just what it be . antibody , destroy bacteria -- or any other foreign invader that threaten the system . 410 big closeup - one antibody and bacterium as both slam and hold against the bow window in a life- and - death struggle . a amazing phenomenon be take form : antibody be hook up at the rod to completely encase the bacterium -- and the geometric form fit the antagonist < perfectly >. cora' voice ( o.s. ) look -- it 's take its exact shape ! granth voice ( o.s. ) like hand - in-glove . michael ' voice ( o.s. ) much closer . like two atom . now the crystalline geometric link start press together with inexorable force . the bacterium fight back with its flagella . then suddenly it go limp . as the destroy bacterium drift off , another mass of virulent monster smashes into the window and be instantly embattle with a swarm of antibody that come link up . now the SOUND of the battle can be hear along the entire length of the sub . meanwhile , the sub be jarre hard , as it break through another clump of entangle fiber . the sound and sight of the mortal battle increase in intensity , as do the force passage during : duval ( with glance at Minute recorder ) we will never get there in time , at this rate . grant ( to m1chael ) be not there another route ? so we can by - pass all this ? duval yes ... ( to michael ) we can transfer over to the Inner ear , and go by way of the endolymphatic Duct . grant ( to m1chael ) then why not take it ? michael it 's infinitely more hazardous than go this way . once we enter the Inner ear , < any > sound in the operate room will be disastrous . at we reduce size , the vibration inside the ear would have a shatter effect . another jar of the sub , and more smash against the hull and bow window , as the battle of the antibody and bacteria reach a climax . grant ( over sound ) they be tracking we topside . once they see where we be go , I be sure they will take every precaution . michael let 's hope they realize the danger . ( up at bubble ) Captain , I will give you a new compass head . 411 bene ' shave head with the radial line in the f.g. Beyond , the track device be now weaving back and forth in the area of the neck . 411a int . MAIN ops room camera on the tracking post , picking up the four technician before they radarscreen . camera then tilt up to the big grid map . we see the grid Officer above , positioning the replica of the proteus in the Inner ear . 412 int . control tower reid and Carter be look down at the operating room . they turn as the Communications aide announce : communications aide proteus turn in quadrant 73 . reid and Carter move to window overlook the MAIN ops room . they exchange relieved look as the grid Officer move the sub to the lateral quadrant , in the neck . reid ( with relief ) at last they be head for the Inner ear ... Carter glance at the Minute recorder . it flash < 27 >. carter ( bite into unlit cigar ) about time they realize they would never make it the other way . reid move to the Control section , press button . 413 < out > 414 int . operating room the surgical team and the technician exchange look as they hear : reid' voice ( o.s . ) the proteus be about to enter the Inner ear ... you be not to walk , talk , or make a sound of < any > kind . ( strongly ) < absolute silence > must be maintain until they be out of the danger area ... as all remain freeze in they position : 414a tracking device pan with it to : 414b extreme close shot - bene ' ear camera move in on the ear , until it fill the screen . 415 < out > 415a panel of proteus the red warning light be flash , the needle of the temperature gauge be in the danger zone . the speedometer be near zero . 415b int . bubble owen be work the control , apparently without avail . he glance anxiously ahead , see : 415c ext . cochlear duct - endolymphatic stream - p.o.v. bubble a huge clear area . in the distance , a few drift antibody . there be nothing evident that should be give the proteus any difficulty . 415d int . bubble as owen look back with grave concern to the panel , the speedometer needle drop to zero . 415e ext . cochlear duct - long shot the proteus be sink to the bottom . 415f int . proteus duval and cora be back in the lab section , work on the laser . grant be beside michael at the chart . both look up as the proteus touch bottom with a slight jar . grant ( up at bubble ) what 's wrong , skipper ? owen ' voice ( from bubble ) what I be afraid would happen . the stuff we pass through -- that look like seaweed -- michael reticular fiber -- owen ' voice ( from bubble ) it clogge the intake vent . we be not get any propulsion . grant well , there 's only one thing to do . as he move to put on he breather pack , cora appear in the doorway of the Lab section . she look anxiously out of the bow window . in the distance , several anti-body can be see . cora you be go out there ? with that antibody -- michael ( to grant ) no danger of attack , as long as you do not trigger they off by any injury to the system . grant nod , step into the escape hatch , close the door behind he . the light flash red . cora remain at the bow window , look toward the drift anti-body , with apprehension . 415g < out > 416 ext . ventral hatch grant be drop out of the open , cause the attach seaweed - like fiber to come loose and drift off . 417 with grant he swim toward the bow , reach the propulsion intake vent . as the clogge vent come into view : owen ' voice ( over audio ) how 's it look ? grant I could use a lawnmower ... 418 - < out > 455 455a int . bubble owen glance at the Minute recorder . owen how long do you think it will take ? granth voice ( over audio ) quite a while . 455b int . proteus cora turn from the bow window . the antibody be still in view . cora would not it be quick if we all help ? michael ( with glance at Minute recorder ) yes , there 's no time to spare . and that fiber can be quite tenacious . he move to the escape hatch with cora , both strapping on they breather pack . she glance at duval , still in the Lab section . duval I would better use the time to finish repair the laser . michael and cora step into the escape hatch , adjust they swim mask . 456 ext . proteus - bow grant be pull the seaweed - like fiber out of the intake vent . he work fast at what seem a endless task . 457 int . bubble owen be watch the temperature gauge . the needle be still in the danger zone . 458 ext . proteus - bow michael and cora swim up to grant , join he in yanking out the long cling tendril . all work quickly as possible . 459 int . operating room absolute silence . the immobile surgical team and technician create a tableau-like effect . the force silence and the inactivity cause several to sweat with tension . all be focus on the track device , now weaving back and forth at bene ' head . 460 int . control tower reid and Carter be at the window overlook the operating room . the Communications aide turn to they . they react with misgive as they hear : communications aide report no movement of the proteus since enter quadrant 74 , level D . reid and Carter exchange grim look , move to look down on the MAIN ops room . they see the little proteus be in the quadrant of the cochlear Duct . Carter glance at the Minute recrder . it now read < 24 >. carter twenty - four minute leave . maximum . this be just what we need -- another delay ... he see a ant crawl along the table , in the direction of a few spill grain of sugar . automatically , he start to bring he thumb down to crush it . but he stop just in time . reid look at Carter curiously as the latter carefully pick up the ant and put it on the railing so it can crawl out of harm 's way . reid ( with smile ) you will wind up a hindu . respecting all form of life -- however small ... 461 < out > 462 ext . proteus - bow loose tendril be flow about the hull like drift seaweed . but the vent seem to hold a endless amount . grant , cora and michael , work at a exhaust pace , keep pull out more and more clump of long fiber . 463 int . bubble eye on the temperature gauge , owen react with relief as he see the needle beginning to swing away from the danger zone . 464 int . operating room nothing move except the little track device on they silent bearing . but the ordeal of absolute silence and no movement be beginning to tell on all . particularly : 465 surgical chief a older man , corpulent , he be sweat profusely under the strain . the headband of he surgical cap be wet . automatically , he bring he rubber - glove hand up to wipe the perspiration away , stop , as he glance at the patient o.s . 466 ext . proteus many loose tendril now about the hull attest to the progress of clean the vent . the three keep work . 467 int . bubble the needle of the temperature gauge be now almost out of the danger zone . 467a int . MAIN ops room - sub grid map the sub be not move . the Minute recorder read < 21 >. 467b int . MAIN ops room - shoot toward control tower reid and Carter be at the window , look down into the room . 468 < out > 469 ext . proteus the last of the fiber clump be now be remove . 470 surgical chief rivulets of sweat be stream down toward the wrinkle corner of he eye , cause he to blink . 471 female surgical aide see he extreme discomfort , she follow the usual procedure of reach for a towel on the instrument table . 472 towel a surgical scissors be partially tuck within the fold . 473 int . operating room the scissors be not visible from the aide 's angle . as she pull the towel gently off the table , careful not to make a sound : 474 scissor dislodge from the table . camera whip with it toward the floor . on the shatter impact : 475 flash CUT - bene ' ear it fill the screen , the sound reverberate o.s . instantly : 476 ext . cochlear duct the vibration send the proteus fly through the clear sea , as if strike by a cataclysmic undersea force . ( note : until the end of this sequence , the vibration keep on as if they have set off reverberation in endless echo chamber . ) 477 grant flung in one direction . 478 michael hurled off in another direction . 479 cora whipped away from all the other . 480 owen in bubble clutch the panel for support . 481 duval in lab section clutch the laser . 482 ext . organ of corti - with cora as she be toss toward the cell of hensen : a series of tall columnar structure , non-rigid , with cuticular plate form a mosaic pattern . 483 cora she be horrify as she see where she be head for : 484 p.o.v . - chasm one wall consist of the tectorial membrane , opaque , with build - in huge fiber . the other wall : geometric and translucent . space at interval be what appear to be electrical conduit with four expose strand span the two wall . all the conduit be vibrate . 485 with cora - down the chasm she be thrust over the curve edge , start fall head down . she narrowly miss the first connective conduit . then she breather pack snag on one of the strand of the next conduit , which fling she partially to one side so that she leg be catch between the other strand . as she hang head down , the weight of she body cause the strand -- and herself -- to be whipped back and forth , she be further terrifle to see : 486 long shot - chasm - cora' p.o.v. all the quadruple strand be vibratlng in the seemingly bottomless abyss . 487 back to cora as she try to extricate herself , which cause she to be " vibrate " with even great intensity : cora ( scream ) help ! 488 ext . cochlear duct in the distance , the proteus be be bring under control . michael and grant be in view , swim against the force set off by the diminish vibration in this part of the ear . 489 grant he hear : cora' voice ( barely audible : over audio ) please ! help ! grant look about . there be no sign of she . 490 cora struggle head down , in terror , she hear : granth voice ( over audio ; in distance ) cora ! where be you ? cora I do not know ! I think I be catch on some auditory fiber ! 491 ext . cochlear duct michael swim up to grant . grant where would that be ? as michael point , grant hear : michael ' voice ( over audio ) right down there . they both swim off in the indicate direction , reach : 492 ext . edge of chasm both look down . at first they do not see she . then grant spot cora . he point for michael ' benefit . they see : 493 cora in chasm - there p.o.v. Far below , still try to struggle loose . 494 cora in chasm as she hear : granth voice ( on audio ) okay ! I can see you ! she stop struggle . but unseen by she , the vibrate strand in which she be entangle have call forth , in apparent response : 495 few antibodies - in chasm appear from the far side , and below cora . they start move toward she . more antibody instantly appear from the same area . 496 ext . edge of chasm grant and michael be swim over the curve mosaic cell . 497 inside the chasm grant and michael swim down toward cora on the strand . now the antibody become visible , gather in increase number as they stream up toward cora . they be as yet unlink , but she be unmistakably they target . michael ( startle ) antibody !... come at cora ! she 's trigger they off ! 498 < out > 499 cora on strand from she head - down position , she see : 500 long shot - antibodies - cora' p.o.v. stream upward in increase number toward she . 501 grant and michael - in chasm grant Doctor ! get back in the sub ! Quick ! michael start swim fast as he can toward the proteus . 502 < out > 503 ext . chasm - grant , cora and antibodies he be racing to reach cora before they do . 504 on the auditory strand - in chasm from she head - down position , cora see vast number of : antibody , now nearer . frantic with fear , she try to free herself , cause the strand to start vibrate again , which call forth more antibody to stream out of the far side . grant reach she , start work desperately to get she loose . she try to help as he yank at she breather pack , try to work it off the wire . 505 ext . proteus - cochlear duct near the edge of the chasm . duval be see at the bow window , look out anxiously . 506 int . proteus duval turn as the door of the escape hatch open from within and michael step out . he close the door quickly . the light over it instantly flash red . duval where be they ?! as michael pull off he swim mask , breathe hard : michael below the cell of hensen . if that antibody reach she , they will attack as if she be bacteria ... 507 long shot - antibodies - in chasm - p.o.v. cora ( head down ) they be beginning to link up . 508 ext . chasm - cora and grant he be still try to get she breather pack loose . cora ( franticaliy ) hurry ! oh please , please ! he manage to get she pack loose , now start pull the strand apart at she ankle so that she can extricate herself . as she finally do , they execute a half - somersault in the stream to start swim upward . both get a fleeting look at : 509 long shot - antibodies - p.o.v. grant and cora the link have now form chain the < exact length > of cora . 510 ext . chasm - grant and cora grant grab she at the torso and start to propel she upward . 511 long shot - chasm - antibodies and principal the long link , in vast number , now race after the frantically swim cora and grant . 512 ext . edge of chasm grant and cora appear , swim over the slippery edge of the mosaic cell . she be too exhaust to keep up the pace . grant hold she with one arm as he keep swim toward : 513 ext . proteus duval and michael can be see at the bow window , look out . owen be visible within the bubble , peer out anxiously . 514 ext . ventral hatch the two reach it , grant still help cora . they be at the point of exhaustion . grant react as he see : 515 light over ventral hatch flash red . 516 ext . ventral hatch grant wait , hand at the wheel . cora look back toward the edge of the chasm for sign of the antibody . cora ( gasp ) open it ! open it before they get here ! grant I can not till the hatch be flood ! at she look of fright , he turn and see : 517 antibodies - edge of chasm - p.o.v. cora and grant the long link catapult over the edge of the chasm like polaris missile in flight , then begin to execute a turn for a mass attack in the direction of : 518 - < out > 520 521 ext . ventral hatch the light flash green . grant begin turn the wheel quickly as he can . 522 intercut antibodies hurtling down toward cora , and the wheel turn . 523 ext . ventral hatch just as the door drop down , the vanguard of the anti-body reach cora . two coil whip transversely around she shoulder . there be no time to tear they off . grant thrust cora through the door , then follow , with the mass attacker stream in after they . 524 int . escape hatch cora be claw at the antibody which be coiling around she from every direction . for the moment , grant can not help she as he struggle to close the door against : 525 antibodies at ventral door the crystalline link be force they way in , against the pressure of the close door . grant struggle with all he strength against the coiling mass . finally he manage to get the door close and lock . 526 int . escape hatch - grant , cora and antibodies the water level start fall , accompany by the hiss of air pressure . grant and cora try to claw at the crystalline structure . but in the extremely narrow confines of the chamber , there be little either can do . suddenly cora 's expression change to one of horror and pain . cora ( gasp ) they be tightening ... desperately , grant try to get at least one coil loose , but to no avail . the crystalline structure be now constrict around she . 527 int . proteus duval and michael stand before the escape hatch , wait for the red light to change to green . duval ( up at bubble ) how much longer ?! owen ' voice ( from above ) ten second -- duval that 's too long ! he start to twist the wheel , to open the hatch . 528 int . escape hatch the water be now down to they knee . grant be still pull at one of the many link around cora , but without any effect . cora ( barely audible ) please -- I -- can not -- can not breathe ... and she be cut off as all the antibody lock into place . her mouth remain open , in the manner of someone be choke to death . the crystalline coil about she body give she the appearance of a female laocoon ... suddenly the entrance door be thrust open behind they . 529 int . proteus Water pour out from the escape hatch as grant drag cora out . she fall on the floor . duval and michael instantly start pull at the antibody . cora be almost unconscious . grant join in the frantic effort to free she . and then owen , who come bound down from the bubble . all four man pull at the structure with all they strength . and suddenly they begin to break off , shatter into crystalline fragment . with some coil break , the other soon lose they lethal adhesion . finally cora be free . as soon as she find she breath , she begin to cry hysterically . duval bend over , calming she . 530 int . operating room all be still immoblle , sweat out the long wait . the female surgical aide who cause the scissors to drop stand hold the towel . the scissors be still on the floor at she foot . in the silence , she carefully reach out and dab at the rivulet of sweat run down the head surgeon 's face . now all be concentrate on the : 531 tracking device move silently back and forth across bene ' head , the only contact with what be transpire within . 532 int . control tower reid be look down into the operating room , Carter be pour two fresh cup of coffee . at the SOUND of a warning buzz , both look at the tv monitor . they see the interior of the tracking post . the blip be move on the radar screen . communications aide proteus proceeding toward quadrant 75 ... reid take the coffee which Carter extend . reid ( relieved ) on they way again ... Carter glance at the Minute recorder . it now read < 12 >. he upend empty sugar container without look at it . carter twelve minute leave -- ( break off ; see no sugar ) of all the time to run out of sugar ... 534 ext . endolymphatic duct the proteus be speed through the very wide passage . 535 int . proteus michael be spread out a chart of the Brain , with the help of duval . as the complexity come into view , grant react . with glance at the Minute recorder : grant look like quite a way to go ... michael no , we should reach the base of the Brain shortly . and from there , it 's not far to the site of the injury . suddenly , light pour in . astonish , grant see : 536 huge oval membrane - through bow window semi-transparent . the immense pillar which form the stapes of the Inner ear be illuminate by the light behind it . granth voice ( o.s . ) where 's that light come from ? michael ' voice ( o.s . ) the outside world . filter in through bene ' eardrum ... 537 int . proteus duval bend over the chart . duval ( point ; to michael ) that put we right here ... which mean we can head straight for the sub arachnoid cavity . michael yes ... duval if we can go in past the oculomotor nerve ... as both man remain bent over the chart , confer , grant move into : 538 int . lab and storage section cora be lie on the cot . as grant enter , she start to rise . grant no need to get up -- cora I feel much better now ... but she remain seat , still weak . as the light grow brighter : cora ( quietly ) the outside world ... I think I would never see it again . grant stop at the laser which be fastened securely , run he hand along it . cora ( turn to grant ) thank you for save my life . grant that 's what they pay I for . cora a great deal more than that , I believe ... he look up from the laser . grant such as ? cora keeping a eye on Dr. duval ... grant ( into the silence ) what give you that idea ? the light now dim back to normal , indicate they have pass the eardrum . cora that 's why you be really here . I know it from the start . grant as obvious as that ? we Security people will jump for joy . ( with smile ) I suppose duval 's onto I , too ? cora you be not the first , but he 's much too innocent , much too involved with he work , to realize what 's go on around he . grant under a cloud without cause , I take it . cora oh , no . plenty of cause . he will not follow the herd , or change he conviction -- even when they be not popular . and he believe in a absolutely free interchange of information between scientist of different country -- and this day , there 's nothing more suspicious than that . grant depend on which end of the telescope you look through . cora what do you mean ? grant well , if you happen to be very fond of he -- even in love with he -- it would certainly affect you point of view . before she can answer , they hear : duval' voice ( o.s . ) it 's out of the question . michael ' voice ( o.s. ) now be reasonable ! duval' voice I will not do it . grant sound like trouble ... the two move toward the door . 539 int . proteus grant and cora silently witness : duval it 's against my better judgment ... michael better judgment ?! to wait until the actual operation -- when it may be too late ? duval I have do all I could with the laser . michael all I be ask be you test it beforehand ! duval if it will not work , it 's beyond my power to fix it . but if it do , there 's no tell how long it will hold up . it 's a jury rig , at best , and we will need every second of use we can get out of it . that 's why I do not want to put any extra strain on the connection by run unnecessary test . michael Dr. duvall I insist you test the laser . duval ( angrily ) I will do nothing of the sort ! the operation be < my > responsibility ! I will not do it , and that 's final ! michael ( control himself with difficulty ) as usual , you want everything you way . except this time there 's more than you damned ego at stake . duval ( tightly ) I know only too well what 's in the balance , Doctor . and it 's not my ego , damned or otherwise . 540 grant look thoughtfully after duval . 541 int . control tower reid and Carter be relieved to hear : communications aide proteus turn into quadrant 791 level f. reid press button . 542 int . operating room still in tableau . all hear : reid' voice ( o.s . ) the proteus have pass the Inner ear . instantly the tension break . there be cough , clear of throat . someone sneeze , evoke : ad lib -- just in time ! I could not hold it back another second ! -- I be afraid to < breathe >! -- my foot 's asleep . -- only one ? -- I think I would die when the scissors hit the floor ! the female surgical aide pick up the scissors . 543 int . control tower reid be move to the window overlook the MAIN ops room . Carter turn from the Minute recorder , which now read < 8 >. carter ( on edge ) only eight minute leave ... as he join reid and both look down into the MAIN ops room , they see the grid Officer move the proteus to the quadrant at the base of the Brain . reid ( softly ) imagine -- they're in the human mind -- 544 < out > 545 cerebral light a dazzle display of flash light fill the screen . then as the camera pan down slowly , we see a high wall of complex circuitry , in which the tiny light glow on and off rapidly . finally , as the camera near the bottom , it reveal : 546 ext . proteus - in cranial fjord the sub seem a mere speck as it cruise through a chasm form by two wall of similar circuitry and electronic pyrotechnics . there be a sense of order despite the complexity . 547 int . proteus grant have join cora and duval at the bow . the three be deeply impressed and move by what they see . michael remain at the chart . as they look on : duval ( softly ) " yet all the sun that light the corridor of the Universe shine dim , before the blaze of a single think -- " grant " proclaim in incandescent glory the myriad mind of man ... " cora look at grant in rather surprised awareness of this other side of he . michael very poetic , gentleman . you seem to see a great deal out there . let I know when we pass the soul . duval turn from the bow window to face michael with the answer : duval ( quietly ) the soul ? the finite mind cannot comprehend infinity . and the soul which come from God be infinite . michael take a close look at you soul , and you infinity , and you God out there -- 548 grant in thoughtful response to : michael ' voice ( o.s. ) -- and you will find it 's nothing but a combination of atom , molecule -- 549 int . proteus not let duval interrupt : michael -- and certain chemical involve protein -- duval you leave something out . michael what 's that ? duval ( flatly ) the breath of God ... before michael can reply : owen ' voice ( from bubble ) Doctor -- what 's that up ahead ? they turn toward bow , see : 550 ext . forest of dendrite as it come into view with the sub turn the corner of the chasm : a huge semi-circular area of branchlike nerve , through which the cerebral light flash . in the center be the site of the injury . the light stop at its perimeter , as if short - circuite , cause a dark area . duval ( up at bubble ) there it be . that 's the site of the injury -- the dark spot . we would better get prepare . they move into the Lab section , where they put on they breather pack quickly during : michael it 's too late ... startle , they follow he look , see the Minute recorder now read < 6 >. michael you could not possibly operate and get out before the hour 's up . ( up at bubble ) Captain , keep go . head for the removal Point . he begin to spread out a map of the removal Area . duval removal Point ? what be you talk about ! michael we have no alternative . with only six minute leave , we will just barely make it . grant ( up at bubble ) hold it , skipper . ( to michael ) what happen if we overstay ? michael once time 's up , de-miniaturization begin . in a matter of second the ship will grow big enough to become a danger to the system . then White corpuscle will swarm to destroy it , as they would any invader . grant ( up at bubble ) how long will it take to get from here to the removal Point ? owens'voice ( from above ) approximately two minute . duval that still leave I four minute to operate . michael all you will succeed in do be get we trap ! ( glance at Minute recorder ) Captain , you will proceed immediately to the removal Point . owen ' voice ( from above ) yes sir . grant move quickly to the manual panel and throw some key switch into the off position . 551 int . bubble owen be startle to see the light over the button go off , rendering the control inoperative . the sub come to a stop at some distance from the Forest of dendrite and the dark area up ahead . owen my power 's go ! ( look down , see he ) grant -- what be you do ! 551a int . proteus with manner of take over : grant get the laser , Dr. duval . as duval and cora move quickly into the Lab section : michael ( furiously ) I be in charge of this mission ! you be instruct to take order from I , not give they ! grant sorry , but the situation have change . michael nothing have change as far as < my > authority go ! he be < not > go to operate ! not in the little time we have leave ! there 's no chance of success ! it 's sheer suicide for all of we ! he break off as duval and cora come out of the Lab section carry the laser and power unit . as they move to the escape hatch door , which grant open : michael ( furiously ) Dr. duval , you be not go through with this ! I absolutely forbid it ! I be responsible for the life of everyone here ! I will not allow you or anyone else to leave this ship ! duval I be go to do what I can to save bene . he step into the escape hatch with cora . grant close the door . michael ( rageng at grant ) you fool ! do not you see what you have do ? you have give he a perfect opportunity to kill bene ! the light start flash red , indicate the escape hatch be be flood . grant put on he breather pack during : grant I do not believe that . michael why not ? because of he gibberish about god and the soul ? camouflage -- that 's all it be -- to blind the gullible like you ! and to hide he real identity -- a fanatic whose only purpose be to kill bene ! and you make it possible ! the light over the escape hatch turn green . as grant open the door : grant I have come up against fanatics before , and duval just do not fit the pattern . ( up at bubble ) I be go out there , skipper . maybe I can be of some help ... owen remember -- we can not take more than five minute to get out . as grant start close the door , he glance at : 551b minute recorder it now read < 5 >. 551c int . proteus grant close the door . the light over it flash red . michael move to the bow window to observe : 552 - < out > 553 554 ext . site of injury - p.o.v. michael duval and cora be swim toward the dark spot with the laser and the power unit . they reach : 555 ext . site of injury - closer duval press the laser control , not know if it will work . to he relief , a beam of light shoot out . instantly a small portion of the clot begin to light up . this gradual encroachment of flash light in place of the dark area mark the progress of the operation . 556 - < out > 557 557a ext . ventral hatch grant drop out and start toward duval and cora . 558 section of thrombus in brain the laser beam be slowly dissolve away a small portion of the vast darkness . grant swim up . he glance at he wrist watch . grant how do it look , Doctor ? duval ( as he work ) if I can relieve the pressure on a few key vessel ... more of the dark area light up . 559 < out > 560 int . proteus - at bow window watch , michael respond grimly to the increase number of flash light in the injure area . he turn with grim resolution from the bow . michael ( up at bubble ) skipper ... 560a int . bubble owen be startle to hear : michael ' voice ( from below ) there seem to be something wrong with the escape hatch ... owen what do you mean ? michael ' voice ( from below ; imperatively ) fluid be seeping through . better come down and have a look ! quickly , owen start slip out of he harness , start down the ladder lead into : 560b int . proteus - at escape hatch door michael be not visible in the angle of the shot as owen move to the escape hatch , look for the seepage . see nothing wrong : owen ( turn ; puzzle ) I do not see any sign of -- he break off , he expression reflect horrify surprise as a hand wield the heavy crank of the winch smashes down on he head before he have a chance to dodge it . owen slump to the floor at the foot of : 561 michael he drop the heavy tool , go quickly to the manual panel , throw the switch back into the on position , restore all the control to where they be before grant change they . then he climb up into : 562 int . bubble the light over the button be all on again , indicate the control be in work order . as michael sit down hastily and begin to slip into the harness , with he we see : 563 < out > 564 ext . site of injury duval be aim the laser in short burst at a dark area around the large Central nerve . grant glance at he wrist watch . grant Doctor , we have just about have it . duval it I can clear this Central nerve , that < may > be enough ... unseen by they : 565 long shot - proteus in the distance it be swinging around in a wide arc < above > they . 566 - < out > 567 568 int . bubble as michael maneuver into position , he respond grimly to : 569 ext . site of injury - p.o.v. int . bubble Light begin to play along section of the Central nerve . 570 - < out > 571 572 int . bubble the bow be now line up straight with the Central nerve . face set , michael press the full speed button . 573 ext . jets the churn indicate full power be on . the proteus spurt ahead , speed toward : 574 ext . site of injury - central nerve more and more of the Central nerve light up as the intervene darkness be dissolve by precise burst of the laser beam . unaware of the oncoming sub , duval and cora keep work . as grant glance at he wrist watch , electrical impulse begin racing in a continuous flow through the Central nerve , which be now incandescent along its entire height . duval that should be enough ... he look critically at the result , as he normally would . grant we better get back to the sub . every second count now . cora ( suddenly ) look ! they follow the direction of she glance , be startle to see : 575 ext . proteus speed directly toward the Central nerve high above they . the person in the bubble be indeterminate at the distance and angle . cora' voice ( o.s . ) it 's head right for the nerve ! duval' voice ( o.s. , confuse ) I do not understand ... 576 ext . site of injury as they watch helplessly : grant ( get idea ) the laser ! let I have the laser ! grant grab the laser from duval . with cora trail , hold the power unit , grant lead the way upward at a angle to intercept : 577 - < out > 589 590 ext . proteus it be speed toward the Central nerve like a projectile home in on a target . 591 int . bubble the incandescent Central nerve loom closer and closer . michael hold the control in place with the fix look of a pilot on a suicide course . 592 grant , cora and proteus he stop swim . she remain near he . the sub be now over they head , at a angle which make the rudder visible . grant give I you widest beam ! full power ! cora turn a dial on the power unit . grant take careful aim . a wide beam shoot out from the laser , across the intervene distance and hit : 593 ext . rudder and rear hull the concentrate light disintegrate the rudder and burn open a large section of the hull . 593a int . lab section fluid pour through the hole into : 594 < out > 594a int . proteus the intact section with its trap air hold off total inundation . the unconscious owen stir , face up , the liquid just short of cover he . the sub begin to keel , owe to the inflow . 594b int . bvbble michael wrestle with the control , try to keep on course , as the Central nerve ahead loom closer and closer . for a moment it appear he will be able to ram it . but the increase tilt suddenly cause : 594c ext . proteus - central nerve to dive at a sharp angle , just barely miss the Central nerve . 595 int . bubble michael wrestle with the control , but to no avail . through the bubble , he be startle to see : 596 ext . forest of dendrite - p.o.v. bubble it loom closer and closer as the proteus dive inexorably toward : 597 ext . forest of dendrite treelike branching nerve form a intricate mesh as if in a dense forest . the proteus careen into it , tear loose a section of nerve fiber . the sub keel over on one side . 598 < out > 598a int . bubble now at a sharp tilt . the impact cause one of the arm of the swivel chair to spring out of place , pin michael to the seat . lying at a angle , he struggle to break loose , without avail . suddenly he startle eye fix on : 599 the minute recorder on control panel it flash < 0 >. the light begin to dim . 599a int . control tower - minute recorder flash < 0 >. the SOUND of a warning siren be on loud . it continue during the scene , add urgency to the reaction of all . reid and Carter exchange grim look . reid time 's up ... we will have to take they out immediately . carter it mean kill bene ... ( savagely ) and for all we know , they may have complete the operation ! ( slamm table ) damn it to hell ! he turn away . reid go to the window overlook the operating r00m . reid remove the proteus ... 599b int . operating room for a moment only the undulate wail of the warning siren be hear . then : chief surgeon prepare for trepanation ... one of the surgical technician begin swabbing bene ' head with alcohol . 599c < out > 599d int . bubble the light be almost out . it be now light only by the eerie glow of the pulsing flash in the Forest of dendrite . michael be vainly try to pry the steel arm loose , but it hold he in a vise - like grip in the chair . he look fearfully toward the bow window , as if know what to expect next . 600 ext . edge of forest of dendrite grant , duval and cora be swim through the maze of nerve toward the sub lie at a sharp keel . grant the ship 's good as finish . we will have to get out on we own ! be there a quick way out ? duval we could follow the optic nerve to the corner of the Eye . cora it 's beginning to grow ... they stop , tread water as they see : 600a ext . proteus grow visibly before they eye . 600 aa int . bubble michael react as he see the dendrite outside grow < smaller > , which indicate the sub and he be grow larger . 600b ext . edge of forest of dendrite duval we have get to get they out . as he start toward the sub , grant stop he . grant hold it ... they follow he look , see : 601 white corpuscle - in forest of dendrite huge monster - like blob be start to ooze through the nerve toward the proteus , which be now about a quarter as large as when last see , and grow rapidly . cora' voice ( o.s. , horrify ) White corpuscle ! 602 ext . edge of forest of dendrite duval they will ingest the ship and everything in it ! grant stay here , both of you . hold they off , if you can . he hand the laser to duval and start swim toward : 602a ext . proteus - in forest of dendrite the White corpuscle be slithering through the interlace dendrite . they be still some distance from the disabled sub . 602 michael - in bubble he be horrify to see the White corpuscle slide into he view , though still remove from the sub . he renew he frantic effort to break loose from the steel grip of the sprung arm . 602 bb ext . damaged hull grant swim the hole through into : 602cc int . lab and storage section quickly he make he way through the narrow flood area , pick up two breather pack en route . 602dd int . proteus grant emerge into the air-filled portion , push up he swim mask . he take in the prone owen and michael pin in the bubble as : michael ( frantically ) grant ! help ! for a moment grant stand between the unconscious man and the one trap in the bubble . then he hurriedly unzip owen ' jumper , revealing the swim suit beneath . owen regains consciousness . during the above : grant what happen ? owen ( in a daze ) Dr. michael ... he go berserk ... grant ( with realization ) berserk nothing . he 's the one who 's be sabotage the mission ... ( hand he breather pack ) get this on . hurry ! michael ' voice ( from bubble ; frantically ) grant ! 602ee int . bubble a monster- like cell be slithering toward the bubble . michael be tear at the steel arm that hold he to the chair . michael ( with grow terror ) macrophage ! move against the extreme tilt , grant appear . responding to the oncoming White corpuscle , grant pull at the steel arm with all he strength . michael ( during above ) get I out of here . get I out !! for all he effort , grant be unable to free michael . 602ff white corpuscle gradually ooze over the entire bubble , cover it . 602gg int . bubble grant make a last desperate effort to free michael as he see the bubble begin to dissolve beneath the body of the adhere White corpuscle . as the fluid body begin flow over michael : michael ( in terror ) no ...no ... his scream be cut off by the White corpuscle engulf he . grant jump back into : 602hh int . proteus owen come on -- it 's no use ! grant we can get out through the Lab section . both pull down they swim mask . owen move off , follow by grant . 602ii int . lab section owen be swim through the hole . grant follow through the cramped area . 602jj ext . proteus owen appear , swim off toward duval and cora . the two be work the laser and power unit . duval be hit the White corpuscle and dissolve they in a attempt to keep they off the sub , but without avail . the monster cell be swarm in great number . 602kk ext . damaged rudder a monster White corpuscle be flow along it , down toward the hole . as grant now emerge , the White corpuscle grasp he in its tentacles . 602b - < out > 602d 602e grant and white corpuscle he struggle , unable to break out of the fluid mass which engulf he . 602f ext . edge of forest of dendrite duval and cora swim up . duval aim the laser , press the trigger . the beam shoot out with surgical precision , make a direct hit on : 602g vacuole of white corpuscle the nucleus of the monster cell disintegrate , release grant . he swim quickly toward : 602h ext . forest of dendrite the three see another White corpuscle move after grant . duval dissolves it just as the laser go dead . as grant reach they : grant you say there be a quick way out ! duval what about Dr. michael ? grant it 's too late ! duval drop the laser , turn and start to swim off . cora drop the power unit . with duval in the lead , they swim as fast as they can through : 602i ext . forest of dendrite the dendrite be now < smaller > in relat1on to the four as they keep on through the cranial Region of flash light . 603 ext . proteus White corpuscle be now festoon all over the sub and flow in through the bubble and damage portion of the hull . 604 - < out > 606 607 ext . edge of forest of dendrite the swimmer look back and respond to : 607a ext . proteus it be crumble like the hindenburg Zeppelin . the White corpuscle be swarm over the remain , ingest every particle . 607b the group reacting to the destructive power of this internal defender . they swim off . 608 - < out > 616 616a int . operating room the Chief surgeon 's glove be on . now all start to take they place around the operate table . the operate beam be switch on . the Chief surgeon hold out one hand . a surgical nurse slap a scalpel into it . 616b int . control tower stand at the window overlook the operating room , Carter and reid can see the Chief surgeon bend down over bene ' head , about to make a incision . Carter suddenly get a idea , press button . carter hold it , Doctor ! 616c bene ' head and scalpel the cut edge be a fraction of a inch from the shave head . it stop just in time . the Chief surgeon and the surgical team around the table look up toward the window . 617 < out > 618 int . control tower reid look tensely at Carter . reid what be it ? carter that blip we be pick up might only be the radio-active particle . the proteus may already be destroy ... reid what be you get at ? carter ( thoughtfully ) if I be in they place and I would run out of time , I would abandon the ship before I grow to dangerous size ... and use the few extra minute to get out the quick way possible , on my own ... reid ( with quick realization ) along the optic nerve to the Eye . swiftly , reid cross to the window overlook the operating room . he press button . 619 int . operating room the Chief surgeon and the other exchange tense look as they hear : reid' voice ( o.s. ) wait thirty second ... he rush through the door lead down to the operate room . 620 < out > 621 ext . arachnoid corridor - right optic nerve compose of a cobweb of fiber . sausage - like link , pinch in the center , compose the wall of the wind passage . this be the node of ranvier . intermittent flash leap across the node , of vary intensity and duration . 622 the group - in right optic nerve as he keep swim , duval turn he head to the other . duval ( encouragingly ) Light impulse -- on the way to the Brain ! we be near the Eye ! they swim on with renew effort . they be now larger in relation to what they pass . cora start to fall behind , unable to maintain the pace , for all she valiant effort . grant put one arm around she waist and thus manage to keep after duval and owen . 623 - < out > 628 629 ext . apex of cornea the four climb up on what appear to be the top of a huge transparent mound . the fluid be rapidly seeping upward from the channel below . a low - dome ceiling -- the inside of the eyelid -- which be bisect by a crack , necessitate they crawl over the mound toward a crevice which afford more height . they force themselves along exhaust , and reach : 630 < out > 631 int . crevice between eyelids the four reach the grotto-like niche , where they can stand erect at they increase size . as they rise from they crawl position and lean panting in exhaustion against the wall : 632 - < out > 639 640 int . operating room reid wheel over a magnify glass mount on a stand . he bend down and pries open bene ' right eyelid . 641 int . crevice between right eyelids the four , they breath now regain , react in response to the unexpected : 642 parting of right eyelids the bisect dome above they part like the wall of the Red Sea . simultaneously the beam of the operate light blaze in with blind intensity , cause the four to shield they eye and look down into the retina . 642a kaleidoscopic effect a symphony of color be reflect from the cone far beneath , through the vitreous body and the manifold furrow of the Iris . 643 - < out > 645 646 reid he be bring the magnify glass into focal position . as he squint through it , he react on see : 647 the four - through magnifying glass - on surface of eyeball now magnify , we see the four figure be sweep inexorably toward the far corner of the Eye by a flood of water . reid ( o.s. ) a glass slide ! Quick ! through the magnify glass , we see they frantic attempt to fight the sweep of the cascade . just as the four near the fall - off point , where the corner of the lid join , the magnify end of a glass slide come into view and catch the teardrop -- with the four in it . 648 int . operating room reid carefully straighten up , hold the glass slide . he can barely see : 649 ext . glass slide tiny speck be visible in the teardrop , move about in the fluid . 650 int . operating room all respond to reid 's imperative : reid open that door ! holding the slide so the teardrop do not spill , reid move quickly through the slide door into the miniaturization room . 650a int . control tower Carter rush to the window overlook the miniaturization room . 650b int . miniaturization room all group around in silence , hold they breath as reid very slowly and carefully bend down and place the glass slide on the platform . above , at the window , Carter can be see look down . 651 ext . glass slide - on floor the tiny spot be grow visibly before we eye . 652 int . control tower Carter , look down into the miniaturization room , react as the four dot below on the glass slide continue to grow and grow to the point where they can be discern on the platform , and a bedraggle quartet it be . they look like survivor of a shipwreck : drip wet , exhaust , all the fight knock out of they . owen be seat , head between he draw - up knee ; cora be lean against grant for support ; duval be fight for breath . 653 < out > 653a int . miniaturization room now fully grow , the four look about , amaze at where they be . and the surgical team and reid encircle they be stare with equal confoundment ... dissolve to : 654 int . corridor - < cmdf > hospital section - day grant and owen be drive a scooter . both be rest , freshly groom . the scooter go through door mark : < medical division > the scooter stop in : 654a - < out > 658 658a int . medical foyer they alight and go through door lead into : 658b int . hospital room as grant and owen enter , they see bene be propped up on he bed , with Carter , duval , cora and reid group around he . grant move immediately to bene . grant ( warmly ; extend hand ) hello , Mr. bene ... how 's the prize patient ? bene smile as they shake hand . duval ( beam ) he 's make a fine recovery . cora he certainly be . he should be up and about in no time . owen that 's great . grant and owen look toward Carter , who be pace , visibly upset . carter ( answer they look ) oh yes , great . the only problem be , he can not remember what he come to tell we . grant can not remember ?... what do you mean ? carter he 's blank out on that one particular point . reid yes , he can remember everything -- except how to control de- miniaturization ... grant oh , no . owen after all that . duval a specific area of memory may have be destroy by the laser beam when Dr. michael interfered . carter as long as it be not a certainty , we have get to try everything possible to make he remember ! owen well , if you have no further need for I ... grant yes , we would like to get move . carter ( mind only on bene ) why do not you go on . we will meet you at the clearance desk in a few minute . he pace , look at bene while : grant good-bye , Mr. bene . I must say it 's be quite a experience know you . bene smile weakly at the double-entendre . as grant start out with owen : carter now how soon can we try sodium pentathol ? reid I would hold that off awhile . carter well , how about hypnosis ? that can not hurt he ! bene close he eye wearily . duval I suggest the first thing we try be let the patient get some rest . as he start herding they out and they reach the door , they be startle by a loud crash o.s . they rush out . 658c < out > 659 two scooter - at intersection another scooter have run into the one contain grant and owen with such impact that the two have be toss out . the m.p. be blow he whistle , stop all traffic . 660 the group Carter , reid , duval and cora be run toward : 661 the intersection grant be rise , hold the side of he head . owen , daze but uninjured , be also get up . as the other reach they : duval ( of grant ) he may have a head injury ! ( to reid ) get he to the hospital ! instantly , grant grab owen and hustle he to they scooter . grant who , I ? oh , no ! do not bother about I ! we be not hurt ! be not that right , skipper ? owen ( daze ) uh -- what ? grant ( get he into scooter ) we feel great , do not we ? just < great >?! owen ( catch on ) oh -- sure , sure ! never better ! grant ( take off ) nothing wrong with we ! not a thing ! we be fine -- just fine ! in he haste , he almost run into another scooter but avert a crash by a matter of inch . he keep go at top speed , by-pass the stop traffic by travel in the wrong lane . 662 long shot - scooter as it be lose to view down the long corridor ... fade out T h E E N D