far from heaven written by Todd haynes use for educational purpose only hartford , Connecticut , 1957 ext . new england village - day the bell of a gothic church be ringing down upon a comely square near downtown hartford . the crisp fall day be alive with color , as cornflower sky burst through the autumn red and gold , set off the clean brick building and freshly paint home that so proudly distinguish this New England township . Music over open credit . we see a powder blue , ' 56 chevrolet turn onto the main road its way into town . ext . village ST . - day the chevrolet stop in front of a small dance school just off State St. and a attractive , red-haire woman in she mid - thirty emerge from the car , wear sunglass and a scarf . she say hello to a mother and daughter exite the school on she way inside , return a moment later with a strawberry - haire girl in ballet clothes . cathy whitaker , - have collect she 8 - year - old daughter janice from ballet class be finally return home from another busy day . ext . residential STREET - later Cathy 's car be turn onto a well - tend , residential street , full of traditional black - shutter , white wood home , each set back on spacious lawn against , the blaze of autumn color ext . whitaker house - later she turn into the driveway of a large , fastidiously landscape 2 - story home , with a slate roof and flagstone walkway . david whitaker , a typical 11 - year - old boy , with - dark hair like he dad 's , be circle around the front of the house on he bright red schwinn : david mother ! mother ! can I sleep over at hutch 's tonight ? Mrs. hutchinson give permission . cathy ( from the car ) not tonight , David . ( more ) cathy ( cont would ) you father , and I be go out and I need you to , look after you sister . david aww , shuck . cathy now move you school bag , David , so mother can park . the whitaker 's may sybil , a handsome black woman in she early 30' , be just come down the front step to the car . , janice ( hopping out ) sherry seeger say they only ' cost something like five or six dollar please mother , please can I ? cathy ( open she door ) oh sybil , thank heaven ! sybil well I know you be go to the grocery - cathy David , please help sybil unload the car . david how come Janice do not gotta ? cathy do not have to . because Janice be carry in all she , belonging a march straight upstairs into the bath . she step out of the car load down with launder clothes and package . cathy you father and I have a engagement so I want you both to have a nice early dinner . and help sybil . david / janice ( not exactly in sync ) yes , mar ’am . cathy sybil , do Mr. whitaker call while I be out ? sybil no , Mrs. whitaker . not since you have be go . cathy how do you like that guy . Big time executive and he still can not remember a single social obligation ! janice so mother can I ? please can I get they ? cathy Janice I say we will discuss it with you father . now hurry on inside . David , put you bike away and help sybil with the grocery ! where 's you jacket ? david Inside . Cathy turn to see she best friend eleanor fine , a lean blond woman in she early 40' , just turn up she drive ina shiny green Imperial . cathy well hello , stranger ! be not I see you in about three hour time ? Eleanor be step out of she car . eleanor you be . but I just leave the caterer this instant and I have to dash over . cathy you have the sample ? eleanor you bet . cathy ooh . come inside . they start into the house . eleanor I can only stay a second . cathy you just catch I , actually - David ! what do I tell you ? david I be get the last bag ! dissolve to : int . whitaker live room - moment later Inside , Janice be practice some ballet step by a large stone fireplace . Eleanor be in the midst of show Cathy color sample for the big company party it be they annual venture to host . eleanor and imagine with the table set I show you . the aqua trim ? be that smart ? cathy oh yes . eleanor you like ? cathy mmm-hmm . eleanor ( start to put thing away ) alright . so I will call the caterer in the morning and you confirm with dorothy on the deposit - and honey , we be in business . cathy magnavox ' 57 , here we come . eleanor you betcha . janice mother , look ! cathy Janice I think I tell you to go start you bath ! you know you father and I - janice just this one part , pleeease . cathy alright , bunt lickety - split . Janice perform a few step for she mother and Eleanor as David pour over the tv guide on the couch . eleanor oh , will you look at that ? cathy that 's lovely darling . eleanor she 's get so grow up . david mother , can I stay up and watch the Californians - please ! cathy Janice , honey , watch the lamp ! janice ta-da ! Eleanor and Cathy applaud Janice who beam in delight . eleanor ohh ! cathy that be lovely , dear . now hurry on up and get out of that clothes or mother 's go to be late . Janice turn , still beam , and dash up the stair . eleanor I better run . I still have load to do . cathy well I can imagine , with mona lauder and that little white glove of hers ... eleanor be not social more the most dreadful bore ? mona 's invite we at least three time last year so of course there be not a thing I could do . and Stan see Fred at the club ... Cathy open the door for she . ext . whitaker house - later Eleanor start down the front step of the house toward she car . cathy thanks for stop by . eleanor I will see you at eight ! cathy you know Frank . on the dot ! Cathy wave goodbye and close the door . dissolve to : int . whitaker' bedroom - evening Janice be curl into a armchair in the soft glow of Cathy 's vanity , watch she mother do she make - up in the mirror . Cathy be dress for the evening in sleeveless emerald green , set off the tangerine of she hair . janice mother ? cathy ( do she lipstick ) uh-huh ? janice when you be a little girl you look like I , right ? cathy uh-huh . janice so when I grow up do that mean I will look like you ? cathy be that what you want darling , to look like I ? janice yes . I hope I look exactly as pretty as you . cathy what a lovely compliment come from my perfectly lovely daughter . she pick up she wristwatch and glance at the time . cathy seven-fifteen ! , where on earth be you father ? she get up and walk over to a dresser . janice mother ? cathy ( search for something ) what be it , dear ? janice can I try put lipstick on I ? cathy ( start out the door ) not tonight , Janice . mother 's go to be late . sybil ! int . foyer - continuous Cathy be start down the stair . sybil ( off ) yes , Mrs. whitaker ? cathy do I leave my glove on the hall table ? sybil ( off ) yes , mar ’am . I see they . cathy you know it 's nearly twenty after and Mr. whitaker still have not phone ! sybil meet Cathy at the foot of the stair with the glove . cathy thank you , sybil ... - I be at my wit end . I even try call he office , though I know there would not be anyone - the phone ring . sybil go to the hall table to answer it . cathy well I certainly hope that 's he now . because if it be not - sybil whitaker residence . ( brief silence , then stiffly ) yes sir . one moment , please . cathy who be it ? sybil ( lower voice ) Police department . Cathy frown , take the phone . cathy hello ? officer's voice ( through receiver ) yes . be I speak with a Mrs. Frank whitaker ? cathy yes . officer's voice of 1616 sycamore drive ? cathy yes . int . police station book - evening officer one moment please . the officer hand the phone over to frank whitaker , a dark - haire , big -bon man in he early forty , who have just finish wiping he ink-stain finger with a rag . frank Cathy ? cathy' voice Frank ! Frank , what happen ? be you alright ? frank I be fine . everything 's fine . it be a big - mix - up , the whole thing . but you gotta come get I . they will not - let I leave on my own . int . whitaker foyer - evening cathy oh , Frank . do not worry , darling . I will be there as quickly as I can . ( she hang up the phone ) sybil be there anything I can do , Mrs. whitaker ? cathy no . thank you sybil . just keep a eye on the child . I be sure I will not be long . Cathy grab she purse and coat and rush for the door . dissolve to : ext . police station - night Cathy 's car pull up in front of the lamp - light police station she hurry out of the car , still in she evening clothes , and up the stone step of the precinct 10 . int . police station front desk - continuous Cathy walk over to the officer at the desk officer can I help you mar ’am ? cathy yes , I be here to meet my husband . the name 's whitaker , Frank whitaker . officer here we go . room 103 . if you will follow I , mar 'am . dissolve to : int . book - later Cathy sign the report and hand it to the bail clerk . bail clerk this be you copy , mar 'am , and you receipt . cathy thank you . then the door open and Frank walk through it . cathy oh , Frank ! Cathy rush to he and they embrace . as they leave , two of the officer be still watch . int . car - night Cathy drive while Frank brood in the passenger seat . rear - projected streetlight send charcoal shadow across they face . frank I will tell you one thing . if it have not be for that sniveling junior cop they would have never go through the whole charade in the first place !... / ( more ) 11 . frank ( cont would ) stead of try to save face . I see the guy they be after - the ' loiterer 's . they would not even listen to I ! I tell you , I have half a mind to sue the pants off the whole precinct . cathy or ... you could simply forget the whole thing ever happen . frank ( take a breath ) I suppose you be right . brief silence . cathy ( a bit cautiously ) so be there - drink after work ? frank what do you mean ? cathy I think they say something ... intoxication level , something - or - other - ? frank Christ ! I have a lousy cocktail with Bill after work , go over the portfolio ! should I be arrest for that too ? cathy of course not , darling . frank the whole thing 's just put I ina fowl state . cathy I know , dear . you just try to rest . we 'il be home in no time . dissolve to : int . whitaker foyer - later Cathy stand in semi-darkness , on the phone with Eleanor . she find the police report in she purse . 12. cathy he 's fine ... the car 's fine . Frank say it be the bumper that get hit , but you know I . I can not tell the difference ... I be just sorry we have to miss it ... I know ... she drop the papers into the waste-basket . int . whitaker bedroom - later Frank sit in bed with a open book on he lap , stare into space . the door squeak open and he look over . cathy she be fine . Said it be a dreadful bore , what with mona lauder and she gossip . frank ( deplete ) Cathy , I be sorry . cathy ( embrace he ) darling , you have nothing to be sorry for . it be all just a silly wretch mistake ! they kiss deeply and he take she in he arm . Cathy close she eye and begin caress he shoulder and neck . but Frank stop and pull away . she look at he . frank feel so tired . he turn and lay down into bed and she caress the side of he head with she hand . cathy course you do . you sleep now . she switch off the light , pull up he blanket and slowly walk to the bathroom . int . breakfast room - morning the whitaker clan be all seat around the breakfast room table finish a breakfast of bacon and egg . 13 . david pop , hutch say if the Russian 's drop a bomb on we we could not drop one back on they . be that true ? frank well , son , I be afraid hutch have a point there . david why , pop ? why could not we ? cathy drink you orange juice David . janice I already drank mine . look father ! frank attagirl ! david pop , why ? cathy ( glance at the clock ) would you look at the time ? it 's already a quarter after ! you kid be go to miss you bus ! sybil can you help I get they coat ? sybil help Cathy distribute coat and lunch - box , and hurry they out of the kitchen . cathy alright , now . say goodbye to you father . janice bye , father . ( she kiss he ) frank Goodbye , kitten . david bye , pop ! frank have a good day at school , son . David be first out the door . 14 . cathy Janice , have you get you notebook ? janice yes , mother . David swing open the front door of the house . we can hear the bus approach . david ( off ) the bus be here ! sybil David - you lunch ! Cathy take it from sybil and rush after he . int . den - morning cathy David ! he swoops back in , grab it , and be off again , follow by Janice . janice bye , mother ! cathy have a nice day at school , dear Cathy peck she on the cheek and she run out the door . ext . whitaker house - morning the bus pull up in front of the house as David and Janice go run and Cathy wave . cathy bye ! the big yellow door close behind they and the bus pull off down the street . a small truck be just pull up to the house which read deagan garden supply . int . den - morning Cathy be walk back ' into the house as Frank emerge from the kitchen , gather he thing for work . 15 . cathy I think you be go to have another piece of toast ? frank it 's late . I should get over there . cathy well can I at least fix you lunch ? frank no , thank you , dear . I have get lunch meeting all week long . it 's portfolio season ! the doorbell ring . cathy ( call ) sybil , if that 's the milkman , he check be in the kitchen drawer ! sybil ( off ) yes , mar ’am ! Cathy help Frank on with he overcoat cathy well I be just glad you be feel better , dear . frank thank you , darling . Frank embrace Cathy and kiss she warmly just as - boom ! - a camera flash ignites they , and they turn . stand beside sybil in the entryway be mrs . leacock , a grey -face woman in she 60' , and a young photographer with a camera . photographer pardon I , mar 'am , sir . sybil Excuse I , Mrs. whitaker . this be - Mrs. leacock ? she say she have a appointment with you this morning ? 16 . cathy oh jimminy - I completely forget the time ! yes , of course , Mrs. leacock , please come in . mrs . leacock I do apologize , Mrs. whitaker , but candid view be always the best . cathy darling , this be Mrs. leacock , the lady I tell you about , from the weekly gazette . frank ah , yes . the fine lady who want to air all we dirty secret . ( shaking she hand ) how do you do , Mrs. leacock ? mrs . leacock fear not , Mr. whitaker . we at the gazette ascribe to only the high of professional standard . frank well I be glad to hear it . now if you will all please excuse I , I have some professional standard of my own to keep up . ( kissing Cathy ) Goodbye , darling . cathy Goodbye , dear . frank ( nodd goodbye ) Mrs. leacock ... mrs . leacock pleasure , Mr. whitaker . franks give a final wave to the room and be go . mrs . leacock you husband 's a very charming man Mrs. whitaker . cathy thank you . we be rather fond of he ourselves . please , will not you come in and make yourselves at home . 17 . Cathy escort they into the live room and over to the couch while untying she kitchen apron . Cathy dress . cathy as you can see , I be just run a bit behind schedule today . mrs . leacock that 's quite alright , dear . sit down opposite she , casually smoothing she hair and cathy I suppose I still can not imagine why in the world you have want a interview with I in the first place . it could not possibly be very interesting for you reader . mrs . leacock the reader of the weekly gazette , Mrs. whitaker , be woman just like yourself , with family and home to keep up . a good society paper need not be a gossip rag . you be the proud wife of a successful sale executive , plan the party and pose at she husband 's side on the advertisement . she refer to a frame magazine advertisement on the wall , show Cathy and Frank pose in front of they tv with the head : mr. & mrs . magnavox choose nothing but the best for there home ! suddenly , mrs . leacock to everyone here in Connecticut you be Mr. and Mrs. magnavox . cathy I suppose I should be flatter . I just do not feel I be so very different from anyone else , really . I like to shop and wear a pretty dress every now and then . but really my life be just like any other wife or mother 's - I do not suppose I have ever really want anything - through the window , Cathy glimpsis someone move through she backyard . she stand . 18 . mrs . leacock what be it , dear ? cathy I think I just see someone walk through we yard . Cathy walk to the french door lead to the backyard . there she see a tall black man stand outside , hunching over something . cathy what on earth ...? mrs . leacock ( stand , see ) oh my . Cathy open the door . mrs . leacock Mrs. whitaker - perhaps you should call the police - ext . whitaker backyard - day the whitaker backyard be a ample , two - tiere expanse , with flagstone walkway and fastidiously landscape hedge , tree and flower - bed border the swim - pool and lawn . Cathy take a few cautious step in the direction of the stranger . cathy Excuse I . can I help you ? the man look up from a shrub of evergreen , squinting . this be raymond deagan , 40 year old , good-look . he step toward she , look slightly irritate himself . Cathy take a involuntary step back cathy who be you ? raymond ma'am , I be sorry . my name 's Raymond deagan . I be otis deagan 's son . I have just be - take over some of he job since he - 19 . cathy you be otis 's son ? raymond yes . cathy well I be - terribly sorry for speak to you in that manner . I do not know who be in my yard . raymond no need . cathy how be you father ? I know he be in the hospital . raymond yes , I - my father pass away , I be afraid . cathy no ! I have no idea ! I be so very sorry . ( put she hand on he arm ) please accept we deep condolence . you father be a wonderful , dedicated man . raymond thank you . the phone ring from inside the house . int . live room - day we hear sybil answer it as Mrs. leacock watch Cathy through the window - just remove she hand from Raymond 's arm . ext . backyard - day sybil step out to the porch from the kitchen door sybil Mrs. whitaker ? I have greenhill caterer , on the line ! 20 . cathy thank you , sybil ! ( to Raymond ) I be sorry . would you excuse I a moment ? raymond of course . Cathy hurry back inside . cathy Mrs. leacock , I be terribly sorry ! I will just be a minute more ! dissolve to : int . magnavox office - day Frank be walk briskly down the wide passageway of he floor at magnavox , pass secretarial pool and other employee with a smile . triangles of morning sun bleach the wood - panele wall of the floor 's lean , modern decor he pass a sprite little secretary name Kitty . kitty good morning , Mr. whitaker . frank Morning Kitty . Lovely dress you be wear . kitty thank you , sir . Frank continue on towards the outer office of the executive suite where he secretary , marlene , be station beneath a large abstract wall - hang . stand opposite , pool over a file be stan fine , Eleanor 's husband , a tall , slightly grey man with a belly , who work right below Frank in the hartford division . frank Morning , marlene , Stan ! marlene good morning , Mr. whitaker . 21 . stan so how 's the second best golfer in hartford this morning ? frank someone break the book already ? do not tell I we wife ' party budget have finally come in . stan almost as fatal . millstein call . look like New York just shave a week off portfolio deadline . frank you gotta be kid I . stan I wish I be . frank what be they try to do , strangle we to death ?! do Dennis know ? stan call he first thing . frank alright . get Dennis and the other and call a portfolio meeting for lunch today . marlene , see if you can move production review to dinner . marlene yes , sir . frank and would you get my wife on the phone ? ( to Stan ) thanks , Stan . Frank pat Stan on the shoulder and march through the large wood - panele door of he office . int . franks office - continuous Frank drop he briefcase and sit down heavily at the large , handsomely ornament desk . 22 . he take a breath before turn and quietly open a lower drawer , pull out a quart of Jack Daniels and pour a swig into he coffee . as he stashes it away we hear marlene ( on intercom ) Sir ? I have Mrs. whitaker on line 1 . frank thank you , marlene . Frank take a slurp , swallow and push line 1 on he phone . frank Cathy , be that you , dear ? int . whitaker foyer - morning Cathy speak to Frank from the phone in the hall . cathy do you forget something ?... oh , Frank ... I be sorry , dear ... no , I understand ... I just wish you would not overwork yourself , Frank . especially after ... I know - I know , dear ... I will ... see you then ... Goodbye , dear . Cathy hang up the phone and start back into the live room . cathy I be terribly sorry for the interruption . where be it you want I ? photographer just one more at the fireplace . Cathy walk over to the fireplace where she put one hand on the mantle and turn toward the photographer . photographer right there . now smile . Cathy smile . mrs . leacock be not that darling . 23. photographer hold it ... flash . dissolve to : ext . downtown hartford - night we descend from a moonlit night past the hartford skyline to the awning of sammy 's steakhouse , where Frank and four staff member be just emerge . frank ( slightly slur ) well I guess that about wrap it up ( shaking hand ) ) Bob , rick. gentlemen . staff member 1 you be sure you be alright get home , sir ? frank thank you , Davis . but as 2nd in command of the US mcmillan I do feel equip to locate my car without cover . staff member 1 very good , sir . frank Bright and early gentleman ! they say goodnight and we follow Frank as he proceed down the pink , lamplit block of downtown hartford . he pass teenager clump in car , make out . he pass a hooker . hooker where ya head , tiger ? Frank look away as he pass . when he look up again he see the marquee of a movie theater glow up ahead . 24 . ext . movie theater - night Frank approach the tungsten awning of the old , 20' - style cinema , currently feature half - price double - bill . he stop . the marquee read : three face of eve and MIRACLE in the rain . int . movie theater - later onscreen : we be in the middle of three face of eve . Raymond burr be question one of joanne woodward 's more timid personality . Frank be walk in from the rear of the theater . he stop along the back wall and stand watch , mute in shadow like Edward Hopper 's usherette . onscreen : joanne woodward be become agitate . she start switch into another personality . a dark -haire man be get up from he seat and walk in the direction of the gentleman 's Lounge . Frank notice he pause a moment at the foot of the small , carpete stairway just as a second man approach . the dark - haire man spot the second one and proceed briskly down the stair . the second man follow , look around nervously as he go . Frank stare darkly down the empty corridor . int . whitaker bedroom - night Cathy sit in the lilac glow of she lamp - light write table , address party gunshot can be hear from downstairs . Cathy turn the face of she desk - clock to see the time . it read 10:36 . cathy ( get up ) oh , for heaven sake ... david ! int . whitaker live room - night Music escort we from the dark of the live room to the chestnut glow of the de where David sit watch television . 25 . sybil inventory serve ware in the dining room , as Cathy make she way downstairs with write tablet and pen . cathy David , this be the third time I have tell you to turn that infernal racket off and get into bed ! do you know what time it be ? david mother please can I just this once stay up and watch the - cathy no , David , you most certainly may not and that be final . david ( reluctantly turn it off ) ah , jeez ... cathy that 's not the sort of language we use in this house ! now march ! and do not forget to wash you tooth ! as David swagger off Cathy straighten up the couch . cathy oh , sybil , be sure and check dinner fork as well . I seem to recall be short last year . sybil I think it be salad fork we be short on . Cathy begin close drape in the live room window . cathy perhaps you be right . whatever it be , I would like to try and order a set before the party . sybil that should not be a problem . cathy you know , sybil , I think this may just turn out to be we best one yet . 26 . sybil well I be sure Mr. whitaker will be extremely proud . Cathy turn off a lamp by the window and part the drape a moment . she glance out into the silent , blue-edged night . ext . movie theater - night a man on a ladder be replace the letter on the theater marquee as Frank file out of the theater amid the strange week - night crowd . he stop a moment beneath the canopy of bulb . there 's a trill of laughter from down the street and Frank turn . the two man from the movie theater be walk off , one of they laugh . they turn the corner . Frank squint , look after . and with a frown of curiosity and some unsteadiness , he begin to follow . ext . dark STREET - night the two man be crossing the shadowy side -street . one of they can still be hear as they approach a dark , inconspicuous door , a few step down from street - level . they open it , send a sudden flood of green into the darkness , then quickly vanish inside . Frank stare after , stick between intrigue and fear . he follow . int . fran be - night Fran 's be a small , burgundy - wall '' gentleman 's bar ' , with black upholstery and a mint-green light embalm its well - groom clientele - most of whom take subtle notice of Frank as he enter the room . out of nowhere a voice be hear - voice identification please . frank ( turn , startle ) what ? 27 . a thin man in he 50' with a pencil- thin mustache stand beside the door . man with mustache identification , driver license . frank oh. sure . Frank show he he wallet man with mustache thank you , sir . have a pleasant evening . frank thank you . Frank proceed cautiously into the room , head to the bar . a spanish bartender accent nod slowly as he approach . spanish bartender yes , sir ? what can I get you this evening ? frank just a johnny Walker , please . neat . spanish bartender yes , sir . Frank take out a cigarette and light it . he glance stiffly across the room . the pluck and coiff patron , seat mostly alone , glance back with the same stiff , self - consciousness . the man from the theater sit in some corner rapt in conversation . Frank 's drink be set on the bar and he take a fast , deep sip , shiny with perspiration . Frank put down a bill and take a long , relax drag off he cigarette . voice one more of the same . Frank look over and see a clean - cut blond man ( early 30' ) at the bar . he exhales . the blond man glance over and smile cautiously . Frank smile cautiously back 28 . bartender there you be , sir . the blond man remain look at Frank a moment before pick up he drink and start back to he table . Frank watch he go . dissolve to : int . whitaker foyer - night Frank close the front door behind he and start slowly up the stair of the house , black on shadowy blue , as a slow burden of music rise . he stop at the foot of he bedroom door and stare at int . bedroom - night Cathy , copper and blue , asleep in bed . Music lighten as we dissolve to : ext . whitaker house - day we float out from a newspaper photograph of Frank and Cathy kissing in the latest hartford weekly gazette to reveal Eleanor , read aloud from the paper . the door to the house be open as Cathy and she arrive guest , doreen and nancy , stand around listen , have obviously be stop in they track to do so . Cathy hold a lilac scarf under she chin as a feisty wind whip through the tree and send a circus of leave through the sky . eleanor ' so do the fable maxim hold that behind every great man there reside a great lady ? in this case - wife , mother and Mrs. magnovox herself - cathleen whitaker prove that it do , a woman as devote to she family as she be kind to negroes 's !! they burst into laughter . 29 . doreen to negroes ?! cathy ( grab the paper ) let I see that ! oh my heaven . what on earth be that woman think ? nancy how do that come up ? eleanor Cathy ? oh she 's be liberal ever since she play summer stock at college with all that steamy jewish boy ! why do you think they use to call she red ! cathy oh for heaven sake , come inside . before Joe mccarthy come drive by ! Eleanor laugh and Cathy hand she back the paper . eleanor here . suddenly a strong gust of wind sweep Cathy 's scarf right off she head and up over the side of the house . doreen uh-oh ! cathy oh , no ! I love that scarf ! doreen oh , I be sure it just blow behind the house somewhere . cathy oh , for heaven 's sake . they continue back inside the house . eleanor this really be not you day , be it ? nancy so do they really call you ' red ’? 30 . Eleanor laugh some more . cathy oh Nancy , honestly ! dissolve to : int . dine room - later the lady be just finish lunch , a bit tipsy from the daiquiris . cathy can I get anyone another daiquiri ? nancy oh no . one 's my limit . doreen better not . cathy El ? Eleanor hold out she glass . Cathy smile , refilling it . eleanor thanks doll . ( take a sip ) alright now girl , no more beat around the bush . Nancy ? nancy I can not . eleanor come on now . can not be that bad . nancy alright . ( she smile bashfully ) well ... Mike insist on once a week . the laddy giggle , except for Cathy , who stand hold the pitcher of daiquiris . eleanor ah , you get off easy ! cathy once a week ? 31 . doreen yea , you be lucky . ron 's more like two or three . nancy really ? Three ? doreen and how . eleanor that 's nothing . girlfriend of mine ? ( to Cathy ) shirley Dawson - ( back to everyone ) her husband ? every night - o- the - week ... plus three time more on the weekend ! can you imagine ? Cathy return the pitcher to the bar . nancy oh , my . doreen how long have they be marry ? eleanor well , long enough ! Seven year ? eight ? doreen and Nancy break into more giggle as Cathy stand a moment , reflect in think in the marble mirror , a note of music accompany . dissolve to : ext . whitaker house - later Cathy stand in front of she house waive goodbye to Eleanor , doreen and Nancy , who make they way to they car . doreen it be lovely , cathleen ! cathy thanks , girl . doreen bye , now . 32 . eleanor Chicken be divine . cathy thanks , el. eleanor I ’1l1 call you tomorrow ! cathy bye . eleanor thanks again , hon ! it be all too divine ! cathy thanks , El . I will call you tomorrow . eleanor bye ! Cathy be about to turn back into the house when she put a hand to she head , remember she scarf . she glance over toward the side of the house and start slowly down the front step , glance around the yard as she go . by now the wind have die down and a pale opal light have take the edge off the sun . a soft spell of music begin . she do not see it along the front hedge and continue on to the side of the house . she turn the corner , glance up at the roof . suddenly raymond could this possibly - Cathy turn with a start . Raymond be stand along the side of the house hold she lilac scarf . raymond I be sorry . cathy no - you find it ! 33 . raymond yes - it be ... ( start walk toward she ) hang off one of the birch 's down front . cathy it 's just be so windy . I be just go back in the house when it just - Raymond hand Cathy the scarf . cathy . sail off my head - thank you . raymond I have a feel it might have be yours . cathy who else could have be so absentmind ? raymond no . the color . just seem right . cathy well thank you , Mr. deagan . for find it . raymond please . call I Raymond . cathy thank you . Raymond . she smile and they begin walk back to the front yard . cathy everything look wonderful by the way . raymond well good . pop 's a tough act to follow when it come to he work . but I think we get everything pretty under control . Cathy look at he a moment . 34 . cathy I be sure it have not be easy . take over for you father so quickly . raymond well I guess between pa 's business my shop , and look after my little girl , there 's not much time leave for reflect . cathy I do not know you have child . raymond just the one . Sarah 's she name . cathy and how old be Sarah ? raymond eleven year old , yea . and the sun and the moon to I . cathy well I be sure she 's a lovely child . you and you wife must be very proud . raymond well , Mrs. deagan - my wife - she pass away when Sarah be about five . cathy oh Raymond . I be so sorry . raymond well . thank you . we do - we do just fine , Sarah and i. ( reach for he wallet ) I have a - picture somewhere ... ( open it for Cathy ) there . that 's Sarah . cathy oh , she 's darling . look at that eye ... and what 's this I hear about a shop ? raymond the plant shop ? yea . it 's just a little place , down on hawthorn . ( more ) 35 . raymond ( cont would ) start out as a service for gardener , order plant and fertilizer . ' til I open the store . ' Bout six year ago . the only thing that business degree 's be good for yet . cathy well that 's marvelous , Raymond . you should be very proud . raymond well . if you be ever in the neighborhood you be sure and stop by . we have some lovely houseplant . cathy well I certainly will . raymond alright then . she smile goodbye and walk back into the house . int . whitaker foyer - later Cathy close the door behind she . right away we hear sybil from the kitchen door . sybil ( off ) Mrs. whitaker ? I have that list whenever you be ready ! cathy thanks , sybil . i’1l come get it now . where have this day go to ? dissolve to : int . whitaker breakfast room - evening from just outside the blaze of the kitchen we find Cathy and sybil busily serve dinner to the child . cathy elbow off the table , David ! janice eeuu - I hate that ! 36 . cathy I be sorry , Janice . but for a grow girl , who need she vitamin and be study ballet - janice oh mother ! you say ... you say - cathy I say we would discuss it and we discuss it . now I do not want to hear another word about it . I certainly do not like think I have raise such spoiled child . david what do you mean child ? I be not the one who want some dopey ballet shoe ! janice slipper ! the telephone ring . sybil be carry a tray of food . cathy if that 's you father ... do not worry , sybil , I will get it . ( she pick up the phone ) hello ? Frank ? you have not leave ?... oh no , not again ... I know Frank but every week ... I know , I know darling ... I will not ... alright ... goodnight , dear . ( she hang up the phone ) david what ! he 's not come home again ? janice Father never want to come home ! cathy oh Janice , he most certainly do . it 's just a terribly busy time for you father right now , and he 's under a great deal of strain . david ( to Janice ) yea ! 37 . janice shut up . cathy you know what , sybil ? wrap up a plate for Mr. whitaker . I be just gonna go and take it over there myself . sybil all the way downtown ? cathy it 's really not so far . anyway , the child be nearly through , and know Mr. whitaker , I will at least be spare he another night of pretzel and coffee . Cathy pick up she coat from a corner chair and start out the door as we dissolve to : int . office bldg . lobby - night Cathy , emerge through the shimmer of a revolve door , as quiet dissonance emerge , building slowly throughout the scene . she walk across the large marble - floor lobby , tupperware in hand , to the night - watch 's table . cathy I be just drop something off to my husband on the twelfth floor Mr. whitaker . the night - watch motion she in and Cathy continue briskly to the elevator . int . 12 th floor - night the elevator door open . Cathy step out onto the darken floor and start down the central corridor toward the executive suite . as she approach the outer office she realize there be no one else in sight , no light , no sign of work . cathy ( to herself , perplex ) Frank ? 38 . she glance around as she continue , doubtfully , in the direction of he office . then she notice a soft strip of light come from beneath he office door cathy ( shaking she head ) oh , Frank ... in a rush of wifely sympathy she walk up to the door and politely open it . cathy Frank - ? int . franks office - night instantly she see it : a shirtless blond man with loosen pants lock in a writhe kiss with another man in shirtsleeve , who appear to be fondle he . immediately they turn and jolt apart . it take she a moment to register that the man in shirtsleeve be Frank . all at once Cathy gasp , pull back and turn , drop she tupperware . she shut she eye and struggle for breath . Inside we can hear the man scramble to dress , knock something over in the process . suddenly Cathy turn face the door , reeling , horrify . Music burn with the weight of realization as she start back - step slowly , stare out in confusion and disbelief . she glimpsis something through the crack of the door and stop . Frank catch sight of she from inside . Cathy stare . he look down . suddenly the blond man slip out past he , darting briskly down the hall . he disappear down the stairwell where we can hear he echoey step slowly fade away . all at once Cathy turn and run , music return with thunder and storm . frank Cathy ! 39 . she run down the hall to the elevator , bang on the button until it open and throw herself inside . int . elevator - later Cathy gasp for air inside the dim , mirror- line elevator , try to pull she hair over she eye and shut out the world forever . slow fade to black ext . whitaker house - later Music bathes the shadowy quiet of the whitaker exterior , its darkness brush blue with moonlight , as we glide in slowly toward the live room window . int . live room - later Music continue as we creep in slowly on Cathy silhouett against the glass , freeze in think . suddenly there 's the sound of key at the door and we stop , silent . Cathy do not move . Frank quietly shut the door behind he and turn around . Dead , eerie silence . he remove he coat , hang it on the rack , and take a quilt out of the closet . he turn and stop , sense something . then he see she . Cathy just stare . but there 's a new kind of death in she face . Frank drop he head . he remain still for several second . finally cathy ( from a strange distance ) Mr. maynard ... leave a estimate ... for the roof . I put it in the kitchen . ( silence ) twelve hundred something . I assume you x11 want - ( silence ) a second opinion ... frank Cathy - cathy I can not - silence . frank I know . silence . he drop he head . frank I do not - ( do not finish ) cathy what ? frank I do not even ... Frank look up . he sigh with resignation . frank see ... once . Long time ago . Long long time ago . I have ... problem . I just figure ... that be - that be it . ( shaking he head ) I never ... imagine ... cathy you have ... problem ? frank yes . cathy you never ... speak to anyone ? a doctor ? frank no . cathy no one ? Frank shake he head . cathy I do not ... I do not understand . 40 . 41 . frank I do not either . cathy what if ... I mean there must be people who - who ... frank I do not know . cathy there must be . Frank suddenly seem a hundred mile away . cathy Frank ? Frank can barely look at she let alone respond . cathy because ... ( suddenly shaky ) otherwise , I just - I do not know what - oh Frank ! Soft music begin . Frank close he eye and quietly nod . Cathy exhales a tiny breath of relief . cathy ( softly ) thank you . he slowly - turn and Cathy watch as he start up the stair music expand . dissolve to : ext . medical CENTER - day the last Autumn leave be fall on this bright , blustery afternoon in the hartford business district . Cathy 's car can be see turn onto the main road and continue into town . ext . medical CENTER - day the large , modern medical complex stretch out against crisp blue sky and white cloud . down below we see Cathy pull into the Municipal lot . the white - cap attendant hand she a ticket , raise the gate and smile as she proceed in . 42 . Cathy walk up to the front of one of the building , check she watch and glance around for Frank . in a small park opposite , a young couple can be see lean against a tree , kissing . the girl pull away but the boy pursue eagerly , stroking the girl 's hair and whisper into she ear . Cathy watch , closer ( with a rear- project background ) . the boy try kissing she again , but the girl turn away , glance toward Cathy self - consciously . Cathy look down . she check she watch again and glance around one more time for Frank . we see he now , just crossing the street Cathy wave , start over in he direction . they meet and begin walk up the slope of stair . dissolve to : int . dr . bowman' office - waiting room - day the receptionist be swinging open the door of the wait room . receptionist Mr. and Mrs. whitaker .? cathy yes . Cathy and Frank get up from they chair . dr . bowman , a impose man in he fifty with a distinctive streak of white in he hair , be just step through the door as music fade . receptionist this be Dr. bowman . bowman ( shaking Frank 's hand firmly ) Mr. whitaker ? how do you . ( politely take Cathy 's ) Mrs. whitaker ? how lovely . cathy thank you . 43. bowman Mr. whitaker , Mrs. whitaker . as someone who 's be around numerous couple like yourselves , I realize how difficult this thing can be at time , particularly at the beginning . it 's be say the first step be always the hardest one to take . but as I be oft to remind my patient , without they , of course , why we would not even be walk ! so allow I first to commend you both ... for take that step today . cathy thank you , doctor . bowman before we sit down , be there any question I can answer ? Cathy look to Frank who vaguely gesture ' no . 's bowman no? alright. ( to Frank ) I suppose we may as well get start . Dr. bowman gesture to the door and Cathy start in first . bowman actually , Mrs. whitaker , I think it might be best if you husband and I converse - in private . cathy oh . in private . of course . bowman I think it 's best . cathy certainly . then I will - see you later , dear . frank see you later . and they close the door behind they . 44 , Cathy be motionless for a moment before turn back into the wait room and sit down . she smile at the receptionist who vaguely smile back . she look back at the door . dissolve to : int . dr . bowman' office - a bit later bowman today , the general attitude regard this sort , of behavior be , naturally , more modern , more scientific than it 's ever be before . after all , we be not live in the dark age . but for that who do seek treatment , who possess the will and desire to lead normal life , there still remain only a scant , 5 - to - 30 percent rate of success . for complete heterosexual conversion . interestingly , for many , it 's the treatment itself that often change the patient 's mind . one thing be certain . a successful outcome be only ever achieve when it 's what the patient himself desire more than anything else in the world . frank what do it - comprise of ? the treatment . bowman treatment be usually comprise of psychiatric session , twice a week sometimes more . frank just - talk ? bowman yes . though some patient have explore additional , more behavioral method . frank Behavioral ? 45 . bowman electro-shock aversion therapy , for instance , or hormonal re-balance procedure . but neither of this would be part of any standardize treatment . silence . Frank look down in think . bowman I know it can all seem rather daunt at first . ( lean back in he chair ) I suggest you take some time , think over the various option we discuss , discuss it with you wife - frank no , I - I already know - I want to go ahead . begin treatment . Frank try to gather he thought . frank I can not - let this thing destroy my life - my family 's life ! I know it 's a sickness because it make I feel - despicable , dirty . I promise you Dr. bowman , I be gonna beat this thing . I be gonna break it . so help I God . the doctor be listen . CUT to : int . waiting room - day the door swing open and Cathy turn to see Frank and Dr. bowman step into the wait room . bowman so why do not you go ahead and confirm the time we discuss with rosalyn . and I will see you here same time next Tuesday . ( they shake ) frank thank you , doctor . 46 . Cathy listen on , beam with pleasure . bowman Mr. whitaker . ( lean out toward Cathy ) Mrs. whitaker ! cathy thank you , doctor ! Frank walk right past she . Cathy turn to catch up with he . int . elevator - day Cathy join Frank in the panele elevator . the door close as a soft stir of music begin . Cathy look over at Frank who stare ahead , blankly . cathy Frank . frank what ? cathy I be just proud of you , that 's all . frank do not say that . cathy well I be . and he seem like a very decent man , Dr. bowman . do not you think ? he do not answer . cathy Frank ? frank I do not know , cathleen . I suppose he 's decent . the elevator door open and Frank stalk through the lobby and out the door , music thicken . Cathy follow . 47. ext . medical build - day Frank and Cathy walk out of the building into a strong wind . behind they a obscure , rear -projected hartford feel a million mile away . cathy but Frank , you must have like he enough to want to see he again . frank who else be I go see ? cathy well - I be sure there be numerous doctor - in hartford or in Springfield - if you do not - if you be not certain about - he stop sharply and turn to she . frank look ! I just want to get the whole fuck thing over with ! can you understand that ?! Cathy stare at he in shock and fear . cathy ( eye fill ) Frank ! please do not - Frank take she hand . suddenly he eye fill as well . frank I be sorry . I be sorry . he embrace she . frank Cathy , I be so sorry . the music open up . dissolve to : int . magnavox office - morning we pull out from a large , frame version of the mr.& Mrs. magnavox ad , to a view of the whole bustling floor 48 . the elevator door open and we follow Frank as he walk down the central aisle toward he office . he nod to the regular cycle of greeting ( ' good morning , Mr. whitaker ... Morning , sir ' ) . he approach Kitty 's desk . kitty good morning , Mr. whitaker . frank ( a bit faintly ) Kitty . kitty I hope you have a pleasant day , sir . frank ( glance back vaguely ) thank you . he continue on to he office . there , he discover marlene stand at she desk hold a break desk lamp . marlene good morning , Mr. whitaker . frank marlene . marlene I find this in the cupboard , sir . frank what 's that ? marlene you desk lamp . Sir . the one that be miss . Frank linger a moment , absently . frank ah . marlene should I have it repair , sir ? 49 . frank yes . yes - ( continue into he office ) thank you , marlene . marlene uh - Mr. whitaker , Mr. Fine 's be - the door close behind he . int . franks office - morning Frank stand a moment face the door in silence . stan ( off ) Frank ? Frank turn around to see Stan seat on a leather couch by the window . frank do not see you there ! stan ( slight beat ) everything alright ? frank with I ? ( brush it off ) oh ... Frank sit down at he desk as Stan get up , hold a large flat folder . frank what 's up . stan just pick up the galley from the printer . frank how do they look ? stan great . just great . 50 . frank Fine . fine. ( flipping through he appointment book ) why ' not you leave ‘em here and I will - have a look the first chance I get . stan ( slightly perplex ) sure . Stan walk over to the desk and set down the folder . stan you will ... let I know what you think ? frank course I will . you be first on my list . stan ( before leave ) so what 's it gonna take to get you back on that course , anyway ? we have not see you for week ! frank I know it . I have just be ... stan Sunday . no excuse . frank alright . stan I be hold you to it ! Stan leave Frank alone at he desk . stare straight ahead , he reach down to the bottom drawer and pull out the bottle of scotch . he unscrew the top , close he eye and take a long , dark swig , music rise . dissolve to : 51 . ext . fine's house - day it 's a cold , overcast day in the quiet , tree -line neighborhood of the Blue Hills district , as Cathy and Eleanor emerge from the house carry serve trays . Cathy 's car be park in the driveway of Eleanor 's modern ranch -style home . cathy thanks again , El . eleanor you sure that 's all I can give you ? cathy oh , yes . the caterer should have everything . I just think a few extras would be nice . they approach Cathy 's car . eleanor oh - and do not forget ! the art show 's Saturday so start work on Frank tonight . Cathy open the car door and start put the trays inside . cathy I swear he 's the kind of man you have to pin message to ! eleanor though I be sorry to say mona lauder will be attend . turn out she uncle 's in town , some hot - shot art - dealer from New York . I think I meet he at one of mona 's soiree 's . a bit flowery for my taste . cathy how do you mean ? eleanor oh , you know . a touch light on he foot ? cathy you mean ... 52 . eleanor yes , darling . one of that . of course I could be mistaken . just a impression I get . cathy you do not care for they particularly ? eleanor well , no , not particularly . not that I actually know any . call I old - fashioned , I just like all the man I be around to be all man . say ! why the third degree ? cathy it 's not the third degree , I just - ( climb into she car ) I be interested , that 's all . in you view . Eleanor do not look convinced . cathy I read a article recently . ina magazine . ( she close the car door ) - what ? eleanor nothing ! I be just delighted to see you take interest in yet another civic cause ! I can see it now : " cathleen whitaker and she kindness to homosexual ' ! cathy oh - that word . Cathy begin pull out . eleanor see you Sunday . and bring Frank ! cathy I will try . Eleanor wave and start back into the house as Cathy drive off . dissolve to : 53. ext . whitaker home - late afternoon afternoon shadow stretch across the whitaker 's block as Cathy turn the corner . she pull into the driveway just as Frank be get out of he car and David , dress in he baseball uniform , and Janice , in ballet clothes , come run to greet he . janice Father 's home ! Father 's home ! frank well look who 's here . the little ballerina herself . david hi-ya , pop ! frank ( to David ) whaduya say , kiddo ? Cathy step out of she car just as sybil appear to meet she cathy what a lovely surprise , have you home at a decent hour . thank you sybil . frank marlene have I set for another dinner meeting but I just say to reschedule . cathy oh , Frank . I be so pleased you do . they embrace and Frank kiss she as the whole family follow sybil into the house . int . whitaker dine room - evening the whitaker family be in the midst of a spirite dinner , though it 's clear all the enthusiasm in the room have begin to drain Frank of he . david then billy hutchison steal a pass at the ten yard line , pop . ran it all the way for a touch down . you shoulda see it ! 54 . janice Father , wanna see my routine for the ballet recital ? david I be talk to pop ! cathy Children . give you father a moment to eat he dinner . ( to Frank ) another lambchop , dear ? frank I be fine . cathy you sure ? I have plenty in the oven . frank I be fine . thank you . small silence . david we be play lincoln on Saturday , pop . if you be not work . cathy oh heaven , that remind I ! darling , this Saturday be that reception I tell you about , for the modern art show Eleanor 's group be sponsor . you remember ? frank oh God . cathy I know how you hate this thing but I simply have to go and Eleanor plead with I to ask you . david what about I ! no one care one bit what I be do Saturday ! like play one of the toughest team in the whole entire league ! 55 . cathy David I be sorry but this one Saturday you mother have a engagement that simply can not be change - david pop could come . Cathy look at Frank who be look down . david could not you , pop ? cathy we will see , David . no one talk for several second . cathy Janice , would you please pass the butter ? Janice pass the butter to she mother . dissolve to : int . whitaker bedroom - later Frank watch tv from bed . Cathy sit at she vanity do a hundred stroke , look over at he while brush . cathy Frank ? frank hmm . cathy ( brief silence ) do you see he ? frank yea . cathy when ? frank yesterday . 56 . cathy you do not say a word . he continue stare at the tv . cathy so how be it ? with bowman ? do you feel - frank it 's fine . cathy ( put down the brush coax ) and there 's nothing more you care to share with you very own ador wife ? frank cathleen , what I discuss with this doctor . it 's private . that 's - part of it . alright ? I be sorry . cathy I understand , dear . I do . Cathy look at he a moment before lift up the brush and turn back to the mirror . cathy oh and Frank , wait will you see the hor d'oeuvre ! the caterer be do such a marvelous job . I think you be go to be very pleased this year , darling . I really do . dissolve to : ext . hartford CENTER for the art - day a frolic of music rise as we survey a busy corner within the hartford cultural district a small bustle of lady and they husband be milling around the entrance to a spacious , private gallery . the easle sign in the front window read : - hartford lady auxiliary present - 20 print by the master of modern art work by picasso , chigal & other 57 . finally , Cathy come run up to the door of the gallery . int . gallery - day Cathy squeeze past cluster of visitor hold glass of wine when she spot Eleanor stand in front of a large Christmas tree . Eleanor be chat with mona lauder , a impose , chinless brunette ( fortyish ) , and mr . farnsworth mona 's uncle , a rotund middle - age man with die ginger hair and a wax mustache . cathy Eleanor - darling ! I be so sorry I be late . mona cathleen ! cathy hello mona . mona darling , I want to introduce you to my uncle , Morris farnsworth , a wickedly successful gotham art dealer who be kind enough to attend we provincial little gather . Morris darling , allow I to introduce my dear little friend cathleen whitaker - whose face and civic fancy be hardly stranger to the society page of hartford ! cathy oh mona , really . you must ignore she , Mr. farnsworth . Mr. farnsworth extend he hand . farnsworth ( rather affect ) charme . cathy I hope you enjoy you stay . mona Morris be just tell we the most delightful tale . all about a forge rembrandt ! 58 . farnsworth well there 's really not much more to it than that . you can only imagine my utter disdain in discover the gift of so masterful a impersonator in as base and uncivilize a character as the man ultimately convict of the crime . mona it 's fascinating , be not it ? eleanor Cathy , darling , do not let we keep you . I know you want to see the show . cathy I be die to see it . mona oh yes . it 's simply charming . Eleanor you should be so proud . eleanor why thank you , mona . cathy Lovely meeting you , Mr. farnsworth . farnsworth likewise , my dear . Cathy throw Eleanor a little smile as she start off into the gallery . moment later Cathy stand in front of a beautiful Picasso ' cry woman ' . suddenly - flash ! - Cathy turn to see Mrs. leacock stand beside she photographer . mrs. leacock pardon I , dear , but it be too lovely to resist : wife of hartford executive commune with Picasso ! cathy Mrs. leacock . Lovely to see you again . 59 . mrs . leacock and how be that charming husband of yours ? cathy he 's very well , thank you - Cathy stop suddenly , spot someone across the room . Raymond be stand with he daughter sarah ( age 11 ) , lean over she and discuss one of the picture on the wall . ( not surprisingly , they be the only black face in the room . ) cathy Mrs. leacock , would you excuse I a moment ? mrs . leacock certainly , dear . Cathy smile and start over to Raymond and he little girl as Mrs. leacock and the photographer observe . Raymond look up and see Cathy approach . he smile and stand . raymond Mrs. whitaker ! hello ! cathy Raymond . what a tremendous surprise - find you here . be this you daughter ? raymond yep . this be Sarah . Sarah , this be Mrs. whitaker . Mrs. whitaker own one of the garden I look after cathy hello , Sarah . sarah hello . raymond ( spot something out front ) say , Sarah , be not that hutch and he little brother I see , play out front ? 60 . Raymond direct Sarah 's attention to the front of the gallery where billy hutchison . ( hutch , age 11 ) and two other white boy can be see through the glass , play with paper airplane . raymond you remember they , do not you , baby ? Sarah shake she head , sullenly . raymond sure you do . the day we go to Mrs. hutchison 's house . sarah ( softly ) oh , yea . raymond what do you say about go out and see if they would like to play for a little while ? how do that sound ? Sarah look at she father . it 's clear it 's the very last thing she want to do , but be too shy to say anything in front of Cathy . raymond aww , there 's nothing to be afraid of . sarah ( softly ) I know ... raymond it 's only polite to say hello to people you have meet in the past . ah , go on , give it a try . for daddy . Sarah look down , turn slowly and start reluctantly toward the front of the gallery . raymond attagirl ! cathy oh Raymond , she 's lovely . raymond thank you . 61 . cathy and how wonderful of you to expose she - to art and culture this way . raymond well , my mother , she be always try to expose my brother and I to the finer thing , and we fight she every step of the way . I guess I be sort of make up for bad behavior . cathy but how on earth do you hear about this show ? raymond well I do read the papers . cathy well of course you do . I just mean - it be such a coincidence . raymond I know . I be just teasing you . cathy ( slightly lower voice ) because you know I be not prejudice . Raymond smile at she . cathy ( quite serious ) my husband and I have always believe in equal right for the negro , and support the nacp . raymond well I be glad to hear that . cathy I just - I want you to know . raymond well thank you . cathy not at all . 62 . as they start into the final room of the gallery we see Sarah through the window outside , watch as the boy try unsuccessfully to launch they paper airplane . ext . gallery - day Close on hutch 's paper airplane as he friend , Tommy , give it a throw . hutch go ! the plane nosedive and hutch go to get it . hutch straighter , Tommy ! you gotta throw it straighter . and hard ! one , two , three - go ! Tommy throw it hard but it sputter down once again . Sarah giggle to herself . sarah it 's too heavy ! the boy stop and turn . hutch what ? sarah on the end . you airplane ! hutch who ask you ?! c’mon , Bobby . hutch motion to the other and the boy start back into the gallery . int . gallery - day hutch and he brother return to they parent as Sarah watch from outside , alone . meanwhile Cathy and Raymond be look at a miro. 63 . raymond so what be you opinion on modern art ? cathy it 's hard to put into word really . I just know what I care for and what I " do not . like this - I be not sure how you pronounce it - mirra ? raymond miro . cathy miro . I do not know why but I just adore it . the feel it give . I know that sound terribly vague . raymond no . it actually confirm something I have always wonder about modern art , abstract art . cathy what be that ? raymond that perhaps it 's just pick up where religious art leave off . you know . try to somehow show you divinity , put it up there on the wall . the modern artist just pare it down to the most basic element of shape and color . but when you look at that miro , you feel it just the same . cathy why that 's lovely , Raymond . we hear the brief shriek of a woman 's laugh . Cathy turn to mona lauder , Mr. farnsworth and two other woman , one stifling she giggle , snicker amongst themselves over Cathy and she Eleanor , who be stand listen to a elderly woman , also notice the commotion . elderly woman to tell you the truth , I be rather shocked by the price . ( more ) 64 . elderly woman ( cont would ) but then I have always prefer the work of the master ... rembrandt , Michelangelo - Eleanor spot Cathy say goodbye to Raymond and start off down the hall . eleanor I be terribly sorry - would you excuse I a moment ? elderly woman certainly . Eleanor start after Cathy . eleanor cathleen ! cathy El , honey . it all look just marvelous - Eleanor whisk Cathy to the side . eleanor Cathy , who on earth be that man ? you have the whole place ina clamor ! cathy oh for heaven sake , why ? because of that ridiculous story ? eleanor ( squinting off at Raymond ) who be he ? Raymond be now introduce Sarah to a smile , middle - age woman in a hat . cathy his name 's Raymond deagan . he 's otis deagan 's son . eleanor you gardener ? cathy yes . he pass away very recently and Raymond 's take over he business . 65 . eleanor well you certainly seem on familiar term with the man . cathy oh what do that mean ? familiar term ? he happen to have some very enlighten view on miro. ( glance at she watch ) oh , jeeper , would you look at the time ! El , I have to fly . they start walk toward the door . cathy I be have the carpet clean for tomorrow . eleanor what time be the caterer show ? cathy they say four . eleanor I will come early too . for moral support ! cathy you be a doll . Cathy wave bye and dash out of the gallery . dissolve to : ext . whitaker house - dusk Music accompany a slow and stately ascent upon the whitaker house , trim with car and burst from inside with the exuberance of the annual company party . we can even hear the distant clamor of merriment and laughter churn from within . int . live room - dusk the house , impeccably decorate , be swarm with people in evening dress , drink , smoking , chat , laugh . a overstuff Christmas tree glisten in the corner as a endless parade of hor d'oeuvre be pass solemnly by the all - black , formally uniform , serve staff . 66 . Cathy shimmer in a gown of sapphire blue , stand surround at one end of the room , while Frank stand with drink in hand , surround at the other . we see various face from the magnavox office , include marlene . Cathy be listen to a middle - age elderly woman . elderly woman not to say that I be against integration mind you . I do believe it 's the Christian thing to . but I still say what happen in Little rock could just as easily have happen here in hartford . a stout , red-face man answer . red -face man nonsense ! elderly woman and why be that ? red -face man well for one thing , there 's no Governor faubus in Connecticut . but the main reason - they're no negroes ! ( laugh ) two of the serve staff close enough to have hear he remark continue serve . dick dawson , a tall , strapping man in he mid -30' , be lean on a chair beside Cathy . dick no , but I do hear there be some rather dangerous pro-integration type . right here in hartford ! elderly woman dangerous ? dick oh yes . some very attractive one in fact . noted , I be tell , for they kindness to negroes ! cathy ( slapping he arm ) oh Dick , stop ! where on earth do you hear about that ? 67 . dick shirley read it to I . cathy I should have know . red -face man what 's all this ? cathy absolutely nothing ! here , let I freshen that . Cathy take Dick and the red-face man 's glass and start off toward the bar . Frank be at the couch with Stan Fine , doreen and she husband ron . as Cathy pass , Stan call out to she . stan by golly there she be now ! prettiest gal in the room ! cathy oh , Stan ! liquor do bring out the Texan in you . I just hope Eleanor be not listen . stan ( put a arm around she ) so what if she be ! I still say Frank 's the luckiest guy in town . ron here , here ! Frank be hunch over listen , noticeably intoxicate . frank ( think he 's be witty ) smoke and mirror , fella ! that 's all it be . you should see she without she face on ! Frank laugh at he own joke and a few join in awkwardly . doreen erank ! 68 . cathy no , he 's absolutely right . we lady be never really what we appear . and every girl have she secret ! doreen I will say . frank ( thrust he glass at she ) well how ' bout this girl go and get she husband another drink ? how ' bout that ? cathy ( still smile ) you do not think you might have - already have enough , darling ? frank no , I do not think I have already have - doreen ( interrupt , raise she glass ) well I would just like to take a moment to raise a glass to we marvelous host and hostess and another glorious annual Party at the whitaker 's ! to Frank and Cathy , truly Mr. and Mrs. magnavox ! everyone around they raise they glass ' to Frank and Cathy 's and toast . Cathy and Frank smile and nod at they guest , but the strain be evident cathy thank you ... now who can I freshen up ? ron ? ron I be fine . stan me. cathy I think you be fresh enough . Cathy start off toward the bar . sybil be crossing with a tray . lady 69 . wonderful party , cathleen . cathy thank you . sybil here , Mrs. whitaker that . cathy thank you , sybil . let I take Eleanor approach Cathy as she finish give sybil the empty glass . eleanor Cathy ? cathy hi. Eleanor pull she aside , by a window . he so eleanor honey ? be everything alright ? cathy what do you mean ? eleanor Frank . I have never see souse . cathy oh , no . he 's just be hard lately . he 's be tremendous strain . eleanor you sure that 's all ? cathy oh , yes . eleanor you would tell I if there more ? cathy of course I would . - work so under such be anything 70 . Eleanor put a hand on Cathy 's back as they start back into the party . eleanor by the way , kid . I think we just throw ourselves one class - a swanky function . cathy it do turn nicely , do not it . a woman call out to Cathy . woman cathleen , darling . you have simply outdone yourself - once again ! dissolve to : whitaker live room - later Cathy stand at the door wave goodbye to the last guest ( probably Eleanor & Stan ) cathy thanks for everything ! I will call you tomorrow ! goodnight ! Cathy close the door and step into the half - darken house , still strewn with party debris . she take a deep breath of relief , and notice Eleanor 's serve - ware by the bar . cathy oh , shoot - I forget to give Eleanor she server . Frank sit in a armchair , rouge in shadow . Cathy walk toward the stair and stop , look at he . cathy Frank ? he do not respond , and she continue on toward the stair . cathy well , if I do say so myself , I think it be a very lovely party , all consider . she stop to gather she wrap at the foot of the stair . she look off a moment , very still . 71 . cathy ( quiet and level ) I just do not understand . why it have to turn ugly . in front of we friend . ( silence ) honestly , Frank . if you do not insist on - she stop , hearing something , and turn - Frank be suddenly approach . cathy what be it - ? but all at once he 's upon she - roll into she arm and kissing the side of she neck , music rush . Cathy be stunne , but gradually begin return he affection . cathy oh Frank ... they fold into the couch , kissing , and suddenly Frank be on top of she . at first she 's unsettle by he strong urgency but she allow it to continue , stroking he head and try to slow he down . but he become only more persistent panting and thrust and turn red from the effort . Cathy close she eye and try to weather it . then with a sudden half - choke cry , Frank surrender , turn away from she and mutter aloud in exhaustion and defeat frank oh Jesus ! Jesus , what 's happen ! I can not even ... oh God ! cathy Frank ! Frank , it do not matter , darling ! the important thing be to keep ... try . keep - frank ( sit up suddenly , he back to she ) do not - cathy Frank ! she put she hand on he shoulder but he shake it off . frank do not. ( silence ) ( more ) 72 . frank ( cont would ) because I be sure - you know - Dick Dawson would not mind ... lend he service every now and again ! cathy oh , Frank . she reach for he arm again and he try to wriggle free , but she hold on . frank I mean , you would not mind that so terribly much , would you ? good - lookin 's guy like Dick . maybe even Stan would pitch in ! cathy ( hold tighter ) Frank , please . you be the only man I would ever - frank let go ! cathy you be all man to I , Frank ! and all man ! frank stoppit ! furiously he swipe she hand away and accidentally strike , she hard in the face with he cufflink . cathy ( cover she face ) oh , Frank ! frank I be sorry . Cathy , I be sorry . I do not mean to - Cathy grab a cloth napkin from the coffee table and press it to she head . cathy it 's alright . I be alright . it be a accident . frank be it bleed ? cathy just the littlest bit . 73. frank oh , Jesus . Frank just stand there , helpless . cathy perhaps you could get I a little ice , dear . frank Ice ? cathy yes. frank Cathy , I be ... cathy I know , dear . it 's alright . I be alright . Frank slowly back away , toward the kitchen , music expand . Cathy just close she eye . dissolve to : int . whitaker bedroom - late morning Cathy stand before the mirror in she bedroom vanity brush she hair over the small wound on she forehead . she put down the brush , take one last look and start out of she room . int . landing - late morning as Cathy pass a upstairs window she see Eleanor 's car just pull up to the house . Cathy take a breath and start down the stair . ext . whitaker house doorway - late morning Eleanor be just ringing the doorbell when Cathy open the door , hold she friend 's serve - ware . cathy hi. 74 . eleanor hey there , honey . listen , I can not stay . I be meeting Stan for lunch at the club . cathy that sound nice . I can not believe I let you get away last night without this . eleanor it 's cute , you hair that way . cathy yea ? I experiment . here . eleanor it 's adorable . as Cathy hand the server to Eleanor a serve spoon fall out . eleanor whoopsie ! Cathy pick it up from the ground and put its back in the dish . eleanor thanks . Eleanor smile at Cathy . suddenly she stop smile . eleanor Cathy ? Cathy 's hair no longer conceal the bruise on she forehead . cathy what ? eleanor what happen to you head ? Cathy 's hand fly up to cover it cathy nothing , I - hit the door . it be the silliest thing . Eleanor continue stare with concern . 75 . eleanor Cathy . cathy what . eleanor do something happen - between you and Frank ? cathy what do you mean ? eleanor Cathy I be you best friend . cathy nothing happen . nothing at all . eleanor oh , Cathy . cathy ( suddenly quivery ) Eleanor ! eleanor ( look hard at she ) Cathy I be you dearest and close friend in the world . you can call I . Day or night . you hear ? Cathy nod . Eleanor remain look , worriedly at she friend . then she sigh and turn to go . Cathy watch , unable to move . she can not contain it any longer and start after - but stop herself again . Eleanor be climb into she car . she shut the door . Cathy turn around face she house , eye flooding , as we hear Eleanor drive off . not ready to go back in , she proceed down the step to the side of the house , under a tree . there in the shade she take a few short breath , try to gather herself . she begin to focus on something on the ground in front of she . it 's a pair of black boot . 76 . Raymond stand a couple yard away watch , not know what to do . she see he and the tear spill from she eye . raymond oh - Mrs. whitaker ... he take a step toward she and stop . raymond be there - anything I can do ? she shake she head no , wiping the tear and try to shield she forehead from view . raymond you sure ? cathy thank you , no . I be fine , really . it 's just - be a difficult time . with my husband . raymond it do happen . between marry people . cathy I know it do . I just ... ( she turn away ) it 's so embarrassing . please forgive I . raymond forgive you for what ? he look off for a moment , then back at Cathy . raymond Mrs. whitaker , listen . I have to go deliver some shrub to a farmhouse just out of town . which mean I have to get a move on . why do not you come on along for the ride ? Little fresh air , change of scenery ? might help take you mind off thing . Cathy feel a sudden guard . 77 . cathy no. I could not . but thank you Raymond . for offer . that 's very kind of you . raymond you sure ? sybil ( off ) Mrs. whitaker ? be you out here ? Cathy turn , call out toward the porch . cathy yes , sybil ! sybil ( off ) it 's Mrs. barker on the phone ! cathy thank you , sybil ! I will be right in ! ( back to Raymond ) I should get back . raymond okay . she turn to leave . from Raymond 's view beneath the tree we can see she leg stride back to the porch and up the step into the house . int . whitaker' bedroom - moment later Cathy walk over to the table by the window and pick up the phone . cathy hello ?... yes . how be you , Mrs barker ... not at all ... as Cathy talk she step over toward she vanity and glance at herself in the mirror . she adjust she hair so that it cover she forehead as before . cathy yes , I be plan to pick they up at five ... I see . so you would like to switch for Thursday ? no , I do not think that would be a problem ... ( more ) 78 . cathy ( cont would ) well I be glad I could be of help ... certainly ... bye now . Cathy step back to the table and hang up the phone , still for a moment . she glance out the window into the yard . Raymond can be see throw he toolbag over he shoulder and set off for the day . Cathy remain look out , in think . ext . whitaker house - moment later Raymond be just shutting the door of he truck when Mrs. whitaker come walk briskly from the house . she be wear she coat and she lilac scarf . cathy Raymond ! Raymond turn , see she come . raymond Mrs. whitaker ... Cathy stop a couple of yard from he truck , feel suddenly rather awkward . cathy hi. raymond hello . cathy well , would not you know it . I just receive a call and suddenly everything 's change . anyway . I just ... she 's do not even know what to say . raymond you change you mind ? Cathy smile , shyly . raymond ( smile back ) well good ! Raymond open he door and get out . 79 . int . live room - late morning through the live room window , sybil catch sight of Raymond help Cathy into he truck . she stop what she 's do a moment as Raymond 's truck take off down the street , music swirl . dissolve to : ext . rural vista - day we see Raymond 's truck drive down a road flanke by golden hill . he turn up the drive of a old ranch house , and drive up to the top . dissolve to : ext . ranch house - a bit later a large , rustic ranch - house sit on a bluff overlook the late - Autumn vista of fade gold . Raymond 's truck be park in front of the house where Raymond stand with the ranch owner signing a receipt . Cathy have begin strolling past the house toward a clear in the tree . [ throughout the follow exterior rear-projected facsimile succor the close -up , but all ' natural splendor 's should shimmer with process . ] Raymond shake hand with the ranch -owner and start over to where Cathy stand , look out . on the way he break off a branch from a tree with white bark and round , golden yellow leave which he present to she . cathy it 's lovely . what be it ? raymond it 's call a quaking aspen . fairly rare in this part . cathy ( admire the branch ) it 's beautiful . ( look out at the vista ) and you be right . what a perfectly lovely spot . 80 . raymond sometimes a little green , some fresh air , just help put thing back on the shelf . ' Cause it sure can be a dishevel world out there , every now and again . cathy I will say it can . Cathy look over toward a clear in the grove . cathy be that a path ? raymond look like it . cathy oh let 's have a peek . raymond alright . they start off down the path , Cathy lead , music burgeon . dissolve to : ext . wooded trail - later Cathy and Raymond stroll down the gently wind path , red carpete by the last of autumn while cloak in a early winter mist . as they stroll they be each aware of the diminish formality between they . dissolve to : ext . wooded trail - later they come upon a cluster of wildflower . raymond so you say he 's see a specialist ? cathy yes , well ... a psychiatrist really . ( more ) 81 . cathy ( cont would ) my husband 's be suffer froma great deal of strain , recently . uncertainty . raymond I be sorry . cathy I know he 's in good hand - it 's just ... what with everything that 's be go on recently , it just - I do not know - feel at time like there 's no one leave in the world I can talk to ! Cathy smile to herself and look back at he . cathy ( lightly ) except you ! Raymond smile . raymond well . sometimes it 's the people outside we world we confide in best . cathy why ? just because they be outside ? raymond and because they may have have experience similar to ours . because they care to listen . cathy and once you do . confide . share that experience with someone . they be no longer really outside , be they ? they have come upon a small wooden bridge under which a perfect stream pass . they stop for a moment . cathy it 's lovely , be not it ? she kneel down and look into the stream . Raymond be look down at she . there 's a sadness in he eye , and he squat down beside she , music waking . 82 . raymond ( with great gentleness ) do he cause that ? he be look at the mark on she forehead . Cathy put she hand over it and stand , silent for a moment cathy he do not mean to strike I . she look down at the stream and take a step away . raymond I be sorry . cathy no . Heaven know we all have we trouble . I be sure you yourself ... raymond what ? cathy oh , I do not know . ever since run into you at the exhibition ... well I just keep wonder what it must be like . be the only one in a room . color , or whatever it be . how that might possibly feel . I be sure I have never - she stop , glance out again at the hill . Raymond look out as well . raymond well , I suppose it 's something you sort of grow accustom to . over time . do not get I wrong . there be a world - even right here in hartford - where everybody do indeed look like I . only trouble be , very few people ever leave that world . I just want what any father want for he child , the opportunity grow up I never have . cathy naturally . 83. raymond but I will tell you something - if you be really interested - cathy oh I be . raymond ( have a sudden think ) be you hungry ? could you eat something ? cathy ( brief silence ) I suppose I could . raymond tell you what . let I take you to one my favorite spot , not far from here . on good day they get hot food , cold drink , and just about discernible music . cathy well it 's hard to beat that ! raymond ( smile ) there you go ! Cathy smile back as they start back up the path . dissolve to : ext . ernie' bar & grill - late afternoon against the gray , industrial side of town , gleam the pink and green neon of Ernie 's bar&grill . we see Raymond 's truck just pull into the driveway . ext . car wash - late afternoon across the street at a car wash , a young black attendant give two short honk from a shiny black edsel and look around . a woman in a black feathered hat approach . it 's mona lauder . mona here I be ! yoo-hoo ? 84 . the attendant take she ticket and escort she to the driver 's seat but mona tarry a moment , catch sight of something across the street . the attendant look off in the same direction . outside Ernie 's , Raymond be see help Cathy out of he truck , take she arm and escort she into the club . mona remain devilishly fix as she step into the car and the attendant shut the door . mona ( hand he a nickel ) thank you ... very much , indeed . mona start she engine with a content little smirk . int . ernie be - late afternoon the front door open and Cathy and Raymond step into the entry way of the club . cathy ( fix she hair ) well I be hardly dress for a restaurant . raymond you look fine . the main room at Ernie 's be a smoky de of small square table and black booth , color mostly by neon overspill and Christmas light . most notably , everyone in the room be black . as Raymond and Cathy enter everyone in sight turn and look . cathy Raymond . Raymond contain a little smile . raymond do not worry . it 's a very friendly place . Raymond start in and Cathy follow , reluctantly . a small blue band be just set up as a old jukebox play and one couple dance . 85 . Raymond pass esther , a dolled - up waitress in she late 20' who scowl at he as he stop , glance around the room for a table . raymond say there esther , darling . what ? you do not say hello any more ? esther ( check out Cathy ) look like you be speakin’ fine for yourself . raymond oh , you be just sore ' cause I have not be come around like I use to . esther be that so ? raymond now what do you say about bring we over a couple of drink . ( to Cathy ) what would you like ? cathy oh. a daiquiri ? if they - raymond one daiquiri , and a bourbon on the rock . thank you , doll . esther roll she eye and turn . as Raymond escort Cathy to a table , a glaring man stand up from he table just as Raymond be pass . glaring man ( to Raymond ) what d' you think you be do , boy ? Raymond pass he without look , continue with Cathy to a corner table below a mirror and help Cathy into she chair he sit down opposite she . the glaring man stare after a moment , then take off adamantly toward the bar . 86 . cathy ( a little tense ) well I hope you find this very amusing . raymond what do you mean ? it 's a very welcoming place ! ( spot someone and nodd ) how you doin 's Gus . a middle - age man at another table ( look fairly souse ) raise he glass to Raymond , then to Cathy . Cathy smile back at he . raymond see what I mean ? Cathy watch as a second couple step up to the dance - floor . meanwhile esther return with drink and menus . cathy thank you . raymond thank you , esther . she leave . raymond ( raise he glass ) well . here 's to be the only one . Cathy look at he a moment and then smile , shaking she head . she toast he glass and he laugh . raymond really . we do not have to stay if you be not comfortable . cathy no . as long I keep away from esther , I think I will be fine . raymond alright , then . the jukebox song have end and the band kick into its first number , a tender '' I 'il be see you . '' Raymond turn to watch , smile . 87 . a few man in blue-collar uniform be saunter out of a smoke - fill pool - room , beer bottle in hand . they also stop to listen to the band , while two more couple head up to the floor to dance . Cathy look over at Raymond , and smile to herself . cathy thank you , Raymond . he turn to she . cathy for a lovely afternoon . raymond well thank you , Mrs. whitaker . I have have one as well . cathy ' Mrs. whitaker . 's sound so formal . would you - she stop . raymond ( gently ) would I what ? brief silence . cathy ask I to dance ? Raymond smile and slowly stand . Cathy do the same and turn , lead as Raymond follow unhurriedly to the dance - floor . the man in blue-collar uniform watch Raymond pass with contempt in they eye , before finally turn and filing out of the bar . Cathy stop beneath a blossom of rosy light and turn smile as Raymond join she . she take he hand and they begin to dance , tenderly , in the soft glow of Ernie 's surround by other dancer and other lover . fade to black . fade up on : 88. int . live room - late morning we follow a vase display the golden quaking aspen branch as sybil carry it into the live room . Cathy be gather she belonging , get ready to leave the house . cathy oh , do not that look lovely . let 's see now , where should we put it ...? how about there , sybil , by the window ? sybil place the vase on a high end - table near the window . cathy oh yes , that 's lovely . sybil it certainly be . cathy ( check she purse ) now where be that list you give I - though I swore to Janice I would not be late for she recital . sybil you can not miss that . cathy ( find the list ) here it be . ( walk over to she coat ) you know , sybil , I have be meaning to ask you ... sybil yes , mar ’am ? cathy what be the name of that church group you belong to - the one you have mention so often ...? sybil you mean at ebenezer ? the bible group ? cathy ( put on she coat ) yes , I believe that be it . 89 . sybil or be it South Green Baptist . during the Fair drive . the lady auxiliary ? cathy I do not realize there be more than one . sybil oh , yes . I always seem to be signing up for something . cathy well I think that 's marvelous sybil . that you even find the time , what with all you do for we . ( put on she scarf ) we just have so much up in the attic I have be meaning to go through . I think you might know of a church or civic group that could benefit from a donation . sybil well - certainly , Mrs. whitaker . if that 's what you be look for . place in need be never too hard to find . cathy ( open the door ) well I suppose you be right about that - Cathy stop with a start . a young black couple be stand in the doorway . cathy yes ? May I - help you with something ? sybil look on suspiciously , observe the couple 's conservative attire and officious clipboard . young man be this the whitaker residence ? cathy yes. 90 . young man be you - ( glance at a clipboard ) Mrs. Frank whitaker ? cathy yes . young man ( recite he standard introduction ) good afternoon , mar ’am . allow I to introduce myself . my name 's reginald Carter and this be martha Livingston and we be member of the hartford branch of the National Association for the advancement of color people . as a charitable organization we rely heavily on the aid of volunteer and membership revenue from the general public . perhaps you would be interested in read over we complimentary brochure which explain more about the n-a-a-c-p , its many achievement and goal for the future . cathy well - certainly , I be familiar with you organization - I just ... May I ask how you obtain we name and this address ? young man you give it to we mar ’am . cathy I do ? young man when you sign we petition support the funding initiative . cathy ( think for a moment , then ) oh. yes , I do remember signing for that . young man perhaps you would be interested in read over we complimentary - 91 . cathy yes , I would - young man if you would not mind signing we roster ? cathy perhaps - sybil , would you mind signing for this ? I be terribly late at it be . sybil , who have try busy herself at the hall table , look up , just as the phone start to ring . cathy ( start out the door ) whoever it be I be go ! thank you , sybil - I should be back by five ! sybil ( step to the door ) yes , mar 'am . as Cathy scurries off the three look after , music hang . dissolve to : int . car - day Cathy drive down hawthorne street look out she window eagerly , music stir softly . the red-and -green Christmas decoration on the lamp -post only seem to accentuate the greyness of the neighborhood . then she spot it . a small storefront with Christmas tree out front read deagan garden shop . she smile to herself as she continue on , pick up speed . dissolve to : ext . hartford STREET - day a wind whistle through downtown hartford as Cathy hurry out of the local stop -&- shop carry grocery . she smile at a woman pass on the street , and hurry on to she car 92 . the woman stop and turn , look back at Cathy as she go . two lady be pass down the street - the same two lady who stand snicker with mona and she uncle at the art show . one of they spot Cathy and whisper something to the other . Cathy notice , stop a moment before shutting the trunk of she car , then rush on . dissolve to : ext . dance school - later Cathy dash in the front door of the building where a sign be post . it read : ballet recital today int . dance school - later Inside the dimly - light recital room mother sit in row of fold chair watch as a class of 10 and 11 - year - old girl perform a routine . Cathy step into the main room , hushed in attention , and stop to watch . Janice come run over . janice mother ! a ballet instructor turn and shh 's they . cathy ( whisper ) hello , dear . Janice embrace she and then turn to face the recital , curling around she mother and keep hold of she hand . cathy do the recital just begin ? Janice nod . cathy so where be the other little girl from you class ? janice over there . a queer fog of music form as Cathy look over to the other side of the room . 93 . all the other girl Janice 's age be stand with they mother at the opposite end of the room . the mother all seem to be look over at Cathy ( or pretend not to ) while clutching they daughter 's hand or pull they close . and all the little girl be quiet , stare sleepily at they estrange classmate and she silently taint - mother . Music spill over dissolve to : ext . whitaker house - later afternoon we move in from a slow distance , angle toward the garage , as Cathy follow Janice up the porch step into the house . dissolve to : int . whitaker live room - late afternoon the front door open and Cathy and Janice enter the house , dank with late afternoon . cathy sybil , we be home ! there 's no answer . suddenly Janice go run into the house and straight up the stair . the phone start to ring . cathy Janice ? Janice ? Cathy watch she go . the phone continue ringing and Cathy sigh , put down she purse and scarf and start into the kitchen . cathy sybil ? int . kitchen - day Cathy enter the kitchen , light only by the late - day sun . there be no sign of sybil as she go to answer the phone . cathy hello ? 94 . eleanor ( through receiver ) Cathy ! cathy El ? int . fine's bedroom - late afternoon Eleanor crouch on the phone , pane shadow lining she face . eleanor oh Cathy , thank heaven you be home . I have be try you all day . int . whitaker kitchen - late afternoon cathy El , what be it ? eleanor ( through receiver ) so you have not hear . you have not hear a thing ? cathy no - about what ? Eleanor , what happen ? int . fine bedroom - late afternoon eleanor oh Cathy , there 's be talk . vicious talk . cathy ( through receiver ) what do you mean ? about what ? eleanor about you ! cathy ( through receiver ) oh , for heaven 's sake - what now ? eleanor oh , honey , I wish you never even have to know . ( more ) 95 . eleanor ( cont would ) it 's mona , Cathy , she 's - well , she 's just be on some kind of rampage , swear up and down she see you and a color man , somewhere out on Franklin , come out of a truck or some such thing - int . whitaker' kitchen - late afternoon Cathy close she eye . eleanor ( cont would through receiver ) the same color man , she claim you be talk to at the art show ! cathy but that 's - that 's preposterous ! I mean yes I have speak to Mr. deagan on occasion . but this make it sound like - eleanor ( through receiver ) Cathy , believe I , I have be at my wit end . you have no idea what it 's be like around here - the phone 's be ringing off the hook since eight this morning ! cathy but Eleanor - the entire thing - be so absurd ! eleanor ( through receiver ) darling , I know . cathy but what in the world can I do ? eleanor ( through receiver ) well . I suppose you could start by get yourself another gardener . Cathy suddenly turn . Frank be stand in the shadow off the kitchen , look down . 96 . cathy Frank ! what on earth - I do not even hear you - ( to Eleanor ) Eleanor , Frank just walk in . can I call you back ? eleanor ( through receiver ) of course . you go ahead . cathy I will call you later . Cathy hang up the phone . cathy Frank , what be you do home ? be everything alright - ? he start toward she , out of the dark , a drink in he hand . frank just tell I one goddamn thing . cathy what ? frank be it true ? what they be say ? cathy oh , Frank , I can not believe you even frank because if it be , even the slight bit , so help I God , cathleen - cathy Frank I be sorry you ever even have to hear of such nonsense ! frank yea ' , well , Dick Dawson do not seem to think it be such nonsense when he snuck away from he desk today to phone I - cathy good heaven - silence . 97 . frank he say the whole friggin ' town 's be talk ! cathy Frank , sybil will hear you . frank I send she out . - Christ , cathleen ! do you even have the slight idea what this mean ? do you realize the kind of effect this could have on I and the reputation I have spend the past eight year of my life try to build ? for you and the child and the company ? cathy Frank , I swear to you , whatever mona lauder see or think she see be entirely a figment of that woman 's hateful imagination ! yes . I would speak with Raymond deagan on certain occasion - he bring he little girl to Eleanor 's art show ! but evidently , even here in hartford , the idea of a white woman even speak to a color man be more than any - frank please ! spare I the negro rights ! cathy Frank , you know what that woman be capable of . besides I - I have already give he notice . we will not be see the man again . frank Fine . cathy be that why you be home ? because of what Dick say ? Frank just look down at he drink , jiggling the glass . cathy Frank ? 98 . he look up at she with a little smirk , downs the rest of he drink , and walk out of the kitchen toward the bar cathy what , Frank . ( she follow ) do something happen at work ? int . live room - continuous Frank be at the bar refilling he drink when Cathy approach . she stop and look at he . cathy Frank ? frank I guess you could call it sort of a early Christmas bonus . cathy what do mean ? Frank take he drink over to the couch and flop into it frank a month of rest and relaxation ' ! can you imagine ? during the busy season of the year ?! I mean what a goddamn honor !! but I guess when you consider the bang - up job I have be do , ever since good ole Dr. bowman enter the scene ! and for be , as millstein put it - what ? - " year overdo ' ! - cathy but Frank you do deserve a vacation , after all you have give they . frank well , Palm Springs be suppose to be nice , say the word from on high . cathy Frank , I know it might not seem it now , but with everything that 's happen , a trip somewhere , away from it all ... ( more ) 99 . cathy ( cont would ) Frank , it might just be the best thing in the world . for both of we . he just look down . cathy oh , Frank . what a wretch day it must have be for you , darling - all at once the front door burst open and David rush in . Cathy stand up . david say ! what do you know , pop 's home ! what be you do home , pop ? Cathy approach David , gather up she purse and scarf and start up the stair . cathy you father have work to do , David . it 's best you help yourself to a glass of milk and get start straightaway on you study . david yes , mother . say , pop - frank mind you mother , David . david yes , sir . int . bedroom - late day Cathy close the bedroom door behind she and stop . a low tremor of music rise as the late day sun filter through curtain a peach and purple fume . Cathy walk slowly toward the window and stop , look out dusk have cast a early freeze over the whitaker yard . dissolve to : ext . deagan garden shop - early evening Raymond stand outside he shop in the opaline dusk , show a Christmas tree to a middle - age man . jake , a teenage employee , step out from inside . 100 . jake say , Mr. deagan ! raymond yes , Jake ? jake there 's a lady on the phone for you . raymond i’1l be right there . ( to the customer ) would you excuse I a moment ? I be terribly sorry . int . garden shop - early evening Raymond pick up a wall - phone near the front door , as Christmas color bleed through the Garden shop window behind he . raymond yes ? this be Raymond deagan . it 's Cathy , and Raymond can not conceal he pleasure . raymond oh , hello ... that 's right . be everything - ? ( he listen ) yea . I think I could ... alright ... i’1l see you tomorrow then . he hang up the phone but remain a moment , music bridge . dissolve to : int . keller 's drug - store - downtown hartford - day through the large , Christmas - trim window of keller 's drug - store we see Cathy , wear sunglass and scarf , crossing the street . Raymond wait at the corner of the old - fashioned , seasonally adorn establishment , moderately busy for the middle of the day . the door open and Cathy walk directly over , stop beside he . raymond hello. 101 . cathy hello. ( silence ) thank you for meeting I . I realize you have a busy schedule . raymond worked out fine . I be glad you call . he turn to she with a smile , but Cathy dart a glance to the counter where two woman be glaring and whisper . raymond you sure everything 's alright ? Cathy exhales , close she eye . she shake she head . raymond what be it ? the soda jerk have be watch they from the other end of the counter . soda jerk uh - be there something I can do for you folk ? cathy ( quietly ) can we leave here ? raymond of course . Raymond quickly escort Cathy , head duck into she collar , out to the street . soda jerk maybe that be not such a bad idea ! several customer turn and glare as they go . ext . keller' drug store - day Raymond and Cathy be turn down the first corner . 102 . ext . movie theater - later the 20' - style movie theater stand across the street streak in winter light . the marquee read hilda crane and the bold and the brave . Cathy and Raymond cross over to the theater and stop under its awning . Cathy look down . raymond what be it ? what happen ? cathy I want to see you in person Raymond . I just - I can not - ( she stop ) raymond can not what ? cathy it just be not plausible , Raymond , for I to be friend with you . Raymond tense . cathy you have be so very kind . to I . and I have be perfectly reckless and foolish in return ... think - raymond what ? that one person could reach out to another ? take a interest in another ? and that maybe , for one fleeting instant , could manage to see beyond the surface - beyond the color of thing ? Cathy sigh and think a moment cathy do you think we ever really do ? see beyond that thing ? the surface of thing ? 103 . raymond ' just beyond the fall from grace / behold that ever shine place . 's yes , I do . I do not really have a choice . cathy ( softly ) I wish I could . she take he hand , a bit formally . cathy good luck to you , Raymond . she start to turn away to leave when Raymond grab she arm . raymond Mrs. whitaker ! a pass couple with a stroller turn and stop . schoolgirls wait to buy ticket do the same . cathy ( still softly ) Raymond - please do not - a tall man in shirt - sleeve and suspender shout from across the street . tall man you ! Boy ! hand off ! Raymond turn . tall man yea , you ! Cathy put she hand over Raymond 's and gently remove it . she take a step back . Raymond stand helplessly , everyone watch . cathy oh Raymond - he look at she with such sadness . cathy ( as much to herself ) you be so beautiful . 104 . she mouth ' bye 's and turn , start off briskly down the street . spectator break into murmur . the tall man across the street slowly turn and continue on he way . Raymond look back in Cathy 's direction as she disappear around the corner . Music boom , sweeping we inexorably forward . dissolve to : ext . junior league football field - afternoon it 's a brisk winter day and light flurry be just start to sprinkle up the sky . David 's junior - football team have break and he and the other be walk back from the field . along the sidewalk a row of black school - kid in uniform be make they way down the street . one of the child be Sarah deagan , Raymond 's daughter , who be walk with another little girl she age . sarah' friend which ' be how come I almost fall asleep during math-class , on account of my brother playin’ he record all night long - until my mama come and make he switch it off . and I do not even like that type of music ! Sarah 's attention have turn to a powder blue chevrolet slow down near the football field . it 's Cathy 's car , who Sarah recognize as it come to a stop . she watch as David , walk back with he friend hutch , call out to he mother in the car . david mother ! can I sleep over at hutch 's tonight ? please ! cathy not tonight , David . you father 's home and we be have a family dinner . sarah' friend who 's that ? 105 . sarah oh , just some friend of my daddy . you do not have to wait , I will catch up . Sarah 's friend continue on as Sarah remain for a moment watch . david you never let I stay over cathy next time , David , I promise . now please get in the car , I be late as it be . David climb into the back -seat - Janice be seat in front - and the car begin to pull out . Sarah smile as it approach . but as she lift she hand to wave hello only Janice seem to notice she - whisk past the window as they go . Sarah watch as the car speed off down the road . she look back in the direction of she group , but now she classmate be a good block away . and the snow have begin pick up . so she plunge she hand in she pocket and start up after they . up ahead where the block narrow , hutch and two of he friend stand lean against the fence , share a cigarette . Sarah notice they ahead . hutch be the first one to spot she , and he stare hard as she approach . a chill of music be feel as hutch lean over and start whisper to the other . as they look back at she and laugh the music pick up a jazzy beat . Sarah approach , tucking she head down sullenly . hutch hey fella , look who 's comin ' ! it 's daddy 's girl ! hey there daddy 's girl ! where do think you be go ? sarah ( a mumble ) Home . hutch Home to see you daddy ?... yea , and he white girl ? 106 . suddenly Sarah tear off , run down the street , music turn fast and brassy . the boy exchange brief smile before grab rock from the ground and take off after she . hutch hey ! where ya goin 's ? we just want to play ! Sarah look back as she run and see they follow . she start to panic but continue run , drop she schoolbook along the way . she come to a busy intersection and turn off into a alley . ext . alley - afternoon Sarah tear around a trash dumpster only to discover that the alley do not go through . she turn around just as hutch and the other arrive , sealing she off , music simmer . the snow fall steadily now . hutch uh-oh ! wrong turn , daddy 's girl ! 2nd boy hey daddy 's girl ! over here ! with they stone - wield arm in the air , the boy begin slowly tightening around she , music building . Sarah begin backstepp toward the wall . hutch yep ! she make a wrong turn alright ! he double back with he rock , pitcher style , as the music explode into wild rhythm , and the other two follow . hutch just like she daddy ! all at once they rock go hurl at Sarah , with hutch 's come last and hard and hit she in the head . it knock she back and she fall to the ground . for a split - second the boy be freeze . then all at once they take off down the street , music reach a brassy , frantic peak . rapid fade to black . fade up to : 107 . int . whitaker live room - christmas day Music shimmer suddenly as the top of a unwrapped present be lift , revealing amid a blossom of tissue a satiny pair of new ballet slipper . we ascend . janice oh , it be they , it be ! oh thank you , mother ! thank you , father ! kaleidoscopic light multicolor the rosy , Christmas -strewn live room as Janice scurries over to Frank on the couch and Cathy return with a egg nog . David sit on the rug , pool over he new electric train - set . outside , the backyard glisten with snow . cathy merry Christmas , darling ! janice now I will be as good as all the other girl in class . cathy ( hand he he drink ) there you be , darling . just the way you like it . david ( hold up one of the car ) pop ! look at the steam engine ! frank wonderful ! cathy well , look at that . ( walk over to the fireplace ) I know I be forget something ! Cathy return with Frank 's Christmas stock . cathy there you be , darling ! a little something for Mr. and Mrs. clause ! Frank overturn the stock and a handful of travel brochure slip out onto the table . frank what have we get here ? acapulco , Miami , Palm Springs , bermuda . Cathy sit down beside he on the arm of the couch . cathy take you pick , darling . it 's you choice . frank this mean you be pay ? cathy well Rio , I know , be a bit extravagant , but the rest be really all quite affordable . as far as warm weather go . this time of year . frank I do not know . Stan 's always rave about Miami . cathy oh , Frank I think Miami would be a dream ! El say it 's just darling . everything 's pink . frank oh yea ? ( tiny pause ) then maybe we oughta consider bermuda . Cathy look at he . Frank crack a little smile . Music sweep up as Cathy embrace he . cathy oh , Frank ! I do love you , darling . I do . 108 . dissolve to : ext . miami resort - new year eve night Music can be hear spilling out from the glitter supper - club , jutting off the side of the modern , palm - line resort 109 . ext . / int . terrace - resort supper-club night Cathy and Frank dance together on the terrace of the sparkling venue , all deck out for New Year 's , under the star . a small band be play and several other couple be dance . and though it 's not without tension it 's clear they be each try to make the vacation as pleasant as can be . cathy I must say you look extremely fetching all gussie up in you white tux and tie . frank well it 's a good thing , since I can hardly breath in it . cathy oh it 's not that bad . ( silence ) you like my dress ? frank yes. very much . do not I say ? cathy you do not . frank well it 's a ravish dress . and a ravish girl to go with it . cathy that 's more like it . the song end and everyone clap for the band . Frank kiss Cathy tenderly on the lip , under the star , and she smile into he eye . Frank put he arm around she gently and escort she back to they table . as they near they table they be intercept by a large family be seat . the handsome middle - age parent sit down first , follow by five blond , handsome child range from late teens to late 20' in age . the blond father address Frank and Cathy : blond father Excuse we . frank no problem at all . 110 . one of the middle son , the prettiest , watch Frank closely as he pass . Cathy do not notice . but Frank do . frank you have a lovely family . blond father thank you . happy New Year . frank happy New Year to you . Frank nod to the table , catch another glimpse of the pretty blond boy 's stare . and he and Cathy take they seat . cathy Frank , do you remember that summer ? at you uncle 's in vermont ? Janice be not even bear yet . when David break he finger on the water pump ? frank ( remember ) oh yea . cathy whatever happen to that house ? frank think Margaret eventually put it on the market . cathy that be a wonderful old place . all that wonderful barbeque . frank it be a good summer - ( distract by the noise ) cathy it must be almost time . Cathy lift she glass and Frank refill it , then refill he own . he glance over toward the ruckus from other table . the blond table be awash in champagne and the pretty son now fully absorb in the festivity . from the bandstand , the m.c. lead the room in a rouse countdown . 111 . everyone ... five - four - three - two - one - happy new year !!! Cathy and Frank toast they champagne and kiss through the rain of pale blue confetti and all the shimmer cheer surround they . cathy happy New Year , darling ! frank happy New Year , dear Music swirl . dissolve to : ext . poolside - miami HOTEL - day we be surveying a pleasing aqua-blue scene of pleasure - goer by the pool . a girl with a pink bathing cap swan -dive into the sparkling water , which be litter with swimmer and child frolick by the step . Frank be just finish some lap and stop at the shallow end to catch he breath . he sit down on a step , still half - submerge , and smile at the mother of the splash toddler . he notice something at the other end of the pool . a few member of the blond family be just come out dress in swimwear and robe . they grab a few lounge and chair and start to settle . the pretty son do not seem to be among they . Frank stand , stretch . he step out of the water and reach for he towel just as a small black boy , age 4 or 5 , go skip past he into the first step of the pool . his father , a HOTEL waiter , be run over from the hut - style snack - bar . HOTEL waiter ( call out ) Martin ! Martin , get outa there ! you know you be not allow in there ! Cathy , who sit among a row of lounge under a umbrella , look up from she magazine . a woman with a baby be already step efficiently out of the pool while other stand , dumbstruck . 112 . everyone else in the water , save one man do lap , just stare at the tiny intruder . instantly the waiter arrive and yank he son out of the water . HOTEL waiter ( forcefully ) now what do I tell you about go in that pool ?! you know you be not allow in there ! he carry he cry boy off . Frank turn toward Cathy and shrug . he start back , drying himself off on the way . cathy hello , there . frank well hello . Frank plop himself down on the lounge , flat on he back , and exhales . cathy mmmm . good swim , darling ? frank ( eye close , nodd ) mmm. cathy feel good ? frank mmm. cathy be not the sun just marvelous ? but she expression change when she glance back toward the pool . kid who be play now stare across the pool to the shallow end blankly . the last few bather near the step be just step out of the water , leave the entire area clear . a mother in a unbecome swimsuit call out to she daughter . mother donna ? 113. daughter what ? mother time to get out . daughter but why ? mother ( sharply ) because I say so . the daughter start swim reluctantly to the edge , just as the man do lap make he final pass . we see the girl in the pink swim cap climb up the small ladder in the deep end . within moment the pool be completely empty . Frank and Cathy observe in silence . before turn back , Frank take a final glance at the blond family gather . the pretty son have just arrive , wear a white terry - cloth robe and a beach bag over he shoulder . he do not notice Frank . we hear Cathy slap shut she magazine . cathy well that do it . Frank turn . cathy I think I have hear quite enough about fashion and advice for one afternoon ! I do believe it 's time for my miss Mitchell . Cathy open up she canvas bag but do not see she book . cathy oh , heaven . frank what ? cathy I must have leave it in the room . so silly . 114 . frank you want I to go ? cathy no , darling . you just sit down . frank I do not mind . ( he sit up ) cathy what ? no , Frank . I will go . Frank stand up and flexe . frank it 's fine . I want to get a paper anyway . cathy you sure ? frank yea . he grab he shirt and room -key and start off toward the room - in the opposite direction of the blond boy by the pool . cathy thank you , darling . I be sure it 's just there on the night -stand . int . frank 's room - day Frank have leave the door ajar as he gather he wallet and Cathy 's book . he stop for a second in front of the mirror and regards himself in he wear . not bad , for a man he age . then suddenly he sense something . a hum of music hang in the air as he turn he head to the gap in the door . there , stand and stare at Frank , be the blond boy . he hold he robe in one hand , revealing a lithe , white body squeeze into pale orange swim-trunk . Frank stare back , captive . the boy 's finger be quietly graze he crotch . 115 . slowly , like a sleepwalker , Frank begin to approach , music deepen . fade to black . we hear janice they be here ! I see they car ! they be here ! int . whitaker live room - evening fade up on : Music lighten as David , Janice and sybil all hurry to the door which fly open on Cathy and Frank , armored with gift and luggage . janice mother ! Father ! david hi-ya pop ! hey mother ! sybil welcome home , Mr. and Mrs. whitaker . cathy well look at you all ! what a lovely greeting ! janice so mother be it dreamy ? cathy listen to you ! dreamy ! sybil ( take Mr. whitaker 's suitcase ) do you have a nice time Mr. whitaker ? frank yes , sybil . it be very relax . david say , pop ! 116. cathy David , help sybil with the luggage . Frank sit down on the live room sofa as sybil start up the stair with a suitcase . david pop , you will never guess what happen at school this week ? try and guess ! frank I give up . cathy David ! janice * ( lug a suitcase up the stair ) I be help , mother ! david billy hutchison and this two other boy all get expell from school ! frank you mean suspend . sybil be start back down the stair . david no ! expelled ! I swear ! for throw a rock at a girl 's head . cathy that 's terrible . a little girl from school ? david no . she be a negro . cathy what ? who tell you such a thing ? david Tommy hawking . he see . so he have to tell the principal . Cathy glance up at sybil who continue slowly down the stair . 117 . cathy sybil ? be this true ? sybil glance over to Frank and back to Cathy . sybil yes , mar 'am . I be afraid it be . Cathy look over at Frank incredulously . cathy what in heaven 's name have get into this town ? frank it 's just a couple of foolish kid . david hutch say they be just try to teach she a lesson . sybil continue on into the kitchen . cathy well I think it 's dreadful . and you be certainly not to see that hutch boy again . you understand I ? david yes , mar ’am . frank while you be there David , how about flipping on the set for you old man . david sure , pop . Cathy sigh , pick up the mail from the hall table , and start upstairs . int . bedroom - night Cathy enter the dark room , flip on the light and put down she thing . she walk over to the small desk by the window and put down the mail . there , among the bill , she notice the naacp brochure . she pick it up . 118 . Close on brochure , music take . dissolve to : int . whitaker dine room - late day - two week later Cathy 's finger be scan the telephone book for a list and come to rest on a number for the naacp information line . then she lift the receiver off the phone and start dial . she be sit at the dining room table , half - tone by a bath of wintery light , while Janice sit at the coffee table do she homework . janice mother , how do you spell ' skirt 's ? cathy one minute , dear . mother 's make a call . ( she finish dial and wait ) yes - hello . I be wonder if you could help I possibly . I just recently receive you brochure - which I find extremely informative - and be curious to learn a little more about what be entail precisely - in you volunteer program - in term of particular skill and so on . you see I - what ?... yes , I can hold . Cathy hear the front door open and turn . Frank be walk in the door wear a snow - dust coat and hat , look beat . janice Father 's home ! cathy ( complete surprise ) erank ? what happen to the match ? tiny smile . frank oh , my shoulder 's be act up . I could not sit there any longer . 119 . cathy you do not say anything . he start take off he coat and mitten by the coat-rack . janice Father , I do the split today . wanna see ? cathy ( hang up the phone ) Janice , you father just walk in the door . and you have schoolwork to finish . janice yes , mother . cathy you know , Frank . you never have that physical . I certainly think you be due for one , dear . can I call Dr Ellis ? it 's be three year Frank . Frank do not answer as he walk over to the couch and sit down with the tv guide . cathy you know my brother have physical every year on they birthday , all during school . Father insisted . he do not respond . cathy do I tell you the pediatrician think Janice be go to need brace ? janice Father , do I have to ! cathy apparently we little girl have a over - bite . David rush in from the backyard carry a bucket and rag . david say , pop ! you will never guess what I be do ? 120 . cathy David , where be you coat ? david in the garage . cathy and what 's it do there ? david I be waxin’ pop 's car ! it 's gonna look swell , pop . cathy David ! how many time do I have to tell you child - you be not permit outdoors in this kind of weather if you be not properly dress . it 's ten below zero outside , they be expect flurry ! do you understand I ? David ? david yes mar ’am . cathy because I give up . if you child want to go and catch you death of cold then so be it . I mean you try talk sense to they , Frank because nothing I say ever seem to - all of the sudden Frank burst into tear . cathy Frank ! Janice and David be stunne , stare at they father cathy Frank ! what 's the matter - ! she get up from she chair and start over to he , a dark mist of music form . frank oh - God ! Janice begin to cry . 121. cathy ( urgently ) Janice . David . go upstairs to you room . Janice stand , sobbing . David remain , transfix . cathy now ! Janice run up the stair and David follow in a trance . Cathy stand freeze near the foot of the stair . frank ( cry ) oh - Cathy ... she approach he but slowly , with a strange forebode . cathy what , Frank . what be it ? frank something happen ... cathy what ? ( nothing ) what . Frank cry almost like a baby . frank I have fall in love with someone . Cathy stare . frank who want to be with I . for a moment , just have say it sober he some , and he look back at she . then he crumble again . frank oh Cathy , I think I might have to go ! Music deepen as Cathy numb , stare flatly , unable to move . 122. frank I just - I never know ... what it be like - I know how cruel that 's sound . but I be not ... - oh God , Cathy . I try ! I try so hard to make it go away ... I think I could do it ... for you and the child ... but I can not ! I can not !... he bury he head in he hand . after several second she respond . cathy ( lifeless ) I assume then ... you will be want a divorce ? Frank look up at she , puffy -ey . but suddenly the tear seem to have stop . Cathy look back at he like a stone . frank ( softly ) Cathy I be so sorry . but all at once she turn , and pick up a glass from the table walk straight - head up the stair . int . bedroom - early evening Cathy enter , close the door and stand freeze , in the dark for several second . int . live room - early evening we look down at Frank who stand alone in the empty live room . he turn and walk over to the bar and limply pour himself a drink . he stand freeze a moment , drink in hand , as music gather , softly . then he throw it back , walk over to he coat and hat and open the front door of the house . he turn back around for one last look - and close the door behind he . int . bedroom - early evening Cathy stand outside she door look out the landing window . she hear the sound of Frank 's car start off . 123 . filter through a new snowfall , the red of he brake tint the dusky sky and rouge she silent profile . Music deepen . Cathy walk to the window and stare hard at the telephone . she lift the receiver to she ear . she dial . cathy ( quivery ) Eleanor ? Eleanor it 's I , Cathy . Music open as we dissolve to : ext . fine house - night a soggy snowfall continue as we glide through shiny branch outside the Fine 's house toward the rosy glow of a upstairs window . there we see Cathy in the glow of Eleanor 's bedroom , tell she friend the whole story . dissolve to : int . fine's bedroom - night Eleanor reach for Cathy 's hand , music settling . eleanor oh , Cathy . cathy so you see , El . you see why I could not tell you anything . anything at all . eleanor oh you dear , sweet kid . ina million year I could not have imagine . not Frank ! I suppose divorce really be the only option - if only to keep it as far from the child as possible . cathy I think that 's what 's be the hardest of all . the endless secrecy . we entire life just - shut in the dark . eleanor be there savings ? 124. cathy nothing much to speak of . and certainly not with Frank 's job on the line . eleanor well honey , you know , if there 's anything you need , anything at all - cathy oh , El ... eleanor I mean it . we be here . alright ? cathy thank you , El . for always have be . Cathy reflect a moment and stand , walk toward the window . cathy you know it 's funny . eleanor what 's that . cathy this whole time , the only person I have be able to talk to . about any of this . ( turn back to she ) be Raymond deagan . Eleanor look at Cathy in disbelief . eleanor what ? cathy it 's true . well , not in the way mona intend - nothing like that ! we would just talk ! but ... somehow it make I feel - oh , I do not know . alive somewhere . she glance out the window at the rain - dampen snow . cathy oh Eleanor , I know it sound ridiculous and mad ... ( more ) 125 . cathy ( cont would ) but I do , I think of he . what he 's do , what he 's think . I do - Cathy turn back to she friend with the wistful smile of a girl . Eleanor glance off . cathy El ? Eleanor get up and start tend to the tray of empty cup . eleanor what can I say ? you be so full of surprise . I be speechless . Cathy look at she . cathy what do you mean ? eleanor ( little laugh ) though I be sure I must have look entirely the fool , crusade away against mona lauder and all she so - call invention -! cathy Eleanor ! - how can you say such a thing ? eleanor I do not say a word ! who be I to tell anyone how to lead they life ? cathy but El ! nothing happen between we ! I tell you that ! eleanor Cathy it 's none of my business . but you certainly make it sound as if something have . a soft bed of music rise as Cathy look back at she disarm . dissolve to : 126 . int . whitaker live room - evening Music continue as Cathy return home , hang up she coat and step into the dark , silent house . she walk toward the french door , etched in silver , and stop . there , filter moonlight through its gild maze , the branch of Silver - tip spruce still sit in a vase by the window . sybil ( off ) Mrs. whitaker ? Cathy turn toward the kitchen . sybil stand in the shadow near the kitchen door . cathy sybil . sybil I be sorry to disturb you mar 'am , I just ... cathy yes , sybil ? sybil it 's something I have be want to tell you , mar 'am , for some time - something I believe you would surely want to know - even if it be not ... exactly my place ... cathy sybil , what be it ? sybil it 's about the little color girl , mar 'am . the one that get hit ? cathy yes . what about she ? sybil I be sorry , mar 'am , but it be Mr deagan 's little girl , Sarah - 127 . cathy what ! oh God , sybil , it be not ! sybil the neighbor tell I she 's do just fine - cathy oh that dear , sweet little girl . ( to sybil , suddenly incense ) how in God 's name , sybil , could you not have tell I this ? that be week ago - ! she turn and march to the entry hall , sybil follow . sybil oh , Mrs. whitaker , please do not be cross with I ! I do not want to - make thing any worse ! cathy ( throw on she coat ) sybil , sybil do you have any idea where Mr. deagan life ? sybil I believe he 's be at he father 's old place on 12th and Governor . cathy 12th and Governor . thank you sybil . Cathy grab she purse and open the door , rain fall . sybil you be go there now ? cathy please just keep a eye on the child for I . I will not be long . ( she start out ) sybil Mrs. whitaker ! cathy ( turn back , hurriedly ) what ? 128. sybil would you like I to go with you mar 's be ? cathy no , sybil . no. I will be fine . thank you . Music billow as sybil watch she go . dissolve to : ext . deagan' house - night rain fall upon the inky , lamp - light night as we loom down slowly upon a small , wood bungalow , the front window of which appear to have be board up . through the window downstairs we can just glimpse Raymond walk past . int . deagan' live room - night Raymond be bring a freshly make cup of hot chocolate into the live room , stir as he go . raymond and here we have it ! you daddy 's super - duper world - renowned hot cocoa specially prepare for he super - duper number one girl ! he hand the cup to Sarah who be stretch out on the couch with pillow and blanket watch tv . a small , square bandage on she forehead still mark she injury . sarah thank you , daddy . raymond how you feel , baby ? sarah Fine , daddy . raymond what 's that you be watch , anyway ? there 's a knock at the door . Raymond stop . 129 . raymond who on earth ...? he walk to the front . raymond yes ? the door open on Cathy , turn suddenly to face he . cathy Raymond ! oh Raymond I just hear . just this instant . I hear and I get in my car . ( she stop ) how be you ? how 's Sarah ? raymond we be fine . thank you . a car pass and Raymond look out nervously . raymond ( semi-whisper , gesture ) meet I around the side . Cathy nod and start back down the step as Raymond step back inside the house . raymond ( grab he coat ) Sarah , everything 's alright , honey . I will just be outside for a minute . sarah okay daddy . ext . deagan house - night Cathy stand face away , softly illuminate by a outdoor lamp , along the side of Raymond 's bungalow . she hear footstep and turn . Raymond stand near the corner of the house , look at she . cathy oh Raymond . ( take a few step closer ) what you must have be through . Raymond look down and shuffles forward some as well . 130 . cathy what 's be do , to the boy who -? raymond nothing . I will not make she go through it again . not now . not with rock come through the window every night . cathy Raymond , that 's hateful . raymond it 's not white 's throw they - it 's colored . cathy no . raymond oh , yea - seem to be the one place where white and colored be in full harmony . anyway , we will be out of here soon enough , once and for all . cathy you be move ? raymond yea . cathy where to ? raymond I have a ... ( empty some flood trash - lid ) brother in Baltimore . say he can find I work out there . so we be pack up the house . two week Friday we will be on the 4:30 train , head South . cathy but what about you business , you shop ? raymond the business be through . no one 's gonna hire I . ( more ) 131 . raymond ( cont would ) so I be sell the shop to a cousin of mine . no ... ( he look off ) it 's pretty well finish for I here . ( a think stop he ) I have never live anywhere but hartford . cathy ( all vulnerability ) perhaps ... sometime in the future ... after you be settle - I could ... perhaps come for a visit see Baltimore ? you see I ... well it look as if I be to be single again . Raymond look at she . it make he sad . he smile softly . silence . raymond oh , Mrs. whitaker . cathy ( softly ) please call I Cathy . raymond ( softly ) Cathy . cathy no one would know we there . raymond I be just not sure ... it would be such a wise idea . after ... well , everything that 's - Cathy look at he , feel the first chill of a impending loss . raymond all that matter now - what 's get to matter most - be what 's right for Sarah . I have learn my lesson about mixing with other world . and I have see the spark fly ... ( tenderly ) all kind . Cathy turn away , hide sudden tear . 132. Raymond put a hand on she shoulder , which she cover with hers . raymond have a proud life . a splendid life . will you do that ? she close she eye . he kiss she fingertip . raymond Goodbye Cathy . his finger slip from hers . she stand a moment , the black , liquid sky continue its downpour , then start walk , hurriedly , to she car . she do not look back . Raymond watch gravely , then turn and start slowly back inside . to which a rise music as bottomless as the sea suddenly answer , spilling over and engulf what follow . dissolve to : int . whitaker bedroom - later that night the curtain be draw and Cathy lay across the shadowy surface of she bed , sobbing . everything she 's keep inside seem to spill from she now , as we move in gently through aquanautic shadow . Music fade , leave we alone with she sound - when the phone start ringing . Cathy stop , listen . then sit up in bed and look over at it , wiping she eye . then she slip off the edge of the bed and walk over to the write table to answer it . outside , the rain appear to have stop . cathy hello ? frank ( through receiver ) Cathy ? do I wake you ? cathy Frank ? 133 . int . HOTEL room - night Frank sit on the phone against blue floss hotel wallpaper , he face in shadow . frank I be sorry to call this late . I hope I do not ... int . bedroom - night cathy no . I be awake . frank ( through receiver ) I do not want to - upset the child . cathy no . of course . frank ( through receiver ) how be they , by the way ? cathy Fine . just fine . they still ask when you will be come home . int . HOTEL room - night frank I know . I know . I guess that 's - partly why I be call ... Frank sit hunch - over a little table in the dark . behind he , spread out in bed with newspaper and a half - eat box of chocolate , the pretty blond boy watch a large tv. frank I , uh - I get a call from Dick yesterday . Said everything be ... set , papers draw up . int . bedroom - night Cathy just listen . expressionless . 134 . frank ( through receiver ) he want to know ... how Thursday be for you . Three o'clock sometime . I tell he I think you might have carpool thursdays but I be not absolutely certain . so I say I would check . cathy ( distantly ) you never could remember my carpool day . and they have always be the same , wednesday and Fridays , as long as I can remember . frank ( through receiver ) wednesday and Fridays . of course . same old absent-mind - cathy what time ... do you say on Thursday ? frank ( through receiver ) what ? cathy the appointment ? what time ? frank ( through receiver ) oh - Three . Three o'clock . cathy ( brief silence ) alright . frank ( through receiver ) okay . well ... great . that be it really . I know it 's late . cathy it be . frank ( through receiver ) so I guess I will see you on - Thursday , then . 135 . cathy see you Thursday . int . HOTEL room - night frank Goodbye , Cathy . int . bedroom - night Music rise like a steam . cathy Goodbye , Frank . she hang up the phone and sit very still for several second . slow dissolve : int . whitaker bedroom - day - two week later outside , through the bedroom window , we can see the new gardener - a asian man - water the plant . we slowly move inside to find Cathy sit at she bedroom table finish up the bill . cathy ( write ) sixty -seven dollar and thirty - two cent . ( look up a moment ) now what be today ...? she glance over at she desk - calendar , turn the page to the proper day . it read : saturday , MARCH 1. she copy the date down in she checkbook , then stop a moment . she look back at the calendar as if try to remember something . snap back to business , she tear out the check , place it in a envelope and seal it . she gather up she other mail and stand , glance once around the room before grab she purse and sunglass and start out the door . int . whitaker foyer - day the soft sunlight shimmer through window as Cathy come down the stair . 136 . sybil be busy polish the dining room table . cathy oh , sybil . you do not need to be do that . sybil it 's Friday . cathy I know it be , but ... there 's just so much more to do now . I can hardly expect you to be polish the table every week . sybil no reason not to keep thing up Mrs. whitaker . no reason at all . cathy I know . Cathy stop in front of the mirror to fix she hair and put on she sunglass . sybil do not forget the grocery list . cathy oh ! thank you , sybil - ( she start check she pocket ) I do not know how in the world I would ever manage - here it be . she take out the shopping list but find something else in the pocket . she pull out a scarf - the lilac scarf - forget there since she afternoon with Raymond . Music whisper . she look at it a moment , then up at the mirror where it 's reflect in she hand . she put it on over she hair and glass and stop a moment , look at herself . cathy I should not be long , sybil . sybil ( still bent over , polish ) alright , Mrs. whitaker . 137 . Cathy turn , music rise , and start out the door dissolve to : ext . little league football field - day Cathy drive up in front of the large green field , stuff with boy in red , saunter back to the bleacher . David be amongst they , walk arm -in - arm with another boy , when he spot he mother 's car and wave . david say - mother ! cathy go and gather you thing , David . mother 's in a hurry ! David race he friend to the bench where he grab he knapsack and go run to the car . he hop in the front and we ascend as Cathy take off down the street . dissolve to : ext . dance -school - day Cathy be walk Janice , dress for ballet , out the door of she dance-school . cathy see you next week ! the door shut behind they as Cathy hurry Janice into the car . she rush around to the driver 's side , hop inside the car , and be off again , zipping down the road . dissolve to : ext . train station - day a soft , new sun warm the brick of the hartford train Station , stand proudly in the center of town . we see Cathy 's car just pull up and turn into the parking section . int . car - day david say ! why be we turn in here ? 138. Cathy be pull into a parking space . cathy mother just need to dash inside for two shake while you and you sister wait inside in the car . david no fair ! janice where be you go ? cathy ( get out of the car ) I will be right back . now stay put . both of you . and lock the door . Cathy shut the door of the car and look up at the clock outside . it read : 4:24 . she hurry on inside . [ Music continue in some form through to the end of the film ] ext . platform - day Cathy emerge out of the stairway onto the platform , a jumble of board and goodby . she look back and forth anxiously , then start walk down the platform toward the front of the train . she hurry along , look every - which - way , past all the other . then suddenly she stop . Raymond stand on the platform , gingerly help Sarah up the step of the train while a black attendant load they luggage into a open compartment . Cathy start over to they , but Raymond slip inside the train without see she . Cathy just stare at the door , watch other continue inside . right in front of she a heavy - set italian man be say goodbye to he wife and two son . the wife be cry . 139 . a conductor be pass . conductor all aboard ! southbound train to New York and Washington now depart . all aboard ! Cathy look back at the train door just as Raymond reappear , step out of the train and address the young attendant , who hand he he baggage slip . Cathy take a few unconscious step in he direction . Raymond tip the attendant and shake he hand and start back to the door of the train . he take one step up and stop , turn around again . conductor all aboard ! all aboard ! he see she . she smile for be see . Raymond smile warmly back . and suddenly - cruelly - the train begin to move . though for one luxurious moment it actually sweep they together - with Raymond glide toward Cathy and then crossing she - before set off on its inexorable pull . Cathy lift a tiny hand goodbye . Raymond lift he in return . she smile , tear start , as Raymond continue shrink from view before vanish entirely with the snake engine . suddenly everything be still . Cathy stand for several second , alone in the sudden stillness . then all at once she turn and begin walk away , down the platform . Music resume with sad resolution . cathy ( v.0 . ) that be the day I stop believe in the wild ardor of thing . perhaps in love , as well . that kind of love . 140 . ext . train -station - moment later from a great height we see Cathy walk decisively out of the station on she way back to she car , late afternoon sun burn orange upon the town . cathy ( v.0 . ) the love in book and film . the love that tell we to abandon we life and plan , all for one brief touch of venus . Cathy climb into she car , shut the door and begin drive out of the lot . cathy ( v.0 . ) so often we fail in that kind of love . the world just seem too fragile a place for it . or perhaps it 's only we who be too fragile . finally Cathy be turn onto the main road , amid all the other car head home . her powder - blue chevrolet be engulf . all around , tree be start to bloom . spring have arrive . end