far from the madding crowd by David nicholl base on the novel by Thomas hardy final shoot script , September 2013 fox searchlight picture ( UK ) lot c/o DNA film 10 amwell STREET london ec1r 1 uq all rights reserve . copyright '' 2013 fox searchlight picture ( UK ) lot , DNA film lot & the BBC . no portion of this script may be performed , published , reproduced , sold or distribute by any means , or quoted or published in any medium , including any web site , without the prior written consent of fox searchlight picture ( UK ) lot , DNA film lot & the BBC . disposal of this script copy doe not alter any of the restriction set forth above . fade in : ext . toll gate , norcombe hill - day 1 a day in late august . a figure on a hill top ; the unpopulate landscape - lush in summer , barren and bleak in winter - curving down to high chalk cliff with the ocean beyond . gabriel oak sit watch over he flock with he two dog , he face handsome if somewhat weather - beat beneath a low - crown feel hat . he have a quality of contentment , calm and stillness . idly , he play with a stone in he hand . no sound but the sound of nature . which be why he eye be draw towards the horizon , the sound of wheel . a cart be approach . curious gabriel rise and walk closer , as the cart stop at a toll gate and the old waggoner get down . ext . toll gate , norcombe hill - day 2 from gabriel 's p.o.v , a argument have break out with the turnpike keeper . waggoner miss say she will not pay more . turnpike keeper then miss have best turn back . price be thrupence . the waggoner sigh , and go to negotiate with he passenger , as yet unseen . gabriel step closer . waggoner perhaps best to pay he . be dark soon . she reply - barely hear . the waggoner return . waggoner ( cont 'd ) she say she 's pay you quite enough . turnpike keeper Three pence . a stand -off . until gabriel arrive . he know the gatekeeper . a local . gabriel let she through . it 's a woman on she own . ffmc shoot script Sept 2013 2 go through the gate , bathsheba everdene very briefly turn to gabriel . if she feel gratitude , she can not quite bring herself to express it . pride win out . the cart move on . CUT to black : title - ' far from the madding crowd . 's 3 under title , a series of Wessex landscape . - carrow cove on a brisk autumn day , the low sun glint on the sea . - the cliff of norcombe hill face out into the sea in the grip of a winter storm . - the river axe in full flow with the melting snow of spring . - bleak egdon heath in the rain , the road seem to stretch on forever . - the gloom of the great forest , dark in its depth even on the brightest summer day . - the mud and stone of ploughed field in the vale of blackmore , await plant in March . this be the stage for we story , quite remote from the rest of the world . a grand landscape , sometimes beautiful , sometimes harsh - - and finally , the slope of norcombe hill on a day in late september . CUT to black : int . stable , mrs hurst farm , norcombe hill - dawn 4 late september . a chink of light open out as the stable door be pull open . bathsheba be silhouett against the bright light . ext . mrs hurst' cottage - dawn 5 bathsheba lead the horse into the yard of mrs hurst 's farm ; small , subsistence - level but tidy and well - keep , cling to the side of the remote hill . we see she face as she greet the horse ; a startlingly vivid face , full of spirit and determination . she ride off . 7a 7b ffmc shoot script Sept 2013 3 ext . norcombe hill - dawn 6 - head down to the forest that border the hill . ext . country lane - day 7 bathsheba find herself in a hollow - way , a path cover by a canopy of tree , too low for rider and horse to pass beneath . she look one way , then the other , to ensure that she 's alone then , in a single dextrous movement , then switch from side - saddle to cross -saddle , tucking she dress up - some sort of trousers or breach reveal beneath . comfortable now , she lie backwards along the horse so that she head be near its tail , she foot near its shoulder , she eye to the sky . it 's a impressive performance , almost a circus trick , and she smile in satisfaction to herself as the horse trot forward , the sky show between the low bough . on the ground behind she , a scarf . ext . norcombe hill - day of - towards a high vantage point . the panorama be magnificent and she smile to herself . she urge the horse on , a wonderful rider , riding past gabriel without even stop . int . gabriel cottage , - night 7b the scarf again , but now it lie on the table of gabriel oak 's cottage , a neat , comfortable place . gabriel sit nearby , count out money which he lock away in a strong box . he close he money box . his eye return to the scarf - ext . gabriel 's cottage - day 8 another day . from he high vantage point , gabriel with he sheep and dog , behind he he cottage . he see bathsheba walk by , below . gabriel miss ! in he hand , the lose scarf . he stay proudly on top of the hill , so she have to climb the hill towards he . he hand she the scarf . 8a 8b ffmc shoot script Sept 2013 4 bathsheba ( out of breath ) my scarf . I lose it . you must be Farmer oak . ( surprise from gabriel ) this be you land , I must be trespasp . gabriel you be welcome here . Gabriel . and you be ...? bathsheba I have rather not tell you . it 's a very odd name , I try not to say it out loud . gabriel I be sure you could get a new one . if you want . ( a awkward moment , a misfire . she take the scarf -) forgive I , I can not always .. map my mind on my tongue . bathsheba thank you . Farmer oak . on bathsheba as she walk away , a small smile appear . ext . mrs hurst 's farm , norcombe hill - day 8a bathsheba be milk the cow . gabriel be herding he sheep nearby , head up to the small shepherd 's hut , a kind of caravan from where he guard the sheep . a greeting between they . she step out and look after he . the ice melting - ext . gabriel 's caravan , norcombe hill - day 8b gabriel have two dog , young GEORGE who bark and nip at the flock , and old GEORGE who sit contentedly by bathsheba . a new development . bathsheba watch gabriel go about he work with some admiration . gabriel , for he part , be show off a little . gabriel come by , George . come ! ( returning to bathsheba ) he 's keen enough , Young George , but he do not know when to stop . ( petting old GEORGE ) ( more ) 10 ffmc shoot script Sept 2013 5 gabriel ( cont 'd ) not like this one . be with I a long time , have not you ? bathsheba and what 's that one call ? gabriel this be Old George . bathsheba ( she laugh ) of course . Old George . and gabriel walk away towards he caravan . gabriel find I amusing , do you ? ext . norcombe hill - night 9 bathsheba be out riding once more . she stop . it 's a beautiful night , the star frame she , steam rise from the horse . from somewhere in the distance , the sound of dog bark . some distance away stand gabriel 's hut , the small building on wheel that he use for shelter when watch the flock at night . smoke rise from the chimney . but something be amiss . we follow she towards the caravan . she knock on the door - no answer . she go in and find - int . gabriel 's caravan , norcombe hill - night 10 gabriel lie unconscious in the smoky interior . bathsheba take in the scene then leap into action . with all she strength , she drag he upright , slap he face . bathsheba Mr oak ! Mr oak , wake up ! Gabriel oak ! nothing . now she try to haul he to she foot . but he fall , a dead -weight , across she lap . this be all new to bathsheba . a man in she lap . she take it in . to she side , a jug of milk . she take it , throw it into he face . gasp , daze and confuse he come round . look up , see she face . she laugh with relief . gabriel be confuse , breathless . gabriel what 's the matter ? what be it ? 11 12 13 ffmc shoot script Sept 2013 6 bathsheba nothing , since you be not dead . I be head home when I hear the dog bark . ( she busy herself , ventilate the hut ) it 's very foolish of you , Farmer . oak . my uncle have a hut just like this , I use to play in it asa little girl and he tell I , always , always keep a window open or you will suffocate . ( - the wetness - ) I be sorry about the milk . at least it be warm . ( he attempt to stand , stumble . take she hand ) Rest a moment . you know , Farmer oak , I think I may have save you life . her hand in he , as gabriel steady himself . gabriel tell I you name . I still do not know you name . bathsheba then find it out . my hand , Mr oak ? somewhat reluctantly , he let go of she hand . she walk out into the night . gabriel sit on the step and watch she go . ext . gabriel 's caravan , norcombe hill - day 11 next morning . gabriel be work he sheep , but he mind be elsewhere . he stop work , he mind wander . int . gabriel 's caravan , norcombe hill - day 12 gabriel polish he boot , put away he work clothes . a decision have be make . ext . gabriel 's caravan , norcombe hill - day 13 gabriel walk through he flock and find a lamb . it have come week early , and be the only one . he scoops the tiny thing up . 14 15 16 ffmc shoot script Sept 2013 7 ext . mrs hurst 's cottage -— day 14 accompany by old GEORGE , carry the lamb , gabriel march towards mrs hurst 's , a man with a mission . Middle -ag , wry and weather - wear , mrs hurst join she niece in clear bramble from the cottage garden . tough work , bathsheba scratch and muddy . mrs hurst stretch out she back and notice gabriel approach . mrs hurst goodness . Mr oak . bathsheba what do he want ? int . kitchen , mrs hurst 's cottage - day 15 bathsheba wash the mud from she hand , wipe it from she face , check she reflection in the small mirror . it will have to do . int . parlour , mrs hurst 's cottage -— continuous 16 gabriel and mrs hurst sit in the parlour , a little awkward . bathsheba enter , and he stand abruptly . gabriel miss everdene . bathsheba . I have bring you a lamb . bathsheba ( delighted ) thank you , Farmer oak ! such a dear thing , that 's very sweet of you . gabriel he 's come too soon and will not last the winter . I think you have like to rear it instead . bathsheba thank you . that 's very kind . mrs hurst take the lamb out with she . mrs hurst I ’1ll make some tea . and she make she exit . silence . gabriel the lamb be not why I come . ffmc shoot script Sept 2013 8 bathsheba go on . gabriel well ... I want to ask , miss everdene , if you have marry I . a long moment . bathsheba oh - this be not the response he want - gabriel I have never ask anyone before . bathsheba no , I - and impulsively he stand . gabriel well . i’1l leave you now . bathsheba Mr oak - ( he turn , wait ) there be thing to consider . gabriel someone wait for you ? bathsheba no , there 's no - one else but that do not mean I 'il marry you . gabriel good day to you then . 17 ext . mrs hurst 's cottage - continuous 17 bathsheba follow he out . bathsheba Mr oak , stop ! I do not say I would not marry you either ! ( he do not understand - which be it ? ) I really have not ever think about it . I need time to consider . ffmc shoot script Sept 2013 9 gabriel but I know I can make you happy . ( she 's throw by this ) I have one hundred acre , two hundred sheep , when I pay off the money , the farm be ours . you could have a piano in a year or two . Flowers and bird . a frame for cucumber . a baby perhaps , or two - bathsheba please , Mr oak , that 's too much - gabriel - or more . and whenever you look up I 'il be there , and whenever I look up there will be you . bathsheba take this in , imagine it , and make she decision . bathsheba Mr oak , I do not want a husband . I would hate to be some man 's property . I should not mind be a bride at a wedding , if I could be one without get a husband , but - gabriel that 's just stupid talk . with as much calmness and compassion as she can muster ; bathsheba you be better off than I , Mr oak . I have a education and this dress and nothing more . you can do much , much better than I ... gabriel maybe that 's true . but you know that 's not the reason . bathsheba I be too independent for you . ( this sound more plausible ) if I ever be to marry , I have need somebody to tame I , and you have never be able to do it . you would grow to despise I . gabriel ( with quiet simplicity ) I would not . ( she take this in . a moment , then -) Goodbye , miss everdene . 18 19 20 20 a ffmc shoot script Sept 2013 10 and with that he turn and go . for a moment she follow he , just a step or two . then she walk back to the cottage . one last look . gabriel walk away , no turn back . ext . gabriel 's caravan , norcombe hill - day 18 winter . time pass . gabriel be herding sheep as light snow fall . hard , physical work . as night come on , he rest on the step of the shepherd 's Hut , the site of bathsheba 's rescue . int . gabriel caravan , norcombe hill - dawn 19 another day . in he caravan , old GEORGE by he side , gabriel sleep on . the bark of young GEORGE wake they both . something be up . he sit , listen . the sound of sheep bell now . he be on he foot . to old GEORGE -— gabriel stay here , old boy . ext . gabriel caravan , norcombe hill - dawn 20 gabriel step out of the caravan , pull on he clothes . he listen to the distant bark to find the direction , then run off . a break fence nearby - ext . gabriel 's caravan , norcombe hill - dawn 20a he walk through tree , lose track of the bark for a moment . come out of the tree and forest , he crest the hill in search of the flock . but they have go . disappear . silence . then bark , the sound of the bell , further off this time . he run — 21 22 23 ffmc shoot script Sept 2013 11 ext . cliff , norcombe hill - dawn 21 a natural basin lead up to cliff and , beyond that , the sea . the precipice be fence off , but it be towards this cliff edge that the flock have be harry by young GEORGE . gabriel stumble across the darken hillside after they . --- but it 's too late . the young , impetuous dog be bark and snap at a single remain sheep , force it through a gap in the break fence and into the darkness beyond . the sheep have go . young GEORGE run to he master , desperate for approval . but gabriel be numb . with a terrible sense of forebode , he walk towards the gap in the hedge , know already what he will find . gabriel 's Pov . a glimpse of white below . ext . beach , norcombe hill - day 22 at the bottom of the limestone cliff , the corpse of the flock . two hundred sheep , all dead . the sun be up , the water lap at the corpse . gabriel stand exhaust , numb . all of he hope , he ambition , the reward of twenty year hard work , all dead . at he side , young GEORGE lick he hand , await he reward for a job well do . he kneel next to young GEORGE , place he forehead against the dog 's and speak to he quietly . gabriel least we do not marry , eh georgie ? then he quickly stand and , without malice but with a awful resignation , he raise he gun . a shot ring out . int . gabriel 's cottage - day 23 key and cashbox hand to two gentleman farmer . first farmer good luck to you , Mr oak . second farmer and we sympathy . first farmer where be you head ? ( no reply ) we take no pleasure in this . 24 25 26 ffmc shoot script Sept 2013 12 gabriel ignore they and go instead to old GEORGE . gabriel sorry , old boy . ext . egdon heath - day 24 another day . gabriel walk on , everything he own now in the pack on he back . now snow fall . the road across egdon heath have disappear . desperate for shelter , he see a barn . int . barn - night 25 gabriel wrap himself in he blanket and try to sleep , he breath hang in the freeze air . there 's a hole in the roof . gabriel look to the sky , think of bathsheba - ext . mrs hurst 's farm - day 26 mrs hurst bathsheba ! a shout . bathsheba , work in the field , stand . mrs hurst run towards she , wave something in she hand . bathsheba what be it ? a letter . she hand it to bathsheba , breathless . gasp for air - mrs hurst oh my love , it 's you poor uncle 's will . bathsheba what do it say ? what 's happen ? breathless , mrs hurst indicate . mrs hurst read it ! read ! bathsheba do so - bathsheba put she hand to she mouth . then she embrace she aunt . 27 28 29 ffmc shoot script Sept 2013 13 ext . mrs hurst 's cottage - day 27 the cart be load with suitcase and furniture . in she city dress once more , bathsheba say farewell - - then clamber aboard , and find a place amongst the precarious load . the cart trundle off , bathsheba turn and wave goodbye . excitement , anticipation . on she lap , the lamb . gabriel 's gift . the blare of a trumpet and - ext . country lane - day 28 close on sergeant francis troy of the 11th dragoon guard . fine-bon , a neatly - trim moustache on a finely structure face . the dragoon be a splendid sight , a blaze of brass and scarlet on a January day . they ride towards the market town of casterbridge ext . town square , casterbridge -— day 29 the guard be hold a opportunistic recruiting drive . as troy and the other troops stand at ease sergeant doggett , attempt to muster new recruit . sergeant doggett so who will join we , lad ? which of you fine boy 'il put on the scarlet uniform and proudly serve he Queen and country ?... in amongst the crowd , a young woman . she 's in she best dress , but painfully under - dress for the cold weather . she 's also encumber by a large , impractical carpet bag . nevertheless , there 's a kind of elation about she , as if she 's embark on some adventure . a escape . this be fanny robbin . she push through the crowd towards the front , find herself next to gabriel oak ; gaunt now , exhaust . fanny robbin Frank ! over here ! Frank , it 's fanny ! troy give she a quick , fond glance , then fix he eye forward again . fanny ( to gabriel ) my sweetheart . over there . ffmc shoot script Sept 2013 14 sergeant doggett you , sir ... ( he have spot gabriel ) .--- next to the pretty lady ! ( fanny robbin blushes ) there 's a good strong figure of a man . always room in the rank for gentleman of you calibre . come join we , sir ! a moment of hesitation . fanny go on . you have make a fine soldier . but gabriel shake he head and shrink back into the crowd , walk away as doggett continue . sergeant doggett or that gentleman there , you look like a patriot . come on lad , do not be shy , step forward ... gabriel take one more look over he shoulder , then head on he way . but fanny have follow he - fanny you might try weatherbury ! ( gabriel turn ) if you be look for work , try weatherbury . there 's a farm there need all the help it can get . gabriel thank you . i’1l do that . ( a moment . he notice she carpet - bag , she thin clothes ) you should have a cloak , cold night like this . fanny ( with force pride ) oh , no , Francis will take care of I . he 's a sergeant . we be go to be marry soon you see . gabriel but tonight , you have lodging ? fanny no . not tonight . not yet . gabriel reach into he pocket and offer she a coin . 30 31 32 33 ffmc shoot script Sept 2013 15 fanny ( cont 'd ) I be take care of . ( pride vs. necessity . gabriel persist . ) but if you be sure can spare it ... ( and she take it ) I all repay you . I will send it to weatherbury . but please , do not tell anyone there you see I . I have run away you see . let it be we secret . gabriel nod assent and she hurry off , carry all she possession . ext . casterbridge lane - dusk 30 gabriel walk on towards weatherbury now . exhausted , it 's time to rest . ext . wood - night 31 a feeble camp fire . scoop leave into a pile , gabriel make a mattress of sort in the wood . exhausted from the day 's humiliation , he pull he blanket up and try to sleep . the noise of the wood at night . and then a new noise . shout of alarm . gabriel sit . through the tree , a red glow like the end of a cigar ... ext . wood - night 32 half a mile away a fire be clearly visible , blaze out of control . human shout , the panic of cattle and horse . from the edge of the wood , gabriel watch impassively . none of he business . nothing to do with he . then a decision . he head off towards the flame . ext . rick yard , everdene farm - night 33 a hayrick in flame , burn with startling speed and intensity . the farmyard be in chaos ; livestock cry in panic as man run uselessly back and forth in the orange light . at present , it 's the only one on fire , but a number of rick stand close , and burn straw tumble through the air , across to the great barn that hold the crop . 34 ffmc shoot script Sept 2013 16 a rag-tag group of farmhand - joseph , jacob , billy , laban , cainy and jan - all hurl water uselessly onto the flame . gabriel arrive . gabriel who 's in charge here ? laban tall who be you ? gabriel who 's in charge ? where 's you farmer ? joseph poorgrass look - the barn ! sure enough , the fire have spread to the roof of the barn , where all the crop be keep . gabriel this rick be lose . it 's the barn you need to save . d’you understand ? they stare uselessly at the stranger . gabriel ( cont 'd ) ladder ? joseph poorgrass it be on the rick . gabriel think for a moment . he take the scarf from joseph 's neck and wrap it around he face , make a make - shift mask . then he grab a bucket of water , pour it over he head , and stride towards the barn . ext . rick yard , everdene farm - night 34 a haywain have ignite , burn furiously down one side , the side nearest the barn . gabriel get it away ! now ! and he lead the man in pull the flame cart away from the precious barn . but it 's too late ! the barn roof be start to burn . they do so , but the cart itself be in flame now . gabriel steady himself and look across to the barn roof . 35 36 37 38 ffmc shoot script Sept 2013 17 int . barn , rick yard , everdene farm - night 35 gabriel run inside , through smoke and the crop , search for a way to the roof . the whole building be a tinderbox , but he clamber to the high level despite the flame above he . ext . barn , rick yard , everdene farm - night 36 and now he appear on the roof ( through a hatch ? via a ladder ? to be discussed ) and begin smother the burn thatch as the men watch from below . ext . rick yard , everdene farm - dawn 37 the fire be extinguish . thick smoke hang in the air , a battlefield after the fight . gabriel , blacken and exhaust , be wash the soot from he face . he gather he possession , ready to move on , when a may approach . this be liddy - liddy ( 0.s. ) the farmer 's here . gabriel about time too . where 's he be ? liddy she would like to thank you . gabriel stop still . stands straight . a figure approach , she face cover against the smoke . a woman . she slow . stop . she uncover she face - bathsheba no . it can not be . gabriel smile . and bathsheba everdene , owner of weatherbury farm smile back at he . bathsheba ( cont 'd ) Mr oak , be that really you ? gabriel do you happen to want a shepherd , mar 's be ? bathsheba as a matter of fact , I do . ext . rick yard , everdene farm - day 38 as the worker clear away the fire damage , bathsheba and oak walk . 38a ffmc shoot script Sept 2013 18 bathsheba I owe you a immense debt , Mr oak . if I have lose the barn , I have have lose my farm . gabriel you farm ? bathsheba it 's my inheritance - and they turn a corner , revealing the main house , a little run-down perhaps , but still fine and impose . bathsheba ( cont ’d ) I love it here as a little girl . when my uncle pass away , he leave it to I . of course it 's a little rag now but this be once the finest farm for mile . I intend to make it so again . ( she glance at Gabriel ) perhaps you find the idea preposterous too , Mr oak ? gabriel I no longer have that luxury . bathsheba I be truly sorry to hear of you great loss , Mr oak , but if this reversal of fortune cause you any embarrassment ... ( gabriel be silent ) ) I think it best if you address I as ' mar ’am 's or ' miss everdene 's . in turn I will address you as Mr oak . gabriel I understand . ma ’am . a awkward smile , and she go . int . great hall , everdene farm - day 38a bathsheba sit at a great oak table , a cash box in front of she . a noise from the doorway - liddy , bathsheba 's may , friend and confidante . 39 ffmc shoot script Sept 2013 19 fiercely protective of she mistress and , despite be the daughter of billy smallbury , fiercely proud of she status . liddy miss , the philistine be upon we ! the men loiter in the doorway , wait to be pay . bathsheba send they in . int . great hall , everdene farm - day 39 a little later . paid or wait to be pay be - jan coggan - strong , capable , reliable , a companionable bachelor . laban tall . handsome , conceit , suspicious of gabriel 's easy charm . joseph poorgrass be weak , physically inept , painfully shy , especially around bathsheba . jacob smallbury , liddy 's grandfather , be the self - appoint elder statesman , give to wise pronouncement , alcohol and laziness . billy smallbury , he son , be reliable , slightly put-upon by both father and daughter . cainy ball be a awkward teenager , easily distract , always in the way . teddy coggan , jan 's young brother , be the youngest , indulge and spoiled by the other . temperance and soberness miller be the opposite of what they name suggest ; flirtatious , irreverent , ' yield 's . mrs coggan be the housekeeper and cook , jan 's mother , perpetually harass and dust in flour . susan tall be the ferocious , control wife of laban , perpetually enraged at he booz , he lack of social advancement . maryann money be liddy 's side - kick , good -humoure , a dreamer , easily perplex . ffmc shoot script Sept 2013 20 bathsheba hand out the money to each in turn , liddy proudly by she side . next up be - bathsheba Joseph poorgrass ! which one be Joseph poorgrass ? jospeh poorgrass step forward . liddy indicate ' hat off '. bathsheba ( cont ’d ) and what do you do , Joseph poorgrass ? joseph poorgrass I do general thing and in spring I shoot the rook and help at pig - kill , Sir , I mean ma’am . bathsheba here 's seven and ninepence , and another ten shilling as I be new . joseph poorgrass thank you , ma ’am . bathsheba now . fanny robbin ? where be she ? jacob smallbury she have run away mar ’am . with a soldier . gabriel pick up on this - pennyways not a soldier , a sergeant ! sceptical laughter . bathsheba be unamuse . bathsheba bailiff pennyways , here be ten shilling and a further ten . this end we association . you be dismiss . pennyways beg pardon , mar ’am ? bathsheba when my uncle be alive , this be a fine , productive farm . since he death it have fall into ruin - pennyways lean into bathsheba , he face full of menace . gabriel stand , at the ready . pennyways now see here , miss - 40 ffmc shoot script Sept 2013 21 bathsheba - a fire threaten to destroy the barn and you be nowhere to be find . I have no use for man like you , Mr pennyways . you be dismiss . she hold she nerve . pennyways 's bluff be call . a moment as he scan the room for support that will not come . address the other - pennyways I would get out while you can if I be you ! and he leave . if bathsheba be shake , she hide it well . settle herself . bathsheba now . you have meet Mr oak , we new shepherd . you understand you duty , Mr oak ? gabriel if I do not , I will ask you . ma ’am . bathsheba ( she stand to address the room ) from now on you have a mistress , not a master . I do not yet know my talent in farming , but I shall do my best . if you suppose , because I be a woman , that I do not know bad from good , right from wrong , then leave . but to that who choose to stay , I promise you this . I shall be up before you be awake , I shall be in the field before you be up . it be my intention to astonish you all . now - back to work , please . she stand and leave the room . the worker look on , some impressed , some sceptical , some duly astonished . ext . melchester moor - dusk 40 as the evening fall , fanny walk through the mud of a riverside path in barely adequate shoe towards melchester barracks . she still carry she carpet - bag , still on the move . it 's a barren , bleak landscape , and some of the hope , some of the certainty have go from fanny 's adventure . 41 ffmc shoot script Sept 2013 22 ext . melchester barracks — dusk 41 a river . a wall , high and blank , with shutter window . fanny count the window - fanny one , two , three , four ... she pick up a handful of earth , throw it . the small window open , and troy appear . troy who 's there ? fanny be it sergeant Frank Troy ? troy who be it ? fanny Frank , do not you know I ? fanny robbin ! troy fanny ! fanny yes ! troy how do you get here ? fanny you say I be to come . troy well ... I say that you might . you be too late ! fanny you can not come out and see I ? troy no no , the barrack gate be close and I have no leave . I will find you tomorrow . fanny tomorrow ! oh , Frank . then I will not see you till then ? troy do you have a place to stay ? fanny yes . no. i’1l find somewhere . when will it be ? 42 43 ffmc shoot script Sept 2013 23 troy what ? fanny what you promise ... do not make I say it . you say it first ! troy you say it . fanny when will we get marry ? troy soon — fanny have you ask permission ? troy if I say I 'il marry you , I will . fanny oh , I love you Francis Troy ! troy shhhh ! tomorrow . he close the window but fanny linger , full of hope . ext . corn exchange , casterbridge - day 42 market Day . the building be at the very heart of the town , impose , high - dome and noisy , a sort of stock - exchange for grain . outside , bathsheba and liddy hoist hefty bag of grain sample from she carriage and head towards the entrance . int . corn exchange , casterbridge - day 43 Inside , it 's a temple of commerce , and a strictly male preserve that echoe with bargain , banter and deal - make - - until bathsheba enter , liddy behind she . bathsheba ( a whisper ) we have a perfect right to be here . all head turn . they could not be more surprised if a small elephant have enter the hall . a silence . then the murmur of gossip , disapproval , some admiration . meanwhile , one well-dressed gentleman clear he throat . 44 45 ffmc shoot script Sept 2013 24 boldwood gentlemen , shall we return to business ? this man be boldwood , forty , self - contain , handsome in a Roman way ; dignify , the nearest casterbridge have to aristocracy , and clearly a step above the tradesman around he . needless to say , bathsheba notice he -— but indifferent , boldwood return to business . int . corn exchange , casterbridge - day 44 a little later . still bathsheba stand alone , look for she first customer as the male crowd mill around she . liddy return ; liddy perhaps we should go , miss . but a farmer catch she eye . there 's nothing for it - bathsheba it 's Farmer Stone , be not it ? I be Farmer everdene 's niece . he talk about you with such admiration . a moment . and the farmer approach -— int . corn exchange , casterbridge - day 45 and now bathsheba be surround by farmer . she be enjoy herself now , as she pour the grain sample into farmer stone 's hand . farmer stone how much ? bathsheba five pound a quarter . farmer stone Three pound ten shilling . bathsheba you pay my uncle five pound . it 's the same grain , Mr Stone . farmer stone Three pound ten . and now boldwood have approach . 46 47 ffmc shoot script Sept 2013 25 bathsheba how about you , sir ? you ’1ll pay I five pound ? he tip he hat and walk away . bathsheba watch he . farmer stone very well . four pound - bathsheba - and ten shilling . farmer stone four pound five . bathsheba perhaps I should move on ... farmer stone very well . four and ten . a handshake , the audience enjoy the show , almost as much as bathsheba be enjoy the success . her eye seek out boldwood , but he be already on to more important matter . music up : the wheeze of a church organ , the sound of the choir . int . church , weatherbury - day 46 bathsheba and liddy be in they Sunday best , take they seat in the congregation . bathsheba it be as bad as be marry . eye everywhere ! liddy Men ! they do like to stare at we . bathsheba there be only one man who have the good sense to pay no attention to I — int . church , weatherbury - day 47 a hymn . boldwood sing in a strong dignify baritone . but despite bathsheba 's glance , he remain maddeningly indifferent . elsewhere , gabriel sit in the gallery with the male worker , attract admire glance from the women opposite . he observe bathsheba , observe boldwood . ffmc shoot script Sept 2013 26 liddy Rich , handsome , it send the local girl mad . the Taylor sister work at he for two year . Jane Perkins spend twenty pound in new clothes and might as well have throw it out the window . it 's say when he be young he sweetheart jilted he ... bathsheba people always say that . woman do not jilt man . Men jilt we . liddy do someone jilt you , miss ? and there 's gabriel , talk with the other men . bathsheba me? certainly not . a man do ask to marry I once , some time ago . liddy and you would not have he ? bathsheba I think he be not good enough for I . liddy what a luxury , to have a choice . ' kiss my foot sir , my face be for mouth of consequence 's . bathsheba it be not like that at all . liddy why ? do you love he ? bathsheba do not answer . ext . field , everdene farm - day 48 early February morning , and bathsheba be the first in the field as promise , a shotgun sling across she back , a pair of pheasant hang by she side . bathsheba watch and wait , and be about to fire when - she hear a noise behind she , and turn . mr boldwood be there on horseback . he ride on . bathsheba Mr boldwood ! 49 ffmc shoot script Sept 2013 27 boldwood do not shoot I , please . bathsheba I have no intention of shoot you . ( nothing ) it 's miss everdene ! you neighbour . Farmer everdene 's niece ? I be manage the farm alone now , perhaps you would hear . boldwood yes , I be sure you will do very well . in the circumstance . ( bathsheba bridle ) well . as you say , we be neighbour . good hunt , miss everdene . and that 's it . bathsheba watch he go . int . study , everdene farm - day 49 surrounded by book , papers , dusty box , bathsheba and liddy be sorting through Farmer everdene 's old belonging . liddy listen to this . ' the Rose be red , the violet blue , carnation sweet ... 's bathsheba what be you do , liddy ? liddy it 's a valentine . I be go to send it to Joseph poorgrass , just to see the look of panic on he face . a gawdy , sentimental confection of paper and lace . bathsheba poor boy . a little far-fetched , be not it ? liddy either he or Mr oak - bathsheba ( abruptly ) no. certainly not Mr oak . liddy I know ! let 's send it to high and mighty Mr boldwood ! ignoring you like that .. ffmc shoot script Sept 2013 28 bathsheba yes ! liddy or perhaps not . bathsheba no , we must ! liddy we must not ! bathsheba why not ? liddy because he will not see the humour - bathsheba I be sure he will . or perhaps he will not , perhaps it be too much . liddy perhaps it be . ( but it 's too much fun to miss ) unless we toss for it . from the debris , she find a book . bathsheba open boldwood , close - liddy Joseph poorgrass . bathsheba close - Joseph , open - boldwood . liddy be we ready ? bathsheba quickly , before I change my mind ! and she toss the book high into the air . it land . open. 50 51 52 ffmc shoot script Sept 2013 29 int . dine room , boldwood 's mansion - day 50 the valentine . it lie in its envelope on the large dining table in boldwood 's large , comfortable house . boldwood raise he tea to he lip , and glance casually at the envelope . he turn it over . facing he be the wax seal . imprint in the red wax the word - ' marry I 's carefully , he place the tea-cup down . he check the address - yes , no mistake there . with forensic care , he take a knife and carefully prise open the envelope so as not to break the seal , then pull out the card ; the gaudy confection of lace and cupid . a entirely foreign object , he hold it with he finger tip . he open it , and a perfectly order world be knock out of shape . int . all saint 's church , casterbridge - day 51 a service be just end and as the parishioner disperse , troy walk towards the priest , splendid in full uniform , nerve conceal behind he swagger . troy sergeant Troy , for half - past eleven . priest yes , sergeant Troy and - troy miss fanny robbin . we be get marry . int . all saint 's church , casterbridge - day 52 later . troy , stand erect at the altar , impassive . the sound of a door behind he . he do not turn , but smile in anticipation of the sight of he bride ... but it 's only sergeant doggett , he best man . doggett sorry I be late , old boy . not long now . a few parishioner have remain to spectate . 53 54 55 56 57 ffmc shoot script Sept 2013 30 parishioner one ( whisper ) where be she ? troy do not move . ext . STREET / church , casterbridge - day 53 and sure enough , here come fanny robbin hurry along . she look beautiful , a simple bunch of flower grasp in she hand . int . all saint 's church , casterbridge - day 54 the priest have now take a seat . troy 's composure remain intact . ext . STREET / church , casterbridge - day 55 all soul 's church be up ahead . fanny pause for a moment , take a deep breath , compose herself , suppress she joy . and enter . a GROOM stand at the altar . a bride too . consternation as the small congregation turn and see fanny in she wedding dress . confusion . int . all saint 's church , casterbridge - day 56 meanwhile troy still wait . discomfort now . the old lady whisper . there be some laughter , but troy 's feature remain fix . the church bell start to chime . doggett place he hand on troy 's shoulder . doggett do not think she 's come , old boy . a moment . then with a snap of he heel troy turn and march back down the aisle with as much dignity as he can muster . as he pass , the old lady smile sympathetically . ' poor lamb !' enrage ! humiliate . ext . all saint 's church , casterbridge - day 57 fanny hurtle across the square just in time to see a stern troy march away from the church . 58 ffmc shoot script Sept 2013 31 fanny Frank ! oh , Frank ! wait ! troy do not break stride as fanny try to make light of it . fanny ( cont 'd ) there 's be a mistake ! I think you tell I all soul 's not all Saint 's ! I go to the wrong church ! I think you have jilted I , Frank ! ( no smile ) I do not blame you , but I be sure you do say ... or perhaps it be my mistake after all . still , we be here now ! smile , Frank , please ? ( he do not speak . ) tomorrow then ! we will get marry tomorrow , just the same ? and troy stop and turn on she . with barely conceal rage - troy do you think I 'il be humiliate a second time ? fanny it be a mistake , Frank . troy ( stride on ) it be . fanny you will marry I though , will not you , Frank ? you promise , and you know I love you . do not walk away . I have nowhere else to go . tell I , I beg you , when ? when ? people be watch now , she 's struggle to maintain she pride despite grow panic . she take troy 's arm , he shake she off . there 's a final look from troy before he turn and walk away , leave fanny , heartbroken , stand in the street in she wedding dress . int . dine room , boldwood 's mansion - day 58 ' marry I 's . the word in red wax on the envelope , which now sit on boldwood 's mantelpiece . boldwood take he breakfast , as before , but now he eye return to the envelope . the butler arrive , bear the post . boldwood sort through it eagerly , stop - 59 60 ffmc shoot script Sept 2013 32 he cross to the window . in the everdene field beyond , gabriel . ext . field , everdene farm - day 59 gabriel be stack log with the help of little teddy coggan . boldwood stride purposefully across field towards he . boldwood Mr oak ! a little later . boldwood now help gabriel with he work . boldwood ( cont ’d ) a letter come to I by mistake . ' the new shepherd , weatherbury 's I can only assume it 's for you . gabriel open the letter . the coin , return from fanny as promise . a simple note . ' thank you for you kindness 's boldwood , meanwhile , produce he pocket book , contain the letter . with force casualness - boldwood ( cont 'd ) on a separate matter , between ourselves , I wonder , do you know whose handwrite this be ? ( he show he the envelope ) it 's just a foolish thing - gabriel there be no name ? boldwood no , I believe that be where the fun lie . do you recognise it ? he do . and with recognition , he understand bathsheba 's intention too . her perceive ambition . it all make terrible sense . gabriel miss everdene 's . int . corn exchange , casterbridge - day 60 deaf to the noise around he , boldwood watch bathsheba . for the first time he notice the curve of she neck , the colour of she lip , the shape of she ear . to farmer stone ; 60a 61 ffmc shoot script Sept 2013 33 boldwood be miss everdene consider attractive ? farmer stone ( have he go mad ? ) very much indeed . farmer surround she , as she smile , banter , negotiate with a handsome young man , all watch from boldwood 's p.o.v . another new experience - jealousy . suddenly she look across , and catch he eye . hurriedly he look away . this be all new . for the first time in he life , he heart have begin to move within he . int . boldwood 's mansion - night 60a and so he sit . insomniac . all peace of mind lose . ext . yard - day 61 end of May and the time come for sheep - wash . to this end , a series of fence have be set up , obliging the sheep to enter a deep stonework pool . up to they chest in chill water , stand gabriel and he assistant shepherd jan . they must hold the panicked sheep under water then hoist they on to dry land . bathsheba and liddy arrive . liddy careful you do not get wet , Mr oak ! gabriel perhaps you have care to lend a hand ? the men laugh . bathsheba you do not think I could ? very well . and bathsheba stride towards the water and , without hesitation , step right in . she be able and strong , smile at the applause of the laughter of the other then get on with the work . for one moment , in the muddy water , we see the shape of bathsheba and gabriel 's hand meeting for a moment . 62 63 ffmc shoot script Sept 2013 34 ext . yard -— day 62 boldwood , in he Sunday best , hear the shout and splashes of the sheep - dip , and approach . then stop . the most extraordinary sight . bathsheba up to she waist in the water , manoeuve the sheep through the water . liddy approach he quickly and he speak to she for a moment , pass on a message . liddy mister boldwood wonder if he might have a word . bathsheba Mr boldwood , of course , perhaps later ? i’1l need to - boldwood nod and leave . bathsheba haul herself out of the water . the men exchange meaningful glance . gabriel back to work . they do so . but gabriel can not help but watch bathsheba . ext / int . terrace / great hall , boldwood 's mansion - day 63 the house be beautiful . bathsheba and boldwood stand on the terrace , somewhat self - conscious . boldwood one-thousand acre , a mix of arable and livestock . a orchard . a glasshouse . I have some interesting pig . ( bathsheba laugh . boldwood too ) some other time perhaps . bathsheba and boldwood walk through the fine hall , boldwood watch she , note how she fit in here . this seem right . bathsheba you have a very beautiful house . ( no reply from boldwood ) Mr boldwood ? boldwood forgive I , perhaps I should ... i’1l speak plainly . I have feel lately , more and more , that my present way of live be bad , in every respect bad . but we all change , and my change in this matter come with see you . ffmc shoot script Sept 2013 35 and bathsheba know what must come next . boldwood ( cont 'd ) miss everdene , I want , very much , more than anything , to have you as my wife . ( grasp she hand - ) miss everdene - marry I ! bathsheba I feel , Mr boldwood , though I respect you very much , I do not feel - what would justify I to - in accept you offer . boldwood look as if he have be strike . boldwood I see . I have know disappointment in the past , and I would not have ask in this instance if I have not be lead to believe - ( he fumble in he pocket , the envelope ) unless ... unless I be mistaken - bathsheba the valentine . no , you be not mistaken , but I should never have send it . forgive I , it be thoughtless to disturb you peace of mind - boldwood ' thoughtless 's ? bathsheba impetuous , frivolous - boldwood so - you mean it as a joke ? bathsheba no ! not a joke , not exactly - boldwood then a premonition perhaps ? of future feeling ? bathsheba I have not fall in love with you . certainly I may say that . I like and respect you very much but you be too ... dignify for I . ffmc shoot script Sept 2013 36 boldwood too dignify ? I see . perhaps you think I be too old , but I x11 take more care of you than anyone you own age -— bathsheba - I be sure you would - boldwood I ' 1ll protect you , and care for you , you shall have no worry , you farm shall be look after by a man , you shall never have to so much as look out of door at harvest time . ( bathsheba shake she head ) you shall have dress , a gig , a piano - ( - and smile , despite herself ) I amuse you ? bathsheba no , it 's only ... I have my own piano , and my own farm and I have no need for a husband . ( boldwood do not know what to say ) I think I would like to return home . my hat , please ... boldwood yes , yes of course . I will ...1I ’1l1 get someone to drive you . you hat . but he 's in something of a daze , knock sideways by this disappointment . bathsheba see this , and take pity . bathsheba Mr boldwood . I have make you miserable . it be very wick of I and in she apology he see he chance . boldwood will you reconsider ? she take he in . handsome , dignify . would it be so bad ? boldwood ( cont 'd ) can I hope for a change of heart ? bathsheba do not hope . let I think . 64 ffmc shoot script Sept 2013 37 boldwood yes . yes , I will give you time . ( he smile , give she the hat ) I will wait . int . workshop , everdene farm - dusk 64 gabriel work alone by lamplight , sharpen blade on a pedal - drive grindstone in anticipation of the impending shearing . spark illuminate gabriel 's face . bathsheba you be work late , Mr oak . gabriel we will need sharp blade for the shearing . his manner be subdued . there 's something on he mind . so - bathsheba will you teach I ? gabriel give up he seat at the grindstone . bathsheba sit down , and gabriel set the wheel in motion . gabriel here — ( he sit behind , arm wrap around she ) incline the edge so . that 's right . like that . his hand cover hers . the wheel spin . too casually - bathsheba I want to ask , do the man say anything today , about Mr boldwood ? gabriel yes they do . bathsheba what do they say ? gabriel that you have be marry before the end of the year . bathsheba I see . well I would like you to contradict it , to the man . and any warmth there might have be instantly disappear . the wheel spin , then gabriel speak -— a beat . ffmc shoot script Sept 2013 38 gabriel well , bathsheba - bathsheba ' miss everdene 's please - gabriel - if Mr boldwood do really speak of marriage then I be not go to tell storey just to please you . bathsheba I say that I want you just to mention that it be not true that I be go to marry he . gabriel I can say that if you wish . I could also give a opinion of what you have do . bathsheba I dare say , but I do not want you opinion , Mr oak ! gabriel I suppose not . bathsheba well , what be you opinion ? gabriel that you be greatly to blame for play prank on a man like Mr boldwood . you action be unworthy of you . bathsheba unworthy ! May I ask where my unworthiness lie ? in rejecting you perhaps ? gabriel I have long give up think of that . bathsheba or wishing it ? gabriel or wishing it either . ( do he mean it ? have he move on ? this blow hit too . with great dignity ) but I will say this ; ( more ) ffmc shoot script Sept 2013 39 gabriel ( cont 'd ) lead on a man you do not care for be beneath you . and with this parting shot he turn and walk away . bathsheba I cannot allow a employee to criticise my private conduct . you will please leave the farm at the end of the week ! gabriel ( calmly ) I would prefer to go at once . bathsheba then go ! I never want to see you face again ! a long moment . gabriel very well ' miss everdene 's . i’1l go first thing tomorrow . he walk away with great dignity , and bathsheba can only watch he go . 65 ext . gabriel 's cottage - day 65 his possession on he back , gabriel close the door of he small , comfortable cottage , and set off once again . 66 ext . field , everdene farm - day 66 bathsheba gallop up , Jan and Joseph run alongside . scatter across the field the sheep lie on they side , they stomach swollen , Jacob and billy examine they . bathsheba what be wrong with they ? joseph poorgrass they break fence and get into a field of young clover . make they stomach swell . come see . they approach one particular sheep , breathe fast , foam at its mouth . bathsheba how do this happen ? who let they break fence ? ( the man look at the ground ) ( more ) ffmc shoot script Sept 2013 40 bathsheba ( cont 'd ) and why do not you tell I sooner ? ( bathsheba kneel . ) poor thing . what do we do now ? joseph poorgrass nothing . the whole flock be blast . bathsheba blasted ? you mean they be all go to die ? billy smallbury most probably . jan coggan ( with a sheep ) another one go here . bathsheba but there must be something we can do ! jacob smallbury ( the elder , sagely ) only one way of save they . bathsheba what be it ? tell I , quickly ! jacob smallbury they must be pierce in they side with a tool make on purpose . a hollow pipe , with a pricker inside . bathsheba well can you do it ? eventually - jacob smallbury no. bathsheba can I ? jacob smallbury good lord , no . one inch to the right or leave and you kill the ewe for sure . not even a shepherd can do it as a rule . 67 68 ffmc shoot script Sept 2013 4l bathsheba then who ? tell I ! ( they look at the floor - ) no . oh no . ext . country road - day 67 gabriel be well on he way to casterbridge with he possession on he back . healthier than when we first see he , but on the road again . a shout come across the field . joseph poorgrass Gabriel ! Gabriel oak ! wait ! he turn , curious . ext . field , everdene farm - day 68 bathsheba stoop over another die sheep . elsewhere - jan coggan lose another one , mar ’am breathless , joseph poorgrass ride up . bathsheba why be you alone ? do you find he ? joseph poorgrass yes miss ... bathsheba so what do he say ? joseph poorgrass ( embarrassed ) he say ... bathsheba Joseph , please ... all be listen . joseph poorgrass he say you be to come in person and request he civilly in a proper manner . 69 70 71 ffmc shoot script Sept 2013 42 bathsheba where do he get he air ! I 'il do no such thing ! joseph poorgrass he say you have say that . he say to reply that ' beggar can not be chooser 's . ext . country lane - day 69 gabriel wait patiently , a picture of nonchalance as a figure on horseback appear . bathsheba . if he 's enjoy this , he try not to let it show . the mere ghost of a smile as he stand . bathsheba dismount . with some effort , she re-arranges she face , from vex pride to force humility . bathsheba Mr oak . Gabriel ? ( a deep breath ) please do not desert I , Gabriel . I need you help . a moment . then he walk abruptly towards bathsheba ... --. and past she , take the rein of the horse , mount it . he 's about to ride off . bathsheba ( cont ’d ) make room for I . gabriel smile and hold out he hand to she - gabriel hold on . he urge the horse into a gallop , bathsheba hold on tight around he waist . ext . field , everdene farm - day 70 - then across the field . liddy , jan coggan and the other see they approach . jan smile . jan coggan you sly old dog ... ext . field , everdene farm - day 71 gabriel kneel over a bloat sheep , reach into he pocket and produce a strange instrument . 72 ffmc shoot script Sept 2013 43 a brass rod , with a needle conceal inside , a kind of basic syringe . like a surgeon , he pass he hand over the sheep 's flank . gabriel find the spot ... just here , between the rib ... and with a sudden , skilled motion , he stab the sheep . bathsheba and the other recoil . liddy oh Lord ! gabriel look worse than it be . now - the lance pierce the skin , and when the needle be remove the air rush audibly through the tube . slowly the sheep visibly deflate , a live balloon . bathsheba can not help but laugh . gabriel smile and set to work on he next patient . ext . field , everdene farm - day 72 bathsheba have the syringe now , and lean poise over a bloat sheep . the other worker look on - bathsheba here ? gabriel fast and strong and she will not feel it . he take she finger , place they on a spot over the sheep 's rib . bathsheba summon up she courage , raise the syringe like a dagger - liddy I can't look ! bathsheba liddy ! ( she raise it again ) perhaps you should do it . gabriel and when I be not here ? bathsheba stab the sheep . the needle be remove , the sheep deflate . the crowd sigh in relief . bathsheba laugh ... 73 74 ffmc shoot script Sept 2013 44 ext . field , everdene farm - dusk 73 and now the sun be set , and bathsheba watch , admire he skill and dedication as gabriel , light by lamp , move expertly from one sheep to the next . bathsheba ridiculous animal . always get into trouble . and if gabriel remain he own misfortune , he do not say anything . the last of the sheep be on its foot again . he cross to bathsheba , and they survey the scene . bathsheba ( cont ’d ) Gabriel . stay on with I ? he smile . and nothing more need to be say . ext . everdene garden - night 74 a celebratory meal . bathsheba 's piano have be move out into the yard and decorate with flower , and jan coggan play and sing a tune . gabriel be dress smartly , a man on the move at one end of the table , bathsheba at the other . as twilight fall and the music play , bathsheba survey the bucolic scene and allow herself a smile for she achievement . her eye meet gabriel 's in gratitude . joseph poorgrass , meanwhile , have conquer he nerve enough to sing a song , a truly awful dirge , literally monotonous . joseph poorgrass I sow the seed of love / it be all in the spring .... it 's all too much for liddy , who have the tablecloth stuff into she mouth to suppress laughter . joseph poorgrass ( cont ’d ) o the willow tree will twist ... the fit of giggle be spread along the table . bathsheba struggle with a straight face . then she see a new arrival ; mr boldwood . bathsheba ( premature applause ) thank you Joseph ! that 's enough . ( joseph sit ) Mr boldwood ! will you join we ? where - ( more ) 75 ffmc shoot script Sept 2013 45 bathsheba ( cont 'd ) ( a place for he to sit ) Gabriel , would you mind ... a brief moment of awkwardness as the social order be - establish itself . but - liddy / maryann / temperance and soberness there 's a space next to I , Gabriel ! / over here , Mr oak ! / come and sit with we , Mr oak ! he join liddy further down the table . jacob smallbury a song , mar ’am ? General approval at the notion . bathsheba I ? I could not possibly ! ( liddy and gabriel share a ironic smile ) I do not know what to say ! very well . she sit at the piano and begin to play . the song be ' the bank of allan Water 's and , after a moment 's nervousness , she sing it beautifully . gabriel watch she , then turn to look at boldwood , enthrone at the head of the table , the heir apparent . gabriel note the devotion in he eye . to everyone 's surprise , he start to sing too . a falter baritone that grow in confidence . the song become a duet then end with loud applause . gabriel realise that this be a battle that he can never hope to win . he join in the applause . ext . everdene garden - night 75 in the exquisite evening , a lantern between they , bathsheba and boldwood walk away from the party . boldwood I think we be rather good . bathsheba so do I ! ( they laugh . a beat . ) I want to thank you for not approach I again on ... that subject . boldwood it have not be easy . ffmc shoot script Sept 2013 46 bathsheba and I be grateful for you restraint , Mr boldwood . I can not give you my answer tonight but by the end of the summer , in six week time , my mind will be clearer and you will have my decision then . boldwood it 's enough . it 's more than I hope for . bathsheba be there ... anything else ? a moment . will he kiss she ? her face be raise towards he , exquisite in the glow of the lamp . she smile - granting permission . but - boldwood do you wish I to accompany you back to the house ? with disappointment , bathsheba register the hesitation . bathsheba no , I like to walk around the farm myself each night , to make sure all be safe . boldwood then I x11 walk with you - bathsheba I have do it many time alone . goodnight , Mr boldwood . and she walk off , leave boldwood hopeful , bathsheba thoughtful . 76 ffmc shoot script Sept 2013 47 ext . plantation - night 76 a narrow , overgrown footpath through a fir plantation . the passage be barely wide enough for one and she 's disconcert to see another figure enter the corridor ahead of she . a man . a moment of fear and hesitation . she gather she nerve , lower the lantern and proceed to walk . the male figure get closer . a scarlet jacket , unbuttone , a uncertain step . they be about to pass . head down , she squeeze by and - - be immediately stop in she track . her dress have become entangle with the spur - soldier have I hurt you ? bathsheba no - soldier we be entangle . let I - he turn on the lantern . she place the lantern on the ground , send great shadow dance in the tree . he take it from she , and raise it so that they face be illuminate . sergeant frank troy . the sudden sight of all that silver and scarlet be like the blare of a trumpet . bathsheba be take aback . troy too . troy good God ! they kneel together simultaneously , then with the lantern shine onto they face , they untangle the knot . bathsheba we have get hitched together somehow . troy then it seem you be my prisoner - bathsheba you be make it worse on purpose - 77 ffmc shoot script Sept 2013 48 troy now why would I do that ? bathsheba let I do it myself - troy why such a hurry ? husband wait ? ( bathsheba be silent ) I have a knife here . bathsheba no ! here , let I try - ( he can not look away . ) please do not stare . troy I can not help myself . bathsheba you be drunk . I smell it on you breath . troy I do not think I have ever see a woman as beautiful as you . bathsheba how dare you ! troy take it or leave it , it 's the truth . the knot come undone suddenly , cause she to stumble backwards . he pull she to she foot . a moment as they face each other , then she bustles off . to she back - troy ( cont 'd ) at least tell I you name ! where do you live ? I want see you again ! and he watch she as she disappear into the night . ext . field , everdene farm - day 77 a bright summer 's day and the farm worker be make hay . the men lead , scythes flash in the sun . the women , wear tilt bonnet to protect they from the sun , follow on behind , rake the cut hay into windrow - rank pile leave to dry in the sun before bind into sheath . ffmc shoot script Sept 2013 49 liddy and bathsheba join in the work . liddy miss , look - amongst the dull yellow smock , a bright white shirt ; troy , with a scythe , energetically mow ahead . bathsheba who be he , liddy ? liddy sergeant Francis Troy . mother be a french governess , father be a doctor . or a Earl , depend on what you believe . Noble blood , full of promise , very sharp and trim . well educate , good thing expect of he , and he throw it all in to be a soldier . and a walk ruin to decent girl . ( bathsheba give she a look . ) so they say . bathsheba ( tut , stride off ) well I will not have it . liddy what be you do , miss ? bathsheba I be go to tell he to leave ! and she stride towards troy . liddy watch , amused . 78 ext . field , everdene farm - continuous 78 troy watch she approach . the other worker too , stop and stare , gabriel amongst they . bathsheba sergeant Troy , I must absolutely insist that you leave this very moment ! troy I can not , I have to work off my sin . he go back to work . bathsheba well ... I wish you would not . troy why not ? ffmc shoot script Sept 2013 50 bathsheba because I have rather not thank you . troy and I have rather not leave . so I will not . and he return to work . bathsheba leave stare at he back . gabriel lay down he scythe and be about to intervene . bathsheba ( to troy , sternly - ) will you follow I , please ? and she stride off through the tall grass . troy put down he scythe , and follow , grin . troy Farmer everdene , you be quite the local legend . bathsheba please ! troy what anger you exactly ? what I say , or the way I say it ? bathsheba neither ... both ! I will not allow stranger to be impudent , even in praise . troy even if it 's the truth ? you must know . there must be some man who tell you that you be beautiful . bathsheba not to my face , not exactly - troy but there must be someone , who kiss you and tell you - bathsheba I have never be kiss . ( the admission surprise both of they . they stop . ) why could not you have just pass by and say nothing ? troy half the pleasure of a feel lie in be able to express it . do you forgive I . ffmc shoot script Sept 2013 51 bathsheba I do not ! troy why ? bathsheba because ... the thing you say . troy I say you be beautiful and I will say it again . the most beautiful face I ever see . bathsheba that 's simply not true - troy but you have never see yourself through a man 's eye - bathsheba of course not - troy - you do not know what it 's like . bathsheba what be it like ? troy like not be able to think , or hear , or look in any direction . except one . bathsheba glance to where the worker and gabriel , be stare . a pause . bathsheba I hope you fight as well as you speak . troy better . meet I tomorrow , eight o'clock and I ’1l1 show you . bathsheba I can not . troy you do not want to ? bathsheba yes , but - 79 80 81 82 ffmc shoot script Sept 2013 52 troy then you must . bathsheba I must not . I can not tell you why , but I must not ... troy but you could . nobody would know . bathsheba then I must bring liddy ... troy now why would you want to do that ? bathsheba please . go now . troy tomorrow night . eight o'clock . the hollow in the fern . he turn and walk casually away , leave bathsheba flushed and breathless . int . bedroom , everdene farm - day 79 bathsheba attempt to read . but she mind be elsewhere . exasperate , she put down the book . glance at the clock . pick up the book . should she go ? and - int . hallway , everdene farm - late afternoon 80 if she go , be she dress right ? she assess herself in the mirror . she wear she finest summer dress , pull the material against she body . she look exquisite . ext . meadow , weatherbury farm - late afternoon 81 and now she 's hurry through the meadow towards she rendezvous , flushed in anticipation - ext . the hollow in the fern - late afternoon 82 a uncultivate tract of land form a natural amphitheatre , at the base of which stand a smudge of scarlet . troy , wait . bathsheba watch he a moment , breathless . she should leave , immediately . but he see she , and smile . 83 ffmc shoot script Sept 2013 53 ext . the hollow in the fern - evening 83 a exquisite evening , sultry and sensual . troy be give he lesson , a fearsome look sword glint in he hand . the sword exercise be a series of lethal look slashes and thrust , very precise . troy narrate as he demonstrate . troy four right and leave cut , four right and leave thrust . ( the sword hiss through the air . bathsheba watch , entrance . ) cut one be as sow corn , two as if hedge . Three as if reap , four as if thresh ... do you trust I ? bathsheba I do . troy ( he remove he jacket . ) now . you be my enemy , with this exception ; I shall miss you every time by a hair 's breadth ... ( his hand on she waist , he position she as if for a dance . ) I give you my word as a soldier , I will not harm you . the sword be blunt , but you must not flinch . bathsheba I ' 1l try not to . troy ( he ready himself ) very well . let 's begin . and suddenly the air be fill with the swash of the blade , glint in the sun 's low ray as troy repeat the exercise , the blade pass thrillingly close to bathsheba 's body . and then the display be over . troy be sweat and bathsheba too be exhilated . bathsheba be it over ? troy yes . except — and he raise the point of the sword once more to she cheek . a flick of the wrist , and a lock of hair fall . 84 85 86 ffmc shoot script Sept 2013 54 bathsheba how do you ... how could you cut my hair ? troy this sword could skin you alive . bathsheba you lie ! you tell I I be safe ! troy and you be , entirely safe . I give you my word . ( he step closer . ) now , I will take this - - the lock of dark hair lie on she breast . instinctively bathsheba turn she face up towards he , and he take she face in he hand . her first kiss have a startling passion , like nothing she have ever experience before . his hand , too , be between she leg . she gasp . and then , with a coolness that 's almost callous , he simply walk away , leave bathsheba breathless . ext . meadow , weatherbury farm - night 84 and as night fall , she walk slowly home , transformed . the night be warm , it have a sensuality to it . something have change . int . bedroom , everdene farm - late afternoon 85 bathsheba dress for she rendezvous . there be no hesitation this time . she stand ... ext . everdene farm - late afternoon 86 - and hurry through the courtyard towards she next rendezvous with troy . when - gabriel miss everdene . ( she stop - catch ) perhaps I could walk with you . 87 ffmc shoot script Sept 2013 55 ext . yard , everdene farm - dusk 87 bathsheba and gabriel walk side by side in silence in the warmth of the summer evening . but bathsheba be on edge , keen to get away . bathsheba I be quite happy to walk by myself . gabriel I x11 walk with you . they walk a little further . bathsheba still , perhaps I 'il say goodnight - gabriel you should have nothing to do with he . he 's not good enough for you . bathsheba why ever not ? he 's perfectly honourable , perfectly decent - gabriel that 's not what I believe . bathsheba why , what have you hear ? tell I ! ( and he could . he know . but he hesitates . ) you see , it 's all rumour , prejudice , simply because he 's a soldier - gabriel I like soldier , but not this one . I believe he to have no conscience at all . stay clear . do not listen to he , do not believe he . get rid of he . bathsheba and why should you care ? a moment . they both know . gabriel I be not such a fool as to imagine I might stand a chance now that you be so ... above I . but -— ( a deep breath ; this be hard . ) Mr boldwood love you . you would be safe in he hand . 88 89 ffmc shoot script Sept 2013 56 bathsheba you want I to be ' safe 's ? a beat . it pain he to say it , but - gabriel yes , I do . a long moment . bathsheba be touch , but also surprised by she own reaction . she reach for indignation instead . bathsheba then I think it might be best for both of we if you leave this farm immediately . but gabriel start to laugh . gabriel this be the second time you have pretend to dismiss I —- bathsheba pretended ! - gabriel what 's the use of it ? sometimes I would be glad as a bird to leave this place , for do not suppose I be content to stay a nobody all my life . one day I will leave you , you can be sure of that . but for now I care for you too much to see you go to ruin . so if you do not mind , I will stay by you side . bathsheba smile , gabriel too . but now another a figure approach . troy . he stop and wait a little way off . one moment 's hesitation , and she walk towards troy . without look back , gabriel walk away . int . study , everdene farm - day 88 next day . bathsheba write a letter , seal a envelope to ' Mr boldwood , lower farm , weatherbury . 's no turn back now . int . bedroom , everdene farm - night 89 decisive , bathsheba go to she wardrobe and begin to pack - 90 91 92 93 94 ffmc shoot script Sept 2013 57 ext . farmyard , everdene farm - night 90 she hurl she bag into she fastest gig , head off into the night . ext . bath - dawn 91 and as the sun rise , the city of bath appear in the distance . a weary bathsheba urge the horse on . ext . STREET corner , bath - day 92 at the appoint time and place , troy wait . through the crowd , he see she ; bathsheba , breathless with anticipation . she watch for a moment and approach . they stand in the street , tantalisingly close . bathsheba I be not sure if you have be here . Frank ... troy of course . beneath she cloak , she reach out one hand . just they fingertip entwine . int . dine room , boldwood 's mansion - day 93 boldwood sit alone at a large dining table , take he solitary breakfast , read he mail just as he have on Valentine 's Day . a letter . he recognise the handwrite now . a rattling sound . he notice that he hand be shaking . carefully , he put he tea- cup down . boldwood open the letter . ext . country lane , weatherbury - night 94 the coach from bath make its lonely way towards weatherbury . boldwood watch the coach approach , he hand tightening on the silver - head cane . the coach stop at the top of the lane that lead to the everdene farm . a figure descend ; troy start to walk towards the farm . boldwood fall into step behind , cane in hand . ffmc shoot script Sept 2013 58 95 ext . country lane , everdene farm - night 95 on the approach to bathsheba 's house now . boldwood go to see she I suppose ? troy walk on without turn . boldwood ( cont 'd ) do you hear I ? troy should I know you ? boldwood my name be William boldwood . troy never hear of you . boldwood nevertheless , I wish to have a conversation . I do not wish to enter into question of right or wrong , you would not understand . I ’ma businessman , and I intend a business transaction with you . troy go on . boldwood I be engage to be marry to miss everdene until you come along . troy not quite engage ... boldwood you have hear of I then . troy she tell I some foolish old man be in love with she . you , I presume . boldwood ( he let this go ) miss everdene will never marry you . you be not even a officer . she 's play with you , you be too poor , too low -down . a nobody . ( troy laugh this off -) troy what be you proposal ? ffmc shoot script Sept 2013 59 boldwood marry the other girl . leave miss everdene alone . I will make it worth you while . but this be like a slap for troy . he consider boldwood , take he seriously now . troy how ? boldwood leave tonight and I will give you fifty pound . the girl shall have money too , and after the wedding I ' 1l settle a certain amount of money on the both of you , pay annually . you can resign you commission , leave this place , start a new life . and leave we be . troy consider the deal . troy fifty pound you say ? boldwood I have the money here . and he produce the money . troy you seem very confident I x11 accept . boldwood I know what you be worth . troy let this pass . he take the money , weigh it in he hand , then open the gate and head towards bathsheba 's house . boldwood follow on , alarmed - boldwood ( cont 'd ) where be you go ? you must go tonight , that 's the agreement - troy I can not just leave without say goodbye . it will break she heart . i’1l tell she I be not good enough then go straight away . how 's that ? boldwood no word of I or we arrangement . and never see she again , you must swear ... ffmc shoot script Sept 2013 60 troy I give my solemn vow as a soldier , that I will ... ( almost at the door , he suddenly stop . ) but wait a moment .... boldwood what be it ? troy there 's a problem . boldwood tell I ! troy we be already marry . you see ? troy hold he hand up to boldwood 's face . a gold band on he finger . boldwood be break . troy ( cont 'd ) we marry first thing this morning . Lovely service in bath , very quiet , the two of we . tonight 's we wedding night . so , you see , it seem I be good enough for she after all . boldwood lunge , but troy intercept the blow . boldwood 's hand go to troy 's throat . boldwood I ’‘1l kill you , do you hear I ! i'11 break you wretch neck ! but troy swiftly turn the table , shrugging off boldwood 's grip and hurl he to the ground . Three sharp blow to the face - swift and effective . troy ( whisper in he ear ) best kill yourself , old man . do not you think ? ( push he to the ground ) now - pick up you money and go . you be trespasp . 96 97 98 99 ffmc shoot script Sept 2013 61 int . everdene farm - night 96 troy survey he home for the first time . he finger a porcelain figure , a book . he pick out note on the piano , pour a glass of wine . his hand be still shaking . this be all he property now . for all its comfort , suddenly it seem bourgeois , dowdy , dull . a twinge of doubt . there be , he realise , the potential for this all to go horribly wrong . a noise , a voice from above . troy walk towards the stair . int . bedroom , everdene farm - night 97 they make love for the first time . in contrast to the bravado and swagger of they past encounter , there 's something tender , tentative about it . int . bedroom , everdene farm - morning 98 bathsheba sleep soundly in the tangle sheet . sound from the yard wake troy . wearing breech and he scarlet jacket , he sit on the edge of the crumpled bed and light a cheroot . from outside , the sound of hammer -— ext / int . yard , bedroom , everdene farm - continuous 99 gabriel , poorgrass and jan coggan be in the yard , well into the work day . troy good morning , comrade ! jan coggan Morning sir ! ( hiss to gabriel - ) answer the man ! troy Fine old house . need a lick of paint , do not you think ? ( nothing from the men ) you , Sir - ( - gabriel ) what 's you name ? for a while it seem as if he might not answer . gabriel oak . 100 101 ffmc shoot script Sept 2013 62 troy can not hear you ! gabriel my name be Gabriel oak . intercut . bathsheba hear this . troy ( to jan ) can you hear he ? Mr oak , please learn to smile and answer when you be speak to . I will be down in the field some time this week , but until then we be not to be disturb . ( meeting gabriel 's eye ; ) here , this - ( he toss they coin ) - be to drink we health . jan stoops eagerly to pick up the coin , but gabriel do not move . a figure have appear behind troy . bathsheba , wrap in the sheet of the marital bed , momentarily catch gabriel 's eye . nothing shameful in she decision , but still a concern for gabriel . troy ( cont 'd ) who be this Mr oak ? bathsheba he 's my right hand . troy take this in ... ext . field , everdene farm - day 100 the harvest begin , the rick pile high with the fruit of the year . back -break work , sweaty , the kind of occasion bathsheba would once have relish . but not now . from a carriage at the edge of the field the newly - marry couple watch the worker , shelter from the heat and humidity . troy be now a gentleman Farmer , ill - at - ease in new civilian clothes . bathsheba in she fashionable clothes be a observer , no longer a participant . gabriel glance over at she , then return to work . ext . the rick yard , everdene farm - dusk 101 dusty from the day labour , gabriel wash . then notice - a great fat toad lumber across the ground . 102 ffmc shoot script Sept 2013 63 oak kneel and watch its progress . the toad be look for shelter - a sure sign that a storm be come . he look to the sky too . the evening be clear , but dark cloud be already roll in . rook caw , cloud of starling wheel confusedly around the sky . the night have a sinister aspect . there 's a sense of forebode . the year 's harvest stand unprotect in the rick yard . the sound of music come from the barn - int . barn , everdene farm - dusk 102 a band be play and the barn be full of the worker and they family . foliage and old chandelier have be hang from the rafter , food and drink laid out clap , cheer and stomping as troy and bathsheba dance , wonderful together , eye lock . the dance end to much applause , troy and bathsheba at its centre . troy kiss she ; cheer , laughter . troy gentlemen ! silence ! Friends , it be not only the harvest Home that we be celebrate . this be also a wedding feast . a short while ago I have the happiness to lead to the altar this beautiful lady , you mistress , and only now have we be able to celebrate we happy news . so please , charge you glass and raise they to - my wonderful wife , Mrs bathsheba Troy ! gabriel watch the applause , then approach bathsheba . gabriel ( to bathsheba ) I have to tell you - troy to I , please , Mr oak . gabriel ( to both of they ) there 's go to be a storm . we need to protect the rick or we will lose the harvest . troy and how do you know there 's go to be a storm ? ffmc shoot script Sept 2013 64 gabriel ( hesitates , then -) certain sign . the animal . troy ( laugh , teasing ) the animal tell you ? gabriel I need five , six man for a hour , no more . bathsheba Frank , perhaps we ought to - troy nonsense ! tonight 's we celebration . oak , you have no glass in you hand - here . he pour a glass and offer it to gabriel . gabriel with all due respect , we need able - body work man , not drunk and fool ... troy it will not rain tonight . my wife forbid it ! now , if you 'il excuse I , Mr oak . gentlemen , one more thing . even though I be no longer sergeant Troy ! I remain a soldier in this one respect - ( he beckon one of the men forward . he carry -) bottle of the finest french brandy ! a triple-strength dose to every man here ! ( disquiet from bathsheba , shout and cheer from the man ) and if any of you man show the white feather , then you can look elsewhere for a winter 's work ! and to cheer and applause , the bottle be pass round . bathsheba , meanwhile , look to gabriel , want to follow . troy ( cont 'd ) you would not leave we wedding party . would you ? he kiss she , and she do she best not to worry . 103 104 116 105 106 107 108 ffmc shoot script Sept 2013 65 ext . rick yard , everdene farm - dusk 103 but outside , dark cloud have indeed start to form in the evening sky . a distant flash of lightning . the harvest stand vulnerable and expose . gabriel make a decision . int . barn , everdene farm - night 104 troy be in amongst he men , laugh , joke , pass out the brandy , try to recreate the camaraderie of the barrack . the women have largely go - only soberness and temperance , neither sober nor temperate , remain . the band strike up again , and troy lead the sing of allé bawdy song . exclude , bathsheba and all but a few of the women have no other choice but to turn and go . ext . rick yard , everdene farm - night 105 gabriel haul the water - proofed tarpaulin into the yard . attach a rope to one corner , he hurl the other end over the stack . int . barn , everdene farm - night 106 mad dance from the men , troy the life and soul . a drink song now - something like the barley mow - ext . rick yard , everdene farm - night 107 with great effort , gabriel haul at the rope , drag the tarpaulin over the top of the third stack . but the wind catch it , fill it like the sail of a ship . the storm be overhead now . no rain yet , just startling blue skeleton of crackle light . gabriel take a long metal rod with a chain attach - imagine a giant needle and thread - and jam it into the high point of the rick . this he hope will act as a lightning conductor . but there 's still so much to do . int . bedroom , everdene farm - night 108 from she bedroom , bathsheba look out of the window towards the rick yard . a flash of lightning . gabriel silhouett against the sky as he begin the work of roughly thatching the remain stack . she make a decision . hurriedly , excitedly , she remove she jewellery , she party shoe . the old bathsheba , back again . 109 110 111 ffmc shoot script Sept 2013 66 ext . rick yard , everdene farm - night 109 gabriel work on . bathsheba walk towards he , lamp in hand , in work clothes now . bathsheba what can I do ? gabriel it 's too dangerous . bathsheba if it 's too dangerous for I , then it 's too dangerous for you . ( gabriel hesitates ) just tell I what to do . a rumble of thunder ; not much time . int . barn , everdene farm - night 110 the men be visibly staggering now . joseph poorgrass , slight and not use to drink , be laugh hysterically . Young cainy ball , too young to drink , can barely stand . meanwhile laban tall have pick a fight with another man , and a messy brawl be start . troy , the master of revel , watch over they . ext . rick yard , everdene farm - night 111 perched on ladder on top of the rick , bathsheba and gabriel work together , hammer sheave in to place to shelter the crop . Thunder roll , lightning crackle but - bathsheba still no rain . gabriel it will come . a flash of lightning , the thunder follow immediately . gabriel ( cont 'd ) frightened ? bathsheba why , be you ? as if in rebuke there 's a terrible crack . lightn fork down from the black sky , and strike the conductor . then the terrible peal of thunder . bathsheba , startle , stumble and fall . gabriel grab she arm and hold she . a moment of relieved laughter - ffmc shoot script Sept 2013 67 and then the rain start . a extraordinary downpour . bathsheba ( cont ’d ) Gabriel , if I be to die - and I may die soon , and I have hate you to think badly of I - ( gabriel go to protest ) please , let I explain . I do not intend to marry he . I have every intention of end it , just as you have advise . but he tell I about another woman , a great beauty that he would love before and so , somewhere between jealousy and distraction .. I marry he . please understand . ( gabriel go to speak ) no opinion . I only want you to know . gabriel smile . a moment of extreme closeness between they . for a moment , they might almost kiss . but to what possible end ? gabriel go to bed , I can finish the rest without you . let I help you - he help she down the ladder . she hold he back . bathsheba Gabriel . thank you . a look of immense gratitude and affection . gabriel accept it , and understand , and return to work . 112 ext . yard , everdene farm 112 early morning . the work be complete and gabriel , exhaust , climb down from the last rick . but someone be watch . at a distance , mr boldwood . gabriel Sir ? ( boldwood turn , walk smartly away . gabriel follow ) Mr boldwood , sir - boldwood I want to ensure you mistress 's crop be safe - gabriel boldwood ( cont 'd ) wait a moment , sir - good work , Gabriel , she 's lucky to have you - he turn . haunted , strain , pale , soak to the skin . 112a 112b ffmc shoot script Sept 2013 68 gabriel you seem unwell . you should go home . boldwood yes . yes , I will . ( he hesitates ) oak , you know that thing have not go well with I lately . I be go to get a little settle in life , but it be not to be . I daresay I be something of a ... joke about the parish , but I do want to make it clear that there be no jilting on she part . we be never engage . no matter what people say , she promise I nothing . and yet , Gabriel , I feel the most terrible grief . ( he turn to gabriel . with a awful false bonhomie ) still ! no woman ever have power over I for any length of time . not a word to she . we understand each other , yes ? and poor , mad boldwood walk on . ext . yard , everdene farm - day 112a a dreary day in autumn . troy stand alone in shirtsleeve , a broom handle clutch like a sword . he carry out the sword exercise , as before , the chicken peck around he . but there 's something diminish , pathetic about the man in he civilian clothes . this private display be watch by bathsheba , with concern and sadness as he complete the exercise then , in a mad flash of rage , hurl the broom handle against the wall . ext . boxing arena , market square , casterbridge - day 112b a fist connect with a man 's head . blood and sweat . market - day at the corn Exchange have buy a boxing match to the town , and in a corner of the square a crowd have gather to watch patterson vs. sullivan . the fight have bring with it beggar , gypsies , drunk , gambler , soldier on furlough . and among they be troy , smoking a cheroot , aloof , indifferent . a blow land . sullivan crash to the ground . troy scowl and stab out he cheroot . his money be hand over to the bookies . and troy stalk off - 112c 112d 112e ffmc shoot script Sept 2013 69 ext . boxing arena , market square , casterbridge - cont . 112c - and become aware of a beggar woman follow close behind . troy no money , I be afraid . all go . he turn . and freeze . the beggar - woman , hunch , barely able to stand , clutching a familiar , batter carpet bag . she 's barely recognisable as fanny robbin . troy be stunne . troy ( cont 'd ) fanny . fanny hello , Frank . troy what be you do here ? I think you be at you mother 's , I think you be safe . ( take she hand ) you be so pale . you be shaking . fanny I walk here . I be very tired . ext . market square , casterbridge - cont . 112d bathsheba have finish she business , and want to return home . the carriage be empty . where 's troy ? impatient , she scan the street . the next boxing match have begin . ext . boxing arena , market square , casterbridge - cont . 112e troy see bathsheba search for he , get closer troy my wife must not know - and there it be ; ' wife 's . fanny you wife . ( she follow he look ) Mrs Troy be very beautiful . troy no more than you . fanny - ( search he pocket - ) six -pence . it 's all I have leave . take it - ffmc shoot script Sept 2013 70 112f ext . market square , casterbridge - cont . 112f from bathsheba 's p.o.v. , she see she husband talk to a woman , see the linger touch of hand , the exchange of money . a unmistakable intimacy , a terrible blow . she quicken she pace - 112g ext . boxing arena , market square , casterbridge - cont . 112g back to troy and fanny . bathsheba be nearly there - he speak quickly , desperately ... troy I have make a terrible mistake , fanny , but I will make amend . I swear on my life , I will find a way to be with you . fanny you have swear before , Frank . troy but this time , this time ... ( fanny smile sceptically ) go to budmouth , stay at the Union - fanny the workhouse , Frank ? — troy ( quickly ) tonight , just tonight , one night , then meet I tomorrow at ten at the bridge . I will bring you all the money I have , I 'il find a place for you . you x11 want for nothing and I promise you , I will make amend . ( - head to bathsheba -) tomorrow , fanny , at twelve . and he back away . fanny watch he go . for a moment , bathsheba and fanny 's eye meet ... but troy be approach now , eye black with rage . bathsheba do you know who that woman be ? troy get back in the carriage . bathsheba who be she ? and now he grab she wrist , pull she towards the carriage - violent , public too . 113 114 115 116 117 118 ffmc shoot script Sept 2013 71 troy how dare you spy on I . get back in the carriage - ( grab she wrist , pull she away ) back in the carriage , damn you ! ext . casterbridge road - day 113 and so , exhaust and pale , fanny begin she long journey towards budmouth . ext . casterbridge road - day 114 a autumn rain start to fall . ext . casterbridge road - dusk 115 later . fanny stir from uneasy rest . no time to rest or shelter now . she struggle to she foot , step back out into the rain and - ext . budmouth workhouse - night 116 a grim , grey building , its iron gate forbid in the gloom . fanny reach for the wall to steady herself , stumble , fall , lie there in the rain . a light appear in a window . a alarm bell be rung ... int . bedroom , everdene farm - night 117 bathsheba lie on one of the bed , troy on the other , shirtless , smoking a cheroot . she watch he back . he stub out he cheroot . unbearable tension . int . great hall , everdene farm - day 118 bathsheba eat breakfast alone . troy stride in . troy could you let I have twenty pound ? bathsheba what for ? troy I need twenty pound . 119 ffmc shoot script Sept 2013 72 bathsheba if you continue to gamble , I will lose the farm . troy it 's not for gambling . do you have the money or not ? bathsheba that money be require for farm expense . she return to she breakfast . troy look dangerous . troy you have have you fun . now do not do something you will regret . bathsheba I already have . troy what do you regret ? bathsheba that we love be at a end . troy well , all love end at marriage . bathsheba I wish you would not talk like that . troy I believe you hate I . bathsheba I hate you vice . troy then give I the twenty pound and perhaps we can be friend . stung , she hold she nerve -— bathsheba the money be require for farm expense . a direct challenge . then he stand and walk determinedly towards the study . bathsheba , enraged , follow . int . study , everdene farm - continuous 119 troy stride towards the bureau . 120 ffmc shoot script Sept 2013 73 bathsheba it 's for that woman , be not it ? tell I she name ! he begin to rifle through the drawer , a thief now . troy I will not - bathsheba be she marry ? - troy no - bathsheba be she the one you speak about , the other woman ? who be she ? troy the woman I love ! the woman I should have marry instead of you ! ( back to the drawer , scrabbling for the money ) there , you have worm it out of I , I hope it make you happy ... ( he find the money . ) and if you regret we marriage , then you can be damn sure so do I . bathsheba but I do not ! I do not regret it if you still love I ! I still love you , Frank ... ( desperate , hold he ) come to bed , let I try and please you like I use to . I still love you , Frank . say you love I too ! say it , Frank , and kiss I ! he regards she face with a look of appall scorn , then push she away from he . troy bathsheba , please . do not be so sentimental . he pocket the money and go . ext . casterbridge road - day 120 glad to be free , glad to be make amend , troy ride at speed to the rendezvous . 121 122 123 ffmc shoot script Sept 2013 74 ext . bridge , budmouth - day 121 troy wait anxiously at the appoint time for he rendezvous with fanny . a rumble . along the road come a waggon bear a coffin . New pine , a pauper 's casket , a workhouse official drive . as a matter of course , troy remove he hat out of respect ... ext . field , everdene farm - day 122 the cart continue on its way . in the distance , its destination - the everdene farm . ext . yard , everdene farm - day 123 gabriel and the workhouse official be in discussion as bathsheba approach . gabriel well there must be some mistake . workhouse official no mistake , Mr oak . this be miss robbin 's last know abode . gabriel no , you will have to take she to the church . bathsheba bring she inside . gabriel perhaps we might let she rest in the coach-house , mar ’am . bathsheba we ’1ll do no such thing . fanny be my uncle 's servant and we shall treat she with respect . bring she inside please . pale , troubled , bathsheba head into the house . gabriel climb the waggon , remove the black cloth , and start — on the lid he see word write in chalk ; ' fanny robbin and child 's he glance towards bathsheba , wait at the doorway . a moment 's think . she can not know . gabriel take he handkerchief and remove the word ' and child 's 124 124a ffmc shoot script Sept 2013 75 int . study , everdene farm - night 124 surrounded by candle , rest on two bench , the coffin sit in the solemn room . bathsheba and liddy , with some reverence , place flower and branch around the plain pauper 's coffin . liddy do you want I any longer mar ’am ? bathsheba no more tonight , liddy . liddy I ’‘1l wait up if you like . bathsheba no , you go to bed . ( liddy stand ) do you know what she die of , liddy ? liddy no , miss . there be rumour but ...no . bathsheba I see . liddy , fanny have a sweetheart . be that right ? liddy ( liddy hesitates . ) yes , miss . a soldier . a sergeant . ( a admission from liddy . and now she know ) please , come sit upstairs with I . bathsheba shake she head - she be cry quietly bathsheba I seem to cry a great deal this day . I never use to cry at all . good night liddy . and somewhat reluctantly , liddy go , leave bathsheba alone . int . study , everdene farm - night 124a Midnight . bathsheba , pace up and down . she remove the bough and flower from the coffin lid . she see fanny 's name , and the smudge chalk beneath . her worst fear ... she find the nail that hold the rough lid down . a moment ... ffmc shoot script Sept 2013 76 then she take the poker from the fireplace , place it beneath the lid , push . she stumble back . the coffin lie open in the darkness . her hand shaking , she reach for a candle and walk towards the coffin . fanny look beautiful in the candle light . in she arm , a bundle confirm bathsheba 's suspicion . she take the flower with which she be adorn the coffin , and now place they on she rival 's body ... suddenly - troy what ? bathsheba stumble backwards . bathsheba I must go . troy who be it ? bathsheba I can not stay . let I go , I want air . troy stay here ! numb , daze , troy cross and see he beloved 's face . in she arm , the bundle of white linen . he reach for the linen , reveal the face . a thunderbolt of shame and remorse . bathsheba be it she ? troy it be . a boy . I have a son . my son . troy crumple , tear form in he eye ; shock and grief and remorse . troy ( cont 'd ) forgive I ... and as bathsheba look on , he bend and kiss the lip of he dead fiancee . it 's a kiss you might give to a sleep child , one of surpass tenderness . bathsheba be heartbroken . bathsheba Frank . do not kiss they , I can not bear it . I love you more than she do ! 125 126 ffmc shoot script Sept 2013 77 troy bathsheba , this woman be more to I dead than ever be or be or can ever be . you be nothing to I now . nothing . heartbroken , bathsheba stagger out - ext . farmyard , everdene farm - dawn 125 the coffin be load onto a hearse . troy step from the house . his farmer 's clothes have be discard in favour of he old uniform ; the vivid scarlet jacket . he carry a small suitcase and the sword . he look break , haunt , a deeply change man . he take one last look at the farmhouse that have feel like a prison , then close the door . turn , gabriel be there . the man stand firm . a acknowledgement of each other . no affection , but no hostility either . if anything , there 's a sense of troy hand something back . troy Goodbye , Mr oak . a salute perhaps ? gabriel nod . ext . oak tree , everdene farm - dawn 126 early morning , a light rain fall , the end of a long , dark night of the soul . shiver , wet hair cling to she face , bathsheba sit beneath a old oak , overlook the farm that she inherite with such hope and spirit just nine month ago . now all she feel be weariness , a great melancholy . she see a figure stride up the hill towards she , hopping and slide through the mud . liddy there you be ! oh , miss , whatever be you think ? you will catch you death . bathsheba be he at home ? liddy go , miss , with fanny . the money too . ( liddy embrace bathsheba ) I have come to take you home . 127 128 129 ffmc shoot script Sept 2013 78 bathsheba liddy , will you promise I something ? liddy go on . bathsheba do not ever marry . liddy not much chance of that , between the ugly one I will not have and the handsome one who will not have I . bathsheba well if you do find someone , stand firm . when trouble come you way , and it will , do not run from it . stand you ground , even if you be cut to piece . that 's what I intend to do . and they start to walk towards the farm . ext . churchyard , weatherbury 127 a new slab of white marble . the new grave , with new headstone now in place . a simple inscription ; erected by Francis Troy . in loving memory of fanny robbin and child . troy take all the money he have and pay the stonemason . troy there you be . that 's everything . alone now , he tend to the rough grave as best he can , plant it with wild flower , a little garden for she . ext . country lane , budmouth - day 128 the road to the coast . troy walk with determination towards a new , as yet unknown life . it 's the last warm day of the year and hot and tired , he stop . in the distance , the sea shimmer invitingly . troy think for a moment , then change direction , and head towards the coast . ext . carrow cove - day 129 a desert , sandy cove , conceal from view by a semi-circle of high rock . 130 158 131 132 133 134 ffmc shoot script Sept 2013 79 troy 's possession , fold and stack with military precision , lie on the beach . the sword glint in the sun . troy sit , naked , and contemplate the sea . then he stand and run into the wave . ext . the sea - day 130 troy pound away from the shore , attempt to wash away the past in the cold sea water . breathless , he stop and turn . the beach be somehow a little further away than he think . he must have be catch by the tide . he start to pound back towards the shore . but the shore be no nearer . if anything it 's suddenly furd mér away . ext . carrow cove - day 131 two boy run on the beach . one of they come across the suitcase and uniform , the thrill sword . curious , they stoop and examine it more closely . ext . the sea — day 132 troy can see the tiny figure on the beach . tread water , he start to shout and wave ... troy hello ! over here ... ext . carrow cove - day 133 the scarlet jacket be hold aloft , the sword be pull from its scabbard . it glint in the evening sun . the sight be intoxicating for the boy . as the sun set , they play at soldier at the water 's edge , sword slice through driftwood while out to sea , troy 's figure be lose in the wave , he voice unheard ... ext . the sea — day 134 from far out to sea , troy watch the boy play at soldier . there 's a strange calm in he eye . and he start to swim again , this time away from the shore . 135 ffmc shoot script Sept 2013 80 ext . corn exchange , casterbridge - day 135 bathsheba be at work again in the hall of the corn Exchange . but the customer who once flock to she now pass she by . she note the disapprove look , the gossip . a abandon wife , she husband the father of a illegitimate child . there 's a cloud of scandal , disapproval , which she accept with as much dignity as she can . and now two men be approach she , a constable and a solicitor . all eye on she now - constable Mrs Troy ? bathsheba it 's about my husband , be not it ? tell I . solicitor I be afraid ... I be afraid you husband have drown . bathsheba stagger from the blow . bathsheba it 's not true . it can not be . and now boldwood be approach , arrive just as she collapse . boldwood what do you say to she , man ? constable her husband be dead . drown at sea . no glee from boldwood , a man of action and decision now . he scoops she up , carry she through the crowd . boldwood some air ! gentlemen , some air please . make way ! ( bathsheba , recover now , stir ) you have have the most terrible shock . my carriage be outside , I will take you home - bathsheba no , put I down please . he do so immediately . 136 137 ffmc shoot script Sept 2013 81 boldwood you be hardly in a condition to drive yourself - bathsheba please , Mr boldwood . I would like to go home alone . and she gather herself and walk , a little unsteadily , towards the exit . ext . everdene farm - day 136 a sombre mood at the farm . a pale of black water . liddy hold up bathsheba 's scarlet dress . liddy you 'il need something to wear , it 's only proper . miss ? bathsheba no . it 's not necessary . liddy why not , mar 'o be ? bathsheba because he 's still alive . liddy oh , miss ... bathsheba would not I know more , and would not they have find he , and would not death feel ... different to this ? liddy it 's only natural to hope . but still - bathsheba hesitates . bathsheba very well . the dress be immerse in the black water . and now hang up to dry , drip black dye on the ground . int . bedroom , everdene farm - day 137 Brown - paper package . ffmc shoot script Sept 2013 82 bathsheba , austerely beautiful and pale in the black of she mourn dress , open it ; he jacket , he sword - all he possession , retrieve from the beach . 138 ext . yard , everdene farm - day 138 gabriel return from a day in the field to find mr boldwood wait near the entrance . Bright , cheerful - boldwood Mr oak , I wonder if I could have a word . 139 ext . yard , everdene farm - day 139 gabriel it 's a great responsibility , sir . boldwood nonsense ! no reason why a man of you ability should not be able to superintend two farm . and why should not there be stronger link between we establishment ? think of it ; two thousand acre under you sole charge , a share of my profit ... gabriel miss everdene need I here . boldwood and she farm would have priority . he see bathsheba , hold back , watch . there 's something gleeful about boldwood here , as if hold something back . gabriel I would need miss everdene 's permission . boldwood but of course . I would not dare to do anything without she bless . ( gabriel contemplate ) if it help sway you decision , there 's a old colleague of yours here - he open a side door and out bound - old GEORGE . gabriel can not help but laugh as the dog bound into he arm . boldwood watch with pleasure . ffmc shoot script Sept 2013 83 boldwood ( cont 'd ) he take some find , Mr oak . I hope you be pleased . gabriel I be , sir . very much . boldwood and you will give I you decision soon . yes ? bathsheba watch too . 140 int . everdene farm - dusk 140 bathsheba and gabriel be shelter from the rain in the doorway . old GEORGE be there too - a memory of past time . bathsheba Farmer oak , you be get on in the world . I know you would . gabriel only with you approval . you know where my loyalty lie - bathsheba you be a man of great talent , it 's only natural that you should rise . I have no desire to hold you back . she smile sadly , and he watch she go . something have be lose ; she arrogance and vanity , but also she spirit and exuberance . 140a ext . field , everdene farm - day 140 a but the demand of farming be constant , and as late autumn pass into early winter , bathsheba work away in the field - 140b int . bedroom , everdene farm - night 140b - and fall asleep , exhaust , fully - clothed , alone in this big old house - 141 int . church , weatherbury - day 141 a hymn . in the church , much have change . gabriel have join mr boldwood in the private pews . in smart Sunday clothes , he gather many admire glance . boldwood , too , have lift he spirit , sing out loud . ffmc shoot script Sept 2013 84 bathsheba , pale in she mourn black , keep she eye forward . 142 ext . field , everdene farm - day 142 bathsheba be out hunt . pheasants move in the undergrowth , and she raise she gun to take aim ... but a noise startles they - they fly off , and she turn and see boldwood approach on horseback . a accidental encounter . bathsheba Mr boldwood . boldwood Mrs Troy . bathsheba we have not speak since - boldwood no . we have not . bathsheba I be head home , if you have like to ... but perhaps you be busy . boldwood no. I have like that . very much . 143 int . great hall , everdene farm - day 143 they sit , companionably , take tea . bathsheba you be very kind to I that day . I hope you will forgive I if I have keep a certain distance . I have be .. not my old self . boldwood no. ( a delicate matter ) forgive I , I understand there be debt . bathsheba you have hear then - boldwood you late husband - ffmc shoot script Sept 2013 85 bathsheba perhaps we should change the subject - boldwood perhaps I can help . bathsheba Mr boldwood , that 's a kind offer , but I would never dream of borrow - boldwood not money . ( he 's try to restrain himself . but no good - ) I be a middle - age man willing to protect you for the rest of you life . you may run you farm if you wish , without risk . I will pay you depart husband 's debt and guarantee its financial stability . it can be you pastime . of course , we would need to wait , for propriety 's sake . but when you be ready , I be offer you shelter , comfort . a safe harbour . as my wife . ( a beat ) you must at least admire my persistence . she smile at this . bathsheba I do - boldwood and like I ? bathsheba yes - boldwood and respect I ? bathsheba yes , of course -— boldwood which be it , like or respect ? bathsheba i..it be difficult for a woman to define she feeling in language that be make by man to express theirs . I know I do not love you . ( more ) ffmc shoot script Sept 2013 86 bathsheba ( cont 'd ) I know that I can never love you the way a woman ought to love she husband . boldwood if you worry about a lack of passion on you part , a lack of ... desire , if you worry about marrying I merely out of guilt and pity and compromise , well - I do not mind . I love you and , for my own part , I be content merely to be like . 144 int . stable , everdene farm - night 144 bathsheba and gabriel , wrap up against the chill night , stand shoulder to shoulder . gabriel when must you give you answer ? bathsheba by Christmas . it 's a terrible responsibility , to hold a man 's happiness in you hand . his sanity too , perhaps . gabriel could you ... care for he ? bathsheba you mean love he ? let 's just say ... love be want . but then love 's a wear - out , miserable thing for I now , love for he or anyone . and perhaps a marriage without love be the price I have to pay . it 's too much for gabriel . gabriel why be you ask I ? why not ask liddy or the parson -? bathsheba I need someone who 's clear-head , who 's objective , indifferent ... gabriel then I be afraid you ask the wrong man . and there it be . a admission . she do not answer immediately . 145 146 147 148 ffmc shoot script Sept 2013 87 bathsheba well ... thank you , Mr oak - she stand , smile sadly . and walk away . ext . country lane , budmouth - day 145 a traveller walk along a desert country road . the overcoat and uniform he wear - a ordinary merchant navy seaman 's - be somewhat bedraggle and muddy , and the face be unshaven , but he 's still recognisable as francis troy . a cart approach . he wait until it 's near then hail the driver . troy can you take I to weatherbury ? ( the driver ride on . troy 's most charming smile -) it be Christmas . the driver slow troy jump on the rear of the cart . ext . forest , boldwood estate - day 146 axe thud into wood . a great pine be fell by workmen as boldwood look on . ext . boldwood estate - day 147 the steam tractor drag the immense tree towards boldwood 's mansion . int . great hall , boldwood 's mansion - day 148 the great tree stand in the process of decoration . Christmas Eve preparation . a table be laid with meat , wine , bread , even fruit . in pride of place - a pineapple ! boldwood preside over it all , glow with hope and excitement , a little manic perhaps as he show gabriel around . boldwood so - what do you think ? ( the room ) I be not in the habit of organise party . perhaps we should make it a annual event , every Christmas Eve . I have invite the whole village , do you think they 's 1l come ? ( more ) ffmc shoot script Sept 2013 88 boldwood ( cont 'd ) do you think miss everdene will come ? oak I be sure she will . fuss in a mirror , he attempt adjust he tie , while gabriel look on . boldwood you 'il stay too I hope ? I know miss everdene would like you to be here . gabriel perhaps . for a hour or so . boldwood look - my hand be shaking I be so nervous . Gabriel , would you ? as well as you can , please . ( gabriel take the tie . face to face -) be there a knot that 's particularly in fashion ? gabriel you be ask the wrong man . boldwood what about woman ? do a woman keep she promise ? gabriel she have promise ? boldwood a imply promise . gabriel once again , I be not the best person to - boldwood but will she do what 's right ? gabriel if it 's not inconvenient to she . boldwood oak , you have become quite cynical lately ! she never promise I that first time , therefore she have never break she promise . gabriel she have not promise this time either . 149 150 ffmc shoot script Sept 2013 89 boldwood but she will tonight , I know she will . and when she do - he produce a small box from he pocket . a engagement ring , heavy with diamond . gabriel can not speak . boldwood ( cont ’d ) I want to tell you in advance , Gabriel , because I believe I know you secret . ( a awkward stab at intimacy ) I have see you together , the way you speak to she and watch she and look after she . and I know of she profound ... affection for you . you have behave like a man and as the successful rival - successful through you kindness - I wish you to know that I be profoundly grateful . and boldwood beam tearfully in gratitude for the final fulfilment of he dream . then - butler the musician be here , Sir . the butler depart . to gabriel ; boldwood please - stay . celebrate with we . ext . boldwood 's mansion - night 149 lit by torch , the exterior of the mansion look magnificent . music can be hear . the party have already start , and bathsheba , descend from the carriage , beautiful in a black silk dress , look up at the house with a terrible sense of forebode . at some point this may well be she new home . it 's a fine house , yet she can barely bring herself to step inside . she take liddy 's hand , squeeze it , and they head in . int . great hall , boldwood 's mansion - night 150 the Party . there be a great many guest here , largely local gentry and farmer but , in the spirit of Christmas , some of the worker too , all of whom be make the most of the food and the wine . joseph , jacob , jan and billy , all in they Sunday best , all in various stage of inebriation . 150a 151 ffmc shoot script Sept 2013 90 the band plays . the dance have just begin - rather formal and reserve at present . bathsheba 's arrival , though , be enough to draw the other guest 's attention . the beautiful widow , still a source of fascination . from he vantage point on the great stair , boldwood watch bathsheba arrive . she smile back , a little awkwardly . int . bedroom , everdene farm - day 150a a shadow in the hallway . troy , alone , in he old home . he look through cupboard and drawer . on a shelf , a glimpse of red . through tear brown paper , he cavalry jacket , he sword . all he possession , retrieve from the beach . int . great hall , boldwood 's mansion - night 151 the party continue , the wine take effect . Dancing have start , and boldwood , still keep he distance , be urging people to join in the merriment . bathsheba , sit apart , watch he . a effort of imagination ; she future husband , she future home . gabriel , in turn , be the centre of attention . two farmer 's daughter , work away at he . but he eye be on bathsheba , and she sadness . she catch he eye , smile . gabriel will you excuse I - - and he cross to she , leave he admirer sadly alone . bathsheba Mr oak , you have break they heart - ( the admirer ) go back and talk to they , poor thing - gabriel I have come to say goodnight . I do not suit this kind of affair . bathsheba no , neither do I . I wish I could leave too . gabriel stay a little longer . for he sake . both look to boldwood the buoyant host . ffmc shoot script Sept 2013 91 bathsheba I have be try to imagine myself live here . I can not seem to manage it . gabriel you have suit it very well . bathsheba would I ? a sad smile , a moment between they , interrupt by boldwood . gabriel I must go . boldwood not before you have dance , both of you . I insist . bathsheba Mr oak ? hesitation , then gabriel offer he hand . they take to the floor , and join the other dancers . the dance be by no mean intimate or improper . there 's a distance between they at all time , and liddy , boldwood , the guest watch it with pleasure . but for gabriel and bathsheba it be a kind of agony . bathsheba ( cont ’d ) Gabriel . tell I - what be I go to do ? gabriel think about this . he see boldwood watch they , the smile on he face , the ring in he pocket . he can not answer . bathsheba look to he - bathsheba ( cont ’d ) Gabriel ? gabriel do what be right . bathsheba struggle to accept the truth of this , and to hide she disappointment . bathsheba yes . yes , of course . she nod tearfully , break away and head for the door . boldwood see she and follow , gabriel watch they go . ffmc shoot script Sept 2013 92 152 int . stairway , boldwood 's mansion - night 152 boldwood Mrs Troy , surely you be not leave ? bathsheba yes , I should like to go now - boldwood but you promise ! you say by Christmas - bathsheba yes I do . boldwood my proposal , you accept it ? ( she hesitates ) a business contract , between two friend free of passion or sentiment . I deserve it . a deep breath . bathsheba I give my promise , yes . I give it as the payment of a debt . boldwood when enough time have pass , you will marry I ? yes ? ( she nod . ) say the word . bathsheba I will marry you . boldwood 's face light up . Wild -ey joy . boldwood thank you ! thank you , thank you , thank you , God bless you , bathsheba - bathsheba now I must go - boldwood one more thing - bathsheba please , Mr boldwood - boldwood ( the ring ) you 'il take this . as a token of my love - ffmc shoot script Sept 2013 93 bathsheba I can not wear a ring , it be not right , it be too soon - boldwood just for tonight . for I . bathsheba take in the man , he look of total adoration . she relent and hold out she hand . to she discomfort , boldwood slide on the ring , then kiss she hand . boldwood ( cont ’d ) finally . I be happy now . 153 ext . boldwood 's mansion - night 153 bathsheba hurry out into the night , desperate to get away . she slow , and stop . on the great lawn , light by flame torch , the strangest sight . a figure stand in the moonlight , scarlet and silver , a sword in he hand as he practice the sword drill . it might almost be a ghost . 154 int . great hall , boldwood 's mansion - night 154 gabriel be pull on he coat , leave now . liddy rush up to he , drunk , flirtatious . liddy Mr oak , no more excuse , you will dance with I now . gabriel have you see Mrs Troy ? liddy ( disappointed ) I think she may have leave . 155 ext . boldwood 's mansion - night 155 troy and bathsheba face to face , troy a little drunk now , dishevel , unshaven . bathsheba Frank . troy Black suit you . a little premature , I be afraid . ffmc shoot script Sept 2013 94 bathsheba I know it , I know you be alive , I feel it . troy and here I be . some fisherman pull I from the sea . then I discover I be dead , and find that I prefer it , for a while anyway . bathsheba so why have you come back , Frank ? troy the strangest thing . I find I miss you . what 's the matter ? you do not seem very pleased to see I . no kiss after all this time ? bathsheba you say that I be dead to you . troy do I ? well , then - honesty at all time . I find myself in need of money . I give up my profession for you , it seem harsh that you should have a house and farm while I be live hand to mouth . bathsheba there be no money - troy then we will sell the farm . bathsheba stand numb , devastate - finally defeat . near the house a few figure can be see . guest from the party , spectator , incredulous at the sight . troy ( cont 'd ) come my love , no tear . come home with I . we will talk like we use to . ( bathsheba do not move ) do you hear what I say ? come . ( no reply ) I ’m you husband and you all obey I , damnit ! furious , he reach for she hand and grab it - he see the engagement ring glitter there . a realisation , the truth dawn . troy smile , and -— 156 157 158 159 ffmc shoot script Sept 2013 95 a explosion . a gunshot . the force of the blast be immense , send troy sprawling across the lawn , the full force of a shotgun blast direct straight into he chest . boldwood stand , gun in hand . bathsheba 's face , she dress , be spray with blood . she start to shake . other guest come run - boldwood I will not be rob again . not again . he give the gun to gabriel . then , with calm simplicity , he approach bathsheba , take she hand , kiss it - then boldwood walk away . fade to black . int . great hall , boldwood 's mansion - day 156 gabriel walk through the great hall , empty now . the Christmas tree stand forlorn and wilted . int . bedroom , boldwood 's mansion - day 157 gabriel pull open the wardrobe . dress in every colour of the rainbow , silk and satin , poplin and serges , all ready for he beloved fiancee ... stitched into a pair of white calf -skin glove , a label bear the name - ' bathsheba boldwood . 's int . casterbridge gaol - day 158 perfectly calm , boldwood sit erect in he cell , hand in lap . strangely peaceful and still at last . ext . churchyard , weatherbury 159 a grey January day , and rain fall on troy 's funeral . his friend and comrade - in - arm sergeant doggett and a small scatter of military man represent he former regiment . bathsheba stand a little way off , dress in black , in mourn for the second time . the inscription on the gravestone now read - erected by Francis Troy . in loving memory of fanny robbin and child . die October 9th . 160 161 162 ffmc shoot script Sept 2013 96 in the same grave lie the aforesaid Francis Troy , who die December 24th . int . bedroom , boldwood 's mansion - day 160 gabriel open a drawer . jewellery ; diamond , pearl , ruby , heavy gold bracelet . bathsheba ( 0.s. ) let I see . reveal bathsheba , in mourn , as she step forward gingerly , and take in the jewellery . she take something from she pocket . the engagement ring that boldwood give she . gabriel if it 's any consolation , he life will be spare . a crime of passion . bathsheba because of I . gabriel you do the right thing in the end . bathsheba put the engagement ring back in amongst the other jewel . gabriel push the drawer close . ext . field , everdene farm - day 161 summer again . another harvest . the field be full of worker scything the corn - a fine harvest , a flourishing business . still in mourn black , bathsheba watch , and allow herself a smile of satisfaction . Music continue - ext . churchyard , weatherbury - day 162 the choir be practice in the church nearby as bathsheba tend she husband 's grave . she be still in mourn , but some of the colour have return to she face now ; not quite the firebrand of the last year , but not so draw and haunt . she become aware of a figure behind she ; gabriel . ffmc shoot script Sept 2013 97 gabriel I be sorry , I startle you . bathsheba I want to tend they grave . I have not be here for so long . ( the church ) be you go in ? gabriel rehearsals . I sing bass in the choir . bathsheba yes , I have hear you . gabriel then I apologise . ( she smile ) I 's would be hope for a chance to talk to you . we have not speak as much as I would have like - bathsheba no - gabriel and I want a opportunity to say ... well , the fact be I be leave England . bathsheba leave ? gabriel to go to America . I have a mind to try California , and there 's a boat leave bristol . four day 's time . i’1l be on it . ( she 's struggle to take this all in . ) I understand that I should give you notice . bathsheba no , you must go when you want . gabriel then I 'il leave first thing in the morning . no fuss . I think that 's best . and bathsheba stand , shell - shocked in the graveyard as gabriel walk away . the choir sing . she be struggle to take this all in . 163 164 165 166 166a 166b ffmc shoot script Sept 2013 98 int . bedroom , everdene farm - dawn 163 bathsheba sit on the edge of the bed . she have not sleep a wink . she stand , open the window , look out at she land . her wardrobe . her dress of mourn black . int . great hall , everdene farm - day 164 no longer dress in black , bathsheba sit at the table , attempt to sort through the account . liddy and old GEORGE be there too , liddy , tearful , consol the dog , sniff , inconsolable at the news . bathsheba liddy , that 's enough . liddy sorry , miss . bathsheba return to the papers before she . stare . unseeing . suddenly she push she chair back , walk from the room . ext . farmyard , everdene farm - day 165 bathsheba mount she horse , determine , a decision make . ext . field , everdene farm - day 166 bathsheba ride and ride , just as we first see she . cresting a hill , she search the western road ahead , search for gabriel . ext . country lane - day 166a the spot where she find he before , but no sign of he this time . be she too late ? she urge the horse on - ext . country lane - day 166b she come to a halt . lose hope now . then - a figure , far off . it can only be gabriel . she ride on - 167 ffmc shoot script Sept 2013 99 ext . country lane - day 167 gabriel walk on , he possession on he back . the sun be set now , but he do not look back , not even when he hear the sound of horse hoof behind he . bathsheba Gabriel ! Gabriel , wait ! ( she dismount , breathless ) you 'il think I be strange , but ... I think .. I want to know .. Gabriel , have I offended you ? gabriel no - bathsheba - or upset you in some way ? gabriel not at all . bathsheba be it money ? I will pay you more , Gabriel , whatever you want . gabriel I do not need money now . bathsheba a formal partnership then ? gabriel +.. nor a partnership . the farm belong to you alone . the finest farm for mile around . bathsheba then why be you go ? a moment . gabriel I say I have leave you one day . bathsheba I have hope I could change you mind . gabriel not this time . bathsheba well you must not go ! gabriel you forbid I ? ffmc shoot script Sept 2013 100 bathsheba yes , if you like ! I forbid you ! gabriel ( he smile ) it 's time for you to fight you own battle , and win they too . I believe in you entirely . I do not believe there 's anything you can not do . and that 's the end of the discussion . bathsheba so we should say goodbye then . gabriel I suppose so . bathsheba thank you , Gabriel . you have believe in I and fight for I and stand by my side when all the world be against I , and we have be through so much together - be not I you first sweetheart ? be not you mine ? - and now to have to carry on without you when I have love you for so long - ( and there it be ) I love you , Gabriel . there . a moment — gabriel if I know - bathsheba go on . gabriel if I know that you would let I love you and marry you - bathsheba - but you will never know . gabriel why not ? bathsheba because you never ask ! gabriel would you say no again ? bathsheba I do not know . probably . 167a 167b ffmc shoot script Sept 2013 101 gabriel can not help himself . he laugh , and she laugh too . bathsheba ( cont ’d ) so why do not you , Gabriel ? ask I now . ask I ! a moment and then he step towards she , take she in he arm and kiss she . and then - int . church , weatherbury - day 167a we be in the church , gabriel and bathsheba at the altar , smart but not over - dress , gabriel immensely proud . gabriel I will . the vicar turn to bathsheba - vicar wilt thou have this man to thy wedd husband ? in the small but happy congregation , liddy , the men , mrs hurst . but we attention be on bathsheba , c.u. , listen intently . vicar ( cont 'd ) wilt thou obey he , and serve he , love , honour and keep he in sickness and in health ? this be not just a conventional form of word , but a solemn vow and she weigh each part . obey , serve , love , honour ... vicar ( cont 'd ) and forsake all other , keep thee only to he , so long as you both shall live ? a suspend moment . a decision . and then , finally , with joy and conviction , a affirmation - bathsheba yes . yes , I will . ext . church , weatherbury - day 167b the door of the church - - burst open as the congregation spill out . all the worker be there - liddy laugh and cry at the same time , mrs hurst too . not a grand marriage , but a joyous celebration none the less . a ramshackle procession form , head down the country lane . ffmc shoot script Sept 2013 102 and at the rear walk the bride and groom . bathsheba take gabriel 's arm , and rest she head on she husband 's shoulder . fade out . the end