fargo a screenplay by ethan coen and Joel coen the follow text fade in over black : this be a true story . the event depict in this film take place in Minnesota in 1987 . at the request of the survivor , the name have be change . out of respect for the dead , the rest have be tell exactly as it occure . flare to white fade in from white slowly the white become a barely perceptible image : white particle wave over a white background . a snowfall . a car burst through the curtain of snow . the car be equip with a hitch and be towing another car , a brand - new light brown cutlass ciera with the pink sale sticker show in its rear window . as the car roar past , leave snow swirl in they dirft , the title of the film fade in . fargo Green highway sign point the way to moorehead , minnesota / fargo , NORTH dakota . the road for the two city diverge . a sign say welcome to NORTH dakota and another just after say now entering fargo , nd , pop . 44,412 . the car pull into a rodeway Inn . HOTEL lobby a man in he early forty , bald and start to paunch , go to the reception desk . the clerk be a older woman . clerk and how be you today , sir ? man Real good now . I be check in - Mr. Anderson . the man print " Jerry lundega " onto a registration card , then hastily cross out the last name and start to print " Anderson . " as she type into a computer : clerk okay , Mr. Anderson , and you be still plan on stay with we just the night , then ? anderson you bet . HOTEL room the man turn on the tv , which show the local evening news . news anchor - whether they will go to summer camp at all . Katie Jensen have more . katie it be suppose to be a project fund by the city council ; it be suppose to benefit that fargo-moorehead child who would otherwise not be able to afford to attend a lakeshore summer camp . but nobody consult city controller stu jacobson ... chain restaurant Anderson sit alone at a table finish dinner . muzak play . a middle - age waitress approach hold a pot of regular coffee in one hand and decaf in the other . waitress can I warm that up for ya there ? anderson you bet . the man look at he watch . through a windshield we be pull into the snowswept parking lot of a one -story brick building . Broken neon at the top of the building identify it as the jolly troll tavern . a troll , also in neon , hold a champagne glass aloft . inside the bar be downscale even for this town . country music play on the jukebox . two man be seat in a booth at the back . one be short , slight , youngish . the other man be somewhat older , and dour . the table in front of they be litter with empty long - neck beer bottle . the ashtray be full . Anderson approach . anderson I be , uh , Jerry lundegaard - younger man you be Jerry lundegaard ? jerry yah , Shep proudfoot say - younger man Shep say you would be here at 7:30 . what give , man ? jerry Shep say 8:30 . younger man we be sit here a hour . I have peed three time already . jerry I be sure sorry . I - Shep tell I 8:30 . it be a mix - up , I guess . younger man ya get the car ? jerry yah , you bet . it 's in the lot there . brand - new burnt umber ciera . younger man yeah , okay . well , siddown then . I be Carl showalter and this be my associate gaear grimsrud . jerry yah , how ya doin ' . so , uh , we all set on this thing , then ? younger man sure , Jerry , we be all set . why would not we be ? jerry yah , no , I be sure you be . Shep vouch for you and all . I get every confidence in you fella . they stare at he . a awkward beat . jerry ... so I guess that 's it , then . here 's the key - carl no , that 's not it , Jerry . jerry huh ? carl the new vehicle , plus forty thousand dollar . jerry yah , but the deal be , the car first , see , then the forty thousand , like as if it be the ransom . I think Shep tell you - carl Shep do not tell we much , Jerry . jerry well , okay , it 's - carl except that you be gonna be here at 7:30 . jerry yah , well , that be a mix - up , then . carl yeah , you already say that . jerry yah . but it 's not a whole pay - in - advance deal . I give you a brand - new vehicle in advance and - carl I be not gonna debate you , Jerry . jerry okay . carl I be not gonna sit here and debate . I will say this though : what Shep tell we do not make a whole lot of sense . jerry oh , no , it 's real sound . it 's all work out . carl you want you own wife kidnap ? jerry yah . Carl stare . Jerry look blankly back . carl ... you - my point be , you pay the ransom - what eighty thousand buck ? - I mean , you give we half the ransom , forty thousand , you keep half . it 's like robbing Peter to play Paul , it do not make any - jerry okay , it 's - see , it 's not I payin ' the ransom . the thing be , my wife , she 's wealthy - she dad , he 's real well off . now , I be in a bit of trouble - carl what kind of trouble be you in , Jerry ? jerry well , that 's , that 's , I be not go inta , inta - see , I just need money . now , she dad 's real wealthy - carl so why do not you just ask he for the money ? grimsrud , the dour man who have not yet speak , now softly put in with a swedish - accented voice : grimsrud or you fuck wife , you know . carl or you fuck wife , Jerry . jerry well , it 's all just part of this - they do not know I need it , see . okay , so there 's that . and even if they do , I would not get it . so there 's that on top , then . see , this be personal matter . carl personal matter . jerry yah . personal matter that need not , uh - carl okay , Jerry . you be tasking we to perform this mission , but you , you will not , uh , you will not - aw , fuck it , let 's take a look at that ciera . minneapolis suburban house Jerry enter through the kitchen door , in a parka and a red plaid elmer fudd hat . he stamp snow off he foot . he be carry a bag of grocery which he deposit on the kitchen counter . jerry hon ? get the growshry . voice thank you , hon . how 's fargo ? jerry yah , real good . voice dad 's here . den Jerry enter , pull off he plaid cap . jerry how ya doin ' , Wade ? Wade gustafson be mid-sixtyish , vigorous , with a full head of gray hair . his eye remain fix on the tv . WADE yah , pretty good . jerry whatcha watchin ' there ? WADE norstar . jerry ... who they playin' ? WADE ooooooh ! his reaction synchronize with a reaction from the crowd . kitchen Jerry walk back in , take off he coat . his wife be put on a apron . Jerry nod toward the live room . jerry be he stayin ' for supper , then ? wife yah , I think so ... dad , be you stayin ' for supper ? WADE ( off ) yah . dine room Jerry , he wife , Wade and scotty , twelve year old , sit eat . scotty May I be excuse ? jerry sure , ya do there ? scotty uh-huh . goin ' out . wife where be you go ? scotty just out . just McDonald 's . jerry back at 9:30 . scotty okay . WADE he just eat . and he do not finish . he 's go to McDonald 's instead of finish here ? wife he see he friend there . it 's okay . WADE it 's okay ? McDonald 's ? what do you think they do there ? they do not drink milkshake , I assure you ! wife it 's okay , dad . jerry Wade , have ya have a chance to think about , uh , that deal I be talkin ' about , that forty acre there on wayzata ? WADE you tell I about it . jerry yah , you say you would have a think about it . I understand it 's a lot of money - WADE a heck of a lot . what would you say you be gonna put there ? jerry a lot . it 's a limited - WADE I know it 's a lot . jerry I mean a parking lot . WADE yah , well , seven hundred and fifty thousand dollar be a lot - ha ha ha ! jerry yah , well , it 's a chunk , but - WADE I think you be gonna show it to Stan grossman . he pass on this stuff before it get kick up to I . jerry well , you know Stan will say no dice . that 's why you pay he . I be ask you here , Wade . this could work out real good for I and Jean and scotty - WADE Jean and scotty never have to worry . white a black like curl through the white . twist perspective show that it be a aerial shot of a two - lane highway , border by snowfield . the highway carry one move car . int . car Carl showalter be drive . gaear grimsrud stare blankly out . after a long beat : grimsrud where be pancake hause ? carl what ? grimsrud we stop at pancake hause . carl what be you , nut ? we have pancake for breakfast . I gotta go somewhere I can get a shot and a beer - and a steak maybe . not more fuckin ' pancake . come on . grimsrud give he a sour look . carl ... come on , man . okay , here 's a idea . we will stop outside of brainerd . I know a place there we can get laid . wuddya think ? grimsrud I be fuckin ' hungry now , you know . carl yeah , yeah , Jesus - I be sayin ' , we will stop for pancake , then we will get laid . wuddya think ? gustafson old garage Jerry be sit in he glass - in salesman 's cubicle just off the showroom floor . on the other side of he desk sit a irate customer and he wife . customer we sit here right in this room and go over this and over this ! jerry yah , but that trucoat - customer I sit right here and say I do not want no trucoat ! jerry yah , but I be sayin ' , that trucoat , you do not get it and you get oxidization problem . it will cost you a heck of lot more and five hunnert - customer you be sittin ' here , you be talkin ' in circle ! you be talkin ' like we do not go over this already ! jerry yah , but this trucoat - customer we have we a deal here for nine - teen - five . you sit there and darn if you do not tell I you would get this car , this option , without the sealant , for nine - teen - five ! jerry okay , I be not sayin ' I do not - customer you call I twenty minute ago and say you have it ! ready to make delivery , ya say ! come on down and get it ! and here ya be and you be wastin ' my time and you be wastin ' my wife 's time and I be payin ' nineteen - five for this vehicle here ! jerry well , okay , I will talk to my boss ... he rise , and , as he leave : jerry ... see , they install that trucoat at the factory , there 's nothin ' we can do , but I will talk to my boss . the couple watch he go to a nearby cubicle . customer this guy here - this guy ! it 's always the same ! it 's always more ! he 's a liar ! wife please , dear . customer we go over this and over this - nearby cubicle Jerry sit perch on the desk of another salesman who be eat lunch as he watch a hockey game on a small portable tv . jerry so you be goin ' to the gopher on Sunday ? salesman you bet . jerry you would not have a extra ticket there ? salesman they be playin ' the buckey ! jerry yah . salesman ya kiddin ' ! jerry's cubicle Jerry re-enter . jerry well , he never do this before , but seein ' as it 's special circumstance and all , he say I can knock one hunnert off that trucoat . customer one hundred ! you lie to I , Mr. lundegaard . you be a bald - face liar ! Jerry sit stare at he lap . customer ... a fuck liar - wife bucky , please ! Jerry mumble into he lap : jerry one hunnert 's the best we can do here . customer oh , for Christ 's sake , where 's my goddamn checkbook . let 's get this over with . wide exterior : truck stop there be a restaurant with many big rig park nearby , and a motel with a outsize Paul bunyan and Babe the Blue ox flanking its sign : blue ox motel . motel room Carl showalter and gaear grimsrud be in the twin bed have sex with two truck - stop hooker . carl oh , Jesus , yeah . he hooker there ya go , sugar . grimsrud nnph . he hooker yeah . yeah . oh , yeah . later the couple like in they respective bed , gaze at the offscreen tv . ed mcmahon - johnny 's guest tonight will be Lee major , George wendt , and Steve boutsikaros from the San Diego Zoo , so keep that dial - lundegaard kitchen we hear a morning show on television . Jean lundegaard be make coffee in the kitchen as Scott eat cereal at the table . jean I be talkin ' about you potential . scott ( absently ) uh-huh . jean you be not a C student . scott uhn. jean and yet you be gettin ' C grade . it 's this disparity there that concern you dad and I . scott uh-huh . jean you know what a disparity be ? scott ( testily ) yeah ! jean okay . well , that 's why we do not want ya goin ' out fer hockey . scott oh , man ! the phone ring . scott ... what 's the big deal ? it 's a hour - jean hold on . she pick up the phone . jean ... hello ? phone voice yah , hiya , hon . jean oh , hiya , dad . WADE Jerry around ? jean yah , he 's still here - I will catch he for ya . she hold the phone away and call : jean ... hon ? voice yah . jean it 's dad . voice yah ... Jerry enter in shirtsleeve and tie . jerry ... yah , okay ... scott look , dad , there be no fuck way - jean Scott ! jerry say , let 's watch the language - he take the phone . jerry how ya doin ' , Wade ? WADE what 's goin ' on there ? jerry oh , nothing , Wade . how ya doin ' there ? WADE Stan grossman look at you proposal . say it 's pretty sweet . jerry no kiddin' ? WADE we might be innarested . jerry no kiddin ' ! I would need the cash pretty quick there . in order to close the deal . WADE come by at 2:30 and we will talk about it . if you number be right , Stan say its pretty sweet . Stan grossman . jerry yah . WADE 2:30 . click . dial tone . jerry yah , okay . gustafson old garage Jerry wander through the service area where car be be work on . he stop by a indian in blue jeans who be look at the underside of a car that sit on a hydraulic lift with a cage light hang off its innard . jerry say , Shep , how ya doin ' there ? shep mm. jerry say , ya know that two fella ya put I in touch with , up there in fargo ? shep put you in touch with grimsrud . jerry well , yah , but he have a buddy there . he , uh - shep well , I do not vouch for he . jerry well , that 's okay , I just - shep I vouch for grimsrud . who 's he buddy ? jerry Carl somethin' ? shep never hear of he . do not vouch for he . jerry well , that 's okay , he 's a buddy of the guy ya vouch for , so I be not worryin' . I just , I be wonderin' , see , I gotta get in touch with them for , I might not need it anymore , sumpn 's happenin ' , see - shep call them up . jerry yah , well , see , I do that , and I have not be able to get them , so I think you maybe would know a alternate number or what have ya . shep nope . Jerry slap he fist into he open palm and snap he finger . jerry okay , well , real good , then . car Carl be drive . grimsrud stare out front . after a beat : carl ... look at that . twin city . ids Building , the big glass one . tallest skyscraper in the Midwest . after the sear , uh , Chicago ... you never be to minneapolis ? grimsrud no . carl ... would it kill you to say something ? grimsrud I do . carl " no . " first thing you have say in the last four hour . that 's a , that 's a fountain of conversation , man . that 's a geyser . I mean , whoa , daddy , stand back , man . shit , I be sittin ' here drive , man , doin ' all the drive , whole fuckin ' way from brainerd , drivin ' , tryin ' to , you know , tryin ' to chat , keep we spirit up , fight the boredom of the road , and you can not say one fuck thing just in the way of conversation . grimsurd smoke , gaze out the window . carl ... well , fuck it , I do not have to talk either , man . see how you like it ... he drive . carl ... total silence ... jerry's cubicle he be on the phone . jerry yah , real good . how you doin ' ? voice pretty good , Mr. lundegaard . you be damned hard to get on the phone . jerry yah , it 's pretty darn busy here , but that 's the way we like it . voice that 's for sure . now , I just need , on this last , this financing document you send we , I can not read the serial number of the vehicle on here , so I - jerry but I already get the , it 's okay , the loan be in place , I already get the , the what , the - voice yeah , the three hundred and twenty thousand dollar , you get the money last month . jerry yah , so we be all set . voice yeah , but the vehicle you be borrow on , I just can not read the serial number on you applicaton . maybe if you could just read they to I - jerry but the deal 's already do , I already get the money - voice yeah , but we have a audit here , I just have to know that this vehicle you be financing with this money , that they really exist . jerry yah , well , they exist all right . voice I be sure they do - ha ha ! but I can not read they serial number here . so if you could read I - jerry well , but see , I do not have them in front a I - why do not I just fax you over a copy - voice no , fax be no good , that 's what I have and I can not read the darn thing - jerry yah , okay , I will have my girl send you over a copy , then . voice okay , because if I can not correlate this note with the specific vehicle , then I gotta call back that money - jerry yah , how much money be that ? voice Three hundred and twenty thousand dollar . see , I gotta correlate that money with the car it 's be leat on . jerry yah , no problem , I will just fax that over to ya , then . voice no , no , fax be - jerry I mean send it over . I will shoot it right over to ya . voice okay . jerry okay , real good , then . close on television a morning - show host in a apron stand behind a counter on a kitchen set . host so I seperate the - how the heck do I get the egg out of the shell without break it ? Jean lundegaard be curl up on the couch with a cup of coffee , watch the television . hostess you just prick a little hole in the end and blow ! Jean smile as we hear laughter and applause from the studio audience . she hear something else - a faint scraping sound - and look up . host okay , here go nothing . the scraping sound persist . Jean set down she coffee cup and rise . from the studio audience : audience awoooo ! kitchen we track toward the back door . a curtain be stretch tight across its window . Jean pull the curtain back . Bright sunlight amplify by snow flood in . a man in a orange ski mask look up from the lock . Jean gasp , drop the curtain , rutn and run into - - a taller man , also in a ski mask , already in the house . we hear the crack of the back - door window be smashed . the tall man - gaear grimsrud - grab Jean 's wrist . she scream , stare at she own imprison wrist , then wrap she gape mouth around grimsrud 's glove thumb and bite down hard . he drop she wrist . as Carl enter , she race up the stair . grimsrud unguent . carl huh ? grimsurd look at he thumb . grimsrud I need ... unguent . upstair bedroom as the two man enter , a door at the far side be slamm shut . a cord snake in under the door . master bathroom Jean , sobbing , frantically push at button on the princess phone . the phone pop out of she hand , jangle across the tile floor , smashes against the door and then bounce away , its cord rip free . with a groan sound , the door shift in its frame . bedroom grimsrud have a crowbar jamme in between the bathroom door and frame , and be work it . bathroom Jean cross to a high window above the toilet and throw it open . snow that have drift against the window sift lightly in . Jean step up onto the toilet . the door creak , move as one piece in its frame . Jean glance back as she step up from the toilet seat to the tank . the groan of the door end with the wood around its knob splintering and the knob itself fall out onto the floor . the door swing open . grimsrud and Carl enter . there Pov room empty , window open . Carl stride to the window and hoist himself out . grimsrud open the medicine cabinet and delicately tap aside various bottle and tube , seek the proper unguent . he find a salve but after a moment set it down , notice something in the mirror . the shower curtain be draw around the tub . he step toward it . as he reach for the curtain , it explode outward , animated by thrashing limb . Jean , scream , tangle in the curtain , rip it off its ring and stumble out into the bedroom . grimsrud follow . bedroom Jean rush toward the door , cloak by the shower curtain but awkwardly try to push it off . upstair landing still thrashing , Jean crash against the upstairs railing , trip on the curtain and fall , thumping crazily down the stair . grimsrud trot down after she . a plaque : WADE gustafson incorportated int . wade's office Wade sit behind he desk ; another man rise as Jerry enter . jerry how ya doin ' there , Stan ? how be ya , Wade ? Stan grossman shake he hand . stan good to see ya again , Jerry . if this number be right , this look pretty sweet . jerry oh , that number be all right , bleemee . WADE this be do -able . stan congratulation , Jerry . jerry yah , thanks , Stan , it 's a pretty - WADE what kind of finder 's fee be you look for ? jerry ... huh ? stan the financial be pretty thorough , so the only thing we do not know be you fee . jerry ... my fee ? Wade , what the heck're you talkin ' about ? WADE Stan and I be okay . jerry yah . WADE we be good to loan in . jerry yah . WADE but we never talk about you fee for bringin ' it to we . jerry no , but , Wade , see , I be bringin ' you this deal for you to loan I the money to put in . it 's my deal here , see ? Wade scowl , look at Stan . stan Jerry - we think you be bringin ' we a investment . jerry yah , right - stan you be sayin ' - what be you sayin ' ? WADE you be sayin ' that we put in all the money and you collect when it pay off ? jerry no , no . I - I would , I would - pay you back the principal , and interest - heck , I would go - one over prime - stan we be not a bank , Jerry . Wade be angry . WADE what the heck , Jerry , if I want bank interest on seven hunnert and fifty thousand I would go to Midwest Federal . talk to Bill diehl . stan he 's at norstar . WADE he 's at - jerry no , see , I do not need a finder 's fee , I need - finder 's fee 's , what , ten percent , heck that 's not gonna do it for I . I need the principal . stan Jerry , we be not just go to give you seven hundred and fifty thousand dollar . WADE what the heck be you thinkin ' ? heck , if I be only gettin ' bank interest , I would look for complete security . heck , fdic . I do not see nothin ' like that here . jerry yah , but I - okay , I would , I would guarantee ya you money back . WADE I be not talkin ' about you damn word , Jerry . geez , what the heck're you ?... well , look , I do not want to cut you out of the loop , but he here 's a good deal . I assume , if you be not innarested , you will not mind if we move on it independently . parking lot we be high and wide on the office building 's parking lot . Jerry emerge wrap in a parka , he arm stick stiffly out at he side , he breath vaporize . he go to he car , open its front door , pull out a red plastic scraper and start methodically scraping off the thin crust of ice that have develop on he windshield . the scrape-scrape-scrape sound carry in the frigid air . Jerry go into a frenzy , bang the scraper against the windshield and the hood of he car . the tantrum pass . Jerry stand pantin , stare at nothing in particular . scrape-scrape-scrape - he go back to work on the windshield . front door a beat , silent but for a key scraping at the lock . the door swing open and Jerry edge in , look about , hold a sack of grocery . jerry hon ? he shut the door . jerry ... get the growshry ... he have already see the shower curtain on the floor . he frown , poke at it with he foot . jerry ... hon ? upstair bathroom Jerry walk in . he set the grocery down on the toilet tank . he look at the open window , through which snow still sift in . he shut it . he pick up the small tube of uguent that sit on the sink , frown at it , put it back in the medicine chest . he look at the shower curtain rod hold empty ring . foyer once again we be look at the rumple shower curtain . from another room : jerry yah , Wade , I - it 's Jerry , I . then , slightly more agitate . jerry ... yah , Wade , it 's , I , it 's Jerry ... beat . jerry ... Wade , it 's Jerry , I - we gotta talk , Wade , it 's terrible ... beat . live room Jerry stand in wide shot , hand on hip , look down at a telephone . after a motionless beat he pick up the phone and punch in a number . jerry ... yah , Wade gustafson , please . black hold in black . a slow tilt down from night sky bring the head of a large paper - mache figure into frame . it be a flannel - shirt woodsman carry a double - edge ax over one shoulder . as we hear the rumble of a approach car , the continue tilt and boom down bring we down the woodsman 's body to a pedestal . a sweep of headlight illuminate a sign on the pedestal : welcome to brainderd - home of paul bunyan . the headlight sweep off and a car hum past and on into the background . the two - lane highway be otherwise empty . int . car Carl drive . grimsrud smoke and gaze out the window . from the back seat we hear whimper . grimsrud turn to look . Jean lie bound and curl on the back seat underneath a tarpaulin . grimsrud shut the fuck up or I will throw you back in the trunk , you know . carl geez . that 's more and I have hear you say all week . grimsrud stare at he , then turn back to the window . at a loud whoop Carl start and look back out the rear window . fifty yard behind a state trooper have turn on he gumball . Carl ease the car onto the shoulder . carl ah , shit , the tag ... grimsrud look at he . carl ... it 's just the tag . I never put my tag on the car . do not worry , I will take care of this . he look into the back seat as the car bounce and slow on the gravel shoulder . carl ... let 's keep still back there , lady , or we be gonna have to , ya know , to shoot ya . grimsrud stare at Carl . carl ... hey ! I will take care of this ! both car have stop . Carl look up at the rear-view mirror . the trooper be stop on the shoulder just behind they , write in he citation book . Carl watch . we hear the trooper 's door open . the trooper walk up the shoulder , one hand rest lightly on top of he holster , he breath steaming in the cold night air . Carl open he window as the trooper draw up . carl how can I help you , officer ? the trooper scan the inside of the car , take he time . grimsrud smoke and gaze calmly out he window . finally : trooper this be a new car , then , sir ? carl it certainly be , officer . still get that smell ! trooper you be require to display temporary tag , either in the plate area or tape inside the back window . carl certainly - trooper can I see you license and registration please ? carl certainly . he reach for he wallet . carl ... I be gonna tape up the temporary tag , ya know , to be in full compliance , but it , uh , it , uh ... must a slip my mind ... he extend he wallet toward the trooper , a fold fifty - dollar bill protrude from it . carl ... so maybe the best thing would be to take care of that , right here in brainerd . trooper what 's this , sir ? carl that 's my license and regis - tration . I wanna be in compliance . he force a laugh . carl ... I be just think I could take care of it right here . in brainerd . the policeman thoughtfully pat the fifty into the billfold and hand the billfold back into the car . trooper put that back in you pocket , please . Carl 's nervous smile fade . trooper ... and step out of the car , please , sir . grimsrud , smile thinly , shake he head . there be a whimper sound . the policeman hesitates . another sound . the policeman lean forward into the car , listen . grimsrud reach across Carl , grab the trooper by the hair and slam he head down onto the car door . the policeman grunt , dig awkwardly for foot outside and throw a arm for balance against the outside of the car . with he free hand , grimsrud pop the glove compartment . he bring a gun out and reach across Carl and shoot - bang - into the back of the trooper 's head . Jean scream . grimsrud shut up . he release the policeman . the policeman 's head slide out the window and he body flop back onto the street . Carl look out at the cop in the road . carl ( softly ) whoa ... whoa , daddy . grimsrud take the trooper 's hat off of Carl 's lap and sail it out the open window . grimsrud you will take care of it . Boy , you be smooth smooth , you know . carl whoa , daddy . Jean , for some reason , scream again . then stop . grimsrud clear he off the road . carl yeah . he get out . ext . road Carl lean down to hoist up the body . headlights appear : a oncoming car . int . ciera grimsrud notice . ext . road the car approach , slow . Carl , with the trooper 's body hoist halfway up , be freeze in the headlight . the car accelerate and roar past and away . we just make out the silhouettes of two occupant in front . int . ciera grimsrud slide into the driver 's seat . he squeal into a U - turn , the driver 's door slamm shut with he spin . small red tail light fishtail up ahead . the pursue car churn up fine snow . grimsrud take the cigarette from he mouth and stub it in he ashtray . we hear the churn of the car wheel and the pinging of snow clod and salt on the car 's underside . in the back seat , Jean start scream . grimsrud be not gain on the tail light . he fight with the wheel as he car swim on the road face . the red tail light ahead start to turn . with a distant crunching sound , they disappear . the headlight now show only empty road , start to turn . grimsrud frown and slow . his headlight show the car up ahead off the road , crumpled around a telephone pole , have fail to hold a turn . grimsrud brake . Jean slide off the back seat and thump into the legwell . grimsrud sweep he gun off the front seat , throw open he door and get out . ext . road the wreck car 's headlight shine off into a snowfield abutte the highway . a young man in a down parka be limping across the snowfield , away from the wreck car . grimsrud stride calmly out after the injure boy . he raise he gun and fire . with a poof of feather , a hole open up in the boy 's back and he pitch into the snow . grimsrud walk up to the wreck and peer in its half - open door . a young woman be trap inside the twisted wreckage , injure . snow swirl in the headlight of the wreck . grimsrud raise he gun and fire . a oil painting a blue-winged teal in flight over a swampy marshland . the room in which it hang be dark . we hear off -screen snore . we track off to reveal a easel upon which we see a half - complete oil of a grey mallard . the continue track reveal a couple in bed , sleep . the man , fortyish , pajama-clad , be big , and big-belly . his mouth be agape . he snore . his arm be flung over a woman in she thirty , wear a nightie , mouth also open , not snore . we hold for a long beat on they regular breathe and snore . the phone ring . the woman stir . woman oh , geez ... she reach for the phone . woman ... hi , it 's marge ... the man stir and clear he throat with a long deep rumble . marge ... oh , my . where ?... yah ... oh , geez ... the man sit up , gaze stupidly about . marge ... okay . there in a jif ... Real good , then . she hang up . marge ... you can sleep , hon . it 's early yet . man gotta go ? marge yah . the man swing he leg out . man I will fix ya some egg . marge that 's okay , hon . I gotta run . man gotta eat a breakfast , marge . I will fix ya some egg . marge aw , you can sleep , hon . man ya gotta eat a breakfast ... he clear he throat with another deep rumble . man ... I will fix ya some egg . marge aw , norm . plate leaving of a huge plate of egg , ham , toast . wider , we see marge now wear a beige police uniform . a patch on one arm say brainerd police department . she wear a heavy belt hold a revolver , walkie-talkie and various other jangling police impedimenta . norm be in a dress gown . marge thanks , hon . time to shove off . norm Love ya , margie . as she struggle into a parka : marge Love ya , hon . he be exite back to the bedroom ; she exit out the front door . ext . gunderson house Dawn . marge be make she way down the icy front stoop to she prowler . int . gunderson house norm sit back onto the bed , shrugging off he robe . off - screen we hear the front door open . front door marge stamp the snow off she shoe . marge hon ? norm ( off ) yah ? marge prowler need a jump . highway two police car and a ambulance sit idling at the side of the road , a pair of man inside each car . the first car 's driver door open and a figure in a parka emerge , hold two styrofoam cup . his partner lean across the seat to close the door after he . the reverse show marge approach from she own squad car . marge hiya , Lou . lou margie . think you might need a little warm - up . he hand she one of the cup of coffee . marge yah , thanks a bunch . so what 's the deal , now ? Gary say triple homicide ? lou yah , look pretty bad . two of 'm're over here . marge look around as they start walk . marge where be everybody ? lou well - it 's cold , margie . by the wreck laid out in the early morning light be the wreck car , a pair of footprint lead out to a man in a bright orange parka face down in the bloodstain snow , and one pair of footstep lead back to the road . marge be peer into the car . marge ah , geez . so ... aw , geez . here 's the second one ... it 's in the head and the ... hand there , I guess that 's a defensive wound . okay . marge look up from the car . marge ... where 's the state trooper ? Lou , up on the shoulder , jerk he thumb . lou back there a good piece . in the ditch next to he prowler . marge look around at the road . marge okay , so we get a state trooper pull someone over , we get a shoot , and this folk drive by , and we get a high -speed pursuit , end here , and this execution - type deal . lou yah . marge I would be very surprised if we suspect be from brainerd . lou yah . marge be study the ground . marge yah . and I will tell you what , from he footprint he look like a big fella - marge suddenly double over , put she head between she knee down near the snow . lou ya see something down there , Chief ? marge uh - I just , I think I be gonna barf . lou geez , you okay , margie ? marge I be fine - it 's just morning sickness . she get up , sweeping snow from she knee . marge ... well , that pass . lou yah ? marge yah . now I be hungry again . lou you have breakfast yet , margie ? marge oh , yah . norm make some egg . lou yah ? well , what now , d'ya think ? marge let 's go take a look at that trooper . by the state trooper' car marge 's prowler be park nearby . marge be on she hand and knee by a body down in the ditch , again look at footprint in the snow . she call up to the road : marge there 's two of them , Lou ! lou yah ? marge yah , this guy 's smaller than he buddy . lou oh , yah ? down in the ditch in the foreground be the head of the state trooper , face we . peer at it from behind , still on she hand and knee , be marge . marge for Pete 's sake . she get up , clap the snow off she hand , and climb out of the ditch . lou how 's it look , marge ? marge well , he 's get he gun on he hip there , and he look like a nice enough guy . it 's a real shame . lou yah . marge you have not monkey with he car there , have ya ? lou no way . she be look at the prowler , which still idle on the shoulder . marge somebody shut he light . I guess the little guy sit in there , waitin ' for he buddy t'come back . lou yah , woulda be cold out here . marge heck , yah . ya think , be Dave open yet ? lou you do not think he 's mix up in - marge no , no , I just wanna get norm some night crawler . int . prowler marge be drive ; Lou sit next to she . marge you look in he citation book ? lou yah ... he look at he notebook . lou ... last vehicle he write in be a tan ciera at 2:18 a.m . under the plate number he put dlr - I figure they stop he or shot he before he could finish fillin ' out the tag number . marge uh-huh . lou so I get the state lookin ' for a ciera with a tag startin' dlr . they do not get no match yet . marge I be not sure I agree with you a hunnert percent on you policework , there , Lou . lou yah ? marge yah , I think that vehicle there probly have dealer plate . dlr ? lou oh ... Lou gaze out the window , think . lou ... geez . marge yah . say , Lou , ya hear the one about the guy who could not afford personalize plate , so he go and change he name to j2l 4685 ? lou yah , that 's a good one . marge yah . the road the police car enter with a whoosh and hum down a straight - rule empty highway , cut a landscape of flat and perfect white . ember family restaurant Jerry , Wade , and Stan grossman sit in a booth , sip coffee . outside the window , snow fall from a gunmetal sky . WADE - all 's I know be , ya get a problem , ya call a professional ! jerry no ! they say no cop ! they be darn clear on that , Wade ! they say you call the cop and we - WADE well , a course they be gonna say that ! but where 's my protection ? they get Jean here ! I give this son a bitch a million dollar , where 's my guarantee they be gonna let she go . jerry well , they - WADE a million dollar be a lot a damn money ! and there they be , they get my daughter ! jerry yah , but think this thing through here , Wade . ya give them what they want , why wont ' they let she go ? you gotta listen to I on this one , Wade . WADE heck , you do not know ! you be just whistlin ' Dixie here ! I be sayin ' , the cop , they can advise we on this ! I be sayin ' call a professional ! jerry no ! no cop ! that 's final ! this be my deal here , Wade ! Jean be my wife here ! stan I gotta tell ya , Wade , I be leanin ' to Jerry 's viewpoint here . WADE well - stan we gotta protect Jean . this - we be not holdin ' any card here , Wade , they get all of them . so they call the shot . jerry you be darn tootin' ! WADE ah , dammit ! stan I be tellin ' ya . WADE well ... why do not we ... he saw a finger under he nose . WADE ... Stan , I be thinkin ' we should offer them half a million . jerry now come on here , no way , Wade ! no way ! stan we be not horse - trading here , Wade , we just gotta bite the bullet on this thing . jerry yah ! stan what 's the next step here , Jerry ? jerry they be gonna call , give I instruction for a drop . I be suppose to have the money ready tomorrow . WADE dammit ! the cashier she ring up two dollar forty . cashier how be everything today ? jerry yah , real good now . parking lot snow continue to fall . Jerry and Stan stand bundle in they parkas and galoshes near a row of beach vehicle . Wade sit behind the wheel of a idling lincoln , wait for Stan . stan okay . we will get the money together . do not worry about it , Jerry . now , d' you want anyone at home , with you , until they call ? jerry no , I - they do not want - they be just s'pose to be dealin ' with I , they be real clear . stan yah . Jerry pound he mitten hand together against the cold . jerry ya know , they say no one listenin ' in , they will be watchin ' , ya know . maybe it 's all bull , but like you say , Stan , they be callin ' the shot . stan okay . and scotty , be he gonna be all right ? jerry yah , geez , scotty . I will go talk to he . there be a tap at the horn from Wade , and Stan get into the lincoln . stan we will call . the lincoln spit snow as it grind out of the lot and fishtail out onto the boulevard . scotty' bedroom scotty lie on the bed , weep . Jerry enter and perches uncomfortably on the edge of he bed . jerry ... how ya doin ' there , scotty ? scott dad ! what be they do ? wuddya think they be doin ' with Mom ? jerry it 's okay , scotty . they be not gonna want to hurt she any . this man , they just want money , see . scott what if - what if sumpn go wrong ? jerry no , no , nothin 's goin ' wrong here . grandad and I , we be - we be makin ' sure this get handle right . Scott snorfles and sit up . scott dad , I really think we should call the cop . jerry no ! we can not let anyone know about this thing ! we gotta play ball with this guy - you ask Stan grossman , he will tell ya the same thing ! scott yeah , but - jerry we be gonna get Mom back for ya , but we gotta play ball . ya know , that 's the deal . now if lorraine call , or sylvia , you just say that Mom be in Florida with Pearl and marty ... scotty start to weep again . Jerry stare down at he lap . jerry ... that 's the best we can do here . ext . cabin it be a lakeside cabin surround by white . a brown ciera with dealer plate be pull into the drive . grimsrud climb out of the passenger seat as Carl climb out of the driver 's . grimsrud open the back door and , with a arm on she elbow , help Jean out . she have she hand tie behind she and a black hood over she head . with a cry , she swing she elbow out of grimsrud 's grasp and lurch away across the front lawn . grimsrud move to retrieve she but Carl , grin , lay a hand on he shoulder . carl hold it . they both look out at the front lawn , grimsrud expressionless , Carl smile . with muffle cry , the hood woman lurch across the unbroken snow , staggering this way and that , stumbling on the uneven terrain . she stop , stand still , she hood head sway . she lurch out in a arbitrary direction . go downhill , she reel , stagger , and fall face - first into the snow , weep . carl ha ha ha ha ha ha ! Jesus ! grimsrud , still expressionless , break away from Carl 's restrain hand to retrieve she . brainerd police headquarters we track behind marge as she make she way across the floor , greeting various officer . she hold a small half - full paper sack . Beyond she we see a small glass - in cublcle . norm sit at the desk inside with a box lunch spread out in front of he . there be lettering on the cubicle 's glass door : brainerd PD . chief gunderson . marge enter and sit behind the desk , detach she walkie- talkie from she utility belt to accomodate the seat . marge hiya , hon . she slide the paper sack toward he . norm bring ya some lunch , margie . what be that , night crawler ? he look inside . the bottom of the sack be full of fat , crawl earthworm . marge yah . norm thanks , hon . marge you bet . thanks for lunch . what do we get here , arbie 's ? norm uh-huh . she start eat . marge ... how 's the paintin ' goin ' ? norm pretty good . found out the hautman be enter a painting this year . marge aw , hon , you be better and they . norm they be real good . marge they be good , norm , but you be better and they . norm yah , ya think ? he lean over and kiss she . marge ah , ya get arbie 's all o'er I . Lou enter . lou hiya , norm , how 's the paintin ' goin ' ? norm not too bad . you know . marge how we doin ' on that vehicle ? lou no motel register any tan ciera last night . but the night before , two man check into the Blue ox register a ciera and leavin ' the tag space blank . marge geez , that 's a good lead . the Blue ox , that 's that trucker 's joint out there on I - 35 ? lou yah . owner be on the desk then , say this two guy have company . marge oh , yah ? ext . stripper club marge 's prowler be park in a otherwise empty lot . snow drift down . int . stripper club marge sit talk with two young woman at one end of a elevate dance platform . the club , not yet open for business , be desert . marge where you girl from ? hooker one chaska . hooker two leseure . but I go to high school in White bear Lake . marge okay , I want you to tell I what this fella look like . hooker one well , the little guy , he be kinda funny - look . marge in what way ? hooker one I dunno . just funny -look . marge can you be any more specific ? hooker one I could not really say . he be not circumcise . marge be he funny - look apart from that ? hooker one yah . marge so you be have sex with the little fella , then ? hooker one uh-huh . marge be there anything else you can tell I about he ? hooker one no . like I say , he be funny - look . more and most people even . marge and what about the other fella ? hooker two he be a little older . look like the marlboro man . marge yah ? hooker two yah . maybe I be sayin ' that cause he smoke marlboros . marge uh-huh . hooker two a subconscious - type thing . marge yah , that can happen . hooker two yah . hooker one they say they be goin ' to the twin city ? marge oh , yah ? hooker two yah . hooker one yah . be that useful to ya ? marge oh , you bet , yah . ext . lakeside cabin it be now dusk . the brown ciera with dealer plate still sit in the drive . int . cabin we track in on Jean lundegaard , who sit tie in a chair with the black hood still over she head . as we track in , we hear inarticulate cursing , intermittent bang and loud static . we track in on gaear grimsrud , who sit smoking a cigarette and expressionlessly gaze offscreen . we track in on Carl showalter , who stand over a old black - and - white television . it play nothing but snow . Carl be bang on it as he mutter : carl ... day ... be here for day with a - dammit ! - a goddamn mute ... nothin ' to do ... and the fuck - dammit !... each " dammit " bring a pound of he fist on the tv . carl ... tv do not even ... plug I in , man ... gimmee a - dammit ! - signal ... plug I into the ozone , baby ... plug I into the ozone - fuck !... with one last bang we cut : back to the television set in extreme close - up a insect be lug a worm . tv voice -over the bark beetle carry the worm to the nest ... where it will feed its young for up to six week ... a pull back from the screen reveal that we be in marge 's house . marge and norm be watch television in bed . from the tv we hear insect chir . after a long beat , silence except for the tv , marge murmur , still look at the set : marge ... well , I be turnin ' in , norm . also look at the tv : norm ... oh , yah ? marge roll over and norm continue to watch . we hold . black hold . a snowflake drop through the black . another flake . it start snow . brainerd MAIN STREET the lone traffic light blink slowly , steadily , red . snow sift down . there be no other movement . paul bunyan we be look up at the bottom - light statue . snow fall . high shot of marge' house snow drop away . high shot in marge' bedroom the bedroom be dark . norm be snore . the phone ring . marge grope in the dark . marge hello ? voice yah , be this marge ? marge yah ? voice margie olmstead ? marge ... well , yah . who 's this ? voice this be Mike yanagita . ya know - Mike yanagita . remember I ? marge ... Mike yanagita ! mike yah ! marge prop herself up next to the still - sleep norm . marge yah , yah , course I remember . how be ya ? what time be it ? mike oh , geez . it 's quarter to eleven . I hope I dint wake you . marge no , that 's okay . mike yah , I be down in the twin city and I be just watch on tv about this shooting up in brainderd , and I see you on the news there . marge yah . mike I think , geez , be that margie olmstead ? I can not believe it ! marge yah , that 's I . mike well , how the heck be ya ? marge okay , ya know . okay . mike yah ? marge yah - how be you doon ? mike oh , pretty good . marge heck , it 's be such a long time , Mike . it 's great to hear from ya . mike yah ... yah , yah . geeze , margie ! gustafson old garage Jerry be on the sale floor , show a customer a vehicle . jerry yah , ya get yer , this load here , this have yer independent , uh , yer slip differential , uh , yer rack - and - pinion steering , yer alarm and radar , and I can give it to ya with a heck of a sealant , this trucoat stuff , it will keep the salt off - customer yah , I do not need no sealant though . jerry yah , you do not need that . now be you think of financing here ? you oughta be aware a this gmac plan they have now , it 's really super - another salesman Jerry , ya get a call here . jerry yah , okay . jerry's cubicle he sit in and pick up he phone . jerry Jerry lundegaard . voice all right , Jerry , you get this phone to yourself ? jerry well ... yah . voice know who this be ? jerry well , yah , I get a idea . how 's that ciera workin ' out for ya ? voice circumstance have change , Jerry . jerry well , what do ya mean ? voice thing have change . circumstance , Jerry . Beyond the , uh ... act of God , force majeure ... jerry what the - how 's Jean ? a beat . carl ... who 's Jean ? jerry my wife ! what the - how 's - carl oh , Jean 's okay . but there 's three people up in brainerd who be not so okay , I will tell ya that . jerry what the heck're you talkin ' about ? let 's just finish up this deal here - carl blood have be shed , Jerry . Jerry sit dumbly . the voice solemnly repeat : carl ... blood have be shed . jerry what the heck d'ya mean ? carl Three people . in brainerd . jerry oh , geez . carl that 's right . and we need more money . jerry the heck d'ya mean ? what a you guy get yourself mix up in ? carl we need more - jerry this be s'pose to be a no-rough - stuff - type deal - carl don't ever interrupt I , jerry ! just shut the fuck up ! jerry well , I be sorry , but I just - I - carl look . I be not gonna debate you , Jerry . the price be now the whole amount . we want the entire eighty thousand . jerry oh , for chrissake here - carl blood have be shed . we have incur risk , Jerry . I be come into town tomorrow . have the money ready . jerry now we have a deal here ! a deal 's a deal ! carl be it , jerry ? you ask that three pour soul up in brainerd if a deal 's a deal ! go ahead , ask them ! jerry ... the heck d'ya mean ? carl I will see you tomorrow . click . Jerry slam down the phone , which immediately ring . he angrily snatch it up . jerry yah ! voice Jerome lundegaard ? jerry yah ! voice this be Reilly deifenbach at gmac . Sir , I have not yet recieve that vehicle id you promise I . jerry yah ! I ... that be in the mail . voice Mr. lundegaard , that very well may be . I must inform you , however , that absent the reciept of that number by tomorrow afternoon , I will have to refer this matter to we legal department . jerry yah . voice my patience be at a end . jerry yah . voice good day , sir . jerry ... yah . wide on the cubicle we be look at Jerry 's cubicle from across the showroom . noise mute by distance , we watch Jerry slam down the reciever , rise to he foot , fling the phone to the floor , raise he desk blotter high over he head with pen and pencil roll off it and slam it onto he desktop . he stand for a moment , hand on hip , glaring . he stoops and pick up the phone , place it back on the desktop , start pick up the pen and pencil . track on steam - table bin of food , each identify by a plaque : beef stroganoff , swedish meatball , broil torsk , chicken florentine . a complementary track show two ray be push along a buffet line , pile high with many food . marge and norm at a table they sit next to each other at a long cafateria-style Formica table , silently eat . a hip with a hiss walkie-talkie enter frame . gary hiya , norm . how ya doin ' , margie ? how 's the fricasse ? marge pretty darn good , ya want some ? gary no , I gotta - hey , norm , I think you be goin ' fishin ' up at mile lac ? norm yah , after lunch . he go back to he food . marge whatcha get there ? Gary hand she a flimsy . marge take it with one hand and look , she other hand freeze with a forkful of food . gary the number y'ask for , call make from the lobby pay phone at the Blue ox . two to minneapolis that night . marge mm. gary first one 's a truck company , second one 's a private residence . a Shep proudfoot . marge uh-huh ... a what ? gary Shep proudfoot . that 's a name . marge uh-huh . gary yah . marge ... yah , okay , I think I will drive down there , then . gary oh , yah ? twin city ? norm , who have be eat steadily throughout , look over at marge with mild interest . he stare for a beat as he finish chew , and they swallow and say : norm ... oh , yah ? kitchen of lundegaard house Jerry , Wade , and Stan grossman sit around the kitchen table . it be night . the scene be harshly toplit by a hang fixture . on the table be the remain of coffee and a cinammon filbert ring . WADE dammit ! I wanna be a part a this thing ! jerry no , Wade ! they be real clear ! they say they would call tomorrow , with instruction , and it 's gonna be deliver by I alone ! WADE it 's my money , I will deliver it - what do they care ? stan Wade 's get a point there . I will handle the call if you want , Jerry . jerry no , no . see - they , no , see , they only deal with I . ya feel this , this nervousness on the phone there , they be very - this guy be dangerous - WADE all the more reason ! I do not want you - with all due respect , Jerry - I do not want you muck this up . jerry the heck d'ya mean ? WADE they want my money , they can deal with I . otherwise I be goin ' to a professional . he point at a briefcase . WADE ... there 's a million dollar here ! jerry no , see - WADE look , Jerry , you be not sellin ' I a damn car . it 's my show here . that 's that . stan it 's the way we prefer to handle it , Jerry . the downtown radisson HOTEL marge be at the reception desk . marge how ya doin ' ? clerk Real good . how're you today , mar 'am ? marge Real good . I be Mrs. gunderson , I have a reservation . the clerk type into a computer console . clerk you sure do , Mrs. gunderson . marge be there a phone down here , ya think ? lobby corner marge be on a public phone . marge ... detective sibert ? yah , this be marge gunderson from up brainerd , we speak - yah . well , actually I be in town here . I have to do a few thing in the twin city , so I think I would check in with ya about that usif search on Shep proudfoot ... oh , yah ?... well , maybe I will go visit with he if I have the ... no , I can find that ... well , thanks a bunch . say , d'ya happen to know a good place for lunch in the downtown area ?... yah , the radisson ... oh , yah ? be it reasonable ? a GREEN freeway sign through a windshield we see a sign for the minneapolis INTERNATIONAL airport . rooftop parking lot the brown ciera enter and drive lazy s-curves around the few snow - cover car park on the roof of the lot . it stop by one car and Carl emerge . he quickly scan the lot , then kneel in the snow at the back of the park car and start unscrew its license plate . exit booth Carl pull up and hand the attendant he ticket . carl yeah , I decide not to park here . the attendant frown uncomprehendingly at the ticket . attendant ... what do you mean , you decide not to park here ? carl yeah , I just come in . I decide not to park here . the attendant be still puzzle . attendant you , uh ... I be sorry , sir , but - carl I decide not to - I be , uh , not take the trip as it turn out . attendant I be sorry , sir , we do have to charge you the four dollar . carl I just pull in here . I just fuck pull in here ! attendant well , see , there 's a minimum charge of four dollar . long-term parking charge by the day . a car behind beep . Carl glance back , start digging for money . carl I guess you think , ya know , you be a authority figure . with that stupid fuck uniform . huh , buddy ? the attendant do not say anything . carl ... King clip -on tie here . Big fuck man . he be peel off one dollar bill . carl ... you know , this be the limit of you life , man . ruler of you little fuck gate here . there 's you four dollar . you pathetic piece of shit . gustafson old garage Jerry be stare up , mouth agape , at the underside of a car on a hydraulic lift . bewildere , he look about , then ask a mechanic pass by , he voice raise over the din of the shop . jerry where 's Shep ? the mechanic point . mechanic talkin ' to a cop . Jerry look . jerry ... cop ? marge and Shep face each other at the other end of the floor in a grimy and cluttere glass - in cubicle . mechanic Said she be a policewoman . marge and Shep silently talk . Jerry stare , swallow . inside the cubicle marge - Wednesday night ? Shep be shaking he head . shep nope . marge well , you do reside they at 1425 fremont Terrace ? shep yep . marge anyone else reside there ? shep nope . marge well , Mr. proudfoot , this call come in past three in the morning . it 's just hard for I to believe you can not remember anyone call . Shep say nothing . marge ... now , I know you have have some problem , struggle with the narcotic , some other entanglement , currently on parole - shep so ? marge well , associate with criminal , if you be the one they talk to , that right there would be a violation of you parole and would end with you back in stillwater . shep uh-huh . marge now , I see some rough stuff on you prior , but nothing in the nature of a homicide ... Shep stare at she . marge ... I know you do not want to be a accessory to something like that . shep nope . marge so you think you might remember who that folk be who call ya ? jerry's office Jerry be worriedly pace behind he desk . at a noise he look up . marge have stick she head in the door . marge Mr. lundegaard ? jerry huh ? yah ? marge I wonder if I could take just a minute of you time here - jerry what ... what be it all about ? marge huh ? do you mind if I sit down - I be carry quite a load here . marge plop into the chair opposite he . marge ... you be the owner here , Mr. lundegaard ? jerry naw , I ... executive sale manager . marge well , you can help I . my name 's marge gunderson - jerry my father - in-law , he 's the owner . marge uh-huh . well , I be a police officer from up brainerd investigate some malfeasance and I be just wonder if you have have any new vehicle steal off the lot in the past couple of week - specifically a tan cutlass ciera ? Jerry stare at she , he mouth open . marge ... Mr. lundegaard ? jerry ... brainerd ? marge yah . yah . Home a Paul bunyan and Babe the Blue ox . jerry ... Babe the Blue ox ? marge yah , ya know we have get the big statue there . so you have not have any vehicle go miss , then ? jerry no . no , mar 'am . marge okey -dokey , thanks a bunch . I will let you get back to you paperwork , then . as marge rise , Jerry look blankly down at the papers on the desk in front of he . jerry ... yah , okay . he look up at marge 's retreate back . he look back down at the papers . he look over at the phone . he pick up the phone and dial four digit . jerry ... yah , gimmee Shep ... the heck d'ya mean ?... well , where would he go ? it 's only ... no , I do not need a mechanic - oh , geez - I gotta talk to a friend of he , so , uh ... have he , uh ... oh , geez ... HOTEL bar marge enter . she look around the bar , a rather characterless , lowlit meeting place for business people . voice marge ? it be a bald , paunch man of about marge 's age , rise from a booth halfway back . his feature be broad , friendly , asian - american . marge Mike ! he approach somewhat carefully , as if on he second drink . they hug and head back toward the booth . mike geez ! you look great ! marge yah - easy there - you do too ! I be expect , ya know . mike I see that ! that 's great ! a waitress meet they at the table . mike ... what can I get ya ? marge just a diet Coke . again she glance about . marge ... this be a nice place . mike yah , ya know it 's the radisson , so it 's pretty good . marge you be livin ' in edina , then ? mike oh , yah , couple year now . it 's actually eden prarie - that school district . so Chief gunderson , then ! so ya go and marry norm son-of - a-gunderson ! marge oh , yah , a long time ago . mike great . what bring ya down - be ya down here on that homicide - if you be allow , ya know , to discuss that ? marge oh , yah , but there 's not a heckuva lot to discuss . what about you , Mike ? be you marry - you have kid ? mike well , yah , I be marry . I be marry to - you mind if I sit over here ? he be slide out of he side of the booth and ease in next to marge . mike ... I be marry to Linda cooksey - marge no , I - Mike - wyncha sit over there , I would prefer that . mike huh ? oh , okay , I be sorry . marge no , just so I can see ya , ya know . do not have to turn my neck . mike oh , sure , I unnerstand , I do not mean to - marge no , no , that 's fine . mike yah , sorry , so I be marry to Linda cooksey - ya remember Linda ? she be a year behind we . marge I think I remember Linda , yah . she be - yah . so thing do not work out , huh ? mike and then I , and then I be workin ' for honeywell for a few year now . marge well , they be a good outfit . mike yah , if you be a engineer , yah , you could do a lot worse . of course , it 's not , uh , it 's nothin ' like you achievement . marge it sound like you be doin ' really super . mike yah , well , I , uh ... it 's not that it do not work out - Linda pass away . she , uh ... marge I be sorry . mike yah , I , uh ... she have leukemia , you know ... marge no , I do not ... mike it be a tough , uh ... it be a long - she fight real hard , marge ... marge I be sorry , Mike . mike oh , ya know , that 's , uh - what can I say ?... he hold up he drink . mike ... better time , huh ? marge clink it . marge better time . mike I be so ... I be so ... and then I see you on tv , and I remember , ya know ... I always like you ... marge well , I always like you , Mike . mike I always like ya so much ... marge it 's okay , Mike - should we get together another time , ya think ? mike no - I be sorry ! it 's just - I be so lonely - then I see you , and ... he be weep . mike ... I be sorry ... I should not a do this ... I think we would have a really terrific time , and now I have ... marge it 's okay ... mike you be such a super lady ... and then I ... I be so lonely ... marge it 's okay , Mike ... carlton celebrity room Carl showalter be sit at a small table with a tarty - look blonde in a low - cut gown . each hold a drink . carl just in town on business . just in and out . ha ha ! a little of the old in - and-out ! woman wuddya do ? Carl look around . carl have ya be to the celebrity room before ? with other , uh , client ? woman I do not think so . it 's nice . carl yeah , well , it depend on the artist . you know , Jose feliciano , ya get no complaint . waiter ! the reverse show a disappear waiter and the back of many , many people sit at table between we and the very distant stage . Jose feliciano , very small , perform on a spotlit stool . the acoustic be poor . Carl grimace . carl ... what be he , deaf ?... so , uh , how long have you be with the escort service ? woman I do not know . few munce . carl ya find the work interesting , do ya ? woman ... what be you talk about ? a dirty bedroom Carl be humping the escort . we hear the door burst open . the escort be grab and flung out of bed . carl Shep ! what the hell be you do ? I be bang that girl ! Shep ! Jesus ch - Shep slap he hard , forehand , backhand . shep fuck out of my house ! he haul he up - carl Shep ! do not you dare fuck hit I , man ! do not you - - punch he and fling he away . Carl hit a sofa and we see he bare leg disappear as he flip back over it . Shep enter frame to circle the sofa and kick at Carl behind it . shep fuck outta here . put I back in stillwater . Little fuck shit . there be a knock at the door . voice hey ! come on in there ! Shep stride to the door , fling it open . a man in boxer short stand in the doorway . man c'mon , brother , it 's late - unghh ! Shep hit he twice , then grab both of he ear and start bang he head against the wall . the hooker run by , clutching she clothes , and Shep kick she in the ass as she pass . he spin and go back into the apartment . Carl be hopping desperately into he pants . carl stay away from I , man ! hey ! smoke a fuckin ' peace pipe , man ! do not you dare fuckin ' - unghh ! after hit he several time , Shep yank Carl 's belt out of he dangle pants and strangle he with it . Carl gurgle . Shep knee Carl repeatedly , then dump he onto the floor and start whipping he with the buckle end of the belt . chain restaurant phone booth Carl listen to the phone ring at the other end . his face be deeply bruise and cut . finally , through the phone ... voice ... yah ? carl all right , Jerry , I be through fuck around . you get the fuck money ? jerry's kitchen Jerry be at the kitchen phone . through the door to the dining room we see Wade pick up a extension . jerry yah , I get the money , but , uh - carl do not you fuck but I , Jerry . I want you with this money on the dayton-radisson parking ramp , top level , thirty minute , and we will wrap this up . jerry yah , okay , but , uh - carl you be there in thirty minute or I find you , Jerry , and I shoot you , and I shoot you fuck wife , and I shoot all you little fuck child , and I shoot them all in the back of they little fuck head . get it ? jerry ... yah , well , you stay away from scotty now - carl got it ? jerry okay , real good , then . the line go dead . a door slam offscreen . ext . house Wade , briefcase in hand , get into he cadillac , slam the door and peel out . int . car Wade 's jaw work as he glare out at traffic . he mumble to himself as he drive . WADE okay ... here 's you damn money , now where 's my daughter ?... goddamn punk ... where 's my damn daughter ... he pull out a gun , crack the barrel , peer in . WADE ... you little punk . jerry's house Jerry sit in the foyer , try to pull on pair of galoshes . scotty 's voice come from upstairs : voice ... dad ? jerry it 's okay , scotty . voice where be you go ? jerry be back in a minute . if Stan call you , just tell he I go to ember . oh , geez - thunk ! - he first boot go on . radisson marge sit on the bed in she hotel room , shoe off , massage she foot . the phone be press to she ear , and through it , we hear ringing . voice ... hello ? marge norm ? mille lac lake it be late evening , blow storm . a leisurely pan across the bleak gray expanse find a little hut in the middle of the freeze lake with a pickup truck park next to it . marge' voice they bitin' ? int . hut norm have a cellular phone to he ear . his foot be stretch out to a electric heater . the interior be bath in soft orange light . norm yah , okay . how 's the hotel ? marge oh , pretty good . they bitin' ? norm yeah , couple a musky . no pike yet . how d' you feel ? marge oh , fine . norm not on you foot too much ? marge no , no . norm you should not be on you foot too much , you get weight you be not use too . how 's the food down there ? marge have dinner at a place call the King 's table . Buffet style . it be pretty darn good . norm be it reasonable ? marge yah , not too bad . so it 's nice up there ? norm yah , it 's good . no pike yet , but it 's good . dayton -radisson ramp the top , open , level . snow blow . a car sit idling . another car pull onto the roof . it creep over to the park car and stop . it continue to idle as its door open and Wade step out , carry the briefcase . the door of the other car bang open and Carl bounce out . carl who the fuck be you ? who the fuck be you ? WADE I get you goddamn money , you little punk . now where 's my daughter ? carl I be through fuck around ! Drop that fuck briefcase ! WADE where 's my daughter ? carl fuck you , man ! where 's Jerry ? I give simple fucking instruction - WADE where 's my damn daughter ? no Jean , no money ! carl Drop that fuck money ! WADE no Jean , no money ! carl be this a fuck joke here ? he pull out a gun and fire into Wade 's gut . carl ... be this a fuck joke ? WADE unghh ... oh , geez ... he be on the pavement , clutching at he gut . snow swirl . carl you fuck imbecile ! he bend down next to Wade to pick up the briefcase . WADE oh , for Christ ... oh , geez ... Wade bring out he gun and fire at Carl 's head , close by . carl oh ! Carl stumble and fall back , and then stand up again . his jaw be gout blood . carl ... owwmm ... one hand press to he jaw , he fire down at Wade several time . blood stream through the hand press to he jaw . carl ... mmmmmphnck ! he fnkem shop I ... he pocket the gun , pick up the briefcase one -hande , fling it into he car , get in , peel out . down ramp Carl scream down the ramp . he take a corner at high speed and swerve , just miss Jerry in he old on he way to the top . int . jerry's car Jerry recover from the near miss and continue up . jerry oh , geez ! exit booth Carl squeal to a halt at the gate , still press he hand to he bleed jaw . carl ophhem mar fuchem gaphe ! attendant May I have you ticket , please ? ramp roof Jerry pull to a halt next to Wade 's idling cadillac . he get out and walk slowly to Wade 's body , prostrate in the swirl snow . jerry oh ! oh , geez ! he bend down , pick Wade up by the armpit and drag he over to the back of the cadillac . he drop Wade 's body , walk to the driver 's side of the car , pull the key and walk back to pop the trunk . he wrestle Wade 's body into the trunk , slam it shut and walk back to the scene of the shoot . he kick at the snow with he galosh foot , try to hide the fresh bloodstain . exit booth Jerry approach in the cadillac . the wooden gate barring the exit have be break away . the booth be empty . Jerry ease toward the street , look over at the booth as he pass . Inside the booth we see the awkwardly angle leg of a prostrate body . ext . jerry's house the car pull into the driveway . foyer Jerry enter and sit on the foyer chair to take off he galoshes . scott' voice ... dad ? jerry yah . scott' voice Stan grossman call . jerry yah , okay . scott' voice twice . jerry okay . scott' voice ... be everything okay ? jerry yah . thoonk - the first boot come off . scott' voice be you call Stan ? jerry well ... I be goin ' to bed now . carl car Carl mumble as he drive , underlit by the dim dash light , one hand now hold a piece of rag to he shred jaw . carl ... fnnkn ashlzh ... fnk ... road Carl 's car roar into frame , violently swirl the snow . its red tail light fishtail away . fade out hold in black hard CUT to : bright - looking through a windshield it be a starky sunny day . we be cruise down a street of humble lookalike house . we pan right as we draw toward one house in particular . in its driveway a man in a hood parka shovel snow . he notice the approach car and give its driver a wave . the driver be Gary , the brainderd police officer . he give a finger - to- the-head salute and pull over . outside Gary slam he door shut and the other man plant he shovel in the snow . man how ya doin ' ? gary Mr. mohra ? man yah . gary Officer Olson . man yah , right -o. the two man caucus the driveway without shaking hand and without stand particularly close . they stand stiffly , arm down at they side and breath stream out of they parka hood . each have a awkward lean - away posture , head draw slightly back and chin tuck in , to keep he face from protrude into the cold . man ... so , I be tendin ' bar there at ecklund &amp ; &amp ; swedlin 's last Tuesday and this little guy 's drinkin ' and he say , ' so where can a guy find some action - I be goin ' crazy down there at the lake . ' and I say , ' what kinda action ? ' and he say , ' woman action , what do I look like , ' and I say ' well , what do I look like , I do not arrange that kinda thing , ' and he say , ' I be goin ' crazy out there at the lake ' and I say , ' well , this be not that kinda place . ' gary uh-huh . man so he say , ' so I get it , so you think I be some kinda jerk for askin' , ' only he do not use the word jerk . gary I unnerstand . man and then he call I a jerk and say the last guy who think he be a jerk be dead now . so I do not say nothin ' and he say , ' what do ya think about that ? ' so I say , ' well , that do not sound like too good a deal for he then . ' gary ya get that right . man and he say , ' yah , that guy 's dead and I do not mean a old age . ' and then he say , ' geez , I be goin ' crazy out there at the lake . ' gary White bear Lake ? man well , ecklund &amp ; &amp ; swedlin 's , that 's closer to moose Lake , so I make that assumption . gary oh sure . man so , ya know , he 's drinkin' , so I do not think a whole great deal of it , but Mrs. mohra hear about the homicide out here and she think I should call it in , so I call it in . end a story . gary what would this guy look like anyways ? man oh , he be a little guy , kinda funny - lookin ' . gary uh-huh - in what way ? man just a general way . gary okay , well , thanks a bunch , Mr. mohra . you be right , it 's probably nothin ' , but thanks for callin ' she in . man oh sure . they say she 's gonna turn cold tomorrow . gary yah , get a front movin ' in . man ya get that right . close on carl showalter in he car , now park , one hand hold the rag press to he mangle jaw . he be stare down at something in the front seat next to he . his other hand hold open the briefcase . it have money inside - a lot of money . Carl unfreeze , take out one of the bank - wrap wad and look at it . carl ... mmmnphh . he paw through the money in the briefcase to get a feel for the amount . carl ... jeshush shrist ... jeshush fuchem shrist ! excite , he count out a bundle of bill and toss it onto the back seat . he start to take the rag away from he chin but the layer press against he face stick , its loose weave bound to he skin by clotted blood . he pull very gently and wince as blood start to flow again . he carefully tear the rag in half so that only a bit of it remain adhere to he jaw . ext . car it be pull over to the side of a untravel road . the door open and Carl emerge with the briefcase . he slog through the snow , down a gulley and up the embankment to a barb - wire fence . he kneel at one of the fence post and frantically dig into the snow with he bare hand , throw in the briefcase and cover it back up . he stand and try to beat the circulation back into he red , freeze hand . he look to the right . a regular line of identical fence post stretch away against unblemish white . he look to the leave . a regular line of identical fence post stretch away against unblemish white . he look at the fence post in front of he . carl mmmphh ... he look about the snowy vastness for a marker . find none , he kick the fence post a couple of time , fail to scar or tilt it , then hurriedly plant a couple of sick up against the post . he bend down , scoops up a handful of snow , press it against he wounded jaw , and lope back to the idling car . HOTEL room marge have a pack overnight back sit on the unmade bed . she be ready to leave , already wear she parka , but be on the phone . marge no , I be leavin ' this mornin ' , back up to brainerd . voice well , I be sorry I will not see ya . marge mm. but ya think he 's all right ? I see he last night and he 's - voice what would he say ? marge well , it be nothin ' specific he say , it just seemd like it all hit he really hard , he wife dyin ' - voice his wife ? marge Linda . voice no . marge Linda cooksey ? voice no. no. no . they be not - he , uh , he be bother Linda for about , oh , for a good year . really pester she , would not leave she alone . marge so ... they do not ... voice no. no . they never marry . Mike 's have psychiatric problem . marge oh . oh , my . voice yah , he - he 's be struggle . he 's live with he parent now . marge oh. geez. voice yah , Linda 's fine . you should call she . marge geez . well - geez . that 's a suprise . marge' car marge drive , gaze out at the road . marge at a drive-through she lean out of she open window and yell at the order panel : marge hello ? marge at the gustafson old garage she sit in the lot , eat a breakfast sandwich . jerry lundegaard's office Jerry be at he desk use a blunt pencil to enter number onto a form . beneath the form be a piece of carbon paper and beneath that another form copy , which Jerry periodically check . the carbon - copy form show thick smudgy , illegible entry . Jerry hum nervously . Glass rattles as someone tap at he door . Jerry look up and freeze , mouth hang open , brow knit with worry . marge stick she head in the door . marge Mr. lundegaard ? sorry to bother you again . can I come in ? she start to enter . jerry yah , no , I be kinda - I be kinda busy - marge I unnerstand . I will keep it real short , then . I be on my way out of town , but I be just - do you mind if I sit down ? I be carry a bit of a load here . jerry no , I - but she be already sit into the chair opposite with a sigh of relieved weight . marge yah , it 's this vehicle I ask you about yesterday . I be just wonder - jerry yah , like I tell ya , we have not have any vehicle go miss . marge okay , be you sure , cause , I mean , how do you know ? because , see , the crime I be investigate , the perpetrator be drive a car with dealer plate . and they call someone who work here , so it would be quite a coincidence if they be not , ya know , connect . jerry yah , I see . marge so how do you - have you do any kind of inventory recently ? jerry the car 's not from we lot , mar 'am . marge but do you know that for sure without - jerry well , I would know . I be the executive sale manager . marge yah , but - jerry we run a pretty tight ship here . marge I know , but - well , how do you establish that , sir ? be the car , uh , count daily or what kind of - jerry ma'am , I answer you question . there be a silent beat . marge ... I be sorry , sir ? jerry ma'am , I answer you question . I answer the darn - I be cooperate here , and I ... marge Sir , you have no call to get snippy with I . I be just doin ' my job here . jerry I be not , uh , I be not arguin ' here . I be cooperate ... there 's no , uh - we be doin ' all we can ... he trail off into silence . marge Sir , could I talk to Mr. gustafson ? Jerry stare at she . marge ... Mr. lundegaard ? Jerry explode : jerry well , heck , if you wanna , if you wanna play game here ! I be workin ' with ya on this thing , but I ... he be get angrily off he foot . jerry okay , I will do a damned lot count ! marge Sir ? right now ? jerry sure right now ! you be darn tootin ' ! he be yanking he parka from a hook behind the open door and grab a pair of galoshes . jerry ... if it 's so damned imporant to ya ! marge I be sorry , sir , I - Jerry have the parka sling over one arm and the galoshes pinch in he hand . jerry aw , what the Christ ! he stamp out the door . marge stare . after a long moment she stare break . she glance idly around the office . there be a frame picture face away from she on the desktop . she turn it to face she . it be scotty , hold a accordion . there be another picture of Jean . marge look at it , look around , for some reason , at the ceiling . she look at a trophy shelf on the wall behind she . she fiddle idly with a pencil . she pull a clipboard toward she . it hold a form from the General Motors Finance Corporation . she look idly around . her look abruptly lock . marge ... oh , for Pete 's sake . Jerry be ease he car around the near corner of the building . marge 's voice be flat with dismay : marge ... oh , for Pete 's sake ... she grab the phone and punch in a number . marge ... for Pete 's s- he 's fleein ' the interview . he 's feelin' the interview ... Jerry make a leave turn into traffic . marge ... detective sibert , please ... police officer we be look across a steam table at a man in blue . he move slowly to the right , push he tray along a cafeteria line . behind he , in the depth of the room , be a eat area of long Formica table at which sit a mix of uniform and civilian - clothed police and staff . we be listen to a offscreen woman 's voice . woman well , so far we be just say he 's want for question in connection with a triple homicide . nobody at the dealership there 's be much help guess where he might go ... the woman be enter frame slide a tray . marge enter behind she , slide she own . we move laterally with they as they slowly make they way along the line . marge uh-huh . woman we call he house ; he little boy say he have not be there . marge and he wife ? woman she 's visit relative in Florida . now he boss , this guy gustafson , he 's also disappear . nobody at he office know where he be . marge geez . look like this thing go higher than we think . you call he home ? woman his wife 's in the hospital , have be for a couple month . the big c. marge oh , my . woman and this Shep proudfoot character , he 's a little darling . he 's now want for assault and parole violation . he clobbere a neighbor of he last night and another person who could be one of you perp , and he 's at large . marge Boy , this thing be really ... geez . woman well , they be all out on the wire . well , you know ... marge yah . well , I just can not thank you enough , detective sibert , this cooperation have be outstanding . detective sibert ah , well , we have not have to run around like you . whe n be you due ? marge end a April . detective sibert any other ? marge this will be we first . we have be wait a long time . detective sibert that 's wonderful . mm-mm . it will change you life , a course . marge oh , yah , I know that ! detective sibert they can really take over , that 's for sure . marge you have child ? detective sibert pull a accordion of plastic picture sleeve from she purse to show marge . detective sibert I think you would never ask . the older one be Janet , she 's nine , and the young one be Morgan . marge oh , now he 's adorable . detective sibert he 's three now . course , not in that picture . marge oh , he 's adorable . detective sibert yah , he - marge where would you get he that parka ? they have reach the end of the cafeteria line . with a nod to the cashier , detective sibert indicate hers and marge 's trays . detective sibert both of this . marge oh , no , I can not let you do that . detective sibert oh , do not be silly . marge well , okay - thank you , detective . detective sibert oh , do not be silly . gaear grimsrud he sit eat a swanson 's tv dinner from a tv tray he have set up in front of a easy chair . he watch the old black - and - white tv set whose image - it might be a game show - be still heavily ghost and diffuse by snow . the audio crackle with interference . despite the impenetrability of its image , it hold grimsrud 's complete attention . at the sound of the front door open , grimsrud look up . Carl enter , he face suppurate and raw . he react to grimsrud 's wordless look with a grotesque laugh . carl you should she zhe uzher guy ! he glance around . carl ... the fuck happen a she ? Jean sit slump in a straight - back chair face the wall . her hood head , rest on she chin , be motionless . there be blood on the face wall . grimsrud she start shriek , you know . carl jezhush . he shake he head . carl ... well , I gotta muddy . he be plunk down eight bank - wrap bundle on the table . carl ... all of it . all eighty gran . forty for you ... he make one pile , pocket the rest . carl ... forty for I . sho thishuzh it . adiosh . he slap key down on the table . carl ... you c' n 'ave my truck . I be takin ' a shiera . grimsrud we split that . Carl look at he . carl how the fuck do we shplitta fuckin ' car ? ya dummy ! widda fuckin ' chainshaw ? grimsrud look sourly up . there be a beat . finally : grimsrud one of we pay the other for half . carl hold on ! no fuckin ' way ! you fuckin ' notish ish ? I got fuckin ' shot inna faish ! I went'n gotta fuckin ' money ! I get shot fuckin ' pickin ' it up ! I be up for thirty - shiksh fuckin ' hourzh ! i'm takin ' that fuckin ' car ! that fuckerzh mine ! Carl wait for a argument , but only get the steady sour look . Carl pull out a gun . carl ... you fuckin ' ash -hole ! I lishen a you bullshit for a whole fuckin ' week ! a beat . Carl return grimsrud 's stare . carl ... be we shquare ? grimsrud say nothing . carl ... be we shquare ? a beat . disgust , Carl pocket the gun and head for the door . carl ... fuckin ' ash-hole . and if you shee you friend Shep proudpfut , tell he I be gonna nail hizh fuckin ' ash . outside we be pull Carl as he walk toward the car . behind he we see the cabin door open . Carl turn , reacting to the sound . grimsrud be bound out wear mitten and a red hunter 's cap , but no overcoat . he be hold a ax . Carl fumble in he pocket for he gun . grimsrud swing overhand , bury the ax in Carl 's neck . marge in she cruiser , on she two - way . through it we hear Lou 's voice , heavily filter : voice his wife . this guy say she be kidnap last Wednesday . marge the day of we homicide . voice yah . marge be peer to one side as she drive , look through the bare tree that border the road on a declivity that run down to a large freeze lake . marge and this guy be ... voice lundegaard 's father - in- law 's accountant . marge gustafson 's accountant . voice yah . marge but we still have not find gustafson . voice ( crackle ) - look . marge sorry - do not copy . voice still miss . we be look . marge copy . and lundegaard too . voice yah . where be ya , margie ? we hear , distant but grow louder , harsh engine noise , as of a chainsaw or lawnmower . marge oh , I be almost back - I be drive around moose Lake . voice oh. Gary 's loudmouth . marge yah , the loudmouth . so the whole state have it , lundegaard and gustafson ? voice yah , it 's over the wire , it 's everywhere , they will find them . marge copy . voice we have get a - marge there 's the car ! there 's the car ! we be slow as we approach a short driveway lead down to a cabin . park in front be the brown cutlass ciera . voice whose car ? marge my car ! my car ! Tan ciera ! voice do not go in ! wait for back -up ! marge be strain to look . the power- tool noise be louder here but still muffle , its source not yet visible . voice ... Chief gunderson ? marge copy . yah , send I back -up ! voice yes , mar 'am . be we the close PD ? marge yah , menominie only have Chief perpich and he take February off to go to boundary Waters . road exterior marge pull she prowler over some distance past the cabin . she get out , zip up she khaki parka and pull up its fur - line hood . for a moment , she stand listen to the muffle roar of the power tool . then , with one curve arm half press against , half support she belly , she take slow , gingerly step down the slope , through the deep snow , through the tree angle toward the cabin and the source of the grind noise . she slog from tree to tree , let each one support she downhill - lean weight for a moment before slogging to the next . the roar grow louder . marge stand panting by one tree , she breath vaporize out of she snorkel hood . she squint down toward the cabin 's back lot . a tall man with he back to we , wear a red plaid quilt jacket and a hunt cap with earflap , be labor over a large power tool which he body block from view . marge advance . the man be force downward something which engage the roaring power tool and make harsh spluttering noise . the man be grimsrud , he nose red and eye water from the cold , hatflap pull down over he ear . his breath steam as he sourly go about he work , both hand press down a shod foot , as it if be the shaft of a butter churn . the roar be very loud . marge slog down to the next tree , panting , look . grimsrud force more of the leg into the machine , which we can now see spray small wet chunks out the bottom . marge 's eye shift . a large dark form lie in the snow next to grimsrud . grimsrud work on , eye water . with a grunt he bend down out of frame and then re-enter hold a thick log . he use it to force the leg deeper into the machine . marge be advance . she hold a gun extend toward grimsrud , who be still turn away . grimsrud rub he nose with the back of he hand . marge close in , grimace . grimsrud 's back strain as he put he weight into the log that push down into the machine . the dark shape in the snow next to he side be the rest of Carl showalter 's body . marge have draw to within twenty yard . when she bellow it sound hollow and distant , she voice all but eat up by the roar of the power tool . marge stop ! Police ! turn around and hand up ! startle , grimsrud scowl . he turn to face she . he stare . marge bellow again : marge ... hand up ! conscious of the noise , she show with a twist of she shoulder the armpatch insignia . marge ... Police ! grimsrud stare . with a quick twist , he reach back for the log , hurl it at marge and then start run away . marge twist she body sideways , shield herself . no need - the heavy log travel perhaps ten yard and land in the snow several foot short of she . grimsrud pants up the hill - slow go through the deep snow . behind he : marge ... halt ! she fire in the air . she lower the gun and carefully sigh . marge ... halt ! she fire . grimsrud still slog up the hill - a miss . marge sight again . marge ... halt ! she fire again . grimsrud pitch forward . he mutter in swedish as he reach down to clutch at he wounded leg . marge walk toward he , gun train on he as she other hand reach under she parka and grope around she waist . it come out with a pair of handcuffs , which she open with a snap of the wrist . marge ... all right , buddy . on you belly and you hand clasped behind you . the cruiser marge drive . grimsrud sit in the back seat , hand cuffed behind he . for a long moment there , he be quiet - only engine hum and the periodic clomp of wheel on pavement seam - as marge grimly shake she head . marge ... so that be Mrs. lundegaard in there ? she glance up in the rear-view mirror . grimsrud , cheek sink , eye hollow , look sourly out at the road . marge shake she head . at length : marge ... I guess that be you accomplice in the wood chipper . grimsrud 's head bob with bump on the road ; otherwise he be motionless , reactionless , scowling and gaze out . marge ... and that three people in brainerd . no response . marge , gaze forward , seem to be talk to herself . marge ... and for what ? for a little bit of money . we hear distant siren . marge ... there 's more to life than money , you know . she glance up in the rear-view mirror . marge ... do not you know that ?... and here ya be , and it 's a beautiful day ... grimsrud 's hollow eye stare out . the siren be get louder . marge pull over . marge ... well ... she lean forward to the dash to give two short signal whoops on she siren . she turn on she flasher . she lean back with a creak and jangle of utility . she stare forward , shake she head . we hear the dull click of she flasher . marge ... I just do not unnerstand it . outside it be snow . the sky , the earth , the road - all white . a squad car , gumball spin , punch through the white . it approach in slow motion . a ambulance punch through after it . another squad car . fade out : fade in : high and wide on a shabby motel it stand next to a highway on a snowy , windslept plain . one or two car dot the parking lot along with a idling police cruiser . motel room doorway we be look over the shoulder of two uniform policeman who stand on either side of the door , they hand rest lightly on they holster sidearm . one of they rap at the door . cop one Mr. Anderson ... a title fade in : outside of bismark , NORTH dakota after a pause , muffle through the door : voice ... who ?... cop one Mr. Anderson , be this you burgundy 88 out here ? voice ... just a sec . cop one could you open the door , please ? voice ... yah . yah , just a sec . we hear a clatter from inside . voice ... just a sec ... one of the policeman unholster he gun and nod to someone whose back enter - a superintendent hold a ring of key . this man turn a key in the door and then stand away . the two policeman , gun at the ready , bang into the motel room . the rough hand -held camera rush in behind they as the two man give the room a two -hande sweep with they gun . the room be empty . cop one indicate the open bathroom door . cop one Dale ! the two man charge the bathroom , belt jingling , gun at the ready , jittery camera behind they rush to keep pace . a man in boxer short be halfway out the bathroom window . the policeman holster they gun and charge the window , and drag Jerry lundegaard back into the room . his flesh quiver as he thrashes and keens in short , pierce scream . the cop wrestle he to the floor but he palsie thrashing continue . the policeman struggle to restrain he . cop one call a ambulance ! cop two you get he okay ? cop one pinion Jerry 's arm to the floor and Jerry burst into uncontrolled sobbing . cop one yah , yah , call a ambulance . Jerry sob and scream . a bedroom we be square on norm , who sit in bed watch television . after a long beat , marge enter frame in a nightie and climb into bed , with some effort . marge oooph ! norm reach for she hand as both watch the television . at length norm speak , but keep he eye on the tv . norm they announce it . marge look at he . marge they announce it ? norm yah . marge look at he , wait for more , but norm 's eye stay fix on the television . marge ... so ? norm Three - cent stamp . marge you mallard ? norm yah . marge norm , that 's terrific ! norm try to suppress a smile of pleasure . norm it 's just the three cent . marge it 's terrific ! norm hautman 's blue-winged teal get the twenty - nine cent . people do not much use the three - cent . marge oh , for Pete 's - a course they do ! every time they raise the darn postage , people need the little stamp ! norm yah . marge when they be stick with a bunch a the old one ! norm yah , I guess . marge that 's terrific . her eye go back to the tv . marge ... I be so proud a you , norm . norm murmur : norm I love you , margie . marge I love you , norm . both of they be watch the tv as norm reach out to rest a hand on top of she stomach . norm ... two more month . marge absently rest she own hand on top of he . marge two more month . hold ; fade out .