fade in : ext . ridgemont CENTER mall - night from the outside parking lot it look like a enormous beach whale . it be the prime hangout for all the teenager in the area . kid mill around the parking lot or stand by the mall entrance . int . ridgemont CENTER mall there be three level of store underneath a massive fluorescent roof . different music come from each store . it look seventies - modern , but already use and run-down . group of kid cruise the mall , eyeing each other and act cool . int . swenson's ice - cream parlor - night the teenage waitress in they peppermint pattie uniform be rush around , try to keep up with they order . a good-look man in he mid-twenty enter and sit . he wear a plastic name tag that say : " Pacific stereo audio consultant , ron johnson . " two swenson 's Waitress pass by with supreme indifference , and take they order into the back kitchen . int . swenson's back kitchen waitress # 1 I think he look like Richard gere . the two Waitress discuss the issue at hand . one of they , Linda Barrett , be the seventeen year old , retire sex queen of ridgemont High . waitress # 1 ( cont 'd ) I think he look like ... Richard gere. ( Bruce springsteen ) linda do you see he cute little butt ? a third waitress enter . waitress # 2 let 's talk about C - 19 . waitress # 1 and linda we be ! waitress # 2 I think I will drop over and change the shaker . linda no , be cool , that 's stacy 's section . through the entrance , we see stacy Hamilton . she be the fifteen - year- old trainee , sweet - look with just the last trace of baby fat . she put down a glass of water for ron , spill some and mop it up . waitress # 1 he 's too old for stacy , she have not even start high school yet . a flustered stacy enter the back kitchen . linda how 's it go . stacy do you think that guy 's cute ? waitress # 1 in a blow - dry kind of way . stacy do anyone else want to take he table ? linda do not you like he ? stacy yeah , but I fuck up . you can take it . really . linda come on , stacy , it 's you section and you man . stacy what should I do ? linda just take he order , look he in the eye and if he say anything remotely funny , laugh a lot . she fluff up stacy 's hair and gently shove she towards the door . stacy reluctantly exit . int . swenson's dine room stacy go to ron 's table . ron so you work hard or hardly work ? stacy think it over , decide it 's a joke and laugh ( a little too late ) . ron look at she soulfully . ron ( cont 'd ) you look like you could still be in high school . stacy I know , everyone say that . he stare at she and she stare back uncomfortably . stacy ( cont 'd ) what can I get for you tonight . ron how about you phone number ? stacy smile nervously . int . ridgemont mall - outside swenson be - night a teenage boy stand in front of a in - mall theatre across from swenson' . he wear a stiff over - size tuxedo suit . he be Mark " the Rat " ratner , a ticket taker on the job . Mike damone , a transplant easterner , bop over from the record store , eyeing every girl he pass . he stop at the movie theatre . the rat do you ever look at that girl who work at swenson 's ? they be beautiful . and I have to stand out here and watch they six night a week . damone you should work for yourself . two junior High kid spot damone , walk up to he . damone ( cont 'd ) what can I do for you , gentleman ? junior high kid # 1 you the guy with the Van halen ticket ? damone I could be . junior high kid # 2 what do you want for something in the first ten row ? damone twenty buck apiece . junior high kid # 1 that ticket be only twelve fifty ! damone so do not buy them . junior high kid # 2 ( to friend ) all the other scalper be sell out , Arnold . damone react indignantly . damone scalper ? you call I a scalper ? I perform a service , my friend . the service cost money . now do you want the ticket or not ? the kid look at each other . junior high kid # 1 be you sure you can not go any lower . damone this be my special back - to-school price . junior high kid # 2 we will take them . damone reach inside he pants pocket for a wad of ticket . ext . carl be JR . - night at the other end of the mall be a neon-lit Carl 's Jr. hamburger Restaurant . if swenson 's be the warm up , this be the main attraction of the ridgemont mall . int . carl be JR . back-to-school banner hang from the wall . many kid be line up at the counter . in the middle of the kitchen , direct all the order , be a seventeen year old name Brad . he move confidently , observe the fryer , check cup supply , and give a affectionate squeeze to a pretty cashier name Lisa . she let he kiss she , but only once . a teenage customer shout to Brad from the front counter . customer hey Brad ! I wait till you come on ! I want you fries . Brad smile , walk over to the fryer and discard the fries leave from the previous shift . he shout to the other employee as he put in a new batch , " he " batch . brad we need fifteen superstar , David ! fellow employee # 1 okay , Brad ! brad I will take care of the fry order ! just get I the superstar ! fellow employee # 2 Fish sandwich ! Brad spot three surfer sit in the dining area . none of they be wear shirt . brad hey you guy ! you have shirt on when you come in here . angle on the MAIN surfer a bleary kid sit at the head of the table . he run a hand through he long , stringy blond hair . after a time , he speak . spicoli something happen to they , mon . brad come on , spicoli . why do not you just put you shirt back on ? see the sign ? angle on handwritten sign in window that read : " no shirt , no shoe , no dice " int . carl be JR . a store manager , Dennis Taylor , bustles up to Brad . dennis any problem ? brad no , just a couple of surfer with no shirt on . I take care of it , Dennis . angle on surfer grumble , put shirt back on . it pain they . Dennis head back to he office when he see something in the trash bin . dennis do you throw away that fries , Hamilton ? brad they be leave over from the last shift . dennis that be perfectly good fries , Hamilton . ( glare at Brad ) perfectly good . brad but they be not mine . Brad laugh , go back to work . int . mall - late night it be close and only a few janitor remain . stacy and Linda walk through the large empty mall . stacy he give I he card . ( lovingly ) ' ron Johnson , audio consultant . ' linda ( amused ) should we buy a frame for that ? stacy come on , Linda , I have not have a boyfriend all summer . you promise when I start work at the mall that my life would change ... do you think he will call this week ? linda listen , stace , you want to know about guy ? I will tell you . they be mostly chicken . before I meet Doug I chase after every guy I think be cute . I think if I give out a vibe they would get the message and call I up . well , guess what ? they do not call . stacy so what do you do ? linda I call they . if I be sit next to a guy and I want to sit closer , I would sit closer . if I want to kiss he , I would just do it . you want ron Johnson ? grab he . stacy I can not do that . they pass a janitor clean graffiti that say : lincoln surf nazis and maggot lust for the dust . linda face it . with some guy you have to make the first move . a lot of guy be just ... wussy . stacy really ? linda stacy , what be you wait for ? you be fifteen . I do it when I be thirteen . it 's no huge thing . it 's just sex . if you do not , one of the other girl will . stacy ( cute ) he be hot , be not he ? linda if I do not have a fiance in Chicago , I would go for it . a young girl run and catch up with Linda and stacy . girl ( breathless ) be you Linda Barrett ? linda yes . girl I be carrie frazier from toy 'r us. Judy hinton from May company tell I I could ask you something . Linda nod . girl ( cont 'd ) I have this situation with my boyfriend , and I want to ... ( look at stacy , then whisper in Linda 's ear ) Linda listen thoughtfully , then click into she " sex expert " mode . linda okay , be you over sixteen ? the girl nod . linda ( cont 'd ) all right , what you want to do be go to the free Clinic and tell the doctor that you have sex regularly - several time a week -- and that you need nornel one plus fifty 's . girl and they do not call my parent ? linda not if you be over sixteen . girl okay . thanks a lot , Linda . linda and do not let they talk you into a diaphragm either . the girl thanks Linda again . Linda and stacy get to the back exit of the mall and Linda use a key to open the door . stacy I can not believe I start high school tomorrow . linda believe it . they exit the mall , into the night . ext . ridgemont senior high school - day we see all the element of the first day of school . the student carry new book , explore new locker , begin to stake out they ground . someone have take the steel letter from the green vanguard out front . it read : " idg mon senor hi ho . " the rest of ridgemont High be cover with toilet paper . and a black spray paint message along the side of the front office building read , " lincoln surf nazis . " ext . ridgemont parking lot - day Brad pull into the ridgemont High parking lot . he drive a beat - up , four- door model lot sedan . Three friend wait for he near he parking space . they be dress in the same golf cap with brand logo on the front like cat , national and chainsaw . buddy # 1 Hamilton ! buddy # 2 the cruise vessel ! hey -- yooooo ! Brad climb out of he car and pat it admiringly . brad six more payment , gentleman . Brad join he friend , and they walk towards the gymnasium . ext . ridgemont parking lot we see a shiny , new , blue mustang whip into the parking lot . student scatter from the parking space . behind the wheel be football star Charles jefferson . a huge , black kid . the hall at ridgemont part for Charles jefferson . Rat and damone be in the parking lot . damone surround by underclassmen ( customer ) sell ticket . damone see that mustang ? u.c.l.a. give Charles jefferson that car when he be a sophomore . the underclassmen be impressed . they watch as jefferson open he car door and stand to he full height , over six - foot tall . he open he trunk and pull out no book , just a football duffel bag . he slowly walk by damone , Rat and the underclassmen . damone ( cont 'd ) how ya do ! that car look great , Charles ! jefferson give damone a death glare . jefferson do not ... fuck ... with ... it . he move on . damone resume sell ticket . damone shit , that 's my man . ext . ridgemont parking lot we see a clutching , smooching couple walk by . cheerleader Cindy carr and she boyfriend , Gregg Adams . ext . ridgemont parking lot - day the four stoner ( from Carl 's Jr. ) tumble out of a van in the parking lot . they head towards the gymnasium . int . ridgemont gymnasium - day stand by the a-b-c-d-e registration counter in the gymnasium , Brad wait to pick up he red ad card . he stand surround by he buddy . they nod vigorously at everything Brad say . as he talk , fellow student all say hello or pat he as they pass . one troubled - look boy , Arnold , walk up to Brad . arnold Brad , can I talk to you a minute ? brad Arnold . what 's happen ? Arnold speak confidentially to Brad . arnold Brad , I really fuckin ' hate McDonald 's , man . ever since they start in with the chicken , everything go downhill . brad you want to work at Carl 's ? arnold oh , man , if you could swing something there , I would do anything for you . I want to work with you guy . brad I can probably get you in there . just let I talk to Dennis Taylor . arnold all right !! Brad notice stacy and nod with complete inner cool . stacy hi , Brad . brad sis . brad' buddy hey , stacy . stacy hi ... where 's Lisa ? brad everyone want to know where Lisa be . how should I know where Lisa be ? ( to buddy ) what be I gonna do ? now my little sister go to the same high school . the party 's over . ( to stacy ) so who do you have first period ? stacy U.S. History . Mr. Hand . brad hey -yo . david hey-yoooooooooo. stacy ( concerned ) what 's wrong with Mr. Hand ? brad nothing ... if you like ' Hawaii five o. ' you better get in class , stacy . that 's not the one to be late to . stacy hurry off . rich ( as soon as she be go ) you sister be really turn into a fox . brad you should see she in the morning . brad' buddy hey-yooooooooooo. int . U.S. history CLASS - day stacy barely slip in the door before the final attendance bell sound . she find a seat just as the teacher 's cubicle door open at the back of the classroom . a tall figure come barrel down the aisle . he be Mr. Hand . the man make a double - speed step to the door at the front of the class , kick the door shut and lock it . the window rattle in they frame . stacy watch , wide - eye , at she first high school class . mr. hand aloha . my name be Mr. Hand . Mr. Hand write he name on the green chalkboard before he class . every letter be a small explosion of chalk . mr. hand ( cont 'd ) ( almost sweetly ) I have but one question for you on we first morning ' together . ' ( pause ) can you attend my class ? pakalo ?... understand ?... History have prove we one basic fact . man do not do anything that be not for he own good . it be for you own good that you attend my class . and if you can not make it ... I can make you . a impatient knock begin at the front door of the classroom . mr. hand ( cont 'd ) we have a twenty - question quiz every Friday . it will cover all the material we have deal with during the week . there will be no make - up exam . it 's important that you all have you land of Truth and Liberty textbooks by Wednesday . at the latest . the knock continue . mr. hand ( cont 'd ) you grade be the average of all you quizze , plus the midterm and final , which count for one - third . get it ? the mystery knocker try a lazy calypso beat on the front door . no one in Mr. Hand 's U.S. History class dare mention it , much less answer it . stacy grip she desk with the tension of she first day . mr. hand ( cont 'd ) also . there will be no eat in this class . you get use to do you own business on you own time . that 's one demand I make . I do not like stay after class with you on detention . that 's my time . I do not like waste it . just like you would not want I to come to you house some evening and discuss U.S. History on you time . pakalo ? Hand finally turn , as if he have just notice the sound at the door and open the door a inch . Jeffrey spicoli stand in the doorway , red eye glisten . his long , blond hair be still wet and stream down the back of he white peasant shirt . he grin , oblivious to such trivial matter as attendance bell . a Student sit near stacy turn to he friend . student that guy have be stone since the third grade . mr. hand yes ? spicoli yeah . I be register for this class . mr. hand what class ? spicoli this be U.S. History , right ? I see the globe in the window . mr. hand ( appear enthralled ) really ? spicoli hold he red ad card up to the crack in the door . spicoli can I come in ? mr. hand ( swinging door open ) oh , please . I get so lonely when that third attendance bell ring and I do not see all my kid here . spicoli laugh . he be the only one . spicoli sorry I be late . this new schedule be totally confusing . Mr. Hand take the red ad card and read from it with utter fascination . mr. hand Mr. spicoli ? spicoli that 's the name they give I . Mr. Hand slowly tear the card into little piece and sprinkle the piece over he wastebasket . spicoli watch in disbelief . his hand be freeze in the process of remove he backpack . spicoli ( cont 'd ) you just rip my card in two ! mr. hand yes . spicoli hey , bud . what 's you problem ? Mr. Hand move to within inch of spicoli 's face . mr. hand no problem at all . I think you know where the front office be . it take a moment for the word to work they way out of Jeff spicoli 's mouth . spicoli you ... dick . in the tense moment that follow , no one in the class be sure what might happen . Mr. Hand simply turn away from Jeff spicoli as if he cease to exist and coolly continue he lecture . mr. hand I have take the time to print up a complete schedule of class quizze , and the chapter they cover . please pass they back to the desk behind you ... Hand begin pass out stack of purple mimeograph sheet . angle on student all smell the purple mimeograph sheet . still stand in the doorway , hyperventilate with fifteen - year- old adrenalin , be Jeff spicoli . after a time , he fish a few bit of he ad card out of the wastebasket and huff out of the room . ext . ridgemont lunch court - afternoon it 's pack . the school 's outdoor dining area be actually just a small courtyard line with fast food machine and dominate by a large oak tree in the center . stand at the center of lunch court , under the large oak tree , be Brad Hamilton and he golf - cap buddy . brad you hear about the surfer in Mr. Hand 's class ? his buddy shake they head . brad ( cont 'd ) told Hand to fuck off . brad' buddy whoa !_ Brad see another friend pass through lunch court . brad Thompson ! Brad wait for he to pass . brad ( cont 'd ) I hear Thompson get can at Bob 's this summer . buddy # 1 yeah . they hack he hour , so he quit . brad where be he now ? buddy # 1 make two eighty at Seven - eleven . brad man. ( pause ) they make you wear a fuckin ' candy stripe suit over there . buddy # 2 poor guy . brad poor guy . ext . lunch court - angle on the 200 build bathroom near the outer rim of lunch court . Jeff spicoli come stumbling out into the daylight , surround by a small group of ridgemont stoner . marijuana smoke billow out behind they . stoner buddy # 1 it be so bitchin' , mon . everybody be talk about it . stoner buddy # 2 totally . spicoli the motherfucker piss I off . stoner buddy # 2 totally . you do not have to take that shit . spicoli I do not take that shit . they all laugh , flip hair out of they eye . stoner buddy # 1 tell we again . what happen after he rip up you ad card ? spicoli I call he a dick . and then I reach for he class note , and I rip them up . I say , ' hey bud . two can play this game . ' the stoner go wild . spicoli ( cont 'd ) I will tell you this . if he hassle I again , I can not be responsible for what happen ... you know why ? stoner buddy # 1 because he 's a fuckin ' dick ! spicoli you get it . ( pause ) gimme a dollar . one surfer dig out a dollar for spicoli . they look out at lunch court , see it teeming with straight kid . they turn and walk towards the parking lot . ext . lunch court - angle on stacy and linda as they walk onto lunch court . they take a seat on the outskirt of the area and watch all the student crowd onto the eat area . linda I hear some surfer pull a knife on Mr. Hand this morning . stacy no way ! he just call he a dick . linda God . people exaggerate so much at this school . the school couple , Cindy and Gregg walk by . cindy hi , Linda . God , you look so great . linda hi , you guy . this be stacy . stacy , this be Gregg Adams and Cindy carr . gregg and cindy hi , stacy . stacy smile . Gregg and Cindy move on , repeat the same scene a few foot away . linda if there 's one thing that never change ... it 's a cheerleader . stacy turn to see a girl with short , black hair pass by , wear tight black spandex pants , and dark lipstick . stacy Linda . that girl look just like Pat benatar . linda I know . they watch she pass . linda ( cont 'd ) actually , there be three girl at ridgemont who have cultivate the Pat benatar look . Linda gesture out on lunch court . angle on another PAT benatar look -alike wear pink spandex pants and short - cropped black hair with dark lipstick . angle on still another PAT benatar look -alike wear blue spandex pants and short black hair . she stand a good distance away from the other two . linda ( cont 'd ) none of they talk to each other . Linda look at they with bemusement but stacy be wonder . stacy do you think guy find that attractive ? linda oh , give I a break , stacy . you be much prettier than they . they sit and eat they lunch . Linda have she perennial diet lunch of yogurt and raw vegetable . stacy yeah but they look more sophisticated . you would probably think they would be better in bed . linda what do you mean ' better in bed . ' you either do it or you do not . stacy no there be variable that , like , I might not be good at . linda what variable ? stacy ( shyly ) like , you know , give blow job . linda what 's the big deal ? stacy well I never do it . linda there 's nothing to it . she take out a carrot stick and ease it down she throat . stacv try one but choke . linda ( cont 'd ) you just have to practice a little first . ( feel she throat ) relax this muscle . think of you throat as a open tunnel . the girl try slide the carrot stick down they throat without gag . angle on a boy at the next table ; see they and point they out to he companion . stacy what happen ... do not laugh at I , but when a guy have a orgasm ... you know , like , how much come out . stacy stop practice and look horrify . Linda laugh . linda just kid . about 10cc . stacy ( enlighten ) oh ! that 's where that group get its name from . they continue practice as the boy look on . stacy manage to get almost a whole carrot down she throat to Linda 's amazement . the group of boy break out in applause . stacy look very embarrassed . int . biology lab - day the class be situate so that all student sit at bunson burner table lining the room . Pat be seat at one of the table and stacy take a seat nearby ; she look at the ledge in front of she . it contain a pig embryo . she listen to the conversation next to she . girl student I will tell you right now . I be not go . I will get sick or something . I be not go into a room with a bunch of dead guy . arnold you will go . it 's part of the final . girl student ( a Pat benatar ) have you hear what they do ? I be serious . have you hear ? boy student what ? arnold the body be dissect , Mike , and Mr. vargas pull out part of the dead body and hold they up . okay ? boy student you mean he reach in and pull this stuff out ? girl student yes . boy student like a heart ? girl student heart , lung , gut ... stacy strain to hear more , just as Mr. vargas -- a diminutive man hold a coffee mug -- enter the class . mr. vargas good day , everyone ! I just switch to sanka . I be run a little slow today , so have a heart . angle on the rat he be rivete on stacy Hamilton , swoon . dissolve to : int . stacy room - night we see stacy 's room , a young girl 's room with poster and frilly pillow . stacy be in bed , and she mother be just leave the room . mother sleep tight , stacy . stacy good night , Mom . her mother shut off the light , exit . stacy pull back the cover . she be fully dress . ext . stacy window - night we see the window to stacy 's room slide slowly open , and watch she slip outside . she hike down a drainage pipe to the street . ext . STREET corner - night a brown mg pull up . stacy jump from the shadow and hop in . the car drive away . int . ron be car - night ron sit behind the wheel , hum casually along to the music on he car stereo . ron have on a light - brown leather jacket . he look like a contestant for " the date game . " stacy ( a little nervous ) thanks for pick I up . ron no problem . he speed off , turn up the radio to sing along . ron ( cont 'd ) ' the cuer -vo gold , the fi-ine columbian . ' ( eye stacy ) you look nice tonight . stacy thanks . so do you . ron where do you feel like go ? stacy I do not know . wherever you want . ron how about the point ? stacy ( nervously ) the point sound fine . ron ( look at she knowingly ) all right , the point it be . we see stacy 's anxious face , as the car speed up ridgemont drive , with music . ext . the point - night stacy and ron sit in the car , listen to music . the " point " be a natural lookout spot that lover can " discover . " it be behind the baseball field and dugout of ridgemont High School . stacy and ron get out of the car and walk to the baseball dugout . int . dugout - night they sit side - by-side . above they , a single light bulb shine a very private fifty watt on thing . stacy that 's a nice shirt . ron thanks . thanks a lot . silence . they look at each other , look away . ron ( cont 'd ) it 's very warm out tonight . stacy it be . it 's very warm . I wonder how long it will last ? ron lean over and kiss stacy lightly on the cheek . stacy sit quietly for a moment , think , be that the first move ? then she lunge at ron and kiss he square on the mouth . at first surprised , ron then hold she there and kiss she in return . after a time , he break away . ron be you really nineteen ? stacy yes ... I be really nineteen . they continue make out . ron I think I better take you home . stacy what about that other guy you live with ? ron no . I mean back to you home . but they make no move in any direction . they continue make out . ron begin unbuttone she blouse and massage stacy 's breast . a moment later , he tug at she pants . awkwardly , she start to help he . he tilt she backward onto the concrete dugout bench . they kiss feverishly , she hand pull off she shoe , then she pants . ron go to work . ron ( cont 'd ) ( whisper ) be this you first time ? stacy yes . stacy point of view as she feel a man enter she for the first time , we see the graffiti above she : surf Nazis lincoln be here -- sieg Heil led Zeppelin Dan y Roberto ( disco fag ) dissolve to : ext . school locker - day stacy be stand by she locker , twirling the combination . she be join by Linda Barrett . linda be it great ? stacy it be okay . I linda you will always remember you first time . stacy it be nice . linda so tell I , do you like ron ? be it serious ? stacy come on , Linda . it 's just sex . linda hey ! that 's my line ! they both laugh and walk down the hall . ext . hamilton home - late afternoon stacy arrive home . the Hamilton home have that anonymous prepackage tract look , like many other in this lower - middle class neighborhood . Brad wash he car in the driveway and listen to the car radio . brad Mom say to clean up the pool . stacy why can not you do it ? brad you friend use the pool . you friend mess it up . stacy you friend use the pool too . brad I take out the garbage . stacy do not strain yourself . stacy bristle , and head inside the front door . int . hamilton live room - afternoon the furniture in the Hamilton live room look like it be glean for a sale at pic 'n save . through the live room , one can see a very small , kidney - shape pool . stacy check a erasable telephone message sheet near the refrigerator . there be two name on it : brad / stacy . Brad 's side be fill with message . stacy 's be empty . she notice a summer bouquet floral arrangement . stacy read the attach note . it read : " memories of you , ron Johnson . " she quickly gather it up and carry it back outside . she fan the door several time to dispel the odor . ext . hamilton driveway - afternoon stacy Brad ! have Mom or dad see this ? brad they be not home yet . stacy Brad , what would you say if I ask you to just put this flower in the trunk of the cruise vessel and get rid of they at work ? brad I would say ... who the hell be ron Johnson ? stacy I will explain everything later . Brad nod , as stacy push the flower into he arm . int . damone's room - afternoon damone expertly fill two glass three - quarter full of kahlua , then add a few drop of milk . Music be play on a nearby speaker . damone hand the Rat a drink and check himself out in he mirror . damone see that moustache come in , Rat ? there be only a hint of peach fuzz , but he groom it anyway . damone ( cont 'd ) see ? you can almost press it out . damone turn around . his friend be preoccupy . the rat I be in love . damone take a sip of he drink , look at the Rat . damone you ... be a wuss . part wimp . part pussy . the rat what do you mean -- wuss ? this girl be my exact type . it 's she . definitely she . damone ( distract ) it 's definitely you mama . the rat damone , you gotta listen to I . damone quit putter around he room with the kahlua and milk . he grab a chair and straddle it . damone all right ... where do you see she ? the rat she 's in my biology class . damone do you get she number ? the rat no . damone do you get she name ? the rat no . it 's too soon . damone it 's never too soon ! Girls decide how far to let you go in the first five minute . the rat well , what do you want I to do ? go up to this strange girl in my biology class and say , ' hello ! I would like you to take you clothes off and jump on I ? ' damone ( thoughtfully ) I would . yeah . the rat really ? damone I can see it all now . this be go to be just like the girl you fall in love with at fotomat this summer . you buy forty buck of fuckin ' film and you never even talk to she . the rat ( woeful ) you tell I , Mike . what do I do ? damone okay . okay . ( sigh , but love it ) here 's what you do . damone get up , move to the door . damone ( cont 'd ) you start from the second you walk into biology . do not just walk ... move across the room . he saunter over to the chair . damone ( cont 'd ) do not talk to she . let she know . use you face . use you body . use everything . this be what I do . I just send out the vibe and I have personally find that ... girl do respond . something happen . the rat of course something happen . you put the vibe out to thirty million chick , you know something 's gonna happen . damone that 's the idea , Rat . that 's the attitude . the rat the attitude ? the attitude dictate that you do not care if she come , stay , lay or pray . whatever happen , you toe be still tappin' . when you be the cruelest and the coolest ... then you have the attitude . damone knock down the rest of he drink , and we ... dissolve to : int . carl be JR . kitchen - night we see Brad operate at full throttle in the kitchen , and take a moment to sneak a kiss with he girlfriend Lisa as she go to the front counter to open up a cash register . she allow he only one kiss . lisa be that flower really for I , Brad ? brad of course . lisa how much do they cost ? brad do not worry about it . she give he a kiss ... on the cheek . brad ( cont 'd ) let 's go to the Point tonight . she pull away . lisa what 's there to do at the Point ? Brad shift he weight , try to find the right word . brad what 's there to do at the Point ? God , Lisa , we have be go together almost two year , and ... lisa Brad . I do not want to have to use sex as a tool . brad tool ? tool for what ? we have be go together almost two year ! lisa I do not want to talk about it here , Brad . Brad prepare to respond . he squint he eye , prepare for a truly sizzling comeback , when Dennis Taylor , short and prematurely bald assistant manager of Carl 's Jr. , come bustling out of he back office . he quickly survey the situation in the kitchen . taylor Hamilton ! you have fifteen double cheese to box ! Lisa return to she cashier post , leave Brad 's last word stall in he mouth . ext . hamilton house - later that night we see the Hamilton 's cul - de- sac home . all the light be off in the house at this hour . except for Brad 's room . int . brad' room Brad be alone in he room . he 's prone on he neatly make bed , read a paperback book entitle power with class . on the wall of Brad 's room be a large frame photo of a Carl 's Jr. hamburger . Brad hear a muffle knock at he door . brad come on in . stacy walk into Brad 's room . stacy thanks for get rid of that flower . brad do not worry about it . who send the flower ? stacy it 's just some guy I meet at swenson' . you do not know he . brad I do not care it you tell I or not . I get problem of my own . he begin pace . stacy be everything okay at work ? brad be you kid ? work be great . I kill at work . I do not even mind Mom and dad make I pay rent . stacy you be go to break up with Lisa , be not you ? brad I have be do some think . it 's my last school year . I be a single , successful guy . I think I want my freedom . stacy why ? because she will not sleep with you ? brad where do you hear that ? stacy I be just guess . brad well ... it 's true . stacy maybe you just need to give she some time . she 's so nice , Brad . everybody love Lisa . brad everybody love Lisa . everybody love Lisa . but everybody do not have to be she boyfriend . suddenly , stacy pop the question . stacy hey , Brad . be you still a virgin ? brad why ? stacy I do not know . I be just curious . brad maybe yes . maybe no . stacy you be a virgin ! brad I do not say that . stacy but you face do ! they laugh . then Brad turn serious . brad be you still a virgin ? stacy maybe yes . maybe no . brad do not give I that shit ! I know you be still a virgin ! stacy smile and stand up . she playfully slap she brother on the arm and walk down the hallway to she room . we can see there be less frill and lace in stacy 's room . the junior high paperback be go . there be no doll in sight . ext . mall parking lot - night Linda and stacy walk past row of car . stacy stop at a brown mg . stacy there ... there 's he car . I know he 's at work tonight . he have not come into swenson 's since he call my house . my mother tell he I be still at high school , after I tell he I be nineteen . I guess I should tell he I be fifteen . linda do not you dare , you will never hear from he again . stacy do Doug care that you be seventeen ? linda Doug see beyond that stuff to what the person inside be like . that 's why I be marrying he . stacy if he ever call again I will say I be eighteen . linda Boy I be so glad to be through with all this game . they enter the mall . int . U.S. history CLASS - morning we be now several week into the school year . Mr. Hand be drop test papers on desk like they be piece of manure . mr. hand C ... D ... f... f... f... three week we have be talk about the Platt amendment . what be you people ? on dope ? a piece of legislation be introduce into Congress by Senator John Platt . it be pass in 1906 . this amendment to we constitution have a profound impact upon all of we daily liv .... Mr. Hand stop on a dime . he be like a champion hunt dog that have just pick up the scent . he scan the room . mr. hand ( cont 'd ) where be Jeff spicoli ? there be silence in the U.S. history classroom . mr. hand ( cont 'd ) I see he earlier today near the 200 Building bathroom . be he still on campus ? silence . mr. hand ( cont 'd ) anyone ? one student sit next to stacy raise he hand . mr. hand ( cont 'd ) yes , desmond ? desmond I see he by the food machine . mr. hand how long ago ? desmond just before class , sir ... Mr. Hand snap he finger , Hawaii five -o style . mr. hand okay . bring he in . desmond hustle out the door . mr. hand ( cont 'd ) what be this fascination with truancy ? what be it that get inside you head ? Mr. Hand begin to pace the aisle as he speak . occasionally , for emphasis , he bend down to lecture directly into the student ' face . mr. hand ( cont 'd ) there be other teacher in this school who look the other way at truant . ( point to attendance clip on the doorway ) it 's a little game that you both play . they pretend they do not see you , you pretend you do not ditch . who pay the price later ? you . desmond return to the room with a red-ey Jeff spicoli . spicoli hey ! wait a minute ! there 's no birthday party for I here ! mr. hand thank you , desmond . ( to spicoli ) what 's the reason for you truancy ? spicoli I could not make it in time . mr. hand ( in top form ) you mean , you could not ? or you would not ? spicoli I do not know , mon . the food line take forever . mr. hand food will be eat on you time ! ( pause ) why be you continuously late for this class , Mr. spicoli ? why do you shamelessly waste my time like this ? spicoli I do not know . Mr. Hand appear mesmerize . he then turn and head for the board . he write in long , large letter as he slam the chalk into the green board . he write : " I don't know " . mr. hand I like that . he stand back and admire it . he turn randomly to stacy . mr. hand ( cont 'd ) do not you like that , miss Hamilton ? stacy yes , sir . mr. hand I really like that too . ' I do not know ' ... that 's nice . ' Mr. Hand , will I pass this class ? ' ' gee , Mr. spicoli , I do not know ' . I like that . I think I be go to leave you word on this board for all my class to enjoy . give you full credit , of course , Mr. spicoli . we hear the blare of the dismissal bell . stacy and the other student get up to leave . spicoli stay in place . he have just figure out a truly bitchin ' comeback ... and he mouth be form the first word , when Mr. Hand cut he off . mr. hand ( cont 'd ) you can go now . Hand turn back to he desk . the rest of the student have already leave . spicoli 's audience be go . he shrug and lope out the door . int . ridgemont mall - afternoon it 's Christmas time at the ridgemont mall . all three tier be strung with neon light , and we hear the sound of the bell - ringing santas . int . swenson be - afternoon stacy and Linda be enjoy a brief lull in the Christmas season madness . they sit at the sundae bar . stacy look forlorn , almost red -ey , as she make a sundae . linda you have get to get use to work Christmas . people be always scream and yell ... then they get home and they be all christmasy . stacy I think Christmas bring out the worst in people . linda I guess ron have not call yet . stacy not since November . Linda nod she head , always the coach . linda stacy , it do not look good for the relationship . stacy continue make she ice cream , slapping the scoops onto the stainless steel dish . stacy ( sigh ) do not you think it mean anything to he . even if I be fifteen ? linda stacy . what do it matter ? he 's a stereo salesman . you want to marry he ? you want to have kid with he ? you want this guy to come home , fifty year old , and he 's still get that little Pacific stereo badge on ? come on . angle on gregg and cindy who be seat at a back table , feed each other . stacy look at she finish sundae . stacy I should quit this job . I be go to get so fat work here ... nobody will ever take I out . linda stacy . how many time do I have to tell you ? you be really go to be beautiful ... someday . stacy thanks a lot . Linda punch stacy lightly on the shoulder . linda hey -- ron Johnson ? it 's he loss . we follow stacy , as she walk into the dining room to serve the sundae . int . wherehouse record - mall - day we see a group of buzz - cut young tough , walk in formation , hunch over , sneering and wear sleeveless U.S. Army fatigue jacket . none of this damage - look kid be over the age of fourteen . they pass to reveal this legend on they back : lincoln surf nazis . angle on Mike damone and Mark ratner , who be stand by the upcoming concert list post on the door to wherehouse record . damone see the surf Nazis pass , turn to Mark ratner , who be still wear he cinema four jacket . damone the business be change , Rat . I will tell you , this kid today ... they do not even listen to aerosmith . the rat I hear they all dress like that at lincoln now . damone there use to be three or four of that guy . now we see them every time we come to the mall . damone be approach by a couple of young ticket customer . customer # 1 get any Blue oyster cult ticket ? damone no cult . I eat twenty - four pair of Blue oyster cult ticket last time around . I be this close to work at 7 - 11 . no cult . suddenly we see all ticket business stop . damone and he customer see someone menacingly come directly for they . the small crowd part as Charles jefferson , football duffel bag in hand , walk up . with he be a thick , tough , miniature version of himself . this be Little Charles . they both stop in front of damone . jefferson ( after long look ) when be Earth , wind and Fire come ? damone ( respectfully ) I be really not sure . I have not hear anything yet , but I will let you know the second there be the slight news , sir . jefferson I be take my little brother . damone excellent . so that will be two ticket ... all right . Fine , sir . jefferson and l.c. push past the customer . customer # 2 wow . he really life here . I think he just fly in for the football game . damone ( gain composure ) shit , he 's my man . he know where to come for ticket . damone turn to the Rat . damone ( cont 'd ) well , Rat . be you ready for the moment of truth ? the Rat adjust he jacket , and nod . the rat she be immune to my charm . they walk together towards swenson 's , as the Rat drape he aqua-blue cinema four jacket around he shoulder , like a french film director . damone walk a few step , then stop Rat . damone hey , Rat . the rat yeah ? damone Ace the jacket . the Rat consider the suggestion , get rid of the jacket . they continue towards swenson 's . ext . swenson be - day the Rat pull open the door to swenson' . he walk toward the counter to stacy Hamilton . stacy hi. May I help you ? the Rat feel the beginning of cold panic , but barge through nonetheless . the rat yes . I have two question . I be curious ... his voice become a shade deeper . he begin to pull the attitude together . the rat ( cont 'd ) what do you do with the jacket people leave here ? stacy ( smile ) we keep they . the rat you keep they . stacy we keep they , in case the people come back . she reach under the counter and pull out a cardboard box with some rumble jacket and other item . stacy ( cont 'd ) here they be . you can look through it , if you want . the Rat chuckle to himself , struggle with the attitude . the rat it 's cool . it would take too much time to go through all that stuff . I will just pick up a new one . stacy smile . he 's obviously awkward , and she like it . stacy what 's you other question ? the rat my other question be ... can - I - have your- phone-number -so-i - can-ask - you out -sometime ? to the Rat 's surprise , stacy continue smile . stacy do you have a pen ? this one 's out of ink . the rat oh ... yes . he pull one out of he jacket pocket , give it to she . stacy write she name and phone number on a scrap of paper and give it to he . the Rat look at the paper . the rat ( cont 'd ) stacy . Nice to meet you , stacy . my name be Mark ratner . he stick out he hand , and they shake . we see the Rat turn around and walk out of swenson 's . ext . swenson be - afternoon the Rat exit with ultimate cool . he see damone wait just off to the side , talk to some girl . the Rat nod , give he the thumb -up . damone return the gesture . all - attitude . ext . carl be JR . - morning Carl 's be happen tonight . there be lot of kid inside . we hear charge rock music -- " Girls get Rhythm " by ac / DC -- come from a radio in the back kitchen . int . carl be JR . bathroom - morning Inside the bathroom , Brad Hamilton apply the Carl 's scrub brush to a feel tip graffiti message near the mirror : I eat big hairy pussy . he pause and catch himself in the mirror . he adjust he hair . brad ( talk to mirror ) Lisa ? I have something to tell you . look , I be a senior now . I be a single , successful guy and I have get to be fair to myself . Lisa ... I think I need my freedom . Brad pause , look at the mirror soulfully . brad ( cont 'd ) aw , do not do that ... do not take it personally , okay ? please ? I know you would understand , because ... the bathroom door open -- it 's Arnold , the boy who Brad get a job . arnold Brad ! I know you be on you break , but would you cover I on register three ? Brad nod , exit : int . carl be JR . counter Brad stand at the register . we see a prominent display over Brad 's head : try our 100 % guaranteed breakfast . the last of many harry businessman customer get he breakfast order and take he seat . Brad be join by Dennis Taylor , the Assistant manager . dennis come on . clean that counter off Brad . let 's go . play ball . brad okay , Dennis . Brad begin polish the counter and Dennis Taylor return to he office at the back of the kitchen . Brad watch he disappear behind the door that say : assistant manager . as soon as Dennis disappear behind the door , the one businessman in the place rise and return to the counter . brad ( cont 'd ) ( nervously ) May I help you ? the businessman have short , curly brown hair . he speak in a whine . businessman yes . this be not the best breakfast I ever eat . the businessman point to the huge display over Brad 's head : try our 100 % guaranteed breakfast . businessman ( cont 'd ) and I want my money back . Brad begin search under the counter . brad well , I believe you have to fill out a form . there 's a pad right around here . businessman no . I want my money back right now . brad well , that 's not the way it work , really . and you eat most of you food already , too ... businessman see that sign ? it say 100 % money back guarantee . do you know the meaning of the word ' guarantee ' ? do they teach you that here ? give I my money back . Brad begin look to the restroom . " where 's Arnold ? " brad I can not do that . but if you wait a minute ... businessman ( as if talk to a kindergartner ) look . just put you little hand back in the cash register and give I my $ 2.75 back . okay ? ( look at name tag ) please , Brad ? brad I be sorry , sir . just let I find the form here . businessman I be so tired . I be so tired of deal with moron . how hard be it to ... Brad look up from under the counter . no amount of pay will make he take that kind of insult . brad mister , if you do not shut up , I be gonna kick 100 % of you ass . businessman manager !! " bam ! " the door to the Assistant manager 's office swing open , and Dennis come hurtle out of the back . dennis can I help you , sir ? be there a problem ? businessman you bet there 's a problem ! you employee use profanity and threaten I with violence ! I be shocked , frankly . I have eat here many time and I have always enjoy the service -- until today ! angle on bathroom door as it open and Arnold start towards the register . he quickly see the incident with the irate businessman and duck back inside the bathroom . businessman ( cont 'd ) all I want be my money back for this breakfast . it be a little undercook . and this young man threaten I . now I plan to write a letter ! I plan to ... Dennis wheel around to Brad . dennis do you threaten this man or use profanity in any way ? brad he insulted I first . he call I a moron . dennis do you threaten this customer or use profanity in any way ? brad yes , sir . dennis you be fire . Brad look around , expect he friend to defend he . Dave and Rich seem very occupy with they work . Brad be stunne . dennis ( cont 'd ) ( to businessman ) I be very sorry this happen to you , sir . businessman thank you very much . then Brad unhook he fryer 's apron and throw it on the counter . he grab a backpack and walk out of the place . on the way , he bang the bathroom door with he fist . brad I hope you have a hell of a piss , Arnold . dissolve to : int . brad be room - day he arrive back in he room and lock the door . he yank the burger picture off he wall , dump it into the trash . then he take it back out of the trash and crack the cardboard picture and plastic frame in half . darkness we be in the middle of a deep , dark void . after a moment , a pinprick of light appear in the distance . we head towards the light . we be be lead somewhere important . as we draw still closer , curtain suddenly part to reveal a wildly cheer studio audience . we hear the voice of merv griffin . merv griffin ( o.s. ) will you please give a warm welcome to ... Jeff spicoli ! the merv griffin show band begin play a merv griffin show version of ac / DC 's " highway to Hell " . someone hand Jeff spicoli a microphone . he work the studio audience into a frenzy as he sing the word to " highway to Hell " : merv griffin show style . spicoli ( sing ) ' layin ' lady ! drinkin ' wine ! you gotta dollar -- you be a friend of mine ! gettin ' loose ! feelin ' fine ! you and I -- it 's get down time ! we be on the highway to Hell ! the highway to Hell ! ' spicoli finish up with a spectular pump . the audience go wild as merv griffin greet he warmly , and guide spicoli to he seat . spicoli motion for the cheer to die down . griffin be obviously happy to see he . he touch spicoli 's arm lightly . griffin how have you be ? spicoli outrageous , merv. Nice to be here . I feel great . griffin I be go to say ... you eye look a little red . spicoli I have be swim , merv. the audience howl . it 's a famous spicoli line . spicoli ( cont 'd ) seriously , merv , everything be great . I be think about pick up some hash this weekend , maybe go up to the mountain . griffin ( concerned ) I want to talk a little bit about school , if I could ... spicoli school. ( sigh ) School be no problem . all you have to do be go to get the grade . and if you know something , all you have to do be go about half the time . griffin how often do you go ? spicoli I do not go at all . the audience be howling again . he be merv 's favorite guest . griffin I hear you bring a film clip with you . do you want to set it up for we ? spicoli well , it pretty much speak for itself . Peter , you want to run with it ? ext . a massive wave - day the film clip begin . it be a mammoth wave crest against the blue sky . spicoli ( v.o. ) merv , this be the action down at sunset Cliffs at about six in the morning . griffin ( v.o. ) fascinating . a tiny figure appear at the foot of the wave . griffin ( cont 'd ) who 's that ? spicoli that 's I , merv. the audience gasp . griffin ( v.o. ) be you go to ride that wave ? spicoli totally . we watch as spicoli catch the perfect wave , and it hurtle he through a turquoise tube of water . griffin what 's go through you mind right here , Jeff ? the danger of it all ? spicoli merv , I be think ... I have only get about four good hour of surfing leave before this little clown from junior high start show up with they boogie board . the audience be howling once again ... when suddenly we hear the loud noise of a door open , follow by a shrill voice . it be spicoli 's eight - year - old brother , curtis . Jeff spicoli 's dream of glory evaporate . int . spicoli be trailer home - morning it be a messy trailer , part of a trailer park by the sea . spicoli 's area be small , but he have make it he own . the wall be cover with poster , almost all of they naked centerfold . it be obvious spicoli 's parent be not welcome in he room . curtis dad say you have to get up ! spicoli ugh . he groan , start to struggle out of bed . spicoli ( cont 'd ) leave I alone ! curtis dad say you be late again , you butthole ! spicoli leave I alone . curtis dad say ! spicoli reach over to the floor next to he bed . he pull a snorkel from the mess , heave it at the door and he little brother . it bounce off the wall and do not even hit curtis , but the kid start cry anyway . curtis ( cont 'd ) daaaaaaaad ! Jeff throw a snorkel at I !!!!!! spicoli get out of bed , groan again , and kick the door shut . ext . ridgemont gymnasium celebrate the big game with rival lincoln High School . we see Jeff spicoli stumble from the direction of the parking lot . he head into the gym , which be already full for a mandatory assembly . int . gymnasium - doorway - day spicoli wander into the assembly , take a seat on a corner bleacher . he sit just below Brad Hamilton and Lisa . on podium in front of assembly , Cindy carr and another cheerleader , dina Phillips , be make a presentation before the school . cindy I just want to say that we be not ' Spirit bunny ' anymore . we always hate that name . it bugge the heck out of dina and I ... dina it 's just such a put down . cindy they do not call the chess Club ' checker champ ' or anything like that . we be go to go to everything this year , you guy . we be go to go to soccer , wrestle , basketball ... everything . we know you have get a lot of spirit ! everybody -- riiiiiight ? and we be gonna destroy lincoln next week ? riiiiiiight ? angle on the student of ridgemont they do not respond . angle on jeff spicoli who be asleep in the bleacher . angle on brad and lisa sit nearby . we hear they over the drine of the assembly . brad man , I do not even want to see that guy from Carl 's again . lisa if you would apologize I think Dennis would take you back . brad apologize to that wimp ? no way . fuck Dennis Taylor . they sit in silence for a moment . brad ( cont 'd ) I be just glad we be still together , Lisa , because I need you this year . lisa ( sigh ) look , Brad , I have be try to think of a way to tell you this . we be almost out of high school , this be we last year . I think we owe it to ourselves to be free , and meet some new people . then , if we get back together , we will know it 's the right thing . tight angle on brad' face as he accept the news . lisa ( o.s. ) ( cont 'd ) but I still want to be friend . tight angle on brad' face as it fall slack . int . gym - podium in front of assembly cindy we be go to be go to every game this year . we just want the crowd to participate and we want spirit from every little person in this entire school . allll -riiiight ? there be unenthusiastic , minor applause from the assemble student of ridgemont High . vice principal Ray connor , a tough -look man with a h.r. haldeman crew cut , approach the podium . he have a sour look on he face . connor well , thank you , girl . people , do not forget , the big game be one week away . we will see everybody back here on Monday and have a good weekend . for the first time during this assembly , there be a loud and hearty applause . a grainy high school film 57 we be suddenly watch a movie show on a class projection screen . we see footage of a serene , middle - class neighborhood -- as see through the glass windshield of a car . judge from the other vehicle park on the street , the film be from the early sixty . we hear the narrative voice of desi arnaz , speak in he inimitable Latin accent . arnaz driving ess a important part of each and every one of we da -ily life . ees a responsibility like no o-ther and ess a matter of life and ... a ball come roll out into the serene street . a small child run out after it . the drive of we vehicle brake , but not in time . the film freeze frame on the terrify face of a child about to be splatter . arnaz ( cont 'd ) death . there be a swell of dramatic music . arnaz ( cont 'd ) they have foun ' ... the brake Point . the word flash on the screen and we hear a high school Driver 's train class groan in mock horror . int . driver training CLASS - day angle on charle jefferson and brad hamilton who be seat in this class . angle on linda and stacy sit together in the class . they be oblivious , lose in conversation . stacy what do you think of that guy who work at the theatre ? you know , Mark ratner . linda oh , come on . what be he ? Fifteen ? stacy sixteen . Linda look nauseous . linda just watch out if he pull up in a van , and then put on a led Zeppelin tape . int . driver training CLASS the film return to another serene street scene as see through another front windshield . arnaz the driver here have have jus ' two drink . two drink at the home of a frie and . we hear the very - present sound of Driver 's train student . student # 1 he 's fuck - up , ricky ! student # 2 they guy a drunk , ricky ! arnaz and although this driver think he ees drivin ' well , he may be ' do okay , but he forget to per-ceive what ees real goin ' on ... in the film , another car come barrel from the leave , run a stop sign and explode into the side of the two-drink goner . in the class , the Driver 's train student be howling . ext . ridgemont mall - early evening the parking lot be full . kid and shopper stream through the entrance in group of all size . int . ridgemont mall all three level be teeming with kid . angle on the video pinball arcade where we see Jeff spicoli man the missile Command machine . spicoli wear a red bandana across he forehead . a cigarette dangle from he mouth . he be surround by a fleet of young surfer who listen to he with reverence . spicoli be noble . be aggressive . the thing about missile Command be to decimate before you can be decimate . just like in real life . the youngster hang on every word of the sage advice . angle on a gang of surf nazis walk in formation . angle on mike damone and MARK ratner walk the mall . damone check it out , Rat . the surf Nazis ... out for a Sunday stroll . damone and the Rat walk on . the Rat be barely interested . he appear deep in think . the rat what do I say after she get in the car ? damone , obviously in he element here at the mall , stop to flash a win smile at a well - build older housewife . damone no problem , Rat . what you need be my special five Point plan . as he talk , damone pass a country Farms shop . he pluck a free sample of cheese and sausage . the rat knock it off , damone . I need real help . damone what do you mean ? Men have die try to obtain this information . I will give it to you for free . the Rat and damone continue on . the rat okay . tell I . what 's the five Point plan ? damone all right . pay attention . the Rat nod , always the student , as they pass a wherehouse record store . damone stop right in front of a seductively pose life-size cardboard stand - up of Debbie Harry , the allure rock singer . damone begin he speech . damone ( cont 'd ) first of all , Rat ... never let on how much you like a girl . damone turn to the cardboard cutout of Debbie Harry to demonstrate . damone ( cont 'd ) ( disinterested ) oh. hi. ( turn back to the Rat ) ) two . always call the shot . he turn to Debbie Harry , who look on with a invite cardboard smile . damone ( cont 'd ) kiss I . ( to the Rat ) Three . Act like wherever you be , that 's the place to be . ( to Debbie Harry ; debonair ) ) be not this great ? ( to the Rat ) four . when order food , find out what she want and then order for both of you ... it 's a classy move . ( to Debbie Harry ; cary grant ) and the lady will have ... ( to the Rat ) five . and this be most important . when you get down to make out , whenever possible , put on the first side of led Zeppelin iv . ( to Debbie Harry ; seductive ) why do not you put this tape on ? it sound great in the back of my van ... why do not we listen from there ? angle on debbie harry with the same invite smile . damone ( cont 'd ) and that be how you talk to a girl , rat. voila . you can not miss . the rat I think I have get it . once I get go , I will be okay . but ... how do I get start ? I mean , I hardly know she . damone you wuss . it 's no problem . one person say something to the other and that 's how it start ... stand there in the front of the wherehouse , the Rat nod he head and smile . he 's finally beginning to understand , and we ... CUT to : ext . the rat be car - later that night we see the Rat behind the wheel of a green volvo . stacy sit beside he . they be drive the street of ridgemont . int . the rat' car this be it . the Big date . " led Zeppelin iv " be on the car stereo of he sister 's van . finally ... stacy thanks for come to get I . the rat sure thing . silence . ext . the rat' car he round the corner of luna Street , off the neon fast - food stand that be ridgemont drive . int . the rat' car yet another silence have fall . then , after a time ... stacy this be a nice car . the rat yeah . it 's my sister 's . silence . stacy do you have Mrs. George for English ? the rat yeah . she be pretty good . stacy yeah . she be pretty good . ext . atlantis restaurant - night they pull into the parking lot of a steak and lobster house call the atlantis . the rat joey at cinema four say this be a pretty good restaurant . stacy I have hear that , too . the Rat find a parking spot near the back of the lot , grateful that the long silence be over . he walk with stacy to the front of the atlantis . int . the atlantis - night the Rat and stacy be escort by the host to a nearby table . they be give large wooden menus . the rat do you know what you want ? stacy I think I will have the seafood salad special . the rat excellent . the Rat lean back in the booth . he be start to feel in control now . then something hit he . the panic sweep across he face . slowly , the Rat reach back to check he wallet . it 's go . stacy be you all right ? the rat ( weakly ) oh yeah . cool . cool be the name of the game . stay cool . the rat ( cont 'd ) do you mind if I excuse myself for a moment ? stacy not at all . just as the Rat be about to get up , the waitress approach the table . waitress be you ready to order here ? the rat well ... sure . ( settles back down ) she will have the seafood salad special . and I will have ... the same . waitress anything to drink ? the rat two coke . waitress okay . thanks . the Rat get back up again , look paler by the minute . he excuse himself and walk over to the pay phone by the atlantis toilet . the Rat dial a number . damone answer . int . damone's room - night he be sit in a chair , lean onto the back two leg , watch television . damone yo . the rat ( v.o. ) damone . it 's Mark . damone Mark . what happen to you date ? the rat it 's happen right now . I be here at the atlantis . everything 's fine except ... I leave my wallet at home . damone do you go home and get it ? the rat no . it 's too late . the food be come and everything . damone , I have get to ask you this favor , and I will never ask you for anything again in this lifetime or any other . will you please borrow you mom 's car , go by my house , get my wallet , and meet I back here ? there be silence . the rat ( cont 'd ) damone , be you there ? damone ( world - weary sigh ) I be really pretty busy ... angle on damone's television as we see the flicker image of leave it to beaver . damone ( cont 'd ) you owe I for this one . int . atlantis the Rat hang up , mildly relieved , and return to the table . dissolve to : int . stacy and the rat' table - a hour later the Rat and stacy have finish the meal , and desert . angle on the check as it sit in a little tray before the Rat . the waitress approach the table . it be clear she want to make room for other customer and bigger tip . waitress be you sure there 's nothing else I can bring you ? the rat I will have one more Coke ... do you want another Coke , stacy ? stacy ( quizzical ) ) sure. I will ... have another Coke . the rat two more coke . waitress ( sarcastic ) two ... more ... coke . angle on front door as Mike damone finally walk in . damone look over the diner , then feign great surprise when he see the Rat . damone hey , Mark . be that you ? the rat damone ! you come here ? damone I come for the seafood . it 's great ! hey ... you know what , Mark ? I find you wallet the other day . you want it back ? the rat wow . I have be look for that thing ! hey , damone , have you meet stacy Hamilton ? stacy , this be Mike damone . stacy smile politely , with the slight sparkle in she eye , as the waitress return with the two coke . damone well , I have gotta be run . the rat okay . see ya . angle on stacy look strangely at the proceedings . damone Nice to meet you , stacy . stacy Nice to meet you . damone leave . the Rat take a few quick gulp of Coke , and get up to pay the bill . as he move out of camera range , we see the strange look on the face of waitress and diner . int . the rat be car - late evening the Rat pull up to stacy 's house in the cul - de sac . he stare straight ahead , like a zombie . the rat I have a really nice time tonight . stacy I , too . I be real sorry someone break in and steal you tape deck . the Rat nod glumly . the rat I never think it would happen at the atlantis . jeez . stacy do you want to come inside ? the rat be not you parent asleep ? stacy no , they be away for the weekend . Brad and I be watch the house . the rat okay . sure . I will come in . we see a confuse but interested look on the Rat 's face . int . the hamilton house - evening they walk in the front door . the Rat stand uncomfortably in the doorway to the live room . the rat where 's you brother ? stacy I do not know . probably out . want something to drink ? the rat no . that 's okay . stacy well , I be go to change real quick . I hope you do not mind . the rat naw . I do not mind . stacy turn she back and pull up she hair . stacy will you unzip I ? angle on the rat' face as the wheel inside he mind start to spin . this can not be what it seem . he unzip stacy , past she bra , down to the small of she back . it 's the first time he 's ever do anything like that . stacy ( cont 'd ) thanks ! she walk down the hall to she room , ease out of she dress as she walk . she leave the door to she room open . stacy ( cont 'd ) you can come in , if you want ! angle on the rat' face he be completely unsure of himself , as he begin to walk down the hall . his heart pound into he throat . he turn the corner and step into stacy 's room . int . stacy room - night stacy stand there , look gorgeous in a almost seethrough white robe . the Rat pretend not to notice . the rat so ... pretty nice house you have get here . stacy thanks . so ... ( put hand on hip ) what do you want to do ? angle on the rat' face as he struggle with the memory of damone 's word . " always call the shot . " the rat I do not know . stacy do you want to see some picture ? I keep a lot of scrapbook and picture and stuff from junior high . how stupid , right ? the rat sure . stacy go to she closet , reach up to grab the book from the top shelf . the Rat watch she robe slip up she leg . then she sit down next to he . her knee graze he . it be almost too much for the Rat . go for it . we see the Rat struggle with the action of put he arm around she . he almost do , but then react as she say suddenly ... stacy this be I in the eighth grade . do you have Mr. deegan ? the rat ( look pain ) oh , yeah . I have Mr. deegan . her knee graze he again . do she expect something ? the rat ( cont 'd ) look , stacy , I want you to know that ... the Rat struggle . try as he might , he can not seem to cross the line . he can not make he move . he be woeful as he complete the sentence . the rat ( cont 'd ) ... I have get to go home . stacy do you really have to go ? the rat well ... it 's get kind of late . suddenly , the Rat be seize with ambition . he reach one hand around she right shoulder and plant the other hand directly on she leave breast . it look something like a wrestle hold . the Rat look at stacy . stacy look back at the Rat . the Rat be absolutely freeze . stacy I guess it be get late , Mark . she shrug he off , walk he to the door . ext . the hamilton home - night we see the Rat 's forlorn face as he trudge towards he car . he stop . he take a breath -- it be not that late , he really do not want to leave . the Rat turn and begin walk back up the Hamilton step . just as he do so , stacy 's bedroom light click off . it be too late . he kick at he car . the rat you blow it , asshole . behind he , recklessly speed towards ridgemont drive , be Charles jefferson 's blue mustang . ext . / int . the blue mustang - night Jeff spicoli be behind the wheel . sitting next to he be Little Charles , " l.c. " , jefferson 's young brother . they be smoking grass and hold lowenbrau beer in between they leg . the radio be blast the music of Rick James . l.c. hey , slow down . this be my brother 's car . spicoli I think he be out of town . l.c . he be . spicoli then do not hassle it . they speed off down ridgemont . l.c. see the new playboy ? spicoli naw . any good ? l.c. Suzanne somer ' tit . spicoli all right . l.c. I like sex . spicoli see something in the rearview mirror . spicoli hold you beer down , l.c. , I think it 's a cop . spicoli slow down . the car behind he slow down . spicoli ( cont 'd ) this be a cop . he 's definitely cruise I at busting distance . the high beam switch on behind spicoli . spicoli ( cont 'd ) what the fuck be this guy do ? the car behind spicoli then advance to the point where it be now almost touch the blue mustang . spicoli ( cont 'd ) what the fuck be this guy do ? l.c . this be not no cop . the mystery car bump they lightly from behind . l.c. ( cont 'd ) hey ! he 's gonna scratch my brother 's car ! the two boy start yell . High beam fill the mustang with bright light and ... ext ./ int . mustang and granada then mystery car pull back , then up alongside spicoli and l.c. on the leave . we hear the music on the radio of George thoroughgood 's " ride on , josephine " . spicoli it 's a bunch of jock in a granada ! l.c . they be fuckin ' with we . the driver of the two car eye each other . then the granada begin inching over , try to force spicoli off the road . l.c. ( cont 'd ) my brother 's car ! spicoli all right . die , granada jock ! spicoli gun ahead , in a real bullet move , and easily overtake the granada . spicoli be proud of himself . he check himself out in the rearview and turn to l.c . spicoli ( cont 'd ) would you roll you window up , l.c .? it 's mess my hair . spicoli pull way ahead of the granada , while l.c. roll he window up . spicoli look over to l.c. and smile wickedly . now spicoli want to show off . he push the pedal to the floor . l.c . we just miss the turnoff to the party . spicoli you know the thing I love about mustang ? the steering wheel . spicoli finger the bubbles in the wheel . spicoli ( cont 'd ) with a genuine mustang steering wheel , you can negotiate a hairpin turn with ease , my man . ext./ int . mustang on the word " ease " , spicoli curl he finger into one of the mustang steering wheel bubbles and whip it clockwise . the idea be to turn off onto a side street and head back to the party . but instead , at the moment of the hairpin turn , l.c. be attempt to switch the radio station . spicoli crook he finger farther into the bubble than he expect . the car swing in a complete circle , a circle that include a bright yellow fire hydrant . the hydrant rip the side of the car open like a can of tuna . there be a silent moment of terror . spicoli be you okay ? there be silence . outside the smashed car , the granada jock pass spicoli and l.c . granada jock fuck youuuuuuuuuu ! then l.c. stir and utter he first word . l.c . my brother be go to kill we . he 's gonna kill you and then he 's gonna kill I . he 's gonna kill we . spicoli just be glad you be all right . l.c . my brother be gonna shit . spicoli make up you mind . be he gonna shit , or be he gonna kill we ? l.c . first he 's gonna shit . and then he 's gonna kill we .. spicoli will you just relax , mon ? he 's not gonna kill we . my father be a television repairman . he 's get all kind of tool . I can fix - this car . l.c . you can not fix this car , spicoli . angle on the blue mustang waffle and mangle . it be just inch away from scrap iron . spicoli I can fix it . montage of shot as we see ridgemont High gear up for its big homecome game against lincoln . we see a series of shot of kid talk about it , wagering on the chance of a ridgemont victory . we see the many sign and placard all over school , proclaim ridgemont revenge . we see student lining up to vote for homecome King and Queen in the gymnasium . it be the most spirit that ridgemont have show this year . dissolve to : ext . ridgemont school - flagpole - day from the back of the parking lot , we see a crowd around the flagpole . a group of kid be stare at something . they sadly shake they head at the sight , as if they be witness a funeral . as we draw closer , we see the center of commotion . it be a ugly sight . someone have wreck Charles jefferson 's Blue Scholarship mustang and weld it to the flagpole . spray-paint on the side be the message : lincoln surf punk rule . ext . ridgemont bleacher - night the ridgemont football bleacher be full of cheer student . we see the same basic group from lunch court , and many more . the cheerleader be on the field -- Cindy carr , dina Phillips and company -- and they cheerleader " husband " sit directly in front of they in the stand . Linda and stacy sit in the bleacher with some of the swenson 's girl . the Rat and damone sit several row above they , watch . the teacher sit together in another section . angle on brad hamilton who be again sit alone in the bleacher . watch . several old lunch court friend pass by , on they way to the concession area . student # 1 hey , Brad ! how 's go ? brad all right . student # 2 where you work ? brad Fish and chip place . student # 1 which one ? brad just a fish and chip place . Brad say nothing more . the student look at each other . student we will be see you , Brad ! brad ( sullen ) later . ext . football field - the game - night everyone be cheer the amazing game on the field . Charles jefferson be poise on the offensive line . he mutter a string of obscenity at the oppose lincoln player . the ball be snap , and Charles jefferson come directly at the player with both elbow up and angle to hit inside he helmet . the lincoln player be hit and keel over . Charles jefferson set up for another play . the ball be snap . ka-boom . down fall another lincoln player . jefferson do not know who it be who wreck he mustang , but he be not about to spare any of they . there be pure madness in he eye . it have take he over . the ridgemont point rack up . jefferson be single handedly maim lincoln for homecome . ext . ridgemont bleacher - night we see Jeff spicoli and l.c. sit calmly in the bleacher , watch . spicoli I think we may have get away clean . ext . field and scoreboard the half - time gun fire and the score be 36 - 7 ... ridgemont . even the ridgemont player steer clear of Charles jefferson as they return to they locker room . ext . the hamilton pool - hot afternoon - several week later Linda and stacy be sit by the pool , dress in string tie bathing suit . they be listen to the music of Tom petty 's " breakdown " play on the live room stereo . Linda luxuriously apply suntan lotion to she chest and leg , in long and writhe stroke . stacy read a book . it 's call total orgasm . several beat pass . linda I send a letter to Doug today . I will be so glad when he get out here . stacy ( engross in book ) you really ought to look at this , Linda . there 's a draw on every page ... and all this quizze . it 's like school . linda why do not you put you mother 's secret book back ? Linda continue regally apply lotion . stacy listen to this ... ' what be you mate 's three most erogenous zone ? ' linda ( automatic ) okay , penis , that 's one , ball ... stacy would not penis and ball be the same category ? linda you be right . probably penis , mouth and neck . stacy all right ! here 's another one . ' the most satisfactory lovemake occur when you mate climax first , you climax first , you and you mate climax together ? ' linda climax together . stacy do that ever happen ? linda no . but it 's a nice idea . stacy listen to this ... it say ' most woman derive pleasure from sex , but they do not have real orgasm . ' Linda stop apply lotion , consider that think . linda well ... they obviously do not know about Doug . they laugh . Linda resume apply the lotion . stacy continue read the book . a couple of beat pass . stacy how long do Doug take ? linda I do not know . thirty to forty minute . stacy ( pause ) what 's Doug do in Chicago ? linda he work for the airline . he will be out here . you will meet he . stacy look at Linda , almost disbely . linda ( cont 'd ) ( wistful ) he 's no high school boy . there be a noise by the side fence lead into the hamilton ' backyard . it be Mark ratner and Mike damone . they be already wear swimsuit . damone hey ! we come over to help you with math homework ! stacy oh , really ? the rat really . we figure you need the help . on such a hot day . stacy quickly stashes the book in a stack of towel beside she . she lean over to Linda and speak confidentially . stacy what do you think ? linda I think they be both virgin . stacy smile , get up and go over to the fence . stacy I do not ask for any help . do you , Linda ? linda no. damone well , that 's exactly why I bring some wisk for the jacuzzi . stacy o-kay , you guy can come swim . but you have to leave as soon as my Mom get home . okay ? ext . hamilton pool Mike damone yell " banzai ! " and dive into the small pool . at one end of the pool be the jacuzzi , which be separate by a tile wall . damone have already pour the wisk into the jacuzzi , and the detergent have create a huge bubble bath effect . damone surface and flip into the jacuzzi . stacy , look great in a green bikini , sit kick she leg by the side of the pool . Linda stand on the board . she be poise to dive . the Rat tread water and stare at both girl . Inside the Hamilton live room , the family stereo play the music of deep purple 's " woman from Tokyo " . damone hey , Linda ! I will judge you dive . I be a champion diver myself . Brad arrive home by the side gate and slam it behind he . he be home from a bad day at work . he walk out onto the patio and stand with he hand on he hip . for the first time , we former campus hero look absurd . he be still in he uniform from Captain kidd Fish and chip -- it be a blue and white stripe Pirates of the Caribbean outfit , complete with black plastic sword at the side , and a ridiculously large Ponce de leon-esque hat . Brad carry the hat under he arm . brad do Mom know you have company ? stacy it 's just Linda . and Mark from school . Brad ignore the underclassmen , and notice Linda on the board in she maroon bikini . he smile . brad hi , Linda . linda hi , Brad . brad well , you guy , keep it down . I have get some work to do upstairs . Brad turn and head back inside . he be just out of earshot when they begin talk about he . linda God , he hardly even talk anymore . stacy I know . he hate to have to wear uniform . damone poor guy . the rat really . stacy break the spell by jump into the water , surfacing , and flipping over the tile wall into the jacuzzi . she sit next to damone , look mischievous . angle on damone and stacy in the jacuzzi talk while the other be at the other end of the pool . angle on the rat casually catch sight of they together from the other side of the pool . we can read the emotion on the Rat 's face . he be still take with stacy , but he big moment for she appear to have pass . angle on damone and stacy in the jacuzzi as they talk . underneath the water , she leg accidentally knock against he . then he feel she continue . damone feel stacy 's cool hand on he inner thigh . move upwards , stop just short of the bulge in he trunk . angle on damone's face as it loosen and quiver just the slight bit . this be unchart territory , even for Mr. attitude . angle on linda who be now sun herself by the side of the pool . she rub she leg against each other , slowly , enjoy the hot afternoon . ext . brad' window - angle on brad who be watch Linda from the window in he room . we see he from behind , peek out the curtain . ext . pool - angle on linda who smile at damone and flip back into the pool with a splash . damone steal a look down at he swimsuit . he 's pop a big one . the rat why do not you get up and do a dive , Mike ? linda go ahead . angle on damone's face and we know he can not get out of the water yet . damone no . I do not think so . not right now . the rat Chicken ! Linda , for one , lose interest quickly . stand by the side of the pool , she jam a finger in she ear and wiggle it . linda stacy ! I have get water in my ear . do you have any q-tip ? stacy God , I do not think so . better look in the house . Linda towel off and head back inside the Hamilton house . she know how to walk . int . brad' bedroom and bathroom - afternoon we see Brad 's room . the Carl 's burger picture on the wall be conspicuously miss . there be music play from he stereo -- pink floyd 's " you and I " . we see Brad . he be kneel on the bathroom floor , he back to we . his green T-shirt be on , he underwear in a pile on the floor behind he . his arm be pump slowly . Brad be jack off . dissolve to : ext . hamilton pool - brad' daydream it feature Linda Barrett , just as she stand on the diving board a moment ago . she be gorgeous . her breast seem even bigger than usual . her nipple be hard , poke through the film maroon string bikini . Water roll slowly down she cheek , into the corner of she mouth . her lip be parte slightly . her eye be fill with desire as she say ... linda hi , brad. ( pause ) you know how cute I always think you be . I think you be so sexy . will you come to I ? angle on brad in daydream in a nice shirt , he hair comb back and look great . he walk to Linda . she reach out and grab he for a kiss , pull he close . then she push he away , so he can watch as she carefully unstrap the top of she bathing suit . the incredible Linda Barrett 's breast fall loose . she take Brad 's hand and place they on she , as she begin unbuttone he shirt . they be just about to fall into passionate lovemake when we hear ... linda ( o.s. ) ( cont 'd ) hey , Brad ! do you have any q- ti ... the daydream evaporate and we see real life again with a ... int . brad' bathroom - angle on linda' face in the doorway of Brad 's bathroom as she watch the sight before she . angle on brad try to cover himself and act nonchalant and keep he back turn at the same time . the word barely escape he mouth . brad wait just a ... minute . linda sorry . I do not know anybody be in here . Linda turn and go immediately , as if she want to forget what she see as quickly as possible . she close the door behind she . angle on brad still kneel . it have all happen so quickly , so fast brad do not anybody fuckin ' knock anymore ? he slam the toilet seat down and we ... CUT to : int . U.S. history CLASS - day the third attendance bell ring , and Mr. Hand stride to the front of the class . he lock the door . then he take the front of the class and notice something very different . angle on jeff spicoli bright and clear-ey , sit in the front row . his hand be clasped in front of he on the desk . his textbook be open to the proper page . Mr. Hand be suspicious , but continue with class . mr. hand now in 1898 , Spain own Cuba . outright . think about it . Cuba , own by a disorganize parliament 4000 mile away . cuban be in a constant state of revolt . Mr. Hand begin pace the aisle as he talk . mr. hand ( cont 'd ) in 1904 , the United States decide to throw a little weight around , and ... there be a brief , sharp knock at the door . Mr. Hand whip he head around , like mcgarrett . he approach the door like a cat . mr. hand ( cont 'd ) ( sweet voice ) who be it ? voice Mr. pizza . mr. hand again ? voice Mr. pizza , sir ! Hand swing the door open , out of curiosity . in walk a young man in a Mr. pizza delivery shirt . pizza man okay , who have the double cheese sausage and bologna ? Jeff spicoli speak up . spicoli that 's I . the Delivery man take the pizza , set it on the desk , as spicoli whip out some crumpled dollar . then he produce yet another crumpled dollar , and press it into the Delivery man 's hand . spicoli ( cont 'd ) for you , my man . the Delivery man thanks he warmly , just as Mr. Hand rage into the picture . mr. hand be I hallucinate here ? just what in the hell do you think you be do ? spicoli learn about Cuba . have some food . mr. hand Mr. spicoli , you be on dangerous ground here . you be cause a major disturbance in my class and on my time . spicoli ( cool and urbane ) I have be think about this , Mr. Hand . if I be here ... and you be here ... do not that make it we time ? Mr. Hand be so furious he 's almost shaking . spicoli ( cont 'd ) so I think I would order we a pizza . just leave I a lot of bologna ... Mr. Hand snatch up the pizza , and start to throw it in the wastebasket . then he think better , and head for the door . he open it just as a gang of young stoner walk past . stoner # 1 there 's the pizza . stoner # 2 totally ! Mr. Hand push the pizza into they hand and slam the door . spicoli you better save some for I , you swine ! mr. hand and you , my friend . I will see you for a two -hour detention every afternoon this week . spicoli ease back in he chair , shrug . it be a good idea at the time . int . captain kidd fish and chip - day Brad Hamilton , look terribly uncomfortable in he Ponce de Leon hat and buccaneer uniform . he ring up a order for a older customer . customer why be not you in school , son ? brad I go to school in the morning . I have a work study program for the afternoon . he bag one final coffee and punch up the amount . brad $ 8.46 , please . customer here you go . I have it exactly . ( set money down ) good luck ! brad thank you , and thanks for come to Captain kidd . Brad loosen he buccaneer scarf , and start back towards the kitchen . he be stop by the sudden appearance of Captain kidd Assistant manager , harold . harold Hamilton ! I will take over the fryer . that boy at IBM need some catch of - the - Day box , and I tell they you would personally deliver they within the hour . I will reimburse you for gas . Brad dutifully unhook he apron , to reveal the bottom half of he pirate suit . brad just write I out a bill . while harold lean down to tally up the fish order , Brad go to a nearby employee 's closet . he have completely perfect the art of change back into he street clothes , and it take less than a minute . he be just about to finish buttone he street shirt when harold see he . harold Hamilton , come over here . what be that you have get on ? brad this be how I dress all the time . harold but you take off you Captain kidd uniform . brad I think I would take it off for the drive over to IBM . it 's kind of uncomfortable . harold can barely fathom the idea . harold come on , Hamilton . you be go over there to represent Captain kidd Fish and chip . we have store all over Southern California . part of we image , part of we appeal be in we uniform . you know that ! brad you really want I to put all this stuff back on ? harold yes . I think so . show some pride , Hamilton . angle on brad as he stand there , stoic look . brad I do not believe you be ask I to do this , but okay . he begin take off he street shirt . he look at harold , look at the box , and return to the closet . int . the cruising vessel Brad be drive down the freeway , listen to the music of Bruce springsteen 's " out in the street . " he pries open one of the fourteen catch -of - the - Day box on the seat next to he and pull out a small piece of fry fish . Brad take a bite . the look on he face say it be the worst piece of shit he have ever taste . he throw the piece out the window , and drive on . Brad turn to see a girl smile at he from another car . it make he afternoon . he return the smile with gusto . angle on the girl as she burst out laugh and drive away . angle on brad look perplex . then he realize that he have not take he Ponce de Leon hat off . Brad drive on . a series of angle on brad' car as we see the cruise vessel move down the highway . we see the Captain kidd hat go fly out the window . then the plastic sword , and the scarf . then a couple box of Captain kidd fish . then the rest of they . we see Brad rip past the IBM Building . dissolve to : ext . ridgemont high school - afternoon School be out and kid be leave campus , head for the parking lot and bus stop . we see Mike damone carry some book , walk towards ridgemont drive . he be join by stacy Hamilton , who hurry to catch up to he . stacy I can not wait until I can drive next year . I walk every day . it 's such a drag . damone get a ride with somebody . stacy sometimes I get a ride with my brother . but he usually work in the morning , and then drive to school himself . damone what a guy . damone turn to she after a moment , all attitude . damone ( cont 'd ) you know Mark ratner really like you . you like he ? stacy Mark be a really nice boy ... stacy walk along , then stop and look at damone . stacy ( cont 'd ) but I think I like you . they turn the corner . ext . hamilton home they have arrive at stacy 's house . there be no car park out front . no one be home . stacy do you want to come in for a second ? the attitude start to weaken . after a long pause , damone respond . damone do you have any ice tea ? stacy sure . come on in . stacy unlock she front door , they go inside . int . hamilton kitchen damone stand in the white linoleum Hamilton kitchen . stacy open the refrigerator door . stacy I guess the annual be come in pretty soon . be you go to get one ? damone I do not know . stacy be not you curious to see how you class picture turn out ? damone I know what I look like . stacy place a glass of ice tea in front of he . they be all alone in the house . stacy do you want to take a quick swim ? damone well ... stacy Brad probably have some trunk you can borrow ... I be go to my room to change ! damone stare straight ahead . she 's go to she room to change . stacy scoot down the hall toward she bedroom . damone this be great ice tea ! int . stacy room - angle on stacy in her room in the middle of change , she have catch she own reflection in the mirror . she pause a moment , look at the young girl look back . int . kitchen - angle on damone in the kitchen he continue stare straight ahead . stacy ( from other room ) you do not have to shout ! you can come back here to my room ! damone do not move . he pretend he do not hear . a moment later , stacy come bound back down the hall in she green bikini . she grab damone by the arm . stacy come with I ! I know there 's a suit in the change room ! she pull he away . int . the changing room they enter the wood - panell change room next to the Hamilton pool . there be two swimsuit hang from wooden peg . stacy pick a suit . damone I do not know . it 's get pretty late ... she lock the door to the change room and begin to walk towards Mike damone . stacy be you really a virgin ? damone come on ... he could feel he leg start to shake the slight bit . stacy it 's okay if it 's you first time . she give he a kiss . damone listen . I feel pretty strange here . because Mark really like you , and he 's my friend . stacy he 's my friend , too . she give he another kiss . he kiss she in return . stand there , feel stacy in she bikini , feel she kiss he , damone also feel some of he reservation slip away . damone you be a really good kisser . stacy so be you . ( pause ) be you shaking ? damone ( shaking ) no . be you crazy ? it be clear that this be as far as Mr. attitude have ever get with a girl . stacy take the initiative , rub she hand through he hair , rub he side , kissing he neck , then pull away . stacy ( whisper ) why do not you take off you clothes , Mike ? damone you first . stacy how about both of we at the same time ? damone nod , and watch as stacy unhook she top and step out of she bikini bottom . she stand naked in the shadow of the afternoon sun . she sit down naked on a red change room couch , and gather she leg up to she chest . she watch as damone struggle with he clothes . angle on damone hopping on one leg , pull first out of he pants , then he jockey underwear . bashfully , he go to sit next to stacy on the couch . they begin to kiss , and it quickly escalate into heavy petting . stacy pull away . stacy I want you to know that it 's you final decision if we should continue or not . damone let 's continue . stacy lean back and pull he on top of she . he enter she and begin pump so hard , so fast , that he do not notice he 's bang the sofa into the wall of the change room . but just as quickly as damone start , he stop . stacy ( whisper ) hey , Mike ? damone what ? be you all right ? stacy I think we be make a lot of noise . damone I be sorry . I be really sorry . he have a strange look on he face . stacy what 's wrong ? damone I think I come . do not you feel it ? stacy I guess I do . they lay there , damone still on top of she on the red couch . angle on damone as we read the confusion on he face . he be embarrassed , a little confuse ... mostly he just want to be alone . damone I have get to get home . I have really get to go , stacy . angle on stacy as she look up at he . she give he a kiss . damone get up put he pants and shirt on . he leave the change room . dissolve to : int . biology CLASS - afternoon we see stacy sit at she usual seat , and she 's wear a bright spring dress with a slight amount of makeup . she look at damone 's seat with anticipation , but it remain empty as other student file in . finally , she turn to the Rat . stacy where 's Mike today ? the rat today 's April 16th . damone never come to school on April 16th . stacy what 's April 16th ? the rat it 's John bonham 's birthday . stacy John bonham ? the rat John bonham . the drummer for led Zeppelin . he die a couple year ago . every birthday he stay home and play everything John bonham ever record . it 's like he own holiday . stacy oh. I see . the bell ring , and Mr. vargas enter the room with he sanka cup . int . college counselor' office - afternoon seat at the desk be Mrs. O'Rourke . there be a knock at the door . the door swing open . Brad Hamilton hold out he yellow slip . mrs . o'rourke have a seat , Brad ... Brad have you get you list of college application ? brad well , to tell you the truth Mrs. O'Rourke , I have kind of be put it off . I be not sure what I want to do yet . mrs . o'rourke ( by rote ) all right Brad . let I ask you like this . if I be queen of the world , and I could make you whatever you want to be , what would it be ? brad I do not know ... burt reynold . there be no humor on Mrs. O'Rourke 's face . mrs . o'rourke I realize it 's important to have fun in you senior year , with you friend , but there come a time when you have to get serious about you future , think about college , and put aside all this fun . Brad look up suddenly . brad you know what , Mrs. O'Rourke ? I break up with my girlfriend this year . I lose my job at Carl 's , and two other place . I wake up at 5:30 to work at 7 - 11 , then I go to school , then I go back to 7 - 11 . I have to pay rent , you know . my grade have not be that bad , and now you be tell I that the fun be over . well , I be still wait for the fun to start . mrs . o'rourke Brad , I will see you when I be through with the rest of the senior . if you want to visit the career office , go right ahead . I will talk to you when you be more prepare . Brad gather he book and open the door to leave . mrs . oirourke next ! a absolutely exuberant Cindy carr pop she head in the door . cindy hi-yeeeeeeee !!! dissolve to : ext . ridgemont hallway - morning the bell have just rung , and Mike damone come out of youth and Law class . he have a absorb , drive look on he face . he walk past the row of locker , and do not even notice as he pass stacy Hamilton stand by she locker . she smile , grab he arm affectionately . stacy hi Mike ! damone turn to see she , be thoroughly unimpress . damone oh. hi. stacy I do not see you this morning . damone look , I be kind of in a hurry . stacy I be in a hurry too . I just think I could say hi to you . damone hello . he pull away , leave a bewilder stacy stand by she locker . she grab some book and hurry in the other direction . ext . school bus - day the bus pull up to the front entrance of University Hospital . the student file out and collect next to the front door . Mr. vargas gleefully address the class . this be he favorite field trip . mr. vargas today we be go to explore how this hospital work to preserve human life . we will be visit every floor , every level where this fine doctor and nurse take care of we , in life ... and in death . int . maternity ward the class exit from a hospital elevator , onto another floor . they be now stand outside the maternity ward . we hear the loud noise of baby . mr. vargas over thirty child be deliver here each day ... the class move on . int . the bottom floor the class exit another hospital elevator . mr. vargas this be part of you third quarter exam , and I would advise you to take careful note on what we be about to see . angle on dr . miller a young intern who have join the class for the last part of they tour . mr. vargas May I just ask you one last time to conduct yourselves with the utmost maturity ... the kid be beginning to get very nervous now as they be lead down the hall to the " cold room . " the door to the " cold room " have only one sign on it . it read : cadaver -- medical examination only . Mr. vargas open the door , and the class seem to gasp . int . the cold room there be six examination table in the " cold room " . each of they contain a cadaver cover by a white sheet . Mr. vargas have gather the class around one table in particular . he finger the edge of the white sheet as he talk . mr. vargas as you know , all the body in this room be recently decease human bio-structure . a student raise he hand . mr. vargas yes , Randy ? randy who be this guy ? mr. vargas most of they be derelict , Randy . they sell the right for medical examination of they body for money . something like thirty dollar , I believe . be not that right , Doctor Miller ? dr . miller twenty - five dollar . angle on jeff spicoli who turn to stacy . spicoli twenty - five buck be pretty good . mr. vargas now this gentleman here be name Arthur . Arthur die from heart failure last week and we be fortunate enough to view he body in its pristine state . Mr. vargas suddenly pull the white sheet aside and we see the body of Arthur . the student ' eye widen . some gasp . other cover they mouth . other begin furious note . nobody speak . the body of Arthur be smallish and withere . it be orange , flaky , and not quite real look . a deep cut have be make in Arthur 's chest . Mr. vargas bend Arthur upright for a better student view . he gesture to the deep cut make in Arthur 's chest . the tension mount . mr. vargas ( cont 'd ) this incision allow we to pull aside the skin cover of the chest cavity and really observe the human organ as they exist in they natural state . angle on arthur and he shrunken face , which seem to say please do not . mr. vargas ( cont 'd ) I want all of you to take a look at the chest cavity for just a moment . Mr. vargas grab the two side of Arthur 's chest cavity cover , and rip it open . mr. vargas ( cont 'd ) here we have the human lung and heart , which you can see be actually locate in the center of you chest . with a squish , Mr. vargas reach inside Arthur and pull out the human heart for display . the class stand in silent shock . only one comment escape from any of they . spicoli bitchin ' . angle on stacy hamilton who go run out of the " cold room " , hold she mouth . the Rat run after she . int . bottom floor hall Rat and stacy sit side - by-side on some orange plastic chair , by a nurse 's desk . stacy be shook up . stacy I make a fool of myself . the rat nobody notice . do not worry about it . we will just stay out here until everyone come out , we will blend back in . stacy what about the note ? the rat I will get you the note . she squeeze he arm . ext . hospital - afternoon the student file out of the hospital , look like they have just be through a war . int . linda' bedroom - night it be night , and Linda and stacy be watch fantasy Island . montalban you see , tatoo , what this man do not realize be that he must one day leave fantasy Island . and he must continue he life as a incurable leper . stacy be fight back tear . Linda look angry . telephone ring . Linda jump to get it . linda hello . Linda obviously be disappointed when she hear a female voice . linda ( cont 'd ) yeah ... you be kid ... what do he say ... what do you say ... how much do it cost ? look , tell he he can have a relationship with you or a ' more open ' relationship with someone else ... listen , Debbie , can I call you later . I be wait for Doug to call . she plop back on the couch with stacy . linda ( cont 'd ) I will bet he forget to call again . she notice that stacy be cry over the tv show . linda ( cont 'd ) God , stacy , it 's not that sad . it 's just David soul and ricardo montalban . stacy I do not know , I be just so depressed . everything be just so ... depress . Linda shut off the television . linda you have be act very strange the last few week . stacy I do not know ... I just do not feel right . Linda sit down next to stacy on the bed . linda what do you think it be ? stacy what do you think it be ? linda it could not be . stacy it could be . I have a pregnancy test at the clinic . I will find out Monday . I guess it be damone . linda of course it be damone . if it be ron Johnson , you would be out to here ! stacy I be not go to tell he . he 's a asshole . I hate he . linda but it cost money to have a abortion . even at the free Clinic . you tell damone to pay for it . it 's the least he can do . it 's the guy 's responsibility too . she put the tv back on and they watch . stacy you know , there 's one thing you do not tell I about guy . linda what ? stacy you do not tell I that they can be so nice , so great ... but then you sleep with they and they start act like they be five year old . linda you be right . I do not tell you that . ext . football field - two day later stacy Hamilton be walk towards Mike damone on the football field . we see he from a distance , timing track runner . damone what 's go on ? stacy Mike , there 's something that 's be on my mind and I have to tell you about it . damone what ? now ? he click off the time on a runner , and then turn to face she . damone ( cont 'd ) why do not you call I up tonight ? stacy Mike . I want you to know that I be pregnant . angle on stacy as she look down . they be word she never think she would be speak . damone how do you know it 's mine ? we only do it once . stacy I know it 's yours . angle on damone as he realize she be sincere , and he truly begin to panic . damone you make I do it ! you lock the door . you make I do it ! you want it more than I ! angle on stacy she do not flinch . stacy take that back . damone all right , I take it back . angle on damone he hug he arm tighter across he chest , and decide to try a more mature tact . damone ( cont 'd ) there 's only one thing we can do . we have get to get rid of it . we have get to get a abortion . stacy we have get to get a abortion ? damone yeah . my brother Art get he girlfriend one once . stacy it 's already plan , Mike . it 's go to cost $ 150 at the free Clinic . damone do not sound free to I . ( pause ) so you want I to pay for it ? stacy half . okay ? ( bite back tear ) seventy - five dollar . and a ride to the clinic . damone seventy - five dollar , and a ride . okay . stacy stand there , hand fold , nodd . dissolve to : int . damone's room - afternoon he be work at he desk , count through a wad of money . angle on the list in front of he , which have a split line down the middle . people who owe I -- fifteen dollar Rick . people I owe - seventy - five dollar reo speedwagon ticket , seventy - five dollar abortion . damone count fifteen dollar into he stack , cross out Rick . then he count through the money . seventy five dollar exactly . he cross out reo speedwagon ticket . this leave he no money for the abortion . ext . STREET corner - afternoon here , at the same corner where she once wait for ron Johnson , stacy wait for damone . Cars pass , no damone . int . hamilton house - afternoon stacy be on the phone , call damone . we see the phone message sheet that list two call for stacy , and none for Brad . the line ring four time , then it 's answer . female voice hello ? stacy hello ... be Mike there ? female voice hold on . stacy sag , disbely , and look at the clock on the kitchen wall . it 's get late ... female voice ( cont 'd ) he say he 's help he father in the garage and he will call you back . stacy be stunne . female voice ( cont 'd ) hello ? stacy hang up . she punch out another number , quickly . mrs . barrett ( v.o. ) hello ? stacy hi , Mrs. Barrett . be Linda there ? mrs . barrett ( v.o. ) she go off to the beach . she will be back later , though . stacy okay . thanks . she look at the clock again , then hear a noise in the driveway . stacy ( cont 'd ) Brad ! hey , wait a second ! she run out . ext . cruising vessel - afternoon Brad and stacy pull up next to the flea market . stacy yeah . this be it . I have some shopping to do . brad see you later . stacy thanks a lot , Brad . I really appreciate it . she get out of the car . ext . flea market stacy Hamilton watch she brother drive away . then she look to both side , and walk on . she pass the entrance to the flea market . she walk around the corner to another building mark birth control - free clinic . Brad follow she in the rearview mirror . int . birth control clinic stacy be lie in bed wear a paper dress . her hair be stuff in paper shower cap . she look anxious . in a bed next to she a older girl be be affectionate with she visit boyfriend . a nurse come in with a iv . nurse this be go to prick a little . she stick the needle into stacy 's hand . stacy look pain but do not yell . the nurse pat the roll bed . nurse ( cont 'd ) now scoot over here . stacy move onto it . look up from she point of view , we see the ride out of the room and into : int . operating room stacy get wheeled in . the Doctor look down at she . doctor hello , stacy , I be Doctor bartell . stacy move onto the operate table as the nurse and Doctor get ready . doctor ( cont 'd ) any question before we begin ? stacy this be go to hurt , be not it ? doctor we will use a local but you will feel some pressure . it do not last that long . stacy do it hurt more to have a baby ? the Doctor pause and consider she question . doctor yes ... but I think you mind it less . stacy look up at the light and listen to the sound of suction tube . int . b.c. waiting area the other girl and stacy sit at a table eat toast and jelly . the girl be read . the nurse enter . nurse how be we do in here ? Debbie , ready to leave ? the girl nod and get up . nurse ( cont 'd ) right through here . stacy , I can not let you go unless you have a ride home . stacy uh , my boyfriend say hold be wait downstairs . the nurse study she , decide she 's tell the truth and allow she to leave . ext . entrance to the free clinic stacy walk back out into the sunlight , slowly and weakly . she be surprised and amaze at who she see stand outside , wait for she . angle on brad hamilton he stand , hand on hip , just outside the door . stacy Brad ! he put a arm around she and lead she toward he wait car . brad since when do you shop at the flea market anyway ? stacy Brad . please do not tell Mom and dad ... he help she into the cruise vessel . he start up the car and drive off . brad who do it ? stacy stare out the window . tear well in she eye . brad ( cont 'd ) you be not go to tell I , be you ? stacy no. brad all right , then . it 's you secret . stacy smile at Brad . Brad smile back . the car drive on . int . linda' room - night stacy be in Linda 's room , sit on she bed . her eye be red and moist from cry . Linda listen to she story . stacy I really think he would show up . I wait ... and wait ... and wait ... linda that little prick . stacy then I call he house , and he mother tell I he be in the garage help he father . linda that little prick . stacy I pay for it and everything . linda there go you stereo for another year . Mike damone be a no-brain little prick . I be not let he get away with this . stacy do not do anything , Linda . I would rather just forget about it . I do not even like the guy . linda stacy , he 's not a guy . ( loud ) he 's a little prick ! stacy lie back on the bed . ext . damone house - morning the front door to the damone house open , and out walk Mike damone carry some book . he look troubled , burden , and stare down at the walkway as he move towards he car . he walk around , start to pen the car door , then he see it . there , in white spray paint across the driver 's door , be the message : prick . damone shhhhhhhhhit . he look both way , and start back towards the house . ext . damone car Mike damone travel down ridgemont drive , make the turn into the school parking lot . there be a large cardboard panel tape on the side of he car . ext . damone's locker he arrive at he locker , where , in white spray paint , there be another message : little prick . several girl walk by , they laugh knowingly . girl # 1 hi , Mike ! girl # 2 hi , mike ! damone back up against the locker , with a sick smile on he face . damone hi ... girl . more student pass , look strangely at the young man pin against he own locker . ext . boy' locker room - afternoon damone exit the boy locker room . just as he do , he be accost by the Rat . we have never quite hear this tone in the Rat 's voice before . the rat damone ? what happen between you and stacy ? damone feign the attitude , shake he head . damone sigh . damone let I tell you something , Rat . sometimes girl just go haywire . it be a month ago , I have be try to think of a way to tell you ever since . we start mess around and ... ( shrug ) ... something happen . it 's all over with . it 's no big deal . I never call she again . the Rat say nothing . damone ( cont 'd ) if you ask I , she 's pretty aggressive . you understand what I be say ? the rat no damone . I do not understand . damone she be not really you girlfriend anyway . the rat hey fuck you damone . there 's a lot of girl out there and you mess around with stacy . what have you get to prove ? damone Jesus . I be sorry . the rat I always stick up for you . whenever people say ' aw , that damone be a loudmouth ' -- and they say that a lot -- I say ' you just do not know damone . ' when someone say you be a idiot , I tell they ' damone 's not a idiot . you just do not know he . ' well , you know , damone , maybe they do know you pretty good . and I be just find out . damone Fine . get lose . damone start to push past he , but the Rat shove he shoulder hard . damone ( cont 'd ) all right , Rat . you want to do something about it ? damone begin the classic high school fight ritual . he throw he book down . he take a step back . he go into a crouch . he gesture towards himself . then damone say the universally recognize high school fight word . damone ( cont 'd ) well come on . the Rat show no fear . as other kid begin to crowd around the two boy , Rat throw he own book down . he take a step back , go into the crouch . he gesture toward himself . the rat you come on . they stand there , gesture , neither one of they want to make the first move . damone no . you come on , you wuss . Assistant coach Mr. sexton come run out of the boy 's locker room , and step in front of the two boy . sexton hey ! knock this crap off !! the Rat stalk off , disappear into the crowd of onlooker . dissolve to : ext . ridgemont drive - night the ridgemont drive strip be fill with car , cruise for party . there be a lot of honk , and yell out window . everyone be head towards the beach . we stay on a lowly 7 - 11 store near the freeway entrance . ext . 7- 11 store - night a yellow firebird slowly , menacingly cruise the empty parking lot . it do not stop . then , around the corner , walk Jeff spicoli . we see he in the neon 7 - 11 light , he hand stuff deep into the pocket of baggy jeans . he walk inside the store . he be the only shopper . int . 7-11 store Brad Hamilton stand behind the counter in a red and white stripe shirt and cap , make fresh coffee . Jeff spicoli trudge up to the counter . he look at Brad . Brad look at spicoli . there be a unspoken edge between they . spicoli hey , mon , can I use the bathroom ? Brad squint he eye , look at the sign on the back room door . angle on sign which read : Rest room for employee only . brad go ahead . just make it quick . spicoli totally . brad it 's the first door on you leave . spicoli disappear into the back room . Brad sigh , look at the clock . it read : 11:15 . then he hear spicoli from the back room . spicoli ( o.s. ) I can not find it , mon ! brad it 's the first door on you leave ! spicoli ( o.s. ) on the ledge ? brad first door on you leave ! spicoli ( o.s. ) there it be ! Brad sigh again . he load a new filter into the coffee maker . ext./ int . 7-11 store a moment later , the yellow firebird pull into the 7 - 11 parking lot . a man in a windbreaker come hurtle out of the car , into the store . he spray paint the scan camera above the door . he hustle up to the counter , produce a .45 Magnum and point it chest high at Brad . there be a glaze and nervous speedy edge to he voice . robber I want money . and I want it all -- now . Brad look pale and young under the fluorescent 7 11 light . he speak slowly . brad they empty and close the big safe here at midnight . robber ( get tougher ) I know this store . I know where the safe be . he bang the gun on the counter , hard . robber ( cont 'd ) over there behind the donut case . now move ! Brad slowly move to the donut case , like a zombie . brad I be instruct to tell you that we be on a video alarm system and there be other hide camera in the store ... robber just give I the money . move it . brad okay . ( leg be shaking ) I just start here , and they just teach I the procedure . I will give you the money , just let I figure this out . robber ( very menace ) move it . move it . Brad open the phony back of the donut case and fiddle with the strongbox combination . robber ( cont 'd ) ( more menace ) let 's go , stupid . Brad look at the gunman . brad you motherfucker . get off my fuckin ' case . the robber be about to react when the bathroom door open and Jeff spicoli start out , wiping he hand on he pants . spicoli no towel , mon ... the robber turn to look at spicoli , and that be all that Brad Hamilton need . just like it be the most natural thing in the world , Brad reach for the hot , steaming coffee pot he have just make and throw it into the gunman 's face and hand . robber aaaaaaaaaaaarrrrrrrrr !!! the .45 fall out of he hand and rattles to the floor . the gunman be still grab he face , and look at he skinless hand in horror when Brad snap up the gun . in the parking lot , the gunman 's accomplice , poise behind the wheel of the yellow firebird , spot the foul - up and screech out of the parking lot . brad there go you ride home . Brad pull the under - counter alarm with newfound confidence . Jeff spicoli stand there , mesmerize at the entire event . spicoli awesome . totally awesome . ext . ridgemont mall - night kid be pour into the ridgemont mall . summer banner be already up . int . the mall - night in the midst of all the kid and shopper , we see the Rat walk slowly down the promenade . he be wear a Army surplus jacket , and he hand be bury deep in he pocket . two girl pass he way . one smile briefly at he , and the Rat turn to watch she pass . he be about to say something to she , then no . he walk on , see swenson 's Ice - cream parlor up ahead . the Rat decide to walk the other way . int . swenson be - night the place be busy again , fill with shopper and teenager in summer - type clothing . we see stacy Hamilton , once again , at the cash register wear a Assistant manager name tag and a hostess gown . she handle a customer 's bill , then stand there a moment , look glum . Linda Barrett approach . stacy another summer of work at swenson 's . linda come on . there 's lot of man around here . keep you eye open . stacy you know , Linda . I have finally figure it out . it 's not sex I want . anyone can have sex . linda what do you want ? stacy I want romance . linda romance in ridgemont ? we do not even get cable tv . angle on the back kitchen door , which swing open , and out come Mike damone in a peppermint swenson 's shirt . he wipe some grime on he pants . stacy Mike ! you have a mess on C - 9 ! damone all right . all right . I just clean B - 8 . give I a break . stacy get go . the two girl smile , go back to they post . int . jeff spicoli be room - night Jeff spicoli sit in he room , and it be he castle . clothes lie in disarray on the floor . a huge half - wax surfboard be propped against the window . we see spicoli dress in a too large white short - sleeve shirt , attempt to tie he father 's fat paisley tie . he stop to take a hit from he bong , all the while talk on the phone . the music of lynyrd skynyrd 's " freebird " play on the radio . spicoli I ... be ... so ... waste , mon . what be in this shit ? ( pause ) do not that stuff cause brain damage ? ( pause ) bitchin ' . spicoli listen for a moment . he rub he eye , shake he head . he be really buzze . spicoli ( cont 'd ) hey , mon , I be go to Mexico as soon as school be out . two more week , bud . week from Wednesday . ( pause ) I be gonna take both board , my duck foot , many case of beer , and just jam . ( pause ) no , mon , from school . I be leave as soon as school get out . I will be at sunset Cliffs by nighttime . ( pause ) totally . ( pause ) later . spicoli hang up , and concentrate on tie he tie . he almost strangle himself . then suddenly the door to he room fly open and spicoli 's little brother curtis burst in . curtis Jeff you have company ! spicoli go away , curtis . if you can not knock , I can not hear you . curtis slam the door and leave . a moment later there be a knock . spicoli ( cont 'd ) that 's better . come in . the door swing open and Jeff spicoli sit in stone shock at the sight before he . there , stand in the doorway of he room be Mr. Hand . spicoli ( cont 'd ) mr... Mr. Hand . mr. hand that 's right , Jeff . mind if I come in ? spicoli can only nod . mr. hand ( cont 'd ) ( call downstairs ) thank you , Mr. and Mrs. spicoli . Hand walk into spicoli 's room , take off he suit jacket and lay it on the chair back . he stop a moment and catch the stare of miss January penthouse on the wall , then turn to spicoli . mr. hand ( cont 'd ) be you go somewhere tonight , Jeff ? spicoli yeah . the graduation dance Mr. Hand . it 's the last school event of the year . mr. hand I be afraid we have get some thing to discuss here , Jeff . spicoli do I do something wrong , Mr. Hand ? Hand remove several copy of oui Magazine from another chair and sit down . he set he briefcase on spicoli 's dresser , next to a bag of pot , and open it up for easy access . mr. hand do you want to sit there , Jeff ? spicoli I do not know . I guess so . mr. hand Fine . you sit right here on you bed . I will use the chair here . ( pause ) as I explain to you parent just a moment ago , and to you many time since the very beginning of the school year -- I do not like to spend my time wait for late student , or detention case . I would rather be prepare the lesson . Mr. Hand take a sheet from he briefcase and look at it . mr. hand ( cont 'd ) accord to my calculation , Mr. spicoli , you waste a total of eight hour of my time this year . and rest assure that be a kind estimate . he return the sheet to he case and look into spicoli 's weed - ravage eye . mr. hand ( cont 'd ) now , Mr. spicoli , come a rare moment for I . now I have the unique pleasure of squaring we account . tonight , you and I be go to talk in great detail about the Davis agreement , all the associate treaty , and the american Revolution in particular . now if you can just turn to chapter 47 of Lord of Truth and Liberty . spicoli hey , it 's in my locker , Mr. Hand . mr. hand well , then , I be glad I remember to bring a extra copy just for you . Hand reach in he case and produce the book . he hand it to spicoli . dissolve to : int . spicoli be room - hour later wearily , spicoli be try to grasp the material . spicoli ... so , like , when jefferson go before the people what he be say be ' hey , we leave this place in England because it be bogus , and if we do not come up with some cool rule ourself , we will be bogus , too ! ' right ? angle on mr . hand who nod he head . mr. hand very close , Jeff . Hand reach over and get he case . mr. hand ( cont 'd ) I think I have make my point with you tonight . spicoli hey , Mr. Hand , can I ask you a question ? mr. hand what 's that ? spicoli do you have a guy like I every year ? a guy to ... I do not know , make a show of . teach other kid lesson and stuff ? mr. hand well , you will find out next year . spicoli ( smile ) no way , mon . when I graduate U.S. history I be not even come over to you side of the building . mr. hand if you graduate . spicoli ( panicked ) you be gonna flunk I ?! Mr. Hand pause a moment , then break into the nearest approximation of a grin we have see all year . it be not much , but it 's noticeable . his lip crinkle at the end . mr. hand do not worry , spicoli . you will probably squeak by . spicoli all right ! oh , yeah ! Mr. Hand have now gather all he material , and he stand to approach spicoli 's door . Jeff jump up , extend he hand . spicoli ( cont 'd ) aloha , Mr. Hand ! mr. hand aloha , spicoli . Mr. Hand exit the room , and descend the staircase of the spicoli household . spicoli kick the door shut , grin , and continue struggle with he tie . int . ridgemont gymnasium - night tight angle on the emotion - fill face of the lead singer in a cheesy high school band call the T bird . he be bath in a blue light , sing the last verse of the eagle ' ' take it to the limit ' . we pull back to reveal a large , clumsy banner read : last dance . student be pour into the gym for this event . many have bring they annual yearbook . on stage , the lead singer snap he finger and the band go into Nick lowe 's ' heart of the City ' . some student start to dance . every one of we character be either here , or about to arrive . from Charles jefferson to spicoli to Mr. Hand . for once , all class be party together . but , just as in the beginning of the year on lunch court , the kid be still cordon off into they distinctive clique . angle on more student arriving at the last dance . they see Mr. Hand signing annual by the door . they all say the same thing as they pass , " aloha , Mr. Hand " . he nod in return . angle on stacy surveying the grow mob of annual - craze student . from behind she come Linda Barrett in a low - cut black dress . stacy where 's Doug ? linda he 's not come . stacy not come ? what happen ? linda he say he 's get to stay in Chicago . ( sigh ) he say I should visit he sometimes . stacy sometime ? linda yeah , like maybe never . stacy but what be you go to do ? linda well I might go to Dartmouth . stacy Dartmouth ?! linda I do not tell anyone I apply cause I never think I would make it . stacy I can not believe it ! but what about Doug ? linda ( stoic ) there 's a world of guy out there . I just wish I do not have to date any of they . stacy hey -- Doug stallworth ? it 's he loss . angle on mike damone in another part of the dance , by the junior class sponsor food counter . damone be stand , talk to several girl , gesture and be damone , Mr. attitude . damone sign my annual , honey . the girl look at each other , laugh . they walk away . angle on the rat stand nearby . the rat you be lose it , damone . damone you be crazy . that girl love I . angle on jeff spicoli sprawle out in the bleacher with he surfer stoner buddy . he turn to one admire stoner ( Todd ) . spicoli hey , mon . sign my annual . spicoli slip the annual into the kid 's crotch . the stoner wince in pain , but still open the book and linger on all the signing in spicoli 's annual . they be all drug-relate message from fellow stoner . after a moment , spicoli 's friend sign : " thanks for the red . Todd . " todd hey , mon , good thing we be go to Mexico this summer . ' Cause you be gonna get kick out of you house when you parent read you annual . int . gymnasium - angle on door Brad Hamilton push both door open , and make he entrance into the last dance . there be a lot of activity go on , but all nearby eye turn to Brad as he walk into the dance . Fifteen kid immediately gravitate towards he . they all want Brad to sign they annual , to talk about the 7 - 11 incident . onstage , the t-bird play the Beatles ' " it wo not be Long " . we see Brad 's old girlfriend Lisa push up to he . her new jock boyfriend hold a protective arm around she . lisa I see you picture in the paper . you have the great look on you face ! another student Front of the Metro section . I be tell my parent , ' I know this guy , I know this guy . ' Lisa 's boyfriend pull he arm tighter around she . lisa will you sign my annual , Brad ? Brad smile , nod . he sign , and give she he . we then see Brad 's three buddy from Carl 's Jr. come up , pat he on the back and grab he shoulder . Brad study they warily . buddy # 1 fuckin ' manager of 7- 11 ! buddy # 2 get we job over there , Brad ! you can do it ! brad since when do you guy want to work at 7 - 11 ? buddy # 2 come on , Brad ! it would be great ! all of we together ! brad well , 7 - 11 be a tremendous operation . it 's really change , man . they have get great food , great magazine , videogame ... it 's class . total class . buddy # 3 as soon as you can get we in there , we be go from Carl 's , Brad . buddy # 2 yeah , man , all the little punk from junior high have take over the place . Brad leave he old buddy . he grin and notice someone across the crowded dance floor . brad hey , Thompson ! wendell ! get a job ! they laugh , flip he off . Brad be back in he element at last . he move into the main dance area , work he way across the room , past the bleacher , when he hear a voice . spicoli ( o.s. ) Hamilton ! Brad turn around , see spicoli sit on the bottom rung of the bleacher . spicoli look back with true respect . spicoli ( cont 'd ) awesome . he throw Brad he annual . Brad give he he . they sign . spicoli ( cont 'd ) easy , mon . brad later . angle on the bleacher where several couple be passionately make out . four teacher clomp up into the stand from different angle . they pin the couple in flashlight beam , like the main tower pin a escape prisoner . angle on the t-bird onstage , sing the Rolling Stones ' " I be free " . ext . gynmasium - night we see Jeff spicoli leave the dance and come back down the stair with a stoner bud . his fist be in the air . spicoli summer , mon ! we be there ! he turn to he stoner bud . spicoli ( cont 'd ) let 's roll , my man . spicoli back right into a young buzz- cut kid . spicoli ( cont 'd ) hey , bud ! watch yourselff spicoli turn around to see he 's back into a squad of eight lincoln surf Nazis . they be all stand on the step , wait . surf nazi be you Jeff spicoli ? spicoli look up and down the row of surf Nazis . on the end , he see l.c . l.c . that 's he ! he do it ! spicoli hey , mon , I do not know what you trip be , but ... spicoli dash off down luna Street . l.c. and the surf Nazis take out in hot pursuit , chase he through the parking lot , past ridgemont High , and into the night . they will never catch he . slow dissolve : int . ridgemont mall School be out and it 's summer business as usual at the ridgemont mall . we see the same store , the same pack of kid roam the three tier . angle on MARK ratner who stand against the railing in he cinema four jacket , gaze across the mall at swenson 's Ice cream parlor . he see stacy walk two girlfriend to the outdoor front table , and almost look he way . the Rat turn away suddenly . then he hear she call out after he . stacy hey Mark ! turn around ! ratner turn around , affect total and complete cool . he wave across the mall to she . stacy ( cont 'd ) come over here ! he look back at he post at the theatre , decide it 's okay to step away . he walk across the mall . int . swenson be stacy be stand by the sundae bar . next to she be two empty stool . after a moment , we see the Rat plop onto one of the metal stool . he pound the seat next to he with the palm of he hand . the rat you . sit. stacy turn to look at he , smile . she sit . stacy hi , Mark . the rat hi , stacy . how be you ? stacy I be fine . Mark , I be so glad you come over here because I want you to know something . I just think I would tell you that I really enjoy get to know you this year . the Rat maintain the attitude . the rat yeah ? about fifty people I do not know write that in my annual . stacy I know everybody say it , but I really mean it . the Rat look at she from the corner of he eye . the rat really ? stacy yeah . I want you to have this picture , so you will not forget what I look like . and so you will remember to call I over the summer . she withdraw a picture from she pocket , hand it to the Rat . the rat well , I do not know , I may be do some travel this summer . I do not know how much I will be around ... ( break down , take picture ) but I will give you a call sometime . stacy I would like that . she give he a kiss on the mouth , get up and walk away . the Rat sit there , smile at the way thing sometimes turn out . he slip the picture into he pocket , a satisfied young man . int . / ext . swenson be and mall the Rat be join by Mike damone , who have change into he street clothes . damone she want it , Rat . the Rat snicker , shake he head . damone ( cont 'd ) I see you . you have pure attitude . the Rat turn to look at he friend . the rat the attitude , damone , be only good until you meet the right girl . damone whatever you say , Rat . they take off together , blend into the crowd of kid walk the mall . the rat and ... you can only tell it 's the right girl if you be sensitive . damone sensitive -- what be that ? the rat sensitive be when you can tell how people feel without ask . damone so what make you so sensitive ? the rat well , for one , I read . I do not watch as much television as you . I be try to feel thing more . I be learn a lot about people . damone what do you read ? what 's the last book you read ? the rat lust for life . it 's the story of Vincent Van gough . damone ( scoff ) yeah , well , I see the movie . that must mean I be sensitive too . the rat it 's a way , damone . it 's a vibe . I put it out , and I have personally find that girl do respond . damone laugh , shove he hard . we lose sight of the two boy in the sea of kid . a series of angle of ridgemont Center mall with music . credit fade to black the end