producer : neal moritz producer : vin diesel producer : michael fottrell exec producer : amanda lewis exec producer : samantha vincent fast by Chris Morgan base on the four universal motion picture entitle " the fast and the furious " , " 2 fast 2 furious " , " the fast and the furious : Tokyo drift " , '' fast and furious '' as well as all material from which this movie be base white shoot draft : 6/16/10 revise : Blue 6/18/10 pink 7/7/10 Green 7/15/10 goldenrod 7/16/10 buff 7/23/10 salmon 7/27/10 cherry 8/2/10 Tan 8/4/10 2nd White 8/6/10 2nd Blue 8/9/10 2nd pink 8/13/10 2nd yellow 8/17/10 2nd Green 8/19/10 2nd goldenrod 8/21/10 2nd buff 8/25/10 2nd salmon 8/26/10 2nd cherry 9/3/10 2nd Tan 9/7/10 3xd Blue 9/7/10 3rd pink 9/9/10 3rd yellow 9/23/10 3rd Green 10/7/10 3rd goldenrod 10/12/10 3rd buff 10/13/10 3rd salmon 10/14/10 3rd cherry 10/19/10 3rd Tan 11/02/10 notice : this material be the propexty of fast V , LLC ( a wholly own subsidiary of universal City studios , Inc. ) and be intend and restrict solely for studio use by studio personnel . distribution or disclosure of the material to unauthorize person be prohibit . the sale , copying or reproduction of this material in any form be prohibit . ' this material be the property of universal picture and be intend for use only by authorize peysonuel . distribution or . disclosure of this material to unauthorize persous be prohibit . the sale , copying , or reproduction of this material in any form or medium , in whole or in pari , be strictly probibit . _ wa OPEN on : a beautiful asrial shot of rio do janeiro - establishing 1 the '' marvelous City '' look like something out of a dream . tpanema ... copacabana ... sugarloaf Mountain ... few place on Earth be as beautiful . super : Rio de Janeiro , Brazil . now push in , past the postcard view of paradise , down into the dark underbelly of Rio , where we find a car arrive in the city . closer , it 's a ' 72 nissan skyline . the vehicle be beat to shit . clearly run hard and on its last leg . series of short , impressionistic shot - over credit 2 >> int . skyline . brian be @rive . mia doze next to he , head against the window . they look nothing like we remember they . they clothes be dirty . torn . they face tired . worn with worry . exhausted . life on the run have be hard . Brian check the rearview with concern . see a police car come up behind they . ' tense . Mia rouse , notice too . nexvously , they both hold they breath ... : +s.and only when the cop car continue on past do they relax . ~- the shot continue , Brian and Mia 's car pass through some of the darkest , roughest neighborhood in all of South America . Young gang roam the street . watch the skyline drive by . the threat be palpable . eventually , they arrive at the base of a favela ( shantytown ) . fhe road be too narrow for a vehicle , so ghey have to leave the skyline and continue on foot up the hillside . brian look like we be walk . =~ Brian and Mia walk up through the favela 's wind , maze - like path . the poverty here be incredible . no run water . no electricity , Homes make from scavenge material . mia you sure this be the place ..? Brian just keep walk . ~~ Brian and Mia be continue through the cramped , City of God arbanscape : when they notice a silhouette on the rooftop . someone watch they in the moonlight . {conttngirny * 7/16/10 2 . continued : 2 the silhouette pace they on the rooftop . then whistle . moment later , another figure appear in the alleyway a block ahead . then another , from a side street . closer . more whistle , coyote hone in on prey . something bad be about to go down . Mia look to Brian , worried . mia ( cont ’d ) Brian ... . brian I know . ( turn back ) c'mon , we be out of here -~ but three more man block the way they come . all around , the man slowly close the noose . flash pistol in they waistband . the man surround they , eying Mia hungrily . Brian pull she closer , intend to defend she to the death . and just as the scene be about to explode into violence -- voice ( 0s ) whoa , whoa -- facil , comaradas . vince ( Matt schulze ; dom 's blood - brother from tfatf ) appear . vince ( subtitle ; portuguese ) -- she 's with I . " . vouch for they , the man lower they gun . mia Vince ! Mia move to he . hug he . vince Mia . Vince look coldly at Brian . vince ( cont 'd ) buster , : ext . favela 3 vinee lead they deeper into the shantytown . brian be dom here yet ? vince , | Nah . . Le ( conttntied '' oe of 2nd salmon 8/26/10 2a . continued : 3 Mia look worried , mia when be the last time you hear from he ? vince couple week ago . up in ecuador , somewhere . do not worry , he 'il turn up . mia ( fearful ) I know we should have stick together . vince ( to Brian ) feel different , huh ? brian what 's that ? vince be on the other side of the want poster . Brian do not answer . turn to Mia , who 's still think about she brother . brian ( veassure ) he all make it . just then , they arrive at Vince 's home -- a ramshackle one - room apartment in the heart of the favela . int . vince's home - continuous Inside , Vince 's wife , rosa , stand hold they six - month old baby , nico . Vince introduce they . vince this be my wife , Rosa . and we son , nico . there 's a tenderness , and a gentleness , to Vince toward he wife and son that we have never see in he before . mia ( subtitled ; portuguese ) he 's beautiful . Rosa blushes . take Mia 's hand . rosa ( subtitled ) come . you must be hungry . * 7/16/10 int . vince 's home - favela Vince and Rosa sit around a makeshift table in silence , watch as Brian and Mia devour a meagre meal . clearly , they have not eat in awhile . as Vince and Rosa share a look , dissolve to -- AG b6 7/23/10 4. same shot - later AG Mia be play with the baby . after a moment , Rosa come up . rosa ( subtitle ) time for bed , iittle one . mia . ( subtitle ) can I bring he ? - . rosa ( subtitle ) ( smile and nod ) of course . as Mia scoops up the baby , at the table , Vince shrug out of he overshirt and Brian see how horribly -scarred he right arm be ( from the robbery go wrong at the end of tfatf ) . there 's a moment of awkward , uneasy silence . then -- brian so why Rio ? vince you mean after you screw everything up in l.a .? Vince cut a look at Brian . then laugh . vince ( cont 'd ) where else*wa , 1 gonna go ? ( shrugs} - ended up fréefalling . ' through South America , hit every shithole on the way down . would nve keep on go ... if not for Rosa . Vince glance at the woman as they exit the room with nico . his voice , and he expression , soften . vince ( cont ’d ) amazing how quickly a hellhole can become a home . int . vince 's home - bedroom - same time b6 we can hear Vince and Brian talk in the other room as Rosa tuck she sleep baby into he crib and begin sing he to sleep . Mia stand in the doorway behind , watch , when suddenly she turn and move 0.s ... ee es ee * * b6 c6 dé 7/23/10 4a. int . vince's home ~- minute later b6 the baby asleep , Rosa close . the bedroom behind she , but as . she 's walk back toward the main room , she catch a glimpse of Mia kneel against the toilet in the bathroom , . clearly sick , int . bathroom - moment later c6 when Mia finally recover , she stand and look at herself in the mirror , pale - face and sheen in sweat -- and notice Rosa in the doorway behind she . Vince 's wife offer a cool towel ... and a sympathetic , know look . rosa ( subtitled ) do he know ? Mia shake she head . overwhelm . try not to cry ... int . vince's home — MAIN room - minute later d6 Brian and Vince be talk when Mia return . vince so listen ... there 's a job come up . ( more ) ( cont tnited 1 2 nd salmon 8/26/10 5 . dé continued : do vince ( cont 'd ) I be hope dom be gonna be here by now , but this one 's clean enough we could do it without he . Brian hesitates . look to Mia . Vince continue . vince ( cont 'd ) it 's a good gig . couple high - end car . guy I know be put together a team to swipe ‘em . ( look to they ) just need a few more willing body . brian ( tear ) I do not know , man ... vince look , the way the car scene be down here , we can unload ‘em quick . it 's easy money . odrain he beer ) and from where I be standin’ ... look like you both could use the payday . Brian and Mia look to one another . and as they consider the truth of he statement , smash CUT to : 6 ext . brazilian countryside - next day 6 a sparse landscape stretch to infinity , a moonscape of baked earth and scrub grass as far as the eye can see . then -- fawhoooom ! suddenly , a high -speed train wipe frame , blast past . brian ( os ) what be you read ? 7 ecu - a page of a TRAVEL book 7 picture of island paradise . happy couple enjoy the good life . mia ( os ) a travel guide . pull back to reveal Brian and Mia sit aboard the train , 10 7/7/10 6. int . high speed train -— dine car — continuous 7 Brian look at the page she 's fold . . brian Hong kong. bali. Moscow ... mia know what they all have in common ? he do not . mia ( cont 'd ) no extradition . the pragmatic way she say it , with a mix of hope and determination , stir Brian 's pride in she . she 's a survivor . ext . vince 's home ~ same time 8 Vince exit he home , carry a bunch of gear . as he leave he hear a noise from he past —- a burly v8 engine , growl closer . Vince turn as a familiar car pull up before he . though it 's no longer the glossy black demon we remenber — — its distinctive supercharger gone , and the black paint now primer gray -- there 's no doubt it 's dominic toretto 's infamous dodge charger . and as Vince grin in recognition — -— int , high speed train - dine car - continuous 9 a conductor enter the dining car to collect ticket . see he , Mia 's demeanor shift to all business , mia here we go , and as she and Brian rise , intercut with : ext . high speed train - continuous 10 the train be glide along at high speed . soon , another vehicle rampage into frame -~ a tow truck from hell , teax up the rough brazilian countryside . launch and landing over bump in the hardpack at incredible speed , try to catch the train . + eh * er il 12 13 al4 bi4 7/7/10 7. int . high speed train ~ moment later 11 as they pass the conductor , Mia 's foot catch and she trip xight into he . fortunately , the man catch she —- pleasantly surprised to see the beauty in he arm . conductor ( subtitled ; portuguese ) be you all right , miss ? as he help she up , Mia secretly swipe he magnetic security card dangle from he coat pocket , hold it behind she back for Brian to quickly slide on a mobile device . mia ( subtitled ) yes . thank you s0 much . she kiss he on the cheek , use the distraction to deftly clip the card back onto he pocket , then move on , the conductor none the wiser . Brian and Mia continue toward the back of the train , pass a trio of hard - eyed men play card —- ext . high speed train -— continuous 12 as the tow truck get closer , we see it 's a heavily ~ modify chevy truck , its back half swap with a towpruck's flatbed outfit with side gate and two enormous nitro winch bolt on the side . ohooh five men now stand atop its flatbe , wear goggle and bandanas to protect from dust . * int . high speed train — freight access door — same time 13 Brian and Mia exit the passenger car , arrive at the electronically - locked door of the freight car . Brian swipe he mobile device ( which record the conductor 's magnetic security card info ) across the card * reader . beep ! the electronic door unlocks , while -- ext , high speed train - same time al4o« * the tow truck close in on the train . * inside another darkened freight car bl4 * Brian and Mia enter another freight car ... and see what they come here for . oe ( conttnued y bl4 14 15 2nd salmon 8/26/10 8. continued : b14 Three sport car shimmer in the dark : a pantera gts , a ford gt40 and a corvette grand sport . well over a million buck in steel and fiberglass . Brian dial he cellphone . brian ( into phone ) found ‘em . second freighter from the end , ext . high speed train - same time 14 the rough terrain enter a smooth stretch and the truck slide up beside the train , align with the last freight car , when the tow truck pull close , the man on the flatbe ignite acetylene torch and -- clangg ! -- kick the side gate over , create a work platform they walk out on . as they start cut through the freighter , CUT back to Brian and Mia : inside the darkened freight car 15 fsssshhh ! four intense blue flame from the acetylene torch illuminate the interior . the blue of the cut jet play beautifully off the sport car . but in the flame light , something else catch Brian 's eye . Mia see he move closer to check it out , react at what he see . mia ( concerned ) what be it ? he point out that everything in the container car be mark with tag . brian evidence tag . d.e.a. ( grim ) this be seize property . 16 17 2nd salmon 8/26/10 9. int . tow truck - same time 16 the driver , lanzo , be run the truck alongside the train . when a signal post shriek toward they , he swerve hard to avoid it . int . freight car - same time 17 Brian and Mia be consider this new revelation when the torch suddenly stop and they be cast into darkness with the seize car . a moment later , the torch start back up . as they finish cut , the side of the freight car rip open and the large sheet of metal go fly away . sunlight stream into the freight car , revealing Brian and Mia ... and the wonderland of candy - color car . reverse angle - Brian and Mia stare at the muscle figure stand on the gate in silhouette , smoking torch still in hand . as the first one walk into the light we see that it 's : dominic toretto no one have ever look cooler . Vince step up beside he , grin . vince told you he have turn up . mia dom ! Mia run to she brother , relieved . he hug she . mia ( cont ’d ) I be glad you be okay . dom do not ever worry about I . just then , Brian step up . dom level he with a grim stare . dom ( cont 'd ) I tell you to lay low . brian we be run on fume . I have to make a call . suddenly , zizi and the other push past . ( cont tnitrd y 17 7/7/10 10 . continued : 17 2izt we only get a two minute window , guy . dom clock Zizi . then turn and scan the car in the hold , and like a general he instantly have a plan . dom Ali right , let 's go . dom turn to the two other teammate , capa and berzo . dom ( cone ’d ) cintas ! vamo ! the two nod and toss over nylon strap attach to the winch . dom wrap they through the pantera 's front wheel while Brian and Zizi do the rear set . use the key Mia obtain , Vince crank the ignition and -~ vroooom ! italian thunder . vince see you at the rendezvous . dom give the signal and , off he cue , capa and berto punch the nitro winch and in the blink of a eye -~ schuunkk ! — — the pantera be yanked sideways with incredible force , wrenching the vehicle out of the train car and across the fold platform onto the towtruck . work quickly , capa and berto untie the strap , freeing the pantera , then raise the flatbed until the rear ramp be sparking on the ground . zizi clear ! with a final wave , Vince shift the car into neutral ... and roll backward off the ramp ! there 's a minor explosion of smoke and dirt as the tire hit the ground rip past at 100 mile a hour below they . the car struggle a bit ... but Vince get it under control and take off , head west . just then , Zizi throw a silent signal to capa , who nod and immediately make he way toward the gt40 . dom catch the exchange . something strange . concerned , he scope a little closer ~- and notice a glimpse of steel in the back of Zizi 's waistband . gun . as capa near the g40 , dom catch Brian 's eye . stop he . as capa try to brush past , Brian step in he way . ( conttnitrd 1 17 2nd salmon 8/26/10 11 . continued : 17 brian in a hurry ? capa move past , but just as he 's about to get into the gt40 - - dom lady first . -- dom slot Mia into the gt40 ahead of he . capa ogrow angry ) now wait -- but Mia diffuse the situation with sexy charm -- mia besides ... ( slip into the car ) I look better in blue . capa look back to Zizi , who simply nod . let she go . Mia drive the car foward into position . and as Zizi run the winch strap through the wheel , capa join he . ziz1 ( subtitle ) it 's okay . we be all go to the same place anyway . we will get it there . but on the opposite side of the car -— - dom lean into she window . dom ( sotto ) Change of plan . hole up and wait for my call . dom signal capa and Mia 's car be yanked off the train and onto the tow truck , which raise its ramp and roll the 40 off backwards to the ground . -- but rather than head west like the other , Mia spin 180 degree and head east . instantly , Zizi know something 's up and confront dom . 2122 where be she go ?! ( conttnird ) 17 18 19 20 2nd salmon 8/26/10 12 . continued : 17 dom ignore he , move past ... but always keep he eye on im . zizi ( cont 'd ) where be she go ? and as Zizi draw he gun -- the action dom be wait for -- dom react , whipping around and knock the gun from he hand in a burst of bullet ! the gun go fly , but not before the bullet strike some pipe and -- boom !! -- set off a alarm . match CUT to : the front of the train 18 where the trio of hard - eye man hear the alarm and see smoke boiling out of the train ... as well as the maraud tow truck run along beside it . what the --?! they bolt up from they seat -- and now we see they gun and badge . dea agent . drawing they weapon , the Agents race toward the commotion , shouting at the conductor as they pass . dea agent we be be rob ! whatever happen , do not stop this train ! ext . train - same time 19 capa and Brian be fight . dom be toss Zizi like a ragdoll . as Zizi hit the floor , he turn and yell at lanzo drive the tow truck . zizi ( subtitle ) go after the girl ! Brian and dom both hear this . share a look . and as the tow truck skim away , Brian break free of capa , run and leap , fly across space -- barely miss a signal post as it go rush past -- and land on the last centimeter of the truck ramp , while : int . freight car — continuous 20 capa and Zizi go two - on - one against dom in a brutal fight to the death . 21 2nd salmon 8/26/10 12a. on the back of the tow truck 21 Brian battle for he life against berto on the flatbe . he take a beat , but just as berto be about to give the coup de grace , Brian engage the power on the nitro winch , which whip the nylon strap into berto' face and knock he , scream , off the edge of the truck . ( conttnied } 21 22 7/7/10 13 . continued : 21 and as Brian clamber toward the cab and lanzo — - int . freight car - continuous 22 dom be turn the tide in the fight against capa and Zizi . and as he start to deliver a righteous beatdown , Zizi clock he gun on the floor and abandon the fight to run for it , but past as he get it and swing around on dom —- all hell break loose as a dea agent storm in . dea agent Federal Agents ! get on the grou --! Zizi open FIRE with he fully - anto handgun and -- braaaap ! — — the dea agent get blown to piece . just then , Zizi see two more agent charge toward the freight car , and race off into the shadow , while -- dom and capa 's fight reach its crescendo as dom deliver a hoot to the chest that send capa fly back . it almost send he fly out of the train -~ but at the last second , capa find he foot . he teeters on the edge , fight for balance ... and finally regains it . a savage look of txiumph come over he face , and just as he 's about to wade back into the fight -- a signal post flash past , so close , it smashes capa out of the train with the speed of a jet fighter . intercul ~ the action -~ brian enter the cab and fight with lanzo for the tow truck , which swerve violently out of control , while : ~-_in the freight car , dom be run when the two other dea agent enter . see they fall comrade , they draw down on dom . dea agent freeze ! dom jump into the corvette grand sport as -- -~ zizi slip from the shadow behind the dea Agents , raise he gun . see he -- dom try to warn the agent , punch the horn . but by the time they realize the danger , it 's too late . Zizi execute they in cold blood , while — — ~~ back in the tow truck , lanzo almost have the upper — hand ... when Brian grab the wheel and crank it , send the towtruck smashing against the train -- karunnnnch ! —~ with such violence that lanzo be ejected from the cab . ( conttnited 1 7/7/10 14 , continued : he scream as he float out over the ground vipping past 22 at 100 mph . then he 's just go ... the tow truck grind against the train with a ear-pierce metallic screech , throw up a volcanic shower of SPARKS as the train begin to chew up the truck . Brian try to turn the wheel to maneuver it away , but the truck be completely stuck . ~~ in the freight car , Zizi turn he sight back on dom and open FIRE . bullet punch hole around he , dom bust the steering column open and hotwire the car . vrooooom ! 1 -- brian leok up and see : brian oh Jesus Christ ! the train round a bend ahead and reveal a corge ahead , span by a trestle bridge ... with only enough room for the train . brian climb out onto the front of the tow pruck as the trestle piling speed closer . ' they be go to obliterate the tow truck ... and there 's no way for Brian to get off it , brian ( cont 'd ) dom ! cr bullet ricochete around he like ballbearings in a blender , dom turn and see Brian 's situation . revs the ' vette , engine scream , tire smoking , and pop the clutch ! blast past Zizi , who have to jump out of the way as — ~ ~~ the corvette launch off the train and land in high speed on the ground ! risking all , dom gass it and crank the wheel , send the ' vette scream up to the fuse tow truck / freight car on a collision course with the cliff edge and the trestle piling only foot away — - -- which give brian just enough time to jump onto the ' vette 's trunk and for the vehicle to swerve clear before —- -- boooom ! the tow truck implode against the pile as the train race onto the bridge , while beside it , the corvette -- brian ( cont 'd ) ohhhh shiiit ..! = ~ sail over the lip of the gorge , granting we a stomach . lurchin of a dead drop to th : a hundre and fe " feet below ! ( conttnited } 22 23 a24 2nd salmon 8/26/10 15 . continued : as the car fly off the cliff , dom and brian bail out of 22 the corvette . they fall and fall , and we be with they the whole way , all the way until they hit the water ! eventually , they rise to the surface ... »..to find a half - dozen gun and rifle aim at they head . Zizi 's man line the riverbank . more arrive in off-road vehicle . there be no escape . dom cut a look at Brian . dom shitty call , o'conner . shitty call ... smash to : omitted 23 int , warehouse - later a24 the interior be pitch black , save for a small circle of light from a single bulb dangle overhead . and in that tiny illuminate circle , find dom and Brian chain to a heavy - gauge pipe . plastic sheet have be spread out on the floor beneath they ( in case thing get messy ) . this be the type of room people die in . dom and Brian be work together , testing they shackle for give or weakness , for any mean of escape , when -- just then , a door open somewhere in the dark and we hear footstep approach . the sound of shoe on the cold concrete floor be like the toll of doom , draw near . hernan reye ( 40' ; a professional , intelligent businessman ) enter the circle of light , flanke by three gunman . dom and Brian watch reye , wait for he to make a mistake , to get too close ... he do not . reye you two stir up quite a bit of trouble today . Three of my man dead , three dea agent along with they . of course , this be business and sometimes thing go ... astray . ( conttnied 2nd salmon 8/26/10 15a. a24 continued : a24 dom and Brian remain stony . ( conttniued 1 a24 2nd salmon 8/26/10 16 . continued : a24 reye ( cont 'd ) all I care about be the car . you tell I where the girl be , and 1 will let you go . there 's a moment . then Brian indicate the plastic on the floor . brian the plastic sheet do not exactly fill I with confidence . reye ( shrug ) the best decision be make when all party know what they be up against . dom look he dead in the eye . dom that go both way . a moment of anger flash across reye 's face . this be a man not use to have people defy he . but he be also a man of control . he regroup quickly , master he emotion , and turn to leave . reye stride off , but at the edge of the light , he stop . reye you know , I hear you sister be very beautiful . there 's a beat . then -- reye ( cont ’d ) wherever she 's hide , I promise you this ... I will find she . ( look straight at they and whatever happen then , it will be you fault . and reye leave , footstep recede into the dark . ' Zizi turn to dom and Brian , barely suppress a malicious grin . 2121 you know what come next . and as he follow he boss into the shadow , Zizi nod to one of he man -- the signal to kill they . dom and Brian clock it . know they be about to die . ( conttnurd } 2 nd salmon 8/26/10 16a . a24 continued : a24 the moment reye and Zizi exit the room and the door close , one of the guard rack he gun and step into the light to kill they — — a_single footstep too close , ( conttnurd y 24 tan 8/4/10 17 . continued : a24 in a blur , dom react , surging forward and -- bam ! -- headbutt the Guard , who tumble back , give Brian enough time to strain against the chain and -- kraaang ! -- rip the bar loose , send the dangle . light swinging wildly back and forth as they leap into the shadow in separate direction ! oe ' . the other gunman fire into the shadow , but in the confusion of the swinging strobe , we catch only momentary glimpsis of Brian yanking one guy down , dom punch another with a blow strong enough to decapitate a bull . as the light pendulum back and forth , the final gunman point he gun nervously into the dark . as the light swing forward , it reveal Brian close in . the gunman whip he gun around on he -- but as the light swing back , it reveal dom right behind he . like a nightmare , dom yank the gunman scream into the dark . by the time the light stop swinging , the body of the three gunman lie still in the small circle of light ... and dom and Brian be go . cur to : { note : omit baw tv. insert int , garage hideout — favela - sunset 24 the gt40 sit in the b.g. Mia be pace anxiously , listen to the news on the a small radio in portuguese -- just then , dom and Brian arrive and enter the garage . with horror , she see they injury . run up to they . Brian - crush she into he arm . brian it 's okay . we be okay --— mia ( look around , realize ) where 's Vince ? brian that 's a good question . dom hear the suspicion in Brian 's voice . be dom '' ! he will be here . ( conttnurt '' wd rs 25 tan 8/4/10 18 , continued : 24 mia . we be all over the news . ( indicate the radio ) they be blame we for kill that dea Agents on the train . brian ( turn to dom ) this be bad , man . we be bury in the middle of long list of fugitive before this -- dom we just jump to the top . brian they be gonna respond to this , dom . they have gotta show everyone they agent be off-limit . we have to get out of here --— but dom stop he . dom stop think like a cop . we do not move until we know the angle . dom turn to Mia 's gp40.3 -.¢ brian : they want this car for a reason . ( beat ) there 's something in it . we figure out what ... then maybe we will know just what the hell we be up against . and as dom and Brian begin search the car , pop off panel —- ext . decommissioned military airfield - night — establishing 25 ( note : this scene can be night or day depending on director / production concern ] against the backdrop of the favela light twinkle in the night , a cargo plane descend into shot , swoop in to land on the old runway like a great shadowy bird of prey . 2b ok of a * 25 tan 8/4/10 19 . pitch black ... 25 then with a mechanical hum , the blackness split and a cargo ramp lower before we , the light spilling in revealing we be in the belly of a c130 transport aircraft . in the hangar below , Rio 's chief of police wait expectantly with several of he officer . after a moment , a 6'4 " , 2601 b bull - neck U.S. lawman step * from the craft . United States 's dss special agent lucius '' luke '' hobb ( 37 ) be tough as rawhide . a throwback to the gunslinger of the Old West . we track with he as he stride down the ramp , follow by he team of bounty hunter , four of the roughest look sonsofbitch we have ever see . a tracker . a sniper . a close - quarter fighter . hobb 's own personal posse from Hell . hobb listen up ! the man we be after be professional runner . they like speed and be guarantee to go down the hardest way possible so make sure you get you funderwear on . * ( toss up a ballistic vest to one of they ) +t when we find they , we take they as * a team and we bring they back . and * above all else , , - we do not ever , * ever , let they get into car . ( beat ) oe crime scene 's ten hour old and count . let 's go hunt . hobb 's man instantly disperse , jump into action . as hobb walk off , the Chief of Police approach he . chief of police agent hobb -- but hobb blow right on past . annoy , the Chief of Police clear he throat , try again . chief of police ( cont ‘d ) agent hobb -- ooffer he hand ) Chief of Police joao alemeida . ( conttnurd 1 1/7/10 20 . 25 condinued = 25 hobb ( never stop ) luke . the Chief follow as they move , prepping gear . chief of police I be sorry to hear of the loss of you agent , hobb cast a look back . we be not sure what it mean , but it make we uncomfortable all the same , then — — sfx : a engine roar to life with earth -shaking FURY ! startle , the Chief turn to see a monstrous gurkha assault / pursuit vehicle roll off the plane . chief of police ( cont 'd ) be all this really necessary to apprehend two man ? hobb lemme tell you about this two man . one 's a former Federal officer . spend five year in deep cover ; know every way you be go to come for he . the other be a professional criminal who escape prison twice and spend half he life on the run avéide folk like you . chief of police ( defensive ) Weil ... if there be anything I can do for the dss , anything at all you need in Rio —- hobb two thing . one , I need a translator . chief of police certainly . we have several in the public relation departm - ~ hobb cut he off by toss a file at he . hobb blena neve . chief of police ( examine the file , confuse ) a patrol officer ? ( cont tnited } tan 8/4/10 21 . 25 continued : 25 hobb you hear I , chief .of police but ... why ? we have far more experience investigator . hobb ( deadpan ) I like she smile . hobb climb behind the wheel of the lead gurkha . start the engine . it sound like a battlefield . the Chief call after he , yell over the din . chief of police you say there be two thing you need . what 's the second ? hobb turn , pin he with eye as cold as a copperhead 's . hobb to he out of my wa and hobb gun it , drown out the world as the gurkha move we . 26 int . garage hideout -. late 's night 26 dom and Brian have stripped the car down to its skeleton . nearby , Mia watch Brian . clearly , she 's try to finda way to tell Brian about the baby , but be not sure how to begin and it 's kill she . as Brian finish pull off a piece , he look up and catch she stare . misread she expression . brian do not worry . everything 's go to be okay . . mia ( nod ) I know . but as Brian turn back to work , she muster up she courage . mia ( cont 'd ) Brian ... brian yeah ? and just as she 's about tell he -- ( cconttnitrd y of oe tan 8/4/10 21a , 26 continued : 26 bang . the door open behind they and vince enter the garage . : vince Holy shit ! what the hell happen ? ( conttnited '' 26 tan 8/4/10 22 . continued : 26 instantly , Brian 's eye go cold , he detective training kick in . brian ( accusatory ) . where you be , man ? vince you better check that tone . brian and you better answer the goddamn question . that flip Vince 's switch . as he storm toward Brian , Mia shove between they . mia - guy , stop it ! both of you ! Vince be white hot . Brian be ice cold . and Mia be do she best to control they , when -— - dom ( 0.s. ) where be you , Vince ? everyone turn as dom step up . his aura of deadly calm separate the fighter like a force field . dom stare straight at he oldest friend , wait for a answer . vince guy be all over the favelas ask about you . I could not get back here without lead they right to you . I have to wait ‘em out . brian bullshit . you vetted the job ! they be you guy ! vince they be not my -- too furious to even finish the think , Vince surge at Brian -- but dom stop he with iron strength . dom enough , o’conner ! if he say he do not do it ... he do not do it . ( beat ) go cool off for awhile . ( continued * et ee tan 8/4/10 22a , 26 continued : 26 brian yeah nstorm off , angry ) ( conttniurd } 26 27 2nd blue 8/9/10 23 . continued : 26 dom watch he go , realize just how far apart he team have drift ... | ext . train yard - rio - night 27 the gurkha illuminate the side of the rob freight car for hobb 's team , who comb for evidence . hobb feel the torch cut on the container wall . hobb oxyacetylene . oturn to one of he man ) I want a list of every place within fifty mile that refill acetylene tank . hardware store . weld school . construction site . just then , officer elena neve ( 30' , tough , a natural beauty who do not need makeup ) arrive on - scene , hobb ( cont 'd ) Officer neve . be wait on you . . elena you ask for I ? hobb I do . elena May I ask why ? ( beat ) my smile 's not that great . hobb get the reference . then clinically , factually -- hobb you husband be a officer . get gun down in the favela . you up and join the force six month later . ( beat ) you be motivate . and the one person in Rio I figure who can not be buy . the word affect Elena . hobb look she dead in the eye . hobb ( cont 'd ) be I right ? a Elena look inward . then nod , ( conttnied } tan 8/4/10 24 , 27 continued : 27 elena yes . hobb ' course I be . just then , one of hobb 's teammate , chato , roar up beside they in a beef - up yukon , chato good news , bad news , hobb you know I be a man who love he dessert first . chato . backcheck the rail line like you ask . found a couple spot where they unload . the car . most of the car head west until they hit main highway , then disappear . ( beat ) but another set of track head east . it 's real clean . 107 '' wheel base , eight and a half inch tread . hobb the gt40 miss from the manifest . chato ( nod ) follow the trail a couple mile . pretty easy in the scrub . can not move without leave sign . hobb okay , now gimme . the veggy . chato the ground rolis into hardpack and we lose that track , too . there 's a moment , then -- elena not necessarily ... they look at she . elena ( cont 'd ) that road head up through the hill and into the favelas . a couple of year ago , it be wash out by a storm . it 's all dirt a mile from where you be . ( beat ) ( more ) ( continued 5s he HH * * oh tan 8/4/10 24a , 27 continued : : 27 elena ( cont 'd ) if they head that way , we will pick up they track there . hobb look at she , impressed . hobb you come prepare . elena I be motivate . hobb give the barest hint of a smile , hobb all right , then . ( beat ) let 's go find we a car . 28 2nd blue 8/9/10 25 . int . garage . hideout - favela - dawn 28 ~ the stripped ct40 sit in the pre-dawn light . all be quiet , '' until -- Vince appear . sneak up to the gt40 . know exactly what he 's look for . among the pile of piece , he find the digital navigation unit ... '' pull : the tiny nav chip from its drive , pocket it and turn to leave when ~ ~ dom I almost wish I do not see that . now dom step into the moonlight . look mean as a minotaur . dom ( cont 'd ) almost . vince now , wait , dom -- dom grab he by the neck , slam he against the wall . dom Mia be on that train , Vince . my sister . vince come on , dom ! I would not do * anything to hurt she , you know * that . I think the job be for * the car ! I do not , know ! * ( beat ) - * all they want asthe chip . dom who. . * vince * hernan reye . he 's a business man - ~ * dom we meet . vince reye run everything in rio. drug . weapon -- dom take the chip from he hand , . dom you should have tell I , Vince . * ( conttnied |) 28 2nd blue 8/9/10 26 . continued : 28 the word echo through the building . dust then , Brian and Mia enter . brian what 's go on ? dom ignore they . vince please , dom ! just let I have the chip . I can take this to they . they will take it to reye , set thing right . he will understand -- dom get out . vince but -- : dom ( threaten ) get. out . Vince look at he best friend in the world ... and now see only a enemy in that eye . vince you never listen to I , dom . ( point at Brian ) not when I tell you he be a cop . not now . you never trust I , and look where it 's get we . look at we family now ! I can not go home ! you sister 's stick in this life ! and where 's letty , dom ?! where 's letty -- dom punch with all he might -- whamm ! -- and hit the gt 's hood a inch from Vince 's face , violently contorting the metal . have it land , it would have kill Vince . the moment hang , full of menace . then , too angry for word , Vince turn and stalk away , hurl something violently against the wall on he way out . banish ... * 29 30 2nd white 8/6/10 27 . ext . base of the favela ~ same time 29 the gurkha pull up and hobb and he hunter get out , scan the shantytown stretch away up the mountainside , on the scent of dom and Brian . as they make they way forward on foot , favela thug begin to appear from the shadow . cut they off . the bounty hunter and the gang of thug eye one another . then the thug flash they gun threateningly . hobb and he hunter look to one another -- then flash they gun . top of the line assault weapon that make the favela burner look like pop gun . know they be beat , the thug vanish back into the shadow . hobb yeah . think so. ( to he man ) let 's go . and as they continue on up the hill , CUT back to : ecu — a digital map 30 of Rio de Janeiro 's city street , reverse angle on dom 's eye -- study it . we be : int . garage hideout - favela - dawn dom , Brian and Mia be examine the content of the chip on the gt 's custom navigation device . mia so what do you think ? brian it 's a custom chip . have all this side menus for data entry . and check this -- Brian hit a button on the nav -- and a constellation of 10 building around Rio light up with vibrant marker . he scroll further down and realize -- brian ( cont 'd ) last destination . same building . same order . every week . dom it 's a delivery schedule . ( cont tnurd } * continued ; she 's point at the number '' 49 '' next to each entry . 2nd blue 8/9/10 28. mia 30 what 's that ? dom kilo . mia drug ? but Brian shake he head . brian Nah , that 's a dealer 's pack . ( off she look ) Major player weigh money so they do not have to constantly count it . 49 kilo be how much a million weigh in $ 20' . mia nlook at the number ) each one of that shipment be a miilion dollar ? brian ( nod ) yeah . Mia 's jaw drop . brian ( cont 'd ) there 's gotta be a hundred mile spread out in that cash house there . dom . it 's how he keep it off the grid . . ou we - --- brian -.. - reye be right to . want this back , it 's he whole network , laid out . Mia look at the info in a different light . cconttnurd 1 ee HH of + of +t _ 30 31 2nd white 8/6/10 29 . continued : mia 30 it 's like a tréasure map . but before anyone can get any idea —- sfx : somewhere not far off , a favela dog give a bark , dom stop , instantly alert . listen for -- sfx : outside , the sound of glass crunching underfoot . dom turn to Brian and Mia . dom run . ext . garage hideout ~ favela -— same time zizi and a squad of gunmen get in position , pull on swat - style balaclavas paint with skull . when they be ready -- zizi ( subtitle ) let ' 's go ! -- boom ! they burst through the front door and storm the building ! as they round a corner , they see Brian and Mia at across the room , climb over a wall , and just as the gunman in the lead get they in he sight -- wham ! dom appear from nowhere , smash the gunman with a sledgehammer of a elbow , cause he weapon to spray wildly . the rest of Zizi 's guy have to duck back as heavy automatic gunfire tear through the room like a steel - jackete meteor shower , give Brian and Mia enough time to clear the wall . when Zizi 's team look back up , they see dom run . scramble to recover , they open fire -- just as dom leap through a cinderblock wall and escape from view ! zizi ( subtitle ) ( cont 'd ) ( yell at he man ) go , go , go --!! match to : hobb and he team ~ several block away 31 hear the gunfire . see the muzzle flash . hobb wilk , fusco , circle north ! chato up the middle ! ( cont tnitad 1 eo rr oh he * orf 31 32 2nd white 8/6/10 29a. continued : 31 elena what about I ? hobb stay back ! Elena watch they disappear into a darken alley to the north . wait a moment , listen to the gunfire , take a bear ... then , know the favela better than hobb 's crew do , she draw she gun and race into a different alley , take a shortcut to hone in on the battle ... [ note : beat to be change per storyboard ] ext . favela - continuous 32 Brian and Mia burst from the garage and run for all they be worth . dom follow a moment later . dom meet at the bottom of the hill ! ( continued } dy 32 7/7/10 30 . continued : 32 Brian and Mia round a corner ahead and keep go . second latex , dom race around the corner and right into —- the barrel of a gun . train dead center on he chest . and hold by ~~ elena Police ! get on the ground ! there 's nowhere for dom to go . she 's get he dead to rights . elena ( into radio ) ( cont 'd ) I have get toretto . four block north of you position -- but just then — — zi12i and he men round the corner behind they and OPEN FIRE ! instantly , the alley become a warzonei as hundred of bullet shriek around they , Brian dive into a side alle with Mia , while dom react , risking all to grab Elena and pull she around a corner with he , save she life . as they slam against the wall , there 's a moment of physical contact , the two up against each other . but as gunfire chip chunks from the corner they be hidin behind , blena push forward and yell for all she 's worth —- elena ( cont ’d ) espera ! pobicia ! £ dom quiet . they know who you be . you be just draw fire . z12i and he men run forward , and just as they close in on dom and Elena ~- hobb and he team arrive . Zizi 's squad instantly unload at they . but hobb 's man do not run . hobb gontact . contact . and despite the bullet rip past they , hobb 's team move up on they like the grim reaper , fire they weapon with surgical precision -- boom ! booomi ! ~~ each shot blast another one of they to hell . one of hobb ' man ~- chato ~- get winge by a bullet but keep on fight . Three of Zizi 's man go down in a spray of blood and bullet . ( conttnited } 32 33 7/7/10 31 . continued : 32 with body drop around he , 212 % decide better of tangling with the bounty man , call for retreat and abandon the firefight with he remain man . as the danger pass , elena turn back to deal with dom -— only to find he 's already gone . she should immediately go after he ... but for some reason that not even she be completely sure of , she do not . just then , hobb reach she . hobb ( cont 'd ) you okay here ? she lock at the body of four of Zizi 's man littering the alley . Elena nod and he move off , continue the hunt for toretto . when he 's go , she notice something shine in the dirt . move closer , we see it 's letty' necklace , it must nve fall off dom when he save she life . she pick it up . and as she stare at , as though look for some explanation for dom 's heroic action , dissolve to ... int . / ext . STORM drain - minute later 33 dom , Brian and Mia exit the cylindrical confines of the concrete storm drain . all of Rio be laid ont below like a picture from a travel brochure . for long moment , they simply catch they breath . ' hen -- dom they 'il be look for the three of we together , we have to split up . you and Mia keep on head south , I / 1l lead they away -- mia no. brian Mia , dom 's right . look what just happen . we get lucky . but what happen next time , and the time after that —- mia I be pregnant . and the world stop in its track . dom and Brian turn to Mia , who stand defiant . lcontt ned y 33 34 2nd yellow 8/17/10 32 . continued : . 33 mia ( cont'd I already lose my family once . I be not go through that again . she stand there , fragile and strong . and Brian move to she . hold she tighter than anything he 's hold in he life . brian ( reassure ) I be not go anywhere . Mia turn to she brother . mia dom ? he look down , unable to meet she eye . mia ( cont 'd ) promise I we stick together . and when Mia take he hand , dom relent , know it 's not the smartest move .. but the one that Mia need the most , dom yeah , baby sis . ( look at she ) we stick . int . garage hideout - favela — night / 34 and while hobb and the rest of he team scour the location for clue -- elena study a hard copy of dom 's file . she 's not read . just stare at he picture , try to add up what she 's be tell about he against how he save she life in the favela . stare at the necklace he drop , turn it over in she hand . there 's something about dom . something she can not put she finger on . a sense of gravity pull she into he more and more . after a moment , she turn to hobb . elena something do not add up . ( hobb turn to , she ) toretto and o’conner ... they stay when they be suppose to run . they steal gas , then give it away . and now they be kill federal agent ? ( more ) ( continued 1 34 2nd yellow 8/17/10 33 . continued : 34 . elena ( cont 'd ) it do not make sense . hobb here 's what make sense -~ hobb take dom 's file from she hand and toss it across the room . hobb ( cont ’d ) all this guy be be name on a list . they come up , we take ‘em down . not a phone call more , not a bullet less . the brusqueness of it take she aback . just then , wilk come up . hobb ( cont 'd ) what have we get ? wilk Standard forensics . shoe print . Hair and fiber , they fingerprint be all over the car . he indicate the disassembled gt40 . hobb anything else ? wilk we track the owner off the vehicle 1.d . there be a couple shell company in - between , but we finally trace it back to a corporation own by a investor down here name hernan reye . elena investor ...? ( scoff ) if there 's anything illegal happen in Rio , reye be involved . hobb then so be we . if he can get we closer to we guy , I want everything on he . ( to he man ) chato , you be on the roof . I want you on overwatch in case they come back for something . Mac , runa crosscheck on reye . full specs . if he go to the john , I wanna know how many time he shake it . ( conttnued y ot Ho oe he of oe ee 34 35 36 37 2nd yellow 8/17/10 34 . continued : 34 macroy you get it , boss . hobb and wilk , fusco — - then hobb nudge one of the hundred of gt40 part strewn across the shop floor with he boot . hobb ( cont 'd ) -- take this mess and put it back together . the bounty hunter react , stare at the sea of part . fusco that 's ... gonna take awhile . hobb then you would better get start . they be take this car apart for something , ( beat ) you piece she back together ... and we will see what 's miss . ecu - a boarded up window 35 then rough hand grip it and rip it away , expose shattered glass . a darken building beyond . pull back to reveal we be : ext . condemned apartment build - night - establishing dom , Brian and Mia enter the crumble structure . int . condemned apartment build - continuous 36 it 's all peel paint and shattered window . graffiti - cover wall . dom , Brian and Mia stand in the darkness , look around . dom Home , sweet home . int . condemned apartment build - late night 37 while Mia sleep in the b.g. , Brian sit in the open , stare at the night sky through a collapse section of the building . a moment later , dom walk out and sit beside he . ( conttnited } 7/27/10 35 , 37 continued : 37 the two sit in silence . moment pass , then : brian what do you remember about you father ? dom think about it . shrug . dom I remember he throw together a family barbecue every Sunday after church . you miss church , you do not get any bbq ... ( beat ) I remember that he hand always smell like motor oil , no matter how many time he wash ‘em ... ( beat ) I remember he sit at the kitchen table , night after night , help Mia with she homework ... then stay up late after she go to bed try to figure out the next chapter so he could help she the next day . dom look at Brian . dom ( cont 'd ) everything . I remember everything about he . Brian take this in . shake he head . brian see , that 's the thing ... I can not remember shit about mine . I do not remember he yell , I do not remember he smile . I can not even really remember what he look like anymore , to be . honest with you . ( beat ) : I do not remember anything because he be just 's never there . there 's a moment . then dom turn to he . dom you be not gonna be like that . again , it 's a moment between they . between brother . eventually , Brian sigh . ( conttnited '' 37 7/27/10 36 . continued : 37 brian it mess with you mind . you have dad of the Year and become a criminal , I have a dirtbag and become a cop . dom you be never a cop , Brian . not on * the inside . * Brian fall silent , recognize the truth . then , after a moment , he look toward Mia , asleep in the b.g . brian we can not keep run . dod . '' I know . brian we need to get out . for good . there 's a moment . then dom set somthing down on the table . * the nav chip . he must have grab it when they escape the safehouse . * dom meet he eye . dom then we use this . do one last job . * we get reye 's money and we disappear . forever . brian * New passport . New life . no more look over we shoulder . ( beat ) we buy we freedom . the word affect Brian . he consider what dom 's suggest , then -- brian ( cont 'd ) * you know , we be talk about * take down the most powerful guy in Rio . dom nod . dom yeah . Brian think it over . ( conttnitrd '' 37 3rd tan 11/02/10 36a , continued : 37 brian then we be gonna need a team . hard CUT to : ext . rio do janeiro - day a38 the iconic peak of sugarloaf Mountain rise above all Rio . now pull back to reveal dom , Brian and Mia stand at a breathtaking overlook , stare at the city laid out below . mia so what kind of crew be we talk about here ? dom people we can trust . guy who be not afraid to get they hand dirty . brian okay , so let 's run the basis . dom we be gonna need a wheelman . someone who can throw a shadow on reye 24 /7 ... int . local bar - dominican republic ( flash forward ) malo ( f. valentino morale , tfatf , Los bandoleros ) be enjoy himself with a bevy of young lady when he cellphone ring . malo ( pick up ) dimelo , malo react to whoever 's voice he hear on the other end and rise , literally dump a woman off he lap . he drunk - walk across the room to where han ( sung kang , ff : td , f&f ) be laugh , play a drink game with several hot latinas when malo shove the phone in he face . malo ( cont 'd ) yo. phone . han I be busy . malo you be gonna wanna take this one . ( beat ) it 's dom . ( conttnited } or or ro of oe hk de ee he ae to bb 3rd tan 11/02/10 36b . continued : and as han react , a38 smash to : han — exite a train station , bag sling over he shoulder . as he step outside into the daylight , angle around to reveal the city of Rio before he . as he smile , smash back to : dom , brian and mia ( sugarloaf mountain overlook - present ) mia okay . what else ? dom a face they do not recognize . a front man who can look they in the eye ... and lie like a dog . brian ( grin ) I get just the guy .. flash forward to - roman pearce ( tyrese Gibson , 2 f2f ) exite the Rio airport and grab a taxi . then smash back to : dom , brian and mia ( sugarloaf mountain overlook - present ) brian how about a circuit man ? someone who can run electronic surveillance , wire we in ... flash forward to - tej parker ( ludacris , 2 f2f ) in Rio 's inner city , pay cash for a ' 72 dodge maverick at the side of the road . back to shot : dom nod . then —- dom demolition . guy who can punch through whatever wall reye throw up . flash forward to - leo and santos ( tego calderon and Don Omar , f&f ) hitchhike they way across Brazil . po ee ok x re +e ook of F % oe 3rd tan 11/02/10 36c . a38 dom , brian and mia ( sugarloaf mountain overlook - presenta38 mia anyone else ? dom yeah . a utility player . someone who can backup every position and be not shy when it come time to throw down . now flash forward to - a mysterious rider on a overpower motorcycle , rip into Rio across the breathtaking niteroi Bridge . the Rider 's identity be obscure by they racing leather and helmet . as the Rider blast through traffic ~- back to shot : dom ( cont ’d ) and last but not least , we need two precision driver . guy who do not crack under pressure ... and who never lose . mia you have anyone in mind ? dom cut a look to Brian . they share a know grin . dom you be lookin 's at ‘em . *o % a a ee ee of cc 38 a329 b39 3rd yellow 9/23/10 37-39 . omit 38 ext . abandoned automobile plant — establishing - day a39 close in the ' 80s and neglect ever since , forget to time ... int . abandoned automobile plant — continuous b39 chain-hoist and I - beam crisscross the shop roof like iron cobweb . rusting , half - finish car frame be still on the line . ( conttnurd '' b39 3rd yellow 9/23/10 40 . continued : b39 Roman wander through this automotive haunt house , until the sound of a engine turn he around to see a ' 72 maverick pull into the plant . tej parker ( ludacris , 2 f2f ) get out , grin . tes ah hell ! they really scrape the bottom of the barrel . roman they must have if you ass be here . ( have : maverick ) Nice grocery - getter . tet hey , easy on my girl . first car I ever own be a mav . saw one down here , could not resist . roman hey man , my sixth grade teacher be the first woman I ever get freaky with , but you do not see I riding she old ass anymore , do you ? a man . must grow . ( look ) do you know what this be about ? tet o'conner do not say . just hop a plane and come on down . Said it have be worth the trip . just then , a motorcycle rumble into the building . the woman drive it park , she body lithe in she leather . roman ( appreciate the view ) so far , he be not wrong . as the woman pull ‘her helmet off , long dark hair spill out around she face , and we realize it 's gisele ( gal gadot , f&f ) . Roman walk up . roman ( cont 'd ) hey girl , that be some fine leg . what time do they open ? and as Roman grin at he own joke -- instantly , gisele 's hand flash into she waistband , pull a gun , thumb -rack the slide and have the barrel jamme up under he chin before Roman can even react . ( conttnurd y 4 hr oe ob bh b39 3rd yellow 9/23/10 40a. continued : b39 gisele same time I squeeze this trigger . ( lean close , sexy ) want I to open they ? riotous laughter erupt from 0.s8 . , where leo and santos ( tego calderon and Don Omar , f&f ) have enter . Leo turn to Santos . stick out he hand . leo ( subtitle ; spanish ) I tell you she have cut he nut off . pay up . cursing in Spanish , Santos slap a hundie into Leo 's palm . roman yo , if you gonna insult I , do it in English . Santos turn to he . santos I would ... but '' you mother 's a ' ho '' sound better in Spanish . roman you do not just say that . as Roman & tej and Leo & Santos square off bark at one another , han ( sung kang , ff : td , f&f ) come walk up from 0.s. carry a bag of snack chip . munch chip , he sidle up next to gisele , watch the boy go at it . han I think cockfight be illegal in Brazil . she smile . he offer some chip , which she take . they both stand there , munch , watch the testosterone show . and just as it escalate to the point of violence -- dom ( 0.s. ) so I see you have meet each other . and everyone turn to see dom , Brian and Mia stand there . instantly , the crew greet each other . it 's a nice moment . hug and handshake . a tuner family reunion . mia hug Leo and Santos . leo / santos oye , chica ! han look around the space , turn to dom . ( conttnued } oe * + * 3rd yellow 9/23/10 40b . b39 continued : . b39 — _ . ban Nice dig . dom ritz be full . brian greet tej. brian tej , man good to see you . tes Long time , brother . gisele ( approach dom ) you know , when you call I to come to Rio , I assume it would be for something more exciting than this . dom trust 's I . you be not gonna be disappointed . just then , Brian come up with tej and roman. on , brian dom , this be tej . best circuit man on the East Coast . dom and tej shake hand . brian ( cont 'd ) and this be Roman . known he since juvie . do some work together in Miami . dom look at Roman . dom yeah . I hear about you . the two stare at each other . it 's a moment . han - so what 's this all about , dom ? tet ( to Brian ) yeah , why do you drag we halfway around the world ? dom turn to they all , he voice a rumble deep as the sea . a dom ' Cause we get a job . 39 3rd yellow 9/23/10 int . abandoned automobile plant - later the team be gather in the heart of the building , as Brian break down the plan . brian the target 's name be hernan reye . the dude own Rio 's drug scene and he 's never be bust because he never leave a paper trail . gisele no paper trail mean no bank . and no bank mean cash house . brian ( nod ) ten of ‘em , around the city . 40c . 39 listen Brian circle they location on the map for everyone to see . dom we be gonna hit ‘em . te all of they ? dom we take everything . roman I do not know , man . Rolling the toughest dude in a city of tough dude ...? sound like a personal vendetta . that what this be ? dom and Brian look to one another . Roman catch it . roman ( cont 'd ) yeah , I be out . ( turn to leave ) as much as I love y’all , personal be not good business -- dom but 100 million buck be . everyone react , staggered by the amount . Roman literally stop in he track . turn with a big , shit -eate grin . roman do I say this be not for I ..? sometimes I can be a little hasty . dom everything we take , we split even . ( conttnurd kk ob HH ro * of _ os 39 40 3rd yellow 9/23/10 40d . continued : 39 brian ten million apiece . roman ten million ... ( wistful ) that 's a lot of vaginal activity . gisele you can not pull off ten heist on the same mark . han as soon as you hit one , they 's 1ll do everything they can to protect the rest . dom ( grin ) exactly . ext , reye cash house # 1 - establishing - day later 40 on a residential street in a middle - class neighborhood of Rio ... as we watch , a car drive up the block , past the patio of a local restaurant -- at which we notice Leo and Santos , who subtly clock the car as it pass and pull in the driveway of a particular home . there , a cash delivery guy exit and carry a heavy satchel toward the door . oe pe * 4 . 7/7/10 41 , int , reye cash house # 1 - continuous al a dope dealer 's bank -- flood with flat light , man work a slew of money counting machine , reye tough guard a huge pallet of cash . there 's a knock at the door . ' the door guard rise and look through the secuxity peephole . Pov through peephole — we see the Cash Delivery guy stand there , he wave . back f0 shot as the Guard open the door -- and that 's when we see a squad of masked gunmen stand there with a shotgun in the Cash Delivery guy 's back . door guard ( subtitled ) oh shit --! he go for he gun , but ~- wham ! -- the gunman storm the place , control each room , order everyone down , change the mind of that who resist with a smash to the jaw from the shotgun they carry . in the blink of a eye , they own the house without a single bullet be fire . this guy be good . the lead gunman walk to the pallet of money in the middle of the room . a few million dollar . door guard ( cont 'd ) be you crazy ? do you know whose house this be ? who se money you be steal ? lead gunman we be not steal it . and to they utter shock , he douse the money in gasoline ~— and light it up . fawhooooom ! ! door guard you be a dead man . you be all dead man ! there will not be anywhere for you to hide . lead gunman who 's hide ? and with that , the gunman pull off he mask revealing dom . dom you tell you boss who do this . ( beat ) and you tell he he 's get more come . ( contt ned ) +e * ee 41 42 2nd yellow 8/17/10 42 . continued : 41 and as the money burn without any hope of stop it , the team exit . on the way out , Roman grab the Driver 's satchel of cash , .. but as he walk out , Brian grab it from he . roman ( incredulous ) I be gonna share ! and as the team make they getaway , CUT to : int . garage hideout - same time 42 hobb stand watch he team as they finish reassembling the gt40 . fusco place the last piece . fusco voila . hobb turn it over . he do . vrooom ! it run perfectly . fusco diagnostics be fine . hobb : keep look . hobb lean in . check the dash . see the slot for the custom - install navigation device . hobb ( cont ’d ) goddamn shame add bullshit like that to a classic ... might as well slap neon light on it . hobb press the power button on the nav. fusco I be tell you , man , if something be miss , we have kno -- suddenly , a message flash across the navigation display : error . no data detect . please insert nav chip . hobb cut a look at fusco -- you be say ? hobb ( tap the screen ) it 's the chip . just then , macroy , who 's be monitoring the local police scanner frequency , pipe up . ( conttnord '' 4 % ak * of 42 continued : 2nd yellow 8/17/10 42a , 42 macroy we get a hit on the police scanner . armed robbery of a house in leblon . address crosscheck against property own by one of hernan reye 's corporation . ( conttnued ) 42 43 3rd blue 9/7/10 43 . continued : 42 hobb make the connection . hobb if it 's we boy , whatever be on the chip lead they to that house . elena it 's they for sure . wilk yeah ? how do you know that ? elena ' Cause no one else in Rio be stupid enough to rob reye . and as they move out , CUT to : int . reye 's office - establishing 43 reye sit across from two of the most powerful drug lord in South America -- the kingpin of chile and Bolivia . reye ..- look , I would love to expand my * operation into you country , but * frankly you business method be too violent . reye begin fill three glass with port . reye ( cont 'd ) let I tell you a true story ... * 500 year ago , the Spanish and the * portuguese come here , each try * to take the country from the native . the Spanish arrive , gun * blaze , determine to show they who be boss . the drug lord nod they head smugly . reye ( cont 'd ) the native kill every single Spaniard ... then eat they commander . the drug lord 's face fall . reye hand each man a glass . reye ( cont 'd ) I prefer the method of the * portuguese . * ( more ) ( conttinged } a3 continued : 3rd blue 9/7/10 43a . 43 reye ( cont 'd ) they come bear gift -- mirror , scissors , trinket -- thing they could not get on they own ... but to continue receive they , they have to work for the portuguese . ( beat ) that be why all brazilian speak portuguese today . ( beat ) if you dominate a people with violence , eventually they will fight back because they have nothing to lose . and that 's the key . I go into the favelas and give they something to lose -- electricity , run water , school room for they kid . and for that taste of a better life , they gladly slip the slave collar around they own neck . ( raise he glass ) and then I own they . ( conttnorn '' oe 43 2nd cherry 9/3/10 44 , continued : 43 as the man consider , the door open and Zizi come in . * 2121 I apologize for the interruption . * senhor reye , may I speak with you ? int . the next room - moment later * Zizi lead reye in to where the door guard from the cash * house wait . reye ( subtitle ; portuguese ) * explain . door guard ( subtitle ) we be hit . the leblon house -- reye ( subtitle ) by who ? zizi ( subtitle ) the man from the train . reye shake he head . reye ( subtitle ) how much do they take ? door guard ( subtitle ) they do not take anything . ( beat ) they burn it ! reye ( subtitle ) they burn my money ?! door guard ( subtitle ) yes . and say there 's more come . reye consider . pick up a glass paperweight and roll it in he hand , think . reye ( subtitle ) okay . then this be what we be go to do -- and fast as a lion can bare its claw , reye turn and savagely smashes the door Guard in the skull with the weight . * the man drop like a side of beef . * reye turn to Zizi , eye cold as the grave . ( conttnued } 44 747/10 45 . continued : reye turn to Zizi , eye cold as the grave . 43 reye ( subtitle ) ( cont 'd ) clear the house . protective escort with each shipment . I want that money under lock and key within the hour . reye toss he the bloody paperweight , reye ( subtitle ) ( cont 'd ) do we understand each other ? Zizi look at the bloody ~ face cuard writhe on the ground ... and nod . zizl ( subtitle ) clearly . int . reye 's office — continuous reye return to the two South american drug dealer and continue as smoothly as if nothing have happen . reye now , where be we ? series of shot - reye 's cash house - all around the cr ivy 44 -- , pallet of money be break down , pack into bag for shipping . track with one of this money bag as it be hand to one of Zizi 's man . as he exit the cash house , he be escort by a squad of reye ' highly - armed , highly - train security specialist into a blac k& , armore suv . no one would fuck with this guy ... but as they drive away , we hold a beat , then reveal Leo and Santos follow a safe distance back ... leo ( into radio ) number one be on the move . now intercut dom ‘s team as they each follow the different truck through the city , call in they position . ~- roman be eat at a restaurant , clocking everything as , across the street , a reye suv load up at another cash house disguise as a business . when the suv move out , Roman rise and pay he bill . roman ( into radio ) two be head out . ~- gisele be on she motorcycle , follow another black suv on the street . ( cont tnurd } * eee ho ee sar ke oe 44 45 7/27/10 46 . continued : 44 dom ( os ) give ‘em room . this be a fight they be itching for , --__han cruise in a maverick along a gorgeous beach road , follow another . -- then to tej , from the top of the circular skyscraper , where he use binocular to surveil three different armored suv move through the city below like rat through a maze . te I get eye on five and six . -- dom be follow one of reye 's suv when he go through a intersection and see brian follow another on a parallel street , head the same direction . tei ( os ) ( cont 'd ) yo , I know you say they be gonna consolidate the money somewhere ... but you guy be not gonna believe this . as the suv he 's follow pull out into a open area , dom pull into a parking garage with a vantage point at the end of the block , a moment later , Brian join he . then gisele . han. Roman . they find themselves stare at the same location —- brian this job just get a lot harder ... -- we reverse angle and reveal that the building all the su versus be drive into be : rio 's federal police build 45 the massive , monolithic structure function as a jail and a departmental headquarters . it be grim and impregnable and , now , all of reye 's cash be store somewhere inside there . everyone be take aback . brian this job just get a lot harder ... roman tf he 's move it into a police station , he 's get some serious brass in he pocket . Santos nod . {conttnurd } + cee * 7/27/10 47 . 45 continued : 45 santos look like this be go to be a short trip than I think ... leo yeah , we can not hit that place , man . han can not ... ( beat ) ++.0r should not ? Brian step up beside dom , who 's still stare at the building . brian what be you think ? dom I be think ... it do not change a thing . ( turn to Brian ) we stick with the plan . there 's a moment between they . then Brian nod . and as dom and he look back to the station , Roman see the hungry look in they eye . - roman aw , hell ... this just go from Mission : impossible to Mission : you be out of you freakin ' mind ! 46 ext . reye cash house # 1 - later 46 hobb 's gurkha be park at the curb . some light fire damage around the window suggest what have happen inside . cop be everywhere , Elena speak to the cop at the door , then return to hobb . elena they say they will not let we in until the crime scene unit be do . hobb clean , you mean . hobb 's eye scan the scene . hobb ( cont 'd ) do not matter . already get what I need . off she curious look : cconttniued ) ao ae * of of re * + 46 7/15/10 4g. continued : mo 46 elena what be it then ? hobb a message . just then , hobb notice . something down the road . ext , street — intersection — moment later hobb and Elena enter frame . elena should not we be look at reye ? it be he car . this be he cash house . hobb cut she a look . elena ( cont ’d ) hhold up a hand ) I know , I know ... he 's not on you list . he smile , then stop before a traffic light . hobb look up , and Elena follow he eyeline to reveal a photo -radar camera mount on the post . hobb ? ; | I be think we boy would not have bother with a red light when they be get the hell out of dodge . hobb reach up and jam a screwdriver in to the phote-radar - box . hobb ( cont 'd ) you might not want to watch this part , Officer . he grunt and tear off the entire back off the camera housing ! Inside be a digital camera , a radar device and a small hard drive . hobb clip the wire and take the hard drive . hop down . elena this standard evidence collect in the States ? yoo ( cont tne} hr reo of ho +t ee of * % 47 48 49 2nd cherry 9/3/10 48a , continued : and as he slam the traffic box close , slam CUT to ~-- int , federal police build - parking structure - night 47 a black suv snake through the structure , glide past a web of security cameras that catch its pass . soon , the suv arrive at its destination and park . reye and zizi exit the vehicle and walk —- int . federal police build - night 48 the station be busy . as reye and Zizi walk through , the Chief of Police fall in alongside they . all around , officer stop what they be do and look as they pass . reye ( subtitled ; portuguese ) who be this Federal agent run around town ? hobb -- chief of police ( subtitle ) some american cowboy . he 's handle . zizi ( subtitle ) he kill six of we men. ( threaten ) handle he better . chief of police ( subtitle ) he request a rookie patrol officer as he liaison . she have access to nothing . they will not be a problem . eventually , they reach -- the evidence room 4g -- where we see row after row of evidence shelf . but reye move past they to the 8@'x 10 's steel vault at the back of the room . ( conttnurd y * oe of he of 49 50 3rd buff 10/13/10 49-49a , continued : 49 reye place he right hand on a digital palm scanner , which beeps and activate the vault 's electronic key pad . enter he code , the door unlock and swing open to reveal four ton of cash stack inside -- reye 's hundre million dollar . reye ( subtitled ) it 's all here ? z1zi ( subtitle ) yes . reye ( subtitle ) what about toretto and o'conner ? chief of police ( subtitle ) nothing yet , but I have all we officer search , reye ( subtitle ) not good enough . put a price on they head . High enough to get every pair of eye in the city search for they . ( frustrated ) I want they find , now . and as reye slam the vault close and lock , CUT to : int . abandoned automobile plant - night 50 the team have gather . Mia carry a large roll of paper in one hand , mia the beauty of public office ? in one smooth move , she unroll they on the table before everyone ~~ blueprint of the police station . mia ( cont ‘d ) Public record . Brian scan the architectural design , then point to a spot on the print . brian that ' 's where he 's keep the money . the vault in the evidence room . ( conttnord '' * 3rd buff 10/13/10 50 . 50 continued : 50 ia for tet we be break into a police station , people . listen to that word ! han Police station be design to keep people in , not out . brian we do this stealth . get in and get out before they realize we be ever there . dom we need eye in there . we need the make and model of that vault . { omit ecu - brian 's old federal id ] roman who 's the sucker who 's gotta do that ? Brian cut he a look , f~ of ( cont tnied 1 ee wed of 50 will 51 52 53 c~ om 3rd buff 10/13/10 51 . continued : 50 roman ( cont 'd ) aw hell no ...! why I ? brian ( toss he he old badge ) ' Cause you get the biggest mouth . ext . police station - day 51 the place be a nest of activity . int . police station - corridor - continuous 52 Roman saunter down a hall with Brian 's old FBI badge around he neck , carry a small sealed BOX . he nod at the cop he pass . so comfortable , no one question if he belong . ahead , he see a security camera mount on the wall and angle he head so it can not get a clear look at he face . int . police station - evidence counter - continuous 53 a evidence tech man the pass-through counter . Roman walk up to the desk and flash Brian 's Federal i.d. , cover the photo with he thumb , roman special agent o'conner . U.S. Federal Bureau of investigation . the tech squint at the badge . evidence tech it say '' caucasian '' . roman do I look caucasian ? ( change the subject ) I be work a case , get some evidence to be hold , but I need to inspect you storage facility first -- Roman start to walk behind the desk , but the tech stop he . evidence tech nope . roman ( try to charm he ) look , man , I can see you 's / be a professional , I respect that . ( more ) ( conttnord 1 ) 53 continued : Roman nod Roman hand he the box , sign a paper and get out of there . 2nd tan 9/7/10 sia . 53 roman ( try to charm he ) look , man , I can see you be a professional . I respect that . I mean , you look like you work out like a mofo . look how jack that arm be , I bet you bench -- like what ? -- 300 ? 350 ? ( as tech eye he stonily ) come on , brah . my superior just want to know it will be safe . evidence tech it will be safe . roman cool , then just a peek -- evidence tech nope . roman you serious ? you be not gonna help a brother out ? evidence tech nope . and you be not my brother . you Americans ... you barge in and expect the world to take it up the ass for you . roman yo , man , it be not like that -- evidence tech no one enter the facility but authorize evidence processor . now stop waste my time . be you check that shit in or not ? , cow . roman sure , man . whatever you say . Mission fail . ee of ee ete Fe HH hhh * * 54 55 asg b56 56 7/7/10 52 . int . evidence room - continuous 54 the tech enter with Roman 's sealed BOX and place it on a shelf . omitted 55 ext . federal police build ~ minute later asg Roman come walk out . head toward a van park several block up the road . int . van - continuous bs6 Brian and te} be inside talk when Roman throw open the door and hop inside . roman it 's do . I think I make a better special agent than you do . brian depend how you define '' special '' . Brian flip on a video monitor on the side of the van and tej pick up a large remote control device , tei okay , let 's see what we get ... match to : int . evidence room ~ same time 56 the seal box twitches . intercut - tej in van / BOX in evidence room -- tej push one of the thumbstick forward : < 7 and a remote control car burst from the box and tumble to the floor . the impact be quiet because of the large rubber tire . we also see that there be a pinhole camera attach to he frame . -- Brian and Roman watch the video relay from the camera on the monitor as tej guide the car around the evidence xoom , swerving around stack of shelf until he spy reye 's black powder - coat money vault . tei bingo . {continued } ' 3rd yellow 9/23/10 53 . ' continued : 56 brian 56 '' how big you think that be ? eight by ten ? roman bight by twelve -- ted ( definitively ) ten by fourteen . fitted with 18 - inch -thick , steel - reinforce concrete wall with a insulate copper core to protect against thermal lance , a class 3 electronic lock with a surefire griffin retumbler and a biometric palm scanner . ten ton of top of the line security . Brian shoot a look at tej . brian do I want to know how you know all that ? ted T have a life before you know I , o’conner . let 's just leave it at that . ( beat ) she 's a beauty , though . roman beauty , as in good ? ted beauty as in , she 's gonna suck I in , waste my time and never give up the punani . ( beat ) this be one of the toughest vault to crack in the business . and we be not gonna get anywhere with it , unless we have a duplicate to practice with . 57 int . abandoned automobile plant - later 57 the team be gather around the '' blueprint . mia so assume you 's ' 1 figure out a way to breach the safe ... how the hell do we get to it in the first place ? ( conttnued ) 57 58 59 3rd yellow 9/23/10 54 . continued : 57 brian I have be think about it . ( point on map ) the exterior wall to the evidence room be alarmed , so that leave this one -- which be no good because of the guard station -- and this one , which it share with the basement bathroom . roman what about the dough ? that 's gonna be some heavy shit to move . han yeah , you be talk five ton cash weight . brian which be the other thing about the bathroom . it 's get a vent to the parking garage . we pop that , we can pass money through to some wait car . everyone consider . then dom rise . dom leo. Santos . you be up . Leo and Santos jump up from play domino in the corner . dom ( cont 'd ) get we in there . leo you get it , boss . and as they move out , flash forward to : omitted 58 int . utility tunnel —- beneath rio' CITY street - day 59 the two navigate a maze of municipal water pipe , look for a specific line . leo ( subtitle ; spanish ) here it be . find it , they open it up ... and shove a pipe bomb inside . santos ( subtitle ) dude , I think you put too much gunpowder in that one . cconttnurd * er oo * oo 59 continued : Nah , man . 3rd yellow 9/23/10 leo ( subtitle ) it 's good . s4a . 59 ( conttnurd ) 59 60 61 62 63 64 a65 65 66 2nd tan 9/7/10 55 . continued : 59 santos ( subtitle ) yeah , that 's what you say when you blow off chimi 's toe . leo ( subtitle ) ( chuckle ) you think that be a accident , ..? omitted 60 omitted 61 omitted 62 omitted 63 omitted 64 intercut - leo and santos / int . federal police build b65 just then , the evidence tech enter the bathroom and head to where five toilet stall stand open , empty . he select the one in the middle . close the door . beneath the door , we can see he shoe as he lower he pants . his underwear . and just as he sit and relax -- leo and santos set off the bomb . booom ! and as water go rushing through the pipe like a hurricane -- the toilet in the bathroom begin to rumble , then -- ~- booooom ! in the four open stall , the toilet erupt in ten-foot - tall geyser of water . from the close stall in the middle , all we hear be the evidence tech 's cry . evidence tech ai , que dor ! int . federal police build ~ moment later 65 Leo and Santos immediately stride into the building , they toolbox and Water Department outfit granting they unquestion access . leo santos desculpe I ! por favor --!! they make they way to the -- bathroom 66 ( conttnitrd 1 ) 66 67 2nd tan 9/7/10 56 . continued : 66 Leo and Santos throw some caution tape up . santos ( subtitle ; portuguese ) this bathroom be close until further notice . Santos lock the door . but when he turn around -- santos ( cont 'd ) aw , man ... -- he see water everywhere . soaking the wall , drip off the ceiling ... santos ( subtitle ; spanish ) ( cont 'd ) I tell you you use too much ! leo ( subtitle ) too much , too little -- ( shrug ) -- it 's all the same . no snowflake ever fall in the wrong place , you know . santos ( subtitle ) hey ! do not use that Zen shit with I . just because you read some book in the prison library do not make you buddha . leo ( subtitle ) negative . again . the two go to work like a fine-tune machine . Santos begin break through the wall between the bathroom and the evidence room , while Leo start sweeping the opposite wall with a sense device . when the device finally ping on a location , Leo take a sledge and break up the wall ... and pull out a Mass of wire and video cable . Quick as the thief he be , Leo splice the line and attaches a tap transmitter . the second it 's do , he whip open he flip phone and dial . leo ( cont 'd ) yo , we be up . match to : omitted 67 eo he eh HH es * 68 2nd tan 9/7/10 56A . mia ( int . abandoned automobile plant ) 68 on the other end of the phone . she and the team be watch a static-filled video monitor , .. when suddenly it come alive with video image . mia we get it . she hang up and focus on the monitor . the screen be divide into several real - time feed of the police station 's parking garage security cameras . brian four camera . han High end , shit , too . marker optic . hundre degree field of view . ( as they watch ) ten second oscillation -- dom -- and a shifting blind spot between each . look . he point it out on the screen . brian that 's pretty narrow , man . ( continued y 68 69 2nd tan 9/7/10 57 . continued : 68 dom it 's all we be gonna get . gisele * can not we just tap in and replace the image ? of tes Nah , it 's hook up to a digital sync . they have know we be in - system . best we can do be peek . eee * roman you be gonna need a burner of a car to make it through that . * han not just fast . you be look at a dogleg , a hairpin ... we be gonna need something agile . dom nod . dom you mock up a practice course . ( turn to leave ) o'conner and I will take care of the car . * ext . tuner baile - night 69 the underground street racing scene , Rio style . the hot car this franchise have ever scene . the hot girl , too . tuner heaven . and into this world rumble the batter charger . int . charger - continuous the two pass car after hyper-tune car . as they cruise by , dom and Brian admire a tuner hottie in with a perfect bubble ass in short short lean under the hood of she car tweak the engine . dom Home , sweet home . dom and brian park and exit the car . wander through the scene , scoping out the car while the woman scope out they . the sheer sexual energy pour out of this place be electrify . ( cont tnued } 69 2nd tan 9/7/10 continued : sta . dom and Brian be walk along ... when suddenly Brian 69 stop . dom turn to find he stand before a incredibly - sick porsche gt3 . it 's owner , diogo , be revving it for the crowd gather before it . the machine whine like a futuristic spaceship . Brian look at the porsche . ( conttnurd 5 69 2nd buff 8/25/10 continued : brian what do you think ? dom maybe . brian ( admire ) she 's clean . v2 supercharger ... bosch injector ... diogo ( 0s ) held the record on the avenida three year run . just then , the hood slam down -- revealing diogo . diogo ( cont ‘d ) you get a lot of ball to bring you problem here , toretto , dom and Brian share a look . 58 . 69 diogo ( subtitled ; portuguese ) ( cont ’d ) ( to he crew ) not to mention a cop . every racer in the place look grim at the word '' cop '' . dio Word on the street be there 's a lot of people look for you two . ( then : ) what , you do not think we would recognize you ? dom I be count on it . ( be : porsche ) you little slipper may rule the avenida ... but that warhorse -~ ( indicate the charger ) ~- have race two continent without see a single set of taillight . ( conttnured } * oe 2nd buff 8/25/10 59 . continued : '' 69 Diego smile , amused by the imply challenge . 69 diogo she 's about to . ( beat ) you may be a legend in the States -~ ( beat ) -— but you be a long way from home . dom indicate the driver 's seat of the charger . dom that 's my home . diogo well , shit ... you about to be homeless , bro. ( turn to he crew ; in portuguese ) dominic toretto 's ride in my garage . now that will be a nice trophy . as he boy snicker , diogo turn back to dom . diogo ( cont 'd ) let 's go , legend . car for car . and as the crowd erupt with anticipation , Brian look to dom , and as the two grin -- hard CUT to : at70 omitted a70 eo * 70 71 bat2 3rd yellow 9/23/10 60-61. int . abandoned automobile plant - day 70 dom and Brian both drive in , Brian in the newly - acquire porsche , dom in he charger . everyone stare as they return . int . abandoned auto plant - camera course -— moment later 71 Brian sit in the porsche at the start of the course -- a serpentine run border by orange cone and monitor by videocameras . the rest of the team sit at a tuner version of video village . four synchronize monitor , each cover a different part of the track . dom all right , o’conner . give it you best shot . . Brian nod , redline the gt3 and burn out of there ! int . / ext . porsche gt3 - running the course Brian rip through the straightaway and scream through the turn . he 's do a solid job , but -- the team catch flash of he on the monitor -- he be not go fast enough . finally , he finish the course . brian how would I do ? han cameras catch you . brian I be squeezing every bit of juice out of it . dom ( nod ) we be gonna need a faster car . CUT to : omit bat2 ~ at2 3rd yellow 9/23/10 62 . int . garage hideout - favela - day a772 macroy have hook up the photo-radar camera to he computer monitor . hobb and Elena watch as he scan through the hundred of photo . macroy what time be the robbery ? elena around 11 o'clock . macroy jump to that batch of pic . macroy here we go . he bring up a picture of a bang - up charger run the red light , along with a van behind it . hobb enhance it . enhancing it with he computer , they can see the driver and the passenger be wear bandanas tie across the bottom half of they face . elena they face be cover . hobb yeah , they think they be clever . ( beat ) they be not . ( to macroy ) run it through the FRS . macroy highlight each of the occupant 's face and run it through the most advanced facial recognition software on the market against every major criminal database the planet . despite the bandanas cover the majority of they face , the software match 26 point of similarity on just the expose brow and nose portion of they face , and — — bing ! the computer flash : '' positive Identity Match '' . and the photo that come up of the driver be dom 's. hobb ( cont 'd ) well hello you son of a bitch ... then ~- bing ! -- the passenger come up . han . ( conttniued '' mo at2 b72 3rd yellow 9/23/10 63 . continued : at2 hobb ( cont 'd ) interesting ... ( turn to wilk ) wilk , run the photo of know associate of toretto and o’conner against custom entry into Brazil in the last two week . check plane , train , boat . everything short of the goddamn space shuttle , she do the entry and -- bing ! Roman pop up . bing ! gisele . bing ! bing ! bing ! tej. leo. Santos . they all have fake name , fake passport , fake i.d .as . but it 's they . hobb ( cont ’‘d ) they can change they name , but they can not change they face . elena ( concerned something big be go down . hobb be think the exact same thing . he turn to wilk . hobb that 's a 1970 charger . upload that specs into the database and have the computer crosscheck with overhead satellite every fifteen minute . the van behind it , too . if that vehicle move on the street of Rio , I want to know it . ext . tuner baile - night b72 . dom and Brian be back . as they enter the scene -— - voice ( os ) Los bandoleros ! dom ' and Brian turn to see diogo walk up . diogo we be hope you would come back . bunch of contender want a shot at you . diogo point to where a group of hungry - eyed racers be assemble , chomping at the bit to race . diogo sidle up next to dom and Brian . speak privately . diogo ( cont ’d ) what do you say about go into business together ? JI can set up some profitable race for you . ( conttnurd } 3rd yellow 9/23/10 b72 continued : brian what 's you end ? * diogo well ... ( sheepishly ) -- I do need a new car . and off dom and Brian 's look , we hard CUT to : 63a . b72 c72 3rd yellow 9/23/10 64 . series of shot - ( int . abandoned automobile plant ) c72 the team take run at the camera course in the new car dom and Brian have win -- a Nissan 370Z -- show off they individual style . Mia drive , sleek as a cheetah . Roman push it too far and spin out . han drift smooth as silk . but none of they beat the camera . gisele let I try . han throw she the key . she snatch they out of the air . hop in the car and burn through the course , so tight and so fast -- and with one long unbelievable drift move -- han can only stare in awe . han I think I be in love ... but as she finish the course , even gisele get catch by the camera . as the car growl to a stop before they : * roman solid ... but camera three catch ya . suddenly -- sfx : a truck horn blast -- and a flatbed pull in carry some massive object , cover by a tarp . [ note : malo delivering the safe to be complete per director ] Leo begin unstrap the tarp . tej step up . tet so what no he bring ? leo the piggy bank you order . Leo yank the tarp down , revealing a duplicate vault -- identical to reye 's except for a blue powder coating . tet Holy ... santos same model , different color . best we could do on short notice . ted how the hell do you get one of that ? ( conttnurd 1 ce oe 3rd yellow 9/23/10 64a , c72 continued : c72 han clap tej on the shoulder , quote he from the van . han we have a life before you know we . han and tej be stare at the vault as dom and the other walk up . tet I ’lil get to work on the electronic tumbler , but there 's another problem . the palm scanner . without reye 's handprint , houdini himself could not open this bitch . leo how do you know it 's reye 's hand print ? ted you get a hundred million dollar inside a safe , you gonna have someone else 's handprint on it ? Santos cut a look at Leo . " santos yeah , stoopid . leo there you go with that negativity . that shit 's gonna eat you alive , man . roman how the hell we gonna get reye 's print ? in answer to that question -- dom han . you be up . han sure . nothing like the easy stuff ... as he turn to leave , gisele cut he off with the car . . gisele let 's go . 1/11 drive . and off han 's surprised look , CUT to : ee ee hk oe ee * * % + of ot 72 3rd yellow 9/23/10 64b . ext . copacabana palace - beach club - next day 72 reye socialize in the heart of the exclusive , open -air beach club ... now pull back to reveal -- han and gisele sit at a beach bar , clocking reye from a distance . gisele sit in a bikini top and sarong , sip a caipirinha . not a care in the world . han ( munch bar mix ) I make six bodyguard . gisele Seven . ( nod to someone you think that guy with the fanny pack be a tourist ? there 's a moment . han 's impressed . then : han so_how long be you in the military ? the question take she aback . han ( cont ’d ) gun you pull the other day be a jericho 941 . and thumb-rack the slide ? npop a chip in he mouth ) that be straight - up mossad . she have never say it , but she 's impressed . consider , then -- gisele I get out of the military probably at the same time you quit smoking . he cock a eyebrow at she . she hold up the snack bowl . gisele ( cont 'd ) amount of chip you eat ? the way you always have to keep you hand and mouth busy ? you be a two - pack - a- day man for sure . ( then ) unfilter . han smirk -- touché . then turn back to the job at hand . ( conttnued ) 72 3rd yellow 9/23/10 64c. continued : 72 han well this be a bust . there 's no way we be gonna get he print out here . we be gonna need to do some more recon , pull in a couple extra guy -- gisele ore.s gisele finish she drink and rise , stretch like a cat . gisele ( cont 'd ) +». you do not send a man to doa woman 's job . gisele walk across the sand toward the beach club and reye . along the way , she untie her sarong and let it fall to the ground , revealing she bikini bottom beneath . han 's jaw literally fall open at she stunningly sexy form . mesmerized , all he can manage to do be shove more chip into he gape mouth ... quick time cut : han watch from afar as gisele catch reye 's eye . then be stand beside he . flirting with amazing skill . he 's laugh . she 's laugh . and when reye jokingly slap her on the ass , hard CUT to : 73 74 75 3rd yellow 9/23/10 65 . int . abandoned automobile plant — later 73 dom be watch tej practice on the electronic tumbler of the duplicate vault when han and gisele return . han be carry she bikini bottom . roman ( to han ) Nice panty . they yours ? han we get the print . tet where ? without a word , gisele flick on a black light and angle it over she bikini bottom -- and now we can see reye 's palm print glow on the rubber- like material . tej nod , impressed . tei ( cont 'd ) that 's 11 work . tej use a digital camera to take a picture of the print and upload it to the computer . tei ( cont 'd ) get it . omitted 74 meanwhile , on the other side of the plant 75 Mia be work on a laptop computer when Brian come in . he look at she , he expression awkward , sweet and worried all at the same time . . : brian so ...how be you feel ? he 's talk about the pregnancy . she know it . : mia I be fine . ( reassure he ) really . he smile and start rub she shoulder , and she 's relax into it , when suddenly she eye go wide and she bolt up , stare at the computer . ( conttnurd * * 75 3rd pink 9/9/10 66 . continued : 75 mia ( cont 'd ) * oh no ... int , abandoned automobile plant - later the whole team be gather around Mia 's laptop . the screen * be open to a U.S. government website , and on it be wanted bulletins of the whole team . mia this come up on the international watch list . brian Whole team 's be burn . mia now we be all want . han point at a mugshot from Roman 's youth . * han * you should be want . that hair be criminal . roman yo , that be the style , bro . * gisele how do this happen ? dom I get a pretty good idea . mia the U.S. diplomatic Security service issue the warrant . agent * L. hobb , * Brian take the computer . Hit a few key . brian this the guy you see in the favela ? Brian turn it around . there 's a picture of hobb on it . dom yeah . ( conttnited y 3rd pink 9/9/10 67 . continued : 75 Brian react , clearly wishing dom have say no . 75 brian his name be luke hobb . he run the top strike team for the dss . tet so he 's good . brian when the fed can not find someone , they call hobb . he 's never miss a target . {beat ) the guy 's serious Old Testament , dom -- blood , bullet , wrath of God . mia and right now he 's hunt we . the word hang like a executioner 's noose . han we gotta move we timetable up . roman how ? this job 's hard enough without Wyatt earp on we ass . we need room to breathe . dom turn and begin to walk off . dom all right , then . come on —- brian where we go ? dom to get we some fresh air . 76 int . garage hideout - favela - night 76 wilk be work at the computer when -~ bing ! wilk we get a hit . ' 70 charger . eastbound on avenida atlantica . hobb let 's go ! move it ! and as he man run for they car -- * hr eh * 78 2nd buff 8/25/10 68. int . gurkha - drive - night . 77 hobb 's team hone in on the signal . wilk it 's stop . a block ahead ! hobb Park it . we be go on foot . ext . rio street ~ night 78 hobb and he man move up on foot . round the corner to find : the tuner baile stretch out before they in full swing . light . Music . hundred of car , girl , racer . we track with hobb as he and he team prowl through the scene . we see they skill as they sweep through the scene , use signal , work in conjunction . tension mount as they hunt . but soon , hobb spot someone that look to be dom stand with he back to they , check out a car engine among a group of tuner . hobb there , hobb and he team close in . it seem to be happen too easily . and just as we nre certain it 's only go to be someone who look like dom -- hobb ( cont 'd ) toretto , -- the figure turn to reveal : it be dom . hobb ( cont ’d ) you be under arrest . dom I do not feel under arrest . you ? he turn and we see brian be next to he . brian not even a little . fconttnitrn 2nd buff 8/25/10 69 . continued : hobb 78 ( draw he handcuffs ) give it a minute , it will sink in . glancing around , dom notice that Elena be wear letty' necklace he drop when he save she life . brian we do not kill that fed . it be reye -- hobb I do not give a shit . I be just here to bring in two asshole whose name hit my desk . brian speak like a true hero . hobb ( be : Brian ) that 's funny come from a guy who take a oath of a cop and then go against everything it stand for . ( be : dom ) or some prick who beat a man half to death with a socket wrench . the memory get under dom 's skin . hobb know it . hobb ( cont'd turn around . hand behind you back . dom I do not think so . hobb you mistake be think you get a choice . in perfect synchronization , hobb 's team draw there gun . four gun barrel zeroed in on dom 's chest . but dom do not even flinch . dom and you mistake be think this be the States . ( beat ) it be not . and that 's when the tuner around dom all pull gun and draw down on hobb . we recognize several of they from earlier baile scene , include diogo and the other racer Brian best , as well as dom and Brian 's entire crew . ( conttnmen y ae oe ot a * of * 78 2nd buff 8/25/10 69a . continued : hobb ' team be outgunned 10 - to - 1 . 78 dom ( cont 'd ) this be Rio . it 's a mexican standoff . dom and hobb hold each other 's gaze -- pitbull about to fight . see thing about to go sideways , chato step forward . quietly start to pull hobb away . chato come on , boss . another day . come on ... hobb resist a moment longer , stare dagger at dom , gritting he tooth so hard he jaw creak . every fiber in he be want to throwdown . but he master the impulse . hobb ( threaten as hell ) see you soon , toretto , and turn and stride away . ( conttnurd 1 * ee % % 78 79 a80 2nd goldenrod 8/21/10 70 . continued : as hobb 's team walk off , dom and Elena share a final curidié look ... which she eventually break off and hurry to catch up . and as dom stand there , watch she disappear into the night , match to -- hobb 's gurkha as it thunder to life and roar out of there ... revealing fej , who be lay beneath it . as the gurkha disappear , tej sit up . flip open he phone . tes tracker 's on . dom kill the call . but as the other move off , he stand there , think about what he see around Elena 's neck ... dissolve to : ext , favela - night 79 Elena return for the evening to she home -- a humble one - room dwelling in the heart of the favela . int . elena' home - night a80 she enter and light a candle . no electricity here . set she gun on a table and head toward she bedroom when -- sfx : a noise . a somewhere in the apartment . slowly , she move back for she gun ... ..- and be shocked to find it 's no longer there . heart pound , she wheel and find a figure stand right behind she ! ( continued '' a80 3rd yellow 9/23/10 7h. continued : : a80 Elena instantly throw a punch , but the intruder be faster , seizing she hand and slamming she against the wall . she try to scream , but he other hand cover she mouth . it 's dom . Elena 's eye be wide and the moment be alive with the threat . dom 's hand begin to slide down she body , but rather than molest she , he fist close around letty 's necklace and , with a single tug , yank it from around she neck . that 's what he come she for , and with it in hand , he turn to leave . he 's almost make it out the door when Elena find she voice . elena I do not understand ... why come here ? why risk it all for twenty dollar worth of silver ? dom stop , but do not look back . dom ' Cause it 's worth it . elena you should run , you know . hobb will find you . or reye 's death squad . you have every reason to leave . why stay ? now dom turn to she . dom why do you ? she glance around the apartment , she eye finally come to rest on a photo of she husband . elena my husband be a good police officer . a honest man . we both grow up here . everyone in this neighborhood be like ... family . ( wemember , then darker ) two year ago , he be murder in the street , right outside we door . though tear rise in she eye , she refuse to wipe they , or let they fall . there be deep steel in this woman . ( conttnitrd } a80 80 3rd yellow 9/23/10 72 . continued : a80 elena ( cont 'd ) reye own this favela now . he give thing to the people ... but everything have a price . ( beat ) the people here need a new start . need to be free . ( meet he eye ) I will not leave until it get that . dom nod . and the way he do , she ' realize he just get she to answer she own question about he . and stare at he , she realize something else . elena ( cont 'd ) you do not kill that man on the train , do you ? dom now why would you believe anything I say ? dom turn to leave . but as he reach the door , she call out one final time . elena be she so special to you ? she indicate the necklace . dom consider , then —- , dom I use to think no one could understand how much . he glance at the picture of she dead husband . then meet she eye . dom ( cont ’d ) | but I think you know exactly . and then dom 's go , leave Elena , welling up , alone in the apartment she share with the ghost of the love of she life ... dissolve to : ecu - a computer screen 80 display a digital map of Rio ... and on it , a tiny blip be move , represent the bugge gurkha prowling through the city . pull back to reveal we be : ee oe 2nd goldenrod 8/21/10 72a . int . abandoned automobile plant - night Brian be monitoring the tracking bug on a computer screen when Mia come up behind he . put she arm around he neck . brian could not sleep . ( after a moment ) every time I close my eye , it 's like something 's sneaking up on I . ( conttnien '' of oo 80 3rd yellow 9/23/10 73 . continued : slowly Mia turn Brian 's chair away from the screen . 80 mia you sure it 's what 's out there that 's worry you ? Mia sit in he lap . brian I have screw up so many thing ... Brian place he hand gently on she lithe belly . brian ( cont 'd ) I just want to make sure I do not screw this up too . Mia wrap she arm around he . mia no matter where we be , no matter what we have to do , as long as we be together , everything will be all right . ( meet he eye ) and that 's all that matter . the word heal he worry . it 's a moment between they brian I will not let you down , Mia . and Mia kiss he . mia I know . across the plant , han finish a final drifting pass at the camera course , push a newly - acquire subaru to its very limit ... and fail . santos nope . han the window 's too small . the only way to beat the camera be with invisible car . dom consider . then nod . , dom and I know just where to get ‘em . hard CUT to : 81 82 7/27/10 74 . ext . car lot - dead of night 81 surrounded by a chain link fence and barb wire . ina series of quick , subjective shot , we see the team 's van pull up next to the fence . dom , Brian , Roman and han get out . hop on top and use it to vault over the fence . ext . downtown rio - a desolate intersection - night 82 the intersection be completely empty . then -- sfx : the throaty rumble of a v8 get closer . soon , a 2011 police charger cruise to a stop at the white line , beneath the red glow of the traffic signal . but as we push in , we see that dom be behind the wheel . as he wait -- sfx : another engine , growl closer . moment later , brian pull up in a identical police charger . brian be awhile since I have drive one of this . dom I have never be in the front seat . just then , han glide up . then Roman , who hit the light and siren -~- wooop - woocooop ! brian you take so long , I be expect you to roll up with some chrome rim on that thing . roman man , I always want to open one of this up . ( beat ) a hundred grand say I waste you all in a quarter-mile . brian you be not get a hundred grand . roman I will if we pull off this job . ( beat ) a hundred grand . to the next red light down there . {cont tniurd '' +h 7/27/10 742 , 82 continued 82 han we do not pull this : job , we be probably dead ' anyway . might as well make it a million . they all look to one another . '' ( conttnued } 3rd yellow 9/23/10 75 . 82 continued : 82 will ' brian million dollar quarter-mile ? they all think about it . then -- all right . roman you only live once . let 's do this ! brian dom ? dom we racin '' or we talkin’ ? the four police car judder thunderously at the line . all four roar like steel dragon , perfectly equal . the moment be electric . Brian turn to dom. brian you gonna cheat this time ? ~ dom you really gotta let that go . 3rd yellow 9/23/10 76 . series of shot - the race everyone focus on the red light , sense it 's about to turn . roman be antsy . han be chill . brian be ready . dom be one with he car . Roman close he eye , concentrate on he breathe . roman use the Force , Rome ... let go you bad - ass self ... all the car be wait , revving they engine . then suddenly -- roman jump off the line , anticipate -— - brian too early , bro . -- but the light instantly change to GREEN . Roman take the lead as the other burn off the line . roman yes !! dom , Brian , han and Roman rip down the road , jockey for position , trash talk each other , have fun . this i : at racing is_all about . pumped that he 's in the lead , Roman flash he cruiser 's light and siren like crazy —- whoooop - whooop ! pick up the mic to the car 's loudspeaker . roman ( over loudspeaker} ( cont 'd ) get use to the view , boy ! as he cackle , they speed toward a line of parked car on both side of the road , narrowing it down to two lane . stuck on the outside lane , Brian have to gun it and CUT hard in front of dom to narrowly avoid smash into the park car . Brian cut across the middle lane , criss - crossing with Roman and drawing even -- roman ( cont ’d ) do not you step up on I , Brian . but as they do , there 's a momentary gap between they --— and dom sees it . downshift and gun it hard and -- vrrrrooooom ! -- blast through the gap with only millimeter to spare on either side ! roman ( cont 'd ) hey --!! ( continued ) of ee + 83 3rd yellow 9/23/10 76a . continued : now dom and Brian be in the lead . behind , han see where the park car on Roman 's side of the road end -— . han come through . ~ - and juke hard to cut Roman off and win the lane . roman aw , come on !! as they near the finish line , the four car be cluster in a close group ; dom and Brian in the lead , han and Roman trail behind . Brian and dom pull ahead , put distance between themselves and the other . it come down to just they . the two burn down the road like they be try to break the sound barrier . they lock to one another . they both want this . it 's neck and neck , look to be a photo finish , but in the final ten yard -- Brian burst forward , and just edge dom as they scream across the finish line . Brian shout in victory . brian yeah ! ! Roman howl he defeat . roman nooo00 --! han be bum . han damn ... but dom simply have a enigmatic look on he face , not give a single thing away ... int . abandoned automobile plant - night 83 dom and the other park they cop car and get out . dom good race , o'conner . brian thanks , dom . ( conttnued 1 hoe or oe 3rd yellow 9/23/10 76b. 83 continued : 83 and as dom walk off , han and Roman come up to Brian , who be grin like the cat that eat the canary . brian ( cont ‘d ) man , you have no idea how long I have be wait for that . han turn to Roman . han told you he do not see it . brian what be you talk about ? roman you boy . dude let off the throttle at the line . mclap he shoulder ) he let you win . brian bullshit . Brian say it with confidence ... but when han and Roman walk off , we see doubt creep into he face ... a ' slow dissolve to : 84 ext . rio — farmer' market - next day 84 a open- air marketplace , jamme with vendor . basket of every colorful fruit and vegetable you can imagine ... ( conttnurd y 84 85 3rd pink 9/9/10 77 . continued : 84 Mia be walk toward the market to get food for the team . but as she draw near -- suddenly Mia 's grabbed from behind . she try to scream , but a rough hand cover she mouth . as strong arm drag she into a alley , she struggle in terror . voice ( os ) stop it ! Mia , stop it !! now we reveal she captor be : vince you be in danger . look ... he point ... and she see Zizi and he man comb the marketplace , look for she . vince ( cont ’d ) they be wait for you . it 's a trap . slowly , Vince release she ... but instead of push away , she turn and hug he . Vince awkwardly hold she . int . abandoned automobile plant - afternoon 85 the team be get ready for a last dinner before the heist . they be talk , cooking , drink beer -- when suddenly the door open and Mia enter . a moment later , Vince follow , unsure , instantly , everyone react . time stop . Brian start walk to confront Vince . but Mia take he hand -- mia it 's okay . -- and lead he forward into the room . brian what be you do , Mia ? mia reye 's guy be wait for I at the market . Vince save my life . there 's a beat . then -- dom ( 0.s. ) you hungry ? ( conttnued } 85 86 3rd salmon 10/14/10 78 . continued : 85 Vince turn to find dom loom right behind he . Vince hesitates , not sure what 's go to happen . vince --yeah ...sure ... dom good -- ( walk off ) -- ' Cause you be sayin’ grace . Vince be overwhelm by the word he never think he have hear again . and as he smile , Brian walk up -- brian ( 0s ) hey . he nod toward Mia in the b.g. means this sincerely : brian ( cont 'd ) thank you . he offer Vince a beer . Vince look at the peace offer ... then take it , bury the hatchet once and for all . Friends . int . abandoned automobile plant - a little later 86 we track through the scene as the team finish last minute prep , cooking dinner , etc . dom be tinkering on a engine in the b.g. , while Mia lounge in Brian 's arm , listen to Leo , Santos , Roman , tej and han drink beer and man a bbq make from a 50 - gallon oil drum . santos yo , you burn it ! leo relax , man , this be how my mama cook it . santos yeah ... and you mama 's the worst cook in the dominican ! as Leo smack he with the bbq tong , tej turn to Roman , roman so what be you go to do with the money , man ? tet thinkin 's about open a garage back home . place where people can take they car and not get rip off . cconttnuen '' ee ed 3rd salmon 10/14/10 78a . 86 continued : 86 roman you serious ? you dream 's a day job ? tet you do what you love -- ( shrug ) -- it ain not a job at all . santos ( try to bite into meat ) I know what I be do with the money . buying this fool some cooking lesson so he stop burn the meat . roman that 's gonna take a lot more than ten mile . they laugh . leo you do what you want , but money do not matter to I anymore , bro . it do not affect I . ( conttnued ) the of 86 continued : 3rd salmon 10/14/10 79 . 86 santos do not affect you --? dude , you be sweat a twenty dollar bet last time we go to the casino . I think you be gonna have a heart attack , leo yeah , but that be not I no more . and as they argue , we move on to dom , tinkering on a engine when vince walk up . he hesitates for a moment , try to find the right word , vince listen , dom ... I know you be all set for this job tomorrow ... but if you need a extra hand , anything , I could really use -- dom you be in . vince really . .? dom look he in the eye . dom always get room for family . and as Vince sit there , move , the camera find gisele and han sit across from each other . the two kindre spirit hold each other 's eye -- a energy between they . ( conttnurd V ro oe * x of 3rd salmon 10/14/10 80 . 86 continued : 86 han man , you love do this , huh ? gisele when you life be on the line , that 's when you really learn about yourself . han ( think about it ) that 's a fair deal . and as the two share another glance -- the camera track back to roman who 's offer beer bottle around . but as he go to give a couple to Brian and Mia -— mia oh , no thanks . roman you sure ? brian she can not . Roman stop at the slip-up . roman can not ..? ( scrutinize they ) wah ... you be not ... mia ( nod ) yeah . brian ( smile ) she be . and Roman drop he bottle -- smash ! now everyone turn . roman ho-lyyy shit ! now it all make sense ! ( then point at dom that 's why he let you win the quarter -mile ! that money be a bab ift !! and as Roman laugh , everyone else come up . team ( various ) you be have a baby ?! shut up ! be you serious ? congratulation !! ( conttniten 3 86 87 3rd pink 9/9/10 81 . continued = 86 it 's a great , happy moment . everyone celebrate . Brian * turn to dom , * brian * baby gift , huh ? * dom * I do not know what you be talk * about . * * Brian shake he head , exasperate . dom raise he beer in toast . everyone fall silent . * dom ( cont 'd ) * money will come and go , but the * most important thing in life will * always be the people in this room , * right here , right now . * dom meet the eye of each one of he motley crew around the auto plant . * dom ( cont 'd ) oraise he beer bottle ) salud , mis familia . and as the team clink bottle -- dissolve to : int . abandoned automobile plant ~ morning 87 the team be antsy , ready to go . han and Roman wait in they police car . Leo and Santos slip into they Department of Water disguise . gisele and tej make last minute check of equipment . Brian and Mia sit in front of the computer monitoring the * tracker on hobb 's gurkha when dom walk up . check the screen , mia * hobb be on the other side of the city . we be not gonna get a better window . dom nod and turn to the other . dom we be move out ! get to you position . one by one , the car roar to life and speed away . Roman . han. gisele . tej. Leo and Santos . ( conttnitrd '' 87 3rd pink 9/9/10 82 . continued : 87 +- until all that 's leave be dom , Brian , Mia and Vince . brian be say goodbye to Mia , both painfully aware this could be the last time they see one another . he notice how worried she be , but be try she best not to show it . brian Hong Kong . bali. Moscow ... know what they all have in common ? mia ( she smile ) no extradition , brian we be one hour away from the rest of we life . and as Brian kiss she forehead -- dom walk across the plant and get into he police car . * start it up -- broooom ! dom revs the engine ... then turn and take one final look at Brian and Mia together . the two be hold each other tenderly . see he sister so in love satisfy some paternal part of dom 's soul . turn away , dom shift into drive and just as he 's about to burn out of there -- a flash of movement catch he eye and dom turn back to see hobb 's gurkha roaring into the plant , follow by he bounty hunter 's yukon . brian and mia see it , too . as the vehicle scream to a stop , Brian yank Mia to she foot -- brian come on ! and the two run as -- int . gurkha - as it scream into the plant - continuous * hobb see dom 's iconic ' 70 charger dead ahead . it 's the car that represent dom , the outlaw lifestyle . hobb aim straight for it , stomp the gas and -- * * + crrrunnnch !! the gurkha obliterate the charger in a shower * of ttere piece ! * cconttnite '' 87 3rd pink 9/9/10 83 . continued : hobb and he team surge out of the vehicle . they take 87 * Vince down right away , then streak toward the flee Brian * and Mia like a pack of hunt dog after prey . hobb be at the head of the pack when -- dom ( os ) hobb ! hobb turn to spot dom stand across the plant . the sight awaken something primal in he . hobb ( to he man ) get o'conner . go , * % and hobb turn and start stride towards dom . * hobb ( cont 'd ) * take I a while to find that tracking chip . he flick the chip at dom . * hobb ( cont 'd ) * but not as long to flip the * receiver . * now he raise he gun at dom , center mass . hobb ( cont 'd ) you be go down , toretto . dom spread he arm wide . dom I be right here . the challenge be undeniable and awaken something primal in he . hobb holster he gun . and as they reach each other , they both haul back and throwdown -- explode into action and try to kill each other . the fight rage . the plant 's office be utterly demolish by this two equally - match warrior . whereas hobb fight with tactical precision hone by year of military training , dom 's style be all street -- brutal and animalistic . ( note : fight to play out per director choreography . ] lock in a battle to the death , the two go crash through the office window . they land amid hobb 's man who instantly surround they . see they gun come up , Mia cry out . ( conttnued } 87 3rd pink 9/9/10 83a , continued : mia 87 dom ! . but dom and hobb do not care . they keep fight , unable to stop . eventually , hobb gain a tactical advantage and draw he gun to end the fight . and in that moment -- dom ‘s Pov - dom catch a glimpse of Mia and Brian be hold at gunpoint by hobb 's man . the sight fill dom with rage . quicker than think , dom knock hobb 's gun from he hand , send it skitter away . dom snatch up a socket wrench . hobb 's team zeroe in they weapon on dom . and just as dom 's about to swing away and the hunter be about to pull they triggers ~- cconttnitrd y 87 88 89 cherry 8/2/10 84 . continued : a single sound cut through the bloodlust . Mia 's pierce 87 scream . mia ( os ) ( cont 'd ) dom ! I barely in control , dom look up and see she there , hold at gunpoint by hobb 's man . and hearing the fear in she voice , he remember the promise he make to stay together ... and slowly lower he hand . hard CUT to : ext . rio CITY street - day 88 hobb 's car drive in formation , on they way to the airport -- one yukon in front , one in back and the gurkha in the middle . int . hobb 's gurkha - drive . 89 dom , Vince , Brian and Mia be cuffed in the back . ( conttnued 1 cherry 8/2/10 85 . continued : 89 the moment be somber , the only sound the wheel of the vehicle roll implacably on . mia stare at she brother who sacrifice so much for she ... brian watch Mia watch dom . see through they what it truly mean to be family ... elena stare out the window , morally tear ... and in front , chato drive while hobb finish a call . hobb «yeah , we be come in . head to the airport now , have the marshal meet we when we touch down . hobb hang up . but for someone who should be flushed with victory , hobb be surprisingly just the opposite . something have get under he skin . what happen at the auto plant have challenge he entire philosophy . he glance up at the rearview stare at dom , who sit stoically , try to piece together the enigma that dom be -- but when he eye come down , he see something in the road ahead . and react , hobb ( cont ’d ) ambush ! everyone turn and through the front windshield they see one of Zizi 's skull - mask gunman fire a rpg right at they ! before they can react , the rocket streak across space to -- booooom ! the yukon in front of the gurkha become a fireball . the force of the blast hurl the yukon into the air , send it flipping into a fence . ( conttnurd '' HH ok oe * 89 cherry 8/2/10 86 . continued : 89 the gurkha swerve into the smoke -- crrrunch ! -- smashes over a park car . when the gurkha settles , hobb spot one of he man , fusco , in the flip yukon be still alive , struggle to get out . as bullet begin to rain down on the gurkha —- hobb ( into radio ) ( cont 'd ) wilk , suppress fire ! lock ‘em down ! ( turn to chato ) stagger -step . cover I ! -- hobb throw open the rear door . the dirt in the street literally jump with so many bullet come down . hobb leap out into it , return fire as he run . chato follow a heartbeat behind . as bullet rake across the shell of the vehicle , Brian strain at the bar they be cuffed to . brian CUT US loose ! vince come on !! under the constant barrage , the bulletproof window around they begin to shatter . Mia look to Elena , who hesitates , catch in the grip of she ultimate moral dilemma . to release they would go against everything she 's ever be raise to believe . unsure of what to do , she look to dom ... and there 's something about the quiet confidence of he look -- the fact that he know she will make the right decision -- that let she decide . oe ext . ambush - continuous with hobb as he 's run to fusco , fire . but as he look up , he see another rpg shriek at they . boooom !! the rpg take out the second yukon , and the blast smashes hobb against a wall . Pov hobb - continuous daze and deafen from the blast ... he look up and see chato shouting at he , racing toward he -- then get torn apart by bullet . ( continite } of *% +e ek cherry 8/2/10 86a . continued : try desperately to command he injure body to rise , but fail , he look over at fusco ... and see grenade landing around he overturn car . fusco try to get out , but boom ! stun , hobb see zizi and he gunmen come stride through the smoke . cold as ice . gun smoking . and just as they raise they gun and be about to take he out —- ( conttnited ) 89 ag1 90 3rd GREEN 10/7/10 87 . continued : suddenly , Zizi ' 's man all start get CUT down . . 89 hobb look back and all he can see be Brian and Vince lay down cover FIRE , while dom risk life and limb to race through the barrage of gunfire to grab he up and drag he back toward the gurkha . even daze , hobb can not believe it . as dom and hobb draw near , Vince put himself in the line of fire , lay down suppressive fire to cover they , and Brian 's , retreat into the gurkha . only when they be safely inside , do he jump in after they . int . gurkha —- continuous ag ] they all get in the car . Elena slam the throttle and get they the hell out of there . there be .a moment where they all can not believe they make it ... vince hey dom ... ( dom look at he ) you really gotta meet my son , nico . but Vince 's eye look tired . his face be white . something be not right . and that 's when dom see the red stain blossoming on Vince 's shirt . from the amount of blood , they both know it 's over . as Vince 's life start slip away , there 's a look between they . a connection between brother . dom I will . vince .»- he 's a good kid . ..we name he after you , you know . dominic . this threaten to shatter dom in two . dom ( nod ) you get my word , Vince . and as the two hold eye contact for the last time -- dissolve to : omitted 90 * +e + ee * of 91 3rd goldenrod 10/12/10 88. int , abandoned automobile plant - minute later 91 dom cover the body of he best friend , then turn to the rest of he team , who stand in a semi-circle around he , freeze in horror and grief . han flip open he cellphone . as he dial , match to : int . local bar - dominican republic malo - conduct business at a table , when he cellphone ring . he pick up . han ( 0.s8 . ) malo , we be in trouble . we need a flight out of Brazil . malo how soon ? han ( 0.s. ) yesterday , man . malo I will be wheel up in fifteen minute , and at you doorstep in five hour . hang tight , bro . and he rise , we match back to : int . abandoned automobile plant dom we have to move . we do not have much time -- han I get we a flight out . we can leave Rio in the rearview in five hour . dom not to run away . ( beat ) to finish the job . santos gisele what ..? be you crazy ? we can not -- roman the plan 's bust , man . reye know we be come . ( continued } of ff * ee a 3rd goldenrod 10/12/10 continued : tes he 's right . they triple the detail at the police station . it 's gonna be a wall of gunfire . 88a . dom indicate Vince , the look in dom 's eye be as cold as slab ice . dom . he do not get away with this . han it 's a trap , man . you know that . Elena turn to dom. elena dom , listen to they . run before it 's too late . leave Rio . you can be free . dom look to Elena . ( conttnued } 91 92 3rd pink 9/9/10 89 , continued : 91 dom running be not freedom . you of all people should know that . ( to the other ) I no rather die stare down the barrel than live with crosshair on my back the word hang . and as dom stand divide from he team -~ hobb ( 0s ) I be in . everyone turn as a lone figure step forward . batter . bruise . hobb . there 's real power in the moment . hobb ( cont 'd ) I will ride with you , toretto . ( beat ) at least ' till we kill the sonofabitch . dom look at hobb . see he in a new light . together , the two of they look like they be ready to collect soul . everyone look to one another other ... and slowly , they realize they be all in . Brian step up beside dom . brian what ' 's the plan , dom ? sneak be not gonna work anymore . dom we do not sneak . ( beat ) only thing reye care about be he money . we pull that , we pull he . and as everyone consider , slam to : int . federal police build - morning 92 the place be in total lockdown , far different than we have ever see it . sniper , special weapon team , and dozen of armed officer completely surround the building 's entrance from every vantage . among they , find reye make the round with Zizi . zizi ( subtitle ) --. the station 's lock down . we have get every entrance cover with weapon team . ( more ) ( cont tnitet 1 ee * hhh oe * +e 3rd pink 9/9/10 89a. 92 continued : 92 ziz1i ( subtitle ) ( cont 'd ) God himself could not get at you money if he want to . reye ( subtitle ) God be not my worry . 93 94 95 96 2nd cherry 9/3/10 90 . int , gurkha ~ drive - day 93 hobb be drive . Elena 's in the passenger seat . we be not sure where they be head . hobb you ready ? elena yeah . hobb nod ... then crank the wheel and hammer the gas ! and as he engine roar , gain speed , we match to : ext . police station - continuous the gurkha speed on a collision course with the station . see it come , officer station on the roof begin firing at it . omitted 94 int . / ext . gurkha - continuous 95 hobb accelerate straight through the underground parking garage ! 50 ... 60 ... 70 mile and hour , and ~- craaaaash !! the building 's rear wall be steel - reinforce concrete , but the gurkha punch through it like kleenex . int . federal police build - garage ~ continuous 96 as the gurkha pull out -- fwooom ! fwooom ! -- two of the chop police car scream up , fishtailing in tandem a perfectly - control 180 - degree to stop with they trunk up against the breach in the wall . for a moment , the car idle there like monster from a horror movie , pure malevolent muscle , v8 's growl angrily . with alarm go off like crazy —- dom and brian jump out of the vehicle and pop the trunk . each grab out the end of a heavy steel cable coiled inside . ( conttnited } ag7 97 98 2nd cherry 9/3/10 91 . continued : and as they climb through the breach in the wall , dom and Brian pass hobb and Elena , who be provide cover fire against a grow wave of officer in assault gear . hobb gol dom give hobb a nod of respect , then he and Brian run through the building , the cable playing out from the trunk , hiss across the floor . as bullet ricochet around they , hobb put he dazzle gun skill to work , fire to take out multiple threat and clear a safe path for -- dom and Brian , who reach the colossal vault and begin looping the cable through the several anchor point . int . police station - hallway ~ continuous a97 reye and Zizi round the corner -- to mayhem . Police scramble in every direction . deafen gunfire . chief of police ( subtitle ) {running past ) they be take the vault ! reye can not compute how utterly impossible this be . reye ( subtitle ) what ?! ( as it slowly dawns ) what ? £! Zizi start to move after the Chief -- but reye grab he in a death grip . reye ( subtitle ) ( cont ’d ) no ! you get the car ! call the man ! I want a armada ready to roll ! omitted 97 int . police station - continuous 98 dom and brian finish hook up the vault with the cable . it be not pretty , but it 's strong . brian we be good ! {continued y * * be ee re 38 99 2nd cherry 9/3/10 sia , continued : 98 suddenly a special weapon officer burst through the door * and begin fire at they -- but hobb take the cop out with * such brutal cqb tactic , it make we wince . * the next man to rush through be the Chief of Police ... but Elena take care of that scumbag , jam she gun to he head ++ and pin he to the wall with it , take he hostage . * elena * do not move . * with the situation handle , dom and Brian jump into they * car and slam on they accelerator -- vrrrrrooooom ! — — * draw the cable tight until the tire spin wildly against * the weight of what they be try to pull . int . dom and brian 's car 99 as they each reach down and grab a synch lever mount on the console -- dom on my mark : -- and now we pan past the console to reveal pneumatic hose like a tangle of octopus leg that lead to a dozen shining nos tank that be bolt into a rack in they back seat . dom ( cont ’d ) Three ... two ... one ... dom and Brian pull the lever in unison , and they array of nos tank FIRE all at once ! the result roar of they hypercharge engine be like the Space shuttle take off . instantly , the muscle car leap forward , shredd the asphalt beneath they as they -- skkkkeeerraaaaash !!! -~ tear the vault right out _of the building and drag it away through * the underground garage ! * 99pt 100 al0l 101 102 2nd cherry 9/3/10 92 . omitted 99pt ext , police station - underground garage - con 'tinuous 100 as they exit the structure , the vault smashes through a support column and collapse a portion of the garage , blocking the rest of the police car inside . int . abandoned automobile plant - same time al0l mia monitor dom and Brian 's location on computer screen , while listen as the police scanner they get out of the steal cop car go crazy in portuguese . mia ( into radio ) well , the plan 's work . you have get every cop in Rio come after you . you guy gotta move . ext . rio - CITY street ~ continuous 101 traffic swerve out of the way as dom and Brian come scream out into the street , drag the vault by seventy — five foot of heavy steel cable and send up a hellacious shower of SPARKS . like a runaway train , the vault slam into the center divider and go rampaging through traffic . int . / ext . dom and brian 's car - continuous 102 dom and Brian ' 's car work like twin bull drag the world 's biggest field plough , tear up the asphalt like soft , fresh earth . dom call it out , Mia . brian what 's the clearest path ? mia ( vo ) go right . work together , dom and Brian make a wide right turn into Rio ' 's downtown . it 's the ultimate precision drive , require they to be incredibly synchronize or the vault begin to drift and crunch thing ... 103 104 105 2nd cherry 9/3/10 93. aerial shot - downtown rio - continuous 103 the entire city be laid out in a neat little grid . we can see we guy drag the vault through the street .. , and police stream in to intercept they . back to shot 104 dom and Brian be tear down the road . mia ( vo ) keep go straight another half - mile on rua fonseca . but ahead dom see cop car block off a intersection ahead . throwing spike strip across the road . dom that be not gonna work . as they draw near , dom scan and -- dom ( cont ‘d ) to the right ! and now we see it -- a little gap between police car on the corner . brian we can not shoot through that ! dom get no choice . and at the last second , dom and Brian react lightning fast , rack they wheel to make a hard turn and shoot the gap ! dom and brian struggle to wrest the vault back in line , but gravity send swinging wide ~-- int . cop car - continuous 105 the cop 's eye go wide as he see it come . he slam on he brake , scream to a stop millimeter before the vault roar past he front bumper and continue on like a wreck ball to obliterate a empty bank on the corner . brick and glass and money go fly ! 106 107 108 2nd white 8/6/10 94 . int . / ext . dom and brian 's car — continuous 106 Brian react to the destruction go on in he rearview . brian ( laugh , shocked ) Holy ... in contrast , dom be icy calm . mia - same time can not believe the chatter she 's hearing on the police scanner . mia ( incredulous ) do you guy just take out a bank ? dom and brian can not respond . too busy fight physics as they manage to finally get the vault back under control and speed down a long , straight stretch of road . behind they , the cop scramble to pursue . but ahead of they —~ omit 107 omit 108 cconttnued } 109 110 2nd white 8/6/10 95 . continued : dom see a new threat . two cop car come straight up 109 the wrong side of the road at they . dom get two inbound . mia ( vo ) there 's a alley come up on you leave ! brian I see it . the police car lay on the speed , scream on a collision course at dom and Brian who hold they course . it 's a game of chicken . and at the last possible second -- dom now ! ! dom and Brian act in perfect synchronicity , mash they brake and skid off to the side , let the vault scream past . with split-second timing , dom and Brian throw they car in xeverse and follow behind the slide behemoth , use it as a batter ram ! Pov - lead police car : as they see the vault come head on ! too late to stop , the lead car be pancake between the vault and the cop car behind he -- take both cop out of the chase ! once the way be clear —- dom slam -shift into gear and swing around the vault to take the lead , try to ditch the cop by steering it into —- a narrow alleyway 110 now dom 's car pull the vault , while Brian 's car follow on the opposite side , push in reverse . as they travel in this push- me-pull - you , single formation -- two police motorcycle come scream up on Brian . but as they draw they gun and draw near -- ( conttnied ) * of ok ae co i110 2nd white 8/6/10 96 . continued : : 110 brian crush he brake ... send the surprised motorcycle cop sailing off théir biké as they smash into he . int . / ext . the pursuit 111 we heroes fly out of the alley , and Brian instantly sideslip around the vault to once again tow it forward with dom . brian we be through . mia ( vo ) you have get a huge group come at you from the south . you have to do something . she 's right . a herd of cop come scream up the road behind they . Brian look around -- and get a idea . as they near a median , he call to dom . brian go wide ! dom do , juking right and stretch the cable out . as the two car shriek past on opposite side of the median , the steel cable snap tree , lightposts , traffic signal . the cop car pursue they wipe out spectacularly until the the road be so block and the rest behind can no longer follow . but they small victory only last a moment , for no matter which way they turn -- more cop car come roaring in from new side street . now dom and brian be pursue by six incredibly aggressive cop car . as the cop try to maneuver around the vault --— dom and Brian work in unison , yell instruction at one another to shift the vault leave and right , blocking some cop car 's attempt to pass , bashing other right off the road . eventually , though ~ — one cop car run the gauntlet , jetting past the vault . the passenger take out he shotgun and start aiming at dom and Brian 's tire . brian ( cont 'd ) I can not shake he ! and just as the cop be about to fire —- ( conttnitied } oe rk +e * + he fh * + 111 a112 b112 cil2 3rd yellow 9/23/10 96a . continued : 111 another cop car burst from the pack and ~- boom ! -- wipe out the shotgun car ! now push in to reveal that the driver , like a wolf in sheep 's clothing , be han . on cue , we see roman , who be also disguise in one of the cop car , rip in and take out two more of the aggressive cop , send they flipping . aerial shot - above the chase al12 and on cue , han and Roman pull some insane maneuver to take out the remain cop car , give dom and Brian a eight second gap -- much need room to breathe . back to shot b112 dom thanks , guy . han no problem , D. roman catch you boy on the other side ! as they approach a intersection , han and Roman split off . dom and Brian continue on . four block back , a new pack of police pursuit vehicle tear onto the road , blaze to catch dom and Brian as they drag the vault beneath a long stretch of freeway overpass . as the police race by , two aggressive black suv be scream into the middle of they pack from a adjoin road —- reye 's vehicle and a protective escort . int . reye suv - continuous reye give command as zizi drive . reye ( subtitle ) stay on they ! reye ' vehicle and the cop car c1l2 race to find the vault . desperate to close the gap , they scream around a corner ~- and be almost wipe themselves out mar w-move trash truck lumber u @ road ! the cop car swerve wildly around it and hammer the gas , blast beneath the overpass and after the vault , which they spot several block ahead . ( conttnord } * % cil 12 112 3rd yellow 9/23/10 96b . continued : c112 as the chase reach the main street , the street be clear in every direction -- but dom and brian make a right turn onto a road that become a long two - lane girder bridge with nowhere to turn for a mile . . int . reye 's suv — continuous reye see dom and Brian turn onto the bridge and know the chase be near its end . reye ( subtitle ) they can not outrun we on the bridge . ( beat ) they just cut they own throat . int. / ext . dom and brian 's car - continuous 112 dom and Brian race across bridge , desperately try to put distance between the sea of cop car . they pour on every ounce of power they have get -- but the cop keep gain , relentless as a nightmare . int . reye 's suv - continuous reye see the police fleet close on they target . reye ( subtitled ) we have get they . back to shot Brian see the cop gain . realize they be not go to get away . ( conttnouen '' he oe to 2 * 113 114 2nd white 8/6/10 97 . continued : 113 brian there 's too many of they ! be not gonna make it ! dom you be . brian what be you talk about ?! mia ( vo ) just let the vault go ! get out of there ! dom you be a father now . ( beat ) take care of Mia for I . brian I be not leave you ! mia ( vo ) dom , you listen to I ! you cut loose now ! now , do you hear I ?! but dom simply shut off the radio . brian goddamn it , stick with the plan ! dom this have always be the plan , Brian . and dom hit a switch to release the vault cable from Brian 's car . free of the weight , Brian 's car instantly surge forward . but dom be still attach to the vault . brian damn it --!! but dom 's car scream into a tight 180 , burn more rubber than we nve ever see , and whipping the vault around to face the wave of police car close in . int . brian 's car -— continuous 114 angry with himself , at dom 's sacrifice , but know he 's right , Brian pound the steering wheel and burn out of there to find Mia , while -- he oo oe 115 3rd yellow 9/23/10 97a . ext . tarmac - continuous 11 dom face a armada of thirty cop car close in . they be only a hundred yard ahead . thirty car . reye 's suv safely at the rear . with fire in he eye , dom gaze at the fleet of enemy vehicle rush to destroy he in a great steel wave ... but dom be not gonna give they the chance . in a final act of defiance , dom punch the nos ! once. twice . ten time . again and again , the inerta get the vault up to 20 mile a hour . thirty . fifty . bring the vault up to a unholy speed ! int . reye 's suv — continuous reye and Zizi see dom 's single car charge they army head - on . reye ( subtitle ) you have to admire a man who have no give in he . reye bark into he radio . ( conttnurd '' 115 3rd yellow 9/23/10 98 . continued : reye ( subtitle ) ( cont ’d ) 115 take he out ! on he command , the police car blast forward . back to shot dom streak on a collision course with the police armada , and just as he 's about to hit they head - on -- dom jag leave and right , dodging through they defensive formation , whipping the vault back and forth , smash the cop one after another after another . the vault bash everything out of its way . cop car go spinning away like a top , barrel -rolling into piece , blasted aside as easily as soda can strike by a bowl ball . reye can not believe it , watch he superior force decimate until it 's just reye 's two suv 's leave -- and dom 's car shriek straight at they . reye ( into radio , subtitled ) open fire ! on he command , the roof of reye 's other suv split OPEN ~- and a mount dillion minigun pop out and open FIRE . brrrraaaaappp ! a fully - auto hellfire of bullet rip through dom 's car . slicing he shoulder . nicking he scalp . the thousand of bullet ricochete off the vault sound like Hell 's percussion section , but dom do not care , keep the pedal to the floor . close on -- reye -- who buckle he seatbelt and turn to Zizi . reye Ram he . and as Zizi punch the gas -- dom hold he kamikaze course . and just as they reach the point of no return ... dom slam the brake and sling the vault at reye like a ten -ton mace ! + % ob of oe ho hof * 116 3rd yellow 9/23/10 98a . 2121 who lock the brake . reye and he stare in horror as the vault tumble right at they ... bounce over they hood , and miss they by millimeter -- only to take out reye 's other gun car , and smash it off the bridge . but just as reye think he get away lucky -- the force of the tumble vault yank dom 's car and whip it by its cable with unbelievable force . dom leap out as he car slingshot away at -- reye and z12t -- who see it come at they like a wrecking ball ! at the last second , Zizi bail out the driver 's door as -- reye : no --!! -- whammmmm !! dom 's car smashes reye 's suv , crushing it with ie ud : ce cheer ! when everything slowly scrape to a stop -- zi2r 116 xise from the road . eye fill with fury , Zizi turn to see dom , daze and bloody , still sprawle on the road , struggle to rise on a leg that may be break . Zizi march up to dom , a roar of rage grow with every footstep . drawing he gun , he aim it point- blank at the helpless dom 's face . and just as he pull the trigger -- bang ! ( conttnurd\ ee * * 116 2nd white 8/6/10 99 , continued ; 116 dom flinch for the impact ... but when he open he eye , the hammer be still cocked on Zizi 's gin . it never fire . and now he see why as a red stain begin to spread on Zigi ' 's shirt . from a ragged hole in he neck . Zizi turn . tries to lift he gun , but -- bang ! he 's strike in the shoulder . bang ! in the chest . and finally -- bang ! right between the eye . as Zizi 's dead body fall away , it clear camera and reveal -— brian -- stand there . gun still smoking in he hand . Brian run up to he . help he to he foot . dom I tell you to go . brian yeah , I know . sfx : something scrabbling through break glass . dom and Brian both turn to see reye , he fine clothes cover in blood , eye craze with pain , crawl out of the smoking wreck , and in the distance behind he , hobb 's gurkha drive up to the scene . as it draw near , the gurkha stop and hobb and Elena get out . look like a legendary gunslinger of yore , he walk up the road litter with body and batter car . as he near , reye reach up to he -— - reye ~--h-help m-me ... but as he pass , hobb 's quick - draw he gun and double - tap the bastard in the forehead , never even look . hobb that 's for my man , you sonofabitch . eventually , hobb and Elena reach Brian and dom . hobb ( cont ’d ) Hell of a mess . brian yeah . cconttnurd 1 } 116 117 2nd blue 8/9/10 100 . continued : hobb 116 now you know I can not let you two ' go . '' I be not make that way . - ( beat ) 1 but the way I see ’it , you have earn yourself 24 hour before I come look for you . dom look hobb in the eye ... and this time , see mutual respect there . hobb ( cont 'd ) ( throw a glance at the vault ) money stay , though . and as Brian help dom away ~~ hobb ( cont 'd ) catch you later , toretto . * dom no , ( beat ) * you will not . hobb and Elena watch as dom and Brian walk to Brian 's car . as Brian hop in and gun the engine , dom turn back one final time ... and meet Elena 's eye . the world stop as the two share one final look . there 's a deep connection between this two . a meeting of soul / .. he do ++ break only when dom finally get in and Brian burn they out of there , disappear into the horizon . + of when they be go , hobb look at the devastation they have leave in they wake . then at the vault . and notice something strange ... where the asphalt have ground away the black paint , we can see glimpsis of a blue powder coating underneath , hobb move around to the vault . door , which be cracked OPEN . look inside to see that the vault be empty . realize this be a duplicate . flashback to : the switch 117 as dom and Brian drag the vault through the city , we now see what we do not before : a empty trash truck , drive by gisele , wait beneath a * overpass , out of view of the police car and reye 's man . cconttnued V 117 2nd white 8/6/10 100z . continued : 117 a empty trash truck , drive by gisele , wait beneath a overpass , out of view of the police car and reye 's man . nearby , the duplicate vault the team buy to practice wait in the shadow , secure with cable . cconttnuet '' 117 118 119 2nd white 8/6/10 101 . continued : 117 as dom and Brian come scream around the corner , they sling the real vault so it slide up the ramp ard '' orito the back of the truck ~- where santos , dress as a trash collector , lock it in place as leo close the truck 's back gate to conceal it within its belly . without stop , dom and Brian drive toward the duplicate vault . like a aircraft carrier 's winch line , the hook on the end of they cable drag on the ground and catch onto the fake vault 's strap , lock on and drag the fake vault behind they . it all happen in the blink of a eye , and when the police come raging around the corner in pursuit , they continue on after the decoy never catch a whiff of the magic do right before they eye ... smash back to : hobb 118 who have put it all together . hobb goddamn they . and then again , but this time softer ... and with a hint of a smile . hobb ( cont ’d ) goddamn . dissolve to : int . abandoned automobile plant - day 1193 dom and the rest of the crew watch as tej use reye 's handprint on the vault 's scanner . Works the electric code . tet come on now , baby . do not be mean . and click ! he get it . then use reye 's handprint to open the safe and reveal : five ton of the most beautiful paper we ‘ve ever see . the team stare in awe at the mountain of money before they . roman that 's gonna pay for a lot of bad time ... {cont tnitrd } 120 2nd pink 8/13/10 102 . continued : 119 and as everyone smile and begin to celebrate -— ~ smash to : series of shot 120 and as the music rise , we get a glimpse into what each of the character do with they newfound fortune , start with : -- ext . favela . track with Vince 's wife and son ( rosa and nico ) as they come home from the market . open the door ... and be shocked to ' find a massive stack of money -- all of dom 's share -- on she dining room table . stun , Rosa pick up a note , and write in dom 's write be the word : Vince 's share . -- int . casino ~ monte carlo . the roulette wheel be go around and around when leo and santos walk up in matching new suit . they watch as the wheel spin . then ~- santos you be not gonna do it . there 's a beat . then Leo plonk .. down all of he money -- ten rectangular chip , a million buck apiece -~ onto red . croupier Cash play . the croupier spin the ball . santos begin to get nervous see all that money out there on the table . santos look , man , - you : sure : about that ? echt ote . you can take it '' leo Nah , I be good . slowly , the ball 's orbit begin to decay . Leo be cool as a cucumber , Santos 's anxiety increase exponentially with every revolution , until he grab Leo , santos seriously , bro , you be gonna lose you money . pull you bet back . leo man , I tell you !: why you get to be so negative ? ~~ : 2.7 ° ( turn back to the table ) when I win , I be buy you a lifetime supply of antidepressant . ( conttniued ) * or of 120 3rd cherry 10/19/10 1o2a , continued : 120 santos do not clown around ! they gonna take that shit , man ! all of it ! ( worried ) pull it back ! pull if back ! ! and just as the croupier raise he hand on the verge of call '' no more bet '' ~- frantic , Santos take all of he own money and slam it down on black , cover he friend 's bet in case of failure . croupier no more bet , leo and Santos look at each other —- twenty million out on the table , half on red , half on black -- then at the ball , which bounce from black , to red , to black , to red . but just as it 's about to settle into a spot -- the ball catch a bad hop and teeter on the edge of the GREEN square . Leo and Santos 's ( and the audience 's stomach drop ) ... but before we find out if the ball fall in , we cur to : ext./ int . tej' garage cover in grease , tet be work on someone 's grocery - getter , look happier than we have ever see he , just then -- one of the fastest and most expensive sport car in the world pull in , roman get out and look around . roman so this be the dream , huh ? ted it 's enough for I . tej eye Roman 's ride . tet ( cont 'd ) so I take it that 's you dream . roman Hell yeah . only four of this baby in the market in the entire world . and I be the only pimp in the western hemisphere that 's get this ride . make some sheik in Saudi Arabia a offer he could not refuse . tei Nice , that black paint job be tight . ( conttnitrd y of hk ro es 3rd cherry 10/19/10 102b , continued : roman . it 's midnight panther , bruh . so we go to this club of yours or not ? 120 tet yup . you want a ride ? roman phfff . in that bucket ?! just then -- a identical Sports car , carbon fiber , drive by three of the hot woman we have ever see pull up . tej tet no , in this bucket . guess there 's two pimp in the western hemisphere -- bruh . tej smile as he tear off into the night . Roman shout after he ... roman tt take more than a car to be like I ! and then Roman drive off after he , ( conttnued } of the heh eh * 120 continued : -- ext . / in cover in than we have just then , roman get the word 3rd yellow 9/23/10 : 103 . 120 it . tej' garage - miami . a small hometown garage . grease , te} work on he maverick , look , happier ever see he . a brand new ferrari 599 gtb pull into the lot and out . look around . roman so this be it , huh ? this be the dream ? tet tt 's enough for I . roman yeah ? tet sure . elbow in engine grease every day ... ( be : Ferrari ) when be the last time you climb in that engine ? roman and void the warranty ? no way . tet a engine you can not touch ? now that 's the saddest damn thing I ever hear . affect Roman . he do miss tuning ... and as we watch , a change come over he . roman you know , no matter how many hour you put in , the engine still gonna be a fifty - year - old , small block fossil . you should switch that bitch out . tet with what ? Roman indicate the Ferrari . . roman how ' bout a big block v12 ? tej be incredulous . ted what about the warranty ? {conttnited y hehehe he rh lh eah hk + % 120 121 3rd yellow 9/23/10 103a . continued : 120 roman ( shrug ) I get other . ( turn to the maverick ) let 's make this the world 's most expensive grocery getter . and as tej laugh and they go to work together , CUT to : --_a german highway sign . it read '' autobahn 8 '' . then a car rip past at 160mph . Inside the car , han and gisele be kissing , while han drive . eventually , she pull away . gisele so where to next ? han I do not know . wever see Madrid . gisele I think you want to go to Tokyo . han we will get there -- ( pull she close ) -- eventually . she laugh and as they kiss , we catch up with : ext . tropical beach — day 121 Brian and Mia walk in the surf of one of the most stun beach in the world . super : Bali ... Mia look beautiful , just beginning to show . Brian look at she and smile . give she a kiss . ( conttnird hoe oo * 121 122 7/7/10 104 , continued : 121 as she snuggle happily against he , widen to reveal a little shack on the beach with a skyline gt - R park in front . they little paradise . just then , they hear a rumbling . a engine , get closer , they turn to see the most - awesome dodge challenger on the planet pull up and park next to the skyline . when dom and Elena get out , Mia run to they . and as she hug they close , ovexjoy , dissolve to — — ext . tropical beach — later 122 dom and brian sit on the porch , drink beer . dom glance over at Mia , sit on the beach and talk with Elena . dom that 's the happiest I have ever see my sister . brian it 's ' cause we be free , dom soak that in . then -~ brian ( cont ’d ) } you know I want another shot , dom yeah ? . brian yeah . no wager . no one else . just you and I . once and for all . dom look out at the two car park side by side . dom you gonna be able to handle the disappointment ? brian be you ? dom laugh . dom all right , o'conner . let 's see what you have get , and as Brian break into a huge smile -- slam to black . eee be ke ee ore