fatal attraction by jame dearden and sicholas meyer . # a. fatal attraction — _ — — screenplay by jame dearden and nicholas meyer property of paramount picture corporation this script ts not for publication , 2eproduction aa distribution without the express perm ssion cf paramount @istore corporatian . if lost or destroyed . please notify the story cepartment . retuan to stosy cepartment final shoot script paramount picture corporation 5558 melrose Avenue January 198 ? bos angeles , califernia 29038 pparamouat picture cor2or ation i . ext . new york CITY ~- niget the camera i5 high above Manhattan . surveying the city skyline . low cloud glow dimly , reflect the illumi - nate butlding and the street lamp below . the SOUND of traffic filter up , faint and distant . blow dissolve to : ext . upper west side - night the camera drift toward the upper storey of a group of thirty style apartment building . most of the window be light . slow dissolve to : ext , aparthent build - night camera close in on one individual window , through the slatted blind we glimpse @ bedroom . a woman in bra and panta close the blind with a quick swivel of the blade , int , gallagher apartment - night amiable chaos . beth , a good- look woman in she thirty , leave the window , go to and from the bathroom , she trip aver a earphone extension cord . ehich lead to dan , her-husband , also mid-thirty , with open good look , flipping through law text and legal pad , bifocal slide on he nose . we can faintly heac schubert 's symphony $ 4 through the head - phone . . ellen , a adorable chiid of five nold a coler book , be lie sprawle on the next couch . intently watch tv , now and then , Dan hold up he hand in front ce she face , block out the tv screen . ellen oblivicus to Dan 's attempt to distract she , move she head around he hand for a clear view , beth mlaugh } you bettec get go , kiddo ; we be gonna be late ... ellen noverlapp } be can not hear you , mommy ... ( continued ) — — 4 = continued : the peore ring , overlap . -- = beth ( overlap ) oh , great . she go into the bathroom , leave the phone ringing and Dan , happily oblivious . ellen sire up the situa - tion and go over to she father . in a familiar gesture , she pull off one side of the earphone . ellen daddy ! telephone ! dan ( startle ) huh ? oh , thanks , honey ... he stand up and head for the phone , revealing that he 's only dress from the waist up , in crisp white shirt and tie . below the waist it 's short and sock . on he way to the phone , he trip and stub he toe . 5 int . kitchen and hallway - night nm : . : dan ( gcimace ) hello ? hildy ( 0.5 . } Dan , be you ckay ? it 's hildy . dan . Si , I be fine . i just stubbed my toe . hang on ... {shouss} Beth ? [ t 's hildy ! he call out to the passage , to the open bathroom door . 4 int . bathroom - night beth ( 0.s. ) it 'ill cali she back . dan {to hildy ? she 's in the bathroom . hinoy ( o.8 . ) can you ask she what she 's wear ? {continued ] continued : dar she want to know what you be wear . int . gallagher apartment - bathroom - night Beth be stand in she bra and pants in front of the @irroc above the hand basin , start on she makeup . ellen stand beside she in a nightdress , play sith she mother 's makeup , which be scattered chaotically . Beth be harass , panicky , late . ellen be twist up a column of lipstick . beth ( shout ) my black suit ...! {to ellen ) do not do that , honey , you will get it all over you hand , dan {to hildy ) her black suit . hildy ( 0.s. } oh ... it 's go to be smart ? int . kitchen - night : dan you know what this thing be like . it 's business . hiloy [ 0.5.3 ask she if she think may red dress 1s okay . Dan smile to himself , shaking he head good - naturedly . dan ( to beth} do you think she red dress be okay ? int . gallcagher' apartment - bathroom - night beth ( full sf toothpaste ) perfect ! {continced ) continued : . dar she say it 's perfect . okay , ' bye . { see you latar . } - she look down at ellen , who have completely flatten the tube . bet ( dismay ) ellen ... now look what you have do . she take the lipstick away , register its condition . beth ( continue ) I need that . ellen I '' sorry . beth it 's okay , honey , it 's okay . int . gallagher afartment - bedroom - night : now Dan be rummage in the wardrobe , s@arching among the clothes . dak where 's my blue suit ? the doorbell ring -- dan ocontinue } dammit , thice 's christine ... int . gallagher apartment - sathroom - night Beth straighten up . in respomse to christine 's arrival , knock a jar of cream onto the floc : where it shat - ters with a sflat . beth shith ... ( shout ) t 's a the back of the door !.. , . ( watch out for the glass . ) do not come in here , haney ! she stoops to pick up the piece . ( continued ) oa 10 10a il continued : beta ( continue : mutter ) shit , shit , shit ! dak tin bedroom} oh ... ( thanks , honey ) . ellen waddling down the corridor . ellen ( sing -song ) shit-shit-shit , bete ( 0.s. ) ellen : i omitted int . gallagher apartment - hallway - night Dan and Beth be give christine , the babysitter , a mildly " new wave " teenager with a red streak in he : hair , instccuction . Sam pad around axcitedly . Beth look elegant in a black tailore suit , she hait pin up with a comb , beth there 's some lasagne in the fridge , and I have leave the number where we will be on a pad by the kitchen phone . christine {self - confident ) sure. dan ( teasingly ) and no party , ¢' you hear ? ceristine but Il xave already send the invictation . dan grin ) can I come ? christine you be toc oid . ( continued ) li 12 13 14 contiroed : . dan thanks , kiddo . bet I think wemp be late ? she pull he out into the outer hallway with she . omitted int . japanese restaurant - niget a large reception . the restaurant have deen take over for the evening and clear of table so that the guest can mill about . Waitress in kimonos pass in and out with trays of tasty sushi goody and glass of champagne . a publishing house be launching a new book -- a japanese exercise manual , hence the theme of the occasion . Dan and Beth . look elegant , work thelr way towards tne stair . Dan grab hand , pound back , work the room . beth oh , leok at this ! dar rey , chuckie , you playin’ ball on Friday ? great , we be in the cellar , can use every lawyer have get ... hi , yeah , I mean , no , next _week , . , un , Wednesday , yeah , see you in court ... Jesus ! he and bech have reach the stair to the main room . Beth pat ner hair . bese be my hair oxay ? dan ( eat ) you look great . bela Ban , [ ''m ask you . dan honey , you be the cutest girl hete .. , hey ! {continued } 14 15 16 cowtiaued : before Beth can say what she think of '' cute , '' Dan 's face have suddeniy assume a mask~like smile as he see someoné approach . he nudge betn in the rib and she follow suit . dan ocontinue } hi , Bob ! how be you ? bob drimmer , senior editor at robbin and hart , arrive alongside , work he way around the room . he 's wear - ing a neck brace . eis eye dart from side to side as he pump Dan 's hand , he mind already on he next move . - bdrimaer glad you could make it , . dan. sorry about the meeting tomorrow ... I know it 's Saturday , but we have get a real crisis . dan that 's okay . this be my wife , Beth -- Bob drimmer . bete how do you do ? orimmer please ? to meet you . across the room & woman wave to they over a sea of hand . bildy Beth !... beth , dan and drimher Beth light up on see hildy . she wave back . ceimmer seize the opportunity toa move on . drimmea I nope you like sushi ! dan Love it . Beth and Dan push forward through the crush and meer up with hildy and jimmy . beth - what happenec to he neck ? ( continded ; 16 i? 8 . cortinded : '' . dan Fe be make love to he wife . bete ( alvay fall for Dan 's storey ) be you serious ? Dan ! can it 's the truth . jimmy you should see he wife -- they have to take she away on a stratcher ! laughter . the two woman compliment each other on they tespective outfit . Jimmy and dan gravitate coward each other . Jimmy work in the same law firm . he caise he glass , only to have he arm jogge by a man elbow past . Champagne go all over he shirt front . jimmy thank you ! the man half ~ + turn , with a shrug . san " ( move on ) sorry . Jimmy dab he shirt front with a handkerchief . . jimmy fuck !... what great cultural event be we here to celebrate , anyway ? dan some new exercise manuai . jz ( groan ; not another : one . ‘my dan this ane 's different . it 's by some japanese cuy . it 's base on ancient samuca , ciscipline . theta Pov cver the other end of the ssoom , the japanese author in question be be intrccucec to tne guest in Front of a table display cf he beok . ( contznged ) i? 18 19 20 continued : he keep nodd and bow politely . jimhy ( ¥.0 . ) look at that man nedi do you think it 's part of the treatment ? they branch off into they version of samurai delica - tessen , amusing each other but slowly get separate from they wife . lot of pidgin japanese , angle t that moment , a extremely attractive blonde girl pass by , heavily ogle by Jimmy . . jimmy hi , there ... she turn and give he a look to make hell freeze ever . she hold the look a fraction longer . then turn and move on . jimmy ( continue ) shi-it . if look could kill . dan very good , Jimmy . very good !! I see you have not lose you touch . ( I like you move ! ) general view of the room time have elapse . grouping have change . [ t 's even moce crowded , int . mew's room + nigh ? Dan enter , pass somecne stand at a urinal . dan hi , Arthur ... arteur that you , gallagher ? dan yeah ... how 's it goin ' ? arthur Fine . you still think about move to the country ? ( continued ) 20 21 10 . cortinued : dan we 'ra still talk about it . . arthur I try it once — for about four year . hartsdale . . dan yeah ? { and ? ) arthur I could not take the commute . the train be alwag break down . {pointedly } what I should have do be wait " till tney make I a partner . dan ( well , Arthur . ) ' ll see you later , Arthur . arthur yeah ... if I ever €inish here . int . restagrant area - night Dan try to make it to the bar . his coute take he past the giri who cold - snouldece Jimmy . they almost bump into each other . Dan be slightly distract by what Arthur seem to hint at . dan ( to bartender ) can I have a champagne ? they eye meet and they smile . dan ( continue ) I be not say ... I be not even look at you ! alex be it that bad ? dan put it this way , I be glad I wasa 's on the receive enc . alex I hate tne way seme guy think they have a right to come a vike thay . . ( continued ) 2 . 22 23 24 il . continued : dan Jimmy 's okay ... a little insecure -- like the rest of we ... there be a slight pause . she 's look at he vith evident interest , so he do not mova on . and she really be sensational - lock . she must be in she thirty , but she dress young , trandily , and get away with it . dan ( continue ) . I be Dan -- gallagher . - alex Alex forrest . they shake hand . dan Alex ... what 's you connection here ? alex I work for robbin and Bart , I be a {asgociate ) editor ... and you ? dan ( smile ) I be with Miller , goodman and burst . I do all you legal work , I be . surprised I have never see you around . alex T just join they a couple of week ago . something across the room catch Dan 's attention . he Pov Beth have s¢en he and be signal they ali want to leave . betex Pov Dan wave back and indicate he 's come , gan and alex he shruc apologeticaily . ( continged ) 24 25 26 2 ? 12 . continued : dan I have gotta go . : alex be that you wife ? dan yes . alex {t#asingly ) well , you would better run along they . dan . . very nice to meet you . see you around . ( some time . ) alex Nice to meet you . he walk away . she watch he go , clearly intrigue . int . gallagher hallway - niget the conversation of the woman drift in from the dimly light hallway . beth ( q.s , } thanks , christine . christine ( 0 .$ . ) any time , Mrs. gallagher . int . gallagher bedroom + night Beth enter the bedroom and sit down in the nearest chair to take hee shoe off . she look across the bed . she be lock at Dan , sit and start to take he shirt off . beth be not you forget something ? she gesture . Dan follow he : look . Sam be wait . int . gallagher apartment - night Dan and Sam re-enter . all the light be cff . Dan sake of€ he jacket and feel he way inte the hali . be unbuzton hig shirt ané move cautiously forward . be ee 28a 23 30 13 . int . gallagher sedroom - niget Dan enter tentatively , and stop in the doorway , look at the bed . his face drop . ellen be curl up next to she mother . bete thalf asleep ) she have a bad dream ... just for tonight , honey ... oah yeah , yeah . he smile resignadly and walk toward he side of the bed . omitted int . gallagher apartment build lobby - day ( saturday ) the elevator door open . Beth , Dan , ellen and the dog be cramme inside with a small bicycle . they hurry through the lobby . dak ( if you like it ) when you see it , do not say anything , for . God 's sake , of we can not negotiate ... beth haney , what ace you worried about ? ellen , be you chew gum again ? dan { you know ) ee can not afford this house . ellen daddy ... daddy ... dan what , darling ... . beth no harm look , be there ? it 's just up the read from Mom and dad . dan that 's ancther goce reason for not buy it . [ continued ) oe ee '' 24 . 30 continued : beth T do not hear that . ellen , for want that gum ... dan good morning , Chris . doorman good morning , Mr. gallagher ... we continue tracking they up to a little yolvo sracion wagon park at the curb . beth let 's not worry abaut it now , okay ? JI have not even see the damn place yet . I may not even like it ! fnold out she hand} ellen , the gum , please ... she surrender it . ellen climb into the back seat . quiney the dog naturally follow . oan ograb he ) no , quincey , not this time .. ellen but , daddy , I want he ... dan daddy will be all alone ! he hold the dog by the leash . Beth start around the car to the driver 's side . bete ( consalingly ) T be sorry . quincy ... you will not forget to walk hime will you ? dan I promise : beth have a good meeting ! Love ya ... dan thanks ... ( for love you too} ... ee whrow she a kiss as she get : nzto the car . elien waye at hec window . ( continue ) tee ee ee 36 31 32 33 15 . continued : { 2 } ellen * hye , daddy ! dan say hello the grandma and grandpa ! - the car move off . Dan walk away with the dog . omitted int . robbins abd hart - outea office / lobby - day int . robein and hart - conference room - morning Bob orimmer and a couple of guy from the business af ~ fair department be seat around the conference table with a secretary . Dan come in with a briefcase . gen - eral hellos -- everybody seem to know each other . thece 's a ganerai air of emergency . drimmer be still weacing a neck brace . people be drink take - out coffee and nash on bagel . daw hi , Bob . drimmer hi , Dan , I be sorcy to ruin you weekend . please give my apology to you lovely wife . dan mlaugh } no problem , she 's use to it . how 's you neck ? any better ? drimmer do not ask . Henry 's out of town , so I have ask Alex forre : to stand in for he az the meeting ... have anybody see she ? secretary she 's on she way . can otwinkle | while we be wait , you wanna tell we what realiy happen to you neck , 3ob ? ( continued ) on the oe 33 16 . continued : drimmer that 's cute , very cute . I be plant geranium ... Dan can hardly suppress a laugh . i this moment , how ~ - ever , Alex come through the door , slightly out af breath . moment of recognition as she eye meet dan' . alex sorry , F be just get the file . orimmer Dan , this be Alex forrest , we new associate editor . dan ( smile ) we have meet before . re and Alex shake hand . alex ( bysinesslike ) bello . hi , Ed . Alex sit down , the meeting begin . drimher let 's get start , if we may . okay , Dan ... dan okay , here 's the deal ( story ) ... you want to publish a novel in which one of the character be @ Senator from New Jersey who sleep ( fool ) around . & Congressman from Ohio claim the character be base on he anc have file a injunction against publication . daimmer look , the Congressman 's bale , this guy have hair , he 's from another : State , for chrissake ... look , if we can not sell chese book , we be screw . san well , that 's all Fine ... but if I be gonna go into cour : and prove the Senator be not base upon this Congressman , 1 have tc know the truth . ( more ; ( continue : _ : - - - oe ee ee ns 33 34 a5 2 ? , continued : ( 2 } dan ( cont 'd ) now , strictly {strictly speak ) between this vall , do the author have a affair with Mr. ohis or not ? drimmer glance at Alex , nod imperceptibly . alex yeah , she do . sut then . she 's also have a affair with a lot of other politician . any one of they could make this claim . she swear the character 's fictitious —- I just get off the phone with she . ( 1 just talk to she on the phone . } dan and you believe she ? alex yeah , I believe she . Dan take a bite of he bagel and leave a dab of cream cheese on he nose . Alex smile and signal to he . gratefully , he wipe it off , smile back . drimmer good . now that that 's on the table , let 's see if we can move ahead . how soon can we have this injunction lifted ? I have get 25,000 book in a warehouse gather dust ... omitted ext . robbins and mart build - afternoon it 's pissing rain . Dan emerge , wrestle futilely with a portable umbrella . it 's a lase contest as we dolly back to reveal he have arcive at the curbside next to Alex , who 's search for a taxi . acruptly , all the rod tear through the flimsy material simultaneausly ; oan see he 's next to she , she 's gor a umbtella . she approach he , smile . alex be it " make in Taiwan " ? ( continled 1a . continued : 35 dan hey , look , this be tough to find ... De not laugh ! ( do you believe this ?? } ee chuck the umbrella in the trash bin and put he briefcase over he head . his face light up . alel oh , wait , wait ... bere , I have get one ... dan bey. buddy , come on !!: [ how about give we a break ! ) there Pov ~ a single cab dcive towards they . Dan and Alex crane they neck hopefully as the cab turn on its " off duty " sign and pass . ' alex oh , come ont ! dan can you believe this ? they stane there , get wetter as the rain intensi - fie . dan ( continue ) this be hopeless . so you wanna get a drink someplace till it stop ? alex yeah , come on . they run cff down the street , int . bar / restaorant - later they sit at the bar of a nearby restaurant . the place be pack . a noisy hubbus come from tne dining area . Alex finish she drink . there Pov + a man tone in from the streert , drench and cursing . ( continued ) - . — _ - — eee ee mar 36 i? 1s . continued : . 36 ban rreact to this ) want another one ? alex nlook at she watch ) _ I be starve . have you gok to be anywhere ? dan no ... you wanna sit ? alek ( smile ) I have to make @ phone cail . she get up and go to the pay phone . oan watch she go , intrigue by the develop situation . later thay sit opposite each othe : at a snug table for two . the atmosphere be comfortable and relaxed . they be evidently get along weli . he 's tell she a story , put it over with zest , perform for she benefit . ( various ad lib lead inta dialogue below . } . dan strangest case I ever handle ? well , the truth be I never actually handle it , but the atrangest case I ever come near be when my parent decide to get giverce and my mother ask I to represent she . alex you be kid . dan that 's what I say to she . '' whaddaya mean , '' she tell I , '' you know what a bum the guy be , you have be a eyewitness to this marriage for twenty - nine year ! '' can you imagine this -- from my own mother ? alex how do you get out cf it ? ( what do you do ? ) ( ncontince 37 20 . continued : dan Heil , you can not just turn down you mother . I escape on a teennicality . alex tlaughing ) which be ? dan I tell hee I do not practice family law -- which be true . she buy it . a waiter move in to clear the table . alex { you be make this up . } dan ( who could make this up ? ( shake he head ) waitec ! ) the waiter walk on , ignariag hia . dan ( continue ) it take a special touch , -( I do not have the special touch ) ... this be my favorice restaurant . I have a lot of pull nere «in this testaurant ) !! oh , miss ... & waitress come over . dan . ( continue ) you want coffee ? ( as Alex nod } can we get two coffee , please . the waitress go off . aiex be watch he with a Little smite . she light a cigarette , offer he one . dan ocontinue ) no , thanks . [ 2 's funny , be a lawyer 's a lot like be a docter . pecol net you in on they innermos : secret . alex you must save tc be ciscreet . continied ) — -_ ~ — _ 2 - _ to continued : ( 2 ) . dah that 's right . alex ( smile ) be you ? . dar be 1 what ? alex ofscreet . oah ( ironically ) I be very discreet . alex ( without emphasis ) I tog ... she hold he gaze for a beat , teasingly . the waitress return with they coffee . baitress ( to alex} cream ? alex {coldly } Black . the waitress turn to Dan with the cream . dan I be fine , thank you . ghe leave , Dan offer the sugar to Alex . alex not for I . she watch as he stir sugar into he cup . there be a momentary lull . dan you know wnat realiy surprise I ... ( can I ask you something ) ( I doe not understand ) ... you be free ... why doe not you have a date »+- Saturday night ! ( scmeone as attractive as . you } ( continued ) _ - - _ - — +. oe - . - _ — eee 22 . 37 cortinued : ( 33 alex , I do have a date . I stand he up . that be the phone call I make . gan ig flatter by this information , as be no doubt intend . he can not suppress a little smile . Alex notice and laugh lightly . alex ( continue ) do that make you feel good ? Dan make no reply , change he mind , laugh . ban tt dog not make I feel bad . alex so . where 's you wife ? taken by surprise , Dan fumble for he word , almost choke on he coffee . dan naplutter } ) my wife ...? she 's ... er ... in the country ... for the weekend ... visit she parent . alex ( teasingly ) and here you be ... he hold up he hand as if to protest nis innocence . alex ( eantinue ; shake she head ) be a naughty boy ... can we be have dinner . be that a crime ? alex ( smile ) not yet . dan will it be ? alex = do not know , what do you think ? {continued} 23 , 37 contimed : [ 4 ) , . dan ( smile ) I think ... it 's gonna be up to you . she smily . she 's enjoy the game . alex well ... I can not say yet . I have not make up my mind . { I can not decide . } she hold he gaze . there be a moment of complicity . dan at least you be honest . alex we be attract to each other at the party . that 's obvious . you be on you own for the night . he be adult . dan let 's get . the check . 38 omitted through 42 43 int . alex' aparthent ~ kitchen - night a pot of coffee be percolate . Alex and Dan be press against the kitchen sink , kissing savagely , he lift she up onto the counte : as they grope at each other 's clothes , drop he pants , lift she skirt . as she leana back , she hand brace herself in the sink , she accidentally start the faucet run . she splashes water all over nim with she wet hand . . there be scmething savage about they lovemake . finally Dan pick Alex up and , with ner leg still wound around he , make he way clumsily from kitchen tc bedroom . his pants , which be $ tili gather around he ankle , threaten co trip he up , but he manage to make it to the bed . they fall on it together . ( continued } meee ee ee - wen ee they I 43 a 45 24 , contthued : ee turna she over , and during the wild roleing and push that follow , they get closer and closer to the edge of the bed , and finally land on the floor , exnaust . . some time later , we find they lie on the bed , still breathe heavily . alex that be greati ... ban thank God . she start to nuzzle hin , alex be you feel energetic ? dan what do you have in mind ? : alex wanna go dance ? be look at she incredulously , not quite sure whether to laugh . int . gallagher apartment hall ~- day the hall be in semi-darkness , a shaft of light come through from the sit room , Sam be iying asleep against the Front door . the phone start to ring , the machine cut in . the tape be whiaring with Dan 's announcement . int . '' cat club " - night the place be pack out , the music cvertpower . this be not regine 's ; it 's lower East side , very punk . seri - ous dance . the dance floor . the camera track over the dancer until it locate Dan and Alex . they ‘ce expend a ton of energy . Alex look at he and grin . alex ( shouts} you 'rig 4 great dancer ! dan whet ...? ( I can not hear you ... ) ( continued ) 46 az 48 ag 25 . cortinued : alex ( hoarsely ) I say ... porgat it ! Alex shrug , with a big , laugh smile . suddenly , she expose a breast . Dan look quickly around . it be just for he . ext . alex' apartment builcing - night it 's almost morning . dan and alex be walk through the desert meat market area . Alex have she hand in dan' . dan . ( uncertain} this be where you live ?? alex yeah . dan know where { can get a cab ? re look at she uncertainly . she simply pull nim into the building . omitted int . alex' apartment build - elevator - night they make they way to the huge , old - fashioned freight elevator . Dan step into it and lean against the far wall . Alex deftly pull at the heavy iron gate . alex have you ever dene it in a elevator ? dan Net recently . alex T will bet you have not . ( conting 43 50 51 $ 2 26 , continued : she siam the gate shut and push the button . as the elevator slowly rise out of sight , she throw herself at Dan . int . elevator - night they be make love , bounce off the wall of the alevator . they bodig and face be briefly illuminate by the pass neon light see through the window . finally , Alex reach to stop the elevator between fleor . she drop to she knee in Front of he , as he moan loudly , we hear the step of someone approaching , oan almost strangle himself try to be quiet as he see a pair of foot walk by on the eye - level floor . desperately , he reach out and push the button , start they down . int . alex' apartment build - corridor - night Dan and Alex be recompose themselves . he clear he throat . his haic be disnevel . she cling to he ara as they walk the few yard to she apartment . . they lean against the wall at the apactment door , axhaust . : dan . thoarse ) roly shitit Alex kiss he , then briefly lean avay from hia . she reach up outside nee apartment door and produce a nide - a- key ; tremble , unlock the door , while Dan kiss she on che neck . the door open . they enter like siamese twin . int . alex' apartment bedroom - dahn the early morning light filter in through curtain , ¢cald and arey . ( continue ) $ 3 53a sa 55 56 57 a9 27 . cortinued : we fade in to a close sbot of Alex , fast asleep , and slowly pull focus onto Dan 's face , large in foreground . his eye flicker and open . as we track back , he care - fully disengage himseif from she arm and get out of bed without disturbing she . another angle dress , oan place a note by the bedside . omitted | int . gallagrer apartment hall - early morning quincy be asleep against the front door , await he master 's return , he wake at the SOUND of footstep , wag he tail in anticipation . aa key be inserted in the lock , the door open , and Dan come in . quincy jump up eagerly . dan good boy , quincy . yeah , I be gonna take you cut in a minute . ( we will go out in a mingte . ) he see the message indicator winking a the answer machine and go to replay the tape . ther¢ be a couple of click before beth 's voice come on . beth ( ¥.0 . ) hi . what happen to you ? I [ try you earlier ... 1 quess you be not back . I [ '' go to bed now , ao call I in the morning . the machine beeps and start t> rewind . Dan lack pensive . he move out of shot , revealing a frame photo af Beth and ellen . int . gallagzer apartment bateroom - day Dan luxuriate in the stream jet of cleanse Water . a large inflatable mickey mouse doll grin in the h.g. , suspend from the ceiling . int . rogerson bouse - greenhouse - Day joan rogerson answer the phone . ( continued ) 26 . 39 continued : joar hello ? oh , Dan ( darling ) ... we be axpect you ! 58 int . gallagher apartment - kitchen - day Dan {5 pace . ee look clean and fresh after he ablution , he 's on the phone . dan yeaan , I know . f'm sorry 1 could not make it ... $ 9 int . rogerson house - kitchen - day Joan rogerson , Beth 's mother , be a attractive fifty year old . the house be comfortable and large , sithour look expensive , it 's the house Beth grow up in . joan yes ... it 's a pity , we really want you to see this house ... $ 98 intercut - dan dan well , I will see it next time . joan yes. of course ; you want to spaak to Beth , I guess ... ban yes , please . joan yes , hold on a minute ... Beth , phone ...! Joan open the kitchen window and call to Beth , who ig play a game of footbal . in the garden with elien and hec father , howard . Beth come inte the greenhouse . joan it 's Dan . bete well , hello . what nappen to you ? , ( continued ) 394 continued : dan ( vaguely ) - oh , I end up have dinner with i. : bill. seth you sound like you get a hangover . dan ( defensively ) no , I feel fine . bete how be he ? dan he 's , uh , same as ever . you know bill. ( just Bill ) Joan tun outside . joan ellen , be carefuli bete be he still with that girl ? dan : ~ well , he be not last night ... for think it 's over . he do not seem the want to talk about it . beth so , be you get any work do ? dan : yeah , [ '' work {very } hard . beth sound like it . listen , there 's some of the spaghetti sauce in the fridge if you get hungry . dan right ... how 's ellen do ? beth she 's have the best time . T just hope dad survive it . I do not know how t> tell you this , honey ... she take the phone and sit down , brace herself . ( continued : — ee ee ce soa continued : 30 . ( 2 ) beth ocontinue ) +s she want a rabbit . dan no rabbit ! honey , this family 's gonna turn into noah 's goddamn ark . give she a kiss and no promise . when be you come home ? beth well , it 's get complicated ... dan ( how comea ? } why be that ? beth there 's a problem with the house . dan {hopeful ) they sell it ? bet very funny . no . tt turn out that we can not see it until late this afternoon . darling , I be not up to fight all that traffic . I think I would drive in ( first thing} tomorrow morning . dan ( disappointed ) dog not ellen have school ? beth she 's five year old ; what 's she gonna miss , trigonometry ? dan ( reluctant : yeah . okay . I will see you when I gec home from war , betz okay ... " by# , sweetie , dan take car. okay ? have a good time . { Love you a icc . ) {continued oe ee 8 I mm ee ee 59 a 60 goa — eo dl . continueo : { 3 ) . he hang up . he remain there for a moment , sit pensively . almost immediately , the phone ring again . he pick it straight up . assume it 's Beth ealling back . dan yeah ? alex' bedroom - morning the room be in semi-darkness , the only light come through a ¢rack in the curtain . . Alex squat on the bed , in a black kimono , lighting up she first cigarette of the day . she be still a little groggy from sleep and look very dishevel -- ina ward , rough . alex what happen ? I wake up and you be not there . { I hate that . ) intercut - dan dan do not you see my note ? alex what note ? dan I leave you a note , by the bed . alex ( sheing it ) on ... tread it ) that 's nice . but I think we be go to spend today together . dan . I 've get so much work ... alex why do not you just come over ? t'll cook we lunch . dan I have get this dog to look after . ( this dog have not be cut of the house all day ) I can not leave he alone a.l day . [ continued ) meee I mee 8 ee oe boa _ — ho ma 32 . continued : alex bring the dog . I love animal ... come on ... I be a graat cack . dan ( weaken ) listen ... I would love to , Alex , really , but -= alex look , do what you have to do and then come over , we can always eat late , if you want . m . dan okay ... maybe later a . alex ( persist ) or.+. you can work here , for will not disturb you . i'1e be a good girl , you will see . dan ( amused ) you do not give up , do you ? alex you should be flatter . oan ( laugh ) iam ... okay , but I be gonna do gome work here first , then I have get to take the dog to the park for a walk . alex alright -- I will meet you at the blast Street entrance at one o'clock . ext , central park - day quincy be run in the park with Dan and Alex . they catch up with each osher , and start reiling around in the grass , fight for quincy 's bal : Dan get ut , throw the ball . Alex catch it and throw it back to Dan . Dan send the dail nigh in the sky towards Alex . this time it look as if quincey will not even bother chase it . dan go ont quincy , cover you man !! {continued ; ees ca él ee 33 . continued : ad lib be football game . Alex have to run backwards to catch the ball high above she head . alex . ob ... oh God ... she just manage to get there . dan throw it back ! gallagher be the name , football 's the game ! . Alex laugh . Dan yella more ad lib about football a he fade back for tne ball . she throw the bali back , but this time it lack length . Dan sprint forward to intercept . he and the dog be on a collision course , the ball bounce towards Dan . he lunge for it , catch it . he run on for a few pace , carry forward by he own momentum . suddenly he pull up , he knee guckle undec he . he sink slowly to the ground . clutching he chest . lex she be no longer laugh . she start toward he in horror . alex Dan , , .? she break into a run . alex ( continue ; panic ) danl she reach the spot where he lie . se be unconscious . she shake he gently , he doesn ‘c move . alex dan. , .! can you hear I ...? oh God ! [ on shit ! ) she be reaily worried now . she put het mead to he chest to listen fcr he heartbeat . she straighten up , suddenly he pull a grocesque face and make a spooky noise . she practical : y sump out of he : skin . ( continued | ee mm mee a ae ae 61a 34 . continued : alex you bastard ! Dan hoot with laughter . oah you face ! you face ! alex that be a shitty thing to do . she sit up - she 's really quite upset . dan bey , I '' sorry . I be just fool around . she stare into the distance . her voice ts stony . alex my father die of a heart attack . I be seven year old . I [t happen right in front of I . Dan shake he head numbly . he feel terrible . dan ( oh honey ) i be sorry . really 7 be ... that 's awful . I apologize . if i'd know , [ I never would have ... * Alex sit there , watch he squirm . suddenly she burst out laugh . alex ha , ha ! he 's take aback . ft take he a second or two to eat on . ban ( you dad 's okay ? ) ' you dad do not die ? he 's alive ?? alex he 's alive and well and live in Phoenix . dan ( ruefully ) well , you gos I . tf cerzainly ceserve that one ! ( continued ! 61a 62 63 a4 _ — ee 35 . continued : ( 2 ) he look at Alex out of the corner of he eye , as if to say " what have I get myself involved with here ? '' she smile sweetly . butter would not melt . int . alex' afartment - afternoon a tafe of '' Madame Butterfly '' plays as Dan and quincy awkwardly examine the apartment . Alex come by , wear a apron , look efficient , on she way from the kitchen . she turn up the volume of '' Butterfly . '' alex let 's heart it . camera ecld on Dan 's reaction ; how nice to be with someone who like to listen to music loud . alex ( 0.5 . ) ocontinue } I hope you like spaghetti ... specialty of the house ! dan go with the opera -- he uncork a bottle of wine , try not to notice quincy sniff about this strange place , he pour two glass and head cut . she 's cooking up a storm . Dan uncork the bottle . dan that smeil so good ... be take the bottle to the table and pour two glass . dan anything else = can do to help ? alex no , no , just maxe yourself at home , you could out on ancther tape if you want . dan na , this be greac . 1 love " Madame Butterfly . " ; alex ( pleased ) really ? it 's my favorice opera . ( continued ) mma ee mm mee 36 . 63 cortinued : & 64 Dan bring she a glass . he remember , twirling he giass . _ : dah mine toc , it 's the first opera I ever ( hear ) see . my dad take I to {see it at ) the old met when I be five year old . alex do it make sense at all ? dan oh , yeah , I get the gist of it . tit understand about this U.S. sailor get up house with this japanese girl -~ I get all that . but in the last act , after he leave ner and my father tell I that she be gonna kill herself , I be terrify ( freak out ) and ulimb right under the chair . ( he listen } right here , be not it ? { listen ... } she nod . they listen for a moment , ban remember . dan ~ ( continue ) funny . alex what ? dan I remember it as be one {well it have to be one ) of the few time my dad be cealiy nice co I ... comforting I ak " Madame Butterfly . '' he shake bis head at the memory and take a drink ; he faiis to see how move Alex be by this " confession . " 63 int . alex' dine area - later i 56 " Butterfly * in b.g. Dan and Alex look ah each ather over they glass . dan ahat ?... what ace you think ? about ? ( continued ; im meem ee meme ee ee ee `s & 66 continued : 37 . alex tshake she head ) I be wonder : why be all the interesting guy always marry ? oan maybe that 's what make they ( why they be ) interesting -- the fact that you can not have they . alex how long have you be marry ? dan nine year . alex have you get kid ? dan yeah . a six year old gizl . alex sound ( pretty ) good . dan yes . well , I 'ma lucky guy . alex so what be you do here ? dar funcomfortably ) Boy ... you ( sure ) know how to ask ‘em . alex I really want to know . look , I have a wonderful time last night . I would like to see you again . be that so terrible ? ( awful ? ) dan no ... I just do not think it 's possible . Alex ... really ... this be very unusuai for I . I do not do this ... alex S 's strange . I feel like I already know you . I just wanna know where I stand . Fe iook she square.y in the aye . ( continue : 65 é 66 67 continued : ( 2 ) gan I think you be terrific ... but i'm marry . what can I say ? { so ft do not know what else to say ... ) alex { I guess ) just my luck , ( 7 guess . ) she raise she glass ironically and drink , cover she disappointment , int . alex 's apartment - bedroom - evening the fade evening light cast voluptuous shadow through the window . Alex and Dan be in bed , naked under the sheet . Dan be asleep . propped up on one elbow , Alex look down at he tenderly , watch he . all be still . suddenly Dan 's eye apen . for a moment he do not know where he be . he look at he watch , dan shit ! re swing he leg out of the bed . for Alex the mood be abtuptly shattered . alex what be you dcing ? he pull on he shirt . dan I have to go . alex what for ? I think you say she do not get back till tomorrow , dan ( patiently ; look , there be thing I have to do . 1 gotta ¢o home . alex ( angrily ) you know ... I do not think I like this ! dan like what ? ncontinies ) 67 39 . continued : alex the way you keep run off every time we make love . he look at she and see that she be in earnest . indeed , there be a edge of almost manic desperation to hes voice . he try to take the heat out of the situation . she grab dar . ( gently ) Alex , whether I leave now or in the morning , the fact be , I gotta go . alex well , you be not gonna go now ! hold of he snirt . oan this be ... stop it ... stop it !! alex T mean it ! there be a loud rip as the shirt tear . they be both angry now , he start dan what 's the problem ?? ( what be you do ? ) alex I be sorry . dar ( you ganna be ) be reasonable . alex I be reasonable ? what ? -- thank you , goodbye , do not call I , I will call you . to button up he shirt . dan you know all abaut I . ££ do not hide anything . < i think it be all undersctcod . alex what be understaod ? dan the appertunity be there and have take it . we be boch acult , be not we ? ( [ cgrtince : a a a a a a ce 67 68 40 . continued : ( 2 ) alex what 's that suppose to mean ? dan . - {lamely } I think we could have a good time . alex no , you think you have have a good time . you do not stop for a second to think about I . dan : this be crazy !... you know the rule -- ( contenf ¥hfusly ) what rule ...? dan look , Alex , I like you . I do . I be not say if I be not witn someone elise ... in anothec time and place ... that we could not have have ... I be not free . alex ( groan } please ! do not justify yourself . it 's pathetic : if you just tell I to fuck off I would have more respect for you . be look at she with calm deliberation . dan all right . fuck off . alex okay ... ane you -- get out ! she lasn out vith she foot , ukick he off the edge of the bed , int . alex' apartment - kitchen ~ night Alex stand over one of the worktop . she back to the entrance . she 's wear only a t-smirt . as San come in , she drop something sata the surface with ea metallic clattea . dan {flatly } ( okay ) I be leave . ¢continied ) 4h. continued : she turn around , a smile on she face . alex why do not you come here and say goodbye nicely ... okay ? let 's be friend . re advance warily . she put she arm around he neck and kiss he . alex I '' sorry if I upset you . dan it 's okay . it 's okay . she kiss he again , more fiercely this time , hold he face in both hand . she release he and take a step back , she have a triumphant gleam in she eye . ee raise a hand to he cheek . : dar you hand be all wer . be look down at he own hand , which be smear with red , then back to she . she brandish she wrist , giggle crazily . blood coze from two ugly gashes . oan thorrify ) oh Jesus ( Christ ) ... jesusi ! alex otaunt him} afraid of a little blood ? be drag she to the sink and run cold water aver the cut . she wince with pain , she laughter turn to tear . can hold on ... keep it under the water . Jesus Christ !! alex T '' sorry ... i'm sorry ! dan you have a eicst aid kit ? alex nsob ; shake she head ) ( Ho . ) ncontince ) - — _ I - - ew - 2 ---- — --- I 63 70 42 , continued : 2 ) dan ( unnerve ) have you get a bandage ? have you get anything I can use as a bandage ?? bere ! sold it up ... hold tight . int . alex ‘s apartment - bedroom - nicht Dan burst into the room , go to a chest of drawer and search for something to use as a bandage . he find a shirt and tear if into strin . iwt . alex' apartment - bathroom - nigat Alex be sit on the tub , Dan crouch in front of she . he finish bandage she wrist . she be silent , head bow , submit passively to he ministration . dan {tgenely ) . be that too tignt ? Alex shake head , dan ( continue ) we gotta ga to the hosnital . ' you May need stitches . alex no ... ( I be okay . ) ( al1 tignt ) I be fine . Dan look into she eye , search for a explanation . she turn she head away . alex do not look at I like that . ( why be you look at I like that ? ) a solitacy tear trickle down she cheek . she try tc fight it bacx . dan why ? can you cell I why ? why be you so unhappy ?? she lack at he , start to speak , burst into tear and finally get it cut through strangle sob . alex I be so alone ! ( continue ; 70 th 72 43 . continued : the word come out in a protract , almost primeval wail , a terrible cry of pain . she start to weep uncontrollably , bury she face in she bandage hand . move , Dan hold she in he arm , stroking she hair . alex ( between sob3 ) sometimes ... I come home ... and I just ... sit here ... and there 's a kind of tightness in my chest . it 's like I can not breathe ... ) I be a0 sorry ... dar do not be sarry , do not ba sorry ... okay , it 's okay . ' you do not have to be sorry . ( no reason to be sorry . ) the tear be stream down she face . we CUT back wide to show she crady in he arm , a touch , pathetic sight . int . alex' apartment - batzroom - night Dan open a mirrore cabinet above the basin . he be confront by row and row of pill . he find the bottle he be leok for and close the door . come face to face with he own grim reflection . int . alex' apartment - bedroom - night Alex ig in bed . Dan sit beside she , watch as she swallow two of the piil . she lie back , look very pale . all hee defense ace down . she be totally vulnerable . dan you will feel better when you get some sleep . i'11 stay here tonight . alex you do not have to . I be okay now . dan ( sincerely ) no ... I want to . she attempt a brave smile . aan I all be in the other rocm if you need I . ( continue ; 72 73 a4 , continued : . alex thank you for be so kind . dan ( paternally ) go to sleep , okay ? he get off the bed , awitch off the bedside light . she turn over and curl up into a fetal pesition . . int . alex 's aparthent - hain room - night . ban dial a number . the leave of a large petted pala cask ominous , jag shadow over he face . hen he speak , he keep he voice low afraid of be overhear . beta { v.0 . ) hello ? dan hi. beth ( '' ,0 . ) hi! dan " ( tentatively ) ( how be you ? ) do you juste call I ? beth ( v.0 . ) no. dan ( grop ) I be in the shower and the phone ring . [ I think maybe it be you ... beth { v.0.} nsuppress a yawn ) nope ... dan how be you ? do you have a goad day ? bete ( ¥.6 . ) ( revive ) we go to see the house . {continued ) 73 74 74a 745 4s . continued : dan yeah ? and ...? ghitted int . alex' bedroom - niget Alex lie still , aye close , as Dan 's conversation can be faintly hear . we can not tell if she 's listen or not . - dan ( 0.5 . ) you do ? really ? Babe , that 's really terrific . you really sound excited ... . back to dan in alex 's live room dan -.. yeah ... yeah . you know I be not against it , go not get the wrong idea . it 's just a question of the money . beth ( ¥.0 . ) ( the go scout ) I know , if we can not afford it . we can not afford it . what be you up to ? dan nething much . I think I will get a bite , kick in early ( go to bed early} . I be wipe . bete ( ¥.0 . } see you tomorrow . dan okay , darling . TI love you . : beth [ ( v.0 . } I love you tco . dan okay ... ' bye . th [ ¥.o. ) ‘aye , carling . can put down the phone , deep in think . feeling like anit . 7s 76 77 no int . alex' apartment - bedroom - night Alex be fast asleep . Dan wander around the kitchen and the live room , look in on Alex on the way . later , he sit on the live room couch , deep in think . tht . alex be lott - bedroom - dawn Dan be lie on top of the hed , fully clothed , he eye open . softly , he get up and step to the window , roy the meat macket on the corner be already in full saw . Dan lean over the bed . ban ( softly } Alex ? she wake drowsily . she take a second or cwa to focus on he . she smile weakly . dan neontinue ) how be you feel ? alex okay . dan do it hurt ? she move she wrist from side to side . alex ( wince ) a little . dan yean , I gotta go now . alex fill you ¢all I sometime ? you do not have to if you do not want 20 . dan no , no . I will . tf you promise I you will see the doccor . ( continued ; a - ae - = == mee meee 8 8 ee the el 77 78 73 tok a7 . continued : alez okay . he bend forward and kiss she chastely on the fore - head . dan Goodbye . alex Goodbye . . '' dan you take care . alex you toc . he pause at the door and look back . Alex turn over and go back to sleep . int . gallagher apartment - bedroom - morning Dan ruffle the bedclothes until satisfiec the bed have & suitably sleep - in look . int . gallagher apartment - kitchen ~ morning : he open the refrigerator , take out a pan of 6 paghetti sauce and give it to quincy who consume it with relish . int . dan' office and hall - & a.m. martha , Dan 's secretary , cross the hall and see Dan 's door open . she go into he office . martha what be you do here ? [ t 's eight a.m . Dan look up from he work , glass slide down he hese . dan ( martha , I '' in the snithouse . ) i'm suppose to be in court by two anc I be ceally behind . oa I a faver , cancel averything and call drimmer ~~ tell he we be Fine and I will see he there at two , ( continoesd ) toa $ a continued = : martha : nback out ) at two . o---kay ...- : dan good morning , martha !... int . gallagher apartment hallway - night Dan put the key in the door and enter , somewhat bushed . : dak - hello ? as he start to take off he coat , ellen charge down the hall and jump into he arm . ellen daddy ...! dan bey , how 's my main squeeze ? be hold she awkwardiy in he arm and walk toward the kitchen . ellen we have a great time ! I go for a walk with grandpa and we see tabbit and Sally chase they but she do not catch any and ... oar mlaugh ) bey , slow down ! for can not understand a word you be say ! Beth be stand in the kitchen . a hig smile on she face . len bur , dadéy , I want a rabbit ... beth hi , darling ... Dan hi , habe ... 3 really miss you . ellen pick up he briefcase and carry it off , bete liar . ( continged ) -- 5 =... - -.- meee eee ac al 49 . continued : . dan T do . he kiss she tenderly . ha put he arm around she and hold she tight . he kiss she again , almost sagging with reli@f . beth ( laugh } I should go away more often . int . gallagher kitchen area - night dinner be over and Beth ts put away dish . start on elien 's tiny hand , attempt to shuffle a deck of card which she then present to oan . a aura of calm and serenity pervade . low light , ellen now pick a card . dan any card ? ellen look at she mother , wha nod . ellen yes . Dan pick a card . Beth be clear the table . dan where would she learn tnis ? ellen grandpa show I ! { of course , grandma be too old . } gan do . with great absorption , much to he delight , ashe begin to deal with the card into row . dan do I show it to you ? ellen no ... put it back . the tricx be gonna take forever . dan its bech ) sa ... row be it ? {continued } not en va ee ee bl continued : bete oput thing away ) how be what ? , dan come on , I be a hig boy . tell I . I can take it . ellen lean to tell he in he ear . ellen it have a place for rabbit . Dan make a terrible face . Beth re-enter with two coffee mug and sit down . dan ( die gasp } she say it , she say the " R " '' word , beth what can I tell you ... it 's perfect ! ellen ( point ) be it in this row ? Dan lift one eye and peek . dan no. beth ( offhand ) so ... shen be you gonna come up and take @ look -= just for the . hell of it ? ellen ( point ) in this row ? dan no. how abour first thing in the morning ? Beth react , surprised , very excited . ellen daddy . with whien raw ? Dan nlookiag as Beth ) this one , sweetnearc . =d , {continued | 61 b2 83 Bas continued : ( 2 ) . bete you mean it ? dan yeah , I mean it -- if you can get I back by one o'clock . be 's smile , so happy to be home with they . ellen wait , that 's wrong , i make a mistake . wow it hafta start over . she gather up the card . Fine with Dan if it take all night . ext . country hoose - day in long shot , a small two story timber house , paince white , the paint somewhat flake . they volvo be pack in the drive next to another car , ent . country house - MAIN rcom - day they footstep echo on the bare floorboard of they empty house . Light stream in through the wide sin - dow . there be a spectacular view over open country - side , fan look around , impressed . Beth see this and gunse victory . beth well ? dan ( smile ) it 's okay ...- he be try not to let he enthusiasm show . seth what do you mean , '' okay " ! it 's fantastic : doan ( temporize ) sh , sh ... fantastic ! t's gteat , it 's great . beth ( excitedly ) just think cf all the money we will save by net iive in New York . and I can get a job teach . once 1 ges my dipicma . ncontinue } se = = + + tee ap - 4 = ome 2 on oe a3 84 as 52 . continued : dan {dubiously ) ont yeah ... int . country house - hall - day they continue through toward the hall , where the agent , a primly dress woman in she forty , have be hover - ing in the doorway . agent the local high school 's axcellent . : . my own child wenc there . beth you see ? agent this teally be a terrific acea for kid . dan no , I be gure . would it be okay if T ... he point to the stair . agent please . go right ahead . I will wait ( for you ) down here {for you ) . they carry on up the stair . oan 's resistance be weak - ening , he objection sounding less and less convinc - ing . dan we would still have to decorate . beth there 's nothing we can not eix ourselves . we can have painting pacty . dan Painting party ? Beth , you be make I very nervous . int . country house - loft room ~ day the trap door swing open and oan 's head appear , fol - low by bath 's . ( continced ) - el ae ~ 2 ew ee eee ee ee ae 86 s3 . continued : dah wow ! look at this ! this be fantastic ! this be great ! they step up into the reom . the floor be varnish wood . two window have be cut in the sloping roof . the ceiling have be plaster over between beam , leave the wood expose . a really skillful conver - gion . beth this ' have make a terrific playroom . dan {completely win over ) what be you talk about , playroom ?? this be my de ! beth I know you would like it ! dan how about make it a nursery ?! be put he arm around she and give she a big kiss . be push she back toward the floor , pretend to tavish she . she resist iaughingly . bete I already do that ... Dan , stop itl she manage to trip he , they fall togethe : on the floor with a loud bang . ae start to make ilove in earnest . da why do not we christen this little sucker tight here ? agent [ 0.s . ) be you all righ : up there ? dan yes , thank you ! they giggle -- but they do not : stop . tc. law firm build - cay tneit car pull up outside tne entrance . Dan jump out ard run jato the buzide . ----- moe ce b87 88 ag 34 . tut . build lobby - day Dan enter the building and cross toward the bank of elevator . several people , include a stun slonde and a baby in @ stroller , be about to get onto a elevator . Dan run to catch it . int . law firm build elevator - day Dan be stand naxt to the extremely attractive girl . he look at she , then studiously ignore she . he look around , at the floor , and finally at the baby in the stroller . the baby stare back at he , quizzicaliy . int . law firm - reception - day Dan come out of the elevator and into the reception be , man I will be in court . . ednice thank you . man hi , Dan , how you do ? eunice good afternoon , Mr. gallagher , dan hello , Eunice . martha back crom , lunch yet ? eunice she just get back . sitting there , wait , be Alex . she look somewhat severe in a well cut cark suit , but still very beauti - ful . she be obviously ill at #ase . alex hi. dan hello . Ze glance towards the receptionist , who be watch thet , she look away . ( continued ) e- they the eee ee ag 90 $ $ . continued : alex I hope this be not inconvenient . 1 be in the area ... I figure ... she trail off . dan no , no ... would you lika to come into my office . int . law firm - corridor ~ day they walk along in silence . Alex be watch he out of the corner of she eye . they pass the open door of a office , inside which we glimpse Jimmy . he see Dan and poke he head out the docr . simmy bey ! Dan ! Dan stop and turn . so do Alex . jimmy ( continue ) will you be in you office later ? thece 's something = need the go over with you . dan sure . Jimmy be look curiously at Alex , tie to place she . jimhy have not we meet somewhere ? alex {coolly } I can not imagine . dan Weil ... Fe and Alex continue up the corriccr . Jimmy go back into he office , still try to figure it out . int . Law firm - dan' office - day they enter the office . martha , he secretary , be vis ~ idle tnrough tne door , stare after they , obvicusly intrigue by Alex . gan close the docr on hee . {continjed | ae ee — _ — _ - =a i 93 , 56 . continded : be goex and sit at he desk , point Alex to the chair in front . there be a bizarrely formal air to the proceedings . dan have a seat . alex thanks . she sit . Dan can not help glance at she wrist , which be cover hy she long sleeve . dan ( awkwardly ) be you okay ...? I be go to call you today . alex I be fine . listen ... I find this terrible embarrassing ... I want to say '' sorry '' for what happen . I have no right to put you through all that . dan nething happen . okay ? but shé seem determine to explain herself . alex the fact be , I would heen go through a bad time . I be come to some sort of crisis . 1 fear much better now , thanks to you . ( so , thank you . ) * dak you do not have to thank I . alex oh yes , I do . most guy would have just take off . ( run away . } i do not know what might have happen ... ( what I would have do ) i€ you have n*t be there . dan you be loek geod . as a matter ef fact . you leok great . he look at she with a smilie . and indeed , it 's true . ee 's beginning to warm tc she , now he realize she 's sane again . 4 continue ) at 37 . continued : ( 2 ) alex tquietly ) thanks . there be a moment 's silence . Dan be not quite sure what 's come next or where the conversation be lead - ing . : alec ocontinue ) so ... all that 's in the past . I be vonder .. , . would you do I ( I would like the ask ) one more favor . dan what 's that ? he shift awkwardly in he chair . alex I have get ticket for Madame Butterfly two week from Thursday . td be very grateful if you would let I take you . a peace offer . - dan it 's very kind of you , bur i teally do not think this be a good idea ... alex nsmile } no string attach . dan {gently } Alex , under different circum -- aide you do not have to explain . I just think I would ask . { she get up ) I will see you sometime . they go to shake hand . Dan suddenly find the formal - ity cather ridiculous . dan hey ? he kiss she . dan { so lang . ) take care . {continjed ; meme a se 8 91 $ 2 93 94 95 sé , continued : { 3 ) - alex Goodbye . he escort she to he door , and close it after she . he shake he head and let cut a deep breath . int . opera house - night on stage , the beginning of Act 2 of Madame Butterfly be in progress . butterfly sing of she iove for pinkerton and dream of he return '' one fine day " ... the camera glide over the head of the audience until it discover Alex . she sit alone , next to a empty seat , elegantly dress for a night at the opera , we move closer , until she face fill tee screen . she listen to the music with a fix expression , tmpas - sive , devoid of emotion . it 's a strangely unsettle image . int . bowling alley - niget Dan and Beth be seat at the secsre table with stldy and jimmy . they take turn get up to bowl in the alley before they , the lady really go not know how to bowl , the man profess to be expert . there be beec and shouting , lot of laughter and let of warmth . the mosic from the previous scene ( '' madame buttersly '' ) continue over the soundtrack , int . opera house ~ close shot - alex - night the image of Alex hover over they like some malevolent bird of prey . who know what dark thought be palpi - tating behind that impenetrable eve . on stage the opera be come tc its climax . wtrerfly collapse to the ground , mortally wounded by ner own hand . as she cinally expire , we hear pinkerton be desperate cayz offstage . oe eee 59 . 96 inf. law pirm corridor - day we trace back from Arthur and Dan , past office after office . arteor -.. about Rogers versus whatchmacallit -- dan noverlapp } winitsky ... arthur right , I get you memo , you be gonna go for sumtary judgment ? darn why not ? the fact be not in dispute . Rogers admit he read winitsky 's article . the only question be , do he plagfarize it in he book ? as you well know , { as we both know ) , you can not copyright a idea , just the expr ion of a idea . Rogers certainly do not use any of the word in the book ! arthur lemme think about it , okay ? sa , I hear you be about to become 3 suburbanite . . dan . yeah , we take the plunge ... artrur get a buyer for the apartment ... dan mot yet ... arthur get cold sweat about you escrow ? ~ dan maybe a little ... Arthur stop . arthur but net about regecs and winitsky ? can no , sir . Arthur eye aim shrewdly , appraise . 97 38 99 60 . int . law pirm - martha' office ~ day martha be talk on the phone . martha he 's still in a meeting ... yes , T know , I do expect he to he through by now ... int . law pirm ~ corridor - day Dan and Arthur be walk towards Dan 's office , arthur the 's decide ) I would like you to have lunch with I on Tuesday , if you be around . dan on that would be great . Arthur . ( thank you , Arthur , it will be my pleasure . ) let I just check my diary . '' irt . law firm - marthan office - day they active outside the decor . martha be stil talk . she 's have a hard time get off the phane . martha you be om he list of calis ... she look up 4s Dan enter . he look at she quiz - zically . she cover the receiver . martha it 's Alex Forest . dan ( €rowns} again ? I think you tald she i'd call back ? he can not help glance back to where Arthur be stilt hover in the doorway . hartea I do . dan let I see the diary . 2yt she on hold . she hand it to he . ye murriedly look for tre rele - vant page . ( continued ) 99 1¢a 101 102 5l. continued : he leave . martha . martha would you mind helding ? # e 'il be free in a moment . dan ( to Arthur ) ( Arthur , ) Tuesday would be great { arthur} , thank you . arthur good . I loek forward to it . once satisfied he 's go , Dan turn to dan put she through . int . law firm - dan' office - Day Dan pick omitted Dan hang to martna ' up the phone , dan hella ? look , Alex , I think we would agree this be not a good idea . lex ( 0.s. ) T have to see you . dan why ? what foc ? alex 10.5 . ) there 's something we have to ciscuss . dan I be sorry . I think you understand , {ff I have somehow give you the wrang idea , I apologize . but I think it 's sest if we do not talk to each other anymore . pe they push the button for the intercon 's office . dan Z£ she cail acain , tell she I be gut . 103 104 105 frt . gallagher apartment ~ bedroom - night : - Beth be sit in front of the mirror , fix she makeip , get ready for the evening . she 's look great in bra and panty . Dan come up behind and put bis arm around she , kissing the nape of she neck . dan emmm ... you smeli good . he stroke she breast . beth ( gentiy} Dan ... they be gonna be here ina minute . he kiss she on the lip . she respond , enjoy the moment . dan just let I look at you ... God , you be beautiful !.. , Beth be surprised and touch by he romanticism , but she respects he intensity . Dan sit behind she and start to stroke she leg . he : breast . he look into she sye . they be about to kiss again . tne doorbell ring . beth ( smile ) would not ya know ? omitted int . gallagher apartment - live room - evening Jimmy pries the cork off cne of the bottle with a loud pop . he rush to fill the glass . they be all seat around the sofa . General ad libbing of cheer and excited chatter as froth champagne spill over tne table , Jimmy raise he glass in moc ! sclemnity . jimmy ( ad lib re® insurance , cold sore . etc . } lady and gentleman , my wife ( my ball and chain ) , ( methec of some of my child ... ( continued ; 108 continued : 63. {biloy you should have such a bali and chain ! ) jimmy a toast ! here 's to Miller , goodman , burst ... and gallagher !! dan guy , all he do be ask I to lunch . hildy -.. and they be move to they country estate ; they will forget they ever know we pleb ... dan ( too straight ) now wait a minute . I want you to know I have be read one of that self - help book lately ... fimmy : publish by robbin and hart , of course ... . dan qf course . '' samurai self-help . " and it tell how to deal with the anxiety cf friend as you move up the corporate ladder and they stay put . or , God forbid , move down ... jtmey ( denir in " taxi Driver " ) : you talk the I ? to I :? well , there 's no one eise here ... he 's be tr ten year ... thing} ... ts get deira for s$ pathetic ( a sad dan move right alea¢ . and in this book at telis you not ts coddte the anxiety of this friend . $ a i'm not ganna make a lor of false reassurance . I can not say you 'o ] be up 4very weekend . let 's face it , thing have change . ( mgae ; ( continued ) 105 losa i053 mane 64 . continued : ( 2 } ban ( cont 'd ) this be not a classless society . as a matter of fact , this be goodbye , guysi ... jimmy i know it . well , at least you be run true to form ... beth Dan ... . dar well , honey . it 's best to make a clean break . we be on we way , we wanna travel light ... the prone ring . Beth answer . the other ga on chat ~ - ting close on beth she pick up the phone , beth rello , ..? hello ...? Dan look over towards she , alert by a sixth sense . Beth replace the receiver with a frown , and return tc the table . . bete teanatinue } ) nobody there . that 's the second time tonight . I hate that . it give I the creep . hiloy I be always afraid it 's someone try fa case the joint . jimmy oh , not , do not worry -- it 's probably cne cf Dan 's girl friend . laughter . close on dan a sudder reaction , as he 's catch aff guard by Jimmy 's jibe . of course , it 's exactiy what he 's think . he quickly laugh it off . [ continued ] wee be 10528 106 107 lova 65 . continued : '' dan yeah , but which one ? but as the camera linger on he face , we sense he anxiety . int . gallagher apartment -— redroom + niget the camera slowly track towards the bed , where Dan and Beth be asleep , continuing past to end on a close shot of the telephone next to gan ! 's head . it clang into life . - Dan 's eye open wide as he be jolted awake . almost on instinct , he reach for the phone before it can ring again . Beth stir drowsily in she sleep . dan yeah ?... alex' apartment bedroom - big closeup - nigat Alex 's face be set hard . alex at last . back to dan ke shcot a anxious glance in Beth 's direction . she be slowly waking up , intrigue by a call at this late hour . dan oh , richacd . it 's kinda late , be not it ? alex ( 0.5 . ) if you keep refuse my call at the office , you leave I no choice . Dan yun , it 's two in the morning here . can not this wait till tomorray mocn ? alex oh ... be it awxevard for you to talk ? dan you coule say that . 107a continued : he replace leak act she turn finally se ing up at he . 66 . alex I have get to see you . dan I ... uh ... do not have the ... the documentacion here to answer that question . I x11 cail you from the office . alex no , meet I in front of the robbing and hart building at six . dan well , let I just think ( about that ) ... alex De nort disappoint I . dan you can reiy on that . alex be there . dan Goodbye . 's the phone . by now Beth be wide awake and he with open curiosity . bete who in the hell be that ? dan a client , Jesus , this guy think they own you ! beth in the midéle of the night ? dan it 's only eleven in L.A. 3eth ( disgruntled ) even 50 ... over , try the find a comfactable pesiticr , ttling down . Dan remain on he sack , star - the ceiling . this be beginning tp get to 67 . 103 ext . sixth avewue - evening Dan and Alex be walk along siath Avenue . he ia stride angrily along beside she . his loud voice attract the attention of passersby . dan this have get to stop . alex ( calmly ) dan. if you would agree to see I , I would not have nad to call you . dan '' . ie have not register , have it ? it 's over . there 's nothing between we . alex ichiil ) you mean you have have you fun , now you just want a quiet life . he pull she roughly into a doorway . ban why eat you do this ? alex {( scornfully ) do what ? dan ( explode ) you need help ?! he move away . she hurry to catch up with he . oan ( continue ) you need a shrink !! ( a fuck doctor ! } 1o9 int . subway station & corridor - day Dan and Alex be watk along the endless corridor . he look gcim . &lex why be you so hostile ? it really be not necessary , you know , i'm mot youc enemy . das then why 2 ar@® you try to aurt I ? mae 's 103 continued : 63. alex npain ) I do not want to hurt you , Dan . £ lieve you . a you what ? alex tquietly ) I love. you . dan * you do not even know I , alex ( intensely ) how can you say that ? dan ( baffle ) we spunt the weekend together . that 's as Far as it go . alex you stay that second night . you must have like I a little ? dan I be worried about you . why do you have to read so much inte everything ? she suddenly leok very vuineradle , he realize she really do believe he must feel something for she . dan ( gently ) can not you understand ? for nve get a whole life go with someone else . a vary happy one . alex ( bitterly ) Whole mean compiete . if you life 's so damn complete , what be you do vith I ? DAB be this [ why you nad to see I ? ) what you want to talk about ? we imaginary lave affair ? alex i'm pregnant . | continged ) meee I - i1og continued : ( 2 ) his jaw drop . she stare at he coolly . she hand alex ( continue ) now tell I you do not believe I . dan I do not believe you . alex ( sigh : reach into she purse} I see my gynecologist on Monday . | here 's he number ( if you want to call him} . you can call if you want to . he a card . he take it , stunne . dan do not you -~ alex use anything ? no , I do not . T have a very bad miscarriage last year . I do not think I could get pregnant . all Dan can de be stare at the care . . dan ( you be suce it 's mine ? ) how da you know it 's mine ? — alex hcontrol herself ) because I do not sleep around , dan okay , I be sorry ... I apologize . do not worry . I be not go to let you handle this on you own , alex randle what ? dan well -- the abortion . you do not have to worry about the maney . I will take care of it . alex what make you think I be go to have a abortion ? ( continjed ) tog continued : 70 . 63 ) dan nstun } na ..- nol ! you be not gonna have the baby ( kid ) 1 ? alex : why not ? there be plenty of successful one - parent family . at least they do not end in divorce . dan do I have any say in {all ) this ? + alex ( fiemly ) iowant the child . it have nothing to do with you . I be go to have it , whether you want to be a part of it or noc . dan then why the hell be you tell I ?? why not just do it ? alex ( subdued ) I be hope vou . would want to be a part of it . oan snake he head in despair . dan this be crazy ( insane} ... this be just crazy ! alex I be thirty - six year old ... this may be my last chance to have '' ehild . dan Alex , for goé 's sake , think what you be say : ( you be gonna ) this will affect bear of we life forever ?! . alex {earnestly } oo you tninx = do not know that +e ? ( I have theught about i : lot !...] T understand how you feel . it 's a big thing . sut it doesa‘t have the the a problen , really it do not ... play fair with I ané i ' 1 ) piay fair with you . ( continued ) 105 11a 112 fae continued : { 4 } she reat a reassure hand over he . but Dan feel far from reassure , he can see a nightmare euture open up in front of he . : int . gallagher apartment - live room - evening Beth sita at the dining table with ellen , read to she from a '' gink and fearl " book . beta " agnes and nellie and oink giggle and laugn in the dark . Pearl 1 listen outside the door . " , dan work at he desk , or at least try to . Fe can not cancentrate . se start to listen to Beth 's story , faint but distinct . beth ( 0.s. } " gooosco , it work , '' cry nellie . '' of course , '' say oink . '' look at the ely dog , '' yell agnes . '' wow ! '' cry nellie . int . gallagher apartment - live room - evening Beth continue the read . ellen be enthralled . beth peatl frown . '' who care about fly dog . " she say . nobody hear she . sense a presence , Beth look up . Beth smile and go back to she read . she sense nething amiss . close on dan he have a lock of poignant tenderness . never have he family appear more precious . he cannot take he eye away from they . beth [ ( 0.8 . ) " laok cut for the worm ! '' squeale agnes . '' eeseeeeki " yell nellie and agnes together . ee meat ae — — _ — _ — _ 112 be fae ext . alex' apartment boilding - horning Alex exit she building and leave for work . camera far . after she , come to rest en Dan , watch from across the street . satisfied that she 's out of the way , he race to the Front door . look anxiously around , Dan impulsively press all the duzzer . he be hyperventilate . after a moment , people start answering on the intercom , at least one person buzze . he 's in . instead of take the elevator , he race up the stair . Dan arrive on Alex 's floor , look around and hastily feel for the hide -avkey , he let himself into Alex 's flat . int . alex be lott - day Dan hurry through the apartment , look around . he do not even know what he 's look for , anything to give he a handle on this person he 's deal thy anything to give he some leverage . - in the bathroom , he look at all she many pill . some - thing catch he eye in the medicine chest . closeup : a home pregnancy test . she be tell the truth . at Alex 's desk , Dan pick up some papers and look through they ... be spin she rolodex , look for address ... a scrap - book catch he eye . he pull it down , thumb through it -~- angle of Alex 's family in Chicago . suddenly he stop : camera zoom in : a newspaper obituary of Alex 's father . he die of a heart attacx when Alex be seven ! Dan can not deo anything but gape . who the hell , ehat the hell be she ? int . law office - libaary - day a clerk be cistribute and coliect book among the stack . we discover Dan and Jimmy in a corner . ( continued } ee ee ae e_ - — — i1 é continued : id . dan so you know shat happen ... ( then you know what I do ? } right , I call hee doctor , and you know what he say ? '' cangratulation ! " can not you imagine what she must have say to he ? jimmy oh , Jesus ! look , what de you | think would happen if you just come out and tell Beth ? ban be you kid ? that have he the end . this woman be have oy child ( goddamn baby ! ) ... Beth could never accept that . nobody could . orun he hand through he hair ) anyway , you have not hear it all yet . ( that 's not the end ...} ( when I get off the phone with she doctor} , I break into she place this morning . I know ... I , a lawyer , break and enter . I be look for something , anything to give I a handle on wnat che hell I be deal with here . [ think maybe 1 could find out if she .was sleep with anyone else ... be hear a noise , stop . ~-= + dan ( continue ) I come up with nothing . Jimmy , I have never touchec family lay ; what kind of case do she have ? jimmy in New York State , the law will take a woman 's word for paternity until the child be bear and paternity can be test . until the baby come to term , the putative father ( you , pal , you the father ) be responsible for a1 medical and maintenance cost . in other word , the law suppese you guilty until prover innocent . ( continued ) ee ee ee -_ - _. — — _ — 124 _ —o oe continued : Dan look iety - ine ( 2 ) dar thanks , buddy { jimmy} ... you sound like a lawyer ! jimmy gorry - hey , come on ... look , once she realize you do not want anything to do with she , she 'o decide not to go through with it . she 's probably hope you will leave you wife . dan that 's crazy ! jimmy she sound a littie crazy . at he , he face haggard with pain and anz - dan she keep call the apartment . every time Beth answer , she hang up -.- I be scared , Jimmy . I really be . ( desperately ) I da n*t want to lose my family . he turn avay , afraid of show he emotion . . jimmy listen . Dan , can I aak you something ? i'¢@ ceally like to understand . I know you . you do not fuck around . [ haw come ? ) why would you do it ? dan that 's funny . she keep ask I that . if tome so happy , how come I go nome with she ? he walk over ts the window and look out . ~~ 2 dan ocontinue } all I can think of be a combination lock -- you knaw , all the tumbler nave to fall int place . if i have not deen macry ten year -> click . if I hac not go to that weekend meeting -- click . I morei ( continue ) ae eo mh. ae 1l¢ 115 se om 95 . continued : ( 3 ) dan ( cont 'd ) if Beth and ellen have not be in the country ( go away} -- click . if she have not heen at the meeting ~~ click . if it have not be raining so hard , if she have not be so attractive ( pretty ) ~- click , click , click -- you know ... ( I dont know ... ) I think everyone 's get some combination that will open they up ... that can uniock then , Long silence . int . alex ‘s apartment - bedroom - niget Alex be propped up in bed , wear she kimono , eat a apple . she look iike she 's be in bed all day . the ty be on , but she pay it no attention , she leaf through a manuscript distractedly . eventually she pick up the phone and dial , punch out the number with a stabbing finger . a aoto - voice come on the line . voice ( ¥.0 . ] I be sorry . the number you have dial have be disconnect and there be no new number , a tone be hear . Alex stare at the phone in dishe - lief , then dial 411 . operator [ ( v.0 . ) information , what city , please ? alex I '' try £o reach $ 55-b129 ... 212 . a recording say it 's be disconnect . operator ( ¥.0 . ) just a Minute ... that 's correct , the party have change to a unlist number . alex operater , this be a real emergency . please ... you must give I that number ! operator ( v.0 . ) I be sorry , we be not allow to do that . ( continued ) ee ee ome ee . 115 116 11 ? 11 — 119 ~~ 76 . continued : alex texplode } well , fuck you ! purious , Alex slam down the phone . omitted ext . gallagher apartment build - day Dan be walk along he street , deep in think . he start to cross the street , and be stop in the mid - dle by a car bowring furiously . he finally cross and entec he building , help a little old lady in . int , gallagher afartment hall - evening Dan come through into the apartment . h# can hear woman 's voice come from the main room , one be imme - diately recognizable as belong to Beth . the other sound uncomfortably familiar , the conversation ig on the subject of baby , as far as can be make out . Dan move towards the room with increase trepidation . int . MAIN room - evening the camera follows into the room . there , sit to - gether on the sofa , be Beth and Alex ! Beth rise with a smile . bet hi , darling . this Alex -- I be sorry , I have forgatcen youe last tame ... alex Alex forrest , hi. sethe Alex forrest ... my husband , Dan . he move forward , as if in a bad dream , almost in slow mation . alex jad tc meet you . dan Nice to meet you . ( continued ) -- + 2 oe hoo ee mm 2 ew we Te 113 continued : she give he she hand . we nas no alternative but to shake it . she hold onto he a fraction longer than ia necessary , atudy he with exaggerated curiosity . alex have not we meet before ? you face be avfully familiar . dan I do not think so . alex . no , ao , we have , be not you at a party at that japanese place a few wrek ago ? a book launch . beth . oh , darling ... the exercise book ! dan oh , yes ... yes . alex you 'te a lawyer , right ? you work for that firm ... what 's beth the name now ...? anyway , we ~ Miller , goodman & burst , definitely meet , dan you have a excellent memory , alex io never forget a face . bet it 's a smail world . alex it certainly be . she look at Dan significantly . there be a pause . a slight awkwardness , Alex dreak the silence , turn to dan. alex ( continue ) so ... I gather you be move to the country ? beth yes . alex have you find somewhere ? he do not answer . {continued ) 2 ee ee ae 78 . 119 continued : ( 2 ) beth . we be buy a house near bedford , have you ever be out there ? alex yes , it 's beautiful . so you would be teady to move out of here almost immediately ? Beth look to Dan for guidance . he be impassive , he face a freeze mask . bet we be plan to get some remodeling do first . if guass you be look for a place ( to move into ) right away ? alex well , I would zeally . I want to settle in . bet - {to dan} Alex be expect a baby . dan ( stiffly ) oh ... would you excuse I ? I have some call to make . he turn to he desk . Alex check she watch . alex goodness , f've gotta run , she move to get she coat and start across . she turn to Beth with a sweet smiie . alex thank you for the tea , thank you for show I che apartment . beth you be welcome , alex tlike it . 2 like it a lot . beth we have be very happy here . alex I would definitely like tc think apeut it , if I could . [ cgntinued ) _ -- 2 = whe et br — — — + - i193 120 121 continued : ( 3 ) betg . let I give you we number {direct} , $o you can cali we {direct} if you want to , Dan look on in dismay as heth scribbles down the num - ber and hand it to Alex . alex thank you . int . gallagher apartment hall - evering feth open the door to let Alex out , for a moment , Alex look at Dan stand in the doorway . alex ( continue ) T 'l} be in touch . she give he # 2 tight little smile , Beth close the door . . int . live room + day Dan be stand at the window , stare out at the city . Beth come in to clear the coffee table . . beth she seem really interasted . , , it 's funny , she do not mention a husband . I get the feel she 's on she own ( alone ) . she move towards Dan . he suddenly look tired and haggard , bete ( gently ) what 's up ? you seem gepress . dan ( smile weakly ) E '' fine . just tired . everything 's fine . she kiss the side of he head , int . law firm — dan' office - day we be close on he speaker phone , answer . ( continued ) ee a - _ — 121 122 123 124 — - _ a. = cowtinued : operator robbin and hart ... ban Alex forrest ... assistant miss forrest 's office ... dan yes , could I speak with miss forrest ? Dan gallagher . int . robein - and bart - alex 's office - day Alex 's assistant have answer the phone . he mouth Dan 's name to Alex , who be stand nearhy . she sig - nal that she 's not in . assistant ( pecsonal call ad lib ) she 's in a meeting , Mr. gallagher . can I have she return you cail ? int . law firm - dan' office - day he think for a moment , thwart . dan no ... i'll call she back . he slam the phone angrily . int . / ext , phone booth on manhattan STREET - day Dan be crossing the street to get to the phone booth in the neighborhood of he office . dan hi , sweetheart , I gotta have a deink with a clienc ... ( I '' gonna be a little laze . ) I be sorry { I will not be very lace ... ) all right give my love to ellen . he press down the receiver , put in another coin and dial again . he wait impatiently for the call se be answer , rapping a ccin against the side of the pay phone . his nerve be on edae . ee ee ee ee a wie 125 tyr . alex' aparthent - MAIN room - gry the fean ring a couple of time and then a answer machine cut in . we hear Alex 's announcment . alex ( v.0 . ) bi. I be not in right now , but if you care to leave 3 message I will cali you right back . 126 back to dan he hesitates , then put down the phone and walk away . 127 int . alex ‘s apartment - MAIN room - day as the answering machine click off , we fan across to the sofa . Alex be sit there , smile to herseif£ . 128 ext . alex' apartment build - niget the Street outside Alex 's apartment . Dan enter frame in £.g. and look up at the building . he cross the street and go up to the entrance . 129 ext . front entrance - night Dan press the beli . and wait . he press again . at last Alex 's voice come over the entry phone , alex [ 0 .s8 . ) hello ? dan it 's I . alex ( 0.s. } who ? ban you know who it be !! ( let I in . } I want to talk to you . alex ( 0.s. ) oh , now you want to talk ! dan yeah , I wanna to .k !! she press the byzre : . he go inside , — ._ a.m eae ee | we ew eee ese 130 131 132 * ~ o_o int . alex' apartment build - corridor - niget Dan stand outside Alex 's door . the door open to reveal Alex . sha look stun , at she most seduc - tive . she have transformed herself from the earlier scene -- she know he no come . she stand aside with a ironic little smile to let he enter . he go in . the door close . int . alex' apartment hallway - night tight -llip , Dan follow she into the main room , int . alex' apartment - MAIN room - nigst Alex go toward the kitchen area . alex what can I get you ? I have get scotch , I have get vodka -- there 's a nice chablis in the refrigerator ... Dan remain stand . his anger be bubbling over . dan can have ( please ) cut the bullshit ?? can have just cut the bullshit now ?! I do not know what you be up to , but {I be tell you , it 's gonna stop . rignt here , right now ! alex tealmly ) no . % it 's not go to stop . [ t 's go to go on and on -= until you face you responsibliity . dan what responsibility ? what be you talk about ? alex I be pregnant . [ '' have cur child . dan Alex , that 's you choice , not mine . alex I just wanna be a {small ) part of you life . ( continued ) cn ee ee ee = ee ee 132 bs. continued : dan and you think this be the right way the go about it ...? show up at my apartment ? she move back towards he . alex what be I suppose tp do ? you will not talk to I , you change you number . I will not be ignore . ban ~ {coldly } you just do not get it , do you ? they be face to face now . she look into he eye , she lip moistly parte -- he for the take . alex . {huskily ) do not you cemember we weekend ? be not Chat wonderful ? why can not we be like thac again ? she press herself against he , soiling she arm around he neck . alex ( continue ) I know you feel it too . you want I , I know you do ... she move she mouth towards he . at the last moment , he push she away , dan do not flatter yourself . alex poor darling !... you can not help have dirty thought . can you ?? he fix she with a murderous stare . alex ocontinue ; telentlessly } poor Little bern . [ though : she be awfully sweec ... but she be also kind of boring ! be she boring in bed tog ...? that 's the problem , be not iti ? ( continded ) 132 meee the ue continued : ( 2 ) he grab she by the wrist , twist she arm upwards . for d second there be rage in he sye and fear in hers . dar I '' warning you ...! you leave she out of itil she grin maliciousiy . alex go ahead , hit I ! if you can not fuck I why do not you hit I ? be release he grip . dan you be so sad , you know that ... you be sad and lonely ... alex do not pity I . ever ! you smug bastard . dan I do pity you . you be a very sick gicl . alex why ? because J will not let you treat I like some slut you can bang a couple of time then dump ( in the trash can ? ) I be gonna be the mother of you child !: TI want some respect ! dan you want respecr ?... he turn and walk towards the door , he 's have enough . : alex ( suddenly panic ) wnmat be you dcing ? she go after he . int . alex ‘s apartment hallway - niget she catch up with he in the hall , grab he sleeve . alex I '' sorry , oar , I do not mean it . please do not go . ( continued ) 133 134 135 a5 . cortinued : he push she away and carry on towards the exit . Alex tire to interpose herself between he and the goor . alex _ feentinue ) I ' il tell you wife . something inside Dan snap . he grab she by the throat and force she up against the wail . . dan ( hoarsely ) you do that and I will kill you ! for swear to God ! be release he grip . Alex fall back , clutching she throat and gasp for breath . he go out the door , slam it behind he . alex pull herself together . shout impotently after he . alex ail it take be a phone call , Dan . I '' warning you , I will not just disappear ! . she turn and race back toward the live room . alex come back into the main room , breathe heavily . she lunge for the phone and dial . beth ( 0.s. ) heilo ...? hello ...? who be this ...? hello ? at the last moment , Alex 's nerve faiis she . maybe she realize it would mean the end of she hold over Dan . maybe she 's genuinely frighten of what he might do . at any cate , she suddenly slam down the phone , fling it violently against the wall and braak down into uncontrollable , hysterical grief . fade tq black . omitted 137 138 139 249 —e. eo. I , mee. ef -~ -_ - I ree wee int . country house - hallway - day Dan be direct two mover as they start up the stair with a mattress , while he be help another man witha table . 's , dan ( that 's ) second door on the leave , upstairs . the two mover struggle up with the mactress . int . country house - live room - day Beth and she mother , Joan . ' be already unpack erate , try to get the place into some kind of order , beth T never know we have so much junk . joan tf still think you be crazy to move in before the remodeling be dene . you could have stay in the apartment . betr ( shrug ) Dan could not wait to get gut of New York , Mom ... be this you ? that 's sweet ! at that moment . the phone aing . Beth glance over to the far end of the zoom , where it rest on the hall stair . : ° int . coontry bouse ~ baliway - day Dan be help one of the mover with a large table , which be stick in ¢he doar . he look up anxiously . his immediate instinct be to answer it nimself , duz he be squeeze up against the deor Frame , neverztheiess , he telease he grip on the table , which drop to the ground , with the man still mald up he end . Dan hurry to squeeze through che doorway . he lurene towards the phone . int . country house - MAIN room - day meanvhile Beth be on she wey to pick up the phone . San ceass past the coorway cailing as he go : ( continue : a4 140 ° 142 laa uf. contihued : dan I all get it ! I have get it , honey . surprise by he eagerness , Beth stop in she track . int . country rouse - hallway > day ban reach the phone and grab che receiver . dan bello ? martha {( ¥.0 . ) hi , Dan , it 's I . he grin hugely . dan martha ! martha , it 's yout ! yes -+» what be it ? I 's martha ... martha ( v.6 , ) nothing important , only you call ... be lock up at the mover , still stick in the doc : . he nod , understandingly . dan yes ... yes ... relief be write all over he smile . face . omitted ' int . country house - upper hallway ~ afternoon a week of so have elapse since the move , Beth be up a- ladder , paince the ceiling with a roller brush . she wear a scarf ' round she head cc procect she from the paine , but be cover with spot all the same . the phone ring . he go to answer , beth hello ? omitted as. 72145 int . law firm - dan' office - day Dan , too , appear very relaxed , the pressure finally seem to be off . -° dan . hi , babe . how 's it go ? do the plumber ever come ? 145a intercut with beth , etc . betr do he ever . dan I know . do not tell I . TI do not want to hear . ( suddenly brighten } hey , guess what i'm look at ? 3458 different angle on dan show a cage tabbit on top of he desk . beth ( very excited } you get it ? ~- dan I pick it up ... wait a minute ... I pick she up at the store today . bete what 's she like ? dan she 's a rabbit ... white , long cloppy ear , pink eye ... no , she 's beautiful ! he pet the rabbit . beth sound cute ( nice ) ... dan be you sure eller dce not know anything abouc it ?? bet no ! she 's sure sn@ be not go to get one . Dan continue ad lis be caboit -- earmuff , ete . - — fee ey - + — - a meee 146 147 148 +49 u51 's 88 . int . law firm - reception - evening Dan pass through at the end of the day , carry the cage : receptionist I like you friend . dan bave you meet we new partner , Eunice ? { se# what happen to you if you satay here too long ?!) se show she the rabbit . she chirp delightedly at it . receptionist be not we sweet !? oh , I forget . this arrive for you . she hand he a small padded envelope . he slip it into he pocket . ext . / int . farking garage - evening ( day ) Dan walk up to the garage and the control booth , no sign of the attendant . a small portable tv Plays to a empty chair . he lean across and take he key from the rack . he start to walk to the elevator . dan hey , joachin ! re push the button , and put the cage down as the elevator go up , and deliver he to he floor . int . garage we track back in front cf he as he saunter along , hum a tune . ke come around the bend and head for he car . another angle Alex be watch Dan at a distance , from the balcony of the elevator shaft . after a moment , she walk of . Dan be walk alang . he be momentarily startle by a car alarm go off . he suddenly slaw down , a look cf horror on he face . dan Jesus ! vue 152 his Pov ahead of he , something terrible have happen to he bmh .- a poisonous , hissing vapor rise in a yellowy cloud from its stricken body . dan be car - another angle he approach , hardiy able to believe he eye . the paint be blister and peel off the metal , the metal itself dissolve and dribble over the window in a hideous , molten mess . hydrochloric acid have be pour over the entire car , , give off a sinister , hissing steam as it perform its ~ lethal work . this be the work of a sick mind , no less disturbing for be direct against a inanimate object . 153 int . garage - evening the camera track towards a dark corner . at some dis - tance . Alex be hide there . she step forward , watch , &@ malignant smile on she lip . 154 oan and the car be stand there with the rabbit . the car be a write - a aff . he know whe do this . he scream with rage . 255 int . hertz office - evening Dan be on the phone to Beth in a nearby avis office . dan no , it have something to do with the electrical system ... beth ( 0.s. ) what ?? dan yeah , the whole thing go up in smoke ... okay , ' bye . 156 ext . avis office - car pound - evening Dan emerge from the pound in rent car . 157 reverse angle - alex ‘s honda Alex be park nearby . she start the engine and move , gee . - I oe - = _ i I 158 159 166 161 FL . ibt . rented car - traveling - evening the car stop for a light . Dan look onto the seat next ' to he and see the package . with a sudden intui - tion , he tear it open . there 's a cassette with the word " play I " on it . he stare . someone bonk be - hind . the light have change . he put the cassette into the deck . move forward , he hear the hate voice : alex ( v.0. } hello , dan. surprise ? this be what you have reduce I to ... I guess you think you would get away with it ? int . alex be honda - traveling - evening Alex follow a few car behind . her face be set hard . alex ( ¥.0 , } Hell , you be wrong . int . oan' rented car - traveling Dan be listen intently . Dan 's car take a right turn ahead , just ag the light turn to red . Alex put on a spurt to keep up with he , almost cun ovec a startle pedestrian . int . rented car ~- traveling ~ evening Dan listen , deep in gioomy think . he be on the freeway go out of the city . her voice be chill rage . ext . dan be & alex be car - poy shot travel through the city . alex [ v.0 . ) part of you be grow inside I . that 's a fact , Dan == and you would better start learn how to deal witn it . ( then , a shift of macd , leng } on. Dan , I feel you . I taste you , tnink you , 2 touch you ...! cano you understand ? can you ? — '' * - we mhaene 262 163 163a 165 yaa ext . country road - niga&t Dan 's car zoom up and past along a tree-line country road : a few moment later the Honda follow . she 's businesslike now , alex ( ¥.0.} I be ask you to acknowledge you responsibility . be that go unreasonable , ..¢ I do not think so . ext . country house - nigat Dan 's car pull up beside the house . alex ( ¥.0 . ) and another thing ... int . dan' rented car - night Dan sit , listen for a moment , then , he reach over and stop the tape , pull the cassette out and put it into he jacket pocket , he reach for the rabbit cage and get out of the car . Alex 's car stop momentarily on the road , at the top of the driveway . as Dan walk tovard ’his bouse , Alex 's car start again and cruise slowly past the ecriveway entrance . a shadowy figure -- Alex -- run across the vast lawn toward the house . omitted ext . country house - ground floor window - night tne camera be look through the ground ficer window into the live room . ellen and Beth be kneel on the floor in front of a log fire make a giant jig-saw puzzle . ellen be in she pajamas , ceady for ded . Dan enter with the rabbit . ellen can not believe it . $ not be absolutely thrilled . Dan lock cn , feel the strain but try not to let it show . we track back to reveal Alex in £.9.. watch from the shadow . ( continue ) - . mn — _ — = . 165 _ - eee 156 & 167 168 169 continued : close seot - alex she watch with a look of contempt , tinged with a peculiar fascination . er expression change to one of alarm and sha shrink back out of sight . omitted alex she suddenly clamp a hand over ber mouth and start to cun down the garden away from the houge . she barely make it to the bush before she be vio - lently sick . she come up , gasp for air . she stand there in the stiliness of the night , take in long , deep breath . then she softly walk away , int . bdan be '' den '' - night the remodel attic , now Zurnish with Dan 's poss - sion , he desk , etc. , look beautiful . the trap door open quietly and Dan enter . the house be asleep . se pad over to he desk and stereo , put on the earphone and take Alex 's cassette out of he jacket pocket . as he listen , the camera move in tight . alex ( ¥.0 . ) ( she voice increasingly slur ) ~~ you think you could just walk into my life and turn it upside down without a think for anyone but yourself . you know what you be ? you be a cocksucke sonovabitch , can . ' ll het you . do not even really like girl . they probably scare you . I [ know I do . as she ramble , we be in tight and starcle when a pair of hand descend on Dan 's snculder . we jump a mile . tt be Beth -- in a nightgown . ' closec ? =~ Dan 's finger zress the off button on thre tape deck , ! continqed } 169 1790 171 continued : dan Jesus , you scared the shit out of I . beth serry . I be just wonder what you be do up so late ... dan oh , uh , listen to @ deposition . I guess I be still upset about the tar , need to unwind ... beth come on , I will give you a back rub . a back tub and a brandy and you will not know what hit you , 34 . the word have a ominous double meaning for Dan , but he have no choice . he let she turam out the light . ext . bedford station house - day Dan walk into the local station house . int . bedford station house ~- lieutenant's office - day Dan sit in a corner of the squad room , across from the lieutenant , a shrewd look man in he forty . stare at Dan with dark , pierce eye . dan my client want it stop . he want a end to the harassment . lieutenant : and he 's positive it be this woman who trash he car ? dar ( startle ) yes ... eho else ? gieutenant any witness ? dan no ... lieutenant well , he 's walcone to file a complaint , if iat°l.l mak# nim feel any better . there 's not a lot we can dco , without proof . he ( continue ) 171 be cowtinoed = dan . look , Lieutenant ... the woman 's completely irrational . there 's no tell what she might de . liectenant we can not go around arrest people on account of what they might do . you know that . ban I be not ask ... I be not ask you to arrest she ! ocatch himself } he just want she warn . lizuterart we could talk to she . it 's gonna make thing more public , which he gwi not gonna like . tt may even aggravate the situation with the girl . dah what do you mean ? lieutenant well , whatever resentment she be feel , she 's probably get it out of she system . any action we take may simply provoke she . dan and if she have not '' get it out of hec system " ? what then ? he 's become increasingly irritate by the lieuten - ant 's casual approach . lieutenant re no better catch she in the act , then we can be ( file ) charge . dan you be say he 's ( the guy 's ) just get to sit there and take it ? the Lieutenant look at he with a little smile . he know @xactiy who this '' client '' raally be . int . goodman , hurst confeaence room - day the litigation committee mest be in session , arthug be holdé forth . {continued ) 172 continued : arteur + ++ and sa , if everybody agree , we will take a immediate appeal from judge Whitman 's order deny we motion to halt the take - over bid . and if that fail , we will seek a expedite trial ... now with regard to Rogers versus winitsky , Dan have what I think be a bold stroke , it 's a gamble but worth kake and tnat be to go for summary judgement . I nve ask Dan to give we the gist of he argument and then we can discuss detail , osan ? foe '' Dan be startle and nervously fishing around he brief - case . he around as have forget the brief . he keep fishing the other watch , uncomfortably . dan thank you , Arthur . just to bring you all up to speed {recap ) on this Rogers case ... Rogers be accuse winitsky of plagiarize a article ( by winitsky } ... I be sorry , Arthur , I seem to have leave ... I do not seem to have the papers for the appeal here with I ( ¥ight in front of may ... arthur Jesus , Dan ... ( Jesus , Dan ) the litigation commiztee only meet '' onee a month} ... Arthur recover he disappointment by crearcange he paper . as Arthur start t dan Arthur ... 2 understand . I blow it . I be sorry . ( I apologize . ) aatecr ( finally ) all right . move on to forsythe versus plimpton . do anybody feel that we ought to be challenging the precedent set by the federa : appeal Court ruling 40 harrisen versus McDonald ... drone on . camera close on Dan . now it 's of affect he work ... dissolve to : 173 through 175 176 1764 177 174 179 37 . omitted ext , country bouse - garden - day at the rear of the house . there 's a little wooden huteh with the rabbit inside and ellen be feed it carrot . ellen come on , quincy ... Hera , whitey , here , whitey ! you want a carrot ? here , whitey , come closer ... omitted ext . country house + oriveway - day Dan , Beth , ellen and quincy all pile into Beth 's car , in a hurry . the car move up the driveway and turn into the road . int . rogerson live room - day Howard and Dan be sit in a cozy alcove in a large toom , have a leispreiy drink and chat . they be also watch Beth and ellen rehearse for the thanks - give show at school . Joan be serve tea . boward I s@¢e you do not get you car back . dan no ... it 's a write -off . the wittng 's comptetely burnt out . howard amazing ... that foreign car . joak Beth darling ( deat ) , here you be . she hand Beth a cup of tea . Beth be rehearse eller . beth thanks . you want to try it once moze {again} ? {continued} zo . 179 continued : eller . ( mommy , I know my line , you do not have to tell I , } bete ( okay , let 's hear itt} ellew okay . '' dear Priscilla , mile ask I ... " beta " to ask you " ... ellen " to ask you to marry he . '' beta very good . now do it with the hat and the bow ! ellen put on she pilgrim 's hat , and bow deep . ellen '' dear Priscilla , mile ask I to ask you to marry he . '' beth — '' speak for yourself , John ! " that 's what she will say . very good , honey . you gat it } Howard and Dan be watch they , smile . Dan call out . dan ellen ? ellen. come here , honey ... gimme a big hug . ellen come over , and Dan pick she up and hold she tight . he be overcome with emoticn . Beth be watch . she see the tear in he eye . she whisper . bete you okay ?? dan ( whisper sa ) yes ... I be €ine ( okay ) . ellen ( dadéy , you be squeezing ... ) he let ner gc . Beth be touch but can n*t quite figure aut where it come from , 180 1al 162 1a3 184 18s 166 oy . ext . country house - driveway - day Beth 's car draw up outside the front of the house . ellen get out and run toward the back cf the house with quincy . ellen come on , quincy ! Dan set off after she . Beth go into the house , omitted int . country house - ballway - day Beth come through into the hall . she continue through to the kitchen . int . country house - kitchen - day as she approach , Beth become aware of the SOUND of bubbling water . over on the cooker . a large stewpot steam away , spilling over the flame , produce a angry bissing , ext . country house - backyard ~ day ellen come around the back and run up to the rabbit hutch . she pull up in dismay . ber Pov . the hutch be empty . the rabbit ts go . ellen 'wail ) daddy ! whitey 's go !! : ( dar what ? ) int . country house - kitchen - day Beth approach the cocke : and raise the lid off the pot . she let out a pierce scream . ext . country house - backyard - day dar reach ellen just at that moment . as he hear the scream , he turn in horror towards the kitchen door . {continued 186 187 186 au , continued : int . country house - kitchen - day Beth stare at the content of the pot . she be shaking uncontrollably . her Pov . the rabbit 's glassy eye stare back at she . slice carrot bob in the boil water in grotesque imitation of a stew . int . country house - nursery ~ afternoon ellen be in bed , sobbing she heart out . Beth try to soothe she , but the child be inconsolable . somehow she manage to get she to - caim down , int . country house - ulving room - afterhoon Dan stand stare out of the door into the backyard . it have begin to rain , he look at the empty rabbit hutch , listen for weep upstairs . all be quiet . Beth come downstairs . dan { how be she ? ) she okay ? beth she 's asleep ... oid you call the police ? dan not yet ... no. beth why not ? dan honey ... ( Beth ) we gotta talk . beth what about ? Beth sit doen cn the sofa . ban close the door . outside , the encroach dusk cast dark shadow into the room . he hesitates . _ beth ( continue ! what be it ?? he turn to face she . he take a deep breath . dan I know who do this . ( co Zz 3 4 bey jed} the en ae beth . you do ? who ?? the dah : do you remember the giri who come to see the apartment ? the one I ( we} ( meet ) saw at the japanese restaurant ? beth the girl with blonde hair ... dan * ( nod ) ( 'e . ) he can not speak . she watch , wonder . bete you be scare I . why do not you talk ? what be it -- {false levity ) ~~ do you have a affair with hec ? dah {with difficuity } yes . - Beth bury she head in she hand . Dan sit down opposite she . dan honey , the last thing i ever want to do be hurt you . more than anything , I do not mean to hurt you ... Beth be stunne , keep swallow ; confuse . bete ( overlap ) be you in love with ner ? dan £ epurse mot . it be one nighc . it mean nothing . believe I ... beta ( angrily confusec ) I do not get it ; shat do this have to do with what happen ... ( continued } - _ — ~ eee ie 189 189a 262 . continued : { 2 } ban ( short ) she 's pregnant , bete ( stunne ) she 's pregnant ... and it 's yours ? ban ocome towards she ) that 's what she say ... honey , she 's crazy -- I do not know ! . beth do not come near may dan please ... I love you . re reach out hopelessly . beth ger out ! just leave I alone ! she keep back away from he , and finally start flail at hin . beth ( gontiny ; scream } get the fuck out ! how could you ... dan ' Beth , please , listen to I ! she cush at he again , punch and scratch he face . he try to protect himself without fight back , beth t hate you ! I wanc you out of here , understand ? I want you out of here ! just cet tne fuck out cf here ! Dan be about to respond when they both realize ; they turn and look , horrify . teeir Pov ellen be stand there , watch they . she 's never see they like this . al ? three ace freeze statue , blast by circumstance . ( continued : pe 1aga 19 a + 191 192 192a 193 194 avs . continued : bete ( sobbing ) oh God ... omitted int . country house - bedroom - evening Dan pack a small suitcase . woodenly , he close it and , carry it , walk out of the room and dowr the hall , camera following to : int . ellin n's room ~ kiget the light be out and elien be asleep . Dan stand in the doorway , helplessly . nis eye stream tear . after a moment , he close the door and walk down the hall . int . codntry house - live room - evening Beth sit in semi-darkness on the sofa . Dan dial . dan hello ? Alex ? his voice be lixe ice . he hate ner so much it hurt . int . alex' apartment - MAIN room - night Alex answer warily , not quite sute now to play it . she adopt a heavily ironical tone . . alex Dan . this be a pleasant surprise . back to dan - interciut san yeah , weil , you eid it , do not you ... be you happy new ? alex be I hapoy ? now let I see — — I all have to think about that one . ( continued | 194 +95 396 196a io4 , continued : dan ( well , you think about it . ) ( it 's ali aver , Alex , it 's finish . } { I have tell Beth . ) ( Beth know about it . ) heth know ... I have tell she . alex oh , sure .. you have not get the ball . dar why do not you speak to she . alex ( less cartain ) why should I want to taik to she ? Beth get up and come to the phone . she be very cool , very calm , but there be a lethal undercurrent to she measure tone . beth this be Beth gallagher . Alex freeze . she be immobilize . she can not deal with this at all . beter ( continue ) tz you ever come near my family again , I will kill you . be that understand ? Alex slam down the phone . she be shaking all over , stare wildly . Dan be look at Beth . she hang up , turn and walk away . omitteo int . holiday inn - corridor - night Dan be wearily walk down the corride : to he coon , int . dan' sotel room - night he enter , see the may clean in the bathroom , go to sit on the bed . ( continued ) meee eee 196a 197 105 , continued : dan this be 408 . any message ?... thank you . he hang up , look at the may , who be just leave , then dial again , int . country house - dine room - piano ~ niget Beth be play a sad piece by chopin . ellen be sit ~ - ting next to she , the phone ring . after two ring , ellen run to the kitchen to answer it . _ ellen T will get it ... hello ?... daddy ! intercut with Dan : dan ei , honey ... ellen daddy ... ( she 's a bit confuse ) ~- when be you come hack ? dan I do not know , sweetie . how're you do ? ellen ( like most kid , she will let the grownup dic - tate the flow of the conversation ) fine. dan yeah ? ellen grandpa teach I another card trick . dan the one with the jack ? ellen Neo , the one with the king . dan oh , I see . eow 's Mom ? ( cdntinged ) 197 197a 138 9g continued : ellen Fine . . dan will you tell she I say " hello " ? ellen yeah . dan bde not forget . ellen '' I wa not , * dan T send you lot of love . both of you , ckay ? what be you eat ? ellen a fruit roll - up. daddy ... will you call I tomorrow ? dan I promise . Don 's forget to tell Mom . ellen ( I will not . ) okay . dan " bye , sweetheart . ellen ' bye . she hang up . int . counthy house - at piano - night 106 . Beth sit there , listen , teary - eye , bite she lip . after a moment , she scart play again , int . holiday inn - dan be rocm - night Dan sit on the bec , work , stare at a inane sit - com on ty . int . alex be loft - night Alex be see alane ard forlorn . she switch a lamp be and off , 199 200 07 . int . bete' station wagon - travelling - day Beth - be drive along , deep in think . ext . flay school - sedford - day Parents be collect they child from the local infant school . Beth drive up and park . she go up to the entrance . one of the teachers seem surprised to gee she , teacher hi , Mrs. gallagher . do you forget something ? . hete t nve come to get ellen . teacher I think you pick she up already ... I be sure she 's leave ! immediate panic register on Beth 's face . the teacher also sense trouble . they anter the Building tagether , they meet another teacher in the hall . tlacher ocontinue } Betty , be ellen in here with you ? + betty she 's go nome already . teacher be you sure ? betty positive . she 's not inside and she 's not in the playground ... ( to Beth } T think you would pick she up ! teacher well , who do pick she up ?! bete oh. God ! teacher do not worry . she can not have gct far . bete you dont. understand . oh , sad : ( continued ) 200 201 202 203 204 205 206 108 . continued : teacher I will check she locker . Beth ran down the corridor to ellen 's classroom . a little girl be tie she lace . bete ( continue ) honey , where 's ellen ? ( have you geen ellen ? ) little girl she 's leave . ( she 's gonei ( no ... ) - Beth be run back to the Front door . she pass the teacher . beth call the police ! int . station wagon - travelling - day Beth be drive along the route home , check for any sign of ellen . she be completely distraught . beth oh , God ...! on , God ! her Pov - the sidewalk on the sidewalk , a group of child play . no ellen . close shot - beth as she turn hack to face ahead , a sudden look of alazm : ahead - through the windseield a car flash across ner bow , horn blaring . ext , road junction - d&y Beth 's car scresch to a halt . int . beth' car = day shaken , she set aff again ( continued ) 206 207 208 209 216 2il mo —_ 198 , continued : bete please , God ... ext . playland - day ellen hold hand with someone taller than she as they walk into flayland . it be Alex , who smile down at she . int . cogntry house hallway - day the front door burst open and Beth run in . bete ellen ... elleni ... ext . playland - day ellen and Alex leave the ice cream stand , each clutch - ing a cone , they walk along the midway . some of the ride be close . Alex point . ' the playland '' musical revue . " Alex and ellen sit among the few spectator , int . country house - day handheld as Beth tear in and out of coom , scream ellen 's name . constrict , strangulate panic . ext . playland rowboat lake - day we see a man help they inte a boat . utterly serene . Alex row gently as ellen , in the stern , trail she hand in the water . Alex smile enig - matically . ellen . absorb by the water , do not notice . sudéenly , Alex get up and advance meracingly on ellen . ellen do not understand . ellen do not hurt I !! '' ust as suddenly , Alex sit back ¢own again . z21ia 2115 212 213 21¢ 215 216 2168 217 218 110 . int . country house - day Beth run up the stair , call for ellen at the nurc - sery door . desperate , she run back down and tear out of the house , slamm the door . omitted ext . fplayland - dragon coaster entrance - day Alex and ellen be wander across a open square . wider angle . they be approach the cover terminal shed for the full - size roller coaster . omitted ext . playland - dragon coaster - day we be looking down the ateeply sloping track from one of the pinnacle of the raller coaster . the carriage climb slawly toward US with a ominous clanking of chain . close on ellen and alex Alex and ellen be laugh and yell , have a fine time . angle on enthraly -- something 's about to happen ! another angle the lead carriage reach the tcp of the slope , hover there . i®t . beth' car - taaveling ~- day Beth be drive at speed , iook frantically from side to side . the start of a scream ... ext . roller coaster = day whieh turn gut to be fllen 's foyful cry as the roller coaster plunge down ! ( continjed | 218 2184 219 220 221 222 223 224 225 226 111 . continued : / Alex and ellen be flung back against they seat by the centrifugal force . the camera be mount on the front of they car , looking back at they , make they . the only fix point in the frame . the background . behind they seem to travel at almost unbelievable speed . ext . road junction - day Beth 's car arrive at a junction and screech to a halt . . int . beth' car - day on impulse , Beth decide to take a leave turn , spin the wheel and take off with a violent swerve . ext . roller coastea ~ low angle - traveling - day a seemingly endless cantilever curve hurtle toward we . ext . beth' car ~ travsling - day the cac race ; reflection from overhead tree flash on the windshield . she drive into a tunnel , ext . roller coaster - angle on alex - day hec hand on the safety - barc . they come out of a tunnel ! int . beth' car - traveling ~- day Beth -- something attract she attention ; she turn to see . omitted ext . rollea coaster - angle on ellen - traveling - day smiling , she eye widen as ... ist . beth' caa — traveling - day berh crane she neck as she overtake @ woman and a little girl , walk on the sidevalk . 227 228 229 236 231 232 233 234 235 236 122 . ext , roller coaster - traveling - day subjective , fhont of the car poy , another plunge ... int . car + beth' Pov - traveling - day the little girl be nothing iike ellen , elt . roller coaster - traveling - day the coaster poy , hit bottom , and the car rear upi int . beth' car - traveling - day Beth react to the litcle girl , turn and she eye widen ... int . beth' car - traveling - day her Pov ahmad : immediately in front of she a station wagon slowed down to turn off the road . [ ts taillight race forward to meet the hood of Beth 's car . ext . roller coaster - traveling ~ day ellen , stare cight at the camera . ' the SOUND of teaa - ing metal . int . beth' car - beth' Pov - traveling - day the car 's heod smashes into the back of the station wagon with a viclent impacc . fat . beth' car - day the station wagon be drive along by Beth 's car for twenty yard oc more before the two vehicle come cto a rest with a screech of tristing metal . then all be silence . cmite ext . alex be car ~- day driving through the countryside . 237 238 '' 1s , int . alex be car - day Alex drive , serene ; for & moment we do not know where she be or what 's happen to elien . she 's look piease with herself . we pan over to find ellen on the seat next to she . ext . country house - day Alex stop the car at the top of the driveway . Alex reach cover towards ellen -- but past she . she 's open the passenger door . outside , we can see that ellen have be bring home . alex ellen ... { gimme ) can I have 2 kiss ? ellen come back in the car and give Alex a kiss on the cheek . then she turn and cun down the driveway . ellen ' oye ... alternate : ellen climb back in and Alex lean down to 239 240 kiss she . suddenly Alex grab she by the hair and cut off a handful of hair with scissors take from batween the front seat . ellen react horrify . she start ety hysterically , run towards the house as Alex , satisfied with the escapade , drive on . omitted int . westchester hospital - corridor - evening Dan be run along the corzvidor , look at the name on the door . he come cound a corner , catch up with a nurse , dan I be look for Beth gallagher . T be hec husband . hurse she 's in twenty - two at the end of the hall . at the end of the hall , Joan be sit in a chair with ellen on she lap . eilen lock up and spot she father . ellen daddy !... '' {continued } 240 241 242 243 114 . continued : she get off Joan 's lap and start run towards he , dan ( wave at allen ) be she all right ? be she go to be all right ? rurse yes. {she will be all right . ) but she be very lucky ... it could have be a iot worse . a lot worse . ~~ ellen acrive at a dead run . oan bend down to sweep she up in he arm . she 's cry now , the tension flooding out of she . dan oh. baby ...! oh my baby ! it 's okay , daddy 's here . omitted int . westcbester hospital - beth' room - evening Beth be lie in the bed , sedate . there be heavy bruise around she gy , but she 's all in one piece . boward be sit hy the ded . ' the dear open slowly . Dan enter . he approach the bed cautiously . Howard give he a cold , hard look . {dan Howard ... ) dan it 's Dan ... everything 's gonna be all right ... ( 2 love you ... } be take she hand . briefly , she eye open and she register he presence . her hand give he a little , almost imperceptible squeeze , hefore she eyelid flut - ter shut again . he look down at she . & vulnerable , injure €igure . he close he eye . int . dan' rented car - traveling - night it 's raining heavily . we see Dan through the car wind - shield , the wiper crossing back and forth across nis face with insistent urgency . there ig a lock of stesl in nis eye . 244 265 246 2464 247 1215 . he Pov - ahead the Henry Hudson Bridge come toward os . he be enter ~ ing Manhattan . ext . alex' apartment build - night Dan lurk in the shadow outside ehe entrance , as a young coufle come out of the building . se slip in - side before the door can close , int . alex 's apartment build - corridor - night oan stand at the door to Alex 's apartment . &e ring the bell . after a moment , Alex apen the door a crack , to the extent of a shart chain . see it 's he . she quickly try to close it . he slam he shoulder against the door with all he force , with the strength ef all he pent - up rage . in b.g. she 's listen to '' Madame Butterfly . '' ext , alex' afartment ballhay ~ niget Alex comez fly back into the hall , the chain rip off its beacket with a SOUND of tearing wood . Dan come crash into the apactment . the music continue throughout , Alex ig on the floor , throw there by the impact of the door , she try to crawl away , startle by the sav - agety of he appearance , he throw himself after hes , try to grab hec . he follow she towards the main room . MAIN room - night Alex get to she foot and race inte the main room , try to set up roadblock to slow Dan down , she throw a floar lamp down behind she , then the bike which be lean against the wall , tt do not slow Dan down very much , he ' simply jump over the up - end lamp and the bike sprawle across he path . Alex be cun through tne bedroom , with Dan clase behind she . she manage to get inte the bathrsom , and turn the pull the door shut , just as Dan be reach fer ner . ( continued ! 24 ? 258 116 . continued : as she pull at the door , Alex pin he arm against the door jamb . he yell out in pain , and grab she head , push it violently against the glass door . ag ashe streggles to free herself , he push the door open , and Alex land on the bathroom floor . he throw himself on she and start to choke she , she manage to free a leg , and give he a kick in the groin , which make he turn away in pain . Alex be up and out of the bathroom . Alex come run out of the bathroom , but Dan be clese behind she . as she reach the other end of the bedroom , he reach for she . for a moment , he igs mot look where he be head . he crash into the glass partition , just as she wrench away . Glass be fly in all direction , Alex lose she balance and fall into the glass . oar see she fall and pounce on she , on she hand and knee , she try to @scape inte the kitchen area , but Dan be right behind she . xitchen ~ nigrt Dan grab Alex and pull she up . in a mad rage , he slam he : into a kitchen cabinet . she try to get away , but he slam she into the steve , send the light above it swinging madly . ee force she to the flocr , and pin she down . completely out of control , he start to choke the life cut of hec . she can ' : get any air , and be gasp and choke . suddenly , not seem to realize that he be about to kill she . he let go , and get cp , panting . Dan pulis himself to he foot at the stove , and stag - ger avay . ( continged } 248 249 through 252 253 254 255 aise continued : Alex crawl to the sink and slowly come up cough and retching . sha put she face in the sink , try to splash some water on it , she notice a large kitchen knife , lie on the edge of the sink . slowly she grab it , she turn to where Dan be stand - ing at the counter , catch he breath . hith a terrible scream , she attack , the knife raise high over she head , Dan turn in herror to see she come at he . he make a grab for the knife , but she will not let go . he push she back against the far wall in a effort to wrestle the knife crom she . he nold she hand with the knife high and bang it againgt a water pipe . the pain make she release she grip , and he grab the knife from she . suddenly , it be over . he hack away from she slowly , leave she stand , hold on for suppore . she watch he with a strange , sad smile as he back away , put the knife on the counter by the stove , and wordlessly turn and walk out of the room . omitted ' int . bathroom - night Alex be sit on the bathroom floor , hold the kitchen knife , almost ritualistically , in frent of she . then , slowly and deliberately , she put it to she shroat and draw it across . as the blood start flow . she slowly fall ts the floor . omitted int . bedford station house - lieutenant's office - morning the usual activity of the squad room be interrupt by Dan 's raise voice , come out of the lieutenanz 's eifice . he close the doer . ( continued } 255 256 2357 118 . continued : dah I tell you before , but you do not want to listen to I ! now she take my child right out of school ! it be kidnap , pure and simple , my wife 's lie in the hospital , lucky to be alive . if you do not do something ahout this woman , I ...- I , . , . : lieqtenant take it easy , okay ? you do not have to shout . dah " osubside } all right , what be you go to do ? uleutenant we will get New York to pick she up and bring she in for question , okay ? dan ( mollify ) okay ... i'm go to pick up my wife from the hospital tomorrow . and hopefully I will be at home for the weekend ... if you need to talk to I . thank you , Lieutenant . Dan walk out . the Lieutenant logk after he , thoughtfully . lieutenant you be svelcome . ext . country house - front yard ~ day Dan be rake and burn leave . ellen , play with quincy , help rake . Beth be stand nearby , even help a little . there be a air of serenity ahout she ; she seem reconcile to Dan , now that the qight - mare be finally over . in the distant b.g. , a pelice cruiser turn into tne driveway and siowly max its way up to the front of the hcuse . ext . country rouse - driveway - day the cruise : pull up . Three man get out . ( continjed ; 257 25a 255 continued : eer one of then be the Lieutenant from the local atation house . the other two look like plainclothes detective . omitted ext . country house - front yard - day the three man be walk over . oan approach confi- dently . dan afternoon , Lieutenant . do you get she ? lieuterant ( nod } Mr. gallagher , this be Lieutenant O'Rourke , detective fuselli . New York homicide . they no like to ask you a few question . dan sure . he suddenly register what the Lieutenant just say . dan ocontinue } Excuse I ... do you say homicide ? o'rourke that 's right . dan why ? what 's that get to do with -- ? what about Alex forrest ? do you get she or not ? go 's rourke no. we have not , as a matter of fact . you see she lass night ? dan yes ... [ already tell the Lieutenant here . why ~- what 's she say ? o'rourke tdriiy ) she 's not say very much , Mr. gallagher . ( continued ; 120 . 259 continued : puselli snickera unpleasantiy , oq ' roorke tcontinue ; flatly ) she 's dead . Dan be completely stunne . they all stop . dan she what ? she 's dead ? 7 ? fuselli that 's right . O'Rourke stare back at he , say nothing . dan how ?? how do she ... ( suddenly , awed ) you think Ie do it ...? oh , Jesus ... ( you think I kill she ) '' + + on , Jesus ... look , guy , I admit I be pretty angry ... the woman kidnap my daughter , my wife end up in the hospital ! but I do not kill hec , for chrissake . T want co. sure . but I do not ... he feel the ground slip away from under hia . dan - ocontinue : gesperaceiy ) that woman be crazy !... ( she be -€ tazy . ) you know ... she already try to kill herself ( once before} , o* rourke in my experience a woman who want to kill hersel ! doesn ' : cut she throat sith a aine-inch kitchen knife . dan tharrify } Ho ...! 2690 close on dan he 's in Alex 's kitchen . the camera rush toward fim 1n dream -like slow motion as : 261 262 263 264 265 week eis pov . in slow motion , aléx come at he with the knife . back to scere O'Rourke be stare at Dan , who shake he head slowly from side to side . dah : I do not do it . o'rourke - in that case , all we have to do be * gheck you fingerprint against the murder weapon . be smile benignly . Dan close he eye . tr - alex' apartment ~ MAIN room ~- night in slow motion , Dan cross the room , leave the knife on the kitchen table . Alex appear in b.g. in the kitchen doorway . int . alex' apartment - bathroom - night Alex be slowly slumping to the floor . once or twice , hee hand twitches alightly . pinally , she lie completely still as the pool of blood be widen . ext . country house - driveway - day Beth and Dan be walk out to the driveway . she do not understand what 's go on . Dan put on a reassure act for she benefit . the three man be stand near the car . dan I gotta go with this guy ... a few more question ... betr I do not understand . what 's ge on ? Da [ e 's some crazy -- misunderstanding . puselli Mr. gallagher ... {continued ) : dan look , I want you the call Arthur right away . the number 'eé in my book , upstairs . tell he what 's happen and that I be gonna need he -- . beth what have happen ? oan Alex forrest be dead . beth what ? . fuselli Mr. gallagher ... puselli take Dan by the arm ane start lead he avay . re amble beth and -- they think you do it ? dan I know it 's crazy , but ... fuselli sorry , but we gotta go , lady ... forward and take out a pair of cuff . beth now wait a goddam minute ... fuselli ( put the cuff on dan} no , mar 'am . no minute . you husdand be under arrest . elien , attract by the conversation , start to come , confused , ellen Mom ... bet ellen , go back ! go pack in the ouset the child obey . ( contineed } 265 266 267 268 263 ‘123 . continued : { 2 } dan {rising panic ) Beth , do not worry , just get ahold of Arthur as fast as you a ... seth I 'li come with you -- fuselli be put Dan into the car . dan no! call Arthur , honey ! he 's choke with emotion as fuselli and the other get into the car . it start move slowly , Beth run alongside . beth Dan ! I be come with you ... she do not know what to do , and keep up with the car . dan to love you ! it will be all right ... ang finally the car really stare to drive off . Beth give up as the car pull away , leave she stand in the driveway where ellen finally join she . omitted close on dan he look back through the rear window ... ris Pov - seth she stand next to ellen in a motionless family tableau , with Dan tne only miss element . as she begin to recede from view , the camera zoom lengingly towards she , counteract the movement of the car , as if in some vain atcempt to bring she back to he . gradually , imperceptibly , she slip away , further and fucther ... we should worry : be this the and ??? omitted '' 270 124 , trt . dan be " dew " - day Beth push open the trap door and enter . she go over ‘to Dan 's desk , look for he address book . can not find it . she search the small drawer on top of he desk . she push he papers around , move the tape player and the typewriter ... desperately . Seth slump into the desk chair . she pulis the large desk drawer open -- and find the address book lie on top . she start look up Arthur 's number . finally find it . she ignore the tape cassette which be tuck in the front . of the book . she pulis the phone over , dial , and wait , herc hand absentmindedly play with the tape cassette which be in the book . : bet come on , Arthur ... come on , Arthur ... oh God ... pick up the goddam phone ! she look at the cassette in she hand , and see that it tead '' play I . '' she react and slip it into the tape deck , push play . for a moment , nothing be hear . Beth realize the problem and yank out the earphone extension cord . instantly Alex 's voice , very slur , come out of the speakecs as we close in tighter on Seth , realize . Alex , more or less where we leave off ; Alex 's mercurial mood on the tape have shift again ; possibly we hear a fragment of the iast previously hear sentence . alex {¥.0 . } you be my last chance , Dan ... if you do not come through for I , 1 do not know what I * il do , but it will be something terrible . for : can not live without you , Dan . when you push I away you give I no other choice . I will cut deeper next time . I 'li kill myself : ... Beth react , rewind the tape . {cowtinued ) 270 271 270 a iz . cortinued : alex [ ¥.0.} ( continue ) ++ I will kill myself . there 's nothing e#lse leave for I , Dan , nothing ... nothing ... nothing ... Beth be sobbing with relief . beth ( flabbergasted ) '' , thank God ... thank God ! she grab the tape cut of the deck and run with it down the trap door . . camera hold on the empty room . very faintly , at first , we hear the music . slow dissolve to : adoed scene : ext . country hoose - day the camera slowly pan across the wide lawn as snow be beginning to fall . Beth and ellen come run out of the house . the finale on stage of Butterfly , with pinkerton 's frantic cry . '' Butterfly ...1 Butterfly ...t Butterfly ...! '' roll credit as the music soar .