" fatal instinct " screenplay by David o' malley shoot draft fade in on : ext . santa monica pier - night the sultry dampness of a blister summer hang in the night air . people stroll the boardwalk look for a cool breeze . the soft rhythm of a jazz concert float from the band shell . close shot - a pair of sexy high heel and a woman 's shapely leg , walk along the wooden pier . open title &amp ; credit over . after several step , a discard piece of gum stick to one of she shoe , stretch out stickily . two step later , a piece of paper stick to the gum , flopping awkwardly with each step . the moving camera pan up she gorgeous leg and sensuous body . she wear a loose summer dress that float like gossamer around she soft curve . her hair be long and blond . ned ( v.o. ) to some guy , woman be like a cheap puzzle ... with piece that just do not fit . they think the soul of a woman be darker than a back alley ... more tangle than a telephone cord ... and colder than a klondike bar in Canada . but that guy do not even have a clue . she stop at the railing . we see a incredibly beautiful face and cool , allure eye . this be lola cain . the term " femme fatale " be coin for she . she 's on display ... and know it . ned ( v.o. ) when you know woman the way I do , you understand exactly what what make they tick ... what make they hum ... what make they jiggle up and down when they walk . and it 's not the kind of thing you can learn from a correspondence course . the camera move with she as she walk on , pass two men whose eye be glue to she . we hold on they . one be ned ravine , in he thirty , stalwart , handsome , hair trim neatly , but with a feel of loose end about he ... coat sling over he shoulder , sleeve roll up , the sweat dampen he shirt . he 's a cop . a plain clothes detective who 's be around the block a few time and still get lose . next to he be arch , he partner . older , if not in year , at least in mileage . dependable , solid , with no great aspiration except to reach the end of a shift intact . he 's eat nachos from a cardboard container , lick the cheese off he finger . the camera push in to ned . his eye be fix on lola . angle - lola - ned' Pov she walk to the other side of the pier ... as more paper stick to the gum on she shoe . she stand at the railing . ned ( v.o. ) there be two kind of woman in this world ... and I have know them both . angle - arch arch heave a exasperate sigh and look toward ned . the camera pull back to include ned . it be not " voice - over " narration at all . ned be actually talk out loud . ned ( v.o. ) one will take you for a fast ride on a bumpy road with no seat belt . but the other kind ... arch ( interrupt ) jeez ... knock off the chatter , will ya . ned just try to keep you awake , arch . arch I be awake ! where do you come up with all that crap about woman ? ned it 's true . woman be very complex , but if you know how to read them ... they be a open book . you can always tell the rotten apple from the peach . arch be you kiddin' ? ned I would stake my career on it . anybody ever prove I wrong , I will throw away my badge . arch aayyhh ... woman be trouble ... ned I use to believe that too . until I marry lana . now , she ... be a peach . arch yeah , well you be a lucky stiff , pal . ya hold down two job . get a beautiful wife waitin ' for ya at home . everything a guy could ever want , include no kid . ned I would love to have kid . arch what ?! rug-rats ? give I a break ! ( look around ) jeez , I hate stakeout . what make you think milo 's gonna show up here ? ned logic . he knock off all that bank . he 's get cash . he 's gonna want to spend it . this be one of the few place that still take cash . sooner or later ... he 's gotta turn up . arch and how we s'pose to recognize this scumbag ? ned the " support hose bandit " ? when you see he ... you will know he . in the b.g. , milo crumley , the " support hose bandit " , amble by casually , unnotice , suck on a cherry snow - Cone through the panty - hose pull down over he head . arch this be the best damn nachos in North America . maybe the world ! he pop the last chip in he mouth , lick he finger and turn the container over . arch I be empty . I be gonna get a refill . you want some ? ned shake he head . arch head off to the nacho stand . ned step over to the railing ... gaze out at the ocean . a saxophone begin to wail a scorching , romantic melody ... a recurrent tune that will come to be know as lola' theme . a beat later ... lola move to ned 's side at the railing . he try to ignore she presence , peer into the darkness . lola dig in she purse for a pack of cigarettes . lola get a light ? ned sure . ned pull out a small flashlight , shine it in she purse . she pull a cigarette out of the pack , put it to she lip ... she eye on ned , size he up . lola how about a match ? ned no thanks . I have plenty . he pull out a handful of matchbook , show she , then stuff they back in he pocket . he turn and walk along the pier . she fall into step beside he , lighting she own cigarette . a saxophone player name dizzy follow behind they , continue to play . he 's the actual source of the romantic theme music we have be hearing . lola you really be incredibly stupid , be not you ? I like that in a man . ned I would be insulted , but I know you be serious . lola you sound so sure of yourself . ned I be not as dumb as I look . lola let I buy you a drink , Mr. uh ... ned ravine . ned ravine . and you be ...? lola thirsty . what about that drink ? ned I be on duty . lola Brain surgeon ? ned cop. lola oooo ... and I bet you have a big gun . ned you lose . lola look toward a nearby hot dog vendor . lola if I can not buy you a drink ... ( nod toward vendor ) ... let I buy you one of that . ned who can say no to a weiner ? lola not I . lola turn to the hot dog vendor , raise two finger . lola two dog . hot . she take they ... hand one to ned . he pick up the plastic mustard container to put mustard on she hot dog first . ned you come here often ? lola only when I be in heat . ned react to this , squeezing the container . a stream of mustard squirt out , hit the front of lola 's dress . ned oh! sorry . fluster , he stuff he hot dog into he inside jacket pocket , then try to wipe the mustard off lola 's dress , smear it all over she , make it worse . she watch he with a cool , detach gaze as he fumble ingenuously . suddenly , ned stop , look off . he see ... milo crumley go into the public restroom . ned start to leave . lola grab he hand , hold it tightly against she breast . lola where ya go ? ned get something to wipe it off . lola that 's okay . you be do just fine . ned I will get you a wet paper towel . he head for the man 's room ... signal to arch , who 's wait in line at the nacho stand . arch motion at the long line ... all uniformed cop ... shrugging helplessly . int . men' room on pier - night several men be at the urinal . milo , still wear the panty hose over he head , wash he face at the sink . he look up , see ned enter . ned see milo ... react , pull the frankfurter out of he pocket and point it . ned hold it right there , milo ! the Men turn , see ned point the frankfurter . restroom patron look out ! he 's get a weenie ! milo bolt , slamm into ned , knock he back through the door of a stall , into the lap of the man inside . ext . men' room - night milo burst out , collide with arch . they both go down in a flurry of nacho chip and cheese . arch help milo to he foot , apologize profusely ... pick up the gun that milo drop , hand it back to he . milo sprint off down the pier . a beat later , ned burst out the door ... dash after milo . angle - along the pier milo run frantically , knock people aside ! he duck into ... int . bumper car pavilion - night ... and drag a flustered man out of a bumper car , jump in , and speed away ! a beat later , ned run up , follow by arch . ned flash he badge at a freckle - face kid in one of the bumper car . ned Police emergency ! I need you car ! he pull the kid out , jump in , slap a portable flashing red light on the dashboard ... then speed off after milo , a siren wailing ! he zig - zag through the crush of other bumper car in the pavilion . ned 's bumper car catch up with milo , pull alongside . milo turn the wheel , ramming ned ! ned ram he back , both bumper car swerving violently ... spraying SPARKS ! ned slam milo 's car again ! milo lose control , spin out and smashes into the pavillion railing ! ned swerve to avoid a collision , but ram into two other bumper car , wrenching to a grind halt . a beat . the airbag inflate in he bumper car . arch run up as ned pull himself from the wreckage . they turn to see milo leap from he mangle bumper car , leap over the pavillion railing and dash down the pier and into a alley between two building . a sign on the building say : dead end alley . ned and arch eye each other , shake they head , and follow after milo . omit sequence omit from original script . in the alley milo run into a tall chain link fence at the end of the alley and scramble up the wire mesh . suddenly , ned 's hand shoot out , grab milo 's ankle , yanking he down hard . milo jump to he foot , swinging at ned , who catch milo 's fist with he hand , stop it cold ... neatly snap a handcuff on he wrist . he shove milo 's arm against the fence and snap the other cuff to the chainlink . a switchblade flash out of milo 's other hand with a sharp click ! milo slashes the blade at ned , just miss he face . on the backsw , ned parry with he own switchblade and flip milo 's knife away . milo pull a .45 calibre revolver with he free hand ! ned shove he finger into the end of the barrel . milo look surprised ... then sneer , click the hammer back . ned you take science in high school , milo ? milo I skip high school , cop ! ned then you be probably not familiar with the theory of inverse proportionate explosive dynamics . milo what about it ? ned if you fire a weapon with the barrel obstruct , the explosive force multiply by twenty - three point five nine eight and reverse on itself with diametric polarity ? milo yeah . so ? ned the gun will blow up in you hand ... and it will not even scorch my pinkie . milo ha ! that 's just theoretical hypothesis . inverse proportionate explosive dynamics have never be demonstrate conclusively in a laboratory environment . ned oh yeah . then pull the trigger , smart guy . let 's find out . milo hesitates , unsure . finally , he release the gun . ned raise it up on the end of he finger . arch pull it off with a loud pop ! ned cuff milo 's hand behind he ... spin he around . ned you have the right to remain silent ... next ... if you waive that right , anything you say ... next ... reveal arch hold up a series of " cue card " ... as ned read from they . ned ... may be use against you in a court of law ... next ... you have the right to a attorney ... do you have a attorney ? milo nahhhh ! ned then today 's you lucky day ... he flip out a business card , hand it to milo . angle - the business card it read ... " ned ravine - Defense Attorney " ext . ned' house - dawn large . expensive . impressive . the name on the mailbox read " ned and lana ravine . " we begin to hear the o.s. SOUND of passionate lovemake ! omit sequence omit from original script . dissolve to : int . house - dawn the camera move up the stair , into the bedroom . still o.s. , we hear more heavy breathe ... urgent whisper ... lust ... passion ... squeaky bedspring ! a trail of clothes be scattered before we on the way to the bed ... shoe , a dress , slip , bra , nylon , panty ... greasy coverall with a " Frank kelbo - mobile mechanic " namepatch , dirty work boot , a wrench and a gigantic grease gun ... the bed shake violently . a female voice call the shot as various tool drop to the floor . lana ( o.s. ) oh yes , Frank ! adjust the stroke by ten percent ! that 's it . ( clunk ! a wrench ) now tweak my point . oh yes , oh yes ! ( thunk ! plier ) you get it ! stabilize you ball joint and grind my rear differential ! ( clink ! screwdriver ) now accelerate ! floor it ! Lay rubber , baby ! vrrroooooooooommmmmmmmm ! a beat . the light click on . lana ; a sexy redhead with a cool , manipulative edge , and frank ; a slick , smarmy lothario , lay under the sheet , panting , glisten with sweat . lana reach for a pack of " fatal 100 's " on the bedside table . lana not bad for a auto mechanic ... frank ( grin , cocky ) yeah , well you be not so bad yourself ... for a lawyer 's wife ... lana better watch you tongue , sweetie , or I will have my husband arrest you . frank busy man . cop and a lawyer . when do he ever find time for you ? she light a cigarette ... exhales a soft , gloomy cloud . lana he do not . that 's why I need you to keep my engine tune , Frank . why drive a jalopy when you can have a hot rod ? frank maybe you should trade he in on a new model . lana I would ... if I could make any money on the deal . frank ( reach for she ) want to go for another test drive ? the SOUND of a automobile engine outside . lana stop he . lana pull over and park it , Frank . I be still under warranty . ext . ned' house - morning ned glance at the white van park in the driveway , then take note of he wife 's silver mercede ... sit on floor jack , the hood raise , tool spread out around it . int . house - the kitchen - morning ned enter . lana wear a diaphanous dress gown , buttone unevenly , hair dishevel . she smoke a cigarette . ned Morning sweetheart . ned kiss she on the back of the neck as he pass through the kitchen on he way to the dining room . she react with bored , contemptuous disinterest , pick up the coffee pot . lana uh huh . want some coffee ? ned step back into the kitchen with he briefcase . ned no thanks . ned see Frank sit at the kitchen table , hair mess up , coverall hastily pull on inside - out . Frank be read a copy of insurance digest magazine . a headline on the cover tout a article : " life insurance for you cat !... cover all nine live for the price of one ! " ned 's smile fade . lana Frank here be just grab a little before go back to work on my car . he step over to the table ... give Frank a cool stare . ned how long you be work on lana 's mercede , Frank ? frank ( shrug ) oh ... I do not know ... six , seven week . ned and ya still have not find the problem ? frank ( a leer smile ) think I get my finger on it though . ned turn to lana . ned I know what he 's do , lana . I be not bear yesterday . he 's not fix you car . he 's screwing you ! lana tense up at this . Frank freeze . he figure they have be bust . he sit there , hold the magazine , not move a muscle ... as ned turn on he . ned you be screwing my wife ! I can see what you game be , Frank . you open up she hood , poke around in there ... squirt some lubrication in ... play around with all she part ... then take a old use piston and stick it in ... then pull it out ... in , out , in , out ! every day ! there 's no end to it . you just keep come and coming !... and the bill just get bigger and bigger ! lana brace herself against the sink , breathless ... turn on by ned 's description . ned go to she , sympathetic . ned but you do not see it , do you , lana ? you be too good ... too pure . you can not see the evil in people like he . ( turn to Frank ) well , you be not get away with it , pal . I be pull the plug ! you be fire ! lana ( breathless ) ned ... do not you have to be somewhere ? ned ( check he watch ) oh ... yeah . thanks , honey . I be late for court . he go to kiss she mouth and she turn she cheek to he . he look at she lovingly ... touch she face tenderly . ned you be so naive . he pick up he briefcase , give Frank a nasty look , then exit through the back door . lana and Frank stare at each other lustfully , really hot now ! Frank sweep the dish off the table with he arm . lana leap into he arm , wrapping she leg around he waist . he lay she down on the kitchen table , stand over she . suddenly , ned open the back door , glaring right at Frank ... not even notice lana on the table . ned finish you coffee ... then get out ! he slam the door . a beat . lana and Frank begin to devour each other with passionate kiss . another beat . the front doorbell ring once ... then again . frank who 's that ? lana just the postman . he always ring twice . omit sequence omit from original script . int . ned' law office - day richly appoint with stately oak , wall line with law book . as in all " noir " thriller , venetian blind cast dramatic slashes of light and ceiling fan turn lazily in every room . ned hurry in , rummage through the file on he desk . LAURA , a strikingly lovely brunette , enter from the outer office , file in hand . she be ned 's astute , dedicated , self - sacrifice " girl -friday " and legal secretary . she keep he life from spin crazily apart . she absolutely adore he . ned Laura ... do you know where ...? LAURA ( hand he file ) right here . the judge decide to skip arraignment and take milo direct to trial . you be six minute late , but do not sweat it . you get judge Allen . he 's always eleven minute late . she pick up a lawbook , flip it open to a dog-eare page . LAURA I suggest you try lemming versus Florida , 1956 ... where the guy jump in the water and everybody follow . ned ( think about it ) yeah . good idea . he smile gratefully ... drop the file into he briefcase . ned head for the office washroom . Laura dart ahead of he into the washroom and turn the water on . ned step in ... splashes some water on he face . Laura grab a towel from the rack where three small towel hang neatly ... hand it to ned . he dry he face , look at she with genuine fondness and gratitude . ned I do not know what I would do without you ? she glance toward the toilet , notice it have not be flushed . she flush it , lower the seat . LAURA really ? she sit down on the toilet seat , watch he adoringly as he shave with a electric razor . ned Laura , how long have you work for I ? LAURA two year , seven month , twenty - three day , nineteen hour ... ( check she watch ) ... six minute and fifty - two second . ( softly , to herself ) ...fifty - three ... fifty -four ... fifty - five ... fifty-six ... ned and when be the last time I give you a raise ? Laura neatly fold the end of the toilet paper into a point . LAURA never . but that 's okay . I do not need a raise . in fact ... I be think of give you a rebate on my salary . he click off the razor , turn to look at she for a long moment , consider this , then ... ned naw . that 's okay . you keep it . he give she a manly pat on the shoulder then casually toss the towel onto the rack , where it hang sloppily askew ... right next to she face . he exit . Laura stare at the towel with a torture expression . the camera push in to she face as we see ... int . ultra -modern beach house - day scrawle on a steam - up bathroom mirror - flashback - cape cod - three year earlier . a hand wipe the mirror off , revealing Laura ... young , longer hair , with a nasty black eye . laura' husband appear behind she , glaring insanely . he look toward the towel rack . there be three towel ... with he - he - he emboss along the bottom edge . one towel hang longer than the other . laura' husband do we forget something ? she meekly line up all the towel . laura' husband do we forget something ? she meekly line up all the towel . int . beach house kitchen - day Laura 's husband pull the cupboard open . all the can and box be neatly stack in straight line . all except one . she straighten it ... tremble with fear . ext . deck of beach house - day he pull she outside , nodd toward a line of tall pine tree behind the house . they be all straight and even ... except one , whose tall branch tower conspicuously above the rest . he hold up a chainsaw , nodd toward the tree . shake and tearful ... she back into the house . end flashback back to LAURA scream out in terror ! ned rush in , shaking she . ned Laura . Laura ! what be it ? LAURA ( come out of it ) I be okay , I be okay . I just get a bit ... claustrophobic ... in the bathroom . ned maybe we should try some prune juice . he give she shoulder a consol squeeze , then exit . she shakily straighten the towel and regains she composure . ned open a wardrobe closet in he office . he walk along , look at thirty exactly identical blue suit , hang neatly . Laura follow behind he . he stop and stare , indecisive . LAURA wear the blue one . int . courtroom - day ned turn dramatically to face the jury . ned lady and gentleman ... I ask you ... do this look like the face of a crook ? angle - milo crumley sit next to Laura at the defense table ... still wear the panty hose over he head . back to scene ned of course it do . but the question of my client 's guilt or innocence be not the issue here today . I be certain every member of the jury can clearly see that he 's guilty ! blind juror I can not . angle on ned - jury Pov ned ignore this , turn to look directly at the camera as he address the jury ... hold up a pair of nylon pantyhose . ned put yourself in he shoe . look through he eye . see the world the way he see it ! he put the pantyhose over the lens , obscure we view . ned thing just do not look the same . it 's fuzzy ... and frightening ! new angle - to include ned and jury the nylon pantyhose be drape over the frighten face of a woman juror . all the other juror be hold up they own sock and nylon stocking , try to peer through they . ned step over to milo , motion toward he . ned lady and gentleman ... milo crumley be not the perpetrator here . he be the victim ! milo unwrap a piece of bubble gum and push it into he panty - hose cover mouth , chew the nylon and gum together . ned like all of we ... this man be the unfortunate victim of this tragically difficult economic time . and what do that mean ? he can not support he family ! ned motion toward the gallery , where we see ... ... milo' wife and two child , all wear panty hose over they face . ned motion toward milo . ned for God 's sake !... he can not even support he own face ! judge allen notice that milo be chew gum . judge allen Mr. crumley ... you can not chew gum in my courtroom ... unless you have enough for everyone . milo hold up a big plastic bag fill with bubble gum . judge Allen grab it , take a piece of gum and hand it to the bailiff . judge allen bailiff . pass this out . the bailiff take the bag , offer one to ned ... who take a piece , unwrap it and start chew . the bailiff then proceed to pass out gum to everyone in the courtroom . the jury foreman raise he hand and clear he throat . judge allen and do not forget the jury . ned and so , desperate and break , with no other option before he , Mr. crumley go to eleven saving &amp ; loan and do what any of you would have do . he steal back the money that the s&amp ; ls have steal from he ! the courtroom erupt in cheer ! judge Allen rap the gavel . judge allen ( interrupt ) Mr. ravine ... please approach the bench . he do . the judge lean toward he , reach out to cover the microphone , cover the end of the gavel instead . the judge 's voice be amplified over the courtroom speaker . judge allen you be not run for congress here , so knock off the speech and quit incite this brainless moron ! now pick up the pace and wrap this son - of - a- bitch up ! call you first witness . ned turn ... look out over the courtroom . ned I call ... detective ned ravine . there be a surprised gasp from the crowd ... and a loud murmur . the bailiff hold out a video box . it 's title holy bible - the video . ned put one hand on it , raise the other . bailiff do you swear to tell the truth , the whole truth and nothing but the truth , so help you God ? ned I do . ned sit down ... then get up , he demeanor change . ned detective ravine , at the time of the arrest , do you read the defendant he miranda rights ? he slip back into the witness box . ned of course . that 's standard procedure . ned step over to arch , who be sit in the first row of the gallery . arch hand he the miranda " cue card . " ned be this the card Officer brook use to prompt you while read Mr. crumley he rights ? he lay they on the corner of the stand ... then slip into the chair . he pick the card up and flip through they . on the back we can see scribble ... " ned' idiot card " ned yeah . this be they . ned jump to he foot , pace dramatically , grab the card . ned reading from the card now ... quote " you have the right to remain silent , if you waive that right , anything you say ... may be use against you in a court of law . " be that right ? ned ( back in the chair ) that 's right . ned ( stand up , announce ) wrong ! the official miranda warning be ... " anything you say can be use against you in a court of law . " not " may " ... " can ! " ( on the attack ) do not you know the difference between " can " and " may " , detective ? every school kid know " can " be a verb that indicate ability to perform , while " may " be a verbal auxiliary indicate the permission to act . ned pivot into the witness stand , change he attitude from aggressive attorney to defensive , angry witness as he hit the chair . ned I do not have time to worry about past participle or interrogative pronoun ! I be try to protect society from a derange madman ! ( leap up , point ) but this ivy league fop ...!!! the courtroom erupt ! the judge bang the gavel . ned stride proudly toward the defense table . ned I have no more use for this witness . judge allen Mr. ravine ... ned turn . the judge motion with a finger for ned to approach the bench . ned do , rest he hand on it . judge allen I be dismiss this case on the grounds of improper grammar . the judge smack ned 's hand with a ruler ! ned ow ! prosecutor ( jump up ) but you honor ...! judge allen I know , I know . it 's a technicality . but it 's the kind of technicality that make the american legal system what it be today ! Court 's adjourned ! the judge mistakenly pick up the microphone and whacks it on the bench like a gavel . bam ! bam ! bam ! it be deafening ! everyone cover they ear in pain . the thanks sound system logo appear at the bottom of the screen ... along with " the courtroom be listen " int . ned' law office - late afternoon ned turn the key ... enter through the private door . he hear the plaintive sound of a saxophone play lola 's theme ... he eye draw to the slightly open door to the outer office . angle - ned' Pov thru open a gorgeous pair of leg , sleek nylon , high - heele shoe . there be several candy wrappers , cigarette butt and other piece of trash stick to the bottom of one shoe . ned push the door open . it 's lola . she wear a tight white dress , long white glove and broad-brimmed hat . the hat tip up slowly , revealing she eye . lola I wait . you never come back . ned reach in he pocket , pull out a wet paper towel . ned I get busy . here 's that paper towel I promise . lola thanks ... ned how would you get in ? the door be lock . lola proudly hold up a tiny bobbie pin . she smile . lola it 's miraculous what a real woman can do ... with a bobbie pin . ned look at the door . the frame and lock have be brutally chew away , as if someone use a jackhammer on they ! she pull out a pack of cigarettes ... black lung lite . lola ( offer ) cigarette ? ned no ... thanks . they be bad for ya . he go to the water cooler . she light up , exhaling a soft cloud of smoke through a sleepy smile , she voice purring . lola yes , I know . I like thing that be bad for I . ( touch lawbook ) so ... I hear you go both way . ned hesitates ... about to drink from the paper cup . ned only once . it be a fraternity prank . I never see he again . he gulp the water down , crumble the cup in he hand . lola no , I mean ... you be a cop and a lawyer . ned oh. yeah . well , there 's a lot of scum out there on the street ... but they all deserve a fair and costly trial . ned turn , try to casually " dunk " the crumpled cup in the waste basket . he miss . Laura enter with a huge pile of lawbook in she arm . she see ned miss the basket and dart over as he bend down to pick it up . LAURA I will get that . she pick it up and toss it into the waste basket . ned oh ... Laura ... this be , uh ... lola lola cain . Laura set the heavy load of book on the desk and step toward lola , extend she hand . lola take she time remove the long white glove ... finally reach out and shaking Laura 's hand with a condescending air . lola ( sarcastic ) so lovely to meet you , Laura . ned grab the book and turn to the bookshelf , replace each lawbook in its proper slot . the " handshake " between lola and Laura turn tense , then aggressive , eventually become a " stand indian wrestle " as they try to force each other off balance with sheer force . ned be oblivious to the battle behind he , chatter away . ned gotta keep this darn book in they right place or we will never find the one we need . let 's see , q through m ... R through B ... W through F ... Laura suddenly whirl lola around , put she in a arm lock . but lola elbow Laura in the stomach ! Laura double over . lola feign sympathy , take she hand ... then spin , twist Laura 's arm , flipping she head over heel ! Laura land on the couch ... upside down ... gasp . lola strike a haughty pose , still hold she light cigarette . she take a drag . Laura check she watch , then tumble off the couch , landing on she foot . she straighten she skirt . LAURA it 's get late . I will give you a ride home , ned . finish with the book , ned turn ... smile . ned I have my car . LAURA I will tow you . ned not today . you do not need to wait . I will see you tomorrow . lola look at Laura ... icy , haughty , triumphant . Laura move reluctantly toward the door , see the lock and door frame chew to piece ... whirl around , head back toward ned . LAURA I should call someone to fix this ... ned tomorrow ... she instantly spin around , head back toward the door ... LAURA I will call from home . ... and exit . ned sit down on the corner of the desk . lola sit in the chair across from he . lola I think I should warn you , Mr. ravine ... I be not wear any underwear . she cross she leg suggestively ... then slowly , enticingly , re-cross they in the other direction . unimpress , ned open Laura 's desk drawer ... pull a pair of sexy lace panty from a kleenex - style dispenser box label " pandora's pop - up pantie " ... which pull another pair up into position . he toss the panty to lola . ned try this on . she do ... very , very slowly and seductively ... as they talk . ned so ... what can I do for you ? lola I have run across some ... papers ... and I think you might be able to tell I what they be . you see , I be not very experience when it come to ... papers . ned I will help you miss cain , if I be able . do you have the ... papers ... here ? lola no ... they be at home . I think you might stop by ... ned I be on duty tonight . lola do not they ever give you a night off ? ned yeah . tomorrow . lola ( pick up cigarette ) why do not we meet tomorrow evening then ? she finish pull the panty on with a sultry smile ... " snap " the elastic waistband . she go to the door , pause ... turn to he . lola I will let you know where . ned ( step over to she ) what 's wrong with my office ? she look around , exhaling another cloud of smoke . lola nothing a good interior decorator could not fix . she open the door . behind she , in the hall , we see dizzy , the saxophone player , wail away on " lola 's theme . " close on lola she take a final , long drag on she cigarette , then reach o.s. with it ... toward ned . lola take care of this for I , will ya ? with a sultry smile , she turn and leave , close the door . angle on ned the cigarette be stick in he nose . int . ned' house - night the front door swing open . Frank be stand there , dress in a cheap , loose - fitting suit and a T-shirt . frank I come back for my shower cap . lana , now wear the diaphanous gown , pull he inside . she kiss he hungrily , slip a frilly plastic shower cap with a gaudy floral design on he head . lana yeah , well you come to the right place . she walk to the live room . Frank follow , still wear the shower cap . lana snap she finger . lana sit down . he sit in a chair , look around . frank where be he ? lana on duty all night . by the time he wrap up he report , it will be close to noon tomorrow . she sit on the couch , pick up a stack of papers . lana I be just read over ... she look up at Frank . see the shower cap . lana take off the hat , Frank . he slip the shower cap off as lana continue . lana I be just read over my husband 's insurance policy . you would not know anything about insurance , would you , frankie ? frank yeah , matter of fact , I sell policy part-time . I get half a brain ... or do not you notice ? lana I musta have my eye on something else . ( hand he papers ) how about a translation . he flip through , scan the page , shrugging . frank Standard accident policy ... all the usual stuff ... blah , blah , blah . the face value be ... wow . not bad . Three million buck ! ( flip page ) and there 's a triple indemnity rider . lana meaning ? frank aw , it 's just something agent throw in so we can boost the premium . if the policy holder die under very specific condition , it pay off three time the face value of the policy . lana nine million dollar ...? frank yeah ... but it 's a sure bet for the company . nobody ever collect . lana why not ? frank well , like here ... it only pay off if he 's shot with a pistol , fall from a move northbound train and drown in a fresh water stream . lana all three ? frank see what I mean , sweetheart ? what be the odd of that ? lana it could happen . ( dramatic beat ) suppose it do happen ? frank then you would be rich . lana then we would be rich . frank what be you sayin ' ...? she drop to she knee in front of he , she face close to he , speak with a persuasive urgency . lana we be gonna kill the son-of - a-bitch ! and I know exactly how ! he have a legal symposium in Santa Barbara this weekend ... all we have to do be get he to take the train up instead of drive . frank how we gonna do that ? do not you tell I he hate train ? lana that 's where you come in , baby . you be gonna rig he car so it do not work . that should be no problem for you . she get up , walk to the adjoin room ... snap she finger at she side . he follow . she step to a table , pull the cover off a elaborate scale - model of dealey Plaza and a train station , complete with ho - scale model train chugge around the track . she use a pointer to trace the route to the depot . lana then ... we give he a lift to the train station ... through dealey Plaza , past the Book suppository and around the grassy knoll ... frank be not that out of we way ? ignoring this , she turn the light off , walk over to a screen and pick up a remote control . she click the button . a slide projector come on , throw a image on Frank 's back . we can read the word : the plan . lana move , Frank . he move over . " the plan " appear on the screen . lana and pay attention . as she talk , image appear on the screen , accompany she rapid spiel . we see : a shot of the depot , a map of the rail route , a gun , a river , a bingo game , baseball action and a huge dollar sign ! lana ten minute out of the station he will be stand in the vestibule between car ... try to avoid a panic attack . fourteen minute and ten second out , the train cross the Santa ynez River . so at thirteen minute and fifty - four second , I shoot he , shove he out the door ... he hit the river and drown . bingo ! a triple play . we be rich ! the light click on . frank you be think about this a lot , have not you ? lana no . it just come to I . ( closer , seductive ) I have this image of a big , powerful , throbbing train ... plunging into a long , dark , wet tunnel . they embrace , kissing passionately , drop out of frame . the model train chug faster , the train whistle shrieking a long " woooooooo-woooooooooo ! " ... racing into a model tunnel . int . police station - squad room - night ned and arch drag in a bunch of bad -ass , multi-ethnic gang member they have just bust . ned angrily shove one of the toughest gang member against the wall ... lose he cool . ned stand over there and shut up ! gang member # 1 hey , man , we get rights ! do not you be layin ' no deleterious malfeasance on we . ned go ballistic and slam he into the wall again ! ned watch you mouth , punk ! I do not want to hear language like that ! arch grab ned by the shoulder , pull he back , calming he . arch whoa , hold on , hoss ! take it easy . you seem a little tense tonight . what be it ? ned regains he composure . he 's depressed . ned aw ... I do not know . I guess it 's lana . it 's just ... I know she want to have a baby so bad ... gang member # 1 step closer , listen . ned ... but I never get to spend any time with she . and when I be home ... it 's like she 's , you know ... avoid sex . gang member # 1 step closer , listen . gang member # 1 you should try to be more sensitive , man . more romantic . bring she flower . he step between they , put he arm around ned 's shoulder . gang member # 1 try to understand how she feel . after all ... he step back , begin to sing " try a Little tenderness " ... gang member # 1 she may be weary ... woman do get weary ... wearing that same old shabby dress ... but when she 's weary ... try a little ten-der -ness ... the other gang member join in on the second verse with a sweet , mellow street - corner harmony as back -up ... and some smooth group choreography . the cop on duty listen raptly , get maudlin and dewey - eye . tear roll down the cheek of the book sergeant . the light dim . a big , gruff cop make eye at a hooker be book ... and they start to slow dance . arch watch all this with a sentimental smile , munch on he nachos . when the song end , arch put a comforting hand , cover with nacho cheese , on ned 's shoulder . ned that can not be it . I be the tenderest guy on the force . Nah ... I think she 's just afraid she will not be able to get pregnant . arch what 's to be afraid ! it 's like make breakfast ! you bring home the bacon ... she 's get the egg . ya scramble it up . ba-da-boom ba-da-b ! she 's get a omelette in the oven ! ( a beat , then ) why do not you knock off early ... go home . it would be nice for lana to wake up in the morning and find you there for a change . ned naw ... I can not . I get all this paperwork . arch do not worry about that . gang member # 1 we will do we own paperwork , man ! other gang member yeah ! we will fill out all that shit . ned nod , smile and gratefully " high - fives " the gang member as he head for the door . int . the house - later that night the house be dark . a key turn in the lock and ned enter . in the bedroom it 's dark . ned quietly undress and slip into bed . int . bedroom - close on lana - dawn sunlight creep through the window . lana 's eye flutter open . she see ned beside she ... sleep . suddenly , it hit she . she turn ! Frank be on the other side , curl up , snore . she 's lay between both man ! lana elbow Frank . he stir , groggy . she cover he mouth ... indicate ned . Frank 's eye bug out ! he slip out of bed . the bed frame squeak loudly ! Frank freeze . ned sleep on steadily . Frank grab he clothes . a unending torrent of coin fall out of he pants pocket , clanging on the floor ! he freeze . ned sleep on . Frank retrieve the coin , clumsily step on the tv remote control . a high - tech , sleekly design television monitor rise up ... click on . Frank try frantically to push the set down , but it keep rise into position . a image appear . it 's willard scott , do the weather on the today show . Frank grab the remote control , frantically pound on all the button . the volume go up ... SOUND blasting ! willard scott ( on television ) ... and Mrs. prudy Ann camomile of delphi , Georgia be one-hund and thirteen ! what a gorgeous hunk of female ! smoke three cigar a day , drink a straight shot of vodka at bedtime ... and still have sex ! the alarm clock go off , clanging loudly ! lana dive for it , slamm she hand down , kill the alarm . go for a double - play , she fling the clock at the tv , nail the on / off switch ! silence . ned be still out cold . Frank move toward the door ... but with each step the floor creak loudly ! he turn the knob . it clunk ! he pull the door open v-e-r-y s-l - o- with - l -y and it cre -e-e-e-a-k-s like the pierce metal brake of a train ! he blow lana a kiss , then pull the door close very gently . it stick . he pull harder . the knob pop off in he hand and he fall backward , tumble down the stair with a huge racket ! ned do not stir . finally it 's silent . lana exhales . a SMALL bird land on the sill of the open window , trill a sweet little " chirp . " ned sit bolt upright , irritate . ned damn bird ! he grab he shoe , heaving it toward the open window . ext . ned' house - morning Frank glance back up at the bedroom window with a arrogant smirk . whap ! ned 's shoe hit he right in the face ! ext . courthouse - day ned come down the courthouse step . he pause in the street , glimpsing the back of a woman pass nearby ... a stunning blond deck out in a cling dress and fashionable hat ... a long strip of toilet paper trail from she high heel shoe . it must be lola . he turn to watch she . a horn blare ! brake screech ! the SOUND overlap to ... int . ned' law office - day the door open . ned enter , look terrible . suit rip , hair mess up , bruise and batter , briefcase crush . LAURA my God , ned ... you look like you be hit by a bus . ned I be . ( notice ) who 's in my office ? LAURA Max Shady 's mother . ned not again . inside the office mrs . shady , a older woman with a pleasant appearance , sit in a overstuff leather chair . ned and Laura enter . ned hello , Mrs. Shady . ned go straight to he office closet , pull out a identical blue suit ... and start stripping off he tatter clothes . ned Laura ... check on my insurance . make sure it 's pay up . Laura reluctantly return to the outer office . mrs . shady good idea , Mr. ravine . my son , Max , be get out of prison tomorrow . ned ( check he watch ) gee , have it be seven year already ? mrs . shady Seven long , miserable year in the slammer . and he 's a bit piss off . ned well , be lock in a tiny room with no tv can make a guy feel pretty tense . mrs . shady I be very concerned about he , Mr. ravine . he say you be a two - bit shyster ... and he 's go to rip you head off and use it for a bowl ball ! he go to she , put a comforting hand on she shoulder , look she right in the eye , attempt to provide solace . ned I be sure the experience be not all negative . he probably make a lot of friend ... mrs . shady ( ever hopeful ) you think ? ned ... learn a useful trade ... mrs . shady oh yes ... live autopsy ... ned ... catch up on all that book he want to read ... she struggle to she foot feebly ... mrs . shady maybe so ... but he say he 's go to punch you in the testicles ... she haul off and punch he like a pile driver ! wham ! he double over , gasp . mrs . shady ... smash you face ... she knee he in the face , raise he up ... then nail he with a devastating right cross , spin he around . he collapse over the desk . mrs . shady ... and decimate you wardrobe . she grab the tail of he suit jacket and rip it up the back ! mrs . shady and I would not want that to happen . ( spanks he butt ) he 's a naughty naughty boy . I just think I should warn you . she turn and shuffles out , pass through the outer office . mrs . shady ( to Laura ) bye for now . ( pause by desk ) oh ... may I have a cookie ? LAURA ( at file cabinet ) sure . she grab a handful of cookie and casually fling they at Laura ... as she head out the door . mrs . shady thank yooooooooou . Laura rush into ned 's office with the file folder . he stagger unsteadily by the desk . LAURA oh my God , ned . ned I hate when she come to see I . LAURA do not you realize , ned ?... you could be in real danger . ned ( see file ) what 's that ? LAURA extreme peril . you know , the risk of personal bodily harm . ned ( point at file ) no ... I mean that . LAURA you insurance file . but the policy 's miss . do you take it home ? ned I do not think so . Laura look puzzle ... wonder where it might be . then ... LAURA oh , wait a second ... she go to she desk in the outer office , dig through a drawer . suddenly , she gasp ! she be hold ... a framed photograph of she abusive husband ... sneering . a circle have be draw around he head with lipstick and a diagonal line slashed across he face . match dissolve to : flashback her husband face peer out through a sailboat porthole at stormy seas . a piece of mask tape stick to the glass match the diagonal line . int . cabin of sailboat - night Laura 's husband turn from the porthole . Laura cower . the boat pitch and heave , disturbing all the neatly hang towel , emblazon with mine - mine - mine across the bottom edge . Laura 's husband react with a craze look in he eye . Laura make a break for it , run up on deck . ext . sailboat in STORM - night Laura 's husband scramble up onto the deck , look fore and aft . Laura 's vanish ! he look out to sea , call ... laura' husband lau-raaaaa ! ext . beach - night Laura paddle ashore , grasp a little kid 's inflatable float ring . she struggle onto the sand and look out to sea , triumphant ... toss the plastic float aside . montage - ultra contempo beach house - night -- Laura rush in , tracking water all through the house . -- Laura cut a inch of hair from she amazingly long , very wet tresses , then put on a wig ... that be also long and wet ! -- Laura retrieve a bra and a package of twinkies from a secret hide place ... and stuff they into a small brown paper bag . -- Laura hurriedly mop up she water track , then ... -- she use a industrial buffer to wax the hardwood floor . -- Laura remove she wedding ring ... throw it in the toilet . she reach for the handle to flush it ... hesitates , see the " conserve water - this means you ! " sticker on the toilet . she reach into the bowl and retrieve the ring . -- on the deck , Laura throw the wedding ring toward the ocean . a seagull swoops down , snatching it in mid-air and fly off . omit sequence omit from original script . -- in the bathroom ... the seagull fly in through the open window , land on the back of the toilet and drop the ring ... into the toilet bowl ! ext . the beach - next morning Laura 's husband reach into the surf and pick up the deflate float ring . he look at it with a cruel sneer . int . beach house - bathroom Laura 's husband fish Laura 's wedding ring out of the toilet bowl ... look off with demonic rage ! end flashback montage the camera pull back from Laura 's scream mouth ! her eye be fill with pure terror ! a gigantic wave of water splashes in she face ! we see ned ... hold a tiny empty paper cup in he hand . Laura be completely drench ! ned Laura ! be you alright ? that be a very long flashback you have . she snap out of it , sputtering . LAURA yes ... I know . it 's okay . I be just a little ... pre-menstrual . she go to she desk , still upset . she pick up the message spike and turn to ned . LAURA that lola cain ... " person " ... stop by . she leave this ! she thrust it toward ned 's face ! there 's a business card stick on the end . he pull it off . angle - close on business card it read : le hot club ! no Air condition ... and proud of it ! scribble next to it be the message ... " meet I at 7:30 " . the edge of the card be scorched . int . le hot club - night it 's dark , seductive , smoky , crowded ... and hot . everybody be drip with sweat and hold unlit cigarettes . ned enter , see lola sit on a stool at the bar , one leg cross provocatively over the other . a beer can be stick to the gum on the bottom of she shoe . it fall off with a clunk . he sit on the stool next to she . she look at he , smile . ned oh yeah , before I forget ... you ask I to take care of this . he reach into he jacket pocket , pull out a lit cigarette . it have a very long ash . lola thanks ... she take it ... inhale a drag , then let the smoke flow out through she smile . it flow out for a looooooooong time ! more smoke than she could ever have inhale . then ... ned you smoke too much . ( look around , then ) it 's hot tonight . lola be it ? I never know . my body heat run about twenty degree above normal . he notice the drink in she hand be boiling . a saxophone begin to softly wail lola 's theme . ned look over to see a quartet , feature dizzy on sax . the guitarist spontaneously burst into flame ! a fireman , in full gear , jump up from the bar and put out the blaze with a fire extinguisher . none of the band member miss a beat . ned maybe we should look for a cooler place . lola I doubt we will find one . even the wind chime on my porch be not move much this day . they keep thudding softly , like dairy cow bump butt in the night . I go out there expect to find a cool breeze ... but it 's just a lot of hot air . ned glance at the male customer ... sit at the bar across from they . they be stare coldly at ned . ned what be they lookin ' at ? lola a lot of they have try that seat . you be the first one 's last this long . ned I feel honore . lola do not . it 's break . a beat of realization , then the stool collapse with a crash ! ned pull himself back up and drag another stool over . ned do you bring the ... papers ? lola no . I think you might come over ... ned sure . I will drive you . lola I bring my own car . ned I will follow you then . lola I know it sound silly , but would you leave first ... wait in you car ? I come here a lot and I would not want that man to think I be " easy " ... a slut who will jump into bed with anyone at the drop of a hat . but if you leave first ... ned ... they will think I be a putz for pass up a sure thing . lola stare at ned for a long moment ... then slap he face . he do not move , remain staunchly macho . then , suddenly , she slug he so hard it knock he over the top of the bar ! lola ( for all to hear ) now leave I alone ! she pause to give he a flicker of a coy smile ... then pick up she drink and move to a nearby table . ned struggle to he foot and stagger to the door . int . ned be car - night ned be a mess ! blood trickle from the side of he mouth . shirt soak in sweat . he turn the radio on . lola' theme start play . a small ceiling fan hang from the interior roof of he car , turn slowly . the venetian blind on he side window be partially open , let in slashes of dramatic light . angle - he Pov of road he 's follow lola 's car . it signal and turn leave . int . ned be car - night still hot , ned pull the chain on the ceiling fan . it spin faster . much faster ! the car become like a wind tunnel ! ext . lola' house - night the two car enter a long drive , come to a stop near a large two story house surround by lush greenery . ned climb out ... he wind - blow hair flatten on one side and stick out crazily . angle - lola' car door - ned' Pov it open . lola 's leg swing out . the camera pan down she long leg to she foot . the car floormat be stick to one shoe . she casually shake it off ... go to the front door . int . lola' house - night they enter . it 's dark . ned squint into the shadow . ned well , here we be ... in the dark . lola I have the clapper . ned you what ? lola clap she hand twice and all the light come on . she smile at he ... drop she car key on the hall table , then go up the stair . ned drop he car key on the table too and follow she . ext . porch off bedroom - night lola click on a porch light . she and ned step out . dozen of small box hang around the perimeter of the porch . lola my wind chime . ned step over , run he hand along the box . they " thud " against each other . ned you know , this would work a lot better if you take they out of the box . he slip several box off , release cluster of the metal chime . they " tinkle " and " clang " melodically in the breeze . lola well well ... I guess you have be around . I be impressed . she move close , come on to he . ned feel uneasy . ned why do not we take a look at that ... papers ? lola ( remember ) paper . right . int . dressing area off bedroom - night lola come in , look around , then down . she remove she shoe , pull off two scrap of paper stick to the gum on she heel . int . bedroom - night ned be look through a book ... " kamikaze kama sutra - the encyclopedia of deadly sexual position . " lola come back in , hand ned the two scrap of paper . ned that 's it ? this be the ... papers ? lola yes . they be so confusing to I . can you tell I what they be ? he check they out ... shrug . it 's obvious . ned this one 's a laundry receipt ... and the other one 's a expire lottery ticket . he hand they back to she , but she gently push they away . lola no . you keep they ... as a memento of we time together . she slip they into he jacket pocket ... then sensuously slide she hand around he , grab he bun , pull he closer . lola I be so grateful . how can I ever repay you for all you have do ? ned Cash would be nice . lola be not there some other way ? ned I suppose you could wash my car . lola no , I mean , be not there something else you want ? something I could give you ? she seductively start to slide the jacket off he shoulder . ned hey ... slow down ... there 's a speed limit in this state . sixty - five mile a hour . lola how fast be I go , officer ? ned oh , about a hundred and twenty - three . lola suppose you pull I over and frisk I ? ned suppose I let you off with a warning ? lola suppose I find a cop with a bigger nightstick ? ned suppose I put you under arrest for be a bad girl with bad thought ? lola suppose you handcuff I to the bed ? ned ( rapid run - on ) suppose I do and then we lose the key and while I be go to get a duplicate make the house catch on fire and I can not get back to save you because the bridge be wash out and so you die a horrible death toast like a Polish sausage on a flame spit ! ( shake he head ) Nah ... I better be go . he turn and leave . she be stunne , confuse , breathless . ext . front door - night ned open the door , pause , turn ... as lola join he there . she look into he eye with desire . lola you be not so tough . last chance . she move she lip close to he , about to kiss he . then ... ned no thanks . I get a cold shower and a wife who trust I wait at home . lola what 's the matter ? do not you want I ? it 's the way I look , be not it ? he step out , pause ... turn to she . ned do not forget to lock up . ned pull the door shut . the lock click . he pause by he car , realize something , heave a sigh , go back to the door . he try the knob , but the door be lock . he look through the small window . he see lola stand inside ... breathe heavily , brace herself against the staircase bannister , hand to she heaving chest as if to calm a pound heart . he push against the door . it will not budge . he go to the large window , gaze inside . she slide one hand enticingly across she breast and thigh , strike a seductive pose . he point toward the door , motion for she to unlock it . she look away . frustrate , ned try the window . it 's lock . he pick up a wringht iron chair , slam it into the window ! the heavy chair fall apart . the glass do not even vibrate ! he see a riding power mower in the driveway ... jump into the seat , start the engine ... barrel toward the front of the house ! thunder crash and lightning flash in the sky ! he plows into the side of the house , smashing a huge hole through the wall !... mowing a swath in the carpet ! lola gasp . ned climb off the mower , move toward she . she open she arm , breathless . the music swell dramatically ! she intercept he , embrace he passionately . lola I know you would come back ... ned ( look past she ) I forget my car key . he struggle free , grab he car key from the hall table . she follow , embrace he again , even more tenaciously . lola that 's not what you come back for . ned yes it be . impatient , she crush she mouth against he , kissing he hard , desperately claw at he clothes . she 's relentless ... devour he with she lip and tongue . overwhelm , he succumb to she passion . his car key drop from he hand . she push he down toward the floor . low angle - at floor level her hand grasp he shirt , rip it open . the button fly in all direction ! she grab at he leather belt , twist it in she hand ... rip it in two ! she grab he pants by the cuff ... rip one pant leg off ! then the other !... toss they over each shoulder ! ned and lola tumble across the floor , arm and leg entangle ... roll themselves up in a rug in the process . angle - fireplace a roaring fire . we hear o.c. moaning and heavy breathing . the camera tilt down to a sheepskin rug in front of the fireplace . no one be there ! a crystal vase fall , crashing on the stone hearth . the camera tilt up to reveal ned and lola ... stretch out on the mantle , ravish each other . angle - the refrigerator the door suddenly burst OPEN ! ned and lola tumble out ... wrap in each other 's arm , food tumble out with they . omit sequence omit from original script . angle - the dine room table the table wiggle . the camera move up to reveal ned and lola kissing passionately . she lay on the table , arm and leg stretch upward ... a spin plate balanced on the point finger of each hand ... and a large spin platter balanced on the end of she point leave toe . her right foot brushes the platter to keep it spin . the Ed Sullivan show position . several angle - in bed -- ned and lola 's entangle leg , move under the sheet . -- ned sit , wrist tie to the brass bed with silk scarve . -- lola , also with she wrist tie to the bed with silk scarve . -- then ... a wider angle ... revealing that they be both tie ... at opposite end of the same bed ! angle - the basement stair wrapped in each other 's arm , they tumble down the stair ... crash into a workbench , still kissing passionately ! angle - a wall socket ned 's hand plug in a cord . rack focus to a soft lamb 's wool buffer wheel rise into frame , whirring . it dip into a open can of floor wax ... then move over to lola 's naked body , buffing the surface of she skin to a high gloss . the camera move to she eye . they be crossed in ecstasy . angle - the bedroom floor heavy breathing . squeaky bed noise . the camera move up along the mattress . the bed move with a jerky rhythm . the camera reveal lola 's hand , grasp the sheet tightly . we move up to lola , lie face down against the pillow . lola ( breathless ) ... do not ... stop ... full shot - the bed ned jump up and down on the bed like a trampoline ! lola be on she stomach , bounce each time ned 's foot hit the bed . lola ... oh ned ... please ... do not ... stop ... he do a complete back flip !... then keep bounce . ext . the rooftop - night the wind blow . thunder and lightning ! rain pour down . ned and lola , both in yellow rain slicker , ravish each other lustfully on the roof , slide down the incline of shingles . oblivious to the peril , they slip right over the edge ! they hang from the eave trough , each clutching it with one hand while still hold one another with they free arm ... kissing passionately . the trough break ! they fall ! angle - the ground below they roll out of the bush onto the lawn , arm and leg entangle . they fall apart , gasp for breath . a beat . lola that take care of foreplay . ned 's eye widen . lola grin lustily , roll on top of he . int . prison cell - morning the cell wall be a clutter of photo : Hitler ... mussolini ... Charles Manson ... and he mother , Mrs. Shady . a man 's muscular naked torso rise into frame , he back to we . he 's do pull -up , he body cover with tattoos ! quote on each arm ... " do not have a cow , man ! " - Bart Simpson ... and " I know you be , but what be I ? " - pee wee herman . on one shoulder , a gravestone with the epitaph " I tell you I be sick ! " in the center of he back ... we see a big tattoo of ned 's face label " dead meat . " a guard open the cell door . guard it 's time , Max . the prisoner turn . he 's butt-ugly , hard , nasty look . it 's max shady ... with a huge " double corona " cigar in he mouth . on he chest be a tattoo that read : this space for rent . he walk right toward the camera lens and the frame go to black . match CUT to : black frame ext . federal prison - morning two huge iron door swing open and a mob of milling reporter rush forward , surround Max Shady . he wear a blue suit just like ned 's . the Reporters have no microphone , but shove they empty hand at Max as if they do . they shout question . reporter # 1 Mr. Shady ! what 's the first thing you be gonna do now that you be out ? max shady find ned ravine ... rip he head off and use it for a bowl ball ! reporter # 2 be you a good bowler ? reporter # 3 you ever bowl a three - hundred game ? reporter # 4 how would you handle a seven-ten split ? reporter # 1 say , be not you wear one of ravine 's " trademark " blue suit ? max shady yeah . the bastard give it to I as a gift ... to make up for lose my case . now I be go to wear it to he friggin ' funeral !! Shady see someone o.s. , wave like a gleeful little kid . max shady ma! int . lola' house - morning a ceiling fan rotate slowly ... a pair of short and a nylon stock hang from the blade . the house be a wreck ! the camera move down to ned and lola , both recline in a big claw - foot bathtub , face each other , they arm drape lazily over the side . ned 's eye be close . " in-a-gadda - Da - vida " play on the stereo in the b.g. lola 's hand reach for a ice pick on the floor , raise it up slowly . then ... click !... ignites the cigarette lighter in the handle , touch the flame to the end of she cigarette . she chip away a big chunk of ice from the block in a silver ice bucket beside she ... then sensuously rub the ice across she breast . ned wince at the sight of this . lola smile at he , then let the chunk of ice slide into the water ... and push it between ned 's leg . he cringe , eye cross . the familiar repetition of musical note from the stereo drone louder ... grab ned 's attention . ned that 's madam Butterfly , be not it ? lola Iron Butterfly . in-a-gadda-da-vida . ned ( listen ) oh yeah , sure ... now I can hear it . lola it tell the sad story of a woman who be reject by she lover after a brief , but torrid , affair ... so she stalk he with a ice pick and stab he with it more than a thousand time . ned really ? I never could understand the lyric . he lift he foot out of the water , dangle they over each side of the tub . he 's still wear one blue sock . lola raise she foot out of the water . she 's still wear she high heel shoe . they be drip . ned you know , what happen last night be very , uh ... lola yes ... it be . I should check on my homeowner insurance . ned but we can not ever let it happen again . ever ! lola what be you say , ned ? that you be rejecting I , you lover , after a brief , but torrid , affair ?! ned pull he foot in , sit up ... suddenly feel vulnerable . he measure he word very , very carefully . ned I would not put it exactly like that . it 's just that ... well , I be marry to a wonderful woman ... who be very , very attractive ... ( but add quickly ) ... not that you be not very attractive ! his voice begin to echo and fade as the camera move in to a cu of lola 's enraged eye ! ned ( voice echoing ) ... you be not very attractive ... you be not very attractive ... you be not very attractive ... and then we see ... a close shot of she hand , grasp the ice pick ... scratch it along the side of the tub , peel back the porcelain . a grating screech overlap to ... int . pet store - day tight on a screeching tropical bird . we pull back to reveal ned look around the store . his rip pants have be temporarily repair with big piece of mask tape . a clerk step over with two big parrot on she shoulder . clerk do not touch anything . you bond with it ... you buy it . whatdya want ? ned I would like to buy a pet . she eye he suspiciously . clerk yeah . for what purpose ? ned it 's a gift ... for my wife . clerk right . they all say that . ned she spend a lot of time alone . I think it might be nice if she have something to keep she company . clerk yeah . sure . I bet . how do I know you be not the kind of guy who punch out parakeet ? or take some poor defenseless animal , throw it in a sack and run over it with you car five or six time . ned I would never hurt a animal . clerk Boy , I would . they be drive I crazy ! turn and shout at the noisy bird . clerk shuddup ! they do . she turn back to ned . clerk okay ... tell I more about this broad you be marry to . I like to match people with the pet they deserve . int . police squad room - day a typical police squad room ... smoke -fill , cluttere , busy . arch sit at a desk do paperwork , surround by the gang member ... who be also fill out papers . arch sing to himself , munch on nacho from a big pile of chip . the gang member harmonize with he . a gang member reach for a nacho chip . arch grab for the gun in he shoulder holster . arch uh-uh . the gang member drop the chip . arch pop it in he mouth , continue sing . the gang member join in with harmony . ned enter in the background , carry a box with airhole in it . he step over to he desk , look at the sing gang member , then motion like a choir leader , cut they off neatly . ned ( doubtful ) you do all my paperwork ? they all hand over they complete paperwork . ned stare at they for a beat ... surprised . ned get out of here . they do . he open the file ... check out the papers . arch notice something o.s. and get up . arch and a damn good job , too . one of them even do it in Spanish . arch turn the sound up on a wall - mount tv monitor . arch hey ned ! catch this ! friend of yours . on the screen ... it 's Max Shady speak to the press . max ( o.s. ) ( on t.v. ) ... I would like to reach down ned ravine 's throat and pull out he gut with my bare hand ! arch ( shocked ) Jesus ... you hear that ? ned he 's just work through he anger , try to find a constructive outlet . arch be you kiddin ' ! he will do it ! the guy 's a friggin ' looney ! ned trust I , I spend a lot of time with he when I be prepare he case . he 's really a very sweet , sensitive human be . max ( on t.v. ) I would like to mash he head like a ripe melon ... ned he get a little melon-dramatic . max ( on t.v. ) ... then cut off all he finger and rip out he liver with my tooth ! ned ( shrug ) see. love to exaggerate . arch slump in he chair , really stunne . arch Christ , ned ... you be in deep shit . ned laugh it off . he start check through the message and paperwork on he desk . the phone ring . he pick it up . ned Lieutenant ravine . ned 's face darken . he turn away . int . lola' house - tight shot - lola' mouth - day speak into the phone ... intense , obsessive . lola I want to see you , ned . int . police squad room - day ned ( whisper harshly ) I tell you not to call I ! it 's finish between we . no . no , I be not suck anything of yours anymore ! ( voice get louder ) it 's do ! over ! he slam the receiver down , shatter the phone ! everyone stare at ned in stunne silence . ned ( shrug it off ) wrong number . int . lola' house - day she 's in the bathtub , phone receiver in one hand , still jabbing at the porcelain tub with the ice pick . Water squirt from the hole she 's puncture in the side of the tub . she fling the ice pick at the wall . it stick ! ext . park - day lana be seat on a park bench wear a trenchcoat , hat and sunglass . Frank walk up , look around nervously , pretend not to know lana . he sit down next to she . frank how come we gotta meet here ? lana we have to be careful now . we can not risk be see together at the house or someone might connect we to the murder later on . she hand he a hat . lana here ... put this on . she take she sunglass off , look at he . he hesitates , stare at the hat . a dignify look older gentleman approach . Frank quickly slip the hat on he head . the older gentleman sit on the bench across from they . he open a paper sack and begin neatly lay he lunch out next to he . a apple , sandwich , napkin , Mountain Dew . lana ( whisper to Frank ) speak yiddish . frank what ? lana Red yiddish . we see the sub - title " speak yiddish . " from this point on , all they dialog be in yiddish ... but it appear in english sub - title across the bottom of the screen . frank ich hobe getracht , efsher iz der nisht geshtoigen un nisht gefloygen . ( I be thinkin ' ... maybe this plan be too complicated . ) lana Zein nisht azoy meshige ! Der plan iz kosher vi yosher . ( quit worry . the plan be perfect . ) intercut - angle on older gentleman he toss crumb of he sandwich to the pigeon , occasionally glance up at Frank and lana . whenever they speak , however , he eye look down toward they leg . intercut - medium two - shot on frank and lana with sub - title across the bottom of screen , about knee - level . frank yo ! ober mir darfen imvarfen in tsug . un schissen un schtippen in vasser arein . oy a broch ! mir zenen git bakackt . ( yeah , but we gotta get he on the train , shoot he ... then push he in the river . there 's a million way we can screw up . ) lana vus iz mit idr ? die host a vaichen schmoke ? ( you be not go soft on I , be you ? ) frank ven hob ich gehat a vaichen schmoke ? ( when have I ever go soft on you ? ) lana lest and yomkippur . ( last yom kippur . ) frank nu shoin , ein mul . es paseert tsie yeyden man . ( okay ... once ! it happen to every guy . ) he look around nervously . frank oy ! mir vellen zein oif groise tsure . I 'vet unz chap and . ( we be go to be in big trouble . they be go to catch we . ) older gentleman there 's very little risk involved . statistic reveal that less than thirty - two percent of all murderer be ever apprehend . they both look at he ... stunne . a long beat . lana you speak yiddish ? older gentleman no . but I can read sub-titles . Frank and lana be speechless . but across the bottom of the screen we see a sub - title reflect they thought . sub -title oy vay ! int . ned' law office - day ned enter , carry the box . he set it down on she desk . LAURA oh gee , you should not have ... ned I do not . it 's for my wife . he go into he office , start to change out of he tatter suit . Laura talk to he from the outer office . LAURA she call . wonder why you never come home last night . I tell she you be work with a client , undercover . she step into the doorway of he office . LAURA be you ? ned what ? LAURA there 's lipstick on you collar . she return to she desk . disturb , ned quickly pull the shirt collar out , check it . ned no there be not . LAURA no ... there be not . but you answer my question . she 's a real looker , huh ? ned who ? LAURA lola cain . ned I have not notice . she open the blind behind she and look at ned through the window between they office . LAURA yeah , I notice how you have not notice . ( return to work ) that 's alright . she notice enough for both of we . she pick up a stack of papers from the fax machine . ned step into the doorway , wear a clean shirt . LAURA I worry about you , ned . I worry a lot . ( hand he papers ) Max Shady 's be fax death threat to you all morning . ned ( read bit ) ... stick a knife in you ... ( react , next ) ...rip the eyeball out of you ... ( next ) ... drive razor - sharp spike under you ... LAURA do you get to the one ...? ned ... cut it off ... shove it in a blender . LAURA yeah ... that one . ned ( toss they aside ) he 's just get it out of he system . once they say it ... they never do it . you know ... like the President . there 's a knock at the door . they look up to see a ominous silhouette of a man on the milkglass . ned start toward the door . Laura grab he arm , stop he . LAURA ( whisper ) wait . it might be he . she open she purse , pull out a big colt .45 , hold it out to he . ned stare at it , take aback . ned where do you get that ? LAURA ( as if obvious ) from my purse . ned what be you do with it ? LAURA ( still obvious ) handing it to you . ned jeez , Laura , what do you use a gun for ? LAURA you shoot it . a bullet come out . gosh , ned , after all you year as a cop , I would think you would know this thing . ned Laura ... put the gun away . he hand the gun back to she ... go to the door ... open it . there 's a young delivery man hold a bouquet of flower . delivery man ( check card ) Flowers for ned rav ... ( look up ) hey ... be not you that lawyer guy ? man , you be dead meat ! ned grab the flower , slam the door . Laura take the envelope from the flower ... open it . LAURA be this another sick joke from Max Shady ? she look at the card ... she expression turn cold . ned what be it ...? LAURA ( hand it to he ) lola cain . she grab the flower ... take they into the bathroom . LAURA I will put this in water for you . ned open the envelope . a audio cassette drop into he hand . written on the label : play me. from the bathroom , we hear the loud SOUND of a toilet flushing . int . ned be car - night it 's raining . ned pop the cassette into the tape player . lola' voice ned , darling ... I know this seem like a strange way to talk with you ... but since you will not take my call , I have no other choice . ( then suddenly ) watch it ! that red car 's turn leave ! ned swerve to avoid a collision , honking he horn . lola' voice I love you , ned . we be mean to be together ... forever . ( then suddenly ) the light 's change ! floor it ! go! go! go ! ned gun it !... accelerate through a yellow light . lola' voice Nice move ! ( then sincere again ) nothing can keep we apart , ned . not even you wife . I would hate to have to tell she about we , but if necessary ... I will . we see headlight behind ned 's car . int . lola' car - night she be follow he , she eye intense , obsessed . dizzy sit in the back seat , noodle softly on he saxophone . int . ned' house - night ned step into the live room carry the box . lana come down the stair , pull on a bathrobe . lana what happen to you last night ? ned ( guilty as charge ) why ? what have you hear ? lana ( sarcastic ) you could have call . but then , I suppose you be tie up . ned ( reflect back ) only part of the time . lana I never know when you be come home , ned . how can I ever make any plan ? in the b.g. , through the window , we see Frank drop from the second floor , right onto the seat of a wait motorcycle . he zoom off into the night . ned step up behind lana , slip he arm around she . ned I promise I will spend more time with you . I know it 's be rough , be alone so much . but I will make it up to you . maybe we should try again , you know ... to have a baby . she roll she eye at this ... change the subject . lana so what 's in the box ? ned oh ... I bring you a present ! he hand it to she . she open it , look in . she look up , struggle unsuccessfully to hide a look of displeasure . lana what be it ? ned it 's ... sorta like a cat . ned pull out a pet skunk and put it in lana 's lap . she force a weak smile . lana not enough like a cat . ned it 's a little skunk . I get it at bird -and -skunk -r - we . ext . house - night lola stand in the pour rain outside , drench ... stare at lana and ned through the window . int . house - night ned so ... what be you go to name he ? lana how about ... ned ? ned ( think about it ) yeah . get a nice ring to it . I have always like the name ned . lana no kid . he put he arm around they both . ned so whatdya think ? you love ned junior as much as you love I ? lana at least . the phone ring . lana stand up , unceremoniously drop the skunk into ned 's arm . she go into ... the adjoining room ...to answer the phone . lana hello ?... hello ?... hello ? ( then , whisper ) Frank ? be that you ? ext . the house - night lola be in a glass telephone booth with venetian blind and a ceiling fan . she crack the blind open . in the background , through a window , we can see lana in the house on the phone . lana ( filter ) I tell you not to call . Frank ? frank ! int . courthouse - day ned enter the cavernous marble rotunda , turn down a hallway crowded with milling attorney and defendant . lola suddenly intercept he ... a newspaper trail from she high heel shoe . lola who 's Frank ? ned Frank ? the only Frank I know be a auto mechanic ... but I sure as hell would not recommend the guy . he 's really slow . he start to move off , but she stop he , impassion . lola I have to see you , ned . I need to feel you arm around I ! I wanna suck you toe till the nail pop off ! lola 's voice echoes . bystander gather , listen . ned look around self - consciously , embarrassed . ned I tell you , what happen be a big mistake . a one night stand . it 's over . I have a wife ... the crowd press closer ... not miss a thing . a woman snap a flash picture ! a man turn on he video camera . lola it do not matter . she will know all about we soon anyway . I want you ! in my bed ... in my arm ... in meeeeeee ! mortify , ned spin on he heel and make a bee-line for the safety of the Men 's room . lola hold up two ticket . lola I get we ticket to see Iron Butterfly ! ned I hate opera ! int . men' room - day ned burst in , go to the urinal ... not notice BEN arugula , a older gentleman in a business suit , stand at the urinal next to he . a beat later ... lola enter . lola why be you run from I ? do not it mean anything to you ?... buffing my bun with carnuba wax ? ( look down ) come on , neddy -poo . do not Mr. pokey want to go explore ? ned he 's busy right now . arugula glance sideways at ned , curious and uneasy . ned look , I tell you ... Mr. pokey make a big mistake ! one lousy mistake in he whole stinkin ' life ! so why do not you give he a break ! besides ... he belong to my wife ! ext . shoot range - day lana fire she gun rapidly ... bang ! bang ! bang ! bang !... over she shoulder , behind she back , under she leg . angle on target a full - body cut - out of a man , wear one of ned 's trademark gray suit . a huge smoking hole have be blow right through the crotch ! lana smirk , inhale the smoke from the gun barrel ... and blow it out . int . courtroom - day tilt down from a official government seal that read " ars gratia artis . " judge Ben arugula ... the distinguished look gentleman from the men' room , sit on the bench . ned , Laura and a slimy defendant stand at the defense table . judge arugula I would like to congratulate Mr. pokey for set yet another unusual legal precedent . this be the first time I have ever try a case in which the jury be find to be insane . angle - jury and bailiff the bailiff be hand out straitjacket to all the juror . the jury Foreman struggle to get he on and lace up . bailiff ( to another juror ) what be you ? a thirty - eight long ? back to judge arugula judge arugula the jury will be remand to the Center for unclear think in simi Valley . Court 's adjourned . int . courthouse hallway - day the jury be lead from the courtroom in straitjacket and chain . ned and Laura follow they out . ned you birthday ! today ? why do not you tell I ? LAURA it 's not important . I just have one last year . ned well , I be take you out to celebrate ! in the b.g. the slimy defendant pull a gun and force citizen ... include judge arugula ... up against the wall , robbing they ! LAURA oh no no ! it 's no big thing . I will have another one sometime . ned I insist . and I want to get you a nice present . LAURA you be so sweet . you do not have to . you give I a present last year . that lovely ginzu knife . ned yeah ... be not they great ! they last forever . and you can cut right through a shoe with them ! as they walk off , we hold on a close shot of a newspaper . the headline read : ex -con stalk cop / lawyer ned ravine ! below it be a picture of Max Shady , eye wide with psychotic rage ... a huge cigar in he mouth , wear a garish Hawaiian shirt . hand lower the newspaper ... revealing Max himself , with the same cigar , shirt and craze look on he face . int . le miss fashion boutique - day - montage Laura model hat ... each one become more outrageous . she coax ned into join she . they both try on women 's hat ... smile and laugh ... as " Brown eyed girl " play . in one of the mirror , we see Max Shady 's reflection ... as he also try on woman 's hat , watch they , puffing he cigar . int . le hula BOWL restaurant - night Laura wear a baseball cap with beer can attach to each side with long , curve plastic straw . the cap emblem read " Beer bimbo . " a price tag hang from it . she be beam . in the b.g. , Hawaiian dancers juggle flame torch as they dance around a ice sculpture of a hula dancer . ned it 's nice to be off the street ... away from all the pain and misery out there . ned motion casually toward the world " out there " ... stick he thumb into the eye of a waiter who be bend over to pick up a spoon , set off a chaotic chain reaction of small disaster that finally culminate with someone near the dance floor bump into the torch juggler , throw he rhythm off . distract , he start catch the flaming end of the torch ! ow ! oh ! yi ! ouch ! yipe ! he drop they all . the waiter who bump into he , politely pick up one of the flame torch and hand it back to the torch juggler . he grab the flame end of the torch ... and let out a scream ! he lunge toward a voluptuous hula girl ice sculpture , grab the freeze breast . his burn hand sizzle ! ned and Laura do not even notice ... gaze only at each other . LAURA ( v.o. ) what 's he think when he look at I with that goofy smile ...? ned ( v.o. ) Boy , do she look stupid in that hat . LAURA ( v.o. ) if I tell he how I really feel , he would probably fire I . what be I say ? he probably do not even know I exist . ned ( v.o. ) Laura 's incredible . and so smart . smart enough to recognize that ginzu knife be the gift of a lifetime . ( then , concerned ) but she never go out with guy . I wonder why ? LAURA ( v.o. ) I guess I will just have to wait . but he 's marry . I could wait forever . than again ... maybe lana will get hit by a runaway truck . there 's always a chance that ... ned ( v.o. ) ( interrupt ) but who care if she ... oh , sorry . LAURA ( v.o. ) that 's alright . I be just rambling . ned ( v.o. ) go ahead ... LAURA ( v.o. ) no , no , really ... you first ... ned ( v.o. ) I insist ... please ... LAURA oh , uh ... I just want to remind you about ... ned ... the legal symposium ... LAURA ... in Santa Barbara ... ned ...tomorrow ... ned &amp ; LAURA ( in unison ) ... " how to Sue you love one . " ned yeah . I be drive up in the morning . angle - max shady sit at a corner table wear a chic beret from the hat store , voraciously devour a huge Hawaiian pit roasted pig . he wrench the apple from the pig 's mouth ... take a huge bite ! back to ned and LAURA a saxophone begin to wail " lola 's theme . " ned look up , he eye draw to the lounge . he see ... lola ... strike a sexy pose on a bar stool , eye lock on ned . dizzy walk through , behind the bar , play he sax . she grab a handful of cherries from a glass on the bar , shove they in she mouth , cheek bulg , tongue move furiously . a moment later , she pull out a long chain of inter- lock cherry stem . ned react , shake , glance nervously at Laura . she smile , unaware . his eye flash back to lola . LAURA ( v.o. ) he 's so cute . he can not even look I in the eye . ned 's react intensely to ... lola - ned' Pov she stretch out sensuously on the bar , execute a series of humanly impossible erotic gymnastic position ! then , wrapping she leg around a brass pole , she spin no-hand ... until she thigh begin to smoke ! reverse angle - on entire room the eye of every male in the restaurant be rivete on lola ! closer on ned and LAURA the table start to rise slowly on ned 's side , glass slide toward Laura . she reach out to stop they ... notice ned 's distract expression . LAURA ( touch he arm ) what be it , ned ? you can tell I . ned ( sigh , reluctant ) I be a man , Laura . and all man feel passion at one time or another . even I . LAURA ( hopeful ) really ? ned what would you think of a marry man who give in to that wild , sensual , raging desire ? LAURA oh ... wow ... golly ... she gulp , eye wide . the drum pound faster as the dancer in the b.g. pick up the frenetic tempo ! ned what if , for just one crazy moment , he could not resist ...? he get knock for a loop and lose control ? LAURA ( smile , eager ) gosh ... that might be okay . breathless , she break a sweat , gasp for air . the drum beat louder , faster . the b.g. dancer whip into a frenzy ! ned what if a tidal wave of lust crash over he and he be suck into a vortex of wild , thrashing urge ? both of Laura 's ballcap beer can explode ! beer sprays out in a huge gush , drench she ! ned be so preoccupy with he own dilemma , he do not even notice . he heave a sigh ... pat she hand ... smile philosophically . ned well ... it 's not you problem . I will work it out . angle - a ice pick grasp tightly in lola 's hand . she walk toward ned and Laura , a seethe rage in she eye . as she pass the ice sculpture , she stab the ice pick into the crystalline hula dancer 's neck ! the head break off . she catch it and keep come , toss the head casually in one hand , like a basketball . lola appear suddenly at ned and Laura 's table . they look up . lola ( to Laura ) like some ice for you drink ? she drop the ice mermaid head . it shatter Laura 's glass to bit ! lola turn to ned with a cold glare . lola do you wife know you be ... " work " late ? I certainly hope so , Mr. ravine . she light she cigarette with the ice pick lighter , then flip it like a jackknife . it stick into ned 's chair , right between he leg . lola flash a coldly arrogant smile at Laura ... then exit . ext . ned' house - driveway - morning Frank open the hood to ned 's car , hold a screwdriver in one hand ... a wrench in the other . he do not know where to start . close angle - max shady' feet - morning a newsboy toss a fold newspaper . it land at Max Shady 's foot . Max pick up the paper , open it . the headline say : shady read newspaper in front of ravine residence ! Max look around self - consciously , eye shifting uneasily . int . ned' house - morning lana stand by the front door . she call upstairs to ned . lana hurry up , darling . you will be late ! Frank slip in , wear he greasy overall . he wipe he hand on a rag ... give lana a sly wink . frank ( whisper ) it 's all take care of . when do I knock on the door ? lana wait until I signal you . when I raise the blind ... you knock . she step over to the blind and demonstrate . he knock . lana not now ! frank oh , later ... right ... okay . she nod , patronize . Frank exit . lana pick up the skunk , cuddle he . ned come down wear he trademark gray suit . lana kiss he passionately ... a final farewell . lana drive carefully , sweetheart . say bye - bye to Little ned . he love he daddy ... do not you stink pot ? ned ( pet the skunk ) see you tonight , junior . as soon as ned close the door , lana 's smile vanish and she casually toss the skunk aside with a loud crash o.c . ext . ned' house - driveway - morning ned turn the car key . nothing . he get out , open the hood . he stare ... dumbfounded . int . the house - morning ned come in , visibly upset . lana act surprised . lana what 's wrong ? ned this neighborhood be get worse all the time ! damn kid steal my engine ! lana why do not you catch the train to Santa Barbara ? it leave in twenty minute . ned I will just fly up . lana no ! ned look at she strangely . she catch herself . lana I mean ... you can not . armed terrorist seize the airport this morning . a plane crash into the tower ... and all the runway be on fire ! ned yeah . so ? lana and it 's fogge in . ned ( disappointed ) dammit . lana for my peace of mind ... take the train . lana go to the window , start to raise the blind . ned I can not do it . you know how I feel about riding train . she stop ... let the blind drop down . lana darling ... it 's only a short trip . ned ( reconsider ) yeah ... right . a short trip . she start to raise the blind again . he pick up the phone . ned ( he hesitates ) a short trip to hell in a metal tomb ! he slam the receiver down . lana drop the blind again ... lana just because both you parent die in a train wreck ... ned and my brother , Jeff ... lana and you brother , morty ... ned my two sister ... lana right ... ned my best friend , Al ... my dog , woof ... grandma Rose ... and uncle lionel . all kill by train ! lana ( very convincing ) coincidence , ned. beside ... that 's the past . they be go . ned ( sigh , resign ) yeah . I guess I can not bring they back by not riding on a train . lana that 's right . she start to raise the blind again ... ned but I just can not get over this stupid nag fear that ... she abandon the blind , leave they raise part way ... lana fear ! what about we baby , ned ? I do not want to raise a child in a home fill with fear ! there 's a knock at the door . lana tug on the cord and the blind drop with a crash . the knocking stop . she pretend it do not even happen , racing on . lana but if you can conquer you fear ... maybe I can conquer my fear of have a baby with a father who 's fearful . ( go for break ) ned ... do not let a train kill we child before it 's even conceive ! ned ( heave a sigh ) I guess you be right . she grab the cord , then hesitates ... lana you be sure now ...? a beat . he nod . she quickly pull the blind up . ned but we will never make it to the station . by the time a cab get here ... a loud knock at the front door . lana open it . it 's Frank . frank I be in the neighborhood . think I would stop by and pick up my tool . lana Frank will drive you . wo not you Frank ? frank sure , I will take you to the train station . they all freeze . lana glare at Frank , who be completely unaware of he faux pas ... while ned try to figure out why that response do not sound right . int . frank be van - day they climb into the van . ned nervously check he watch . ned twelve minute . we will never make it . ext . franks van - day the camera boom down low to reveal Max Shady under the van , hang on like a leech , he back only inch from the road . the van drive off . int . frank be van - minute later at a intersection ... they see a " detour " sign . Frank and lana exchange concerned look . Frank turn the corner . the van start vibrate violently , toss they around . ned ( check he watch ) we be not go to make it . frank we will make it ! he shift gear , gun the engine . they rocket ahead , bouncing wildly , they head thumping the car roof ! the van splashes through deep water , a huge fantail spraying out on both side . ext . train station - day the train be pull in . the camera pan to Frank 's muddy van as it drive up nearby . Frank wait in the van as ned and lana get out and walk toward the train . they pass a feeble old woman struggle to drag a huge steamer trunk along the platform ... inch at a time . a redcap pass she also , carry a small overnight case for a attractive , elegantly attire socialite . everyone ignore the Old woman . ned look nervously at the train , already pale . lana okay ... now what be you go to do if you feel queasy go through the tunnel ? ned I will stand in the vestibule between the car . lana that 's right . when you get queasy ... go stand in the vestibule between the car . she kiss he cheek . he reluctantly board the train . her smile vanish . she hurry back to the next car , nod at Frank , board the train . Frank peel off he coverall , follow she on . angle - coach platform Laura 's husband step from the train , hold the deflate ninja turtle float ring . he look around , then walk toward the cab stand . the camera move with he , then hold on ... man reading newspaper - tight shot the headline say : shady vow blender vengeance on ravine ! under the headline be a picture of Max Shady ... muddy , bloody , greasy , clothes rip , cigar shred ... look off . the paper lower , revealing Max ... a batter mess , look off . he pick up a small violin case and quickly move toward the train as it start to pull out . we now see that the seat of Max 's pants have be rip out , he naked buttock scratch and scrape raw by the road . int . second coach car - day ned stare out the window ... apprehensive , nervous . Frank and lana enter at the opposite end of the coach . they spot ned , quickly ducking into a seat where they can observe he yet remain hide from view behind the tall seatback . int . first coach car - day Max walk through the car look for ned . he pause , puffing on he big cigar . a woman passenger look up and be shocked to see Max 's scrape bare butt hang out only inch away . woman passenger oh ! my dear gracious ! Max swivel around to look at she ... turn he bare behind toward a irritable man across the aisle . irritable man sir ! would you please extinguish that foul smell cigar ? max ( turn slowly ) you want I to put out my cigar ? you want I to put out my cigar ? you want I to put out my cigar ? irritable man yeah . max certainly . int . second coach car - day Max enter through the vestibule , without he cigar , stop in he track when he see ned . he smile to himself , then duck back into the lavatory . int . lavatory - day Max look at himself in the mirror . he 's a disaster . he open the violin case , pull out he trademark " ned ravine " gray suit on a hangar . it 's not even wrinkle . int . second coach car - day ned look pale ... sweat ... reacting tensely to every lurch and bump the train make . the feeble Old woman strain to pull she huge steamer trunk down the aisle , inch by inch , toward ned . angle on frank and lana lana peer over the seat , watch ned with a cruel smile . lana it 's already get to he . he will be out of that seat and into the vestibule within ten minute ... I guarantee it . int . lavatory - day Max be clean up , dress in the suit . he straighten he tie , slick he greasy hair back , stick a big cigar in he mouth and grin at himself in the mirror . max you talkin ' to I ? you talkin ' to I ? you ... talkin ' ... to ... I ? he reach into the violin case , pull out a complex assortment of metal part , assemble they swiftly . click ... SNAP ... clunk ! it 's a incredibly nasty look high - tech , automatic weapon with gigantic cartridge clip . he screw on a long silencer and point the gun at the ceiling . poof !... a muffle gunshot ! debris fall around he . he look up . he have blow a hole through the roof of the coach . he adjust the silencer volume Control , which have a scale from 1 through 11 . he turn it all the way down to " 0 " ... dead silent . he pull the trigger . the gun recoil , but there be absolutely no SOUND ! he have blow another hole in the ceiling . int . second coach car - day ned look across the aisle to see a gross slob pull all kind of strange food item from a paper bag , make a big , sloppy , disgusting sandwich that squirt and drip all over . ned turn away ... really queasy now . int . lavatory - day Max reach into the case , pull out a blender ! he plug it into the outlet and revs it a couple time , grin wickedly . int . second coach car - day Max step out of the lavatory and see the conductor come he way collect ticket . he quickly spin around , slide the door open and step into the vestibule between car . the conductor can not get past the Old woman , so he climb over the top of she trunk , with no think of help she . int . vestibule - day Max look out the side window , try to conceal the weapon in front of he . the conductor enter , see he . conductor ticket ? without turn , Max hold the ticket up over he shoulder . the conductor take it , punch it , notice the gun barrel . conductor sorry pal ... automatic weapon be only allow in the club car after nine p.m . Max turn , raise the gun with a nasty growl . the conductor casually snap a baggage tag to the barrel , take the gun . conductor I will check it with baggage . you can claim it at the depot in Santa Barbara . the conductor drop the weapon into a big mesh bag ... along with a dozen other gun he 's collect . he exit . Max whirl around face the window , eye fill with rage . now what ? int . second coach car - day a gun barrel slowly protrude between the seat in front of Frank and lana . they eye widen . suddenly , a stream of water hit Frank in the face ! he sputter . a little kid name jeff scramble into the aisle . jeff hi! I be Jeff and I be eight year old . didja know if ya put a penny on the track it will make the train crash ? no kiddin ' ! you ever be in a wreck ? my uncle have . lotsa time . it 's really neat . everybody get cream ! all bloody gut ... head rip off and stuff ... hey ... wanna hear my song " great Green gob of greasy grimy gopher gut " ? lana turn to Frank ... inspire . she lean toward Jeff . lana you want to earn a couple buck , kid ? angle on ned Jeff bounce into the seat across from ned . jeff hi! I be Jeff and I be eight year old . didja know if ya put a penny on the track it will make the train crash ? angle on frank and lana lana peer over the seat at ned . she smile . lana he 's lose it . you better get up to the next car . remember , give I the high sign as soon as you see the river . it will be two minute and nine second past the tunnel . I will take care of the rest . anything go wrong ... just make sure you back I up . ( grab he collar ) and do not let he see you . Frank get up , move down the aisle slowly , eye on ned . he can not squeeze past the Old woman , who be still struggle to pull she huge trunk down aisle . so ... he climb right over the top of it ... oblivious to she . Frank stare at ned warily as he get closer . suddenly , Jeff squirt a stream of water in ned 's eye . Frank see he chance , rush past ned toward the vestibule . int . vestibule - day Frank race through the vestibule behind Max 's back . by the time Max turn to see who 's there ... Frank be go . int . second coach car - day ned wipe the water from he eye , blink . he grab the squirt gun away from Jeff , hold it up angrily . ned this ... be not a toy ! jeff yes it be . a beat . ned realize he 's right . acting tough , he pull the plug and drain the water out of the gun , then toss it back to Jeff . without miss a beat , Jeff drop the empty water magazine from the grip and jam a full one in ... just like load a cartridge clip . he smirk , ready for action . in the aisle next to they , the Old woman now pull she trunk back toward the vestibule . Jeff point the squirt gun at she . suddenly , she whip around and squirt he in the face with she own squirt gun ! he sputter ! int . vestibule - day Max stare out the window , still seethe . behind he , the Old woman move into the vestibule , inch by inch , try to drag she trunk into the first coach car . Max turn , see she struggle and go to she aid . max here ... let I help you with that . he push the trunk into the first coach car , then very politely hold the door open for she . she smile sweetly at he as she shuffles through . old woman what a nice young man . you be so polite . max ( smile ) I try to be . int . second coach car - day Jeff be singing to ned ... to the tune of " the Old Gray mare . " jeff great green gob of greasy , grimy gopher gut ... mutilate monkey meat ... chop up dirty birdie 's foot ... one pint jar of all - purpose porpoise pus ... cook in a mulligan stew . ned turn queasy . the train lurch . he stiffen . int . first coach car - day the Old woman have unpack she huge trunk . she have hang up clothes ... set out a vase with flower ... hang up a big frame painting ... and turn on a floor lamp . she pull out a set of dumbbell , pump they a couple time ... and drop they on the floor with a loud clunk ! Frank watch she from he seat across the aisle with a blank expression ... only he eye move . the conductor punch the Old woman 's ticket , then hold out he hand , wait . she pull out a Smith &amp ; wesson .44 Magnum ... drop it in he bag . he wait . she pull out a uzi . ext . the track ahead - moving shot - day up ahead , we see a tunnel approach . omit sequence omit from original script . int . second coach car - day jeff ( still sing ) french fry eyeball and ugly scab you wanna pick ... stuff to make you mother sick ... dog poop on a stick ... puke and snot all mix together in a pot ... ned be look very pale and queasy . suddenly , Jeff jump up ... press he face against the window . jeff oh boy ! here come the tunnel ! ned can not take it anymore . he get up , pale and sweat . ext . track ahead - moving shot - day ... racing toward the tunnel ! int . second coach car - day lana see ned stumble shakily into the aisle , move toward the vestibule . lana Way to go , ned . right on time . the train enter the tunnel . everything go pitch black . a few beat , then ... light fill the car again as they emerge from the tunnel . lana look . ned be go ! she head down the aisle . int . first coach car - day the conductor be still tagging weapon as the Old woman come up with a ruger Mini 14 machine gun , a mauser c96 automatic handgun , a saw - off double - barrel .12 gauge shotgun ... and a old wooden slingshot . int . second coach car - day lana look through the small window into the vestibule and catch a glimpse of a gray suit . she duck back , lean against the lavatory door . int . lavatory - the mirror - day ned 's drip face rise up from the sink into view . he splashes more water on , try to overcome he queasiness . int . second coach car - day lana reach into she purse , pull out a gun . she look through the vestibule window into the first coach car , she eye search for Frank . int . first coach car - lana' Pov - day Frank poke he head out into the aisle , look toward lana . he wave at she . int . second coach car - day lana duck back , press herself against the lavatory door ... grip the gun , tense . int . lavatory - day ned start to open the door , then stop . he notice the violin case . open it . a couple of bullet roll around inside . then , he see the blender ... puzzle . int . second coach car - day lana lean forward , look through the vestibule window , watch desperately for Frank 's signal . int . first coach car - day Frank look out the window and see ... ext . the river - franks Pov it loom ahead . int . second coach car - day lana see Frank 's frantic signal . she raise the gun , pull the hammer back and step quickly into ... int . the vestibule - day Max hear someone enter . he stiffen ... int . second coach car - day ned step out of the lavatory . int . vestibule - day lana fire !... blow a hole right through Max and the window behind he ! she keep fire ! blam ! blam ! blam ! blam ! blam ! blam ! more bullet than the gun could ever possibly hold ! int . second coach car - day ned hear the gunshot and whirl around , look into the vestibule through the glass window , just as ... int . vestible - day ... Max turn to face lana , fill with bloody bullet hole . max you shootin ' at I ? shock to see it 's Max , lana empty the rest of the bullet into he ... blam ! blam ! blam ! blam ! Max be slammed back into the vestibule door by the impact ! max yeah ... you be definitely shootin ' at I . she fire one last shot ... blam !!! ext . train on bridge - day Max fly out the door , execute a perfect " full gainer with a triple twist and a half - tuck " ... a flawless Olympic style dive ... end with a dead body " belly flop " into the water ! int . first coach car - day Frank see Max hit the river and let out a loud " whoop ! " the Old woman shoot he a nasty look . he stifles himself . int . vestibule - day ned slide the vestibule door open ... step toward lana . in a daze , she raise the gun , point it at he , pull the trigger ... click ... click ... click . he take the gun from she gently . int . first coach car - day Frank jump up , rush forward . he skid to a stop ... see ned through the glass ! shock , he duck back . int . vestibule - day ned in this crazy world , there 's not a whole lot a guy can count on . but when the chip be down , I can always count on you . he take she hand gently and kiss it ... ned you risk you life to save mine . a guy can not ask any more from a woman than that . ... then , click ! he snap a handcuff on she wrist ! ned but I see you shoot he , lana . in cold blood . I gotta arrest you for murder . lana ned ... you would not ... ned sorry . I be a cop . I have a job to do . lana but ... you say it yourself . I save you life . ned do not worry , baby . I know a good lawyer . spinning newspaper whirl at we , snap to a stop in someone 's hand ... upside down . the hand turn it rightside up . the headline read : " cop arrest wife for murder !... will defend her in court ! " reverse angle the paper lower , revealing lola cain with a gratify smile . ext . CITY jail - day ned and Laura move up the step , surround by reporter and media people . question be be fire from all side . reporter # 1 what kind of gun do she use ? ned that 's a question for the arrest officer . reporter # 2 be not you the arrest officer ? ned you will have to ask she attorney . reporter # 1 but be not you she attorney ? ned only she husband can answer that . reporter # 3 what will Mrs. ravine be wear at the trial ? ned stop at the top of the stair , turn to the Reporters . ned a lovely powder blue dress with a cinch waist , full bodice and a delicately pleate skirt . reporter # 3 do it have a match jacket ? ned no comment . reporter # 3 be it cotton or rayon ? ned ( perturb ) I say ... no comment ! ned and Laura turn and enter the building . reporter # 1 ( call out ) do she eat any of the victim 's body part ? int . CITY jail build - entry corridor - day ned jeez ... they be really throw some tough question out there today . LAURA they be just do they job . ned yeah ... well I call it a " high - tech lynching of a uppity white housewife . " int . cavernous room - day it 's huge , dark and shadowy . more than a dozen heavily armed police officer stand guard all around the perimeter . in the center be a cell construct of iron bar , like a animal cage . ned and Laura enter . arch step over . ned ( see the cage ) what 's this ? arch only cell available . they have that serial killer lock up here ... you know , the one who talk he victim to death then eat they ... hannibal the lecturer . but they let he out for a three week tour to publicize he new book . arch hand he a hardbound book . ned ( read the cover ) " to serve man . " arch it 's a cookbook . ned flip it over . angle - the book - ned' Pov on the back be a picture of hannibal the lecturer ... wear a baseball catcher 's mask with barb wire over the mouth . back to scene arch and look , look ... he autograph it . arch pull the front cover of the book open , point . ned ( read it ) to arch ... Love to have you for dinner sometime ... hannibal . ( hand it back ) very nice . arch point toward the cage . arch they be wait for ya . they do not want to start without she attorney be present . close on lana - canted angle there 's a big moth on she mouth . the camera pull back slowly . a beat ... she spit the moth off , irritate . lana pffftt ! damn moth ! this place could use a good exterminator . Three police investigator sit opposite lana at a long table . moth flutter everywhere . investigator # 2 ( to Police Guard ) let 's get the swat team in here . ned , Laura and arch enter the cage as the Guard exit . lana can not you get I out of this cage , ned ? I be goin ' buggy in here . ned judge say no bail . do not worry . just tell the truth , you will be fine . he turn to the investigator . ned who 's gonna handle the interrogation ? investigator 1 it 's you collar ... you bust ... you call ... you show ... you play ... you move ... you wife ... ned okay , okay !... I will handle it . Laura sit at the far end of the table and open she notebook . lana pull out she mirrore compact , start to apply lipstick . investigator 2 sorry Mrs. ravine ... there 's no makeup allow in this building . he nod toward a warning sign : a circle around a lipstick with a diagonal line through it . she respond , cool , confident . lana what be you gonna do ... arrest I for primp ? in the b.g. , member of the swat team desperately swat at the flutter moth . ned spin he chair around , plant one foot on it , lean on he knee , look hard at lana . ned do not give we a tough time . just spill it ! what be you do on that train ? lana well ... ned raise he hand , sit down , lean close , change he tone . ned ( confidential ) as you attorney , I must advise you ... you do not have to answer that question . ned stand , pace , agitate ... plant he foot on the chair again . he lean toward she ... get tough again . ned alright , quit play game with we ! ( fire question ) who put ya up to it ? where would you get the gun ? what 's you link with the CIA ? lana I ... ned jump in , motion with he hand for this to stop . ned whoa whoa whoa whoa ! that 's it ! I will not tolerate this unwarranted badger of my client . she will have she day in court , gentleman . he slam he briefcase shut and turn to lana , sincere . ned I want to thank you , Mrs. ravine , for be so cooperative with this gentleman . ( turn to Laura ) do you get all that down , Laura . every word she say ? LAURA yep . both of them . ext . ned' house - backyard - day the camera move in to a wire mesh cage at the very back of the yard . a small sign on it say : ned junior . the door be open . the cage be ... empty ! ext . amusement park - day lola ride the roller coaster with lana 's pet skunk . she laugh maniacally as they plunge down a steep grade ! the skunk stand stiffly on she lap , he paw plant on the guard rail , eye bulg out !... he fur stand straight up ! int . ned' house - day ned hesitates at the front door . it 's open a crack . he move inside cautiously . there be a strange bubbling SOUND come from the kitchen . he move toward it ... apprehensive . he enter the kitchen and sees ... a huge bubbling pot on the stove , foam spilling over from under the lid ! his mind reel ! he charge out the back door . ext . back of house - day ned burst out the back door ... camera tracking with he foot as he dash across the huge back yard ... music pounding ! he sees the empty animal cage ! the door be open . a fuzzy blanket hang halfway out . shock , ned spin around ... run back toward the house ... camera tracking he feet , struggle to keep up . the camera slam into a tree !... cracking the lens ! int . ned' house - the kitchen - day ned burst in ... sees the bubbling pot !... a huge butcher knife on the counter !... and lola , arm outstretch to greet he . ned no ! lola yes . ned nooooo ! lola yes ! ned noooooooooooooo !!! she whip the cover off the bubbling pot . lola yes ! cappelini pomodoro ! ned what ? she lift up pasta with a spaghetti spoon ... toss a sprig of basil into the pot from the basil - leaf crown she wear . lola pasta with tomato sauce . whatsa matta ? you do not like italian ? ned where 's ned junior ? where be he ?! lola I think he might like to get out , so I take he to the amusement park . he grab lola 's arm and drag she toward the front door . ned you can not just break into my house , cook my food ... borrow my skunk ! ( open the door ) leave I alone . stay out of my face ! out of my neighborhood ! out of my life ! she step outside ... turn to he . lola you have not see the last of I , ned . he slam the door in she face ... hesitates a beat , curious ... then pull the door open . lola 's still there . lola I tell you . ned slam the door again . ext . courthouse step - day it 's a media circus ! vendor sell " trial balloon " balloon . PRESS photographer cluster around a squad of cheerleader wear sweater emblazon with " free lana or bust ! " across they chest . they perform a rouse cheer in front of a sign on the building that read ... " le courthouse " . cheerleader ( with choreography ) lana , lana , she 's the one shot a bad guy with a gun blew that sucker off a train some guy be a friggin ' pain yaaaaaaaaaaaaay lana ! a BBC commentator speak to a tv camera . commentator once again , Americans be make a mockery of they court , turn a murder trial into a media circus ! how can justice ever prevail when it be ridicule and revile in such a heinously revolting manner ? this be clement von franckenstein return you to we BBC studio in London for the latest photograph of Lady Di naked in the bath . ned and Laura push they way through the crush of reporter . int . courtroom - day spectator pour through several turnstile , shove in they token . tv camera have be set up to broadcast the trial . a uniformed theater usher escort jury member in , check they ticket , hand they program and direct they to they seat . ned and Laura sit at the defense table , next to lana ... who be oblivious to everything , deeply engross in a pocket video game . ned look toward the gallery and do a disturb take . it 's lola !... sit in the back row wear a tailore suit , large brimm hat with dark veil ... and a skunk skin stole drape around she shoulder ! dizzy sit next to she , play softly on a mute sax . angle - broadcast booth a sportscaster deliver play- by-play of the action . sportscaster what a great day for a trial ! we have lot of incandescent lighting , seventy - two degree inside ... and no wind ! angle - courtroom bailiff oy vay ! oy vay ! Superior Court of Los Angeles be now in session . and here he be ... direct from a triumphant one - week engagement in Las Vegas circuit Court ... the honorable ... the venerable ... the totally irrepressible ... judge harlan skan - kyyyyyyy ! flash " applause " sign and flash " all rise " audience prompter . everyone give the judge a stand ovation . angle - broadcast booth sportscaster wow ... have this defense team be hot ! thirty - seven straight victory this year ! let 's go down for the coin toss . angle - courtroom the bailiff flip a coin , motion to the prosecutor . sportscaster ( v.o. ) the prosecution win the flip of the coin and elect to kick thing off . int . courtroom - later the prosecutor deliver she impassion open statement . prosecutor ... the prosecution will prove that this repulsive and degenerate woman coldly murder a decent , law-abide citizen ... ned ( jump up ) objection ! move to strike . hearsay , irrelevant , stupid , idiotic , caca - doody poo-poo ... judge skanky sustain . int . courtroom - later Laura be on the stand . ned hand she a sheet of paper . ned and can you tell we what this be ? LAURA yes . it 's a death threat that Max Shady fax to you on the day he be release from prison . ned snatch it back , pace , fold it into a paper airplane . ned a fax in which he threaten to puree certain part of my anatomy in a blender ! I would like to submit this into evidence . prosecutor ( jump up ) objection ! who care about the fax in this case ? judge skanky I will allow it . ned sail the paper plane toward the court clerk , who be at a evidence table already pile high with tag gun , appliance , knickknack , auto part and other junk . the plane sail toward a open window . the clerk grab it ... go out the window with the plane ! ext . courthouse lawn - day the cheerleader lead the spectator in a exuberant cheer . cheerleader u-g-l -y ! you be not get no alibi ! you be ugly ! yeah , you be ugly ! m-a - m- a ! how you think you get that way ? you mama ! yeah , you mama ! in the b.g. , the Court clerk plummet to the ground , then stagger to he foot , and stumble ... daze ... back toward the courthouse . int . courtroom - later one of the juror watch a " dick van dyke " re-run on a small portable tv monitor , oblivious to the testimony . in the b.g. , the batter clerk stumble back in with the paper plane . the conductor be on the stand . ned hold up a blender . ned and be this the blender you find in the lavatory of the train ? conductor yes ... it be . ned I would like this mark as evidence . the bailiff reach out , ned wave he off ... instead , toss the blender over several head to the Court clerk ... who run to catch it , crashing into the wall . the blender fall , shatter . angle - broadcast booth sportscaster awwwww ... a bad call by ravine . let 's check out the re-play . on the re-play screen we see the action repeat in slow motion as the sportscaster draw line , circle , x's and squiggle . sportscaster look at that ! the bailiff be wide open ! but instead of hand it off , ravine go for the long bomb . ohhhh ! the pass be wide ! a real wobbler ! there 's no way ! he scramble , but he just can not get he hand on it ... and right there !... ( freeze the frame ) ... wham ! that blender be go ! int . courtroom - later at the defense table , Laura glance over at lana , who be casually browsing through a copy of gal &amp ; gun magazine . Laura react , then , try to be as diplomatic as possible ... LAURA ned ... do you ever consider that maybe you do not know woman as well as you think you do ? prosecutor ( o.s. ) now would you tell the court , in you own word , what you say to Mr. ravine ? they both look toward the witness stand . ned be shake . ned ( whisper ) I be really worried about this guy . he could blow we whole case right out of the water . angle - witness stand - moment later Jeff , the little boy from the train be on the witness stand . the prosecutor stand by , listen as ... jeff ( sing ) great green gob of greasy grimy gopher gut ... mutilate monkey meat ... itsy -bitsy birdie foot ... great green gob of greasy grimy gopher gut ... and I without a spoon ! the juror turn pale and reach for the air sickness bag in front of they . the courtroom erupt . the judge pound he gavel loudly . jeff ( point at lana ) that lady pay I two buck to sing it to he ...! but no one hear this in all the confusion . the judge , also look ill now , bang he gavel again . judge skanky recess ! ten minute ! ext . playground - day the judge , jury , attorney and spectator be all play on the swing , teeter - totter , monkey bar ... have a blast ! ned and the prosecutor play " dodge-ball . " Laura cheer ned on . the prosecutor rocket the ball at ned ... and just miss ! prosecutor gotcha , dork face ! gotcha , gotcha ! LAURA no you do not ! ned no way ! uh-uh ! miss by a mile ! the bailiff step into close up , blow a whistle loudly ! bailiff recess be over ! let 's go ... move it , move it , move it ! int . broadcast booth - later march band music fade off-screen . sportscaster there they go ... the ucla march Band ! and now ... Holy Toledo !... it look like the victim 's mother ... helen Shady ... be gonna take the stand ! this will be the first defensive play of the afternoon . int . courtroom - same time Mrs. Shady be on the stand . ned pace . ned Mrs. Shady ... would you tell we about you son , Max . be he a ... a good boy ? mrs . shady he be the best . and that 's not just a mother talk . you can ask anybody . ned but he get into trouble once in awhile ... like all kid do ? mrs . shady well , you know , prank . Little joke and thing . but he be so cute . I have picture ! she reach down into she huge purse , pull out a photo album . she open it , show ned . mrs . shady here . this be when he set the cat on fire ... ( then , assure he ) oh ... but the cat deserve it . ned ( look , point ) and what , uh ... what be this ...? mrs . shady marshmallow . he just love to toast marshmallow over a roaring cat . burn on the outside ... all soft in the middle . ( turn page ) and right here ... this be take on the day he leave the priesthood to join the Green beret . angle - the jury they rise slowly out of they seat , craning they neck , try to see the photo . back to scene ned be now seat next to Mrs. Shady in the witness box , look at the photo album with she . judge skanky peer over the side of the bench . ned this be cute . mrs . shady ( laugh , delighted ) oh yes ! that be during he ku klux klan phase . he would take the sheet right off my bed ... cut that little hole in they . what a stitch he be ! angle - the spectator be now on they foot , all strain to catch a glimpse of the photo in the album . back to scene ned and be this Max ... with all the tool ... fix he bike ? she snatch the photo out of the album . mrs . shady why that should not even be in there ! it 's he rotten little half - brother . ( rip up photo ) stinkin ' little pecker ... he never be any good ... angle - broadcast booth the sportscaster be push he face against the broadcast booth glass , try to see what everyone 's look at . back to scene mrs . shady ( point at another ) oh ! I do not like this neo - Nazi boy . they be all so fussy and persnickety about everything . Heil this and heil that . ( flip the page ) oh look ... here 's Max with he chainsaw . he love to go to the national park and cut down that giant old tree . it make he feel so patriotic . you know , if he have not be such a successful criminal ... I think he would have be a lumberjack . the Court clerk , bailiff and Court recorder have all move around behind the witness stand , peer over Mrs. Shady 's shoulder at the photo . mrs . shady ( tearful , angry ) but now he will never be anything ! not since ... ( stand up , point ) ... that woman , you wife , pull the trigger and put my little Max in he grave ! judge skanky Mrs. Shady ! do not point you finger in my courtroom . it 's discourteous , impolite and disrespectful . mrs . shady do not you tell I what to do with my finger ! it 's be more place than you have ever dream of ! judge skanky ( bang gavel ) sit down ! mrs . shady I will point my finger wherever I want ! Mrs. Shady go berserk ... leaping from the witness stand , point several different finger at judge skanky . the bailiff attempt to restrain she , but she break free ... scurrying around the courtroom , point finger at everyone ! chaos prevail ! int . courtroom - later the irritable man from the train be on the stand ... Max 's huge cigar stick in he ear ! the hair around he ear be scorched . ned do you encounter the victim ... Max Shady ... on board the train ? irritable man yeah . and I tell he ... " this be the no smoking car ! would you please put out you damn cigar ! " ned and be that the cigar in you ear ? the man strain to see the cigar out of the corner of he eye . impatient , ned finally hold up a small pocket mirror . irritable man I believe it be . ned I would like the cigar and the head of this witness enter into evidence . the bailiff pick up the irritable man and dump he on the evidence table , where he be tag by the Court clerk . ned the defense call ... lana ravine ! int . courtroom - later lana be on the stand . the bailiff swear she in . bailiff do you swear to tell the truth , the whole truth and nothing but the truth so help you God ? lana ( look to judge ) do I have to answer that , harlan ? judge skanky no , no dear . I will vouch for she . ned approach . ned now , Mrs. ravine ... may I call you lana ? lana no. call I angel tit . prosecutor I object ! judge skanky sustain . counselor ... you will address angel tit as Mrs. ravine . ned ( after a beat ) Mrs. ravine ... would you please tell the court ... what be you do on that train ? lana I see Max Shady at the station ... see he get on board . I know he would make threat to kill you and mutilate you reproductive organ ... ned and every male in the courtroom wince at this , double over in imagine agony . lana pause , then continue ... lana ... so I get on the train too ... so I could warn you . ned do you want to have child ? lana someday . with the right man . ned but you could not have child if my ... ( make a gesture ) ...were ... ( another gesture ) ...and , uh ... lana it would be difficult . ned so you follow he , know you have to protect I ... you husband ... you best friend ... the man you love ... the future father of you child . lana something like that . ned and when you see that maniac stand in the vestibule , wait to pulverize my pee-pee ... you pull the gun and fire and fire and fire ! lana and fire and fire and fire and fire and fire and fire and fire ... she pause to count off on she finger , then ... lana ... and fire and fire and fire . ned the defense rest , you honor . int . courtroom - later the courtroom artist have be sketching intensely throughout the trial . we finally see ... he 's be sketching a BOWL of fruit on the Court recorder 's desk . ned pick up some fruit from the bowl and approach the defense table . ned how can you convict a courageous woman who risk everything to save the life of she beloved husband ? a woman who act boldly to stop a dement maniac from do this !... ned shove the banana and two plum into a demonstration blender on the defense table . he hit the puree button and the blender whirr loudly ! ned ( shout over ) ... pulverize the private part of the man she love ! all male in the courtroom react with pain expression , cring and double - over . ned turn the blender off . ned ( directly to jury ) lana ravine be a loving wife and the potential mother of my potential child . I challenge you to strike a blow for motherhood and the american justice system ! put the " con " back in the constitution . put the " ju " back in jurisprudence . put the " can " back in american . and put the " dom " back in freedom . find this woman innocent !... so we can all go to bed happy tonight ! int . PRESS room - later a reporter open the door mark PRESS room . Inside , a dozen reporter press they pants on a dozen irone board . reporter the jury 's back ! the Reporters scramble for the door , pull they pants on ! int . courtroom - later the camera follows a fold piece of paper as the juror pass it along to the foreman ... who hand it to the bailiff ... who hand it to the judge . he unfold it , read it ... then wink flirtatiously at the female juror who write it . she blushes . judge skanky ( back to business ) so ... have the jury reach a verdict ? jury foreman ( stand up ) yes we have , you honor . judge skanky how do you find the defendant ... on the count of manslaughter ? jury foreman not guilty . judge skanky on the count of murder in the first degree ? jury foreman not guilty . judge skanky on the Count of monte cristo ? jury foreman not guilty . a boisterous clamor in the court . the electronic sign flash " not guilty ! " ... " not guilty ! " ... " not guilty ! " judge skanky good . then on the count of three , let 's all get the hell out of here ! one ... two ... the jury and spectator start to rise . the judge hesitates , gavel poise , shoot they a warning look . judge skanky wait ... for ... it ... everyone freeze halfway out of they seat ... wait . judge skanky two and a half ... three ! he smack he gavel . everyone scatter for the door , but judge skanky beat they out of the room . lana turn cool , drop she courtroom facade . she pluck off she earring , unbutton the neck of she dress , reach in and magically pull out she bra , toss it away . lana well , counselor , look like you win another case . lucky for I . two legal aide sneak up behind ned and dump a big plastic barrel of gatorade can over he head ! bailiff ( o.s. ) ( over P. A. system ) attention courtroom shopper ! all trial evidence now on sale . forty to sixty percent off all exhibit ! everything must go ! they turn to see : spectator and juror browse through the clutter of junk in front of the Court clerk on the evidence table . a irritable woman claim the irritable man , grab the cigar from he ear and throw it down . irritable woman I tell you , Bernard ... smoking cigar be bad for you hearing ! she pull he away as lana step up , with a cigarette dangle from she lip . lana pick up she gun and spin the cylinder . it 's load . the batter Court clerk limp over , smile . court clerk Mrs. ravine ! what can I do for ya ? lana how much for my gun ? Laura see this ... turn to ned with a look of shock . LAURA I do not believe it ! she just buy she gun back ! the gun she use to kill a man ! ned look off toward lana with admiration . ned yeah ... the same gun that save my life . I be sure it have sentimental value . as lana wade into the crowd of reporter , some still without pants , the camera move to lola , who be watch lana from the back of the courtroom . lola pull a small cord hang from the side of she hat ... open she veil like window drape . she 's not happy . int . franks garage - day Frank lay on a mechanic 's " creeper " , work under a car . lana step between he foot . he hear she and roll out , he crotch slide to a stop against she leg . he look up , cover with black grease . frank so ... you do it . ya beat the rap . lana no thanks to you . he get to he foot , cocky . frank hey ... I know he would spring ya . she walk toward he , she voice cold , accuse . he back up . lana you do not lift a finger , Frank . you let I take all the heat . frank heeeee -eeey ... what could I do ? lana pull the gun from she purse , point it at he . lana you be gonna let I rot in the slammer ... never say a thing . frank look ... you be out ... free . now we be together . that 's what count . we can try again ! forget triple indemnity . we will whack he and split three mile . lana I be not split anything , Frank . ( cock the gun ) and you know too much . frank ( arrogant ) come on , lana . you be not gonna shoot I . he brashly turn he back to she , put some tool away . she see a huge electric power screwdriver on the workbench next to she , smile diabolically . she lower the gun . lana you be right . ( then , seductive ) maybe I will just screw you to death . he laugh arrogantly ... start to unbutton he shirt . frank now you be talkin ' baby . ext . the garage window - day we see lana 's silhouette on the window as she raise the big power screwdriver and turn it on . whirr-r-r-r-r-r-r-r-r-r! the camera whip around and push in to ... lola watch the murder from she car . there be a ... flash ! then another ! and another ! we be ... int . the garage - later a police photographer take flash picture of the crime scene . the coroner , cop , forensic men ... all do they thing . ned and arch amble in , look around . arch be eat nachos . forensic man watch you step , guy . there 's a lot of blood . throughout this scene , in the b.g. , the milling cop and investigator slip on all the blood , as if on slick ice , and fall out of frame , they arm and leg flail helplessly ! one of the coroner 's investigator approach arch and ned . investigator look like a suicide . we find a note . he hold up a roll piece of paper with a pair of tweezers . ned take it , try to unroll it . investigator it be stick up he nose . ned hand it off to arch , who casually unroll it . the investigator slip , arm wave , and fall out of frame . arch ( read it ) " I can not take it anymore . I be a mediocre mechanic ... and a lousy lover . " ned he 's sure get that right . arch give ned a very strange look . ned feel he stare . ned the " mechanic " part , I mean . in the b.g. , various cop pair up to have they picture take by the Police crime scene photographer ... pose , grin . ned ( stare at the body ) I do not know why , arch , but I just can not shake this crazy hunch it be not suicide . the camera move behind ned on he line , revealing Frank ... pin to the wall by the power screwdriver stick in he back ! it 's still run ... vibrate with a grinding hum . ned reach out and turn the screwdriver off . int . ned' house - day ned enter , pause . he hear voice . he go to the live room . lana and lola turn to see he in the doorway . he be shocked . lana look shake . but lola be cool ... in control . lana oh ... uh , ned ... this be lola , um ... ned ( nervous , defensive ) um ? she tell you she name be um ? and what other lie do she tell you ? I have never see this woman in my life ! never follow she home ! never have sex with she in the refrigerator ! it 's all a sick fantasy ... and I deny everything ! he turn to lola . ned when will woman like you learn , you can not tear apart a perfectly good marriage with you vicious lie ... miss ummmm ! lola actually ... it 's Smith . lola Smith . I sell vacuum cleaner , Mr. ravine . the big powerful kind that suck up everything in sight . I be just tell you wife , if she want to get rid of all she dirt , she have to be willing to pay the price . she turn to lana with a cold and contemptuous glare . lola let I know what you decide , Mrs. ravine . I be sure we can work out a convenient " payment " plan . a pleasure meeting you ... ned . lola exit . as soon as the door close , lana whirl around in a fury !... smashing a lamp ! she shriek furiously ! lana I ... hate ... salesmen ! he put he arm around she , comforting . ned I know it 's be a tough ordeal ... with the trial and everything . tell you what ... let 's take a trip . lana a trip ? ned yeah . just the two of we . lana ( darkly inspire ) I like that . just you and I ... all alone . I will start pack . ned great. listen ... I get something to take care of . I will be back in awhile . he kiss she and exit . lana turn to look up toward the landing , a vengefully insane smile clouding she face . int . lola' house - dusk a demand knock at the door . lola hesitates at the door . lola who be it ? the door crash OPEN ! ned be silhouett in the doorway . he look really piss ! lola turn and run . ned sprint after she , leaping through the air ... bring she down with a tackle ! ned I just want to talk . lola why do not you say so ? her foot shoot out , smash he right in the face ... wham ! she jump up and scramble away . ned pursue she . she grab a bottle of scotch from the counter , spin around . lola would you like a drink ? she throw the bottle ! he duck and it shatter on the wall ! ned no thanks . I be drive . she whirl on one foot , nail he in the head with a flying spin kick ! he stumble back , daze . she grab a ice pick . lola then let 's get to the point ! lola charge ! ned roll onto he back , jam both foot into she stomach , heaving she up over he ... through the air ! she slam into the wall !... then slowly turn ... still cool and collect . she raise a cigarette ... light it with the ice pick " lighter . " lola so what 's you problem , tough guy ? ned stay away from my life , my wife , my home and my pet ! I be take lana on a vacation and when I come back , I do not ever want to see you face again ! he shove she against the wall ... the cigarette fly away . lola ( shocked ) a vacation ! she do not deserve a vacation ! she 's a brat ! a bad girl ! she always be and always will be ! he grab she by the shoulder , shaking she . ned what be you talk about ? you do not know anything about lana ? lola I know everything ! ned ( shake she hard ) how do you know she ? who be she to you ? tell I ! she clam up . he slap she . ned who be she ! lola she 's you wife ! ned ( slap she again ! ) who be she !? lola she 's my sister ! ned ( slap she again ) liar ! who be she ? lola she 's you wife ! he raise he hand to slap she hard . ned who be she ! she slap he ! lola she 's my sister ! she continue to slap he ... back and forth ... repeat she answer ... " she 's you wife " ... " she 's my sister ! " ... " you wife ! " ... " my sister ! " ... " wife ! " ... " sister ! " he reach a boil point , raise two finger , prepare to give she the Three stooge " two - finger eye poke . " she block it with she hand and shove he away . then , she execute a perfect Three stooge " wiggly - hand head slap " , tell he ... lola she 's you wife ... and my sister ! ned be stunne . music thunder dramatically ! lana click the stereo off . the music stop . lola she be spoiled rotten ! she steal everything I ever have . everything ! include he . ned him ? who , he ? lola dwayne . the boy 's gym teacher . he be older . so mature ... so strong . he smell like dirty sweat sock and old basketball . and he be all mine . for awhile . ( turn bitter ) but lana be not satisfied with she own thing . she have to have mine too . she take it all ... my makeup , my sweater , my shoe , my underwear ... ned you wear the same clothes ? lola we be identical twin . ned what be you talk about ? you two do not look anything alike . lola not anymore . one day I catch she steal my lavender eye shadow and she smashed my face in with a shovel . I have fifty - three operation . when the doctor be finish with I ... I look like this ! I be ugly . ugly ! ned you be beautiful . lola do not lie to I . ned they do a terrific job ! lola I look in the mirror . I can see ! ned but ... you be gorgeous ! lola tell that to dwayne . when he see my face , he leave I for her ... because she look more like I than I do ! first she steal my look ... then she steal the only man who ever love I ! she come toward he ... feel in control once more . lola but I find a way to get even . the best revenge possible . destroy she marriage ! ned that 's why you do all this ? seduce I ... harrass I ... the tape ... the flower ... the phone call ... lola you be hangin ' out with Dick Tracy , have not ya ? ned it will not work . lana love I . lola it do not matter . I be blackmail she for everything she 's worth . she murder that greasy auto mechanic . I see she do it . ned ( stunne ) lana kill Frank kelbo ? lola ( also stunne ) kelbo ! his name be kelbo ? ned yeah . why ? do he burn you on car repair too ? lola dwayne 's name be kelbo . he have a son . frankie kelbo. int . ned be car - night ned wander to he car , climb in , sit there ... stunne . ned ( v.o. ) the piece of the puzzle be fall into place and I do not like the picture they be make . if lana really kill Frank kelbo , then I have misjudge she by a mile . sure ... he be a lousy mechanic . but murder ? ned rub he temple , shut he eye . ned ( v.o . ) it be all start to give I a headache bigger than the national deficit . int . lola' house - night " in-a-gadda - Da - vida " play on the stereo . lola sit on the floor by a end table , eye daze , stare blankly . a lamp with a " clapper " switch sit on the table . as the camera move in slowly to she , she absently " clap " the light off ... then on ... then off ... then on ... then off ... int . ned' house - night close on female hand use a keyhole see to cut through a railing on the second floor landing above the foyer . outside ... the SOUND of a car ... headlight ! the saw stop . ext . ned' house - night ned pull up . the house be dark and ominous . so be the music . int . ned' house - night the front door be open a crack . he cautiously push it and the door cr-e-a-k-s open very slowly . the door stop , but the loud creaking continue . ned touch it lightly with the tip of he finger . the creaking stop . ned lana ? ned move up the stair . the camera boom up with he , holding on a ecu of the partially severe railing . int . bathroom - night ned enter . hot water gush from the faucet into a clawfoot bathtub . he turn the water off , look around , puzzle . loosen he tie , rub he head . a split headache . open the medicine cabinet and ... screech ! yeow ! crash ! a cat leap out !... dart away . there 's a noise from downstairs . int . the kitchen - moment later someone be pounding on the door . ned enter and open it . it 's Laura . LAURA ned ! I be glad you be here . I have so much to tell you . ned come on in . I will make some tea . grab a chair . LAURA thanks ... I bring my own . she drag a chair in behind she , sit at the kitchen table . ned put a kettle on the burner , turn it on . he start search through the cupboard for teabag . ned so ... what have you get ? LAURA a lottery ticket and a laundry receipt . ( lay they on table ) I find they in the pocket of that suit you wear the night you be work under cover with a client . ned freeze , stare out the window , unable to face she . LAURA you remember that night , do not ya ned ? then it hit I . lottery start with l-o . Laundry start with l-a. l- o ... l-a. lola . ned turn to she when he hear lola 's name ... look baffle by this convolute piece of logic . LAURA ( shrug it off ) do not sweat it . it 's the way a woman 's mind work . he turn back to the cupboard , pick up a container . ned how about ovaltine ? LAURA Fine . then I remember you tell I some guy name Frank have be work on you wife 's car for two month . you with I so far ? ned I be way ahead of you . he bring the ovaltine container to the table . LAURA well back it up . you probably take a wrong turn . remember you insurance policy ... the one we could not find ? I start think , who else have access to it beside you and I ? the answer come up ... lana . and since she 's a woman , it 's probably hide right here . a huge ceramic cookie jar sit on the table in front of they . Laura smashes it with she fist , break it open ! cookie spill out ... and the insurance policy . ned so that 's where she hide the oreos . he sit down ... start eat oreos ... twist they apart . LAURA ned , lana be not try to save you life when she shot Max Shady . she and Frank be plotting to kill you and collect on you insurance policy . but she shot the wrong guy . ned that 's the craziest thing I ever hear . LAURA ( she press on ) do not you see ... Frank be go to let she take the fall . so she murder he and try to make it look like suicide . ( beat ) that 's when I realize there be a connection between lola and lana ... ned yeah ... they be sister . twin sister . LAURA well , hang on to you jock strap , ned . there 's more . she unroll a complex genealogical chart ... walk he through it . LAURA not only be Frank 's father dwayne kelbo , notoriously amorous gym teacher and lola cain 's former lover ... Frank 's mother be helen Shady . Max and Frank be half - brother who never meet . Laura pause dramatically , then announce . LAURA you lovely wife , lana , murder both of helen Shady 's son . ned this be so unbelievable . LAURA and you have not even hear my story . int . house - upstair landing - night the keyhole see cut through the railing . the camera reveal lana , eye fill with machiavellian rage . she enter the bathroom , lay the see blade down . suddenly ... a pair of hand plunge into frame , grab she by the throat ! we go with her as she be push back into the tub , the hand force she head under water . lana grab a diving mask , clamp it over she face . one of the attack hand rip it away ! lana grab a snorkel , stick it in she mouth . the hand pull it from she , toss it aside . the hand shove a little rubber duckie into lana 's mouth ! lana struggle , finally go limp . her open eye stare up from beneath the water . the last few bubbles rise to the surface . int . kitchen - same time LAURA he turn into a monster . and that 's when I leave he . I just could not ... the tea kettle whistle ! Laura pull it off the burner . the whistling subside ... replace by the distant SOUND of water run upstairs . ned cock he head , listen . ned that damn faucet keep turn on all by itself . I will go check it . LAURA okay . I will make the ovaltine . ned exit . Laura open the ovaltine container . it 's empty . a dark shadow move past the window behind Laura . suspense music . Laura open the cupboard . pigeon explode out , wing beat furiously ! she catch she breath , look in the cupboard . the can and box be cover with pigeon shit . she shove they aside , look for the ovaltine . int . foyer - same time ned look up toward the light from the bathroom . Water seep over the edge of the landing and down the step . as he move up the step , the SOUND of music ... the familiar strain of " in-a- gadda - da- vida " ... grow louder and louder . int . bathroom - same time it 's fill with steam . he wave the steam away ... startled to see lana 's lifeless body beneath the water , the rubber duckie jamme into she mouth . the tub overflow on the floor . he turn the faucet off . the water stop ... and so do the music . puzzle , he turn the faucet on . the music start . turn it off . the music stop . int . kitchen - same time as Laura turn away to enter the pantry ... she husband 's twisted face suddenly appear in the kitchen window ! int . bedroom - same time ned enter . the music be come from the closet . ned yank the door open ! a flock of pigeon burst out !... revealing a guest musician play a instrument . guest musician I be sittin ' in for dizzy . he have a gig tonight . ned shut the door , eye shifting . lola must be near . int . pantry off kitchen - same time Laura search the large walk - in pantry for tea bag . she hear a loud crash of breaking glass in the kitchen ... stop and listen ... then casually shrug it off . int . kitchen - same time Laura 's husband stand in the kitchen . the back door be open ... the window shattered . he sees ... the kitchen towel hang sloppily on the rack ! the disorganize clutter of can and box in the cupboard ! we push in to he wildly insane eye ! int . upstair landing - same time as ned enter the upstairs landing , we hear voice in he mind . ned ( echoing v.o. ) woman be a open book . you can always tell the rotten apple from the peach . I would stake my career on it ... stake my career on it ... stake my career on it ... the repetitive echo get to he . he smack he head with the palm of he hand . the skip stop ... follow by ... ned ( echoing v.o. ) ... if anyone ever prove I wrong , I will throw away my badge . in the darkness a woman 's hand unroll a leather kit ... the " U - pick a Ice pick porta - pik - pak ! " ... with seven ice pick in separate slot , each label with a day of the week . the hand select " Wednesday 's " ice pick , pull it out . then ... bong ... bong ... bong ... bong ...! canted angle on - a grandfather clock it chime loudly . it 's twelve midnight ! the hand return the ice pick to its slot , select the one for Thursday . int . kitchen - same time Laura come out of the pantry . she stop ... gasp ! everything in the cupboard be neatly stack ! all the towel be straight ! she whirl around ... come face to face with she husband ! he smile demonically , hold up the ninja turtle float ring . laura' husband forget something , sweetheart ? int . upstair landing - same time ned near the bathroom door and suddenly ... a piercing scream ! lola charge , a ice pick raise over she head ! she knock he backward , into the bathroom , slashing at he . but he deflect the attack , grab at she arm . int . kitchen - same time Laura back away from she husband . he hold she wedding ring . laura' husband you forget to flush , darling . int . upstair landing - same time as ned and lola continue they violent struggle ... lola grab toiletry to aid in she attack . she squirt ned with shaving cream ... squeeze toothpaste in he hair ... and throw bath powder in he face ! ned be blind . gain the advantage , lola shove he back , slamm he head into the wall . he 's daze , helpless . lola raise the ice pick , move forward to strike ! but ned grab a hair blower and swing it around , point it at she like a gun ! she freeze ... then smile contemptuously . lola what be you gonna do , ned ? blow I away ? she laugh arrogantly . ned click on the hair blower to high , a blast of hot AIR hit lola 's face , puffing she cheek out , push she back , hair fly wildly ! her backside hit the railing where lana have cut it ... the wood splintering ! lola tumble over backward , scream ! she hang suspend in mid-air for a moment , like a cartoon character , arm flail . then ... whoom !... she fall to the marble floor below , hit with a loud thud ! int . the kitchen - same time Laura 's husband hear lola fall , turn . Laura grab the iron skillet and clobber he with it ! bong ! he go down . LAURA I never forget anything ... honey . int . upstair landing - same time ned stare at the hair blower in he hand . fill with disgust and revulsion , he throw the " weapon " down . int . kitchen - same time Laura pull two revolver from she purse ... spin they like John Wayne ... expertly toss one over she back , catch it in front ! she head for the foyer . int . foyer - a moment later - on lola' body Laura pause , look down at lola 's body ... notice something . she push lola 's skirt a bit higher with the toe of she shoe . LAURA ( outrage ) that be my panty ! she look up ... see a light emanate from the bathroom . on the landing Laura move through the shadow ... stop outside the bathroom , press she back against the wall , gun up and ready . she swivel into the doorway ... take a shooter 's stance ... gun point ! she see ... lana ... submerge in the tub , face up , the rubber duckie in she mouth . Laura step back and turn ... right into a thing cover in white ! startle , she shriek ! ned drop the white towel he 's use to wipe off all of the shave cream and toothpaste . relieved to see it 's ned , she throw she arm around he ! LAURA oh ned ! ned you be right ... there 's a million thing I do not know about woman . maybe you can teach I a few hundred . he pull out he police badge , look at it . ned Hell ... I have too many career anyway . he toss it away , over the railing . int . foyer - ecu lola - same time the badge drop from above , landing on the floor right in front of lola 's lifeless face . a beat . her eye pop open ! int . bathroom - ecu on bath water - same time suddenly , the rubber duckie pop to the surface . on the landing Laura hug ned again , arm lock around he neck , still grip a gun in each hand . LAURA oh ned , I love you . I always love you ! int . foyer lola sit bolt upright , bloody but still bouncy . int . bathroom lana suddenly sit up in the tub , inhale a huge gasp of air , she eye wild ! int . kitchen - night Laura 's husband 's eye pop OPEN ! he sit up suddenly ... smash he head into the sharp corner of the kitchen table ! he topple back slowly ... really dead ! finally . int . the staircase lola 's foot move steadily up each stair ... she bloody hand grasp the ice pick . int . bathroom floor - low angle lana 's foot step out of the tub , water drip all around . she pick up the point see from the floor . on the landing ned and Laura still embrace , she forearm crisscross behind he neck . it 's be a long embrace . suddenly , lana and lola both appear , scream like banshee ! lana charge from the bathroom , grasp the sharp see blade ! lola race at they from the stairway ... with the ice pick ! without miss a beat , Laura raise the barrel of both gun and fire at they simultaneously ... right next to ned 's ear . the impact of one bullet knock lana all the way back through the bathroom , crashing spectacularly out the window ! the other bullet send lola flipping down the staircase ! ned look stunne , he eye cross ... the thunder gunshot still ringing in he ear . Laura proudly blow the gunsmoke away from the end of each barrel . LAURA get them ! ned ( deafen ) what ? LAURA I say ... I got ' em ! ned huh ?!!! LAURA ( yell ) they 're dead ! gone ! ka - put ! he strain to make out what she 's say , ear still ringing . ned ( yell back ) sure i'll marry you ! next tuesday would be perfect ! a beat . Laura open she mouth to correct he , then decide against it . she smile ... speak softly , almost shyly . LAURA okay . but I want to have kid . he hear this ... smile at she . ned great . they embrace . ext . ned' house - wide shot - near dawn we move in slowly toward the house . ned ( v.o. ) so ... maybe I be wrong . maybe woman really be like a big jigsaw puzzle ... with piece that never seem to fit where you want them to . int . ned' house - the bedroom - same time ned and Laura be in bed , wrap in each other 's arm . ned ( v.o. ) all I know be , there be three thing that man can not possibly ever do ... new angle - ned and LAURA revealing that it 's not " voice over narration . " ned be actually rattling on aloud again . ned ...understand woman ... give birth ... and program a vcr . and give birth be the easy one . LAURA ned ... ned yeah , Laura ? LAURA knock off the chatter , will ya ? he smile at she . they kiss . romantic saxaphone music begin to play ... only this time , it 's " Laura 's theme . " the camera pull back slowly ... revealing dizzy lay on the bed beside they ... play the sax . after a beat , Laura turn to dizzy . LAURA we will not need you anymore . ned casually slip he a twenty dollar bill . dizzy slip off the bed and out the door . Laura turn to ned . LAURA we can make we own music . her hand reach slowly over the edge of the bed , toward the floor . suddenly ... she come up with a concertina , a small accordian ... and begin to play it ! ned lay there listen for a few moment , a stunne look freeze on he face . then ... he reach under the pillow and pull out a harmonica and join in . the camera boom up to a high angle shot ... as they play medley of all the music hear in the film . fade to black roll end credit after the final credit , we hear : LAURA ( v.o. ) ned , do you know ... I want you to make love to I all night long ? ned ( v.o. ) no . but if you hum a few bar ... I will fake it . the end