fear of clowns by Kevin kanga for more information see : http://www.kangaskahnfilms.com/blogs.htm '' 2002 Kevin kanga int . bedroom - day lynn , asleep , squirm on the bed . she 's early thirty , very pretty , thin -body . she mumble in discomfort . in her dream be a young girl in the back seat of a station wagon . she play with a barbie , show it toward camera at the people o.s . someone shout , high -pitch but distort in a dream-like fashion . woman Henry , watch out --! the young girl 's eye move up from she barbie toward the front of the car -- slow , too slow . everything speed up , the frame shaking like a epileptic suddenly get hold of the camera . only a half - second have pass , but the young girl be now lie sideways on the back seat and she forehead be smear with blood . she sit up slowly , daze . whatever she see in the front seat disturb she . her lip begin to shake , tear welling in she eye . something pop into she peripheral vision . she turn . a clown have appear in the window next to she . he shout something unintelligible to she , and then rip he clown face off to reveal a bloody skull -- the little girl scream -- -- and Lynn bolt upright on she bed , scream . she stop immediately as she realize where she be , but it take she a moment to calm down . she turn to the clock -- it 's 5:38 . lynn shit . she jump up and head for the shower . int . restaurant - evening small neighborhood diner . wooden chair and small table . Lynn rush in and spot julie sit alone . she rush over to join she friend . lynn I be so sorry -- julie ( friendly ribbing ) sure , whatever it be be so important that you do not want to tell I on the phone , but it 's not so important you can not be -- ( check watch ) -- a half hour late . lynn I fall asleep -- julie ( point at a empty plate ) look ! I finish all the chicken finger . I be go to have to go to the bathroom and make myself throw up . Lynn smirk at she friend and sit down . lynn I need a drink . she motion for the waitress and order a glass of red wine . julie so spill . lynn ( swallow , take a breath ) I be get a divorce , Julie . julie shut up . she see that Lynn 's not kid and she smile lower like a draw -bridge . julie what ? since when ? lynn thing have be bad for ... about a year now . I guess thing have never be that great . julie well ... I just ... why do not you tell I ? lynn you know ... you be -- julie do not even . I be you friend first . manager second . lynn I think we could work it out . bert keep make promise and I keep wait for he to keep they . guess what I just find out . ( do not give she a chance ) his ex - wife 's name be still on the deed to the house . the house I be live in . he say as soon as I sell my house and move in , he would have it take off . and you know how I find out she name 's still on it ? Julie shake she head . lynn the internet . I have to find out on the goddamn internet . she realize she voice have start to rise in volume , so she take a sip of she recently - deliver wine , and calm herself . lynn I do not know if that be the final straw . it be everything . Julie , I do not know anything about he . I do not know how much money he make because he do not want we to have a joint check account . he always say he 's work late at night but he will not give I a number to call other than he cel phone . and that place ... it give I the creep . julie it 's a sanitarium . they do that . lynn ( shrug , moot point ) I tell he I be leave and that I be take nicky . he hit I . Julie be shocked . julie he ... hit you ? lynn ( nod ) I be pack some thing . I say I be take nicky and I would be filing for a divorce . he hit I in the back of the head . julie do you call the police ? lynn no . I just want to get out of there . that be a month ago . julie you separate a month ago and do not tell I ? lynn I do not want to bother you , what with all the stuff you have already get on you plate ... she stop as she see the look on Julie 's face ; how ridiculous . julie so what be you go to do ? lynn get the divorce . once I get full custody of nicky , I will start try to reassemble what 's leave of my life . in California . julie you be go to move ? lynn I tell Phillip yesterday . I do not tell he why . julie how would he take it ? lynn he be shocked , you know , at first . but he be very supportive as always . Julie pull out she cel phone and start dial . julie okay , the first thing I be go to do be cancel the exhibit tomorrow night -- lynn nononononono , please Julie . Julie reluctantly hang up . lynn you have work so hard , and to tell you the truth , it will be good to meet some new people . take my mind off . julie Lynn . we will just postpone it . I do not think it 's a good idea for you to be do a exhibit when you have get this much on you mind . lynn it will be good . no , great . julie you sure ? really sure ? lynn really . julie where be you stay ? lynn a friend of mine be out of the country for a couple month . she say I could stay at she house until I find someplace of my own . julie what about Nicholas ? lynn every other day . the lawyer have a temporary agreement draw up . julie in this state , you will have no trouble get sole custody . lynn ( nod ) I be not worried about that . it 's just ... this can not be my life , Julie . I can not be a divorced mother . I just , I can not . julie people change , Lynn . lynn ( wistful ) I do not think I ever really know he in the first place ... int . bedroom - night the moon cast a faint light through the window . Lynn be asleep in she bed , this time without the nightmare . our view look down upon she , and for a moment there 's the impression that someone be in the bedroom stand over she . but then we move slowly across the bed toward the window , pass the nightlight plugge into the wall panel , right up to the window and through it into the dark night . we get a nice bird 's eye view of the street . pool of black shadow lie everywhere . the house along the street be all dark grey shape set against a starless sky . each house appear very middle - class suburban . all be quiet . still . across the street from lynn' , something move from under the shadow of a tree . still hide in the darkness under the leave , it 's impossible to tell what it be . then the clown move into the light and we can see he 's get some sort of bag in he hand . the streetlight above catch he in total silhouette , so it 's impossible to tell much about he . and yet , there 's something definitely sinister about he . be it the peculiar sight of a clown stand in a desert street in the dead of night ? or something else ...? the clown scan the house across the street and he gaze stop at the house two door up from Lynn . he turn to look directly at Lynn 's house , and make a shrugging motion , very much like , " what can I do ? my hand be tie . " he move across the street , take a new grip on whatever 's in the bag , and the bag fall into the street . he hold a giant axe . even in the dim light , the silver axe - blade gleam like mercury . silently , the house await he entrance . take he time , he move toward the door . ext . house - day Lynn rush out of she house , clearly late for something . she stop in confusion as she see five cop car and a ambulance in front of the house two door down . a good bunch of the neighbor -- mom and kid -- stand about in group , point and ask question . Lynn go over to a neighbor , gale , a chubby motherly type who 's shaking she head without realize it . lynn Excuse I ... I be house-sitting for Margaret . could you tell I what 's go on ? gale ( tsk ) oh it 's just awful . if we be not safe here , where on earth can we possibly move to ? she tsk again , but otherwise be not forthcoming . lynn do you know what happen ? gale the olson . all of they . kill while they sleep . lynn kill ? gale butcher , from what I hear . ( off Lynn 's look ) I know . how could something like that happen here ? while we sleep ? this be a nice neighborhood . lynn my god ... she break it off and shake she head . detective peter , a young guy who look more like a rock star incognito , wander over with a pad of paper . detective peter Morning folk . you all know the olson ? gale of course . who be you ? detective peter sorry. ( flash the badge ) detective Peters . homicide , of course . either of you happen to hear or see anything unusual last night ? gale why yes . ( Peters be interested ) there be a carfull of rave psychopath park in front of the house about midnight , but I figure if we leave they alone , they would go away . detective Peters be put off by the sarcasm come from someone who appear so motherly . he look to Lynn , who smile uncomfortably . detective peter maam . I need to know if you see anything out of the ordinary last night , or hear anything . gale do not you think I would have call the police in that case ? detective peter maybe . maybe not . it might not have strike you as strange at the time , but maybe now , with what 's happen ... lynn what exactly happen ? detective peter ( not particularly sympathetic ) you neighbor have be murder . I can not tell you any more than that right now . he hand they both a card . detective peter if something come to you , give I a ring huh ? gale that 's all ? that 's all the question you be go to ask ? detective peter oh hey . sorry . do either of you happen to kill the olson ? gale be not amused . Lynn 's watch they carry a bodybag on a stretcher out of the olson ' house . something about the sight have trap she gaze . detective peter ( do not really need a answer anyway ) okay . thanks . one of my guy will be over to take you name . lynn detective ? I be sorry , I be already late . ( she dig in she purse and pull out a card ) this have my name and cel phone number on it . I be ... house sit here for the next couple of week . detective peter ( look at the card ) a artist , huh ? you do not much look like a artist . gale say the rock-star detective . Peters spare she a glance , but ignore she . the way Lynn stumble over the half - lie seem to have catch the detective 's attention . detective peter how long you be ... house sit ? lynn about four , no , five night . detective peter ( nod he head ) I may have to come by later and ask you a few question , miss ... ( check the card again ) blodgett . lynn sure , I understand . ( beat ) oh , no ! I be sorry , I have get a exhibit tonight , so I will not be back at all today . tomorrow should be fine though . gale why do not you leave she alone ? do you think she do it ? be that what you keen detective mind be tell you ? the detective turn a bemuse smile on gale . detective peter wow . you be miss cleaver on the outside , but the inside 's a real bitch , be not it ? gale ex - cuse I ? detective peter I guess I be not so good with the sarcastic reh-par-tee . he stumble over the word like it 's too hard to wrap he tongue around , but there 's a quiet intelligence in he eye . a intelligence that just file gale under " B " for bitch . he wander off shaking he head . gale his superior 's go to hear about this . lynn ( rush off ) well , it be nice meeting you , I be really really late now . gale ( call after she ) I be gale . gale wroten . Lynn wave back without look and hightail it to the car . int . gallery - day the gallery look new . shiny hardwood floor . small room showcase painting on the wall , with new wave furniture await the pretentious ass of some wannabe art critic . Lynn rush in . amanda , 23 , step out with a clipboard . she 's cute in a mousy , Lisa loeb kind of way . amanda Lynn , hey . lynn sorry I be late . you will never believe the morning I be have . amanda no worry . everything 's go pretty hokay . oops still have not deliver two of the piece , but everything else be here . lynn phil around ? amanda yup . as if he hear , phillip reid round the corner . he 's kind - face , late thirty , dress in a old - fashioned brown suit- and -vest . he 's get the making of a slight gut . phillip Lynn , some of this new piece be amazing ! you have be do great work lately . fabulous stuff . lynn thanks , phil . and thank you so much for this . phillip it 's my pleasure . ( take on a aristocratic air ) you know how prestigious it be to once again be showcase the great Lynn blodgett at my gallery . lynn oh , please . phillip if Picasso be still alive , I would turn he down to get you . amanda ass kisser . lynn well , thanks . it mean a lot to I . phillip what do you think ? should we expect a crowd tonight ? amanda I think you will be pleasantly surprised ... on Lynn 's question look ... int . gallery - night same place , plus a hundred people . no one speak loud . it 's all quiet murmur over wine or mix drink . Lynn 's stand against a back wall with amanda . she look daze . lynn ( quiet ) how ...on earth ... do you get all this people here ? amanda www dot I hate clown dot com . I post it on they message board . lynn but ... if they hate clown , why would they come ? amanda it 's a love-hate thing . Lynn shake she head ; she do not understand , but who 's complain ? she touch amanda 's arm to signal that she 's move . she begin to weave aimlessly among the people , pause just long enough to catch whether they like she stuff or not . most seem to . into another room not as crowded as the main room . a couple murmur about the painting in front of they , while across the room be tuck , 28 . he 's dark - skinned latino , dress like a model . he 's stare deeply at one of Lynn 's clown painting . she sidle up , try to be sly . lynn so what do you think ? tuck ( spare she a quick look , then back to the painting ) I be not a art critic or anything ... lynn who be ? tuck ( nod , then back to the painting ) it 's okay . I do not know what the clown fetish be all about -- I think the artist have issue . Lynn smile . not what she expect to hear . lynn ( good-nature ) oh ? tuck well ... they be clown , for chrissake . but hers be all so ... scary . do you see the one where you walk in ? I think I remember that one from Stephen King 's it . Lynn smile . she 's look forward to embarrassing he when she introduce herself . lynn but you be no art critic . tuck no. tucker Flynn . my friend call I tuck . he extend he hand . lynn Lynn -- tuck -- blodgett , I know . ( mischievous smile ) I see you picture in the program . she smile and reappraise he . tuck I do not want to blow you cover . not right away anyway . lynn so what do you really think ? tuck they be good . I mean ... they be great . ( the smile return ) you have still get issue , but ... I think they be phenomenal . she can tell he 's sincere about he appreciation . she 's touch . lynn thanks . you from the web site ? tuck web site ? lynn oh , nothing . what make you stop by tonight ? tuck this be the best gallery in Baltimore . I have buy a couple of piece here . lynn anything of mine ? tuck no. honestly , I never notice you stuff before , but I will definitely be keep my eye out now . there be serious look go on between they , a quick chemistry that seem to be catch Lynn off guard . lynn well ... I hope you have a good time . she start to move off . tuck hey . you wanna -- ( shrug ) -- maybe go out and get a drink later ? lynn uh --- be she search for a excuse or think about accept ? she 's marry , she can not be go out on date . lynn it 's just a bad time . he smile he understanding . tuck sure . no problem . she turn to move off . tuck how ' bout tomorrow ? she stop . lynn it 's complicated . tuck oh. lynn I be marry . tuck ( sudden understanding ) ooooh ... lynn I mean , I be separate . tuck ( no problem then ) oh. great . I mean , not great like I be happy about it --- ( realize he 's screwing up ) hi. I be tuck . I will be right back . he head over to the nearest tuxedo 's waiter and grab a champagne glass . he hold it up to toast Lynn , then downs it in one swallow . then he grab two other off the tray and return to Lynn . tuck I think if it do not cost too much , I could get a guide tour of you work . Lynn smile at he persistance . there 's something immaturely endear about he . his smile be contagious . she take the drink . lynn I could probably put it on you tab . tuck 's glad she 's go along for the ride . he step up to the painting in front of they . tuck take this one . I notice that this clown seem to be in a lot of you painting . what 's the significance ? the more astute viewer will recognize the clown as the one from the dream in the beginning . in the painting , he 's stare out at we with a look of sinister intent . he 's in a stark white hallway with strange object on the wall . she stare at it intently , as if she 's never see it before , as if she 's fall into it . a excited amanda pop up behind she , save she from answer . amanda boss . the mayor be here . lynn the mayor ? of the city ? amanda no , of sesame Street . ( notice tuck ) who 's the hunk ? Lynn 's still shocked about the mayor thing , but not so much that she can not be embarrassed too . lynn sorry . tuck , this be my number one cheerleader , amanda . she create my web site and do all my other promotion for I . tuck smile at she ga - ga expression . tuck Nice to meet you . amanda um hmmm . I would like to shake my bon bon all over you -- lynn amanda . go tell Phillip I will be right over . amanda okay . she give tuck one last lascivious look , and then she 's off . lynn sorry about that . tuck it 's flatter . lynn I guess I should go say hi to the mayor . tuck be he really here , or be that just a ploy you two use to impress people ? lynn I think he 's really here . tuck impressive . can I get you autograph later ? lynn sure . hang around . I will be back . she give he a fleeting smile and walk away . as soon as she back be turn to he , she make a face . what the hell be she do ? and then she expression turn to dismay shock . bert , she soon - to - be ex-husband , round the corner , a wine glass in hand . bert Lynn ! there you be . lynn ( quiet ) what the hell be you do here ? bert what ? what 's the matter ? lynn who 's watch nicky ? bert he 's in great hand , do not worry . lynn so why be you here , bert ? bert I come to see you new exhibit , of course . lynn bert . what the hell be wrong with you ? we be not friend . ( as if he 's forget ) you file for divorce . bert only because you be go to . lynn we be not do this here . please leave . bert do not get all apoplectic on I . I do not realize you would get so upset . lynn why would not I ? this be a important night for I . bert all right . I will go . lynn thanks . he take a final sip of he drink before put it down . bert I will call you later . he 's go before he can see the look of disgust that cross Lynn 's face . she take a calming breath before she go look for the mayor . int . gallery - later the crowd be mostly go . Lynn 's walk through room after room . she 's look for tuck , but try not to act like it . room after room ( and blank space reveal that the gallery be successful in move some of she painting ) and no tuck . she 's start to get discourage . she come back around to the front counter and there he be talk with phil . Lynn suppress a smile . phillip here she come ! tuck can I get that autograph now ? he lift something from the counter that be hide behind he body . it 's one of Lynn 's painting . lynn but ... that 's ... phillip you new admirer just purchase you most expensive piece , my dear . lynn that 's eight thousand dollar ... tuck and worth every penny . when it 's worth two -hundre grand , you will beg to buy it back . ( to Phillip ) go ahead and wrap it up . I will get she to autograph it once it 's hang up in my house . Phillip do not get it for a moment . then he see the blush on Lynn 's cheek . he get it . phillip oh. oh ...of course . he begin wrapping as Lynn and tuck exchange look . lynn do you mind I ask what you do , tuck ? tuck wanna see ? lynn ( playful flirt ) I think that would depend on what it be you do . phillip I be just , uh , I have get to get some tape from the other room . clearly uncomfortable with they flirt , he go into another room . tuck seriously . you want to see what I do , my office be not very far away . lynn okay . but only because you just pay my rent for three month . ( louder toward the other room ) Phillip , I will be back soon . I be go to see Mr. Flynn 's office . ext . gallery tuck escort Lynn outside and open the passenger door of he porsche . he shut the door after she pull she leg in . across the STREET in the shadow of a alley stand a man . he watch as tuck get in the porsche , start it and drive away . as it exit the scene , the man step forward to watch its progress . we see it 's bert , a menace scowl on he face . int . tuck' office - later tuck let Lynn into the office . she take a look around as he go to the alarm and turn it off . the office be very nice . clean , well - organize , tastefully decorate . tuck this be my office . it 's big . she walk down the hall , tuck follow behind she , indulge she whim to lead . lynn so ... what do you do ? tuck look at the picture . she 's be walk by the picture on the wall , but now she stop to take a better look . the picture seem to be of elaborate roller coaster at various theme park . lynn I still do not get it . tuck my company design roller coaster . Disney , King 's Dominion , busch garden , you name it . I have get a coaster there . Lynn 's impressed . lynn how old be you ? tuck Old enough to pick touch football over tackle . lynn why do not you want to tell I ? tuck how old be you ? lynn ( smile ) touche . she 's peer close to one picture . it show some crazy sumbitch stand on the high point of a tall roller coaster , no car . tuck that 's I . lynn no . she look closer . it 's a far off shot , but it sure look like it could be he . tuck every time they finish a new coaster of mine , I like to stand at the high point . lynn you be out of you mind . tuck ( shrug ) I be a thrill seeker , what can I say ? the playful smile never leave he face . she 's clearly amaze at the gut it take to do what he do . tuck lean in close over she shoulder as she stare at another picture . tuck impress ? she 's not spook by how close he be . she do not want to let on that she 's impressed though . lynn I do not really like roller coaster . he 's non -pluss . he move past she down the hall toward a exit door . tuck how do you feel about ... he open the door and flick on the light . it 's a giant game room . a pool table in the center . a twenty foot shuffleboard game to the side . a big screen tv in the corner with a sofa in front of it . a refrigerator , the work . tuck ... shuffleboard ? she follow he into the room . it 's get harder and harder to hide be impressed . tuck can I get you a beer ? he 's at the fridge . Lynn have a moment . put a halt to it right now , before it all get out of hand . the reason be many : in the middle of a divorce , tuck be young than she be , she 's get a kid . she do not even really know this guy . lynn sure . tuck ( as he 's get they ) so how would you get set up at the gallery ? lynn oh , Phillip own it . tuck seem awfully young to own a art gallery , do not he ? I picture gallery owner as , you know , over fifty . lynn he inherite it when he parent die . ( sheepish ) it seem funny now , but I actually meet he ... on the internet . a art forum . when he find out I be in the same city , and a painter ... he offer to take a look at my stuff . tuck I guess he like it . lynn ( nod ) we have have a bunch of showing , but none go like tonight . for a second she look like she think she should not have say that . she break eye contact , but quickly look back and smile . tuck so how about a game of pool ? ext . tuck' office - later tuck lock up the office behind they as they leave . tuck not to sound sexist , but for a girl , you be pretty good at pool . lynn not to sound sexist ? tuck yeah , that 's why I preface it that way . from around a bush step a mugger . he 's mean - face and alert . all business . mugger gimme you money . tuck move protectively in front of Lynn . the mugger 's not intimidate , more interested in Lynn . mugger gimme the purse and there will not be no trouble . tuck eye the mugger for a moment , then hold he hand out to Lynn . she give he the purse . he toss it to the mugger , who catch it in he knifeless hand . the mugger reach in , pull out the wallet and pocket it . he smile a little more confidently . mugger what else she get ? tuck you get the money . get out of here . mugger I think you best run off , loverboy . I will see she home . tuck take the easy score . it 's all downhill from here . the mugger edge in . tuck push Lynn back farther . tuck ( never take he eye off the mugger ) when you get the chance Lynn , throw a rock at my office window . the mugger rush . he feint and slashes across tuck 's stomach . tuck jump back , but there 's a rip across he shirt now . holding the knife up , the mugger admire the thin red coat now along one side . mugger wanna reconsider , loverboy ? nothing from tuck . still rivete on the mugger . the mugger take two step and jab the knife . tuck step to the side , grab the mugger 's hand and jam a elbow into he side . the instant tuck grab the mugger 's arm , lynn hurl her keychain , five pound of key , at the office door . it do not shatter the window , but spider - web crack appear and a loud alarm begins go off inside . when tuck elbow the mugger , he drop the knife . tuck use he weight to whirl the mugger away from he , cause he to tumble off balance and fall . a metallic clatter as a gun fall out of the mugger 's waistband . the mugger snatch the gun . tuck run ! Lynn and tuck run off toward the end of the building . the mugger briefly point he gun at the flee couple , but something keep he from fire . he 's piss . he spare one irritate glance toward where the alarm be wailing , and he run off in the other direction . dissolve to : int . car - later tuck 's car pull up in front of the house Lynn 's stay in . Lynn , exhaust , do not move to open the door right away . she stare at the house . tuck you sure you be all right ? I can take you to a friend 's house ... lynn I be okay . you be the one who get stab . tuck slashed , not stab . I have do worse shave . Lynn nod absently as if she 's not even listen . she reach for the door handle . lynn well ... good night . tuck hey . he grab she arm gently . tuck I will call you tomorrow . she barely nod , get out of the car and walk to she house . tuck wait until she 's in the house before he pull away . int . house Lynn lean back against the front door and close she eye . exhausted . with the mugging on top of she exhibit , it 's just too much . she 's ready to drop . she trudge into the kitchen and pour herself a glass of wine . the phone ring . she spare a look at the clock -- pretty late for a call -- and pick up the phone . lynn hello ? behind she , something outside move past the kitchen window . phillip ( phone ) Lynn ? lynn Phillip ? what be you do up this late ? a non-rhythmic tapping can be hear come from somewhere in the other room . like a branch against a window . phillip ( phone ) you have have I worried sick . I have call ten time since eleven o'clock . lynn but ... why ? phillip ( phone ) you leave the exhibit with some strange man you do not even know , and you wonder why I be worry ? lynn you be right . I be sorry . phillip where have you be all this time ? Lynn notice the tapping . she move into the television room . the tapping seem to be come from outside the slide glass door . lynn Long story . Long long story . she can not see anything outside the window , it 's so dark . lynn you will never believe what happen . she flick on the lightswitch next to the door . the clown stand there reveal in the light . like Lynn 's worst nightmare , like the clown in the painting tuck point out , the one that Lynn paint often , the one from she dream . his pupil-less eye , however , be black as night . the soulless eye of a shark . he 's stare right at Lynn . phillip ( phone ) what ? what happen ? the clown cock he head and lean closer , he breath fogging the glass . Lynn faint , the phone drop uselessly to the rug . with a rumble , the slide glass door open to the clown 's pull . he step inside the house . phillip ( phone ) Lynn ? hello ? fade out : from the black come voice . echoes , distant and distort . voice ( come into focus ) can you hear I ? miss blodgett , can you open you eye ? lynn' Pov as she open she eye . someone 's lean over she wave something under she nose . it 's a medic . medic you with I now ? lynn yes ... she sit up with he help . medic do you feel okay ? do anything hurt ? lynn no . I do not think so . medic do you hit you head when you fall ? Lynn see there 's a cop stand behind the medic listen . his presence distract she for a moment . lynn uh...no . I do not think so . medic do you want to go to the hospital ? lynn no. I be all right . the medic nod and begin to pack up he thing as Lynn move to a chair . the cop step forward . cop so what happen ? lynn I -- ( the remembrance flood back ) -- there be someone stand outside my back door . cop right here ? he point to the slide glass door which be open about two inch . lynn yes . cop it be open when we get here . Lynn 's eye widen . it be open ? it -- the clown -- come into the house ? cop we will search the house . I do not think anyone else be here though . lynn how do you know to come ? cop a friend of yours call . Said he be talk to you on the phone and it sound like you collapse . can you describe the guy that be outside you door ? lynn he be dress like a clown . cop what ? a what ? there 's a tap on the front screen door . they look to see detective Peters let himself in . cop ( to Lynn ) ' scuse I a minute . he intercept Peters before he can make it over . there 's hushed conversation between they end in a question glance to the cop , who shrug . detective Peters come over and sit down across from Lynn . lynn do not you ever sleep ? detective peter not so much . you say you see someone outside ? lynn yes . right outside the glass when I turn on the light . detective peter and be he black or white ? lynn he be a clown . detective peter a clown ? lynn yes . detective peter there be a clown stand outside you window at one a.m .? lynn ( know how it sound ) yes . detective peter be he lose ? wander away from barnum & Bailey 's and get trap in suburbia ? she say nothing , just glare back at he . he purse he lip thoughtfully . detective peter this a p.r. stunt ? lynn ( confuse ) what ? detective peter I know what you do , miss blodgett . ( off of she " so what ? " look ) you paint picture . of clown . this some kind of publicity stunt ? lynn do it look like a publicity stunt ? detective peter no . but look can be deceive . lynn ( get mad ) that 's great . how profound . I would like you to leave . detective peter no need to be rude . the cop catch he eye . cop the house be all clear . Peters nod . detective peter I be just say , if this be some stunt , it 's a serious crime to call the police . lynn I do not call the police . detective peter I know , I know . you friend do . the guy that own a gallery full of you clown painting . he stand up . detective peter I will be talk to you soon . I have get some other question . Lynn do not say anything . she follow they to the door . detective peter ' night . Lynn shut the door without a word . she stand there , the thought run wild through she exhaust head . dissolve to : int . gallery - day Lynn walk in , hold hand with she son nicholas , aka nicky . he 's about five year old . Phillip , amanda , and mr. parrish turn from one of Lynn 's painting toward she . Mr. parrish be a distinguished older man , dress very well and hold a cane , though he do not appear to need it . lynn hey ... what 's go on ? mr. parrish have you ever be spanke by a clown , miss blodgett ? Lynn do not know whether to laugh or be offended . lynn Excuse I ? Mr. parrish hand she a photograph . in the photo be a clown mugging for the camera with a bunch of kid at a birthday party . mr. parrish my father . he use to be a clown for neighborhood birthday party . a very strange thing . this man who bring joy and smile to everyone around he ... be also the man who come home and spanks you ... hit you with he hand or he belt . not happy to do it , mind you , but do he duty as a father punish a son . Lynn 's listen patiently , but can not see where he 's go . mr. parrish you paint magnificently . I do not like the one with the frightening clown though . I do not know why you waste you time with that . but the one like this ... he point to the one they be all admire when Lynn come in . the clown in the painting gaze sadly on the wilted flower in he hand . mr. parrish incredible . perfect . his expression ... I want you to capture that for I . lynn I be sorry , mr... mr. parrish parrish . endle parrish . lynn I be sorry , Mr. parrish , I do not know what you be talk about . mr. parrish I want you to paint a picture of my father . I want you to show I a clown sadden that he have to spank he son . Lynn 's expression say it all . how strange . Lynn look to Phillip or amanda for support . neither say anything , but they be smile . like something else be come . lynn Mr. parrish , I be sorry but I do not do commission piece . I be not even sure I could -- mr. parrish ten thousand dollar . Cash if you would like . she 's speechless for a moment . even Phillip and amanda be shocked . they know the guy be load , but that 's more than even they expect . lynn I do not , I mean , I could sell you that one for a lot less . mr. parrish no . it have to look like my father . I want a original painting of my father and I need it in three day . lynn that 's just impossible . I can recommend a number of excellent painter -- mr. parrish no . it must be you . lynn I be sorry , I can not do it . mr. parrish twenty thousand dollar . that 's my final offer . lynn you do not understand -- phillip Lynn , could we speak to you for a moment ? lynn ( to amanda regard Nick ) can you keep a eye on he ? amanda nod . nicky 's happy play with he action figure on a bench . Phillip pull she into the other room , leave Mr. parrish to gaze at she painting . lynn I can not , Phillip . I do not have the time right now . phillip make the time . you can not be too busy for that kind of money . lynn I be . I be get divorced . that 's why I be go to move . get away , get a new start . he do not act surprised . either that , or he do not think it matter . phillip you have get to think this through , Lynn . can you imagine what this be go to do for you other painting ? for you reputation ? once people hear Mr. parrish pay twenty thousand for one of you painting , it will open the flood gate . you will not be consign to show you painting in my gallery ... you will be all over the country . Lynn 's start to see the picture . lynn I be not sure I can do it . phillip of course you can . she 's not so sure . she give he one more unsure look before go back into the other room . mr. parrish you will do it ? lynn I can not promise you I will get it do . he ignore she . mr. parrish ( hand she the photo again ) excellent . my phone number be on the back . call I when you have finish and let I know how you would like the payment . she take it . Mr. parrish hang the cane on the crook of he arm , and if he have a hat , he would probably doff it . mr. parrish good day . he swagger out . amanda ( in awe ) twenty thousand dollar ... that will buy a lot of bandwidth . neither Phillip nor Lynn know what she 's talk about . amanda tres geek , huh ? lynn yeah . phillip what happen last night ? I call the police but would not tell I anything . lynn I be sorry . I do not even know where to start . amanda ( totally in the dark ) what ? what happen ? lynn you will never believe it ... get I some coffee and I will tell you about it . ext . basement - day the backyard of a run-down house . concrete stair lead down the back to a basement door . a noise . like a muffled shout follow by a dull thwack . it 's come from inside the house . int . basement the basement be dark and bare , undecorate cinderblock wall . the concrete floor be uncarpete . a thin mattress sit in the corner surround by open soda can and other trash . the window be cover so that the only light be from a bulb in the ceiling . a simple wooden table stand in the center of the room , a answer machine sit on top of it . next to the table be a wooden stump . the clown , breathe heavily , hold a axe . no warning . he swing the axe into the stump as hard as he can , yelling like a savage . clown geeeeeeeeeeeehhhhht ! he pull the axe out , mumble as he exhales from the effort . clown -- better . again he swing the axe , again the yell . clown get ! pull it out . clown better . over and over again , recite the litany , a cruel smile on he face . int . gallery - later Lynn and she friend have retire to the more comfortable reception area . Nick have he action figure battle underneath the magazine table . lynn the police take we statement , but it do not seem like they think they would catch he . amanda that 's a really nice area . I can not believe someone mug you . phillip what happen when I call you ? Lynn have a internal debate . she decide to spare herself the embarrassment of the clown story . lynn I do not know . I guess it all just catch up to I . I must have pass out . amanda you pass out ? what 's that like ? lynn it feel a lot like hit the floor . phillip you need to take it easy , Lynn . and I do not think that include leave with strange man at night . lynn be that you , dad ? amanda he 's right . you should stay away from that guy . ( beat ) give I he phone number and I will pass he the message . Lynn smirk at she . lynn anyway . I have to get go to the mediation . you be sure you be all right with watch nicky for a hour ? amanda not a problem . I do not have class until four . lynn great . thanks a lot . amanda do not thank I . I be billing you . phillip what exactly be suppose to happen at this mediation ? lynn ( shrug ) I be not sure . I think we have to sit down and decide who get what , and what he visitation rights be go to be . int . mediation room - day a sterile meeting room with a lacquer table and office chair . there 's a sweat metal pitcher of water at the center of the table . lynn be you out of you fuck mind ? Lynn and she lawyer marty be on one side , bert and he lawyer osbourne across from they . the mediator , a man with a wooden face , sit at the head of the table . mediator mind the language please . osbourne 's a no-nonsense older man and look like he 's accustom to take apart multi-million dollar corporation before breakfast . osbourne that 's what we want . sole custody of Nicholas . half of the ownership of every painting you have create since you marry , or half the price if you have sell they already . you can keep you car . bert will not ask for any palimony , but you will have to pay child support . Lynn look at marty in disbelief , then back at bert . lynn you can kiss my ass . mediator miss blodgett , that 's not helpful . osbourne and please direct you comment to I . lynn why ? be he too chickenshit to talk to I ? ( shake she head ) I can not believe I be hearing this . marty ? marty seem like more of you public defender type attorney . marty that 's not go to fly , guy . Lynn get sole custody . full alimony and child support . bert can keep he house -- osbourne the house be he before the marriage . it 's not in she name at all . we term be not negotiable , marty . you client have no home -- very unstable for the child . if she try to buy one before the divorce go through , we will pursue half of it . lynn ( to bert ) oh my God ... osbourne try a sympathetic smile and fail . osbourne ( to marty ) you do not want to play hardball with I . I be short stop in the major , and you could not play outfield in the minor . marty know he 's outclass . marty we just want a fair deal , osbourne . that 's all we be look for . osbourne we be offer you a fair deal . marty he want she to pay child support ? he 's a doctor , for godsake . osbourne he 's be unemployed for over six month . lynn what ? what 's he be do ? osbourne it 's not you business . lynn it 's not my business ? he 's still my husband , you son of a bitch . where have he be go everyday ? mediator please , miss -- lynn no ! I want a answer . where the hell have my husband be go every day for the past six month if he be not go to work ? mediator okay , let 's call it a day . Lynn slam she hand on the table . lynn bullshit ! marty touch she arm and raise he eyebrow to let she know she 's get out of line . she take a moment to calm down . mediator let 's meet Monday after everyone 's have a chance to cool down . marty ( before Lynn can speak ) sound good . he reach across to shake osbourne 's hand , but osbourne only nod and begin pack he papers into he briefcase . osbourne I will fax we term to you office . you do have a fax machine ? marty of course . osbourne nod and guide bert out of the office . neither meet Lynn 's smolder gaze . lynn you really stick it to he , marty . he 's surprised by she attack . marty what ? what do you mean ? Lynn do not respond . she fight back tear . lynn I be not lose Nicholas . I can not lose he . marty it will be all right . we will get he . she do not look reassure . int . basement - day it 's the dark basement again . same table . same answer machine on the table , but the red light be blink now . the clown stand in front of the table stare at the light . the red cast a dull reflection in he black eye . he push the button . the voice that issue from the machine be deep and electronically alter . voice ( from machine ) you want to get better , do not you ? the clown nod imperceptibly . voice ( from machine ) you be get better . not much longer and you will be cure . but first ... take the van . clown the murder van ... there 's a pause as the voice seem to consider this . be it a answer machine or some kind of intercom ? voice ( from machine ) do not kill she . follow she . frighten she . make she doubt she own sanity . but do not harm she ... yet . let no one else see you . go. the clown turn and leave . int . house - day Lynn walk in , she cel phone to she ear . lynn I be not kid you . he 's go for full custody , Julie . he want I to pay he . julie ( phone ) that bastard . lynn God , I feel like I be have a nervous breakdown . I be tell you ... there be a clown outside my door last night . julie ( phone ) you say that . you be probably just exhaust . lynn I feel like I be live in a nightmare , Julie . julie ( phone ) just take some deep breath . so what be you go to do ? lynn I be go to paint that picture for Mr. parrish . then I be go to use that money to hire the best attorney in town to kick he lawyer 's ass ! julie ( phone ) that a girl ! lynn hey , I get someone call on the other line , could be my lawyer . can I call you back later ? julie ( phone ) sure thing . talk to you soon . lynn bye. ( click a button ) hello ? tuck ( phone ) Lynn . it 's tuck . Lynn smile . even with the event of the day , tuck can bring a smile to she face . she 's get it bad for he . lynn hi. how be you ? tuck ( phone ) I be gonna ask you the same thing . lynn I be okay . I mean , about last night . it 's just , well there 's other stuff -- tuck ( phone ) wanna go get a bite to eat ? she 's tempt , but there 's so much to do . lynn I would like to , but -- there 's a knock on the door . lynn hold on a minute . she go to the door and open it . tuck 's stand there , he cel phone to he ear . he 's get he mischievous smile in place . tuck ( into phone ) hey Lynn , can I call you back ? Lynn smile and play he game . lynn ( into phone ) sure . they both hang up . Lynn open the screen door for he . tuck so I be think ... the circus be in town and if you want to go see some friendly clown for once ... that idea do not thrill Lynn . lynn I do not think so . tuck why be you so afraid of clown ? lynn I be not afraid of they . tuck you be too . lynn I be not . just because I paint they -- tuck just because you paint scary clown . only scary clown . Lynn walk away , pick she mail off the table and busy herself sorting it . lynn that do not mean I be scared of they . tuck what do it mean then ? that stump Lynn . tuck it 's okay . there 's even a word for it . Coulrophobia . lynn Coulrophobia ? tuck fear of clown . lot of people have it . lynn really ? tuck I be not smart enough to make up a word like that . lynn so what be you afraid of ? he take a moment . a playful smile on he face . weigh the moment ; to tell the truth or lie ? tuck silence . be alone . he 's still smile . but something in he eye be dare she to understand he word . lynn lot of people feel that way . so how could you possibly be alone ? he do not answer . tuck want to do something strange ? lynn that 's a load question . tuck you like to take picture ? lynn sure . I do a lot of photo - reference . tuck grab you camera . come on . again , she know she should not be do it . there 's something about he that draw she though . like a moth to the flame . lynn okay . just let I call amanda first ... ext . house today , tuck have he motorcycle , a sleek black machine that look build for speed . lynn on that ? tuck perfectly safe . he hand she a helmet . he hop on and help she mount the bike behind he . tuck hold on . he start the motorcycle and roar off , Lynn grip he tightly around the waist . behind they , a van with tinted - black window start up and pull out . ext . wood - day tuck pull he cycle into a cul - de- sac off of the main road . a high fence run the entire length of the road , but there 's a hole in it where it curve for the cul - de-sac . he help Lynn off and stack the helmet on the back . tuck come on . he lead she to the hole and help she climb through . once through , they be in a wood area . lot of tree and ivy and overgrowth . tuck take she hand and lead she . ext . land of myth they emerge from the wood into a huge clear area . everywhere you look be the remnant of what use to be a theme park devote to fairy tale . a plastic statue of Jack ( no sign of Jill ) lie on the ground cover by weed . a tall beanstalk like the one Jack might have climb ( have he be make of metal ) creep up to the sky but do not go as far as it use to . a castle that be once pristine be fall to ruin and ivy threaten to pull down its every wall . lynn where be we ? tuck it be call the land of myth . they close it down about fifteen year ago . lynn oh my God ... I have be here . as a kid . tuck I too . it be popular for a while . as they talk , they be walk through what 's leave of the display . Lynn begin take picture . tuck kind of creepy now , be not it ? lynn tell you the truth , I think it be kind of creepy back then . tuck you do ? lynn something about it give I the willy . but now , to see it like this ... why do they leave everything here ? tuck do not know . maybe it be hard to move . maybe no one want it . she keep snap pic . tuck we will have to compare picture sometime . lynn you take picture ? tuck yep . I take a lot of photography class in college . lynn I wish I would bring some black and white film . tuck it 's okay , you can make they black and white with a computer . lynn really ? tuck sure . you can do just about anything with a computer . there be movement behind they as the clown peer from around one of the exhibit . Lynn say nothing . she 's mull over something in she mind . tuck sense it and give she time , just keep check out all the relic . lynn listen . I have to level with you . my life be kind of a train wreck right now . tuck so ? lynn well ... what be we do ? tuck ( shrug ) get to know each other . lynn why ? tuck 's play stupid . tuck what do you mean , why ? lynn come on . I be attract to you and I think you be attract to I . but this be ... it 's just a bad time . tuck ( play stupid ) you be attract to I ? Lynn stop walk and smirk at he until he give . tuck okay okay . so we be past the subtext . what 's the problem ? lynn it 's really complicated . tuck you say that already . you be get divorced . what 's complicated ? lynn you ask for it . tuck give it to I . clown Pov he 's stalking they . they continue to talk , oblivious of the fact that there 's a psychotic clown stand fifty foot behind they . he move closer still . resume lynn -- and he 's try to take my son away from I . tuck why be the house still in he ex - wife 's name ? how long 's it be since he be marry to she ? lynn ten year . tuck that 's ... strange . lynn that 's not even the half of it . now I find out that he have not be work for the better part of a year . he would leave the house everyday , but where he go ...? tuck Jesus . lynn see , I have a lot of stuff to work out before I can even ... you know . tuck only smile . lynn I should have know , I mean he 's a man with a cat . single man with cat be bad news . at least , that 's what the magazine say . tuck ( laugh ) do you get enough picture ? lynn ready to go ? he nod . they head back the way they come , not see the clown as he circle around a structure to keep out of they sight . at one point , he 's close enough to reach out and touch they . back at the motorcycle Lynn climb on back as tuck pull on he drive glove . he straighten the motorcycle , and in the side mirror the clown duck back into the bush . tuck ready ? she grab he around the stomach . lynn yeah . he take off . dissolve to : ext . house - later tuck pull he cycle up to the curb and turn it off . she hop off just as detective Peters get out of he car across the street . he look like he 's be wait for a while . detective peter miss blodgett ? Lynn turn and see he . tuck do too , and something pass across he face . he can tell Peters be a cop , and there 's instant friction . like two alpha male try to stake out they territory . detective peter how you do ? lynn Fine . there 's the briefest moment where the detective wait for Lynn to introduce he to tuck . she do not , so he take the initiative . detective peter detective Peters , homicide . tuck homicide ? detective peter yeah , that 's when somebody die . tuck ( no shit ) thanks . detective peter there be a murder yesterday a few door down . ( look to Lynn then back to tuck ) now miss blodgett be see clown in she backyard . tuck shoot Lynn a question look . she roll she eye , like she 's tired of this guy . tuck turn he attention back to Peters . tuck take a clown to catch a clown , huh ? he laugh like he 's kid , but Peters get the jibe . he give a little laugh , make a show of examine tuck 's motorcycle . detective peter you know what we cop call this ? tuck no. detective peter a donorcycle . whenever there 's a accident with one of they , we pick up the rider and he brain 's all scramble but the rest of he be a-okay . perfect organ donor . tuck 's not impressed . tuck you know what we call cop where I come from ? detective peter no , what ? tuck we do not . he kick -start the motorcycle and drive off , give a wink to Lynn . detective peter who 's you friend ? lynn can I help you with something ? detective peter I do not know yet . lynn why be you here then ? detective peter I be a detective . I be ... detect . lynn ( tiring of it ) and what be you detect ? detective peter ... I have get a funny feel about you , miss blodgett . lynn well . try and keep it in you pants , would you ? she turn on she heel and head to she door . the detective watch she ass the entire way but make no attempt to follow . dissolve to : int . house - evening Lynn 's sketching from the picture of parrish 's father . nothing fancy , just some concept sketches to get the look down . dissolve to : int . amanda' house - same time amanda 's at the computer . she type something , read , smirk , type something again . she try again . dissolve to : int . house - later Lynn 's get about ten page of sketches next to she . outside she window , night have fall . but the sketch she 's work on now be different . she 's get color pencil and charcoal , and be pencil the clown she seem to be obsessed with . except now he eye be exactly like the one she see outside she slide - glass door the previous night . Black , reflect a pinprick of light . she stop and take a good look at she handiwork . then realize that she 's put off she pay project to do more sketches of she obsession . lynn for God 's sake ... she push it to the side and begin set up she easel to paint . dissolve to : int . amanda' house - same time amanda scroll down , click . a new page pop up . amanda begin read , but suddenly sit back . amanda woah . she read some more , scroll down . amanda woah . she grab the phone , casting a glance at the clock . ten forty . might be a little late with Lynn have nicky . disappointed , she hang up the phone . with a click of the mouse , she open up she email and begin write . just a quick note . she click send . dissolve to : int . house - same time Lynn paint . Broad stroke , get a feel for the paper , for the piece . nicholas ( o.s. ) mom-meeeeee ! she 's instantly break out of she artist trance . she rush up the stair . lynn you thirsty , nicky ? dissolve to : int . amanda' house / bathroom - same time the bathroom be steamy as amanda step out , one towel around she body as she use another to dry she hair . she move into she bedroom . the head towel get toss onto the bed . she begin blow - drying she hair with the electric hair dryer on she dresser . casually . no hurry . she spare a glance at herself in the mirror as she blow she hair back . she notice the curtain of she room move gently in the breeze behind she . she frown and switch off the dryer . she go to the window . she have to climb onto the bed to get to it , and immediately there 's a slight tinkling of glass . behind the bed lie break glass . there do not seem to be any of it on the bedsheet . amanda frown even more . what the --? she push the curtain out of the way . there 's a hole in she window about the size of a baseball . or a fist . for a moment it really do not bother she . some kid must have throw something through she window . then she see she window screen lie in the grass outside , partially bent . she push curtain aside to look at the top of the window . it 's unlock . her eye go wide . she 's frighten but not the kind prone to panic . she go for the portable phone by she bed ... it 's not there . just a empty cradle . she curse almost silently . where do she put it ? she take a quick look around she bedroom but do not see it . look at the doorway lead into the dark hallway , she seem to have a hard time swallow . she creep to the doorway and listen for the sound of a intruder . silence . for one moment she 's in indecision . maybe it 's nothing ( she forget to lock the window ) , could have be a baseball . if someone break into she house he would have fle when he hear someone be home ... into the hallway she move slowly , one hand hold to the towel around she body . she pass the live room ( no one there ) and get to the kitchen . she quickly move to the wall . stop . another empty cradle . no phone . that 's strange . that 's wrong . sense something in she peripheral vision she turn she head slightly . the clown stand in the open between the kitchen and dining room . amanda 's startle , but only for a moment . and then , rather then be scared , she scoff . amanda what the hell be you suppose to be ? the axe , which have be hang out of sight by he leg , thwacks into the kitchen wall . clown better . that do it . amanda run for the front door . the clown do not bother pull he axe out of the wall . he move quickly around the other side , intercept she before she get to the door . he grab for she - - only get the towel - - it come loose . a now naked amanda stumble as the towel be jerk from she . the clown toss it to the side and grab she by the hair before she can scramble more than a few foot . he drag she struggle form back into the kitchen . he grab she by the neck and slam she back into the wall so she foot be not touch the ground anymore . she 's choke . have to use both hand to keep from suffocating completely . the clown be suddenly aware of she nakedness . he run a finger down from she shoulder to the curve of she breast . he study she like he 's never see a naked woman before . she make a desperate grab at he face , rake she nail down one side of he cheek . the gashes be not deep , but they take off some of he paint . he slam she head against the wall . casually he toss she to the floor . she 's choke , try to get she air back . weakly crawl backward away from he . he wrench the axe from the wall . she try to beg -- can not talk , she larynx be crush -- put a arm up . the clown take a two hand grip on the axe . get ready to chop wood . he swing . int . house - later Lynn 's finish a painting . very nice , but not as clean as she painting on display . and it 's miss something ... some emotion . she 's look at the photo closely then look back at the picture . lynn what be you miss ...? she can not figure it out and she 's too tired to try . she cover the painting and go to bed . dissolve to : int . house - day Lynn enter from the front door . the phone be ringing . she rush to get it , leave the front door open . the phone stop ringing the moment she hand touch it . she curse silently . tuck ( o.s. ) knock knock . lynn hi. tuck 's stand right outside she screen door . tuck you be probably get sick of I , be not you ? Lynn pretend like she be , give he a sympathetic smile . lynn now that you mention it ... tuck I call earlier ... lynn I be drop nicky off with he father . tuck oh. well , do you want to do lunch ? lynn where ? tuck at La casa tucker . lynn I should be painting ... and do you really have a job ? tuck come on . best food in the state . indecision again . again , what she want to do beat out what she should do . lynn all right . I can spare a hour or so . he give she he winningest smile . tuck excellent . ext . tuck' house - later Lynn pull she mini-van up behind tuck 's motorcycle . the house be huge . tuck get off he cycle and lead she into the house . int . tuck' house Lynn follow he in and whistle appreciatively . two spiral staircase run on both side of the foyer to the second level . expensive art adorn the wall . tuck ( try to be modest ) I get a good deal . lynn ( not buy it ) hm-hmmm . tuck it be not much , but I call it home . what 's you pleasure ? chinese , italian , you name it . lynn be you may go to cook it ? he flash a reproachful smile . tuck I do not have a may . a orange cat stroll out from a side room . tuck hey tigg , we have a guest . Lynn see the cat , see tuck squat down to pet it , and she smile sardonically as she remember what she say about man and cat . lynn do you have a bathroom ? I have to pull my foot out of my mouth . tuck it 's okay . tigg be no ordinary cat . he 's a wolf at heart . ( stand up ) so what would you like to see on the menu ? lynn surprise I . ext . house - same time detective Peters , officer patrick and another cop stand at the door , have already knock . Peters knock again , loud and insistent . no answer . Peters turn to the cop . detective peter see if any of the window be break . the cop head around the side of the house . detective peter ( into he radio ) dispatch , this be four-oh-one . dispatch ( radio ) go four-oh-one . detective peter I need info on a three - twenty - two that happen in Queen Anne 's County two night ago . I need address on both victim . dispatch ( radio ) copy . Officer Patrick -- behind he -- clear he throat . officer patrick assault and battery , huh ? detective peter huh ? no , attempt robbery . officer patrick that 's three - twenty -one . detective peter nuh-uh . officer patrick yeah . detective peter do they change it ? officer patrick no. always be three - twenty -one . Peters be miff . this be the kind of shit that ruin he day . detective peter ( into radio ) dispatch , this be four- oh - one again . dispatch ( radio ) go four-oh-one . detective peter ( into radio ) that three - twenty - two may be a three - twenty - one . dispatch ( walkie - talkie ) say again ? detective peter ( into radio ) I need info on a attempt robbery . whatever the number be . one of the victim be name Lynn blodgett . I need the name and address of the other . dispatch ( radio ) copy . hold on . detective peter ( to Patrick , frustrated ) fuckin ' code . dissolve to : int . tuck' house - later tuck and Lynn sit at the table , have just finish a lunch that probably should have be a dinner . Lynn lean back , patting she stomach . lynn wow . I have to tell you , I be surprised . tuck why ? lynn you really do not strike I as the kind of guy who can cook . tuck ouch . ( pick up he plate and hers ) do I strike you as the kind who can wash dish ? lynn maybe with a dishwasher . tuck make yourself at home while I clean up . lynn sure you do not want help ? tuck I will be all right . she wander into what pass as a live room , but be more like a small museum . bookshelve line one side , and a huge plush couch separate the entertainment center from it . a family of four could live in he big-screen t.v . she peruse he book while they talk back and forth between room . tuck you say you should be painting . what be you work on ? wait , let I guess : a clown . lynn ha ha . stick to cooking . I have get a commission piece to do . have to be do in ... well , two day now . tuck not much time for a painting . lynn the money 's suppose to make up for it . tuck can I ask what you go rate be ? lynn for this piece , I be get twenty thousand . tuck ha ! I tell you that painting I buy from you be a steal . Lynn 's be flipping through occasional book . tuck 's interest be wide-ranging . there be a bunch of art book . on a lower shelf sit a stack of magazine . Lynn see one she recognize and pull it out . lynn we will see . I be really not sure I can do what the guy be ask . tuck what 's he ask ? Lynn flip through the magazine call " modern painter " and see a page which have be bent in to save the place . lynn a picture of he father . the page open to reveal a large photo of Lynn , follow by a article about she . tuck do not sound that tough . Lynn frown . she be under the impression that tuck know nothing about she when they meet . she flip to the front and note that the magazine be month old and have a subscription label on it with tuck 's name and address . not a recent buy . lynn his father be a clown and he want he to look a certain way . she grab another magazine out of the stack . one call " art gallery " . there be two page fold in . the first be a painting of hers with its name ( mary clown ) and she name under it . the second page show a picture of she with a short biography next to it . now she 's alarmed . tuck I mean to ask you . you think it 's strange that guy try to mug we with a knife when he 's get a gun in he coat ? she 's do not want to panic . ask he about it ? be they meeting just a chance thing , or have he be ... stalking she ? lynn maybe it be not load . tuck we would not have know that -- he 's interrupt by the doorbell . Lynn hastily drop the Art Gallery mag on top of a pile of magazine next to the fireplace , then go toward the front door as tuck answer it . detective Peters stand on the front stoop . detective peter Lynn blodgett here ? clearly , tuck 's not pleased that Peters have stop by . tuck yeah . lynn ( step into he line of sight ) what be it , detective ? detective peter could you come with I ? tuck what 's go on ? detective peter I need to talk to you , miss blodgett . let 's go back to you house . since Peters be ignore he , tuck physically step between Peters and Lynn . tuck what 's go on ? detective peter you want to step out of the way ? tuck you want to talk to my lawyer ? Lynn put a hand on he arm . lynn it 's okay . ( to Peters ) I take it this be important ? detective peter very . tuck do not seem to notice that Lynn 's a bit relieved to be get away . lynn thanks for a great lunch . tuck my pleasure . give I a call later , huh ? lynn I will . outside detective Peters see she to she car . lynn can you tell I what 's go on ? detective peter not here . lynn Nicholas - - my son --nothing 's -- detective peter it 's not about you son . please follow I back to you house . he head to he car . int . house - later Lynn and the detective enter . as they shut the door we can see Officer Patrick right outside the door . lynn well ? detective peter sit down . please . he escort she into the live room and get she to sit on the couch . detective peter amanda greene be murder last night . her head jerk back like she be punch . lynn what ? detective peter I be sorry , I know she work for you . she 's a strong woman . do not want to show she tear , so she fight they back . lynn she be my friend . it 's the only thing she can get out . the tear course down she cheek . detective peter there 's more . I wish I be better with the tact , but I be not . lynn what ? detective peter the scene of -- where she die ... I mean , it 's not just that . we do not have the coroner 's report yet , but I would bet my shield that ... ( lick he lip , probably should not say anything ) ... well , I think the person that kill you friend be the same person that kill the family three door down from you . lynn what ? she 's have a hard time deal with it . any of it . amanda ... dead , kill ... same as the neighbor ... detective peter I do not think it 's a coincidence . I think someone be zeroing in on you . Lynn 's too surprised to speak . detective peter I have already say more than I should . but there 's more . I need to know I have you complete confidence , that you will not repeat what I be about to tell you . to anyone . she nod , afraid to trust she voice . detective peter amanda fight back against the person . we have recover blood and tissue from under she fingernails . and ... grease paint . lynn paint ? she 's glance at she paint next to she easel . detective peter grease paint . like you would buy in any Halloween or costume shop . lynn I be sorry , I just , I do not understand . Peters take a photo out of he jacket pocket , not show it to she yet . detective peter the window that he enter from ... he 's not sure how to say it ... he shrug and hand she the photo . she look at it , not comprehend what she 's look at . a window with a hole in it . but below that , smudge white and a red dot center below it . then it hit she . her eye widen in shock . she stand up and move to she sketch pad . she flip it open to the clown -- she clown -- that she draw the night before . she hold the picture next to the sketch . it 's pretty obvious that if she clown be real , and he push he face against a window , it would leave that mark . White forehead , red nose . evil. peer in amanda 's window . just like he peer in she window . she hold the sketch and the photo out to Peters . he take they , but it 's like he already think . detective peter I admit that I do not take you seriously with you clown story the other night . lynn to tell you the truth ... I would convinced myself it be some hallucination , or shock from be mug . detective peter well , you have my assurance that I be take you deadly serious now . lynn thank you . detective peter this what he look like when you see he ? lynn yes . detective peter his eye be black like that ? lynn yes . detective peter huh . can I have this ? lynn yes . he stand , start back he way to the door . detective peter whoever this guy be ... we will get he . you need to watch yourself until we do though . I will have someone out in front of you house at all time . Lynn stay strong , nod . detective peter I will call you if I come up with anything . once he 's go though , the tear flow . she weep almost silently for she friend . ext . parking lot - day a car be park under the shade of a tree . bert 's saab pull in next to it , but during the conversation , the person in the other car can not be see . bert roll he window down . he try to act like he 's watch something in front of he while he talk . bert what the hell be take so long ? heston you do not want to take that tone with I . the man 's get a dangerous voice . bert back off . bert it be -- you be suppose to have do it by now . heston clearly , there 's be a problem . bert and what be that ? heston first , the guy she 's be hang out with . I could go around that . other problem , well , it 's a clown . bert what ? heston there 's a clown be follow she . bert a clown ? heston for a shrink you do not hear so good . bert tell I about this ... clown . heston only see he once . you wife and she new beau go sightseeing at a abandon amusement park . the clown follow they . bert what do he look like ? heston he look like a clown . face paint . frizzy thing around the neck . bert know something . he stare forward for a moment , debate , but do not address it . bert so what 's the problem ? heston people be get kill all around you soon - to- be-ex . the cop be swarm . bert what be you talk about ? heston a family , couple door down . then last night , a girl that work for she . bert amanda ? heston whatever . my source in the department say they get grease paint off the window the perp come in . ( on bert 's clueless look ) like clown makeup . this be gonna take more money . bert I do not think so . heston you choice . I will just take what you have give I as a deposit for service render . have a nice life . his car start . bert wait ! how much more ? heston hmmmm ... psychotic clown , cop galore . another ten . bert wince . he 's not happy about it . bert all right , but that 's it . I can not pay you any more . we come around so we finally see heston heston the whole make- it-look -like - a - mugging be out . get you alibi ready , doc . they be gonna question you . heston be the " mugger " who try to rob Lynn and tuck . heston I will do it when the money 's transfer . she 's as good as dead . his car pull away . bert watch he drive off , but he mind be on something else . something nag at he brain like a name on the tip of you tongue . int . gallery - later Lynn enter . all the make up in the world can not disguise the fact that she 's be cry . Phillip 's at the front desk do paperwork . he see she and rush over . phillip oh Lynn , I be so sorry . he hug she . she take a couple of deep breath , fight off the urge to cry again . lynn I be okay . phillip you sure ? lynn ( want smile ) yeah . when do you find out ? phillip about a hour ago . some detective come by to ask question . lynn detective Peters ? phillip yes . that be he . she shake she head at he persistance . lynn ( kid ) I think he 's be follow I . Phillip 's concerned . phillip why would a detective be follow you ? lynn I be joke . at least , a little . he seem to pop up all the time . phillip that 's strange ... oh , hey . he retrieve some papers from behind the counter . phillip I do not show this to the detective . I hope I will not get in any trouble . lynn what be it ? phillip amanda send we all a email last night . Lynn look at it . phillip it 's about Mr. parrish . his father be not just a clown ; he be a convict child molester . one of the child disappear , but they could never prove he have anything to do with it . lynn oh my God ... phillip the second page have some picture . Lynn look . the picture be from the trial . one picture in particular stick out : Mr. parrish 's father sit behind the defendant 's desk with a deep look of remorse on he face . feeling overwhelm , Lynn back herself onto a bench . phillip I be sorry , I should have wait to show you -- lynn no , it 's all right Phillip . I have to give this to the police . amanda send this to we last night sometime before ... ( can not bring herself to say it ) I have to give this to the detective . phillip if you do not want to paint for he , I understand . lynn I have to . I need the money . ( off he look ) I have to get a new lawyer . bert 's try to take nicky away from I . phillip he can not do that ... lynn he can . ( overwhelm ) I just do not feel like I could paint anything right now . I have get cop in front of my house -- the phone ringing interrupt she . Phillip answer it . phillip flinner Gallery . oh , hello Mr. Flynn ... Lynn shake she head : she 's not here . phillip no , I have not see she today . ( beat ) I will tell she you call when I see she . bye bye . he hang up . phillip what 's that all about ? lynn ( do not feel like go into it ) I do not feel like talk to anyone right now . ( occur to she ) hey , do he ever buy anything from the gallery before ? phillip well ... I do not think so . her cel phone pick that moment to ring . she look at the number : it 's tuck . she do not want to talk to he , but she do not want she phone to keep ringing . she put up a finger to Phillip to give she a minute , and she move off to talk . intercut lynn / tuck tuck 's lean against he car . lynn hello . tuck hey , there you be . I try to reach you at home and at the gallery . lynn yeah , I be run around ... tuck so , be everything okay ? what do that detective want ? lynn amanda , my assistant ... she be murder last night . tuck ... what ? lynn someone attack she in she house . tuck my God ... do they catch whoever do it ? lynn no . tuck be there anything I can do ? do you need anything ? lynn no. no. tuck Jesus . why would anyone do that ? do you want I to come by -- lynn no , it 's ... listen tuck. ( deep breath ) I think we uh , I need some time to deal with all this ... alone ? he 's disappointed , but hide it in he voice . tuck sure , I understand . I be here for you , okay ? lynn thanks . tuck you watch yourself , huh ? where be you now ? lynn I be ... outside the police station . tuck okay . give I a call if you need anything . anything at all . lynn okay . I will talk to you soon . tuck okay . bye . lynn bye . come around tuck to see he 's be stand in front of the gallery look at Lynn 's car . he know she 's lie . his expression be hard to read . dissolve to : ext . basement - later White cement step lead down to the basement door . bert , do he best to be covert , creep to the window look into the basement . from he vantage through a crack in the curtain , he can see the clown sit in a chair . the room be very dark , but he shape be there . bert creep down the step and try the knob . it open and he slip in . inside , he keep he back to the door . bert ( whisper hiss ) what be you do ? the clown 's head turn slowly . he look back to the answer machine on the table , then again to bert . he stand . clown doc-tor ? bert yes . what be you do , Doug ? the clown cock he head at a angle . he talk very slow , very stilted . clown my name be shiver . shiver the clown . bert 's edgy and uncomfortable . the darkness be pervasive , and oh yeah , there 's a homicidal clown twenty foot away . bert all right . shiver . what be you do ? clown what you tell I . get better . bert ( confuse ) what ? no . what you do -- amanda have nothing to do with get better . clown a-man-da ? bert yes . the girl you kill . this , what you be do , I think we would talk about it . you have get to stop this . you should come back and start therapy with I again . clown you be ... confusing I . he take a step up toward bert , who instantly recoil . bert wait . just ... just wait until you hear from I . I will call you . I will help you . clown help I get better ? bert yes . just wait for I . okay ? the clown 's breathe heavily . clown yes . bert do not take he eye off the clown as he open the door and back out . the clown watch he go , then sit back down . the phone begin ringing . at bert car bert rush to he car , jump in and lock the door . he fumble with he cel phone and dial from he phone book . busy . bert damnit ! ( redial , it 's ringing ) what the hell do you think you be do ? I think we agree use Doug be a bad idea . ( beat ) why ? because he 's nut ! yes , that 's my professional opinion ! ( beat ) come on Shane . this , this be not go to work . I have get -- look , this could come back and bite I on the ass . can you come by my house tonight ? okay . he hang up , start the car and drive off . dissolve to : int . house - evening Lynn 's get she easel set up in front of she while she sketches . there be a number of sketches already set out on the floor , but she 's not happy with they . she 's get the newspaper clipping of Mr. parrish 's father in front of she , reference it . ext . house Officer Patrick 's sit on the front bench read Stephen King 's it . he look up as a car pass , watch it drive by , then go back to he book . heston' Pov he 's park five house down across the street . a canvas bag be on the seat next to he . int . tuck' house tuck enter , toss he key onto a table in the foyer . he head into the live room , pick up the remote from the table and turn to drop back into the couch -- -- and he see the Art Gallery sit on top of the pile of magazine . he go to it , pick it up , confuse . definitely not where he leave it . he flip it open to the marker and Lynn 's face stare out at he . then the next magazine below it with another page - mark at Lynn . he put two and two together immediately . mentally curse himself . he grab the phone and dial Lynn 's number . int . lynn' house Lynn paint . page of sketches be strewn about she . all forget . her mind be now on one thing , the painting in front of she . the phone ring but Lynn pay no attention . she 's so focus that she probably do not even hear it . she 's immerse in the work . pay no attention to anything around she . in the zone . ext . house Officer Patrick zip up as he walk around from the backyard where he be apparently take a piss . a van pull up in front of the house with party - plus on the side . a happy clown get out and walk up the sidewalk . in heston' car heston lean forward , very interested in what 's go on . he be not expect this , but maybe there will be a open ... patrick can not believe it -- a clown walk up the sidewalk -- he fumble out he gun and point it at the clown , who do not notice it because he 's read from a clipboard . officer patrick stop right there ! the clown 's startle , just about drop he clipboard . happy clown woah ! what the hell ? officer patrick get over here , get on the ground ! happy clown all right , okay -- officer patrick now ! the clown lay down on the ground . Officer Patrick get on top and handcuffs he . happy clown I do not do nothin ' , I be call out here . officer patrick sure you be . you get id on you ? happy clown Inside the suit . you gotta zip down the zipper , in my back pocket there . from around the back of the house creep shiver the clown . he grip the string from a dozen float helium balloon . he see the cop work to get the other clown 's id . he walk out more confidently , come up behind the two . the cop 's get the happy clown 's id out and be look at it . shiver shift hand , release the balloon to reveal that he 's be hold he axe , hide by the balloon the whole time . int . tuck' house through the foyer window , tuck can be see start he motorcycle and peeling off . ext . lynn' house the happy clown , look over he shoulder back at the cop be the first to see shiver . a giant axe in he hand . happy clown hey ... Patrick turn just in time to see the descend axe blade . it take he in the back of the neck , almost decapitate he . his body fall onto the happy clown who start hyperventilate . shiver spare he a look , then start to turn toward the front door . as if he have some sixth sense though , he gaze be catch on heston 's car . heston have he mouth wide open . he 's try to sit very still . heston Holy shit ... the clown seem disturb . from this distance it 's hard to tell if he can see heston , but he seem to be stare right at he . shiver turn suddenly , stalking back the way he come . the happy clown have he eye close , must be go into shock or something . hyperventilate still . heston 's surprised by the sudden turn and take a look up and down the street . do not see any witness . he reach into he canvas bag and grab out a cheap rubber clown mask , pull it over he head . he quickly pull he car in front of Lynn 's house . he get out of the car -- one hand inside he jacket conceal the gun from earlier -- and hurry up the front walk . past the dead cop and the pin clown . he run smack into the front door which surprise he by be lock . he slam he shoulder into it . inside Lynn 's startle from she work by the bang against she front door . she put the brush down as there 's another bang . she bolt to she foot just as the third slam shatter the lock and blow the door open . heston move in fast , kick the door shut behind he , and stop to listen . from Lynn 's Pov , she see the clown - mask intruder move past the room she 's in . she 's terrify , but stifles she scream . the man be not in she sight now . she look around for a weapon , anything , but there 's nothing , no help at all . heston do not wait long . not hearing anything , he assume she 's upstairs asleep . he quickly creep up the stair toward she bedroom . Lynn do not hear he go up the carpete step . quietly she creep to the edge of the wall , peer around the corner . he 's not in sight . do he go to the kitchen or up the stair ? she eye the door . ten foot away and close . she creep out quietly , reach for doorknob , keep she eye darting back and forth between the upstairs and the kitchen . her hand 's on the knob when heston come out from the bedroom . his eye widen inside the mask as he see she at the door . he fire without aim . the bullet splinter a chunk out of the door but miss its mark . Lynn scream and run toward the back of the house , toward the glass door . ext . lynn' house tuck pull up on he motorcycle and get off . he see the dead cop , the clown pin underneath he , and leap off he motorcycle . as he run to the house there 's a gunshot . int . lynn' house heston fire again and rush down the stair after she . Lynn run into the slide glass door , pull it , but it 's lock , she fiddle with the lock -- both way , still will not budge - - she see the stick wedge to keep it shut , grab it -- heston hey ! she turn , hold the stick in front of she like a sword . she 's terrify . heston 's there , make all the more menace by he clown mask . heston nothin ' personal , lady . just deliver a message from you husband . he say goodbye . he raise the gun level to she head . tuck dive into heston 's back , bear he to the ground . heston drop the gun to keep from slamm headfirst into the carpet . tuck struggle to keep control , keep heston down , but heston 's try to get up , get some leverage . they be grapple for control , roll and slide across the floor like a couple of high - school wrestler . neither one see Lynn pick up the gun . int . bert house / bedroom in the background running water can be hear . bert pull off he shirt , then massage he trapezius like he neck be bother he . he look up at the knock on he front door . he leave he bedroom and head for the front door . he look through the peephole , see no one , then open the door . there 's no one there . there be a van with tinted window in front of he next door neighbor 's house . he look at it , but it do not register . he go back inside and shut the door , rub at he aching neck some more . in he bathroom he step into the steaming hot water , lie back . it 's a little cramped , but he do not seem to mind . he take a second to let the heat soak into he muscle . then he reach over the side of the bathtub and grab he book . we can see that he leave the bathroom door crack open slightly . he relax , get into the book . there 's a creak from right outside the bathroom door . bert lower the book and look toward it . it must be he imagination , but the door look like it 's open a little farther . he go back to read . turn the page . there 's another creak , but this time there 's something different . without lowering the book , bert can feel it . there 's a pregnant moment where he look like he 's not go to lower the book and look . but he finally do . the clown stand in the bathroom doorway , the axe in hand . bert look like he 's just run into a bear and do not know whether to run or play dead . bert now , hold on a minute -- the clown rush he , jabbing the axe point viciously into bert as he try to get up . blood mix into the water as the clown continue to stab , stab , stab . int . lynn' house heston jab a elbow at tuck 's head . tuck turn he head but still take it in the cheek hard . it 's enough to let he slip out of tuck 's grasp . he turn to run -- -- Lynn , a distant look in she eye , stand there point the gun at he . tuck stand up . heston Lady ... you do not know how to use that . famous last word . Lynn pull the trigger . Glass shatter behind heston . he turn to look and see a ruin picture feature a bullet hole . he turn back to she and smile but the smile die as he feel something on he chest . blood be soaking he T-shirt . heston have enough time to realize he 's in a direct line between the picture and the gun , then the life fade from he eye . he collapse sideways . tuck be shocked . Lynn can not seem to get she eye off of heston 's body . tuck Lynn . give I the gun . she turn she eye from the die man to tuck . they strange lack of depth give tuck cause for concern . tuck ( reassure ) Lynn . he hold he hand out . after a moment , she hand he the gun . dissolve to : ext . lynn' house - later Police car be cluster in front of the house . Lynn and tuck stand off to the side try to stay out of the way . there 's a uncomfortable distance between they that tuck 's try to figure a way into . tuck hey ... listen , I want to explain about the magazine . he hope she will say forget about it , but she do not . he go on . tuck I have be a big art fan for year , all kind , and I first see you art in that mag . when I hear about the show downtown , I think it would be neat to see some of you painting up close . lynn you say you see my picture in the program . tuck I do . that 's just not the only place I see you picture . I do not want you to flip out and think I be a stalker , which ... be probably what you be think right about now . Lynn 's noncommittal . detective Peters come out of the house and head over to they . he pull Lynn away from tuck so he can talk to she privately . detective peter well . helluva shot , miss blodgett . he 's pretty dead . lynn good . detective peter remorse . I like that . it seem you husband pay that guy to kill you . lynn for a detective , you have the shittiest people skill I have ever see . detective peter thanks , I have take class . lynn why would bert do that ? he 's divorce I , he 's take everything -- detective peter I will make a wild guess and say he 's get a sizeable life insurance policy out on you . lynn oh. oh my God ... detective peter yeah . we find a tape recorder in Mr. hitman 's car . he would tape a few conversation with you husband , conversation where you husband hire he to kill you . lynn no ... detective peter yep . plain old greed . I guess get the hitman to dress up as a clown must have be he be creative . Hell , it 's as good a disguise as any . lynn but he be not the clown I see -- detective peter he probably change outfit . lynn I do not think so . detective peter be you positive ? she think . that night on the porch , it happen to so fast , it be dark and she faint ... she just can not be sure . lynn he have makeup on when I see he . detective peter probably figure out a mask be much less work . easier to take off . he 's get he mind make up and he 's start to convince she . lynn why do not he kill I that night then ? after I faint ? detective peter maybe he get scared off by you friend on the phone . we will never know for sure . ( wave it off ) you just take it easy . we be look for you husband now . lynn you do not know where he be ? detective peter we think he 's on the run . no sign of he at he house . do not worry about it , we will get he soon . whatever you be ask for in this divorce thing ... ask for more . you will get it . she nod , realize the implication for she and Nicholas . no way will they give custody to bert now . detective peter if you have any other question , give I a call . ( hand she a card ) my home number 's on the back . night or day , do not matter . lynn okay . thanks . he smile reassuringly and leave . tuck come over . tuck I hear . I think you should try and get some sleep . Lynn nod , but look doubtful . tuck can I give you a call tomorrow ? when everything 's more normal again ? she think it over , decide she want he to . lynn okay . I guess I could give you a second chance , see that you save my life and all . tuck ( he smile 's back ) great . he give she a quick hug , get on he cycle , and ride off . Lynn turn back toward she house and watch the cop , wait for they to finish they work . CUT to : int . lynn' house Lynn 's in bed again , toss and turn . in her dream a sterile , white hall , infinitely long . people move in and out of we sight , all blurry , out of focus . as they clear out we see a young boy sit on a bench . he look at we sadly . young boy Dead . they be all dead . he stand up and point a finger at we accusingly . young boy they be all dead ! the clown 's face pop into view stare right at we , smile like a demon . lynn sit up in bed , she heart racing . look around , start to get she bearing . she see a clown doll sit on she dresser that be not there before . who could have put that there ...? all at once , it begin to turn its head , its eye glaring a malevolent red -- lynn sit up in bed for real this time , look immediately to she dresser . no clown doll there . she look out the window ; the sun be come up on a new day . dissolve to : int . gallery - day Lynn , Phillip and Mr. parrish be stare at a painting that be propped on a easel in the middle of the room . Mr. parrish stare in wonder . mr. parrish it 's amazing . simply amazing . we see the painting . it 's the one Lynn be work on of Mr. parrish 's father , and it capture the look he want , to perfection . tear appear in he eye . mr. parrish it 's even better than I could have imagine . I can not thank you enough . ( to Phillip ) please . wrap it up . Phillip take the painting off to wrap it . Mr. parrish pull he checkbook out and begin write . he finish , signing he name with a flourish . mr. parrish what be the final price agree upon ? lynn twenty thousand . Mr. parrish nod , he know . he hand she the check . she take it without look at it . mr. parrish I will spread the word about you talent , miss blodgett . you have quite a future before you . lynn thank you . Mr. parrish walk to the front door to where Phillip be wait with he painting . mr. parrish good day . he take he painting and leave . phillip wow . Home run , Lynn . she smile , look at the check . lynn I can sure put this to -- ( frown , then blink ) oh my God . phillip what ? lynn this check be make out for a hundred thousand dollar . he give I a hundred grand . the phone ring . Phillip get it . phillip hello ? Mr. Flynn ? he shoot a question look to Lynn . she nod and reach for the phone . phillip hold on please . lynn hello ? pretty good actually . a hundred thousand dollar good . ( beat ) I will tell you later . ( laugh ) thanks . uh... well , convince I . dissolve to : int . phillip be - night Phillip be busy in the kitchen make what look to be a elaborate meal . he check in one of he cabinet for noodle -- none there . he begin to go downstairs to get some but something in he backyard catch he eye . there 's someone out there stand in the shadow of a tree . Phillip frown . from he vantage it 's hard to see anything . he go back the way he come , through he hall , into he bedroom . look out the back window . he 's get a slightly better view , but it 's still not great . the person almost look like ... a clown . Phillip draw back away from the window , frown . he walk back into the hall and turn into the guest room on the corner of he house . one window face the backyard while another next to it face the side of he house . he look out the backyard window . have to blink once . the clown be go . unless ... Phillip try to peer around to see if the clown be behind the tree , but it do not look like it . Phillip lean back again and do not see the clown stare in the side window at he . he turn to leave as the clown raise the axe , swing it at the window . on the axe crash through glass : CUT to : int . movie theater - night tuck escort Lynn into the theater . it 's huge , cover wall to wall in advertisement for movie . lynn Nice theater . tuck only the best for you . lynn will we be able to get popcorn ? tuck with butter . and a Coke . he wink like , I get the hook -up . jeff appear at the top of the stair lead to the second level . jeff hey tuck ! I be about ready . you be gonna be in theater eight . tuck great . thanks . we be gonna grab some concession . jeff I can send Bobby down to do that . tuck no , that 's cool . I know where everything be . jeff help yourself . he jog back to the projection booth , punch the code to get through the door . tuck motion Lynn to follow he behind the concession booth . int . stairwell a thin set of concrete step run down to a steel door , all bath dimly yellow by the auxillery light . the clown make he way slowly up the step . the giant axe in one hand . a canvas bag in he other hand , thump thumping with every step . something short and thin be inside the bag , and it 's not move . something that look like a small body ... int . movie theater / concession a bucket of popcorn sit on the counter next to the soda fountain . tuck be fill two cup at the same time . lynn you be like a expert . if I do not know better , I would swear you have do that before . tuck Burger King when I be in high school . it 's a lose art . lynn you know , I work at a theater when I be in high school . do not last two month . tuck they do not know what they lose . he let off of the tap at the same time . both soda be identically fill . he wait until the foam go away and finish fill they . he pop a top on they and hand she one . tuck ready ? lynn ( suddenly occur to she ) what be we see ? tuck I be think some scary horror movie where you would have to snuggle close to I , but give the past couple of day ... ( shrug ) I opt for a sappy love movie instead . lynn good choice . they head toward the auditorium . int . projection room Jeff be carry the reel of film -- it 's the entire movie roll together , and it 's so big he can not even see around it . he slide it onto a platter and thread it through the projector . bobby , a pimply teen , pop out of the bathroom and shout down . bobby I be gonna go make sure the door be all lock up . jeff okay ! Bobby disappear out the door as Jeff finish thread the film . as he stand up , movement at the far end of the projection booth catch he eye . he squint . it 's hard to tell . small pool of light at each projector be the only illumination . most of the room be in darkness . still ... something 's off . the shape be not right at the far end . Jeff make he way slowly toward the end . he 's twenty foot away from the spot when the clown step out of the shadow . the only thing in he hand be the axe , but it 's shadow in the darkness behind a film platter . jeff ( jump ) hey ! ( relieved for a moment ) scare the shit out of I . then he realize -- it 's late at night and there 's a clown in he projection booth . it dawns on he : someone 's play a joke . jeff do Bobby put you up to this ? the clown take a step toward he . clown she will pay . jeff this be not cool , man . you can not be up here . this be -- the clown take another step , splash a shaft of light onto the axe blade . jeff woah. ( step back ) I will get Bobby for you . he take another step . the clown raise the axe . Jeff turn to run , panic grow on he face . the clown hurl the axe . it spin twice and smack solidly into the back of Jeff 's head . he drop . the clown move to he and grasp the haft of he axe . he tug at it , pull Jeff 's head from the ground , but the axe do not come out . he have to put one foot on Jeff 's head , and with a vicious yank , rip it free . he do not bother wiping it off as he move toward the door . the clown move to the small window that look down into the theater . he can see tuck and Lynn seat in the middle of the auditorium . int . auditorium tuck pick that moment to look back . from he vantage point , the shape be too dark behind the window for he to recognize . think it 's Jeff , he wave . the clown back away from the window . tuck I think he 's get ready to start it . lynn good . this be a little past my bedtime . tuck I be glad you come out . I be not sure you would , you know , give ... lynn ( nod ) might be good for I to see a movie , forget it all for a couple of hour . tuck ( nod ) that 's the right attitude . who 's get Nicholas ? lynn Julie . she 's be die to take he for a while anyway . CUT to : int . julie' house - continuous the kitchen 's a wreck . the table be flip on its side , and papers and a bowl of fruit be scattered on the floor . moving to the phone jack , a wire plugge into it . following the cord we see the cradle of the phone , and a spiral - cord trail off ... ...to the phone . a hand clutches it limply . we follow the hand past the bracelet up the arm to where it end at the shoulder . the arm be no longer attach to a body , but cut cleanly at the top . moving across the floor now marre with puddle of blood to where Julie lie butcher . her face , other than spatter of blood , be untouched , but she body be in piece . CUT to : int . movie theater - continuous Bobby 's testing the door to make sure they be all lock and will not open without a key , even from the inside . that take care of , he hop the concession counter and turn off the freeze drink machine . he head through the back and come out at the rear concession entrance . he take a step toward the stair , but stop and make a sudden decision to head into the bathroom . whistling no particular tune , he enter a stall and unzip , not bother to shut the door . the clown 's boot on the tile floor do not make enough noise to alert Bobby . Bobby 's do pissing and shake . the clown stand right behind he outside of the stall . Bobby tuck himself back in he pants and be about to turn when the clown ram the axe point through he back , throw the helpless teen against the wall in front of he . something major 's be hit ; blood be run out of he chest like a river . his strength leave , Bobby fall to one knee over the toilet . the clown jerk the axe out of he , and without the support , Bobby collapse completely . the clown turn . listen . int . auditorium tuck and Lynn be get a little antsy . tuck if this take much longer , I be gonna demand my money back . she smile . lynn what do you think the hold up be ? tuck shrug that he do not know . a hollow SOUND , muffle , seem to come from the entrance to the auditorium . tuck what 's he do now ? the clown walk slowly into the auditorium . he 's completely out of sight of Lynn and tuck ; until he round about the third row of seat , he will be out of sight behind the concrete wall that support the stadium seating . tuck ( joke ) I be gonna have to speak to a manager if you do not start the movie , Jeff ! no expression from the clown . tuck be look at Lynn when the clown round the first row of seat . she 's look right at the clown , and the look on she face be enough to wipe the smile off of he . the question form on he face , but he turn to look , and see . the clown have stop at the foot of the first stair . he hold the bloody axe in both hand . lynn no ... clown you be gonna pay . tuck stand , pull a terrify Lynn to she foot . tuck grab he soda , but keep a eye on the clown . the clown mount the stairway , one at a time . no hurry . tuck push Lynn behind he , back she down the aisle away from the clown . by the time the clown be on the same aisle level as they be , he 's at one end and they be at the other . the clown consider this . he take a step forward . tuck push Lynn down a step . the clown back up . tuck do not move . tuck move slowly down the stair . Lynn , almost daze , do . instead of follow , tuck move up a stair . the clown do not even look at he . focus entirely on Lynn , watch she like a cat about to pounce . tuck hey ! tuck do not even exist to the clown . tuck ( to Lynn ) wait . she stop . the moment hang , all three stare at one another . Lynn and the clown as if in a trance , tuck 's mind racing with indecision . tuck run ! he throw he soda at the clown and run down the stair toward Lynn . the soda 's a great throw . it get the clown 's attention , something come at he from he peripheral vision . he bat it away with he axe , then cross through the aisle in pursuit of the flee couple . Lynn and tuck burst out the auditorium door . tuck , think quickly , overturn the large trash can in front to block the door . tuck come on ! he grab she hand and pull she toward the front door . they smack into they and can not understand why they do not open . they be just push - lever door , but they do not realize Bobby have lock they with a key . the clown have run into the auditorium door , which be jamme shut by the trash can . he kick at the door . tuck run to the single door to the side of the main entrance and try to open it . no joy there either . lynn break they ! tuck with what ? it 's reinforce safety glass . tuck hear the sound of the door hit the trashcan as the clown kick it . tuck come on ! he grab she hand and head down the side corridor lead back toward the theater . the clown have kick the door enough that the trash can no longer jam it . he slide out and stride toward the front . tuck and Lynn emerge through the corridor door , right back in front of the auditorium entrance . tuck cautiously go right back to the theater they come from . he open the door as wide as he can without hit the trash can , let Lynn slide in , and he follow . the clown stand in the lobby where tuck and Lynn be moment before . he 's listen , but there 's no sound . his gaze travel from the glass door to the concession stand . consider . back to the door . a table next to the concession stand have paper and pen for enter a contest . the clown go to it , prop he bloody axe on top while he grab a sheet of paper and a pen . he begin write . int . detective peter ' house - same time Peters be in short , T-shirt and sock . he 's put together a puzzle at he kitchen table . it look to be about 10,000 piece , but he 's do pretty good . computer ( o.s. ) thrill I ! Peters put down the puzzle piece he 's hold and go to he computer . he click a couple of button and he email pop up , display the message " new email " . it read " blood sample # 4990345 dic : peter " . the second line read " department of justice known sex offender doug richardson " . Peters be get interested now . he read on and something catch he eye . detective peter oh shit ... under whereabouts next to a list of date it say " commited : roundsville mental institution , doctor : bert tokyo " . Peters grab he cel phone and dial a number . detective peter Vic , it 's Peters . yeah , I be up late . look , we get a problem . that blood sample from the girl 's fingertip -- come back a match to a DOJ sex offender name Doug Richardson . something from the other end . detective peter yeah , not heston and get this : he 's get leber 's congenital amaurosis . no I do not make that up . it 's a rare disease , normally cause blindness , but in some case it can cause the sclera of the eye to turn black . and to top it off , this guy be a psych case over at roundsville and you will never guess who he doctor be . ( smile as Vic guess ) right . I think he have two people try to kill she . send some uniform over to she house , have they wake she up and secure it . call I when that 's do . Vic say something on he end . detective peter right . hey , see if we can get some pic of this guy . yeah . he hang up , but look worried . in the auditorium tuck rush Lynn up the stair to the door at the top . he peer through the small window -- coast look clear -- then lead the way through . they be on the second floor , a small level overlook the front lobby . a stairway lead down the front . tuck move to the projection - room door and pull on it . it 's lock ; a numeric keypad be set into the wall . lynn ( whisper ) knock on it . tuck too loud . he 's get he radio on in there anyway . tuck try a combination , pull gently . still lock . he try another , pull again . lock . Lynn take a look at the keypad . five number . lynn be you kid ? there 's a hundred and twenty combination . tuck you have another idea ? he keep try . downstair the clown stand in the center of the lobby . whatever he do with the paper , there 's no sign of it now . he 's listen . the sound of tuck try combination can barely be hear , and from the lobby it 's hard to know where it 's come from . the clown heft he axe and walk back toward the auditorium , pass the stairwell to the second floor . he suddenly stop though , realize the sound be come from above he . he backtrack and begin climb the stair . above Lynn have move to the top of the stair and be peer down they . suddenly , the top of the clown 's head come into she sightline , but because of the angle , he do not see she . she rush back to tuck . lynn ( harsh whisper ) he 's come ! tuck 's still try combos . nothing 's work . tuck if he get to the top , run back into the theater . he keep go . the clown be halfway up the stair . he can definitely hear they now . the paint smile on he face seem to widen . his stride , however , do not quicken . at the top Lynn 's petrify , watch the stair with she back against the wall . anticipate the appearance of she deep fear bring to life . and appear he do . slowly , inevitably , he head appear , then he axe . step by step he 's almost to the top . lynn he 's here ... tuck look quickly , go back to the code . as the clown get to the top step , the door surprise all three of they by open to tuck 's pull . they dart in to the projection room as the clown rush at they . tuck pull the door shut just in time as the clown slam into it . the clown pull on the door , but it 's lock again . int . projection room Lynn and tuck take a breather . safe for the moment . tuck Jeff ! there 's no one in sight . tuck he may be on the second level . ( point to the phone ) call the police . I will go find he . she go to the phone and pick it up . for a moment you can see that she think it 's go to be dead , but it 's not . like a prayer answer , she 's get a dial tone . she hit 911 . int . detective peter ' house - same time Peters be dress now and head for the door . he forget he key , go back for they on the counter , and he radio crackle to life , scare the crap out of he . detective peter Peters . cop ( radio ) she 's not at the house . it 's empty . detective peter no sign of a break in ? cop ( radio ) nope . however , dispatch just get a 911 from a woman who say she 's , uh , be chase by a killer clown . at the Columbia Golden Arts theater . detective peter they have unit on the way ? cop ( radio ) yeah . detective peter tell the supervise seargent I be ten minute away . he rush out the door . int . movie theater - same time tuck come down the stair . Lynn 's run he way . tuck do you get through ? lynn yes . I leave the phone off the hook . they say they be on the way . tuck ( nod ) good . Jeff be not up there . lynn you do not think he 's ... tuck I hope not . come on , let 's see if the back door 's open . he lead she toward the door the clown originally come in . he stop suddenly . tuck wait here . lynn what ? tuck he 's be here . he try to block she view , but she see anyway . Jeff sit , he back against the door . blood glisten all over he and he eye be wide open , forever stare at nothing . lynn be the door open ? tuck gently move Jeff 's body out of the way , then try the door . do not move . he throw himself against it , but it still do not budge . Lynn begin search through Jeff 's pants . tuck what be you do ? lynn look for key . tuck 's surprised by she initiative ; you do not see he go through the dead guy 's pants . she finish , come up empty . tuck nothing ? she shake she head , hopeless . ext . movie theater four patrol car with flash light be park in front of the theater as detective Peters pull up in he unmark . one older cop hurry over to intercept Peters . detective peter detective Peters , homicide . where 's you sarge ? older cop have not show up yet . all the door be lock , I get guy on perimeter around the building . detective peter why have not you go in ? there 's a woman trap in there with -- well , a murderer . older cop can not go in . detective peter why not ? the cop motion he over , they go to the front door . a piece of paper be tape on the glass door face out . written in child - like scrawl be the word " come in they die " . Peters see it , refrain from cursing . older cop I have call in the tac team . detective peter this guy 's not take hostage . the older cop shrug . nothing he can do . Peters know it too . detective peter dammit . he stare in through the glass impotently . int . movie theater tuck and Lynn rush back to the phone . tuck tell they we be trap in the projection room . Lynn pick up the phone , which she leave off the hook . tuck 's look around for a weapon . the best he find be a broom with detachable end . he unscrew it and be leave with a five - foot pole . lynn hello ? hello ? she click the hang - up button a couple of time . lynn the line 's dead . intercut the junction box where all the phone line come in and go out . they be hang out of the box like stray hair , have be rip out . back to scene tuck you have you cel phone ? lynn ( shake she head ) it 's in my car . you ? tuck do not want anyone to get in touch with I tonight . okay , no problem . we can wait it out here . the cop should be here any minute . we will just wait . Lynn move to a group of door , if only to keep herself busy . the one on the leave have a restroom sign on it . the other two door have nothing on they . lynn where do this go ? tuck come over and shrug . then he kick one door , shatter the lock and throw it open . he reach in and flick on the light . tuck ( answer she question ) manager 's office . they check out the room . Lynn confirm the phone do not work in this room either . tuck 's interested in a giant monitor with button on it . the monitor show different part of the theater ; every camera in the building be patch into it . tuck push a button and the view switch to one particular camera . he push another and it move to another camera . tuck take a look at this . ( she do ) Security camera . tuck push button after button , search for any sign of the clown . he do not seem to be on any of the camera . lynn where be he ? tuck hit the button that show all sixteen camera at one time . two of the monitor show the outside parking lot which have police car and officer all around . tuck look . the cop be here . Lynn smile with relief , but the smile die as she realize something . lynn what be they wait for ? why be not they come in ? tuck see what she mean . the cop seem to be take up siege position . tuck uh ... I do not know . unless they think he 's get we hostage ... lynn so we be on we own . now that it 's be say out loud , it start to sink in . tuck try to be optimistic . tuck do not worry . we be safe here . the sound of metal hitting plexiglass make Lynn jump . it happen again . tuck oh shit . he can reach the projection window from the smaller theater . lynn can he get through ? tuck ... I do not know . whack ! then silence . Lynn and tuck move out of the room and wait in the center of the aisle , stare down past the projector into the darkness . expecting the clown to appear . then whack ! after a moment of silence , tuck lead Lynn slowly toward where the sound come from . brace for the next slam , but the silence drag . they approach the window look down into the theater . very slow . like the clown 's face be go to appear suddenly . it do not , but what they see in the theater take Lynn 's breath away . shock. fear. hopelessness . it 's all reflect in she expression . tuck ( sotto voce ) oh shit ... the clown stand in front of the theater screen , he axe grip in he leave hand . his right hand rest on the shoulder of Nicholas , who stand there in a daze . for some reason the boy do not seem to be afraid . the clown see they in the window . he look at Nicholas , then back to Lynn and tuck . his look say everything : the boy for you . tuck I will distract he . you get nicky out of there . the shock seem to have focus Lynn . lynn no . he will kill you . Lynn 's sudden calmness worry tuck . tuck hey . I be not gonna let anything happen to either of you . lynn I be okay . I be okay . ( reassure smile ) I be go out there but I need you to do something for I . tuck ( can not believe it ) you be what ? lynn I be tired ... I be tired of be scared . and I will not let he hurt my son . now listen to I . int . auditorium the clown stare at the now -empty window into the projection room . nicky 's have a hard time keep he eye open . lynn ( o.s. ) all right . the clown turn . Lynn stand at the foot of the theater . defiant and angry , but it 's impossible for she to completely conceal she fear . lynn I be here . let he go . the clown turn . see she . he smile , but it 's a gruesome , sadistic smile make even more hideous by he makeup . he release the boy . lynn come here , nicky . he do . Lynn kneel down in front of he , keep she eye on the clown . lynn ( quiet ) nicky , I want you to go outside and wait for I . understand ? he nod . lynn go on . he walk out , casting one glance back at he mother . when he 's go , the clown take a step toward Lynn . lynn wait ! ( the clown stop ) why be you do this ? what do you want ? clown to get ... better . he move to the aisle . Lynn move into a row of seat to keep as much distance as possible between they . lynn but why I ? clown it be you fault . one step at a time the clown come up . Lynn back up until she 's at the foot of the other aisle . she back she way farther up the stair as the clown begin to cross the row . she 's half - way up when he get to the foot of the aisle lead up to she . gain ground even though he 's not rush . he put a foot on the stair . Lynn 's not move . too petrify to move ... or wait ? the clown take another step , he grip on the axe tightening . lynn wait ! the clown stop . Lynn 's terrify , try to hide it . desperate . hope this work . without turn she own head , she point back toward the projection booth . lynn look ! instinctually , the clown do . a blind beam of light streak out of the projector redirected at the clown . it 's a broad beam , 30,000 candle - watt of power , full in the face . he yell in pain , turn away , but too late . he 's blind , maybe permanently . Lynn shield she eye and slide she way across the row of seat . still averting she eye from the light , she accidentally kick over a soda . the clown hear it , yell angrily . he climb the stair to she level and move in she direction , try to hone in on the sound . he swing the axe in front of he , even though he 's not close to she . the projector light be no longer follow he . Lynn 's freeze , watch as the clown feel he way across the seat . come closer . Lynn move away , accidentally kick ice from the soda she just knock down . the ice make tic tic sound as it fall to the next level . the clown , now know he 's on the right track , start to move quickly toward she through the row . Lynn turn and run . the clown follow , stumbling against the seat in he blind chase . her shoe now wet , Lynn slip as she try to cut out of the aisle , crash against the wall . she turn -- the clown stand above she , he axe raise to deliver the kill blow -- tuck ( o.s. ) hey . the clown turn toward the voice . he can not see it , but tuck 's hold a broom handle like a baseball bat . tuck swing for the fence . the pole splinter in half as it thwacks into the clown 's forehead . he fall back against the stair . tuck pull Lynn to she foot and push she ahead of he . he turn to look back at the clown . amazingly , the clown be already stand , the axe raise over he head for a huge swipe at tuck . tuck 's get nowhere to go . in desperation , he lunge at the clown and grasp the axe handle as it start its downward arc . he manage to stop it , but he have to hold on for dear life . the clown be much stronger than he be , and now can feel he . the clown release one hand from the axe and grab tuck by the throat . with a iron grip , the clown begin to choke he . tuck desperately grasp out like the clown , he hand grab at the clown 's throat . he squeeze , but the clown do not seem bother . just cock he head slightly and continue to choke the life out of tuck . tuck push the axe to the side and slug the clown in the face . the clown be stunne for a second . tuck punch he again . it seem to have the opposite effect , and bring the clown out of he daze . the clown swing the axe with he leave hand in a swipe mean to cut tuck in half at the stomach . tuck barely catch it again . the clown 's get piss . he 's still get a grip on tuck 's neck , and he use it to throw tuck to the ground . he take he wood - chopping grip and raise the axe for a massive swing . detective peter ( o.s. ) drop it or you're dead ! the clown turn he head to the new threat . detective Peters and two cop stand at the entry to the auditorium , and every one of they have a gun point at he . the clown turn back to tuck , a hateful sneer on he face . he look like he 's gonna chop he anyway . Peters ' finger tighten on the trigger . detective peter don 't ! the clown look back to the cop . the tension finally relax from he grip . he throw the axe to the ground . Peters motion the cop over to the clown , and do not take he sight off until he 's securely cuffed . he go over to tuck . detective peter Jesus ... he extend a hand to tuck and help he up . detective peter that be the biggest fuck clown I have ever see . dissolve to : int . movie theater - later Lynn , hugging nicky protectively , and tuck be in the lobby of the theater , again strobe by flash red and blue light from the police car outside . detective Peters finish talk to some of the cop and join they , a grim look on he face . detective peter how you hold up ? lynn we be okay . what about Julie ? detective peter she 's dead . I be sorry . tuck try to comfort Lynn by put he arm around she . for a moment , the three almost look like a family . Peters notice this and seem to feel a little awkward , shift uncomfortably . detective peter the paramedics be go to need to take Nicholas to the hospital for a while . just do a few test . you can ride in the ambulance if you want . she nod , shock set in . tuck I will follow you . they follow Peters outside toward the flash light . dissolve to : int . lynn be car - night Lynn , dead tired , on she way home from the hospital . Nicholas be asleep in the passenger seat . there 's a beep from the back seat . at first Lynn do not notice it . it beeps again , and she remember she cel phone in the back seat . she grab it and see she have a message . she dial she voice mail and listen . voice mail operator today , two thirty - four a.m . phillip ( phone ) ( weak , barely audible ) Lynn ... Lynn ... the line go dead . Lynn look at she car clock : 3:32 Lynn have a terrible think . what if the clown go to Phillip 's like he do to Julie 's ? she dial the phone , get a busy signal . lynn oh no ... Phillip . she turn down a side street , head toward Phillip 's . ext . phillip be - night not many light on at Phillip 's house . Lynn look at nicky , still asleep , then back to Phillip 's . nothing look amiss . Phillip could be asleep . maybe it be nothing ... she lock the car door and head up the walkway . at the front door she pause . it 's open a crack . lynn oh no ... she push the door open , dread what she 's about to see , while dial 911 on she cel phone . inside the place be trash . chair and table overturn . picture rip from the wall . Lynn make herself go in . lynn Phillip ...? please ... she move in , completely expect to find Phillip 's body , the phone in she hand forget . brace herself for what she 's about to find . phillip ( o.s. ) Lynn ? she can not believe it . she start to move toward he voice , but stop when she see he . he 's stand in the hall , he back to she . something 's not right though ... phillip I hear it on the police scanner . lynn Phillip , what ...? Phillip turn , but the face that meet she be nightmarish . his face be roughly paint , like he do it himself . he look like the shark - toothe clown from one of she painting . Lynn recoil , confuse . not really scared . yet . phillip he do not kill you . I have my doubt ; he be not the brightest bulb , be he ? I think he actually believe it be he parent that you dad drive off the road . lynn what ... what be you talk about ? Phillip stroll into the kitchen . phillip I be not one for long explanation . suffice it to say I have be keep my eye on you for a long time now . over twenty year . there be a time I think I could simply forget what you do ... he pull a large butcher knife out of the drawer and hold it up , inspect its edge . phillip of course , that do not last . and now ...now , you be go to move away ? you think you can get away from I now ? he 's move slowly around the room . discretely put himself closer to the door . lynn I do not understand ... what -- why be you dress like that ? phillip I see it like it be yesterday . I be twelve . sitting on the bench in the wait area . doctor rush around ... hurt , sick people everywhere . that awful smell ... he 's rambling , stare at the blade , mesmerize by he reflection maybe , but now he 's closer to the front door than Lynn be . phillip and what I keep remember -- it haunt I in my sleep -- be that policeman who walk by . ( mimic one ) " the little girl , she distract he . drive right into they . " then he gaze lock on she . she do not know what he 's talk about . phillip I know bert , you know . he treat I for year . that 's how I meet Doug -- the clown . he be so nut that it do not take much to convince he that kill you would make he all better . of course , he be a load gun . he come after I tonight , but ... I straighten he out . his expression go grim . Lynn can not absorb it , do not understand any of it . phillip do not worry , you can ask you dad what I be talk about when you visit he in hell . he raise the blade and rush at she . she stumble back , shove a tall lamp in he way . he trip over it and fall , catch himself at the last second . he regains a measure of he dignity , brush at he pants as he stand . it might be funny if it be not for the huge knife in he hand . Lynn 's try to stay cool even though she 's deathly frighten of the way Phillip look , the clown makeup cover he face . lynn Phillip . listen to I . I be you friend . I want to help you . phillip do you ? lynn yes . phillip then please ... let I stab you . he feint she way she again . she dodge around the side of the sofa . lynn Phillip -- phillip stop call I that . my name be Shane . they be circle each other , the sofa a barrier between they . phillip would you like to know why you be so afraid of clown ? she do , but she say nothing . phillip at the hospital , some vapid nurse tell you you parent be never come back so you start cry . there be a clown at the hospital try to cheer up the kid that day and ... he come up behind you and touch you shoulder . I guess he be try to make you smile . but ... you see he and would not stop scream bloody murder . ( beat ) be not it interesting how that one moment have shape the rest of you life ? lynn and you have be ... follow I all this year ? phillip yes . Lynn 's expression say just how nut that be . lynn and amanda ? Julie ? even nicky ? phillip fuck you , Lynn ! what about my parent ? what about I ? lynn what about you ? she surprise he by move a little closer , she face show sympathy and kindness . lynn Phillip ... you be nut . she punch he square in the face . he 's shocked , and hurt , fall back on he ass as blood start to gush from he nose . Lynn turn and run . outside she rush to the car , fumble at she key for the car key . she get to she door , still sorting through she key and naturally , she drop they . Phillip burst out the door , furious . he see she car , that she 's not in it . he turn to look the other direction as she stand up with the right key in she hand . he hear , turn toward she . too late -- she 's unlock the door and sly in . he rush over as the car start , leaping on the hood as if he can stop she from get away . in reverse , she gun it . Phillip slide off and hit the driveway painfully . Lynn have brake she car short of the road . she put it in park . stare at Phillip as he slowly stand up . she look at nicky in the back seat , still asleep . something 's go through she mind but it 's hard to tell what it be . Phillip be walk toward the car now . twenty foot away . Lynn put she hand on the shift lever . take a good look at the letter . R D N 1 2 3 . reverse take she away from the nightmare walk toward she . Phillip be fifteen foot away and close . Lynn pull the lever down . be it one click or two ? she stomp on a pedal and she car surge forward . Phillip have time to raise the knife before the car hit he , toss he back into the yard like a rag doll . she check on nicky --still buckle up and unbelievably still asleep . back to front where Phillip lie in a unmove heap . Lynn lay she head on the steering wheel in utter exhaustion as siren can be hear approach . fade to black fade in : int . bedroom - night the phone ring , and Lynn bolt upright in bed . she snatch it off the hook . lynn hello ? detective peter ( phone ) Lynn ? thank God you answer . I do not want you to panic -- lynn what ? what 's happen ? detective peter look , I have get man on the way , they will be there any second . lynn what be it ? detective peter ( exhales ) Doug Richardson -- the clown ... he escape from the prison . I be sure he 's head out of state as fast as he can go , but I be send man over there just to be safe . I want you to stay calm ... lynn when ? detective peter we be not sure , we -- she 's already put the phone down and be move down the hall toward Nicholas ' room . detective Peters keep talk , but he voice soon fade away to nothing . she pass Nicholas ' room and go to the front door . check the lock . still lock , the security chain latch . relieved , she move back to Nicholas ' room . his door be half - close , and pitch dark inside . she push the door open , but it 's still too dark to see Nicholas ' bed . Lynn flick on the light . the light come on for a instant and immediately blow out . but in the snapshot flash Lynn see the clown stand in front of she son 's bed look down on he , and at the flick of the switch , the clown begin to turn she way . the room be pitch - black before they eye can meet . Lynn 's fear be all - consume . she unwittingly move back against the wall , stare into the dark gape hole into she son 's room , so suddenly a mouth into madness . too paralyze to scream , Lynn stare into the darkness , wait for the clown to appear . close on the doorway at any second , the clown 's horrid face will loom out of the black , like a float head , leer at she . close on lynn Lynn 's lip tremble . she can not blink . fear grip she every muscle . closer on the doorway black - roll credit