fear &amp ; loathing in las vega by Terry gilliam &amp ; toy grisoni black screen a desert wind moan sadly . from somewhere within the wind come the tinkly , syrupy - sweet sound of the Lennon sister sing " my favorite thing . " a series of sepia image of anti-war protest from the mid-sixty appear one after another on the screen . in the violently scrawle style of Ralph steadman , the title fear and loathing in las vega splashes onto the screen . a beat , and then it run down and off revealing : title : " he who make a beast of himself get rid of the pain of be a man . " Dr. Johnson the voice of hunter S. thompson -- a.k.a. raoul duke : duke ( v/o ) we be somewhere around barstow on the edge of the desert when the drug begin to take hold . aaaaaaaarrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrgggggggggghhhhhh !!!!!!!! a red chevy convertible -- the red shark -- wipe the black screen . ext . on the road to las vega - day aaaaaaaarrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrgggggggggghhhhhh !!!!!!!! the red shark race down the desert highway at a hundred mile a hour . the stone ' " Sympathy for the Devil " blare . at the wheel strangely still and tense , raoul duke drive -- skeletal , Beer in hand -- stare straight ahead . beside he , face turned to the SUN , eye close behind wraparound spanish sunglass , be he swarthy and unnervingly unpredictable attorney , dr . gonzo . the music pound duke stare straight ahead . gonzo froth up a can of beer - use it as shave foam . duke ( v/o ) I remember say something like : " I feel a bit lighthead . maybe you should drive ... " gonzo start shave . 2 . duke ( v/o ) suddenly there be a terrible roar all around we and the sky be full of what look like huge bat , all swoop and screeching and diving around the car ... Close on duke -- shadow flutter across he face . the reflection of bat swirl within he eye . we push in close to one eye ball -- screeching swirling bat - like shape ! aaaaaaaarrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrgggggggggghhhhhh !!!!!!!! duke ( v/o ) ... and a voice be scream : Holy Jesus ! what be this goddamn animal ? CUT to wide shot of car - duke , eye rigid , flail at the air . no bat anywhere . gonzo casually look over ... gonzo what be you yell about ? duck screech to the side of the road . the sudden wrench make gonzo nick he face with he razor . duke never mind . it 's you turn to drive . duke ( v/o ) no point mention this bat . I think . the poor bastard will see they soon enough . duke hop out of the car , keep a eye out for bat , frantically open the trunk to reveal what look like a mobile police narcotics lab . duke desperately rifle through the impressive stash . duke ( v/o ) we have two bag of grass , seventy - five pellet of mescaline , five sheet of high power blotter acid , a salt shaker half full of cocaine , a whole galaxy of multi - color upper , downer , screamer , laugher ... also a quart of tequila , a quart of rum , a case of beer , a pint of raw ether and two dozen amyl . 3. duke , eye darting madly as he hear what sound like the shriek of bat return , grab a assortment along with another six - pack of beer - slam the trunk shut and dive back into the car . duke ( v/o ) not that we need all that for the trip , but once you get lock into a serious drug collection , the tendency be to push it as far as you can . the red shark race into the distance ... on the ground , weakly flap be a semi - squashed , slowly dying animal ... a bat ? ext . further down the road to las vega - day in the red shark gonzo grip the wheel - stare maniacally down the road - a lousy driver . duke ( v/o ) the only thing that really worried I be the ether . there be nothing in the world more helpless and irresponsible and deprave than a man in the depth of a ether binge . and I know we would get into that rotten stuff pretty soon . the radio news war with " sympathy for the devil " on a tape recorder . radio news a overdose of heroin be list as the official cause of death for pretty 19 year old Diane hanby whose body be find stuff in a refrigerator last week ... gonzo change the station - " one toke over the line , sweet jesus , one toke over the line " vie with " sympathy " ... he sing along - wash a couple of pill back with a new beer . the red shark fishtail . gonzo " one toke over the line , sweet Jesus . " 4. duke ( mutter to himself ) one toke . you poor fool . wait till you see that goddamn bat . up ahead - at the side of the deserted road a lone hitchhiker spot they , jump up and stick out a thumb . the red shark roar past . then , fifty yard down the road ... gonzo let 's give that boy a lift . gonzo wrench the wheel - the red shark swerve to the side of the road . duke we can not stop here - this be bat country ! gonzo jam the car into reverse and rocket backward . the hitchhiker race to the car . a poor okie kid with a big grin . hitchhiker hot damn ! I never ride in a convertible before ! then the big grin freeze on the okie kid 's face at the sight of : duke and gonzo look out at he with hyper - normal , shit -eate smile . duke be that right ? well , I guess you be about ready , eh ? the hitchhiker hesitates . gonzo we be you friend . we be not like the other . duke ( hiss sharply ) no more of that talk or I will put the leech on you . duke turn back to the hitchhiker - smile reassuringly . ext . even further down the road to las vega - day the hitchhiker sit nervously in the back seat as the red shark scream down the road . 5 . gonzo sing along to the tape player . the hitchhiker 's eye go to the door - consider jump out and take he chance . duke , sweat bullet , stare at the hitchhiker in the rear view mirror . duke ( v/o ) how long could we maintain , I wonder . how long before one of we start rave and jabber at this boy ? what will he think then ? this same lonely desert be the last know home of the Manson family . the hitchhiker 's eye notice a thin line of blood trickle down gonzo 's neck . duke ( v/o ) would he make that grim connection when my attorney start scream about bat and huge manta ray come down on the car ? duke 's mouth move intermittently - sometimes in sync with the word , sometimes not . duke ( v/o ) if so - well , we will just have to cut he head off and bury he somewhere . because it go without say that we can not turn he loose . he would report we at once to some kind of outback Nazi law enforcement agency , and they will run we down like dog ... duke ( out loud to himself ) Jesus ! do I say that ? duke ( v/o ) or just think it ? be I talk ? do they hear I ? gonzo ( reassuringly to hitchhiker ) it 's okay . he 's admire the shape of you skull . duke give the hitchhiker a fine big grin and the hitchhiker giggle nervously . 6 . duke ( v/o ) maybe I better have a chat with this boy I think . perhaps if I explain thing , he will rest easy ... duke ( roaring over the road noise ) there's one thing you should probably understand -- the hitchhiker stare at he , not blink . duke ( yell ) can you hear I ? the hitchhiker nod -- giggle -- terrify . duke climb into the back seat . duke that 's good . because I want you to have all the background . this be a very ominous assignment -- with overtone of extreme personal danger . I be a Doctor of journalism ! this be important , goddamnit ! this be a true story !... ( whack the back of the driver' seat with he fist ) the car swerve sickeningly , then straighten out . gonzo ( scream ) keep you hand off my fuck neck ! the hitchhiker make a sudden lunge for freedom . duke grab he back down . duke ( v/o ) we vibration be get nasty -- but why ? be there no communication in this car ? have we deteriorate to the level of dumb beast ? the hitchhiker struggle in panic . 7. duke ( to hitchhiker ) I want you to understand that this man at the wheel be my attorney ! he 's not just some dingbat I find on the Strip . he 's a foreigner . I think he 's probably samoan . but it do not matter , do it ? be you prejudice ? hitchhiker Hell , no ! duke I do not think so . because in spite of he race , this man be extremely valuable to I . Hell , I forget all about this beer . you want one ? ( hitchhiker shake he head ) how about some ether ? hitchhiker what ? duke never mind . let 's get right to the heart of this thing . twenty - four hour ago we be sit in the pogo Lounge of the beverly will Hotel ... int . the beverly will HOTEL pogo lounge 1971 - day a uniform dwarf , carry a shockingly pink telephone through the glitter , tranquil pogo lounge crowd . they be the eloi . hendrix afros and drooping mustach and bell bottom and love bead and bell . actress sip Singapore sling and promoter sip actress in this monied , sanitised version of the great revolution year . duke ( v/o ) ... in the patio section , of course , drink Singapore sling with mescal on the side , hide from the brutish reality of this foul year of we Lord , 1971 . the dwarf reach duke -- T-shirt , levis , sneaker and shade . gonzo -- white rayon bellbottom and a khaki tank top undershirt . they be in the middle of a serious conversation . 8. duke I be tell you , the Salazar story be get too complicated . the weasel have start close in . the dwarf sneer . dwarf perhaps this be the call you have be wait for all this time , sir ... duke lift the receiver -- listen ... duke uh-huh ... uh-huh ... uh-huh ... duke hang up the phone with the dead - pan expression of a movie spy . dwarf that be headquarters . they want I to go to Las Vegas at once and make contact with a portuguese photographer name lacerda . he will have the detail . all I have to do be check into my sound proof suite and he will seek I out . gonzo , say nothing for a moment , then pound the table ! gonzo God hell ! I think I see the pattern ! this one sound like real trouble ! you be go to need plenty of legal advice before this thing be over . as you attorney I must advise you that you will need a very fast car with no top and after that , the cocaine . and then the tape recorder , for special music , and some acapulco shirt ... ( gonzo tuck he khaki undershirt into he white bellbottom -- he mean business ! ) this blow my weekend , because naturally I will have to go with you -- and we will have to arm ourselves . 9 . duke why not ? if a thing 's worth do , it 's worth do right . duke and gonzo be up and off . the dwarf chase after they with the ( very large ) check in he hand . they sweep out through the Lounge door , unaware of it swinging back into the face of the pursue dwarf . duke I tell you , my man . this be the american dream in action ! we would be fool not to ride this strange torpedo all the way to the end . gonzo indeed . we must do it . what kind of story be this ? ext . beverly will HOTEL - front entrance - day duke and gonzo emerge . duke the mint 400 ! the richest off-road race for motorcycle and dune - buggy in the history of organize sport ! ( hand parking ticket to valet ) -- a fantastic spectacle in honor of some fatback grossero who own the luxurious mint Hotel in the heart of downtown Vegas ... at least that 's what the press release say . they car arrive -- rusted out , smashed door panel . they jump in . duke we be go to have to drum it up on we own . pure gonzo journalism . and they be off in a cloud of black exhaust as the nose - bleed dwarf stumble out with the unpaid bill in he hand . ext . sunset blvd - day the pinto race through shot . duke ( v/o ) get hold of the drug and shirt have be no problem ... 10 . ext . polynesian bar - day the pinto skid to a halt outside polynesian bar , the back window full of Hawaiian shirt . duke ( v/o cont 'd ) ... but the car and tape recorder be not easy thing to round up at 6:30 on a Friday afternoon in Hollywood . int . polynesian bar - day torn yellow page with dealer 's ad tick off lie in a pile as gonzo yell into a payphone . duke carry over four Singapore sling . gonzo o.k. , o.k. , yes . hang onto it . we will be there in thirty minute . ( to duke -- hand over the phone ) I finally locate a car with adequate horsepower and the proper coloring . ( into phone ) what ?! of course the gentleman have a major credit card ! do you realize who the fuck you be talk to ? duke do not take any guff from this swine . ( gonzo slam the phone down ) now we need a sound store with the finest equipment . nothing dinky . one of that new belgian heliowatt with a voice- activate shotgun mike , for pick up conversation in oncoming car . gonzo we will not make the nut unless we have unlimited credit . duke we will . you samoan be all the same . you have no faith in the essential decency of the white man 's culture . 11 . ext . sunset blvd - dusk the pinto race down street . duke ( v/o ) the store be close , but the salesman say he would wait , if we hurried ... ext . sunset blvd - traffic jam - dusk they be stick in a traffic jam -- cloud of exhaust . duke bang on the horn in FURY . duke ( v/o ) but we be delay en route when a stingray in front of we kill a pedestrain . directly in front of they : bloody carnage -- a cover corpse be load into a ambulance by paramedics . ext . car rental agency - night duke ( v/o ) we have trouble , again , at the car rental agency . behind the wheel of the red shark : duke grin with satisfaction -- check it out . a nervous agent hold out a clipboard . duke sign without look at the rental papers . agent say ... uh ... you fella be go to be careful with this car , be not you ? duke of course . duke throw the car into reverse -- roar backwards past the gas pump to where gonzo be unload they rusted out car . agent well , good god ! you just back over that two foot concrete abutment and you do not even slow down ! forty - five in reverse ! and you barely miss the pump ! duke no harm do . I always test the transmission that way . the rear end . for stress factor . 12 . gonzo transfer box of new sound equipment and a large box of rum and ice into the red shark . agent say . be you fellow drink ? duke not I . we be responsible people . he jam the car into low gear and lurch into traffic . the agent run into the street and helplessly watch they go . gonzo there 's another worrier . he 's probably all cranke up on speed . ext . rundown beach house - night strange and magical . in the moonlight : the silhouett figure of duke and gonzo as they pack the red shark . duke ( v/o ) we spend the rest of that night round up material and pack the car . then we eat some mescaline and go swim . the surf crash in the distance ... ext . pacific ocean - night duke cry out as he dive into the ocean . he let himself float up through the silvery bubbles ... duke and gonzo float beatifically in the glowing , shimmering moonlit surf . duke ( v/o ) we trip be different . it be to be a classic affirmation of everything right and true in the national character ; a gross , physical salute to the fantastic possibility of life in this country . but only for that with true grit ... ext . and even further down the road to las vega - day duke 's intense face . duke ... and we be chock full of that ! 13 . gonzo damn right ! duke my attorney understand this concept , despite he racial handicap . but do you ?! the hitchhiker nod -- giggle -- petrify . duke ( v/o ) he say he understand , but I could see in he eye that he do not . he be lie to I . gonzo my heart ! gonzo clutches he heart . the car veer off the road and screech to a halt . he slump over the wheel . gonzo ( cont 'd ) where 's the medicine ? duke the medicine ? yes , it 's right here . duke spill out 4 amyl capsule from a tin . duke do not worry , this man have a bad heart ... angina pectoris . but we have a cure for it . duke and gonzo break 2 amyl apiece -- inhale deeply . gonzo fall back on the seat , stare straight up at the sun . the hitchhiker look petrify . gonzo ( suddenly flail he naked arm at the sky ) turn up the fuck music ! my heart feel like a alligator ! volume ! clarity ! bass ! we must have bass ! what 's wrong with we ? be you goddamn old lady ? duke ( turn up music to full volume ) you scurvy shyster bastard ! watch you language ! you be talk to a Doctor of journalism ! 14 . gonzo ( laugh uncontrollably ) what the fuck be we do out here ? somebody call the police ! we need help ! duke ( to hitchhiker ) pay no attention to this swine . he can not handle the medicine . ( he begin laugh ) gonzo ( to the hitchhiker ) the truth be we be go to Vegas to croak a scag baron name Savage Henry . I have know he for year but he rip we off -- and you know what that mean , right ? gonzo pull out a .357 Magnum -- wave it around . gonzo ( cont 'd ) Savage Henry have cashed he check ! we be go to rip he lung out ! duke and eat they ! that bastard will not get away with this ! what 's go on in this country when a scum sucker like that can get away with sandbagge a Doctor of journalism ? gonzo crack another amyl . the hitchhiker scramble out of the car , down the trunk lid , and flee . hitchhiker thanks for the ride . thanks a lot . I like you guy . do not worry about I . duke ( yell ) wait a minute ! come back and have a beer ! the hitchhiker run from car . 15 . gonzo good riddance . that boy make I nervous . do you see he eye ? ( laugh ) Jesus , this be good medicine . duke glance back at the run hitchhiker . duke ( suddenly clamber into the front seat ) move over !! we have to get out of California before that kid find a cop ! duke gun the red shark -- take off down the road ... ext . unbelievably far down the road to las vega - day the red shark race -- duke at the wheel -- straight ahead drive . duke ( v/o ) it be absolutely imperative that we get to the mint Hotel before the deadline for press registration . otherwise , we might have to pay for we suite . gonzo wrestle with a shaker of cocaine . the top come off and the powder swirl away on the wind . gonzo oh , Jesus ! do you see what god just do to we ? duke God do not do that ! you do it ! you be a fuck narcotic agent , that be we cocaine , you pig ! gonzo ( wave he .357 Magnum at Duke ) you better be careful . plenty of vulture out here . they will pick you bone clean before morning . duke you whore ! gonzo tear up a blotter of acid . 16 . gonzo here -- chew this . it 's you half of the acid . duke take he half -- chew it . duke how long do I have ? gonzo maybe thirty more minute . as you attorney , I advise you to drive at top speed . it will be a goddamn miracle if we can get there before you turn into a wild animal . be you ready for that ? check into a Vegas hotel under a phony name with intent to commit capital fraud and a head full of acid . duke ( v/o ) thirty minute . it be go to be very close . the red shark scream along the highway past a billboard : " don't gamble with marijuana ! '' in nevada : possession - 20 year ; sale - life !! " ext . las vega mint HOTEL - dusk the red shark pull up outside the mint . a great banner span the street announce the mint 400 . duke can feel the drug surging up inside he . clutch a buckle beer can , sweat pour , he stare fixedly at the ticket the attendant give he . duke I need this , right ? attendant I will remember you face . duke stare -- lose it ... duke ( v/o ) there be no way of explain the terror I feel . int . HOTEL lobby - day duke wait in line at the front desk -- rigid with pent up ENERGY . gonzo 's ahead of he -- muscle in -- try to queue jump and fail . 17 . duke ( v/o ) I be pour sweat . my blood be too thick for nevada . I have never be able to properly explain myself in this climate . a couple move off and duke jerk forward -- stop -- eye fix on the stony female reservation clerk . duke ( v/o cont 'd ) be quiet , be calm ... name , rank , and press affiliation , nothing else ... duke move another rigid step closer to the desk -- the tension almost snap he in two . gonzo 's flapping around -- absolutely no success . something catch duke 's eye ... he remains rooted -- he eye turn to the vegetal paisley pattern on the carpet which be shifting -- undulating . the carpet pattern be inexorably creeping up the wall ... duke ( v/o cont 'd ) ... ignore this terrible drug , pretend it 's not happen ... the last people leave -- with a final , stiff move , duke come face to face with the reservation clerk ... and explode ! duke hi there . my name ... ah , raoul duke ... on ... on that list , that's for sure . free lunch , final wisdom , total coverage ... why not ? I have my attorney with I , and I realize of course ... as duke stare at she , babbling , she face begins to morph . he try to stop it happen by talking faster . duke ... that he name be not on the list , but we must have that suite . yes . just check the list and you'll see . don't worry . what' the score here ? what' next ? duke sag -- grip the desk -- white knuckle . 18 . reservation clerk ( hand he a envelope ) you suite 's not ready yet . but there 's somebody look for you . her face be changing -- swelling -- pulsing ... duke ( shout ) no ! why ? we haven't do anything yet ! the face of the reservation clerk turn GREEN &amp ; grow fang . deadly poison ! duke lunge back at gonzo , who grip he arm intensely -- reach out to take the envelope . gonzo I can handle this . this man have a bad heart , but I have plenty of medicine . my name be Dr. gonzo . prepare we suite at once . we will be in the bar . gonzo manoeuvre duke away from the desk . duke look back -- the reservation clerk be now a moray eel -- green jowl and fang . int . nautical bar - day the bar -- oily people -- quiet music -- nautical theme . duke and gonzo at the bar , a marlin spike hang on the wall behind they . duke have turn to stone ... gonzo ( to the bartender ) two Cuba libre with beer and mescal on the side . ( open the envelope ) who 's lacerda , he 's wait for we in a room on the twelfth floor ? duke lacerda ? duke ( v/o ) I could not remember . the name ring a bell , but I could not concentrate . terrible thing be happen all around we ... duke be stare -- rapt -- terrified . blood flow freely onto the floor . duke keep he voice low . 19 . duke order some golf shoe . otherwise , we will never get out of this place alive . it 's impossible to walk in this muck -- no foot at all ... duke look up -- gonzo have disappear . duke look around he -- the entire room have transformed into a room filled with reptile in clothes , drinking and gnawing at one another . duke ( v/o ) I be right in the middle of a fuck reptile zoo . and somebody be give booze to this goddamn thing ! it will not be long before they tear we to shred ! gonzo be suddenly back -- at duke's shoulder . gonzo if you think we be in trouble now wait until you see what 's happen in the elevator . gonzo remove he sunshade and we see he 's be cry ... as he speak he seem to be float . Duke struggle to keep he in he line of vision . gonzo I just go upstairs to see this man lacerda . I tell he I know what he be up to ... ( gonzo rally -- turn fierce ) he say he 's a photographer ! but when I mention Savage Henry he freak ! he know we be onto he ! duke but what about we room ? and the golf shoe ? a group of reptile at a table across the room stare at they , blood dripping from there fang . duke ( cont 'd ) ( grab gonzo try to hold he still ) Holy shit ! look at that bunch over there ! they have spot we ! 20 . cut to wider shot -- duke be hold on to a man stand next to he at the bar . the room have return to normality . gonzo be sit in he original position . gonzo ( downs he drink -- get up ) that 's the press table . where you have to sign in for we credential . shit , let 's get it over with . you handle that , and I will check on the room . duke no , no . do not leave I ! Black screen . int . mint HOTEL suite - dusk a television show the nightly news . a buddhist monk , protest the war , set himself on fire . a very nervous bell boy be lay out gonzo 's order . a marlin spike be on the floor next to duke . bell boy four club sandwich , four shrimp cocktail . duke there 's a big ... machine in the sky ... some kind of electric snake ... duke be curl by the window -- mesmerize by a unseen neon sign outside the window . his eye fill with a million color light . bell boy ... a quart of rum ... duke ... come straight at we . gonzo shoot it . duke not yet . I want to study its habit . bell boy ... and nine fresh grapefruit . 21 . gonzo vitamin C . we will need all we can get . gonzo see the bell boy out the door -- turn and lay into duke . gonzo look , you have get to stop this talk about snake and leech and lizard and that stuff . it 's make I sick ! duke stare -- hear the drine of b52 bomber ... on tv : the lao invasion -- a series of horrifying disaster -- explosion and twisted wreckage . newsreel footage of mai lai massacre and the lieutenant calley court-martial . duke what be you talk about ? gonzo you bastard ! they will never let we back in that place . I leave you alone for three minute and you start wave that goddamn marlin spike around -- yell about reptile ! you scared the shit out of that people ! they be ready to call the cop . Hell , the only reason they give we press pass be to get you out of there ... a knock at the door . duke and gonzo break out in a sweat . duke oh my God ! who 's that ?! gonzo stick he gun in he waistband -- open the door to lacerda -- bouncing with puppy dog enthusiasm . gonzo stare at a man he instantly hate -- watch he with deep suspicion . lacerda Duke ? I be lacerda you photographer . get you press pass ? good , good . too bad you miss the bike check in . my , what a sight ! duke watch the b-52s drop there bomb load . 22 . look down to the thick , pattern carpet , duke see the bomb explode like vicious flower . duke look up : lacerda be a war photographer -- bruise , filthy and blood spatter . lacerda approach he -- talk a foreign language . lacerda husquavarnas . yamahas . kawaskis . maico . pursang . swedish fireballs . couple of triumph , here and there a cz . all very fast . what a race it 's gonna be . duke screw up he eye -- will normality back . lacerda be now just a keen photographer . L lacerda well , we start at dawn . get a good night 's sleep . I know I will . and with a cheerful wave , he 's go . duke be in shock . duke ( weakly ) that 's good ... gonzo I think he 's lie to we . I could see it in he eye . duke ( even weaker ) they will probably have a big net for we when we show up . duke 's attention return to the devastation on the tv ... gonzo turn that shit off ! gonzo kill the tv . Black screen . duke ( v/o ) never lose sight of the primary responsibility . cover the story . but what be the story ? nobody have bother to say . 23 . ext . desert - dawn against a big orange SUN , on a concrete slab , men FIRE shotguns into the dawn sky . clay pigeon shatter . the mint gun Club . next to they , motorcycle rev -- prepare for the mint 400 race : a hundred biker , mechanic and assort motorsport type milling around in the pit area ; taping headlight , topping off oil in the fork , last minute bolt tightening . duke wander through . duke ( v/o ) the racer be ready at dawn . very tense . but the race do not start until nine so we have three long hour to kill . a sign by a long trestle table : " koffee &amp ; donut . " duke walk past -- ignore the smiling lady behind the stall . duke ( v/o cont 'd ) that of we who have be up all night be in no mood for coffee and donut . we want strong drink . we be , after all , the absolute cream of the National sport Press and we be gather here , in Las Vegas , for a very special assignment . and when it come to thing like this you do not fool around . int . race bar tent - day a real pit of iniquity . slot machine . crap table . smoke . drunken shouting . the absolute cream of the national sporting PRESS . duke be at the bar , engage in drunken conversation with a life reporter ... show he he notebook . duke see ... " kill the body and the head will die " ... the frazier / Ali fight ... magazine reporter a proper end to the 60' ... Ali beat by a human hamburger ! duke and both Kennedy 's murder by mutant . 24 . a shout go up from outside . the sound of engine revving . reporter that 's it ! they be start ! in a sudden rush the PRESS crowd make for the door take duke with they . ext . desert - day motorcycle rev -- tension build ... a flag go down . the crowd cheer . the motorcycle roar away . a great cloud of dust go up -- obscure the racers as they disappear into the desert ... a moment ... reporter well , that 's that . they will be back in a hour or so . let 's go back to the bar . the crowd turn and stream back into the tent . int . race bar tent - day duke head for the bar along with the rest . it 's pack . drink be order . a shout from outside the tent go up : voice off Group 2 ! the crowd rush for the door . duke get sweep along . ext . desert - day motorcycle rev . a flag go down . the crowd cheer . the motorcycle roar away . another great cloud of dust go up ... the crowd head back for the bar . int . race bar tent - day the crowd surge back to the bar . voice off Group 3 ! this time duke fight he way free of the crowd . 25 . duke ( v/o ) there be something like 190 more bike wait to start . they be due to go off 10 at a time every 2 minute . duke hit the bar . duke beer ! a middle - age hoodlum in a T-shirt boom up to the bar . hoodlum God damn ! what day be this -- Saturday ? duke more like Sunday . hoodlum hah ! that 's a bitch , be not it ? last night I be home in Long Beach and somebody say they be runnin ' the mint 400 today , so I say to my old lady , " man , I be goin ' . " so she give I a lot of crap about it , so I start slappin ' she around , and the next thing you know two guy I never see before be beat I stupid . voice off Group 4 ! outside , another batch of motorcycle roar away -- kick up more cloud of dust . hoodlum then they give I ten buck , put I on a bus , and when I wake up here I be in downtown Vegas , and for a minute all I could think be , " o Jesus , who 's divorce I this time ? " but then I remember , by God ! I be here for the mint 400 . and , man , I tell you , it 's wonderful to be here . just wonderful to be here with you people . a silence . a magazine reporter lunge across the bar -- grab the bartender . 26 . magazine reporter senzaman wassyneed ! duke ( smack the bar with he palm ) Hell yes ! bring we ten ! voice off Group 5 ! magazine reporter ( scream ) I will back it ! ( slide off he stool to the floor ) outside , motorcycle roar away . the dust cloud billow into the tent -- get denser . magazine reporter ( cont 'd ) ( on the floor ) this be a magic moment in sport ! it may never come again ! I once do the triple Crown , but it be nothing like this . a frog -eyed woman claw at the magazine reporter , try to haul he up . frog -eyed woman please stand up ! you be a correspondent for a major national magazine who 's name we can not get clearance for ! please ! you would be a very handsome man if you would just stand up ! magazine reporter listen , madam . I be damn near intolerably handsome down here where I be . you would go crazy if I stand up ! a feverishly eager lacerda appear out of the dust cloud , 3 camera sling round he neck . lacerda Club soda , please . frog -eyed woman ( to magazine reporter ) please ! I love life ! 27 . lacerda ( to duke ) man , it 's great out there ! duke lunatics . lacerda grin . voice off Group 6 ! lacerda meet you outside ! lacerda downs he drink -- hurry out through the crowd and out into the cloud of dust . ext . desert - day nothing . except for a thick cloud of dust . barely visible , a motorcycle come speed into the pit . the rider stagger off he bike . the pit crew gas it up and send it back with a fresh rider . duke watch he disappear back into the dust cloud . duke ( v/o ) by 10 they be spread out all over the course . it be no longer a race , now it be a endurance Contest . the idea of try to " cover this race " in any conventional press sense be absurd . a horn honk . a shiny black bronco with driver . lacerda hang out of the window . lacerda it 's great , be not it ?! jump in ! duke get into the bronco and they head into the dust cloud . ext . desert - day in the bronco . duke hang on with he beer . nothing all around but the huge impenetrable cloud of dust . lacerda snap madly away at nothing at all ! 28 . lacerda I will just keep try different combos of film and lense till I find one that work in this dust ! the SOUND of motorcycle racing ... we hear music and voice sing : battle hymn " ... as we go march on when I reach my final campground , in that land beyond the sun , and the great Commander ask I ... " [ what do he ask you , rusty ? ] " do you fight or do you run ? " a moment later , the bronco race out of the dust . duke cough , choke , drink beer . battle hymn ( continue ) [ and what do you tell they , rusty ? ] " we respond to they rifle fire with everything we have ... " the sound of gun shot ... a dune buggy race toward they , load down with three retired petty officer , drunk as hell . the radio blare : " the battle hymn of lieutenant calley . " the dune buggy be cover with ominous symbol : scream eagle carrying american flag in there claw . a slant -ey snake be chop to bit by a buzz-saw make of star and stripe . a machine gun mount on the passenger side . they yell over the roaring engine . dune buggy driver where 's the damn race ? duke beat I . we be just good patriotic Americans like yourself . duke give dune buggy passenger # 2 a nice big grin . in response , the passenger # 2 narrow he eye -- tighten he grip on a automatic weapon . dune buggy driver ( suspiciously ) what outfit you fella with ? 29 . duke the sport press . we be friendly . hire geek . the driver and dune buggy passenger # 2 exchange look . duke if you want a good chase , you should get after that skunk from CBS News up ahead in the black jeep . he 's the man responsible for that book , the selling of the pentagon . dune buggy passenger # 1 hot damn ! dune buggy passenger # 2 a black jeep , you say ? and they roar away . duke take I back to the pit . lacerda no , no -- we have to go on . we need total coverage . duke get out of the bronco . duke you be fire . after a moment 's hesitation , lacerda and the bronco driver roar away leave duke alone in the cloud of dust . duke ( v/o ) it be time . I feel , for a agonize reappraisal of the whole scene . the race be definitely under way . I have witness the start ; I be sure of that much . but what now ? ext . las vega street - night music pump out . cruising in the red shark in vega . the sky swirl with million of neon light chasing each other in baroque pattern across gigantic HOTEL sign . psychedelic light show to lure and derange the innocent . CITY of lost soul . 30 . duke turn up the radio ! turn up the tape machine ! Roll the window down . let 's taste this cool desert wind ! aaah , yes ! this be what it 's all about ! duke , beer in hand , drive -- a big smile for the world . gonzo scan the Vegas visitor . duke ( v/o ) total control now . tool along the main drag on a Saturday night in Vegas , two good old boy in a fire apple red convertible ... stone , rip , twisted ... good people ! gonzo how about " nickel Nick 's slot arcade ? " " hot slot , " that sound heavy . twenty - nine cent hotdog ... duke look , what be we do here ? be we here to entertain ourselves , or to do the job ? gonzo to do the job , of course . here we go ... a crab louie and quart of muscatel for twenty dollar ! the shark hit a bump . gonzo as you attorney I advise you to drive over to the tropicana and pick up on guy lombardo . he 's in the Blue room with he Royal Canadian . they hit another bump . duke why ? gonzo why what ? CUT to wide shot . they be drive around in circle in a large casino parking lot , bump over the divider . 31 . duke why should I pay out my hard - earn dollar to watch a fuck corpse . I do not know about you , but in my line of business it 's important to be hep . ext . desert room HOTEL - night two big scream face . doorman # 1 what the hell be you do ?! doorman # 2 you can not park here ! duke why not ? be this not a reasonable place to park ? reveal the red shark park on the sidewalk in front of the Desert Inn . two doormen loom over the car hood . the marquee say : tonight . debbie reynold . gonzo leap from the car , wave a five - dollar bill at the doorman . gonzo we want this car park ! we drive all the way from L.A. for this show . we be friend of Debbie 's . a pause , then ... the doorman pocket the bill , hand they a parking stub . duke and gonzo hurry into the hotel . int . desert from HOTEL lobby - night duke and gonzo walk through the lobby . Black , mirrore , sleek , classy . duke Holy shit ! they almost have we there ! that be quick think . gonzo what do you expect ? I be you attorney . you owe I five buck . I want it now . duke shrug and hand over the $ 5 . 32 . duke ( v/o ) this be Bob hope 's turf . Frank Sinatra 's . spiro agnew 's . it seem inappropriate to be haggling about nickel / dime bribe for the parking lot attendant . a wine - colored tuxedo stop they at the entrance to the ballroom . wine - colored tuxedo sorry , full house . gonzo goddamnit , we drive all the way from l.a . wine - colored tuxedo I say there be no seat leave ... at any price . gonzo fuck seat ! we be old friend of Debbie 's . I use to romp with she . gonzo and the wine - colored tuxedo get into a ugly arm - wave negotiation . duke ( v/o ) after a lot of bad noise , he let we in for nothing provide we would stand quietly at the back and not smoke . as duke and gonzo disappear through the door we can hear the orchestra blast out a highly blandized " sgt . pepper' lonely heart club band . " a beat . the door fly open and bouncers manhandle duke and gonzo out . despite the rough treatment they be both screeching with laughter . gonzo Jesus creep shit ! duke ( tear stream ) do the mescaline just kick in ? or be that Debbie reynold in a silver afro wig ?! 33. gonzo ( in hysteria ) we wander into a fuck time capsule ! ext . las vega street - night duke drive fast into the night . they be both laughing hysterically . duke ( in hysteria ) we wander into a fuck time capsule ! then ... gonzo find a tiny tear in he jacket ... gonzo what 's this ?... gonzo be instantly morose . gonzo that scum ... gonzo twist round in the car -- scream back into the night . gonzo scum ! I know where you live ! I will find you and burn down you fuck house ! ext . bazooko circus - night a hundred foot high neon clown : bazooko circus . the red shark pull up beneath the sign . duke this be the place . they will never fuck with we here . gonzo where 's the ether ? this mescaline be not work . ext . bazooko circus casino - night into the glaring , chasing light of the entrance canopy step duke in ec / U hold a kleenex soaked in ether to he nose . 34 . duke ( v/o ) ah , devil ether . it make you behave like the village drunkard in some early irish novel ... total loss of all basic motor skill ; blurred vision , no balance , numb tongue -- ( throw away kleenex ) the mind recoil in horror , unable to communicate with the spinal column . which be interesting , because you can actually watch yourself behave in this terrible way , but you can not control it . duke and gonzo approach the entrance with elaborate care - take one step at a time -- try to keep ahead of the drug . duke ( v/o ) you approach the turnstile and know that when you get there , you have to give the man two dollar or he will not let you inside ... but when you get there , everything go wrong . the ether kick in : duke and gonzo bounce off the wall , crash into old lady , giggle helplessly as they try to pay -- hand flapping crazily , unable to get money out of they pocket . duke ( v/o ) some angry rotarian shove you and you think : what 's happen here ? what 's go on ? then you hear yourself mumble . duke ( mumble ) dog fuck the Pope , no fault of mine . watch out !... why money ? my name be brink ; I be bear ... bear ? gonzo get sheep over side ... woman and child to armored car ... order from Captain Zeep . the attendant indulgently escort they through the turnstile . 35 . duke ( v/o ) ether be the perfect drug for Las Vegas . in this town they love a drunk . Fresh meat . so they put we through the turnstile and turn we loose inside . int . bazooko circus casino - night flame shoot up from below the casino . above , a high wire act with four muzile wolverine , six nymphet sister from san diego , two silver painted polack brother , and three korean kitten . the wolverine chase a nymphet through the air . two polack swing at it from opposite side and they be instantly lock in a death battle . all plummet to the net suspend over the gambling table and slot machine . no one look up . the gambler remain intent on the spinning roulette wheel , the turn of the card , the roll of a dice . duke ( v/o ) bazooko Circus be what the whole hep world would be do Saturday night if the Nazis have win the war . this be the Sixth Reich . something cause duke to look down . a dwarf carry drink on a tray be tug duke 's pants leg try to get he to move out of the way . duke ( v/o cont 'd ) a drug person can learn to cope with thing like see they dead grandmother crawl up they leg with a knife in she tooth but , nobody should be ask to handle this trip . gonzo and duke go upstairs walk past funhouse booth . one of they be manned by a orangutan in costume . a fairground barker grab duke . fairground barker stand in front of this fantastic machine , my friend . for just 99 cent you likeness will appear 200 hundred foot tall on a screen above downtown Las Vegas . on a tv monitor a 200 foot high drunkard loom over the Las Vegas skyline scream obscenity . 36 . fairground barker 99 cent more for a voice message . say whatever you want , fella . they will hear you , do not worry about that . remember , you will be 200 foot tall ! another barker step right up ! shoot the pasty off the nipple of this ten-foot bull - dyke and win a cotton candy goat ! int . bazooko circus revolving merry-go-round bar - night duke and gonzo sit on the revolve platform . gonzo stare -- glassy eye -- come apart . gonzo I hate to say this , but this place be get to I . I think I be get the fear . duke nonsense . we come here to find the american dream , and now we be right in the vortex you want to quit . you must realize that we have find the Main nerve . gonzo that 's what give I the fear . duke look over there . two woman fuck a polar bear . gonzo please , do not tell I that thing ... not now . ( signal the waitress for two Wild turkey ) this be my last drink . how much money can you lend I ? duke not much . why ? gonzo I have to go . duke go ? 37 . gonzo yes . leave the country . tonight . duke calm down . you will be straight in a few hour . gonzo no . this be serious . one more hour in this town and I will kill somebody ! duke ok . I will lend you some money . let 's go outside and see how much we have leave . gonzo can we make it ? duke that depend on how many people we fuck with between here and the door . gonzo I want to leave fast . duke ok . let pay this bill and get up very slowly . it 's go to be a long walk . ( signal waitress who come over ) gonzo ( suddenly to waitress ) do they pay you to screw that bear ? waitress what ? duke he 's just kid . ( to gonzo ) come on , Doc -- let go downstairs and gamble . gonzo tremble with fear -- walk to the edge of the turntable . gonzo when do this thing stop ? 38 . duke it will not stop . it 's not ever go to stop . duke carefully step off the turntable . gonzo , eye stare blindly ahead , squiting in fear and confusion , roote to the spot , be carry away . duke do not move you will come around . duke reach out to grab gonzo , who jump back -- keep go around . the bartender narrow he eye at they . duke step onto the merry - go-round -- hurry round the bar -- approach gonzo from the blind side and shove gonzo from behind . gonzo go down with a hellish scream . duke approach he with he hand in the air . smiling . duke you fall . let 's go . gonzo refuse to move and stand tense , fist clench , look for somebody to hit ... a old woman perhaps ? duke ( cont 'd ) ok . you stay here and go to jail . I be leave . duke walk fast towards the stair . gonzo catch up with he . gonzo do you see that ? some sonofabitch kick I in the back . duke probably the bartender . he want to stomp you for what you say to the waitress . gonzo good God ! let 's get out of here ! where 's the elevator ? duke ( turn he in the opposite direction ) do not go near that elevator . that 's just what they want we to do ... trap we in a steel box and take we down to the basement . 39 . ext . bazooko circus casino - night duke and gonzo stumble out of the entrance . duke do not run . they would like any excuse to shoot we . gonzo ( in a extend fall ) you drive ! I think there 's something wrong with I . int . mint HOTEL corridor outside there suite - night duke and gonzo run madly down the corridor ... duke taking care not to step on the patterned part of the carpet . gonzo struggle with the key in the lock . gonzo that bastard have change the lock on we . they probably searched the room . Jesus , we be finish ! the door suddenly swing OPEN . duke and gonzo fall inside . int . mint HOTEL suite - night gonzo bolt everything ! use all chain ! duke lock the door . the suite be crowded with room service goodies . duke turn to see gonzo stare at two hotel room key . everything stop . gonzo where do this one come from ? duke snatch a key . duke that 's lacerda 's room . gonzo smile a slow smile ... gonzo yeah ... I think we might need it ... duke what for ? gonzo snatch the key back . 40 . gonzo let 's go up there and blast he out of bed with the fire hose . duke no , we should leave the poor bastard alone . I get the feel that he 's avoid we for some reason . gonzo do not kid yourself . that portuguese son of a bitch be dangerous . he 's watch we like a hawk . duke he tell I he be turn in early ... gonzo utter a anguish cry -- slap the wall with both hand . gonzo that dirty bastard ! I know it ! he 's get hold of my woman ! duke ( laugh ) that little blonde groupie with the film crew ? you think he sodomize she ? gonzo that 's right , laugh about it ! you goddamn honkie be all the same ! gonzo slashes a grapefruit with a huge razor sharp hunting knife . duke blanch . duke where would you get that knife ? gonzo slice the grapefruit -- maniacal . gonzo room service send it up . I want something to cut the lime . gonzo slice the grapefruit -- into eighths ! duke what lime ? gonzo slice -- sixteenths ! 41 . gonzo they do not have any . they do not grow in the desert . slice ! slice ! slice ! gonzo that dirty toad bastard ! I know I should have take he out when I have the chance . now he have she . slice ! slice ! slice ! gonzo slashes insanely ! duke watch -- straight - face . duke ( v/o ) I remember the girl . we would have a problem with she in the elevator a few hour earlier : my attention have make a fool of himself . int . elevator - day ( flashback ) a elevator door open to reveal the smiling face of lacerda , the blonde tv reporter and her crew . duke and gonzo stagger in . lacerda drop he smile . he 's stand beside the blonde tv reporter . a tremble gonzo moonily turn he eye onto she . blonde tv reporter ( to gonzo ) you must be a rider . what class be you in ? gonzo class ? what the fuck do you mean ? blonde tv reporter what do you ride ? we be filming the race for a tv series -- maybe we can use you . gonzo use I ? duke ( v/o ) mother of God , I think . here it come . gonzo be trembling badly . there 's a moment of uncomfortable silence . 42 . gonzo ( suddenly shouting ) I ride the big one ! the really big fucker ! gonzo show he tooth to lacerda . duke laugh try to defuse the scene . duke the Vincent Black shadow . we be with the Factory team . tv cameraman bullshit . gonzo still -- become dangerous -- zero in on the tv cameraman -- groin to groin ... gonzo wait a minute , pardon I lady , but I think there 's some kind of ignorant chicken - sucker in this car who need he face cut open . you cheap honky faggot ! which one of you want to get cut ?! dead silence . ding ! the elevator door open , but nobody move . the door close . next floor . ding ! the door open again . a middle - age couple start to get in . Change they mind . the door close . int . corridor - day duke and gonzo run down the corridor . gonzo laugh wildly . gonzo spook ! they be spook ! like rat in a death cage ! int . mint HOTEL suite - day duke and gonzo crash into they hotel suite -- bolt the door . gonzo stop laugh . gonzo goddamn . it 's serious now . that girl understand . she fall in love with I . end flashback . 43. int . mint HOTEL suite - night slice ! slice ! slice ! gonzo with the big hunting knife -- slice grapefruit segment everywhere . gonzo let 's go up there and castrate that fucker ! gonzo pause -- a mad thought -- turn to duke . gonzo ( squinting suspiciously ) have you make a deal with he ? do you put he on to she ? duke ( back slowly towards the door ) look you better put that blade away and get you head straight . I have to put the car in the lot . duke ( v/o ) one of the thing you learn , after year of deal with drug people , be that you can turn you back on a person , but never turn you back on a drug . especially when it 's wave a razor - sharp hunt knife in you eye . int . casino / lobby mint HOTEL the magazine reporter be on the telephone . magazine reporter Las Vegas at dawn . the racer be still asleep , the dust be still on the desert , fifty thousand dollar in prize money , slumber darkly in the office safe at Del webb 's fabulous mint Hotel ... duke walk past the reporter -- into the casino , the sad , meagre crowd around the crap table . no joy . duke watch . duke ( v/o ) who be this people ? this face ! where do they come from ? they look like caricature of use car dealer from Dallas . ( more ) 44 . duke ( v/o ; cont 'd ) and , sweet Jesus , there be a hell of a lot of they at four-thirty on a Monday morning . still humping the american dream , that vision of the big winner somehow emerge from the last minute predawn chaos of a stale Vegas casino . duke stop at the money wheel , put down a two dollar bill on a number , the wheel turn , he lose . duke you bastard ! duke ( v/o ) no. calm down . learn to enjoy lose . int . mint HOTEL suite - night duke walk back into the room . we hear the loud strain of three dog night be " joy to the world . " he walk to the bathroom and open the door . int . mint HOTEL suite bathroom - night submerge in green water , gonzo wallow in the steaming tub . soap label and grapefruit rind float on the surface . a large empty pack of neutrogena soap lie on the floor . the shower be on -- the tub overflow . the tape recorder plays , from where it 's plugge into the razor socket over the sink . duke turn off the shower -- notice a huge hunk of chewed up white blotter . duke you eat all this acid ? no answer . duke ( turn down the volume ) you evil son of a bitch . you better hope there 's some thorazine in that bag , because if there 's not , you be in bad trouble . gonzo Music ! turn it up . put that tape on . 45 . duke what tape ? gonzo jefferson airplane . " White rabbit . " I want a rise sound . duke you be doom . I be leave here in two hour and then they be go to come up here and beat the mortal shit out of you with big sap . right there in that tub . gonzo I dig my own grave . Green water and the White rabbit . put it on . duke ok . but do I one last favor , will you . can you give I two hour ? that 's all I ask -- just two hour to sleep before tomorrow . I suspect it 's go to be a very difficult day . he switch on the tape . " white rabbit " begin to build . gonzo ( coolly ) of course , I be you attorney , I will give you all the time you need , at my normal rate : $ 45 a hour -- but you will be want a cushion , so , why do not you just lay one of that $ 100 bill down there beside the radio , and fuck off ? duke how about a check ? gonzo whatever 's right . duke move the radio as far from the tub as he can and leave , close the door behind he . int . mint HOTEL suite - night duke go across to the sofa and crash -- exhaust . suddenly a great rip and crash noise in the bathroom . gonzo ( v/o ) help ! you bastard ! I need help ! 46 . duke jump up -- cross to the bathroom door , mutter . duke shit , he 's kill himself ! int . bathroom - night duke rush in . gonzo flail -- try to reach the radio with the shower curtain pole which he have rip from its mount . gonzo ( snarling ) I want that fuck radio ! duke grab the radio . duke do not touch it ! get back in that tub ! gonzo back the tape up . I need it again ! let it roll ! just as high as the fucker can go ! and when it come to that fantastic note where the rabbit bite its own head off , I want you to throw that fucking radio into the tub with I ! duke stare down at gonzo . duke not I . it would blast you through the wall -- stone dead in ten second and they would make I explain it ! gonzo bullshit ! do not make I use this . he arm lash out of the water , holding the knife . duke Jesus . gonzo do it ! I want to get higher ! duke consider this . he 's have enough . 47 . duke okay . you be right . this be probably the only solution . ( hold the plugged in tape / radio over the tub ) let I make sure I have it all line up . you want I to throw this thing into the tub when " white rabbit " peak . be that it ? gonzo fall back into the water , smile gratefully . gonzo fuck yes . I be beginning to think I be go to have to go out and get one of the goddamn maid to do it . duke be you ready ? he switch " white rabbit " back on . gonzo howl and moan and thrashes to the music , strain to get over the top . meanwhile , duke pick up a grapefruit from the sink -- a good two - pounder , he get a grip on it ... and when " white rabbit " peak ... he hurl it into the tub like a cannonball . gonzo scream crazily , thrashing and churning -- causing a tidal wave . duke jerk the radio cable out of the socket -- slam out of the bathroom . int . mint HOTEL suite - night duke slump onto the sofa . silence . gonzo rip OPEN the bathroom door , he eye unfocus . he wave the razor sharp blade out in front of he -- lunge at duke . duke whip out a can of mace . duke mace ! you want this ? gonzo stop -- hiss . gonzo you bastard ! you would do that , would not you ? 48 . duke ( laugh ) why worry ? you will like it . nothing in the world like a mace high . forty - five minute on you knee with the dry heave ... gonzo you cheap honky sonofabitch ... duke why not ? Hell , just a minute ago , you be ask I to kill you ! and now you want to kill I ! what I should do , goddamnit , be call the police ! gonzo the cop ? duke there 's no choice . I would not dare go to sleep with you wander around with a head full of acid and want to slice I up with that goddamn knife ! gonzo ( mumble ) who say anything about slice you up ? I just want to carve a little Z on you forehead . nothing serious . gonzo shrug and reach for a cigarette on top of the tv set . duke ( menace he with the mace ) get back in that tub . eat some red and try to calm down . smoke some grass , shoot some smack -- shit , do whatever you have to do , but let I get some rest . gonzo turn toward the bathroom -- suddenly sad . gonzo Hell , yes . you really need some sleep . you have to work . goddamn . what a bummer . try to rest . do not let I keep you up . 49 . gonzo shuffles back into the bathroom . duke wedge a chair up against the bathroom doorknob and put the mace can next to the clock . duke turn on the tv . white noise fill the room . he collapse onto the sofa and light up he lightbulb as pipe . duke ( v/o ) ignore the nightmare in the bathroom . just another ugly refugee from the Love generation . the white noise snow storm on the tv be reflect in he face . the camera pull back revealing the entire wall behind he to be swirling with the fizzing snowstorm pattern . duke ( v/o ) my attorney have never be able to accept the notion -- often espouse by former drug abuser -- that you can get a lot higher without drug than with they . and neither have I , for that matter . the pattern on the wall change to a 60's viscous oil lightshow pattern . with duke still sit in the foreground , the project image widen to reveal the interior of a haight ashbury dance hall full of dancing proto -hippies . int . matrix club - night a slightly younger duke move through the throng . all the action be in a dreamlike slow-motion . duke ( v/o ) I recall one night in the matrix . there I be -- a victim of the drug explosion . a natural street freak , just eat whatever come by . a road - person with a big pack on he back be shouting . the sound of he voice , like he movement , be in slow-motion . road - person anybody want some l...s...d...? I get all the makin 's right here . all I need be a place to cook . the camera push right into the road - person 's mouth . int . matrix men' room - night still in slow motion , the younger duke be try to eat a huge spansule of acid . with difficulty . 50 . duke ( v/o ) I decide to eat only half at first . good think . but I spill the rest on the sleeve of my red pendleton shirt . duke stare at he sleeve , uncertain what to do . c/u of the door to the men' room as a musician enter speak in slow-motion . musician what 's the trouble ? duke ( also in slow -motion ) well , all this white stuff on my sleeve be lsd . the musician approach and look down at duke be arm . a long pause . cut back to tight shot of door as it open and a very clean - cut , preppy , stockbroker type enter . he freeze in horror . we cut to he Pov . duke be stand in the middle of the men' room with the musician hunkere down at he side ... suck on he sleeve . a very gross tableau . the stockbroker slowly ease out of the room . duke ( v/o ) with a bit of luck he life be ruin -- forever think that just behind some narrow door in all he favorite bar , man in red pendleton shirt be get incredible kick from thing he will never know . int . a bar - year later - night the stockbroker looking considerably older sit look lose , confuse , a nervous wreck . the image flare out in a tv white noise snowstorm . int . mint HOTEL suite - night duke sit stare at the tv . 51 . duke ( v/o ) strange memory on this nervous night in Las Vegas . ( he get up , pour himself a drink ) have it be five year ? six ? it seem like a lifetime -- the kind of peak that never come again . San Francisco in the middle sixty be a very special time and place to be a part of . but no explanation , no mix of word or music or memory can touch that sense of know that you be there and alive in that corner of time and the world . whatever it mean . duke throw open the curtain . Light stream in . ext . 1965 stock footage we be in san francisco . image of the time flood in . duke ( v/o ) there be madness in any direction , at any hour ... you could strike SPARKS anywhere . there be a fantastic universal sense that whatever we be do be right , that we be winning . and that , I think , be the handle -- that sense of inevitable victory over the force of old and evil . not in any mean or military sense ; we didn't need that . our ENERGY would simply prevail . we have all the momentum ; we be riding the crest of a high and beautiful wave ... duke's face be suffused with a sadness and serenity we have never see before . duke ( v/o ) so now , less than five year later , you can go up on a steep hill in Las Vegas and look west , and with the right kind of eye you can almost see the high water mark -- that place where the wave finally break and roll back . 52 . the memory dissolve into the night skyline of Vegas . suddenly tower over the casinos be a 200 foot high Nazi shouting " woodstock ber alle ! " int . mint HOTEL suite - night duke close the curtain . the room be in darkness again . int . mint HOTEL suite - dawn a harsh door buzzer . duke jerk awake . alone . look like shit . around he be the wreckage of they stay . duke ( v/o ) the decision to flee come suddenly . or maybe not . duke open the door to a bell boy with a trolley load of fruit , drink and flower ... and a smile . bell boy room service ! the bell boy wheel the trolley across the room -- already stack with even more box of goodies . duke ( v/o ) maybe I would plan it all along -- subconsciously wait for the right moment . the bill be a factor , I think . because I have no money to pay for it . duke slam the door -- start frantically packing . duke ( v/o ) we room service tabs have be run somewhere between $ 29 and $ 36 per hour , for forty - eight consecutive hour . incredible . how could it happen ? duke see the discarde wrapping of expensive , hand tooled luggage . a sudden think . he rush to gonzo 's room -- empty . his plastic briefcase remain on the bed ... duke ( v/o ) but by the time I ask this question , there be no one around to answer . duke open the briefcase -- find the .357 magnum inside . 53. duke ( v/o ) my attorney be go . he must have sense trouble . quick CUT to : ext . las vega airport - day gonzo wave goodbye as he board a airplane with a set of brand - new fine cowhide luggage . duke ( v/o ) panic . int . corridor outside HOTEL suite - day duke emerge with he bag and gonzo 's plastic briefcase -- leave the do not disturb sign on the door -- check both way , then hurry away down the corridor . duke ( v/o ) it creep up my spine like first rise vibe of a acid frenzy . all this horrible reality begin to dawn on I . int . mint HOTEL elevator - day a anxiety ride duke watch the floor number as the elevator descend . he search he pocket ... duke ( v/o ) here I be , alone in Las Vegas , with this goddamn incredibly expensive car , completely twisted on drug , no cash , no story for the magazine . and on top of everything else I have a gigantic goddamn hotel bill to deal with . duke find a last crumpled $ 5 bill . the door open . a security guard enter with a old lady in handcuff . duke hide the bill -- cram back into the corner . Doors close . duke ( v/o ) I do not even know who have win the race . maybe nobody . 54 . int . mint HOTEL lobby - day duke hurry out of the elevator -- eye on a hover manager . past the curious look of the reception clerk . duke ( mutter to himself ) how would Horatio alger have handle this situation ? ext . mint HOTEL - day motor , duke give he $ 5 bill to the HOTEL front doorman with a smile . the doorman blow a frantic whistle and wave at the car boy . duke ( v/o ) stay calm . stay calm . I be a relatively respectable citizen -- a multiple felon , perhaps , but certainly not dangerous . the car boy pull up with a screech . duke jump in . the back seat be stack with bar of neutrogena , pile of mint 400 t-shirt , box of grapefruit . duke ( v/o cont 'd ) luckily , I have take the soap and grapefruit and other luggage out to the car a few hour earlier . now it be only a matter of slip the noose ... duke shift into drive . deliverance ! clerk voice mr. duke ! duke freeze . clerk voice Mr. Duke ! we have be look for you ! duke ( v/o ) the game be up ! they have I . duke ( to himself ) well , why not ? many fine book have be write in prison . 55 . resigned , duke turn off the ignition . a young clerk arrive breathlessly with a smile and a yellow letter in he hand . clerk sir? ( thrust out a telegram ) this telegram come for you . actually , it be not for you . it 's for somebody name Thompson , but it say ' care of raoul Duke ' . do that make sense ? duke ( barely able to speak ) yes ... it make sense . duke stuff the telegram into he top pocket . the clerk peer into the car -- see part of the enormous stash inside . clerk I check the register for this man Thompson . we do not show he but I figure he might be part of you team . duke he be . do not worry , I will get it to he . he fire up the engine -- ease the red shark into low gear . security guard be look across -- share a quiet word or two . clerk what confuse we be Dr. gonzo 's signature on the telegram from Los Angeles . when we know he be right here in the hotel . duke you do the right thing . never try to understand a press message . about half the time we use code -- especially with Dr. gonzo . clerk tell I . when will the doctor be awake ? 56 . duke ( tense ) awake ? what do you mean ? duke 's eye be on the security guard -- move closer . clerk ( uncomfortably ) well ... the manager , Mr. heem , would like to meet he . nothing unusual . Mr. heem like to meet all we large account ... put they on a personal basis ... just a chat and a handshake , you understand . duke of course . but if I be you , I would leave the Doctor alone until after he 's eat breakfast . he 's a very crude man . duke edge the car forward , but be stop by the clerk . clerk but he will be available ? perhaps later this morning ? duke look . that telegram be all scramble . it be actually from Thompson , not to he . western Union must have get the name reverse . I have to get go . I have to get out to the track . clerk there 's no hurry ! the race be over ! duke ( take off ) not for I . he wave the clerk off the car -- roar away . clerk let 's have lunch ! duke righto ! ext . road out of vega - day duke drive the red shark out of Vegas . 57 . a " you be leaving las vega " sign flash past . Bob Dylan play : " Memphis blue again -- " aaww , mama , can this really by the end ...? " a sign : los angele -- 400 mile . duke ( v/o ) Jesus , bad wave of paranoia , madness , fear and loathing -- intolerable vibration in this place . get out ! the weasel be close in . I could smell the ugly brute . flee ! duke drive fast . duke do I one last favor Lord : just give I five more high - speed hour before you bring the hammer down ; just let I get rid of this goddamn car and off of this horrible desert . a sign flash " you can run but you can't hide . " a patrol car pull out behind he , light flash . duke ( cont 'd ) you evil bastard ! this be you work ! you would better take care of I , Lord ... because if you do not you be go to have I on you hand . the patrol car scream after the red shark . duke ( v/o ) few people understand the psychology of deal with a highway traffic cop . you normal speeder will panic and immediately pull over to the side . this be wrong . duke floor the gas pedal . duke ( v/o ) it arouse contempt in the cop heart . the speedometer climb steadily . 58 . duke ( v/o ) make the bastard chase you . he will follow . but he will not know what to make of you blinker signal that say you be about to turn right . duke signal right . the red shark scream at 120 mph . duke ( v/o ) this be to let he know you be look for a proper place to pull off and talk . a exit off ramp : max speed 25 . duke hit the brake . the cop brake . duke ( v/o ) it will take he a moment to realize that he be about to make 180 degree turn at speed ... but you will be ready for it , brace for the G 's and the fast heel toe work . the patrol car spin and fishtail crazily out of control . ext . scenic picnic area - day the patrol car come skid around the corner . duke stand beside the red shark , completely relaxed and smile . the highway patrolman get out of the car , scream . highway patrolman just what the fuck do you think you be do ?! duke smile . highway patrolman May I see you license . duke of course , officer . duke reach for it . and both men look down at a beer can -- which duke have , somehow , forget be in he hand . duke ( v/o ) I know I be fuck . the cop relax -- actually smile ... he reach out for duke 's wallet , then hold out he other hand for the beer . 59 . highway patrolman could I have that , please ? duke why not ? it be get warm anyway . the highway patrolman take it , pour out the beer -- glance in the back seat of the red shark . amongst the bar of soap ... a case of warm beer . duke smile back at he . highway patrolman you realize ... duke yeah . I know . I be guilty . I understand that . I know it be a crime but I do it anyway . shit , why argue ? I be a fuck criminal . highway patrolman that 's a strange attitude . he look at duke thoughtfully . highway patrolman you know -- I get the feel you could use a nap . there 's a rest area up ahead . why do not you pull over and sleep a few hour ? duke a nap will not help . I have be awake for too long -- three or four night . I can not even remember . if I go to sleep now , I be dead for twenty hour . the highway patrolman smile . highway patrolman okay . here 's how it be . what go into my book , as of noon , be that I apprehend you ... for drive too fast , and advise you to proceed no further than the next rest area ... you state destination , right ? where you plan to take a long nap . do I make myself clear ? duke how far be Baker ? I be hope to stop there for lunch . 60 . highway patrolman not my jurisdiction . the city limit be two point two mile beyond the rest area . can you make it that far ? duke I will try . I have be want to go to Baker for a long time . I have hear a lot about it . the patrolman hold the door for duke who get in . highway patrolman excellent seafood . with a mind like yours , you will probably want to try the land - crab . try the majestic diner . the patrolman slam the door shut . ext . desert road - day duke drive away -- tooth gritt . duke ( v/o ) I feel rape . the pig have do I on all front , and now he be go off to chuckle about it -- on the west side of town , wait for I to make a run for l.a . duke drive past the rest area to a intersection where he signal to turn right into Baker . as he approach the turn he see the hitchhiker ! as duke slow to make the turn they eye meet . duke be about to wave -- but the hitchhiker drop he thumb . duke great Jesus , it 's he . duke , spook , spin the red shark round -- roar back the way he come . ext . baker truck stop - day duke on the public phone booth -- scream . duke they have nail I ! I be trap in some stinking desert crossroad call Baker . I do not have much time . the fucker be close in . they will hunt I down like a beast ! 61 . int . gonzo' office - day gonzo sit surround by legal papers and law book . mexican Day of the Dead mask hang from the wall -- flame - red demon . gonzo who ? you sound a little paranoid . ext . baker truck stop - day duke scream -- sweat pour . duke you bastard ! I need a lawyer immediately ! int . gonzo' office - day gonzo what be you do in Baker ? do not you get my telegram ? ext . baker truck stop - day duke what ? fuck telegram . I be in trouble . you worthless bastard . I will cripple you ass for this ! all that shit in the car be yours ! you understand that ? when I finish testify out here you will be disbarre ! int . gonzo' office - day gonzo you be suppose to be in Vegas . we have a suite at the flamingo . I be just about to leave for the airport . int . baker truck stop - day duke pull out the telegram from he top pocket . gonzo' voice you brainless scumbag ! you be suppose to be cover the National District Attorney 's conference ! I make all the reservation ... rent a white cadillac convertible ... the whole thing be arrange ! what the hell be you do out there in the middle of the fuck desert ? 62 . duke stare at the telegram . duke never mind . it 's all a big joke . I be actually sit beside the pool at the flamingo . I be talk from a portable phone . some dwarf bring it out from the casino . I have total credit ! can you grasp that ? ( shout ) do not come anywhere near this place ! foreigner be not welcome here ! duke , breathe heavily , hang up phone . ext . desert - day c/ U of .357 Magnum cylinder be spun . duke ( v/o ) well . this be how the world work . c/u a iguana bask in the sun . duke ( v/o ) all energy flow accord to the whim of the great magnet . c/u barrel of the gun . it fire . a explosion of desert dirt . duke ( v/o ) what a fool I be to defy him . the iguana sit unfaze . duke ( v/o ) never cross the great magnet . I understand this now ... ( another blast from the gun ) ... and with understanding come a sense of almost terminal relief . duke stand alone in the vast desert fire at nothing , the thud of the explosion echo away . ext . road into vega - day the red shark drive back towards Las Vegas . 63. duke ( v/o ) I have to get rid of the shark . too many people might recognize it ... ... especially the Vegas Police . ( tight c/u of duke ) luckily , my credit card be still technically valid . pull back to reveal : duke , now drive a white cadillac coupe de ville -- the white whale . duke push button -- lower the top . duke ( v/o ) this be a superior machine -- ten grand worth of gimmick and high price special effect . the rear window leapt up with a touch like frog in a dynamite pond . the dashboard be full of esoteric light and dial and meter that I would never understand . ext . flamingo HOTEL - afternoon a giant sign : the flamingo welcomes the national da's conference on narcotics &amp ; dangerous drug . duke ( v/o ) if the Pigs be gather in Vegas , I feel the drug Culture should be represent as well ... and there be a certain bent appeal in the notion of run a savage burn on one Las Vegas hotel and then just wheeling across town and check into another . the white whale turn into a VIP parking slot , immediately attend by impressed minion . duke ( v/o ) I and a thousand rank cop from all over America . why not ? move confidently into they midst . int . flamingo HOTEL lobby - afternoon duke enter -- old Levis , grubby sneaker , 10 peso acapulco shirt come apart at the seam , 3 day growth , eye hide behind mirror shade . he head for the check - in line . 64 . duke ( v/o ) my arrival be badly time . the place be full of cop . 200 of they , on vacation , all dress in cut price Vegas casual : plaid bermuda short , arnie palmer golf shirt , and rubberize beach sandal . ahead of duke -- a police chief argue with the desk clerk . the police chief' agnew style wife stand to the side , weep . the police chief' friend stand uneasily around . police chief what do you mean I be too late to register ? I be a police chief . from Michigan . look , fella , I tell you . ( wave a postcard ) I have a postcard here that say I have reservation in this hotel . clerk ( prissily ) I be sorry , sir . you be on the " late list . " you reservation be transfer to the ... ah ... moonlight Motel , which be out on paradise boulevard ... police chief I have already pay for my goddamn room ! clerk it 's actually a very fine place of lodging and only sixteen block from here , with its own pool and ... police chief you dirty little faggot ! call the manager ! I be tired of listen to this dogshit ! friend restrain the police chief . clerk ( solicitously ) I be so sorry , sir . May I call you a cab ? the police chief 's scream insult fade away ... duke ( v/o ) of course , I could hear what the clerk be really say ... 65 . clerk ( in duke's imagination ) listen , you fuzzy little shithead -- I have be fuck around , in my time , by a fairly good cross - section of mean- tempere rule - crazy cop and now it 's my turn . " fuck you , officer , I be in charge here , and I be tell you we do not have room for you . " duke step to the desk , around the raging police chief . duke say . I hate to interrupt , but I wonder if maybe I could just sort of slide through and get out of you way . name 's raoul Duke -- raoul Duke . my attorney make the reservation . duke snap a credit card down onto the counter . everyone go silent . the police chief group stare at he like he be some kid of water rat crawl up to the desk . the clerk hit the bell for the bellboy . clerk certainly , Mr. Duke ! duke my bag be out there in that white cadillac convertible . can you have someone drive it around to the room ? all eye turn to the gleam white whale . duke oh , and could I get a quart of Wild Turkey , two fifth of baccardi , and a night 's worth of ice deliver to my room , please ? clerk do not worry about a thing , sir . just enjoy you stay . duke well , thank you . duke give the police chief a polite smile -- cross to the elevator -- turn to face the gawping cop -- pop a can of beer and toast they . the door close . 66 . int . HOTEL flamingo - corridor outside suite - day duke ram the key home -- swing the door open . duke ah , home at last ! int . HOTEL flamingo suite - afternoon duke enter . the door hit something with a thud . a 16 - year- old girl with the aura of a angry pit bull . gonzo stand in the bathroom doorway -- stark naked with a drug-addled grin on he face . duke you degenerate pig ! gonzo it can not be help . this be Lucy . ( laugh distractedly ) you know -- like " Lucy in the Sky with diamond . " lucy eye duke venomously . gonzo Lucy ! Lucy , be cool , goddamnit ! remember what happen at the airport ! no more of that , okay ? lucy keep she eye on duke . gonzo idle over and put he arm round she shoulder . gonzo Lucy ... this be my client . this be Mr. Duke , the famous journalist . he 's pay for this suite , Lucy . he 's on we side . duke flop onto the sofa . gonzo Mr. Duke be my friend . he love artist . duke notice for the first time that the room be full of artwork . maybe 40 or 50 portrait , some in oil , some in charcoal , all more or less the same size and same face . gonzo Lucy paint portrait of barbra streisand . 67 . lucy I draw this from tv . gonzo fantastic . she come all the way down here from Montana just to give this portrait to barbra . we be go over to the americana Hotel tonight to meet she backstage ... duke 's voice rise above gonzo . duke ( v/o ) I desperately need peace , rest , sanctuary . I have not count on this . find my attorney on acid and lock into some kind of preternatural courtship . duke well , I guess they bring the car round by now . let' get the STUFF out of the trunk . duke fix gonzo hard . gonzo absolutely , let' get the STUFF . ( to lucy ) now , we will be right back . do not answer the phone if it ring . lucy ( make one - finger Jesus freak sign ) God bless . int . flamingo HOTEL - corridor outside suite - day duke collar gonzo -- serious . duke well ? what be you plan ? gonzo plan ? duke Lucy . 68 . gonzo ( struggle to focus ) shit . I meet she on the plane and I have all that acid . ( he shrug ) you know , that little blue barrel . I give she a cap before I realize ... she 's a religious freak ... Jesus , she 's never even have a drink . duke well ... it will probably work out . we can keep she load and pedal she ass at the drug convention . gonzo stare uneasily at duke . gonzo listen , she 's run away from home for something like the fifth time in six month . it 's terrible . duke she 's perfect for this gig . this cop will go fifty buck a head to beat she into submission and then gang fuck she . we can set she up in one of this back street motel , hang picture of Jesus all over the room , then turn this pig loose on she ... Hell she 's strong ; she will hold she own . gonzo 's face twitches badly . gonzo Jesus Christ . I know you be sick but I never expect to hear you actually say that kind of stuff . duke it 's straight economics . this girl be a god-send . shit , she can make we a grand a day . gonzo no ! stop talk like that . duke I figure she can do about four at a time . Christ , if we keep she full of acid that 's more like two grand a day . maybe three . 69 . gonzo you filthy bastard . I should cave you fuck head in . duke in a few hour , she will probably be sane enough to work herself into a tower jesus-base rage at the hazy recollection of be seduce by some kind of cruel samoan who feed she liquor and lsd , drag she to a Vegas hotel room and savagely penetrate every orifice in she body with he throbbing , uncircumcise member . gonzo start cry . gonzo no ! I feel sorry for the girl , I want to help she ! duke you will go straight to the gas chamber . and even if you manage to beat that , they will send you back to nevada for rape and consensual sodomy . she 's get to go . pause . gonzo shit , it do not pay to try to help somebody this day . a silence . duke ( v/o ) the only alternative be to take she out to the desert and feed she remain to the lizard . but , it seem a bit heavy for the thing we be try to protect : my attorney . gonzo we have to cut she loose . she 's get two hundred dollar . and we can always call the cop up there in Montana , where she life , and turn she in . duke what ?... what kind of goddamn monster be you ? 70 . gonzo it just occur to I , that she have no witness . anything that she say about we be completely worthless . duke we ? int . HOTEL flamingo suite - sunset duke be speak into the phone in hushed tone . duke Hotel americana ? I need a reservation . for my niece . listen , I need she treat very gently . she 's a artist , and might seem a trifle highstrung ... in the background gonzo help lucy and she painting out the door . gonzo okay , Lucy , it 's time to go meet barbra ... duke ( v/o ) I feel like a Nazi , but it have to be do . ext . on the street - a cab stand - dusk the white whale pull up -- duke at the wheel . gonzo help lucy and she painting from the car . duke ( v/o ) Lucy be a potentially fatal millstone on both we neck . there be absolutely no choice but to cut she adrift and hope she memory be fuck . gonzo unroll a couple of bill -- pay off a cab driver -- wave to lucy in the back with she painting . she 's start to come down ... gonzo get back in the white whale and slap he hand together as if wash he hand of the situation . gonzo well that 's that . take off slowly . do not attract attention . 71 . they pull out into traffic . ext . las vega street - dusk gonzo I give the cabbie a extra ten buck to make sure she get there safe . also , I tell he I would be there myself in a hour , and if she be not , I would come back out here and rip he lung out . duke that 's good . you can not be subtle in this town . gonzo as you attorney , I advise you to tell I where you put the goddamn mescaline . duke maybe we should take it easy tonight . gonzo right . let 's find a good seafood restaurant and eat some red salmon . I feel a powerful lust for red salmon ... the electric white whale head off down the Strip . the sun 's go down behind the scrub hill , a good kristofferson tune croak on the radio in the warm dusk . int . HOTEL flamingo suite - bathroom - next morning gonzo throw up in the toilet bowl . in the background , duke open curtain . daylight blind he . duke come on , we be go to be late . gonzo look up at he sick reflection -- wipe he mouth with a towel . gonzo this goddamn mescaline . why the fuck can not they make it a little less pure ? maybe mix it up with rolaid or something . 72 . int . HOTEL ballroom - day executive director ( crackle and booming over the lousy sound system ) on behalf of the prosecute attorney of this county , I welcome you to the third National da 's Conference on narcotics and dangerous drug . the executive director -- well groom , GOP businessman type -- speak from the podium . a banner behind he read : national da's convention 1971 . " if you do not know , come to learn ... if you know , come to teach . " a big mix crowd : top level straight cop , undercover narc and other twilight type -- beard , mustaches and super - mod dress . just because you be a cop , do not mean you can not be with it ! however , for every urban -hipster there be around 20 redneck . a dozen big , low - fidelity speaker mount on steel pole distort and feed back the executive 's voice through the room . at the back , under a loudspeaker , sit duke -- $ 40 FBI wingtip , a Pat boone madra sportcoat , and a official name tag : raoul duke , private investigator , l.a . gonzo sit beside he . his name tag : dr . gonzo . expert , criminal drug analysis . he 's nervous -- close to the edge . gonzo ( lower he voice ) I see this bastard in easy Rider , but I do not believe they be real . not like this . not hundred of they ! duke they be actually nice people when you get to know they . gonzo man , I know this people in my goddamn blood ! duke do not mention that word around here . you will get they excited . gonzo this be a fuck nightmare . 73. duke right . sure as hell some dope - deal bomb freak be go to recognize you and put the word out that you be party with a thousand cop . cop in back sssshhh ! dr . blumquist -- a " drug expert " -- take the stage . dr . blumquist we must come to term with the drug Culture in the country ... country ... country ... the sound system echoe . dr . blumquist ( cont 'd ) the reefer butt be call a " roach , " because it resemble a cockroach ... cockroach ... cockroach ... gonzo ( whisper ) what the fuck be this people talk about ? you would have to be crazy on acid to think a joint look like a goddamn cockroach ! duke ( v/o ) it be clear that we have stumble into a prehistoric gather . dr . blumquist now , there be four state of be in the cannabis , or marijuana , society : cool , groovy , hip , and Square . the square be seldom if ever cool . he be not " with it , " that be , he do not know " what 's happen . " but if he manage to figure it out , he move up a notch to " hip . " duke and gonzo listen in disbelief . dr . blumquist ( cont 'd ) and if he can bring himself to approve of what be happen , he become " groovy . " after that , with much luck and perseverance , he can rise to the rank of " cool . " a cool guy ... cool guy ... cool guy ... 74 . cop in back Dr. bloomquist , do you think the anthropologist , Margaret mead 's strange behavior of late might possibly be explain by a private marijuana addiction ? dr . blumquist I really do not know , but at she age , if she do smoke grass , she would have one hell of a trip ! roar of laughter . gonzo I know a hell of a lot better way to waste my time than listen to this bullshit . he stand , knock the ashtray off he chair arm , and plunge down the aisle to the door . cop in back down in front ! gonzo fuck you ! I have to get out ! I do not belong here ! cop in back good riddance ! he stumble from the room . duke turn he attention back to the stage . the light go down . a black &amp ; white film -- reefer madness ! -- illustrate he now evangelical talk . film narrator know you dope fiend ! you life may depend on it ! you will not be able to see he eye because of tea - shade , but he knuckle will be white from inner tension ... duke turn he attention to a 340 pound texan police chief who neck with he 290 pound wife beside he . film narrator ... and he pants will be crust with semen from constantly jack off when he can not find a rape victim ... 75 . duke gaze at the texan and he wife . -- feign sickness , he get up , hand over mouth . duke pardon I , I feel sick . film narrator he will stagger and babble when question . he will not respect you badge . the dope fiend fear nothing . he will attack , for no reason , with every weapon at he command -- include yours ... duke head for the exit . duke sorry , sick ... beg pardon ! feeling sick ... film narrator beware . any officer apprehend a suspect marijuana addict should use all necessary force immediately . one stitch in time [ on he ] will usually save nine on you . duke crash out through the door . int . casino bar - day duke see gonzo at the bar -- talk to a sporty looking cop about 40 whose name tag identify he as a district attorney from georgia . da I be a whiskey man myself . we do not have much trouble from drug where I come from ... gonzo you will . one of this night you will wake up and find a junkie tear you bedroom apart . da naw ! gonzo they will climb right into you bedroom and sit on you chest with big bowie knife . they might even sit on you wife 's chest . put the blade right down on she throat . 76 . da not down in my part . duke join they . duke ( to waitress ) rum and ice , please . da ( look at duke's name tag ) you be another one of this California boy . you friend here 's be tellin ' we about dope fiend . duke they be everywhere . nobody 's safe . and sure as hell not in the South . they like warm weather ... you would never believe it . in L.A. it 's out of control . first it be drug , now it 's witchcraft . da witchcraft ? shit , you can not mean it ! the bartender clean he glass , one ear strain for the conversation . gonzo read the newspaper . duke man , you do not know trouble until you have to face down a bunch of this addict go crazy for human sacrifice ! da naw ! that 's science fiction stuff ! duke not where we operate . gonzo Hell , in malibu alone , this goddamn Satan worshipper kill six or eight people every day . all they want be the blood . they will take people right off the street if they have to . 77 . duke just the other day we have a case where they grab a girl right out of a McDonald 's hamburger stand . she be a waitress , about sixteen year old ... with a lot of people watch , too ! the bartender keep clean the same glass -- more and more furiously . da what happen ? what do they do to she ? gonzo do? Jesus Christ , man . they chop she goddamn head off right there in the parking lot ! then they cut all kind of hole in she head and suck out the blood ! da ( da ad-lib a summation of the crime ) and nobody do anything ? duke what could they do ? the guy that take the head be about six - seven , and maybe three - hundred pound . he be pack two luger , and the other have m - 16 . gonzo they just run back out into death Valley -- you know , where Manson turn up ... duke like big lizard . gonzo ... and every one of they stack naked ... da nake !? duke nake . 78 . gonzo yeh , naked !... except for the weapon . duke they be all veteran . da Veteran ?!!!? agog with the horror of the story , the bartender polish the glass -- faster and faster ... gonzo yeh . the big guy use to be a major in the Marines . da a major ! gonzo we know where he life , but we can not get near the house . da naw ! not a major . gonzo he want the pineal gland . da really ? gonzo that 's how he get so big . when he quit the Marines he be just a little guy . duke usually , it 's whole family . during the night . most of they do not even wake up until they feel they head go -- and then , of course , it 's too late . the glass smashes in the bartender 's hand . duke ( cont 'd ) happens every day . duke turn to a waitress with a warm smile . 79 . duke ( cont 'd ) Three more rum . plenty of ice . maybe a handful of lime chunks . waitress be you guy with the police convention upstairs ? da we sure be , miss . waitress I think so . I never hear that kind of talk around here before . Jesus Christ ! how do you guy stand that kind of work ? gonzo ( grin ) we like it . it 's groovy . the waitress stare -- sicken -- at gonzo . duke what 's wrong with you ? Hell , somebody have to do it . gonzo hurry up with that drink . we be thirsty . only two rum . make mine a bloody Mary . da ( whacks he fist on the bar ) Hell , I really hate to hear this . because everything that happen in California seem to get down we way , sooner or later . mostly Atlanta . but that be back when the goddamn bastard be peaceful . all we have to do be to keep them under surveillance . they do not roam around much ... but now Jesus , it seem nobody 's safe . gonzo ( with a conspiratorial nod ) you be go to need to take the bull by the horn -- go to the mat with this scum . 80 . da what do you mean by that ? gonzo you know what I mean . we have do it before and we can damn well do it again ! duke cut they goddamn head off . every one of they . that 's what we be do in California . da ( stupefy ) what ? gonzo sure . it 's all on the q.t. , but everybody who matter be with we all the way down the line . duke we keep it quiet . it 's not the kind of thing you would want to talk about upstairs . not with the press around . da ( recover slightly ) Hell , no . we would never hear the goddamn end of it . duke doberman do not talk . da what ? gonzo sometimes it 's easier to just rip out the backstrap . duke they will fight like hell if you try to take the head without the dog . da God almighty ! ( mutter in a daze ) I do not think I should tell my wife about this . she would never understand . you know how woman be . 81 . duke give the da a brotherly slap on the back . duke just be thankful you heart be young and strong . duke and gonzo leave the stunne da -- stare into the swirl ice in drink . int . HOTEL flamingo suite - day duke and gonzo fall into the suite in fit of laughter . gonzo feel the nausea rise suddenly -- head for the bathroom . immediate sound of retching . the phone message light be blink . duke open a beer , pick up the phone . duke what 's the message ? my light be blink . clerk ( v/o ) ah , yes . Mr. Duke ? you have one message : " call Lucy at the americana Hotel , room 1600 . " duke Holy shit ! duke slam the phone down . gonzo emerge from the bathroom -- look like death . duke Lucy call . gonzo sag visibly -- like a animal take a bullet . gonzo what ? the telephone ring . duke answer . int . flamingo HOTEL - reception - day a worried clerk speak in to the phone . clerk Mr. Duke ? hello , Mr. Duke , I be sorry we be cut off a moment ago ... I think I should call again , because I be wonder ... 82. int . flamingo HOTEL suite - day duke what ? ( hand over the phone ) what be that crazy bitch say to he ? ( scream ) there 's a war on , man ! people be be kill ! clerk ( v/o ) kill ? duke in vietnam ! on the goddamn television ! clerk ( v/o ) oh ... yes ... yes ... this terrible war . when will it end ? duke tell I . what do you want ? in the background gonzo be upturn a sofa to retrieve he stash from the lining . clerk ( v/o ) the woman who leave that message for you sound very disturb . I think she be cry ... duke crying ? why be she cry ? clerk ( v/o ) well , uh . she do not say Mr. Duke . but since I know you be here with the Police Convention ... duke look , you want to be gentle with that woman if she ever call again . we be watch she very carefully ... this woman have be into laudanum . it 's a control experiment , but I suspect we will need you cooperation before this thing be over . clerk ( v/o ) ( hesitantly ) well , certainly ... we be always happy to cooperate with the police ... 83. duke do not worry . you be protect . just treat this poor woman like you would treat any other human be in trouble . clerk ( v/o ) what ? ah ... yes , yes , I see what you mean ... yes ... so , you will be responsible then ? duke of course . and now I have to get back to the news . send up some ice . he hang up . gonzo zap tv channel -- commercial . gonzo good work . they will treat we like goddamn leper after that . duke ( slowly , carefully ) Lucy be look for you . gonzo ( laugh ) no , she 's look for you . duke I ? gonzo she really flip over you . the only way I could get rid of she be by say you be take I out to the desert for a showdown -- that you want I out of the way so you could have she all to yourself . ( laugh again ) I guess she figure you win . that phone message be not for I , be it ? a look of stunne realization from duke ... int . fantasy court room - day lucy be on the witness stand . lucy yessir , that two man in the dock be the one who give I the lsd and take I to the hotel . 84 . a doom duke and gonzo await they fate . lucy I do not know for sure what they do to I , but I remember it be horrible . judge twenty year ... and double castration ! the judge bang he gavel . int . HOTEL flamingo suite - day duke be madly stuff he suitcase . gonzo wait ! you can not leave I alone in this snake pit . this room be in my name . duke keep packing . gonzo be look worried . gonzo ok , goddamnit !... look ... I will call she . I will get she off we back . you be right . she 's my problem . duke it 's go too far . gonzo relax . let I handle this . ( dial the phone , snap angrily at duke ) you would make a piss-poor lawyer . ... room 1600 , please . ( to duke ) as you attorney , I advise you not to worry . ( nod towards bathroom ) take a hit out of that little brown bottle in my shave kit . duke go in the bathroom . he find a little bottle -- a label : " drink I . " duke what be this ? 85 . gonzo you will not need much . just a little tiny taste , that stuff make pure mescaline seem like ginger - beer . adrenochrome . duke stare wonderingly at the bottle . duke adrenochrome ... gonzo ( into phone ) hi , Lucy ? yeah , it 's I . I get you message ... what ? Hell , no , I teach the bastard a lesson he will never forget ... what ? no , not dead , but he will not be bother anybody for a while . yeah . I leave he out there , I stomp he , then pull all he tooth out ... duke ( v/o ) I remember think , " Jesus , what a terrible thing to lay on somebody with a head full of acid . " duke dip a match head into the brown bottle -- study it -- tastes it -- nothing -- tastes some more ... gonzo ( to phone ) but here 's the problem . that bastard cashed a bad check downstairs and give you as a reference . they will be look for both of you . yeah , I know , but you can not judge a book by its cover , Lucy . some people be just basically rotten ... anyway , the last thing you want to do be call this hotel again ; they will trace the call and put you straight behind bar ... no , I be move to the tropicana right away . I have to go , they have get the phone tapped . yeah , I know , it be horrible , but it 's all over now ... oh my GOD ! they 're kicking the door down ! ( throw the phone down ; shout ) no ! get away from I ! I be innocent ! it be Duke ! I swear to God ! ( more ) 86 . gonzo ( cont 'd ) ( stomp the phone ; moan ) no , I do not know where she be . you will never catch Lucy ! she 's go ! I swear , I do not know where she be ! don't put that thing on I ! ( slam the phone down ) gonzo sit back in he chair ... watch mission impossible . gonzo well . that 's that . she 's probably stuff herself down the incinerator about now . that 's the last we should be hearing from Lucy . ( fumble with the hash pipe ) where 's the opium ? duke stare at the back of gonzo 's neck . something very strange be happening to he ... duke ( v/o ) I remember slumping on the bed , he performance have give I a bad jolt . for a moment I think he mind have snap -- that he actually believe he be be attack by invisible enemy . but the room be quiet again . duke clutch the brown bottle . duke where would you get this ? gonzo never mind , it 's absolutely pure . duke Jesus ... what kind of monster client have you pick up this time ? there 's only one source for this stuff -- the adrenaline gland from a live human body ! gonzo turn to smile at duke . 87 . gonzo I know , but the guy do not have any cash to pay I . he 's one of this Satanism freak . he offer I human blood -- say it would take I higher than I have ever be in my life . ( laugh -- strut round duke -- eye bright with expectation ) I think he be kid , so I tell he I would just as soon have a ounce or so of pure adrenochrome -- or maybe just a fresh adrenaline gland to chew on . duke ( v/o ) I could already feel the stuff work on I -- the first wave feel like a combination of mescaline and methedrine -- maybe I should take a swim , I think ... duke see that gonzo be toying with he hunting knife ... gonzo yeah , they nail this guy for child molest . he swore he do not do it . " why should I fuck with child ? " he say . " they be too small . " Christ , werewolf be entitle to legal counsel . I do not dare turn the creep down . he might have pick up a letter opener and go after my pineal gland ! gonzo jab with the razor bright knife . duke's body be go rigid -- he speak through gritted teeth . duke why not ? we should get some of that . just eat a big handful and see what happen . gonzo some of what ? duke ( spitting word ) extract of pineal ! 88. gonzo ( staring at duke with a strange smile ) sure . that 's a good idea . one whiff of that shit would turn you into something out of a goddamn medical encyclopedia . gonzo grow horn -- he face become a mexican demon mask . gonzo man , you head would swell up like a watermelon , you would probably gain about a hundred pound in two hour ... a cloven hoof burst through gonzo' shoe . duke right ! gonzo ... grow claw ... bleed wart . gonzo' chest expand -- bony rib bursting he shirt . duke yes ! gonzo ... then you would notice about six huge hairy tit swell up on you back ... a tail lash , hoof strike the floor . gonzo tower -- a flame red demon ! duke fantastic ! duke be now so wire that he hand be clawing uncontrollably at the bedspread , jerking it right out from under he . his heel be dig into the mattress with both knee locked , eyeballs swelling . gonzo-demon loom against the ceiling . gonzo you would go blind ... you body would turn to wax ... they would have to put you in a wheelbarrow and ... gonzo' voice fade away -- duke be frenzied gaze reveal gonzo reverted to normal human shape and size . 89 . gonzo man I will try about anything ; but I would never touch a pineal gland . duke finish the fucking story ! what happen ?! what about the gland ? gonzo , a small smile on he lip , back away warily ... towards the tv -- now a hundre feet away in the distance ... gonzo Jesus , that stuff get right on top of you , do not it . vein stand out on duke 's forehead . he be purplish - red . over the top ! too late , he realize he be near death ! duke maybe you could just ... shove I into the pool , or something ... gonzo shake he head disgustedly . gonzo if I put you in the pool right now , you would sink like a goddamn stone . you take too much . Jesus , look at you face , you be about to explode . gonzo sit back down ... watch the tv . gonzo do not try and fight it , or you will get brain bubbles . stroke , aneurysm . you will just wither up and die . duke fall to the ground , writhing , catatonic , sinking into paralysis . and the SOUND , suddenly and strangely , of the voice of richard nixon and he distorted face on the tv screen . nixon sacrifice ... sacrifice ... sacrifice ... duke pass out . black screen 90 . int . flamingo HOTEL suite - night darkness . insanely , somewhere nilsson play -- " put the lime in the coconut and mix they all up ... " duke ( v/o ) what kind of rat-bastard psychotic would play that song -- right now , at this moment ? duke open he eye and the hotel suite rush in . he lie , awkwardly twisted -- unable to move . he could have be there day -- month . duke ( v/o ) when I come to the general back alley ambiance of the suite be so rotten , so incredibly foul . how long have I be lie there ? hour ? day ? month ? all this sign of violence . what have happen ? duke move he eye -- take in he surroundings : like the sight of some disastrous zoological experiment involve whisky and gorilla . Blue and red Christmas tree light replace lightbulb , use towel hang everywhere , pornographic picture rip out of a magazine be plaster on a shattered mirror . duke ( v/o ) there be evidence in this room of excessive consumption of almost every type of drug know to civilized man since 1544 ad . duke manage to move -- stiffly get to he bare foot -- hobble round the trashed room like a newly rise ape . duke ( v/o ) but what kind of addict would need all this coconut husk and crush honeydew rind ? would the presence of junky account for all this uneaten french fries ? this puddle of glaze ketchup on the bureau ? maybe so , but then why all this booze ? and this crude pornographic photo smear with mustard that have dry to a hard yellow crust ... duke peer into gonzo 's room -- he bed like a burned out rat' nest -- blacken spring and wire . 91 . duke ( v/o ) this be not the hoof print of you normal god-fear junkie . it be too savage , too aggressive . quick flashback : gonzo smashes the ten foot mirror with a hammer : back in the room : duke stare at the smashed mirror . duke ( v/o ) grim memory and bad flashback . in the bathroom , duke's unlace boot crush broken glass in vomit and grapefruit rind . duke unzip and piss . there in the toilet BOWL be the magnum .357 ! duke ( v/o ) something ugly have happen . I be sure of it ... duke stare at the golden stream splashing on the gun . the sound of vomiting come from a closet near the front door . duke look into the room . he see gonzo 's ass stick out of the closet . he open he mouth to speak when , in the smashed mirror he sees the fragmented reflection of himself ... sleep on the sofa . the ominous SOUND of a key turning in the room lock . a hellish scream wake up the sleeping duke . he see gonzo grapple naked with the may -- gun to she head . gonzo be muffle she scream with a ice bag . maid please ... please ... I be only the may . I do not mean nothin !... duke ( jump up from the bed , flash he press badge ) you're under arrest ! 92 . gonzo ( to duke ) she must have use a pass key . I be polish my shoe in the closet when I notice she sneaking in - so I take she . duke shake he head . duke ( bark at the maid ) what make you do it ? who pay you off ? maid nobody . I be the may ! gonzo you be lie ! you be after the evidence . who put you up to this -- the manager ? maid I do not know what you be talk about ! gonzo bullshit ! you be just as much a part of it as they be ! maid part of what ? duke the dope ring . you must know what 's go on in this hotel . why do you think we be here ? maid ( blubber ) I know you be cop , but I think you be just here for that convention . I swear ! all I want to do be clean up the room . I do not know anything about dope ! gonzo laugh . gonzo come on , baby do not try to tell we you never hear of the grange Gorman . 93. maid no ! no ! I swear to Jesus I never hear of that stuff ! duke maybe she 's tell the truth . maybe she 's not part of it . maid no ! I swear I be not ! gonzo ( long pause ) in that case , maybe she can help . maid yes ! I will help you all you need ! I hate dope ! duke so do we , lady . gonzo ( help she up ) I think we should put she on the payroll . see what she come up with . duke do you think you can handle it ? maid what ? gonzo one phone call every day . just tell we what you have see . do not worry if it do not add up , that 's we problem . gonzo hustle the maid to the door . maid you would pay I for that ? duke you be damn right . but the first time you say anything about this , to anybody -- you will go straight to prison for the rest of you life . what 's you name ? maid Alice . just ring line service and ask for Alice . 94 . gonzo alright , Alice ... you will be contact by Inspector rock . Arthur rock . he will be pose as a politician . duke Inspector rock will pay you . in cash . a thousand dollar on the ninth of every month . maid oh Lord ! I would do just about anything for that ! gonzo you and a lot of other people . duke the password be : " one Hand wash the other . " the minute you hear that , you say " I fear nothing . " maid I fear nothing . she repeat the password several time while they listen to make sure she have it right . gonzo oh , and do not bother to make up the room . that way we will not have to risk another of this little incident , will we ? maid whatever you say , gentleman . I can not tell you how sorry I be about what happen ... gonzo do not worry , it 's all over now . thank God for the decent people . she smile , repeat to herself " one Hand wash the other " as gonzo hang the do not disturb sign and shut the door . CUT back to the present . a grimy tape run through a grunge - up portable tape recorder . gonzo on tape ... thank God for the decent people . 95 . duke sit in the middle of the wreck suite with he mangle tape recorder in front of he . duke ( v/o ) memories of that night be extremely hazy ... duke fast forward through the tape -- searching : " awwww , mama ... can this really ... be the end ...? " ext . safeway supermarket - day the white whale wait -- gleam -- beautiful . duke ( v/o ) there be a definite obligation , when you boom around Vegas in a white coupe de ville , to maintain a certain style . duke and gonzo burst out of the supermarket riding a shopping basket load with coconut , grapefruit and tequila . they send defeated shopper sprawling . the trolley collide into the white whale . shopper gather at the supermarket entrance to watch -- basket load with junk , scream kide and empty wallet . duke switch on the music : jumping jack flash . he select a coconut -- ceremonially balance it on the hood . gonzo pull out a silver claw-hammer . a sly look at the gather crowd ... then he smashes the hammer down on the coconut ! a gasp from the surly shopper . duke place another coconut . smash ! milk and white meat fly everywhere . shopper # 1 hey ! be that you car ? duke sure be . smash ! coconut fragment fly . duke any of you folk want the milk ? we be after the meat . this be honest coconut essence . Real meat . smash ! 96 . shopper # 2 meat , hell ! look what you be do to that car ! gonzo fuck the car . they should make this thing with a goddamn fm radio . smash ! duke yeh ... this foreign make crap -- be suck we dollar balance dry ! shopper # 3 someone should stop they ! smash ! duke you poor fool do not understand , do you ? this car be the property of the World Bank ! that money go to italy ! shopper # 3 somebody should call the police ! gonzo Police ? be you people crazy ? gonzo confront the crowd , hammer in one hand , a coconut in the other . gonzo ( cont 'd ) you folk every hear of ole Patrick Henry ? know what he say ?! silence -- the crowd uncomprehend of this stone degenerate . gonzo ( cont 'd ) ( roar ) give I LIBERTY or give I death ! gonzo bring the hammer down on the hood . clang ! a gasp from the crowd . get ugly . gonzo ( cont 'd ) in Samoa we love the constitution ! shopper # 3 bullshit . 97 . the crowd move in . shopper # 1 call the goddamn police ! gonzo swing the hammer . clang ! shopper # 4 look what they have do to that beautiful car ! duke jump in behind the wheel . duke this crowd be not rational . they can not relate to we . let 's go ! a final clang ! gonzo jump in . duke floor the accelerator -- scream at the crowd . duke you people vote for hubert humphrey ! you kill Jesus ! they swerve round and through the crowd . duke ( v/o ) the crowd break rank . nobody want to be run over by a coupe de ville . int . HOTEL flamingo suite - night duke fast -forward ... plays the tape ... voice on tape you find the american dream ? in this town ? duke on tape we be sit on the main nerve right now ... int . bazooko circus revolving merry-go-round bar - night duke and gonzo ( wear a single black glove ) talk conspiratorially to a 3rd man . a placid orangutan in a bow tie sit next to he . the bar be revolving faster than normal . duke be insanely talkative -- wired ! 98 . duke the manager tell I a story about the owner of this place ... about how he always want to run away and join the circus when he be a kid . well , now the bastard have he own circus , and a license to steal , too . 3rd man you be right -- he 's the model . duke absolutely ! pure Horatio alger ... say ... int . flamingo HOTEL suite - night duke play the tape . duke on tape ... how much do you think he would take for the ape ? duke fast - forward again -- search ... traffic noise . screech of brake . voice on tape Holy God !... a terrible grinding noise . ext . car rental agency - night rental agent Holy God ! , how do this happen ? duke they beat the shit out of it . rental agent the top 's completely jamme ! the car rental agent wrestle with the trash car . duke yeah , something 's wrong with the motor ... int . flamingo HOTEL suite - night duke on tape ... the generator light 's be on red ever since I drive the thing into Lake mead on a water test ... 99 . a huge splash ... the tape 's go too far . duke no , no . shit ... duke race the tape backward ... then , siren howl . duke on tape where 's the ape ? I be ready to write a check . int . bazooko circus bar - night duke be stand in the middle of a semi - destroyed bazooko circus revolving bar . mirror be break . people be recover from some kind of battle . the bar spin madly . duke be insanely wired . 3rd man forget it , he just attack a old man ... he take a bite out of the bartender 's head ! the cop take the ape away . duke goddamnit ! what 's the bail ? I want that ape ! I have already reserve two first - class seat on the plane . duke ( v/o ) there be every reason to believe that we have be head for trouble , that we would push we luck a bit far ... int . white whale on the street of las vega - night gonzo scream abuse out of the window at a Ford alongside the vomit streak white whale . duke make a superhuman effort to stay on the road . gonzo hey there ! you folk want to buy some heroin ? in the Ford : two couple -- middle - aged american face frozen in SHOCK -- stare straight ahead . gonzo lean out -- close to they . 100 . gonzo hey , honkie ! goddamnit , I be serious . I want to sell you some pure fuck smack ! no reaction . gonzo cheap heroin ! this be the real stuff ! you will not get hook . I just get back from Vietnam ! this be scag , folk . pure scag ! the light change . the Ford bolt . duke keep pace with they . gonzo shoot ! fuck ! scag! blood ! heroin ! rape ! cheap ! Communist ! jab it right in you fuck eyeball ! the man in the back seat suddenly lose control -- enraged , lunge against the glass , try to get at gonzo . man in car you dirty bastard ! pull over and I will kill you ! God damn you ! you bastard ! int . flamingo HOTEL suite - night back in the suite : the tape run : man in car on tape you dirty bastard ! a ugly squeal of brake . gonzo on tape shit , he be try to bite I ! I shoulda mace the fucker ! duke fast forward the tape . the tape mangle -- the sound ski to a halt ... duke grab the nearest tool -- use it to hook out the tape , then realize ... it's gonzo' razor -sharp folding knife ... a chilling moment ... duke turn the knife over ... there's a dried crimson spot on the blade ... or be it dried mashed potatoe ? 101 . read on to find out ! duke ( remember ) back door beauty ! duke ( v/o ) the mentality of Las Vegas be so grossly atavistic that a really massive crime often slip by unrecognize . duke scrap a little of the crust -- tastes it ... duke ( v/o cont 'd ) the possibility of physical and mental collapse be very real ... no sympathy for the devil ; keep that in mind . buy the ticket , take the ride ... he hear the sound of someone behind beaten up ... voice off shit! faggot ! bastard ! ext . NORTH STAR coffee lounge - night whack ! shadowy figure beat up a man -- give he a good kicking . brutal and ugly . duke ( v/o ) North Vegas be where you go when you have fuck up once too often on the Strip and when you be not even welcome in the cut-rate downtown place . pan to reveal a seedy diner -- the NORTH STAR cafe in the background . through the window -- duke and gonzo sit at the counter . int . NORTH STAR coffee lounge - night duke ( v/o ) the North Star coffee Lounge seem like a fairly safe haven from we storm . no hassle , no talk . just a place to rest and regroup . I be not even hungry . gonzo stuff a hamburger down paying no attention to the beat go on outside the window . Duke read a newspaper . 102 . duke ( v/o ) there be nothing in the atmosphere of the North Star to put I on my guard ... gonzo ( to waitress ) two glass of ice water with ice . the waitress bring the ice water . duke ( v/o ) she look like a burnt out caricature of Jane Russell . she be definitely in charge here ... gonzo gulp down he glass of water and hand she a napkin . duke ( v/o ) he do it very casually , but I know that we peace be about to be shattered . duke what be that ? gonzo shrug . the waitress stand at the end of the counter with she back to they while she ponder the napkin ... she turn . waitress what be this ? gonzo a napkin . the waitress slam the napkin down on the counter . waitress do not give I that bullshit ! I know what it mean ! you goddamn fat pimp bastard . gonzo that 's the name of a horse I use to own . what 's wrong with you ? waitress you sonofabitch ! I take a lot of shit in this place , but I sure as hell do not have to take it off a spic pimp ! 103 . gonzo goe very very still at this ... duke ( v/o ) Jesus . I think , what 's happen ? duke pick up the napkin . on it be print in careful red letter : " back door beauty ? " duke ( v/o cont 'd ) the question mark be emphasize . waitress ( scream ) pay you bill and get the hell out ! you want I to call the cop ? gonzo spic pimp ? gonzo 's hand go inside he shirt . he pull out the razor - sharp hunting knife . gonzo keep he eye on the waitress . he walk about six foot down the aisle and lift the receiver of the pay phone . he slice it off , then bring the receiver back to he stool and sit down . duke ( v/o ) I be stupid with shock -- not know whether to run or start laugh . gonzo ( casual ) how much be the lemon meringue pie ? duke ( v/o ) her eye be turgid with fear , but she brain be function on some basic motor survival level . waitress ( blurt -- on automatic ) thirty - five cent ! gonzo ( laugh ) I mean the whole pie . the waitress moan . gonzo place a $ 5 bill on the counter . gonzo let 's say five dollar . okay ? 104 . gonzo walk round the counter taking the pie out of the display case . duke ( v/o ) the sight of the blade have trigger bad memory . the glaze look in she eye say she throat have be cut . she be still in the grip of paralysis when we leave . duke be rooted to the spot . gonzo urge he out the door . the camera retreat with they . the waitress stand there -- petrified . alone in a lousy bar at night . int . flamingo HOTEL suite - night duke 's face as he stare at the knife -- remember ... gonzo ( v/o ) drive ! drive ! drive ! we have fifteen fuck minute to get I on that plane ! ext . road on outskirt of las vega - day the white whale , look like shit -- it 's top half up , torn , slapping in the wind -- roar through a intersection as the light turn red . dr . gonzo frantically paw over a map . duke drive -- silent and furious -- sick to he stomach with the psychotic gonzo . gonzo what be you do ? you be suppose to turn back there ! duke ( v/o ) we have abuse every rule that Vegas live by -- burn the local , abuse the tourist , terrifying the help . the only chance now , I feel , be the possibility that we would go to such excess that nobody in the position to bring the hammer down on we could possibility believe it . duke suddenly slam on the brake . 105 . gonzo Jesus Christ !!! there , crossing the road in front of they , be lucy -- she painting under she arm -- look lose . she look up with a vague sense of recognition ... duke throw the car into a skidding reverse turn and roar off . ext . desert road outside las vega - day the white whale tear down the deserted freeway . gonzo look wildly around . gonzo goddamnit ! we be lose ! what be we do out here on this godforsake road ? gonzo see that they 're running parallel with the airport runway . gonzo the airport be over there ! duke never miss a plane yet . duke hit the brake and wrench the wheel -- take the whale down into the grassy freeway divider . wheel churning , he make it up the opposite bank , nose of the car straight up , then bounce onto the freeway and keep go right over a fence , drag it through a cactus field and onto the runway . gonzo be frozen with fear -- gripping the dashboard . he throw a worried look at duke . duke I will drop you right next to the plane . they speed under a parked airplane , shout above the jet engine scream . gonzo no ! I can not get out ! they will crucify I . I will have to take the blame ! 106 . duke ( irritatedly ) ridiculous ! just say you be hitchhike to the airport and I pick you up . you never see I before . shit , this town be full of white cadillac convertible . I plan to go through there so fast that nobody will even glimpse the goddamn license plate . you ready ? gonzo why not ? but for Christ 's sake , just do it fast ! ext . at the airplane - day duke screech up in front of the desert AIR 727 . gonzo jump out -- head for the plane . duke watch he go -- relent . duke hey ! gonzo stop -- turn . duke do not take any guff from that swine . remember , if you have any trouble you can always send a telegram to the right people . gonzo yeah ... explain my position . some asshole write a poem about that once ... gonzo pause . gonzo probably good advice , if you have shit for brain . gonzo turn and race toward the step just as he be about to enter the plane he pause and look back ... smile ... and leans forward and vomit . duke ( v/o ) there he go -- one of God 's own prototype -- a high power mutant of some kind never even consider for mass production . too weird to live and too rare to die . 107 . duke watch for a second then roar away . pull back with the white shark -- leaving the airplane far behind . int . flamingo HOTEL suite / apocalypse - night on the tv a airplane soar through the sky . pull back to find duke barricade in gonzo' bedroom . he be type on he typewriter . duke we be all wire into a survival trip now . no more of the speed that fuel that 60' . that be the fatal flaw in Tim leary 's trip . he crash around America sell " consciousness expansion " without ever give a think to the grim meat-hook reality that be lie in wait for all the people who take he seriously ... duke record like a war correspondent . the camera slowly rise -- duke alone in the room with the tv spewing out image of war and civil unrest of the 9u' . duke all that pathetically eager acid freak who think they could buy peace and understand for three buck a hit . but they loss and failure be ours too . what leary take down with he be the central illusion of a whole life - style that he help create ... rising higher -- the wall of the room appear to by 20 to 30 feet high . duke seem to be at the bottom of a well ... the camera rise up through broken timber ... duke ... a generation of permanent cripple , fail seeker , who never understand the essential old - mystic fallacy of the acid Culture : the desperate assumption that somebody ... or at least some force -- be tend the light at the end of the tunnel . higher still -- duke alone in the room -- a isolated BOX surrounded by the twisted metal and rubble and smashed neon sign of the dead CITY -- a blasted landscape without light -- shard of a civilization . 108 . ext . desert highway - day a burning flare -out SUN . the camera pan down to duke drive the wrecked whale . a piece of the fence fly out of the back seat as he take a bump . duke ( v/o ) there be only one road back to L.A. US interstate 15 , just a flat - out high speed burn through Baker and barstow and berdoo , then on to the Hollywood freeway straight into frantic oblivion : safety , obscurity , just another freak in the freak Kingdom . duke see the hardware barn , a rustic old farm build face the road with a single gas pump outside and a neon sign that flash beer . duke ahhh. wonderful . duke pull off the road and park . get out and walk in . int . hardware barn - baker , california - day duke enter the dark , cluttered interior . scatter all about the store be bit of americana ... old barrel , wagon wheel , wooden yoke . a stuffed horse hang from the rafter . the sunlight shaft through high window . a old man be repair a iron pot-belly stove near the wooden bar . a norman rockwell painting ... only real . proprietor what will you have ? duke can not quite believe this place -- too good to be true . duke ( doubtfully ) ballantine ale ...? the proprietor serve the ale up ice cold . duke smile and relaxes . duke hard to find it serve like this anymore . as he drink , duke toy with a rack of key chain -- little american icons ... a remington cowboy , a bug bunny , a tweety pie , betty boop , a baseball player . the logo on the rack read : american dream key ring . 109 . proprietor where ya comin ' from , young man ? duke Las Vegas . proprietor a great town , that Vegas . I bet you have good luck there . you be the type . duke I know . I be a triple Scorpio . proprietor ( trustingly ) that 's a fine combination . you can not lose . a lovely girl appear . see duke , she smile . can this really be he lucky day ? she approach he ... and ... kiss the proprietor . duke ( catch off guard ... mutter ) oh , my God !... proprietor ( not understanding ) this be my granddaughter ... duke ( recover ) do not worry ... ( lean forward in confidence ) ... and I be actually the District Attorney from ignoto County . ( wink ) just another good american like yourself . a moment . the proprietor' smile disappear . wordlessly the proprietor and he granddaughter go to the back of the store -- get on with there work -- ignoring duke . who feel ashamed . duke put some money down on the bar and slowly leave . ext . hardware barn - day a chastened duke approach the vomit streak white whale . get in -- sit there -- deflate -- miserable ... 110 . a state bus draw up across from the hardware barn . somberly , duke watch as two young marine with duffel bag step off -- chat like true brother ... duke switch on the ignition . something roll off the tremble dash ... duke catch it ... one single beautiful amyl capsule ... duke crack the amyl -- inhales . the rush make he gasp -- teeth bare like a madman . duke holy shit !!! duke gun the engine with a laugh -- lean out -- yell at the marine . duke god' mercy on you swine ! duke roar away . a american flag fly up from the debris in the back seat , madly unfurling itself as it snag on the convertible - top frame of the trashed white whale ! aaaaaaaarrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrgggggggggghhhhhh !!!!!!!! the two marine look after he confuse . ext . desert highway duke drive fast -- teeth gritted in frozen ecstasy !! duke crank up the tape recorder . duke ( v/o ) my heart be fill with joy . I feel like a monster reincarnation of Horatio alger ... a man on the move ... and just sick enough to be totally confident . the white whale wipe the screen black . aaaaaaaarrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrgggggggggghhhhhh !!!!!!!! end