feast written by Patrick melton &amp ; Marcus dunston revise draft 5/3/2004 fade in : ext . desert -- day the white sun beat down on the rocky terrain . there 's not a cloud in the blue sky and the wind be at a standstill . Far in the distance , a medium size flat - bed truck make its way to the entrance of a large cavern open . two vulture perch on a barren tree watch the intruder . ext . desert -- day the truck screech to a dusty stop . Three man in match coverall and hard hat jump from the cab : chief ( 42 , stocky , weary ) , lanky ( 32 , withere ) and college boy ( 23 , clean cut and naive ) . Chief hold a map and glare into the howling black mouth before they . chief this be it . lanky why do it have to be this cave ... college boy be something wrong ? lanky ( to College Boy ) do not mind I , buddy . it 's nothin' . Chief grab a flashlight and move to the back of the truck . the logo on the rear gate read " wigwam waste management . " chief let 's get that first barrel . the gate drop revealing they full load of yellow barrel bear the familiar biohazard waste symbol . int . cavern -- moment later College Boy and lanky steer a cart load with the first barrel inside . Chief 's lone beam of light lead the man . college boy what 's with the awkward silence ? lanky you do not know ? College Boy shake he head " no " and they set the cart down . chief last winter , a man kidnap a little girl and hole up in one of this cave . the cop have he pin down and begin to move in . this guy start shoot ... but he be not aim at the officer ... ( get closer ) ...he be fire at something inside . College Boy be rapt . chief when the dust clear , all they find be the little girl 's shoe . ( beat ) with the foot still in them . something grab College Boy 's ankle , cause he to jump . college boy ahh !!! lanky 's on he knee , have grab he from behind . the two man mockingly laugh . College boy settles , embarrassed . college boy asshole . chief hey , relax , I nearly shit myself when my boss pull that one on I . lanky I go well beyond nearly . then , a sound . all eye turn . chief what be that ? college boy once be plenty , fella . chief shhhh ... as Chief move forward , pull out he pick -axe . instantly , the cave be illuminate by a white floodlight . a group of greenpeace hippie activist stand in the cave , chained together at the waist , startling the man into scream . mean GREEN ( 35 , crooked glass on a face that have launch a thousand crap ) bark into a mini bullhorn that hang around she neck . she charge towards Chief . mean GREEN stop it right there ! you will not rape mother nature one more day ! panicked , Chief drop he pick - axe and stumble back . chief whoa ! whoa ! whoa ! in unison , the hippie start chanting . hippie group mother nature be not a whore / do not dump in she any - more / mother nature be not a whore / do not dump in she any - more ... a beard cameraman with a huge key ring on he belt , film the whole event . the three man be stop in they track . chief take it easy ! we have a permit ! mean GREEN ( hand a document ) and we have a injunction from the State to prevent any dump in this cavern ! this be virgin land ! the aqueduct in this cave bring drink water to we family , and its piping provide drainage for we farm that enrich this barren land ! and it will not be taint by waste of any kind ! not now ! not ever ! Chief , shake , confirm the injunction and hand it back . chief Fine , just back off ! he snap he finger , motion to the barrel . chief let 's roll ... now-now-now ! back away , look to mean Green . chief how do you guy always know where we be go ? mean GREEN ( with a smirk ) I will tell ya next time ! now move it ! hastily , the man roll the barrel out of the cave . mean GREEN score one for the green team !!! the hippie let out a spirite cheer . one pull out a tambourine , drum the beat for kum bi ya . the rest join in the victorious chant as they watch the three man hop in they truck and peel away . beard cameraman hey , man , that be righteous , but I need a shot with the sign up . at the end of the human chain , a earthy woman , fuzzy , move to hang a greenpeace sign . mean Green stroke the cave wall . mean GREEN we save you today , ol ' gal . fuzzy hammer the sign in , but hit too hard , cause a breach in the rock wall . fuzzy oh , fuck ! mean GREEN sister , why do you always swing for the fence ? fuzzy ( eyeing breach ) it 's okay , but I ... I think I see something in there ... something shiny . fuzzy put she face up to the hole for a closer look . the rest of the hippie-chain move in closer . fuzzy oh my , it look like diamond ! chomp ! a set of giant , ravenous tooth bite into fuzzy 's skull . blood splatter on the hippie . bearded cameraman jump to pull fuzzy from the breach . fuzzy 's body be yanked into the hole . the group tumble forward . mean Green try to stop herself from slide , but can not . one by one , the hippie be be drag to they death . ripping , tear , and howling echoe off the wall . bearded cameraman stumble back . mean Green spot he . mean GREEN give I the key !!! bearded camerman just stare at she in shock . he 's miss both he arm . mean Green lunge and grab Chief 's drop pick -axe . she hammer at the chain around she waist . Foot by foot , she 's drag closer . at the last second , she break the chain , pop herself free . she spin , run for safety . a guttural howl behind she fill the cavern . mean Green sprint toward the cave open . she 's gonna make it . only a few more foot . and then ... jerk ! something grab she neck and yank she back into the darkness . the whiplash send she bloody bullhorn fly into the light . as it land , it let out one last weak honk ... CUT to black : superimposed : base on a true story the title shatter ... int . crashed car -- night p.o.v . - we frantically emerge from the burn wreck ... run from the crash over desolate prairie land ... ext . bar -- night neon light flash UNITED nation tavern . laugh and music emanate . besides the bar , there 's nothing around for mile . a 1985 , pristine black pontiac tran - be with a Golden Eagle on the hood pull up . the rear bumper sticker read " my other toy have tit . " a weasel - like man with a fat belly and tank - top emerge from the hot rod carry a velvet pool cue case . freeze on he . name : bozo age : 32 job : unemployed occupation : town jackass life expectancy : dead by dawn the rest of the parking lot be scattered with car and pickup truck . bozo lazily make he way to the bar and push through the front entrance -- int . bar -- continuous bozo pass a man dress in a cheap suit and stand well over six foot five with frazzle black hair and olive skin . talk with a thick Greek accent , he plead into a pay phone . coach ( into pay phone ) they take my laptop with my powerpoint presentation , my blackberry , my cell ... and to top it off , my car crap out on the side of the road ! I be not make the conference and I have fourteen lead wait for I . you gotta help I out here . I be not kid , I have have fourteen primo lead wait in the lobby of the mariott ... mariott ... freeze on he . name : coach age : 42 occupation : life coach &amp ; motivational speaker fun fact : often call the greek tony robbins life expectancy : stay far , far away click . the pay phone go dead . coach Son of a -- ( deep breath , soothing ) in with anger , out with love . further into the bar , a man in a wheelchair load a quarter into a old jukebox , but he be instantly push away by bozo . freeze on he . name : para age : 29 occupation : firework dealer comic book collection : ridiculously huge life expectancy : they wouldn't kill a cripple ... would they ? bozo 's tank - top read , " only cool chick can do I . " para ( roll away ) hey ... bozo shut up , fag . bozo punch in he selection . edgy cat ( 34 , samurai pony tail , do not you dare call he a alcoholic ) stand by the bar 's pool table powder he cue . edgy cat ( to bozo ) you be late ! bozo do not dilly - dally then . Rack them ! the CD spin and a 1980 heavy metal classic kick in . bozo , mouth the lyric , strut away . note : Music play over all the bar sequence . ext . prairie land -- night p.o.v . - we continue to run . rapid breathe . int . bar -- night beer guy ( kinda handsome ... just kinda ) set a keg of beer behind the bar . freeze on he . name : Beer guy age : 32 occupation : Beer guy / part -time host at red lobster life expectancy : wimp and dork be the first to go ... he's both he talk with bartender ( thinning hair , chisele face , big earring ) who prep a drink . Beer guy I mean , we would be together for so long and then ... bang ! she drop I . since then , it 's be like a damn country song : she 's go , the car 's repossess , and a father figure make a pass at I . I be not say I ever have it . but I have definitely lose it . ( beat ) now I haul this swill from armpit to armpit . I use to be a model for Christ 's sake . coach have be eavesdropp on beer guy and approach . coach for what , may I ask ? Beer guy jc penny . spring wear . beer guy then mimic throw a sport coat over he shoulder and deliver he " model " cheese smile . coach you know , chach , catch you at this low point be pure serendipity . Beer guy why be that ? coach because I take the rubble of man and build superstar . in my briefcase here be a doorway to a self - help sensation . give I a minute , because I would like to buy you a drink and change you life forever . I have a brochure -- bartender save it . we do not deal in pamphlet ' round here . we stick to chemistry . and he drink be on I . bartender put a shot in front of beer guy . behind he , a mount deer head be prominently display . freeze on he . name : bartender age : 50 occupation : bartender fun fact : shot 4 time , stabbed 6 time , bit by 1 squirrel life expectancy : ready to wear with coach stump , bartender turn to beer guy . bartender be that the last keg ? Beer guy yup , one keg of Beast for the basement , then the truck 's dry . bartender if you be stayin ' , move the truck , boss get piss about you use primo parking . beer guy downs he shot and hoist the lone keg into the wait keg elevator . Beer guy right , ' cause this joint 's hopping . he hit a button and the keg slowly lower to the basement . ext . prairie land -- night p.o.v . - we jump over a bush and crash in the dusty earth . int . bar -- night a glass of beer slide down the bar . a hand grab it and put it on a tray . the woman be pretty though haggard , stain apron and dirty blond hair . freeze on she . name : tuffy age : 25 occupation : career waitress fun fact : serve 100 hour of community service for illegal dumping of manure ... in ex- husband car life expectancy : badass -in - waiting tuffy carry the tray toward a table . she pass a tv mount on the wall . on tv : a newscaster , dress in a coat and tie , talk . newscaster ... the search for the miss protester will be further complicated by the unstable condition of this deep tunnel . thus far , no sign of life have be detect , yet town official be still optimistic . newscaster spin and a eclipse graphic appear on screen . newscaster on a brighter note , or should I say a darker note , tomorrow 's solar eclipse will bring out adult and child alike for a citywide fair of this metrological event . stay tune for we man on the street to take a closer look ... int . bar -- basement -- night beer guy pull the keg from the elevator and place it next to other keg . a faint conversation brews behind a curtain . boss man ( paunchy , sweaty , ugly ) and roadie ( English accent , light hair , leather skin , thin build ) talk shop . boss man ( o.s. ) listen , bud . I get a load ready to move and you man 's not here . roadie ( o.s. ) he 's come . relax . and if he do not show -- boss man ( o.s. ) we get a problem . ext . prairie land -- night p.o.v . - we be truck ... labor breathe ... int . bar -- night tuffy move to a table where adulterer ( bushy mustache , sweater vest , dress shirt ) sit with trampy ( designer glass , hair pull back , tight blue business suit , closet tramp ) . freeze on trampy . name : trampy age : 19 occupation : bank teller motto : the shorter the skirt , the higher the raise life expectancy : better than adulterer trampy he say there be no reason I have to stay a teller and that if I do good work and do not mess up , I could become a assistant manager within three year . ( pause ) can you believe that ? adulterer that sound great . freeze on he . name : adulterer age : 36 occupation : high school p.e. instructor nickname : dr . blumpkin genital : shave life expectancy : worse than trampy adulterer reach into he pocket to pay the tab , but he inadvertently pull out he hide wedding ring . trampy that sound like bullshit ! I could be a assistant manager at the Lake arrowhead casino for know the fuckin ' alphabet to G ! I will be twenty in three month ... the damn wedding band fall and bounce . as it roll , tuffy , trampy and adulterer watch . the ring stop , stand still on its side . trampy seethes as she choose which obscenity to deliver . adulterer slide a wad of cash to tuffy . adulterer just bring the whole bottle . ext . prairie land -- night p.o.v . - sprint and wheeze . the bar light be ahead . int . bar -- night tuffy walk back over to the bar add adulterer 's cash to a fat roll of money . belle ( stringy blond hair , cute face , brand - spanking new employee ) look up with surprise . freeze on she . name : belle age : 21 occupation : waitress goal : play belle in stage version of " beauty and the beast " life expectancy : same odd as playing belle in stage version of " beauty and the beast " belle if I could make that kind of money , I would be in Hollywood next week . boss man walk by and nod to tuffy , make he way to the rickety side -staircase to the second floor . tuffy grind she tooth and move to the staircase . tuffy ' round here , there be way . boss man wink at Belle . pure sleaze . freeze on he . name : boss man age : 47 occupation : bar owner motto : if there's grass in the field , play ball life expectancy : regular or extra-crispy ? ext . prairie land -- night p.o.v . - running , approach the distant bar ... int . bar -- night bozo look grimly at a pile of cash on the ledge of the pool table . edgy cat sink the eighth shot of a nine ball game . edgy cat that cash be gonna look much better in my pocket . bozo ( be : mount head ) ya know , that deer only look scared when you be in the room . para roll up behind edgy . para Excuse I , please . edgy cat Jesus ! edgy look to para , distract . bozo quickly replace the white cue ball with one hide in he waistline . ext . bar -- night p.o.v . - the bar 's a quarter mile away . int . bar -- night para 's chair back aim at the pool table pocket of which edgy cat be lining up for the win shot . edgy cat that 's all she write ... smack ! the nine ball sink in the pocket , the cue ball ricochet away as intend . para flip a switch under he wheelchair 's arm rest . the cue ball stray oddly into the pocket near para . scratch . edgy cat what ?! bozo ohhh , now that 's a rough one . edgy cat that 's motherfuckin ' impossible ! bozo ( crude Oriental accent ) yoh anga will be yoh downfah . go again ? edgy cat goddamn it ! no ! bozo oh , come on . crape diem ! bozo take the cash from the table . edgy cat sulk away cursing to himself and move to the bar . roadie look on , sip a beer . freeze on roadie . name : roadie age : 38 occupation : band roadie fun fact : toured with bon jovi ... slippery when wet era life expectancy : a few dog year ext . prairie land -- night p.o.v . - still run . the bar be get closer . int . bar -- night bozo hit the table of grandpa ( elderly , white hair , bushy white mustache ) and grandma ( curly white hair , glass ) . freeze on they . name : grandpa and grandma age : 88 and 86 occupation : retired fun fact : be together since the depression life expectancy : they don't buy GREEN bananas bozo wake up ! check you pants ! grandpa get outta here . bozo ( mock ) what 's that ? wha ' cha say ? huh ? ( to grandma ) how much for the whole night , grandma ? grandma you should be so lucky . grandpa ( be : he fist ) this one will stun ya , but this one will put ya to sleep . bozo whoa ! bozo approach old vet ( 52 , long hair with bandanna , dirty beard ) harley mom , ( 45 , bruiser , grizzle , tough as a saddle ) and drunk guy at the bar . the sad trio toss peanut shell into three nearby tall , fat peanut barrel . bozo you boy wanna try you luck at the loot ? harley mom be offended . not a word from the other . bozo come on , I will even throw with my leave hand . he turn in disappointment . bozo nothin ' but a bunch of butt and pussy in here ! ext . prairie land -- night p.o.v . - the bar be close -- we leap a ditch . int . bar -- night krash ! Belle drop a tray full of drink behind the bar . belle shit ! shit ! shit ! bartender do not sweat it , just clean it up before he 's do . he point up to the second floor . int . bar -- second floor -- night tuffy 's son cody ( 7 , innocent , cute ) sit on the floor watch tv . freeze on he . name : cody age : 7 occupation : tax break life expectancy : a wonderful , full life tuffy put headphone over he ear . tuffy keep this on , sweetheart . cody mommy , I want nemo . tuffy mommy 's work on it . tuffy kiss he and then move to a adjacent room . adjacent room tuffy enter the room and take off she blouse expose she breast . she pull up she skirt and bend over a bedpost . tuffy let 's get this over with . boss man walk up naked , except for red cowboy boot . boss man I love a woman with enthusiasm . int . bar -- night bozo walk to the middle of the room . bozo I get two hundred buck say none of you can beat I ! bartender hey ! get quiet or get out . bozo c'mon guy -- ext . bar -- night p.o.v . - hurtling toward the double door and -- int . bar -- night bozo gimme some action -- boom ! the double door to the bar be kick open by hero ( 30 , rugge alpha man build to kick ass ) . krash ! Belle drop a second tray of drink -- music cut out hero be scrape , bruise and bloody . he be dress in blue denim and hold a rust - red shotgun and gunny sack . he slam the double door shut and prop a chair against the handle , secure they . hero unless you people want to die you will do what I say and you will do it fast ! bartender cock he shotgun . bartender you hold it right there , mister . hero a storm of hell 's come down on this place any minute ! bartender Drop the canon ! hero put down the shotgun and move towards bartender . hero I be not armed now , just hear I out . bartender I will drop you and not even think about it ! hero let I explain ! bartender you get one second to -- hero reveal a drool - drip , white , grandpa beast head from the gunny sack and hold it out and for all to see . hero take a good look and listen to I ! there 's at least a four of this thing out there ! grandpa Beast 's head have large red eyeball and a mouth full of jag , ivory white tooth . it be like a albino jackal head with spike hair . hero I see one of they tear up five man like they be corn on the cob ! ( off silence , shock ) I do not know what they be . I do not know where they come from . all I do know be that this fucker be fast , nasty , and hungry . the bar stare at he , slack - jaw . hero and they can fly . not to mention they get claw like ginsu knife and more tooth than a chainsaw . the bartender lower he shotgun slightly . fast as a snake , hero grab it . he notice the engrave , " the judge . " hero they be like goddamn blood hungry biker tattoo come to life . they be clocking we . right now . and we have to lock this bar down ! ( move around ) that mean door , window , drain , and basement . we have to do it fast ! hero look out the lone front window . hero ( look to Belle ) you ! get on that phone . call the cop , National Guard , towny , whoever kick ass and get them out here . Belle move to a pay phone at the end of the bar . hero any question ? bartender who be you ? hero I be the hero -- crash ! a white Beast arm burst through the window and split hero right down the middle . the judge fire into the ceiling -- second floor the judge 's blast blow a toe off boss man 's right foot as he reach climax with tuffy . boss man hollers . MAIN bar hero 's right half be jerked outside through the window . blood spray . rapid chomping . crash ! the double door be kick open , splintering the propped up chair . heroine ( Native american , rugge , rip pants , wickedly hot ) rush in , slam the door shut and instinctively kick up the rust red shotgun . she flip it sideways and slide the metal weapon through the handle of the double door , secure they . bam ! a massive hit slam into the door from the outside send heroine sliding across the floor . she spring to she foot and drive she weight into a table attempt to hoist it over the now open window . heroine help I ! somebody ! Old vet and harley Mom rush to heroine 's aid . they raise the table to cover the gape hole . heroine look outside . heroine get down ! a beast nail the rise table , just miss heroine 's face . the table fall , pin heroine . junior beast enter . he 's small and too fast to see well . he swipe the head off Old vet and harley Mom . bartender grab the judge , but he 's scratched down the back . junior Beast rip out the pay phone . knock over the tv . yank out half of trampy 's hair . edgy cat charge the spastic monster with a stool . edgy cat I get you ! edgy cat miss . junior Beast send he flying into a wall . blam ! blam ! bartender fire the judge at the creature hit light instead . a errant shot destroy edgy cat 's face . para cover as junior Beast rip the back of he wheelchair . roadie whack junior Beast with a chair . stun , it fly across the room , landing in a metal ice cooler . bozo slam it close , capture junior Beast . bozo get ' cha ! ext . bar -- continuous shadows of three shrieking beast close in on the window ... int . bar -- continuous bartender run across the bar and slam shut the thick wood shutter . the beast hit , crack the middle . roadie power lift the table with heroine and brace it against the window for reinforcement , but a furry arm bust through and grab the other half of hero . heroine goddamn you ! blood start to spray from outside as the rest of hero be be devoure through the smallish hole . heroine work a gold ring off of hero 's ring finger . the feed momma beast be head break in through the hole . it grab heroine 's leave forearm . bartender aim the judge at the Beast ... roadie you will hit she ! roadie knock the judge up -- blam ! second floor the judge 's shotgun blast blow off another toe on boss man 's right foot . he cry out in agony . MAIN bar heroine spin and bury a splinter piece of the break chair into the attacking momma beast' right eye . the Beast screech and jerk back , drag the rest of hero outside . heroine clutches the ring . shriek and flap wing be hear outside . they dissipate . a moment of calm . Belle timidly hold the receiver of the bust pay phone . the other patron emerge from under table and other hide space in various state of shock . junior Beast have momentarily stop move . bozo secure the lid with a nearby padlock . bozo what the fuck be that ? Wild -ey and with a tremble hand , heroine pour herself a shot from the bar . she downs it and take a long breath . heroine the jungle have a new king . freeze on she . name : heroine age : 27 occupation : survivor life expectancy : hopefully longer than the last hero CUT to : Pan and scan over various newspaper heading with picture and newsreel footage that read : " edward , california 1940 : hiking club mauled by bear " " lockhart , california 1948 : brush FIRE demolish rural community , dozen missing " " hi - vista , california 1956 : university archeological dig buried in mine shaft collapse " " pearblossom , california 1964 : avalanche blame for missing horseback rider " " saltdale , california 1972 : mudslide claim local brownie troop earning courage badge " " garlock , california 1980 : elderly tour group washed away by flash flood " " caltil , california 1988 : sinkhole demolish a string of cabin , several family perish " " wilsona garden , california 1996 : gas leak explosion destroy hillside community " CUT to : int . bar -- night there be a holler at the top of the stair . everyone turn . boss man be it clear ?! bartender yeah . boss man be there a gun point at you ? bartender Nah , I get the gun . boss man hobble down the stair with the help of tuffy . his foot be a bloody mess . he be hold a .38 . boss man alright goddamn it ! who shot I !? who do it !? Belle and bartender move to he aid . boss man my goddamn foot be go ! who fuckin ' shot I ? who fuckin ' shot I !? bartender ( motion to heroine ) her fella . heroine my husband ... boss man well , where 's the sonuvabitch !? heroine he 's dead . boss man what ? ( notice destruction ) what the hell happen down here ?! boss man look to bozo . bozo I do not do it ! it be fuckin ' monster , asshole ! boss man Jesus Christ on the cross ... someone make sense . heroine easy . we be surround by something the like none of you have ever see before . some kind of animal . Real fast , volatile , predator . one go through three of you patron like nothing . boss man so , you dead hubby shot I twice , three of my customer have be eat , and there be angry creature outside ? heroine he only shot you once . boss man huh ? heroine ( be : bartender ) he shot you the other time . bartender it be a accident . sorry . boss man squint skeptically . adulterer point to grandpa beast' head on the bar . adulterer look at it ! boss man fan-fuckin-tastic . tuffy my god ... what be that ? heroine that 's one piece of four problem . boss man please elaborate . heroine that head over there , that 's the oldest of the bunch , look like the grandpa . we catch the little one , junior , in the cooler there . as we have see , what he lack in size he more than make up for in speed . bartender and the rest of them ? heroine unfortunately , the worst of them be still outside . note : as heroine describe each beast , we see a slight glimpse of they virtue , hide mainly by shadow and fog . heroine the next one be taller , but all out of proportion . like a " teen beast . " ext . prairie land -- night teen beast have a big head and awkward body . he clumsily move and seem uncomfortable in he own skin . heroine ( v.o. ) he be spastic , clumsy , but deadly just the same . int . bar front -- night heroine tend to she scratch arm . heroine I just take the eye out of the mother . she calculate , guide the attack . ext . prairie land -- night momma beast flash out from the dark . she 's short than Teen , but much wider . she have a big mouth and national geographic boobs that hang down to she waist . she cover she stab right eye and screech . int . bar -- night heroine tap she right eye . heroine if you be face to face with she , dive leave . roadie and the last one be the -- heroine Father . the biggest , the strongest ... ext . prairie land -- night a blur of muscle , bloody fur , and tooth . int . bar -- continuous the entire bar stare at heroine with they mouth agape . heroine no sign of any weakness . no sign at all . he 's a eat machine . coach of all the friggin ' bar to be stick in . heroine that 's not it . four be here , but there 's three other ... which I can not account for . heroine eye the room . heroine we need to lock this place down . be everyone in this room ? tuffy oh my god ! my son ! my son ! tuffy race toward the staircase to the second floor . heroine wait ! tuffy be halfway up the stair . tuffy cody ! mommy 's come ! mommy 's come ! heroine stop she ! bartender hey ! second floor tuffy burst through the door . cody sit by the tv , unmove . cody mommy -- tuffy pull cody into she arm . heroine and bartender halt to guard the doorway . heroine spot a SMALL portal window . tuffy oh sweetheart ! what be I think ? mommy be never gonna let you go ! heroine let 's lock off this room . tuffy ( move to exit ) never , ever , never . never , ever , never , baby . I love you -- smash ! papa Beast burst through the portal window and rip cody 's torso from tuffy 's grasp . tuffy hold he dangling arm . blood spray everywhere . tuffy noooooooo ! papa Beast lunge at tuffy ! bartender shoot , nail papa Beast . he hiss , but can not fit through the small window . bartender aim again for a kill shot , but papa Beast projectile vomit cody 's remain at bartender . papa Beast retract out the portal window . heroine slam the wood shutter close . tuffy drop cody 's arm . bug-ey . she move , zombie-like , to the staircase . bartender follow , cover in papa Beast 's bile . heroine lock the staircase door shut . heroine damn it . MAIN bar beer guy stare at the bile cover bartender . Beer guy oh god ... he hand he a towel . tuffy slowly walk towards the rest of the patron . the blood on she face and chest tell they what happen . the horror hit home . heroine eye the destroy phone . coach ( to tuffy ) be you -- heroine put a hand up to silence coach . heroine just let she be ... please . ( beat ) be that the only phone ? bartender emerge from the back hold a mess of plastic and wire . bartender the back phone be wreck , too . trampy 's eye light up and she dig through she purse . belle this be really happen . I can not believe this be really happen . grandpa and grandma have calmly re-taken they seat . grandpa what would you say ? grandma I do not say anything . bartender hesitantly toss a wash towel over the grandpa Beast head at the end of the bar . para be awkwardly try to fix the back of he wheelchair . Belle move over to help and see a mess of wire come from the wheelchair 's back rest . para thank you , but I do not need any help -- belle what 's this ? a power magnet or something ? para no . it 's nothing . Belle put together he scam with a smirk . belle I do not peg you for a con man . para hey , it pay more than the couch . belle lot of stuff around here do . trampy pull out a cellular phone from she purse . trampy here ! the group look over . adulterer grab it . trampy hey ! adulterer back off ! beer guy walk from behind the bar . Beer guy so , what now ? do that thing leave ? bozo why do not you go check it out ? Beer guy fuck no . adulterer ( into cell phone ) I have a signal ! I have -- Diane ? Diane listen to I ... get the kid and get in the basement ... do it right now ... trampy stare with grief in she eye . adulterer I will explain later . not now ! I be at a bar ... look ... shut up ! just shut up and get in the fucking basement , diane ! Diane ! Diane ?... hello ? damn it ! I lose the signal ! adulterer look at the phone a bit daze . adulterer okay . okay . look now , I gotta get outta here ! I gotta go ! my wife ... see my wife be alone ... she could be in trouble . I gotta go ! he move towards the front door . heroine move into he path . heroine I would not do that . adulterer , violently grab heroine to shove she away . adulterer fuck you , bitch ! heroine nail adulterer with three hit to the chin , throat and chest , flipping he to the floor . she pull a knife from she belt buckle and have it under adulterer 's chin . heroine you can risk you life , but not mine ! my daughter 's no more than twenty mile from here wait for I . I have just as much reason to leave this place as you do . but I also know that if they be here , then they be not there yet . adulterer squirm . heroine you understand I ? adulterer get the fuck off ... heroine you understand I !? adulterer yes ! heroine now pull that tough boy shit again and I will slice you from neck to nut ! adulterer nod obediently . heroine remove the knife from he neck and plant it back into she buckle . adulterer you can not keep I here . this be bullshit . fuckin ' bullshit . this be fuck bullshit ! heroine we can not risk let they in . adulterer ( tremble , piss ) right . adulterer take he seat . he look over at the half bald trampy . she look at he , hurt . at the bar , bozo put the tv back into place , he jiggle with some wire in the back , bring back the picture . bozo anything ? para yeah , you get it . the bar take notice . trampy , cell phone in hand , paw through a phone book as she watch the broadcast . belle see ! this have to be isolate . that 's a local broadcast . on tv : the newscaster read the teleprompter . newscaster and now , we head to we man on the scene with a live look at tomorrow 's event in Red Mountain . heroine eagerly look on , move closer to the tv . heroine my daughter 's in Red Mountain . on tv : there be a awkward pause from the newscaster . the broadcast do not cut to the reporter . newscaster can you hear we ? apparently we be have some technical difficulty ... heroine sink in she skin . heroine oh no . newscaster oh , there we go ! on tv : a reporter , in a even worse suit , stand in a field with several people look through telescope . reporter that 's right , the crowd be lining up early to witness tomorrow 's meteorological phenomenon . heroine sigh a gust of relief . reporter but always remember , do not look straight into the sun because a special filter be need to avoid damaging you cornea . the reporter beam . reporter and we be all look forward to it tomorrow . back to you . in the studio , the newscaster smirk . newscaster thank you . and in other news ... roadie point to the tv . roadie that studio 's local , we can call in . boss man I have a short wave radio upstairs . trampy be already dial on the cell . trampy I be call they ... it 's ringing ! roadie they would have a police scanner . trampy ( into cell ) hello ? yes , we be at the United -- on tv : the newscaster continue he routine . newscaster ... it have be report that the power outage -- a Beast arm reach in and tear off newscaster 's jaw . the bar gasp in horror as he blood spray . zap ! the broadcast cut out , turn to static . trampy scream and drop the cell , shatter on impact . trampy oh no ! oh fuck no ! heroine , tense , quell the rise panic . heroine keep it together ! I come from the east . that studio be south of here . for all we know , north and west be okay . roadie a associate of mine be come in from the north , be not hear a word from he in hour . heroine so , that leave the west . tuffy look up from a booth , clear she throat . tuffy and Red Mountain . you daughter . heroine look over , make eye contact . heroine right . Beer guy this be goddamn depress . at the door , heroine slide a thick metal pole through the double door handle and take out the rust Red shotgun . boss man I have get some tool and extra plank in the kitchen , if we be on the same page here . heroine let 's work . int . bar -- night the last board be hammer into place as the survivor back away from the now re-enforce bar . bartender we will it be not pretty ... boss man but its get tooth . bam-bam -bam ! junior Beast bang around in the ice cooler . bozo I think it 's hungry again . heroine we have to kill it . ( to boss man ) can you help ? boss man hobble over to the cooler and aim he .38 . junior Beast go wild , try to get out . boss man Fire in the hole ! bullet rip through the cooler . junior squeal . more shot . casing hit the ground . smoke rise . bozo lean in . bozo I think we get -- rah ! a tiny white arm fire out from the cooler grabbing bozo 's leg . bozo yelp . move quick , tuffy grab the judge from bartender and shove the barrel into a hole . blam ! gut splatter . bozo fall back unscathed . he catch he breath and look to tuffy . she be bear again , seethe . tuffy you be welcome . she hand the shotgun back to bartender . trampy Jesus , it take all that ? all that bullet ? how can we possibly fight off the other ? heroine aim for they orifice . eye , ear and mouth . from what I have see , it 's they only weakness . roadie ( look at the corpse ) look like they be soft on the inside like any other animal . trick be to get in there and do the damage . belle maybe we do not have to fight they . bozo right , let 's just call them name . coach step forward , poise to make the sale . coach lady and gentleman , if I may have you attention . the bar skeptically eye the large , sweaty Greek man . coach we have to think outside the box here . we do not need to fight they , we need to scare they . scare they right back . this be a species stand - off . we just need to show they we be not vulnerable . that we be formidable . adulterer how ? coach I need a stick . bartender open the cooler 's lid and carefully pull out junior Beast with salad tong . it fall to the floor with a splat . coach grab a splinter broomstick . coach stand back . he bury the broomstick into junior 's side and carry the limp carcass towards a cover hole in the wall . coach let 's get that board down . roadie pries off a board to reveal a pumpkin size hole . heroine what be you do ? coach shove junior 's mangle body through to the outside . coach show superiority . the scent of they dead may drive they away . the whole bar move to the side wall to see how the Beast family will react . they look through SMALL hole , barely able to see anything . Beer guy I do not see they . coach come on . come onnnnnn . belle be there a call , or something ? bozo see that you monkey fuck ! that 's what you get when you mess with we ! woman or man , I do not give a fuck ! shit do not make I gay because you will be suck my dick ! bozo 's insult hang in the air . para sweet ... p.o.v - through SMALL hole whoosh ! junior be swipe from the handmade pike . int . bar -- continuous coach jerk back . the startle group try to focus , but it 's too dark outside . with the moon as the only light , Father Beast can barely be make out cradling he dead child . silhouettes of the other family member slowly approach junior . papa Beast be gentle and it 's almost endear . Beer guy it 's work . I think it 's work . coach you see ? what I tell you ? the whole group start to ease . then ... papa Beast hollers . p.o.v . - through SMALL hole papa Beast let out a horrid wail . the group jump back , cover they ear . then , something really odd happen . momma toss junior in the air , open she wide jaw and swallows he whole . int . bar -- continuous adulterer 's eye widen . adulterer good christ ! they be cannibal ! coach oh dear ... p.o.v . - through SMALL hole papa Beast move behind momma Beast and grab hold of she . int . bar -- continuous a steady " thud-thud - thud " rhythm vibrate the bar . grandpa 's drink start to hop to edge of he table with the beat . the group maneuver to get a better look . trampy oh ... my ... god . para what be they do now ? p.o.v . - through SMALL hole yes , momma Beast and papa Beast be have monster sex . int . bar -- continuous bozo dude , they be humpin ' ! p.o.v . - through SMALL hole unlike human , papa Beast finish and the birth cycle last all of thirty second . momma Beast 's belly balloon up and she squat . pop ! a slimy object the size and shape of a vacuum cleaner drop from she . int . bar -- continuous trampy vomit . p.o.v . - through SMALL hole the slimy object split in half . the two halve spring appendage and raise they head . the twin sister beast have be bear . papa move forward and clean off he new baby girl . the Beast Girls look at the bar and hiss in unison . int . bar -- continuous heroine 's eye bulge . heroine get back ! slam-slam ! the two hiss Beast Girls strike the bar front . roadie shove that board back over the hole . beer guy be hold back the still heaving trampy 's hair . bozo any more idea , Animal Planet ? coach I - i- I be just be proactive ... Beer guy ( to bozo ) hey , you be not helpin ' ! bozo go douche . bartender what the hell now ? adulterer we be stick in here . that 's what . bozo pop open a beer off the back of para 's wheelchair . roadie nod to grandpapa Beast 's head on the end of the bar . roadie hey , miss ? heroine turn . roadie if you do not mind I ask , how do you run into this thing ? boss man more importantly , how do you run away from this thing ? heroine well , it all start about forty hour ago ... dissolve to : ext . prairie land -- evening the orange sun melt into the horizon . int . farmhouse -- continuous hero and he overweight friend tubb ( 35 , hard live career farm hand ) laugh at a tv show while heroine pace on the telephone in the background . heroine ( into phone ) so , how be stay with grandma work out ? ya know , if you stare into she glass , you can see what card she be hold . but I do not tell you that . ext . prairie land -- continuous there 's a home on the horizon with a big barn next to it . shriek and flap grow in the distance . int . farmhouse -- continuous heroine start to peek out of the window . heroine mommy will pick you up tomorrow night , okay baby ? the phone cut out . heroine hello ? Charlie ? heroine and hero look at each other with concern . hero look out the window . hero Holy mother of ... int . bar -- night heroine have the group mesmerize . heroine we barricade ourselves in the cellar . then it be just listen . we hear that thing destroy a entire hear of livestock . they just keep come . closer and closer , consume anything in the way . slash , feed and lick the bone clean . just when we say we prayer , the first ray of sun hit the house ... ext . farmhouse -- morning plop ! a horse's head fall as heroine and she companion peek out from the damage cellar door . int . bar -- night heroine that first beam of sunlight drive them away . somewhere . we call who we could and then decide to run for it . we do not see a soul the whole drive out . when the tank go dry , we come upon a gas station to refill . ext . prairie land -- late day the sun be fall into the horizon . the traveler 's camaro pull into a small gas station ext . gas station -- continuous heroine go up to the service window with tubb and look inside . nobody . there be a slight buz from inside . hero holler from the fuel pump by the car . hero what 's goin ' on ? the pump be off . tubb there 's nobody here -- she follow the buzzing sound to a corner of the room . there be a swarm of black fly crawl over half a station attendant be gut torso . heroine they have be here ! hero turn on the pump ! Glass shatter as heroine reach inside to turn on the pump . int . bar -- night heroine we have no time . all we know be the sun be drop and we have to get enough fuel to make it through the night at 90 mile per hour ... ext . gas station -- late day hero fill they camaro . hero suck it down you metal bitch . suck it down . int . gas station -- continuous heroine and tubb hastily grab food and drink , ignore the cash register completely . the sun be set . ext . gas station -- continuous hero turn as a shrill hissing come from the shadow ... int . bar -- night heroine it happen fast ... ext . gas station -- late day heroine and tubb emerge from the gas station shop . hero move it ! heroine and tubb hear the grow cry of the beast . they loot hit the pavement as they run . hero get in the car , baby . hero drop the spilling gas nozzle . tubb slide into the back as heroine jump into the driver 's seat . hero run over the top of the camaro and slide into the sunroof . he grab a rifle and aim toward the leak gas pool . something rise in the gas station . int . bar -- night heroine that 's when I see three other ... just for a second . ext . gas station -- sunset Three lean , muscular shape rise from the shadow . hero Roll ! heroine fire up the car and tear out . hero shoot and the station become a fireball . int . camaro -- continuous heroine Close the roof ! hero lower into the back seat and start to close the roof as stripped cousin beast land on top of the car ... hero shit ! stripped cousin Beast punch through the back window , reach for they . heroine jerk the wheel . the car 180' and the Beast sail off of the car into darkness . the camaro tear down a tangent dirt road . hero we make it ! hero reach back to give a " five " to tubb . tubb do not respond . heroine be the first to see tubb ' quivering , headless body in the back seat . int . bar -- night heroine stand near grandpa Beast 's head . heroine it must have smell the blood or something . we bury the body and get back on the main road when ... int . camaro -- night boom ! grandpa Beast land on the front hood of the camaro . heroine and hero scream and rev the engine , swerving madly as grandpa Beast vomit on the windshield . hero break ! heroine slam on the break . grandpa Beast slide back , hold onto the grill . hero go! go! go! grandpa Beast tear into the engine through the grill as spark and smoke shoot out . heroine jerk the steering wheel . hero look out ! int . bar -- night heroine and that 's how I end up here . bartender and the head ? int . camaro -- night the car crash into a ditch , decapitating grandpa Beast . his head fire through the windshield , landing on heroine 's lap . its snake- like tongue lash out at heroine 's crotch . int . bar -- night heroine I do not want to talk about that . bartender so , you husband ditch you ? heroine no . it be wild out there . no time to think . we just move . he do not leave I . he just run . bartender well , justice be funny . para wheel over to a county map on the side wall . roadie the three from the gas pump be over at the tv station ? and you say there 's four here , huh ? heroine it appear so . coach there 's five here now , actually . bozo yeah , thanks for that . para ( to heroine ) hey , you live on a farm , right ? heroine yeah . adulterer do you think they be go ? I have not hear anything for a while , maybe they be go . belle well , maybe they migrate ? heroine as long as it 's dark , they be around . they hide , wait for you to drop you guard , and then attack . trampy how can you be so sure ? you say yourself this start a day ago . heroine we learn fast . bozo we ? we learn fast ? you be all that be leave of we . no offense Pocohantas , but I think someone else should play " Chief " tonight . someone that know the lay of the land . ( beat ) like I . heroine Fine . para stare intently at the map . adulterer move over to the window that have shutter over it , peek through a hole . adulterer maybe this thing be like locust or something and only come out for a few day to feed . this could just be a part of they life cycle . belle somebody 's gotta know something about this thing . this stuff just do not happen out of the blue . the room be silent . bozo look around , quickly move towards grandpa and grandma . bozo you ! grandpa wha ? bozo you gotta know something ' , you be old . grandpa I do not know a thing . bozo Old people know stuff like this . legends , tall tale , shit like that . grandpa no ! bozo spill it ! grandpa I do not know anything ! bozo ( to grandma ) how ' bout you ? or do I have to get rough ? grandma heavens no ! bozo come on ! think back ! grandpa if I throw a stick , will you go away ? bozo that 's just horse shit . heroine relax , they do not know anything . bozo yeah ... allegedly . bozo saunter off . para ( to heroine ) hey , where be you farm ? heroine ( point to map ) East . why ? para do you ever slaughter ? slaughter livestock ? heroine previous owner do , I think . coach what be you talk about ? para slaughterhouse run-off use to be drain into piping that run through the mountain . para point along the map as he explain . para earthquake often crack the piping and that flow line be condemn , but never drain . coach cheese and rice ... trampy I still do not get it . para what I be say be ... there 's a distinct possibility that what we be up against be the result of steady stream of blood and tissue that have be leak into the cave . and a day ago ... something break out . the group be silent . bozo the first order of business be gettin ' a big fuckin ' tampon in that cave ! para nope , that would not do it . from adulterer be p.o.v . - he peek out the hole and see nothing but the dark night . bartender eye he . bartender I would not do that . bozo they be probably on to the next buffet by now . there 's a retirement home up the road , they would be easy picking . heroine ( to adulterer ) careful . adulterer I be tell you , I do not see a thing -- boink ! papa Beast 's claw poke into he eye . adulterer jerk away hold he blood squirting eye socket . from outside p.o.v . - the eye see its owner stumble back and fall to the floor hold he face . inside coach and trampy move to help adulterer . from outside the eyeball fire into papa 's drool mega-mouth . slurp ! inside bash ! a Beast arm burst through the side wall and snag coach 's pants and boxer . he scream and lunge forward . he be bottomless . heroine everyone stay in the middle of the room ! off the wall ! now ! everyone obey she command to get in the middle of the room . Belle hand coach a little menu to cover himself with . heroine now , do everyone agree that they be still out there ? the group nod . heroine ( to bozo ) ' eh , Chief ? bozo ... duh . trampy hold adulterer 's wounded head . trampy he 's out cold . belle I know some first aid if we have a kit . do we ? boss man in the kitchen , under the sink . heroine no one go anywhere alone . least of all , unarm . tuffy ( to coach ) there 's some sweat in my bag behind the bar . coach thanks . coach head to the bar . roadie move to the map near para . roadie you be a clever man . ( be : bozo ) why do you take shit from he ? para yeah , he 's a ass , but he 's my brother . que sera-sera . roadie you brother , huh ? para yep . roadie same parent ? para look man , I read book . he read bumper sticker . roadie nod . heroine jerk a bottle of booze from beer guy and toss it out . heroine alright , we need to stay alert and for everyone to take a role . ( to boss man ) you gotta have some gun or weapon around here . boss man , pale and morphine pump , sit at a table with he foot raise . boss man I get my .38 here . that 's six shot and two refill . downstair , I have locker with a saw - off and some gardening tool . maybe a few box of shell . bartender I get shell , too . box and a half top . machete behind the bar . heroine okay , well that 's something . roadie so we have get gun , kitchen knife , pipe , fire and stick . beer guy scan the stock bar wall . Beer guy I might be able to do something with the bottle . grandpa you be gonna need a whole lot more than that to get outta here alive . the crowd turn to face grandpa and he wife . bozo oh , now you have something to say ? grandpa hold on to grandma 's hand as he speak . grandpa you young 'un worry about weapon , I be thinkin ' ' bout strategy . bozo oh ? and what 's that ? grandpa sit still , look less like a meal . bozo that 's for bear and shark , chunky chew . the group look back to heroine . heroine alright , what else do we have ? can we somehow contact the outside world ? trampy pensively stay on she fracture phone . trampy I can not get anybody . I do not even know if I have a signal anymore . Beer guy I have a cb in my truck , we could get some help out here . bartender who the hell would you call ? Beer guy anyone . bozo do you drive a short beer bus or something ? you go out there , you get eat . you stay in here , you get eat . anyone come to help , they get eat . do not you see a pattern here , spud makenzie ? Beer guy then I guess we should just give up . bozo ( be : trampy ) believe I , I would love to save the day and get some heroic snatch , but it 's not in the card , partner . heroine ( to boss man ) you say you have a short wave radio . trampy where ? bartender upstair . boss man go for it . it 's by the far wall . Channel 9 be the emergency frequency . heroine good . I be head to the basement for supplies . ( to bozo ) and you be go upstairs . bozo blink . a little take aback . bozo let 's not get carry away ... heroine step up , Chief . bozo so that 's how it be ? ( hand out ) Fine ! shotgun , please . bartender hand he the judge . bozo ( to bartender ) you be come with , portly . ' Cause if I be attack , I want a fat man close by . bartender I will wait by the door . bozo now who else be comin' ? no one budge . grandpa ( rise from he seat ) I will go with ya . bozo what be you gonna do ? throw you tooth at them ? sit down , cocoon . bartender move to the back of the bar , grab he machete . at the same moment , coach emerge from behind the bar in very snug , feminine - look pink sweat pants . bozo you ! Zorba ! you be come too ! ( to heroine ) now gimme the key . heroine toss the key to bartender . heroine no . you be lock in . bozo what ? heroine that two will be on the other side wait for you . if you become food , I do not want the only set of key in the belly of one of that thing . bozo do not get you hope up . bozo move to the staircase . there 's blood at the bottom and it get worse with each step . bartender and coach follow . heroine turn to the bar . heroine any volunteer to head into the basement with I ? tuffy I will . tuffy stand , sniffle . she wipe the tear from she eye , look tough and resolute . Beer guy that 's not a good idea . boss man with what happen upstairs -- tuffy shut up ! shut you mouth . you have no idea what be run through I right now . no idea. ( to heroine ) I be ready . heroine alright . roadie Count I in . Beer guy I too . heroine , tuffy , roadie , and beer guy all move to the basement . the door creak open slowly . the group descend . outside the door bozo slightly slip on the blood . he grip the railing and pull himself up the staircase like a old man . bozo alright you two , I do not want to hear any of this , " oh , I drop the key , wrong key , be not no key here . " when I want out , I want out , ok ? bartender ( display key ) they be right here . coach we have get you back , bro . they unlock the door , swinging it open . bozo just keep them handy , lady . bartender have the key in the thick dead bolt , ready to move . second floor bozo hustle in . the door shut and lock . bozo wish I luck ... wham ! bozo be on the ground . outside the door bozo ( o.s. ) I be okay ! I be okay ! second floor bozo rise and nervously survey the damage floor . bozo come on . come on . come on . bozo jump when he see the gore and the bloody shoe from cody 's attack . the tv illuminate the room . bozo geeezzzus . ( move gingerly ) okay , now . easy step . easy breath . easy step . MAIN bar Belle kneel next to the boss man . belle how be you hold up ? boss man well ... he pull a bottle out of he pocket and hand it to she . belle what be this ? boss man morphine . my magic potion . I need a few drop . she put a few drop on he out - stretch tongue . boss man you should try a little , it will calm you nerve . Works like a charm . belle no other time than now , right ? boss man wait , before you do that , help I move . there 's a small room off the kitchen where I can lay down . belle but -- boss man it 's much safer in there . trust I . basement the basement be dark , dingy and scattered with crap . dried out animal carcass hang from the ceiling on hook . a window be open . roadie slam it shut , eyeing the room , stare into the dark corner . roadie stay on you toe everybody . tuffy tightly grip she weapon , ready to fire . heroine kneel next to a hatch door that emit a red glow . heroine what 's this ? roadie jam a pipe into the little door , brace it shut . roadie you do not need to know what that be . beer guy find the dusty locker and open it . Beer guy there 's a saw - off shotgun in here . outside the door bartender and coach have they ear press to the door . coach come on , bro . behind they , through a board window , something crawl upward . second floor bozo move turtle slow . bozo lamaze . lamaze . lamaze . he move to the boss man 's private room . he put he hand out to open it . tremble , he touch the knob and ... creeeeeeeeak ! the door ease open . bozo step inside the room . he move over to a lamp and pull the chain . a bat fly off the lamp shade screeching . bozo fall backwards . bozo haaaa ! outside the door bartender and coach jump back . second floor bozo get off the floor again . he may have fill he pants . bozo just a bat ! I be okay ! just a bat ! outside the door bartender if he do not shut up ... coach he be human kabob . SMALL room off kitchen the room be like a convert pantry . boss man lie on a cot , kissing Belle . a tiny wall fan spin provide ventilation . Belle pull away and brushes back she long hair . belle do not you foot hurt ? boss man I can not feel a thing , hon . belle ( touch he crotch ) how ' bout now ? boss man you be a bad girl , be not you . Belle , a bit high , sway and start to remove she clothes . belle um-hmmm . boss man the girl 's get rhythm . she take off she blouse and toss it at he . she then lift up she skirt and bend over , giggle . boss man there it be . basement roadie emerge with two crate . he dump they on the floor . roadie this be all junk . beer guy hold a rusted machete . Beer guy this could come in handy . heroine let 's get everything upstairs . heroine move to the stair , but stop . she grab tuffy by the arm and take she aside . heroine I be sorry . tuffy do not worry , I be fine . really . heroine I admire you strength . tuffy trust I , I plan on have a full breakdown when this be over , but for now , we all have to be strong , right ? heroine reach into she shirt and pull out a identical locket as tuffy 's . she open it and display a picture of a little girl . heroine this be my daughter , Charlie . she 's all I be after . tuffy ( fight back tear ) oh ... heroine and I be gonna need you strength , every bit of it . tuffy you have it . heroine good . but still do I a favor . tuffy name it . heroine ( with a wink ) do not tell anyone I have a soft side . tuffy ( tiny smile ) deal . second floor bozo turn and point the gun around the room . he see the cb . it be like a intercom with a cable run outside . he drop the shotgun and fidget with the cb knob . bozo hello ? anyone there ? we need help out here at the United Nations tavern . send gun , tank , and all that shit . 10 - 4 . s.o.s . all he get be static . a faint growl be hear outside . outside the door bartender hear the growl , he eye grow wide . SMALL room off kitchen Belle rub she hand over she round ass and flick she tongue at boss man . belle you wanna see , baby ? boss man Hell yeah . belle how much you get ? boss man how much I get , what ? belle how much you get to see the show ? boss man you do not understand , sweety . daddy do not pay . daddy see the show for free . but you do get point for be horny on a night like this . she cringe and back up a little . belle what ? boss man you can not expect a man to buy a car without a test drive first , can you ? belle um , hmm -- boss man now wiggle that sweet little ass over here and sit on daddy 's face , I wanna do some appraise . second floor bozo bark into the cb . bozo repeat . we need help . sos . Calling all car ! Calling all car ! we need help at the United Nations tav -- the cb be jerked from bozo 's hand and slam into the wall . bozo shit ! bozo aim the gun at the wall . chew sound begin . bozo double shit ! he back up to the door . outside the door bozo ( o.s. ) okay , I be ready to come out now ! bartender confidently turn the key . click ! it break off in the lock . bartender oh ! second floor bozo " oh !? " what be " oh ? " what do " oh " mean ? bozo knock on the door hard . bozo hey ! OPEN it !!! outside the door bartender look to coach . bartender wha ? second floor bozo OPEN the door !!! a thunderous crash ! board fly off the wall . SMALL room off kitchen Belle , hearing the crash , jerk back from boss man . belle what be that ? crash ! sister Beast # 1 and sister Beast # 2 punch through the tiny wall fan and grab Belle by the scalp . she be jerked against the wall . she 's slam against it repeatedly and then -- rip ! Belle 's skin be torn from she head and torso . boss man jump back . boss man hoh -shit ! help !! help I !!! Belle fall into boss man 's arm for a hideous kiss . boss man no ! no ! no ! boss man shove the bloody Belle back against the wall . sister Beast # 1 poke she head inside the room , hiss . MAIN bar heroine and the other , just return from the basement , hear the mayhem from upstairs and the kitchen . outside the door coach fumble desperately with the jamme lock , try to use he fingernails to turn the metal stump . coach great god , why do you damn I ?! second floor bozo bang on the door and look over he shoulder at the momma and papa Beast chomping at the wall . bozo get I outta here !!! MAIN bar the group be mesmerize . para oh please , no . SMALL room off kitchen boss man use the cot to block the sister beast from enter . they hiss and shred the cot fabric . boss man they be get in ! somebody help ! second floor bozo kick and punch the door . bozo help !!! goddamn it !!! MAIN bar heroine charge up the staircase . roadie rip the saw - off weapon from beer guy and run for the kitchen . outside the door bartender the key break off ! heroine ( to coach ) move it ! heroine rip the earring from bartender 's ear . he yelp . she jam the back into the lock . SMALL room off kitchen boss man crawl for the door . sister Beast # 1 fire out a whip - like tongue and snag boss man 's damage foot . he howl in pain . sister Beast # 2 tongue -lasso 's he other foot . outside the door heroine 's pick finger be bleed from she effort . bozo ( o.s. ) help I please !!! SMALL room off kitchen boss man be pull towards the sister beast . boss man helllllp !!! roadie kick open the door and fire at the sister . they dive back out of the room screeching . second floor bozo hellllllllp !!! right behind bozo , the board fly off the portal window . papa Beast fly at bozo . bozo spin and aimlessly fire he shotgun , hit papa Beast directly in the groin . the door fly open . bozo be yanked to safety just as papa strike the close door . MAIN bar the patron track the wild crashing and high - pitched shrieking sound of papa Beast . he finally break out of the upstairs . beer guy and roadie carry boss man into the room as coach , bartender , heroine and the shake bozo creep down the stair . bozo slowly take a seat in he brother 's lap . para I think that be it for a second there . trampy what happen ? bozo I get papa in the stone . ( beat ) he 's neuter . para whoa ... good one ... roadie that back room be seal shut . heroine glare at boss man . heroine I tell you to stay in the main room . boss man yeah ... I will . I will . promise . coach eye the group , this be he time to shine . coach ( rise , full of brawn ) if they can not reproduce anymore -- we be one step closer ! a big step ! now be the time to band together . we need to rise up against this monster of the night ! that creature be no match for the human spirit ! we can do it ! we just need to believe in each other ! in all of we ! we need to make a stand ! right here ! right now ! Long silence . bozo stare . bozo dude , be you gay ? coach sit down , humble . heroine we know what not to do . we must stay focus and together . the beast will find a breach . we gotta find a way out before they find a way in . tuffy let 's run for the car , cause mass confusion . bartender the lot 's too damn far , that 's surefire suicide . the room be silent . bartender motion to boss man , but he be promptly shushed by boss man . heroine notice . heroine ( to boss man ) what ? boss man what ? heroine you know what . boss man I do not know shit . heroine ( to roadie ) you . what be that door downstairs ? boss man wait , wait , wait . heroine glare at roadie . heroine do not bullshit I . bartender it 's a tunnel . roadie nod , cause boss man to sigh . bartender it run about a hundred yard and spit out on the backside of that hill down the way . heroine what 's it for ? they clam up . heroine what 's it for !? boss man grass , man . I grow pot down there . heroine do the tunnel spit out near a car ? boss man it spit out behind the parking lot . boss man my truck be near , but it be not nearly big enough to haul the whole lot . heroine it 's a shot . be it gass up ? boss man fully . heroine four door ? boss man two . heroine how many can it hold ? boss man six . heroine Max ? boss man Seven . heroine it 's gonna fit thirteen . boss man thirteen clown would not fit . heroine ( with hand out ) key . roadie what be you plan ? heroine Three of we go . two to defend , one to drive . we back up to the bar and then tear ass out of here . boss man sound sketchy . heroine let I make this clear ; if we stay , we die . boss man reluctantly pull out some key that be on a string around he neck . roadie give them to I , I be go . bartender you be trust that con ? he will ditch we and never look back . roadie fuck you too . bartender get in line ! heroine hey ! I be not trust he either , that 's why I be go with . coach stand forward . coach " courage be be scared to death , but saddle up anyway . " ( off blank stare ) the Duke . I will go . heroine this be it . they have this place surround , but if we go under they we might just make it . bartender this be a bottleneck wait to happen . smack ! bozo slap coach 's ass . bozo this one 's great under pressure . I wish you luck . heroine the rest of you prepare the weapon , whatever you get leave . ' Cause when we crash through that wall , we be bringin ' death with we . heroine take the judge from bartender and hand it to coach . coach no , I do not believe in gun . bartender this be not time for a political stance . coach take the rusty machete from beer guy . coach this do not run out of ammo . bartender get ya . heroine , roadie , and coach move to the basement . bozo hey ! the three look to bozo , who offer a parting nod . bozo when you get to that truck ... drive it like you steal it . int . bar -- continuous at a booth , trampy re-bandage adulterer 's eye . trampy how do it feel ? adulterer lousy . trampy you still have one leave . adulterer yes , the silver lining . trampy it serve you right for cheating . adulterer spare I . trampy I figure it 's karma . you wronge I and you wronge you wife , so this be karma bite you on the ass , or in you case ... in the eye . bozo move close , surveying the bandage work . bozo oh yeah ? trampy it could be worse , you could be dead . then again , the climax be upon we . bozo ( be : trampy 's hair ) ya know , that 's not a bad look on you . kinda 1985 , but not bad . I would hook it up . trampy I would not fuck you for practice . bozo tease . adulterer leave she alone . bozo hey , cyclops . let 's have a quiet contest ... start now . bozo turn he attention back to trampy . bozo ya know , in situation of duress , I have find that woman be attract to my authority . int . bar -- basement -- continuous heroine , roadie , and coach make they way through the basement . creek and crack with every step . roadie ( to heroine ) you handle yourself pretty well . you a cop or a criminal ? heroine neither . just a farmer . roadie oh yeah ? then how do you do it ? heroine I just think about my husband and daughter ... and the rest be easy . the light cast a shadow of something behind the curtain . roadie move to open the curtain with he saw - off barrel . heroine easy . whip ! the curtain slide . it 's a dry animal hide on a hook . they all sigh . roadie unblock the tiny door . heroine scan the room . roadie this place be creepy in the daytime , too . ready ? coach 's hand shake as he raise he weapon . roadie scare ? coach no. you ? roadie of course not . I fight monster all the time . ( grip the door ) on three . roadie , heroine raise they weapon . coach one ... two ... three !!! roadie whip open the door . nothing . bang -gong -gong ! some pipe crash to the ground next to they ... they jump , but nothing be there . a little mouse emerge from the fall heap . coach well , look at that . coach lean down and put out he hand . he smile as heroine watch over he shoulder . coach hey , little fella . heroine let 's go . he leave the mouse and follow heroine to the tunnel . slurp ! a pink tongue lassos the mouse . a red fluorescent glow radiate from the tunnel . they all drop in , one by one , enter the steamy , confine space . coach look like a brothel for plant . roadie shhhhhhhhhhhhh . int . bar -- night tuffy stand by a far wall , look through the plank for movement . at the bar , beer guy make molotov cocktail . bozo move close , slap beer guy 's construct hand . bozo ah-ah - ah ! you be do that all wrong ! Beer guy what do you know ? bozo I know you be do it wrong . Beer guy prove it . bozo grab a cloth rag and move to the alcohol bottle . bozo move aside , princess . int . tunnel -- night the tunnel be thin and no more than six feet high . cherry red fluorescent light line the top of the tunnel and kneehigh marijuana plant be along the ground soil . there be thick pipe above the plant that work as a makeshift water system . there be about six inch of water on the floor . coach ( to roadie ) you and I be similar . we both have accent . we both travel a lot . we both do not really have home ... roadie you should be quiet . coach I be sorry , I ramble when I be nervous . heroine quiet . coach bite he lip , die to say something . coach it 's just that this seem like the opportune time for someone to be horribly ... offed . roadie what do I say ? coach sorry . I be do now . int . bar -- night bozo stuff the cloth rag into one of the bottle . bozo you do not want the rag touch booze , that way you can hold it and ensure it explode when you throw it . para you sure ? I think the rag have to touch ? bozo I be sure . bozo finish the molotov cocktail and grab a beer . bozo perfecto . what we should do , though , be put that peanut barrel to use . fill them with booze and line up some plank . if the wall come down ... we hit them donkey Kong style . para and beer guy eye the three large peanut barrel , perfect for bomb-make . para genius . Beer guy you be not nearly as dumb as you look , be you ? bozo next time , look within . stereotyp can be ugly and hurtful . bozo look to trampy , put a arm around she shoulder . bozo Excuse I for be forward , but I be curious about you dimension . int . tunnel -- night roadie lead the way and glare at the opposite end . the tunnel slightly curve , so he can not see the whole way down . roadie hold up . you hear something ? a scratching sound be hear from above . roadie they be try to burrow through the tunnel wall . heroine move . the scratch sound increase , now hear from the far end of the tunnel as well . coach like mole this thing . then , sister Beast # 1 drop into the tunnel from the far end . she charge . at the last second , roadie spot she . roadie duck ! roadie and coach duck into the water , but heroine be unable to avoid a thrust that knock she back ten yard . sister Beast # 1 land and turn , surveying she prey . roadie aim he water - drip gun , but heroine rise and block he shot . roadie stay down ! from she knee , heroine fire . blam-blam-blam ! the three shot push sister Beast # 1 backwards . heroine rise , cover in muddy water and bleed from a cut across the face . heroine go ! the bitch be mine ! roadie and coach reluctantly turn , leave heroine to fend with the Beast . heroine charge . hiss , sister Beast # 1 charge as well . heroine pump and fire . boom ! sister Beast spin , avoid the shot . now too close , heroine jam the Beast in the mouth with the gun , knock she back . sister Beast # 1 respond with a swipe and chomp on the arm . heroine bat she away . sister Beast # 1 move to the other . heroine look out ! roadie and coach sprint until sister Beast # 2 burst through the tunnel wall , stop roadie and coach in they track . roadie fire he weapon , but it spark and fizzle . roadie the shell be wet ! with the two beast close in . the man be trap . coach look around , see a plan . coach grab onto ceiling and get out of water ! roadie what ? coach do it !!! grabbing onto the piping along the ceiling , roadie pull himself from the water . coach use the machete to cut a power cord from above . he grab the expose , sparking end . coach ( to heroine ) get out of water !!! heroine see what he 's do , sprint back the way they come . as the two beast charge , coach pull himself out of the water by hold onto the above piping . he 's force to wait for heroine to get out of the water . the second she do , he jam the cord into the water . zap ! the conductive water sizzle . sister Beast # 1 and sister Beast # 2 lock up and crash . electrocution . spark and smoke rise from they cook body . roadie and coach look to each other , victorious . they begin shimmy along the piping to the end of the tunnel . int . tunnel / basement -- night heroine look back at the two man . she turn and reenter the basement . gah ! Teen Beast drop in front of she , whack she to the floor . heroine slide across the floor , but jump up quickly . Teen Beast cautiously move in for the kill . heroine raise she weapon . heroine you fuck with my family . ( aim shotgun ) I fuck right back ! click -- out of ammo ! heroine oh shit . heroine throws the shotgun at he and pull out the machete . she roll leave and swing . Teen Beast lose two finger . she swing again but get whacked to the floor . heroine roll with the hit , grab she shotgun , and dive into the keg elevator . she slam close the door as Teen Beast regains its composure and lunge . bam ! it crash against the door . int . tunnel -- night roadie and coach crawl to the platform by the exit . coach they will write storey of you bravery . roadie if there 's anybody leave . the two man climb up the ladder lead to the ground above . at the top , roadie push off the plywood cover . the two man peer into the night and spot the truck . inside keg elevator heroine wedge the door close . the Beast continue to try to get in . heroine bang the top of the small elevator ... heroine send it up ! send it up ! MAIN bar tuffy back up and hear the scream from the keg elevator . tuffy hey ! hey ! she 's in the shaft ! beer guy hit the button . the gear grind and start to pull the elevator up to the main floor . inside keg elevator heroine squirm as the elevator rise . heroine move it ! move it ! move it ! as Teen Beast start to tear at the base of the rise keg elevator in the shaft , heroine pound and tear at the few plank above she in the keg elevator . MAIN bar beer guy hit the button . Beer guy come on ! bozo ol ' crazy horse have see it . tuffy shut up ! inside keg elevator the elevator shake . heroine pound a hole through the elevator top . she try to squeeze through the SMALL hole . Teen Beast bite through the floor board of the keg elevator . clanggg ! the elevator stop . heroine lurch and grab the greasy cable to stop she fall . heroine goddamn it ! MAIN bar tuffy it stop . it fuckin ' stop ! inside keg elevator heroine scream as the elevator shake . Teen Beast be struggle to climb right under she . MAIN bar trampy do something ! inside keg elevator heroine i'm alive ! OPEN the door ! MAIN bar tuffy move for the keg door . adulterer grab the judge from bartender . adulterer stop ! trampy what the fuck be you do ?! adulterer they can not get in here ! we agree ! they will get we ! tuffy she can make it ! adulterer I will not die because of she ! bartender do not be stupid , drop the gun ! inside keg elevator heroine hack at one of the two greasy cable . Teen Beast be in the elevator car and rising . MAIN bar trampy you're killing her ! adulterer they will get in ! we will all die ! inside keg elevator heroine almost have the primary cable cut . Teen Beast rise up to bite . SNAP !! the cable break . heroine soar up the shaft . Teen Beast be pull down to the bottom . the keg elevator door burst open on impact . heroine slam into the ceiling , kick and yell . MAIN bar tuffy knock adulterer 's shotgun up , take the gun , and rip open the keg door . heroine swing out . p.o.v . - Teen Beast be right behind she with mouth open and ready to feed . tuffy point she shotgun . blam ! Teen lurch back , drop back down the shaft . tuffy slam the keg door shut . heroine pants on the floor . adulterer be down , wind . bozo welcome back . heroine F -f-fuck you . bartender what the hell happen ? tuffy you okay ? heroine I think they make it . she turn to adulterer , rigid . heroine stop try to get people kill . it be get very old . adulterer nod , ashamed . heroine look around the bar . she notice the peanut barrel on top of the bar . two wooden plank serve as track , lead straight for the side wall . heroine what 's this ? bozo ingenuity , baby . ingenuity . heroine ( to bartender ) I need some shell . bartender I have two leave . bartender expel a shell from the judge and hand it over . bartender make it count . heroine cringe , eyeing the line up molotov cocktail . heroine let 's prepare ourselves , they ought to be here with the truck any minute . boss man bullshit . boss man sip a bottle , still hop - up on morphine . he lazily load he pistol from a pool of bullet on he belly . boss man if you ask I , I be gonna just lay right here , wait for sunrise , then walk on out of here . heroine that 's you choice , but this be go to get a whole lot worse before it get any better . boss man shrug , content with himself . boss man if all of you run for it , they will not care about lil ol ' I . they like the food that move ... crash ! Teen Beast 's arm erupt through the boss man 's belly . his pistol and bullet scatter across the floor . boss man ohhh !!! snappp !!! his head and leg slap together as the arm pull he through a small hole in the floor . the group jump back . blood rocket out . his body be pureed down the tiny hole . heroine get on the table !!! on the table !!! everyone struggle to get on the table . crash ! Teen Beast 's arm reach up and grab para 's wheelchair , violently shaking it . para fall to the floor . Teen Beast 's arm grab para 's leg ... para help I !!! bozo bonsai ! bozo jump from a table and stomp on Teen Beast 's arm . he pick up para and toss he onto a table . bozo hot potato !!! bozo leap back onto a table . pop ! the power cut out . the room go black . Beer guy we be gonna die ! adulterer what the hell ?! heroine settle down ! trampy stop it ! stop it ! stop it ! and with that , the shouting and pound stop . the group nervously shuffles around the table . there 's silence . Dead silence . then , far be the distance , beyond the wall , a sound be hear . it 's scream . and it 's approach . rapidly . the survivor maneuver to peek out the front wall . bartender what 's that ? tuffy see what be come . tuffy they do not make it . ext . bar -- continuous be hold by papa and momma Beast , roadie and coach be both rush towards the wall like human batter ram . roadie run !!! thud ! the first strike cause the man to howl . int . bar -- continuous the survivor shake in sicken silence . from beyond the wall , they can hear high - pitch scream . thud ! thud ! thud ! with every strike , a splattering of blood spit through the plank of wood . bartender that wall 's come down ! bozo commence plan b! the entire group go into motion . heroine what 's plan b? bozo just watch the floor and keep the other safe ! thud ! thud ! thud ! with a final furious strike , a few wood plank splinter . papa Beast stick in he head and hiss . bozo bomb 's away !!! from the bar , beer guy , tuffy , and adulterer release the first peanut barrel . it 's ablaze and sail straight for papa Beast . blam ! it explode , burst open the wall and knock back papa Beast . the wooden wall go up in flame . para , on a side table , reach out and grab boss man 's .38 from the floor . the second peanut barrel be release . it sail outside the breach , but it do not explode . nevertheless , the beast stay far away . Teen Beast madly rip floor board away , move towards para 's table . Teen Beast burst through the floor , knock para to the floor . para crawl to he fall wheelchair . Teen Beast spot he , move in to feed . para point he seat back at the scattered .38 bullet and flip the armrest switch . SNAP ! the bullet jump to the power magnet . para yank one free , load the pistol and turn just as Teen Beast strike ... pop ! the shot hit Teen Beast in the eye , send he back down the hole in the floor . heroine and bartender move in . when Teen Beast stick he head out of the hole again , they thrust both they shotgun into each ear . heroine now ! blam-blam ! the two shot scatter head everywhere . the flame in the bar spread , catch the entire wall and roof on fire . ext . bar -- moment later the second barrel come to a stop a good distance from the bar . suddenly , the top be knock off . trampy stick she head out . see no trouble , she emerge , dizzy as hell , and race for the nearby Beer truck . int . bar -- moment later papa and momma Beast both charge the bar . the third peanut barrel be release . it sail for they , but they dive out of the way . kabloom ! it take out the rest of the wall . Fire and smoke fill the place . adulterer douse momma Beast with booze as beer guy nail she with a light molotov cocktail . whoosh ! engulf in flame , she bolt from the bar shriek . bozo one down , one to go !!! papa enter and be instantly cornere . he swing wildly . heroine ( to bartender ) help I ! heroine and bartender rip the deer head from the wall and charge papa , pin he against the wall with the antler . heroine come on ! bozo and beer guy dive into papa 's leg , hold they down . tuffy pick up the judge . wham ! the shotgun butt knock out papa 's front tooth . tuffy raise the weapon again , stare down at the monster that kill she child , but papa Beast get a arm free to knock away she fatal blow . bartender wrench papa Beast 's arm with all he might . with she hair stick in papa Beast 's claw , tuffy be pull face to face with the beast . she squirm as he chomp at she , but with no front tooth , he can not do immediate damage . bartender I can not hold he !!! heroine do something !!! tuffy reach back and shove she fist into papa Beast 's mouth , jam it down he throat . he instantly gag , suck for air . papa Beast struggle to get free , but the other hold tight . papa Beast 's body begin to quiver from a lack of oxygen . his eye widen , face to face with tuffy . tuffy choke on it !!! with one last lunge , papa Beast shake , he life drift away . his eye turn black as he body go limp . tuffy pull out she arm from he throat . bartender God ... bozo I need to get you number . tuffy shake she wet arm dry . as the group pull away , papa Beast be still pin to the wall with the deer antler dig into the wood . heroine turn to grandma and grandpa , offer a hand . heroine come on , I will help you . grandpa no thank you , we be content . heroine I be not leave anyone behind . grandma maybe next time , dear . heroine swallow and nod . honk -honk -honk ! just outside the breach wall , the beer truck pull up . ext . bar -- continuous the beer truck screech to a halt . trampy 's at the wheel , wave the group over . with the bar burn , a thick layer of smoke blanket the entire area . the people amass at the open , but heroine stop they from advance . the group stare the dark night . Silent . heroine she 's still out here . heroine eye the truck , see something she like . heroine stay put . she creep out alone . heroine where be you ... come on ... nothing . just smoke . and silence . heroine come on ! come on ! from the smoke , a smolder momma Beast charge like a bull . at the truck , heroine open the back door and dive in , leave the door open . momma Beast give chase , enter the back . inside truck heroine be deep into the truck as momma Beast enter . she advance , hiss . heroine come and get I you blood- chugge cunt ! momma howl and charge . heroine slide out the side keg door , lock it behind she . before momma can see the trap , beer guy slam close the rear door . outside truck beer guy latch it . trampy come around the truck . trampy you get she ? you get she ! heroine not for long , we gotta burn it . heroine look to the other at the breach . heroine come on ! let 's blow this thing ! the other move into action . beer guy take off he shirt and shove it into the fuel tank . adulterer and bozo , with para riding piggyback , help . they use the molotov cocktail to make a fuel trail lead away from the truck . Beer guy when this light , run like hell . about fifteen yard away from the truck . bozo throw he silver - plate american Eagle lighter to heroine . heroine ( catch lighter ) here we go ... then , a noise : eoch-ock -ock ! eock-ock -ock ! eock-ock -ock ! a deafen pattern of sound erupt from within the truck . it 's momma Beast . again and again . tuffy what be that ? heroine she 's call for help . heroine drop the lighter onto the fuel . it race for the truck . when foot away , cousin beast land , stomping out the fire with he foot . bozo the fan have officially be bury in the shit . instantly , another beast , aunt beast , land on the top of the truck . this beast be like the other , but stripped . the group gasp . trampy back away . trampy we have to run -- burst ! trampy 's rib cage be rip from she body . the culprit , uncle beast , stand behind she . her organ drop like a box of vegetable . cousin Beast let out a high-pitch roar . from atop the truck , the rear door be rip open . momma Beast emerge . heroine get to you car !!! the beast spring into action , chase the group . bozo , with para on he back , sprint for he car . aunt Beast rip para from bozo 's back . bozo motherfucker ! give he back ! bozo run for he tran - be . para fall to the ground , still alive . bozo turn back and see he . bozo oh Jesus ! para helllppp ! bozo grab he brother and put he on he back again , run . bozo I think we lose you -- para be ripped into the air again . bozo you fucker ! tuffy and bartender jump into he pickup truck . tuffy ( to heroine ) get in ! heroine hop in the back . beer guy and adulterer run to a car together . beer guy lag behind , continually look over he shoulder . adulterer run and quit look back ! as beer guy look forward , aunt Beast and uncle Beast hit he high - and - low , cut he in half . bozo make it to he tran - be . bozo do it ! vahvvvooommmm ! the car roar to life . he push in a tape . the " miami vice " theme song blare from the speaker . bozo get I fuck bird ! bozo peel out . aunt Beast land right in he path . bozo no you do not ! bam ! he smack aunt Beast head on , send the creature 's disembowel body sailing through the air . bozo vengeance ! para drop from the sky , still alive and panting . Cars be move everywhere . para oh jesussss ... int . bar -- continuous the burn jukebox play a slow love song . Dancing and hold each other , grandpa smooches grandma on the forehead . grandpa we have a good run . ext . bar -- continuous para crawl along the ground , be ignore by the beast . para help I ! help I somebody ! bozo turn on he windshield wiper to clear off the blood and gut . he spot para . bozo hang on ! para claw the ground . para hurry ! hurry ! hurry ! bartender jerk the wheel of he car . bartender oh shit ! para see bartender 's approach truck . para nooo !!! para roll right , just miss tire . para yell for he brother . para come on ! goddamn it ! bozo 's eye bulge . bozo brother !!! bam ! para be smear by adulterer 's car . adulterer shit ! bozo floor it . bozo ( overly endear ) I mean to tell you so much ! the remain car maneuver to hit the open road . int . bar -- continuous grandpa and grandma hold each other tight . uncle Beast enter , move to they table . it move in for the kill . grandpa kiss he wife gently . grandpa Close you eye , hon . the Beast open its massive jaw and ... crash ! bozo 's car drive through the bar , smearing the Beast . int . boho' car -- continuous bozo you be sucking my dick !!! bozo gun the engine , crash out the other end of the bar . ext . bar -- continuous bozo 's car veer , flipping over a pile of rubble . bozo motherfucker !!! bozo squirm in he flip car , upside - down . he hear a Beast approach . he pull out a butterfly knife from the open glove box and saws at he safety belt . cousin Beast lean into the passenger side of the car and look he right in the eye . bozo raise the knife . bozo Lord , if I die , bury I upside down so the world can kiss my ass ! cousin Beast leap in . ext . bar -- continuous the remain two car race down the road . int . bartender' car -- continuous with the pedal to the floor , bartender drive . bartender I think we be in the clear -- bam ! momma Beast land on the roof . she reach inside and yank out bartender 's throat . the car veer . tuffy rights it , lean over and stomping on the gas . momma yank at the door , pull it open . tuffy push out bartender 's corpse and jerk the wheel . in the back momma Beast fall back , knock down heroine . momma Beast nearly fall out , but manage to grab the rear gate with one claw . defenseless , heroine back away . momma Beast hold on tightly , pull herself onto the bed of the truck . tuffy stare back through the glass , unable to do anything . momma Beast lunge towards heroine . momma Beast 's claw snag heroine 's locket , jerk heroine right up to the creature 's face . the locket catch momma 's attention for split second . her remain eye go from the picture of Charlie to heroine . momma 's mouth open wide . heroine scream ! and then , a beam of the rising SUN catch the gold locket and burn into momma 's eye . in one quick motion , she 's go , take the locket with she . heroine let out she breath , reach around she neck for what be no longer there . the truck skid to a halt . tuffy jump out . tuffy be you okay ?! heroine I do not know , I think -- adulterer ( o.s. ) hey ! they both jump as adulterer approach . adulterer be you two all right ? they leave ! we make it ! I think we make it ! tuffy they will be back . heroine we be safe until dark , but we need to find other people . heroine rise and move to the cab of the truck . she find a pack of cig under the visor . pop in the lighter . heroine you know where the iga grocery store be over in Red Mountain ? adulterer um , yeah , ten mile west . heroine they have a bomb shelter . ping ! the lighter spring out , hot . heroine light up and pass one to tuffy . heroine we will meet in three hour ? adulterer I do not wanna go home alone ... I do not wanna see what might have ... tuffy do not worry about that . just go . moment of silence as adulterer and tuffy look down the desolate road . adulterer I be sorry about you son . I really be . tuffy nod , affectionately touch he hand . adulterer where be you two go ? heroine we be go to get my little girl . adulterer I wish you luck . the car peel off . adulterer watch the car tear down the road . he glance up at the rising SUN . ext . town road -- day a sign read " red mountain " swing lazily in the breeze . tuffy and heroine coast down a town road . there be random pool of red blood in the dirt . no one in sight . ext . town road -- day adulterer drive along a small town road . there 's no sign of life here either . ext . heroine's grandmother' house -- day the car pull up to the house . the only sound be the wind . int . bartender' car -- continuous heroine and tuffy look at each other and proceed with caution . int . adulterer' car -- day he pull up in front of he house . the front door be swinging open , banging against the door frame . int . heroine's grandmother' house -- day heroine enter the ransacke house . tuffy follow . int . adulterer' house -- day he enter he house . it too , be a mess . int . heroine's grandmother' house -- day they look down the stair to the basement . nothing . they move up the stair to the second floor . second floor smack ! they spin to the noise . int . adulterer' house -- day he move up the stair to the master bedroom . smack ! there 's a noise at the end of the hall . smack ! int . heroine's grandmother' house -- day they cautiously move to the last room in the hall . a scratch , close door without a outside handle . heroine oh no ... heroine kick in the door and ... there 's a note on a teddy beer that say , " we went to the shelter . love grandma and charlie . " tuffy they be alive ! the shudder smack against the wall . int . adulterer' house -- day adulterer hold a shattered picture of he wife and two kid . he sigh and put it down . adulterer I be sorry ... I be so sorry ... ext . iga ( grocery store ) -- day the sun shine bright in the cloudless sky . there be a stiff wind that stir up the dust . bartender 's car slowly lurch up the street . int . bartender' car -- continuous heroine and tuffy skeptically look at the surroundings . heroine it 's right up there , in the back of the store . ext . iga ( grocery store ) -- continuous the car pull up in the back of the store and stop . they get out , look around . tuffy hold a machete . adulterer kneel against he car . heroine where be everyone ? adulterer I do not know , I just get here . do you find you girl ? heroine she 's suppose to already be here . tuffy you family ? adulterer shake he head , acknowledge they death . tuffy I be sorry . adulterer sheepishly nod . heroine this place be a ghost town . the group make they way to the store front , peek beyond the glass door . adulterer ( point ) look ! in the distance , in middle of a dusty parking lot , charlie stand stare at they . heroine Charlie ? heroine run to she and the other follow . Charlie fidget awkwardly . she cry and blood stain she dress . heroine Charlie ! as heroine near , adulterer grab she arm . adulterer stop ! there 's something wrong ! heroine honey !? the group eye Charlie , notice heroine 's locket around she ankle , lead to a slightly ajar manhole cover . suddenly , the sunlight start to fade . they look up the sun . tuffy oh god . the moon move in front of it -- a solar eclipse . Beast hissing and fluttering be hear . heroine look from leave to right , panic stricken . charlie mommy ! the sunlight be fade . the manhole cover shake , something be hold Charlie in place . heroine lurch forward , but adulterer hold she at bay . adulterer it 's a trap ! at a standstill , the group look around for option . in the distance , the darkness of the eclipse roll towards they . adulterer react , grab tuffy 's machete and lung for Charlie . the strike cut the chain at she ankle . the manhole cover pop off and a Beast claw sink into adulterer . the darkness cover the manhole . momma Beast rise , hoist adulterer 's blood drip body from the ground . adulterer ( gurgle blood ) run !!! heroine scoops up she child , move away from momma Beast . tuffy grab they both , lead they back towards the store front . as adulterer 's blood flow , momma Beast drag he towards she main prey . a blanket of darkness lead momma Beast , overtake the survivor . at the store front , heroine pull Charlie close . heroine ( a whisper ) I love you ... CUT to black : ext . iga ( grocery store ) -- a hour later a string of ten white van come to a halt in the dusty parking lot . the man in tan ( 45 , buzz cut , leathery skin , cool ) step from the lead van and survey the ravage small town . a swarm of man emerge from the other vehicle , all dress alike in work boot , gas mask and coverall . they go into action hone in on rubble with sensor and counter . the man in tan what 's the damage radius ? tech ( 27 , horn -rimm glass , all business ) eye a laptop . tech twenty mile . Red Mountain , surround farm , local tv studio . the man in tan how many pick up the broadcast ? tech we will have figure within the hour . the man in Tan close he eye in think . tech Sir , what 's the spin ? the man in tan tornado cluster . tech this be the California high desert . the man in tan get what you need to sell it . company man ( o.s. ) Sir , we have movement ! the man in Tan move to a few man stand over a pool of blood and gut . use the sensor equipment , the company man follow the blood trail that enter the grocery store . int . iga ( grocery store ) -- continuous the place be tear to hell . Dust and soot hang in the air . the man instinctively raise they high - power rifle , let the flashlight on the end lead the way . they follow the trail of blood to a back freezer locker . it 's scratch , bashed and thrash . the man in tan open it . company man # 2 step forward and use a metal - cut chainsaw to cut through the hinge . the door fall with a thud . as the dust clear , tuffy , heroine and Charlie stare back at the man , huddle together in a defensive stance . the man in Tan creak he neck . the man in tan gentlemen , help they to safety . heroine , hold Charlie , lurch back . heroine you be not safe , she 's still alive , she will be back ... the man in tan relax . we know . we be the calvary . the man in Tan step forward , guide the group out . ext . iga ( grocery store ) -- moment later a bulky security truck pull up . a driver , hold a bloody rag to he nose , get out and move to the back door . the man in tan what happen to you ? the Driver nod to the back of the truck , open the door . bozo lurch out , handcuff and chain . bozo get this cuff off I ! I be a goddamn hero for Christ 's sake ! a shirtless , irate bozo sit next to grandpa and grandma in the back . he settles at the sight of the other . grandma g'morn . bozo thanks for waitin ' for I back there , really fuckin ' appreciate it ! heroine cover she daughter 's ear as the survivor be help into the truck . tuffy sit , look to bozo . tuffy how would you survive ? bozo I find a new weak spot on them , but it damn be not pretty get to it . heroine , last in the truck , turn to the man . heroine where be you take we ? the man in tan a trauma center . we have doctor wait . ( off heroine 's pause ) you be in good hand now . the door shut on heroine 's concerned face . the man in Tan lock eye with the Driver . the man in tan do it quick and spread the mess . the Driver nod back . sinister implication understand . the man in Tan light a cigarette as he watch the truck drive off . the truck 's logo read , " farm - aid . " he inhale . freeze on he . name : the man in tan age : 45 occupation : he can't tell you purpose : to lay groundwork for sequel life expectancy : pretty f-ing good the man in Tan exhales a gust of smoke . fade out : the end