fence screenplay by August Wilson base upon he play black screen title : august wilson 's fence the screen remain black . the sound of a truck rumbling along a street . two man be hear talk : bono ( v.o. ) : Troy , you ought to stop that lie ! mroy ( v.o. ) : I be not lie ! the nigger have a water - melon this big . talk about . . . '' what water - melon , Mr. rand ? '' I like to fall out ! '' what watermelon , Mr. rand ? '' . . . and it sit there big as life . pono ( v.o. ) : what do Mr. rand say ? mroy ( v.o. ) : ai not say nothing . figure if the nigger too dumb to know he carry a watermelon , he be not gonna get much sense out of he . try to hide that great big old watermelon under he coat . afraid to let the white man see he carry it home . 9780735217867_fences.indd 1 11/1516 1:50 pm august wilson ext . wylie avenue , the hill , pittsburgh — early septemberomorning the rear of the garbage truck , god 's point of view : Troy maxson and Jim bono hang on to either side of the truck as it head toward its next collection point . Troy be fifty - three year old , a large man with thick , heavy hand ; it be this largeness that he strive to fill out and make a accommodation with . together with he blackness , he largeness inform he sensibility and the choice he have make in he life . of the two man , bono be obviously the follower . his commitment to they friendship of thirty odd year be roote in he admiration of Troy 's honesty , capacity for hard work , and he strength , which bono seek to emulate . bono : I be like you . . . I be not get no time for they kind of people . troy : now what he look like get mad 's cause he see the man from the union talk to Mr. rand ? bono : he come talk to I about . . . '' Troy maxson gonna get we fire . '' I tell he to get away from 9780735217867 fences.indd 2 11/1516 1:50 pm fence I with that . he walk away from I call you a troublemaker . ( anxious ) what Mr. rand say ? troy : ai not say nothing . he tell I to go down to the commissioner 's office next Friday . they call I down there to see they . the truck halt . Troy get down and head for heavy garbage can at the curb ; bono use Troy 's shoulder to ease himself down . bono : well , as long as you get you complaint file , they can not fire you . that 's what one of they white fellow tell I . troy : I be not worried about they fire I . they gonna fire I ' cause I ask a question ? that 's all I do . I go to Mr. rand and ask he — '' why ? why you get the white mens drive and the color lift ? '' told he , '' what 's the matter , do not I count ? '' title : the hill , pittsburgh title : 1957 troy : you think only white fellow get sense enough to drive a truck ? that be not no paper job . Hell , anybody can drive a truck . how come you get all the white drive and the colored lift ? the truck 's white driver watch the collector in he side mirror . 9780735217867 fences.indd 3 11/1516 1:50 pm august wilson troy : he tell I , '' take it to the union . '' well , hell , that 's what I do ! now they wanna come up with this pack of lie . bono : I tell brownie if the man come and ask he any question . . . just tell the truth ! it be not nothing but something they do trump up on you " cause you file a complaint on they . bono return the last empty can . Troy climb up on the truck . troy : brownie do not understand nothing . all I want they to do be change the job description . give everybody a chance to drive the truck . brownie can not see that . he be not get that much sense . bono in place , Troy slap the truck . as it start move , Troy pull a lever and the compactor crush the trash . ext . sanitation yard — afternoon Men stream out of the yard , Troy and bono among they . how you figure he be make out with that gal be up at Taylors 's all the time ... that alberta gal ? troy : who ? bono : brownie ! 9780735217867 fences.indd 4 11/1516 1:50 pm fence troy : same as you and I . he get as much as we be . which be to say nothing . bono : it be , huh ? I figure you do a little better than I . . . and I be not say what I be do . troy : aw , nigger , look here . . . I know you . if you have get anywhere near that gal , twenty minute later you be look to tell somebody . and the first one you gonna tell . . . that you gonna want to brag to . . . be gonna be I . bono : I be not say that . I see where you be eyeing she . troy : I eye all the woman . I do not miss nothing . do not never let nobody tell you Troy maxson do not eye the woman . bono : you be do more than eyeing she . you do buy she a drink or two . troy : Hell yeah , I buy she a drink ! what that mean ? I buy you one , too . what that mean ' cause I buy she a drink ? I be just be polite . pono : it 's all right to buy she one drink . that 's what you call be polite . but when you wanna be buy - ing two or three . . . that 's what you call eye - ing she . troy : look here , as long as you know I ... you ever know I to chase after woman ? bono : Hell yeah ! Long as I do know you . you for - get I know you when . 9780735217867 fences.indd 5 11/1516 1:50 pm august wilson troy : naw , I be talk about since I be marry to Rose ? bono : oh , not since you be marry to Rose . now , that 's the truth , there . I can say that . troy : all right then ! case close . ext . the hill district — troy and rosexs STREET — afternoon Troy and bono make they way down the street to a narrow house . a pair of lawn chair sit on the small front porch . they take the short cut through the side alley into the back yard . it be Friday , payday , and the one night of the week the two man engage ina ritual of talk and drink . bono : I see you be walk up around alberta 's house . you suppose to be at Taylors 's and you be walk up around there . mroy : what you watch where I be walk for ? I be not watch after you . bono : I see you walk around there more than once . moy : Hell , you liable to see I walk anywhere ! that do not mean nothing because you see I walk - ing around there . bono : where she come from anyway ? she just kinda show up one day . 9780735217867 fences.indd 6 11/1516 1:50 pm fence mor : tallahassee . you can look at she and tell she one of they Florida gal . they get some big healthy woman down there . grow they right up out the ground . get a little bit of indian in she . most of they nigger down in Florida get some indian in they . bono : I do not know about that indian part . but she damn sure big and healthy . woman wear some big stocking . get they great big old leg and hip as wide as the Mississippi river . troy : leg do not mean nothing . you do not do nothing but push they out of the way . but they hip cush - ion the ride ! bono : Troy , you be not get no sense . troy : it 's the truth ! like you riding on goodyear ! Troy crack the seal of the bottle of gin , pour some out on the ground ... for the folk that be long go . ext . troy 's and rose 's backyard — afternoon in the center of the yard , a large tree , two chair beneath it . a batter baseball hang from a rope tie to a tree limb ; a big weathered bat lean against the trunk . the yard be border on either side by fence and house . at the rear , 9780735217867 fences.indd 7 11/1516 1:50 pm august wilson there 's a derelict wooden house with board window . the remnant of a fence be strewn between the wild lot behind the abandon house and the maxson 's yard . material for a new fence . ..a couple of wooden sawhorse wait for the lumber stack under a tarp . one or two chair of dubious value sit at one end where the kitchen window open onto the porch . a old - fashioned ice box stand silent guard at the other end . Rose maxson come out onto the porch , hold a bowl of snap peas . she be ten year young than troy . her devotion to he stem from the recognition of the possibility of she life without he : a succession of abusive man and they baby , a life of party and run the street , the church , or aloneness with its attendant pain and frustration . she recognize troy 's spirit as a fine and illuminate one and she either ignore or forgive he fault , only some of which she recognize . though she do not drink , she presence be a integral part of the friday night ritual . 9780735217867 fences.indd 8 11/1516 1:50 pm fence rose : what you all out here get into ? troy : what you worried about what we get into for ? this be man talk , woman . rose : what I care what you talk about ? bono , you gonna stay for supper ? bono : no , I thank you , Rose . but Lucille say she cook - ing up a pot of pigfeet . troy : pigfeet ! Hell , I be go home with you ! might even stay the night if you get some pigfeet . you get something in there to top they pigfeet , Rose ? rosz : I be cooking up some chicken . I get some chicken and collard green . troy : well , go on back in the house and let I and bono finish what we be talk about . this be man talk . I get some talk for you later . you know what kind of talk I mean . go on and powder it up . rose : Troy maxson , do not you start that now ! troy ( put he arm around her ) : aw , woman . . . come here . look here , bono . . . when I meet this woman I get out that place , say , '' hitch up my pony , saddle up my mare . . . there 's a woman out there for I somewhere . I look here . look there . saw Rose and latch on to she . '' I latch on to she and tell she - I be gonna tell you the truth - I tell she , '' baby , I do not wanna marry , I just wanna be you man . '' Rose tell I . . . tell he what you tell I , Rose . 9780735217867 fences.indd 9 11/1516 1:50 pm august wilson rosz : I tell he if he be not the marrying kind , then move out the way so the marrying kind could find I . mox : that 's what she tell I . '' nigger , you in my way . you block the view ! move out the way so I can find I a husband . '' I think it over two or three day . come back — Rose : ai not no two or three day nothing . you be back the same night . troy : come back , tell she . . . '' okay , baby . . . but I be gonna buy I a banty rooster and put he out there in the backyard ... and when he see a stranger come , he 'il flap he wing and crow . . . '' look here , bono , I could watch the front door by myself . . . it be that back door I be worried about . rose : Troy , you ought not talk like that . Troy be not do nothing but tell a lie . moy : only thing be ... when we first get mar - rie . . . forget the rooster . . . we be not have no yard ! pono : I hear you tell it . I and Lucille be stay down there on Logan Street . have two room with the outhouse in the back . I be not mind the outhouse none . but when that goddamn wind blow through there in the winter . .. that 's what I be talk about ! to this day I wonder why in the hell I ever stay down there for six long year . but see , I do not know I could do no better . I think only white folk have inside toilet and thing . 10 9780735217867 fences.indd 10 11/1516 1:50 pm fence rose : there 's a lot of people do not know they can do no better than they do now . that 's just some - thing you get to learn . a lot of folk still shop at Bella 's . mroy : ai not nothing wrong with shopping at Bella 's . she get fresh food . Rose : I be not say nothing about if she get fresh food . I be talk about what she charge . she charge ten cent more than the a&p . troy : the a&p be not never do nothing for I . I spend my money where I be treat right . I go down to Bella , say , '' I need a loaf of bread , I x11 pay you Friday . '' she give it to I . what sense that make when I get money to go and spend it somewhere else and ignore the person who do right by I ? that be not in the Bible . rose : we be not talk about what 's in the Bible . what sense it make to shop there when she overcharge ? troy : you shop where you want to . I x11 do my shopping where the people be good to I . rose : well , I do not think it 's right for she to over - charge . that 's all I be say . bono : look here ... I get to get on . Lucille be raise all kind of hell . roy : where you go , nigger ? we be not finish this pint . come here , finish this pint . pono : well , hell , I be . . . if you ever turn the bot - tle loose . 11 9780735217867_fences.indd 11 11/1516 1:50 pm august wilson Troy hand he the bottle . troy : the only thing I say about the a&p be I be glad cory get that job down there . help he take care of he school clothes and thing . Rose straighten up . cory be a sore subject . moy : gabe do move out and thing get tight around here . he get that job ... he can start to look out for himself . rosze : cory do go and get recruit by a college football team . moy : I tell that boy about that football stuff . the white man be not gonna let he get nowhere with that football . I tell he when he first come to I with it . now you come tell I he do go and get more tie up in it . he ought to go and get recruit in how to fix car or something where he can make a live . rosze : he be not talk about make no live play football . it 's just something the boy in school do . they gonna send a recruiter by to talk to you . he will tell you he be not talk about make no live play football . it 's a honor to be be - cruite . mroy : it be not gonna get he nowhere . bono will tell you that . pono : if he be like you in the sport . . . he 's gonna be all right . ai not but two man ever play base - 12 9780735217867 fences.indd 12 11/1516 1:50 pm fence ball as good as you . that 's Babe Ruth and josh Gibson . they 's the only two man ever hit more home run than you . mroy : what it ever get I ? ai not get a pot to piss in or a window to throw it out of . rosz : Times have change since you be play base - ball , Troy . that be before the war . Times have change a lot since then . troy : how in hell they do change ? rose : they get lot of color boy play ball now . Baseball and football . bono : you right about that , Rose . Times have change , Troy . you just come along too early . troy : there ought not never have be no time call too early ! now you take that fellow ... what 's that fellow they have play right field for the yankee back then ? you know who I be talk about , bono . use to play right field for the yankee . Rose : selkirk ? troy : selkirk ! that 's it ! man bat .269 , under - stand ? .269 . what kind of sense that make ? I be hit .432 with thirty - seven home run ! man bat .269 and play right field for the yan - kee ! I see josh Gibson 's daughter yesterday . she walk around with raggedy shoe on she foot . now I bet you selkirk 's daughter be not walk around with raggedy shoe on she foot ! I bet you that ! 13 9780735217867 fences.indd 13 11/1516 1:50 pm august wilson rosze : they get a lot of color baseball player now . Jackie Robinson be the first . folk have to wait for Jackie Robinson . troy : I do see a hundred nigger play baseball bet - ter than Jackie Robinson . Hell , I know some team Jackie Robinson could not even make ! what you talk about Jackie Robinson . Jackie Robinson be not nobody . I be talk about if you could play ball then they ought to have let you play . do not care what color you be . come tell I I come along too early . if you could play then they ought to have let you play . Troy take a long drink . rose : you gonna drink yourself to death . you do not need to be drink like that . troy : death be not nothing . I do see he . done wrassle with he . you can not tell I nothing about death . death be not nothing but a fastball on the outside corner . and you know what I 'il do to that ! lookee here , bono . . . be I lie ? handing bono the bottle , Troy pick up the bat and take a gentle whack at the tethere ball . he assume a batter 's stance . moy : you get one of they fastball , about waist high , over the outside corner of the plate where you can get the meat of the bat on it ( he swing , smack the ball hard : ) 14 9780735217867 fences.indd 14 11/1516 1:50 pm fence and good God ! the ball fly in fast circle around the tree limb . Troy look up into the sky . mroy : you can kiss it good - bye . now , be I lie ? bono : naw , you tell the truth there . I see you do it . mov : if I be lie . . . that 450 foot worth of lie ! that 's all death be to I . a fastball on the out - side corner . rose : I do not know why you want to get on talk about death . troy : ai not nothing wrong with talk about death . that 's part of life . everybody gonna die . you gonna die , I be gonna die . bono 's gonna die . Hell , we all gonna die . rose : but you be not get to talk about it . I do not like to talk about it . troy : you the one bring it up . I and bono be talk about baseball ... you tell I I be gonna drink myself to death . ai not that right , bono ? you know I do not drink this but one night out of the week . that 's Friday night . I be gonna drink just enough to where I can handle it . then I cut it loose . I leave it alone . so do not you worry about I drink myself to death . 's Cause I be not worried about death . I do see he . I do wrestle with he . Rose could recite this story herself . 15 9780735217867 fences.indd 15 11/1516 1:50 pm august wilson mroy : look here , bono . . . I look up one day and death be march straight at I . like Soldiers on parade ! the Army of death be march straight at I . the middle of July , 1941 . it get real cold just like it be winter . it seem like death he - self reach out and touch I on the shoulder . he touch I just like I touch you . I get cold as ice and death stand there grin at I . rosze : Troy , why do not you hush that talk . moy : I say . . . '' what you want , Mr. death ? you be want I ? you do bring you army to be get - ting I ? '' I look he dead in the eye . I be not fear nothing . I be ready to tangle . just like I be ready to tangle now . the bible say be ever vigilant . that 's why I do not get but so drunk . I get to keep watch . ros ( to bono ) : Troy be right down there in mercy hos - pital . you remember he have pneumonia ? laying there with a fever talk plumb out of he head . troy : death stand there stare at I . . . carry that sickle in he hand . finally he say , '' you want bound over for another year ? '' see , just like that . . . '' you want bound over for another year ? '' I tell he , '' bound over hell ! let 's settle this now ! '' it seem like he kinda fall back when I say that , and all the cold go out of I . I reach down and grab that sickle and throw it just as far as I could throw it . . . and I and he com - mence to wrestle . we wrestle for three day and three night . I can not say where I find the strength 16 9780735217867 fences.indd 16 11/1516 1:50 pm fence from . every time it seem like he be gonna get the best of I , I have reach way down deep inside my - self and find the strength to do he one better . Rose : every time Troy tell that story he find different way to tell it . different thing to make up about it . troy : I be not make up nothing . I be tell you the fact of what happen . I wrestle with death for three day and three night and I be stand here to tell you about it ... all right . at the end of the third night we do weaken each other to where we can not hardly move . death stand up , throw on he robe . . . have he a white robe with a hood on it . Troy mimic a klansman 's hood . bono laugh at this ; Rose do the same in spite of herself . troy : he throw on that robe and go off to look for he sickle . say , '' I will be back . '' just like that . '' I x11 be back . '' I tell he say , '' yeah , but you gonna have to find I ! '' I be not no fool . I be not go look for he . death be not nothing to play with . int . front room — afternoon Lyons , 34 , enter from the street , guitar case in hand . he be troy 's son from a previous marriage . although he fancy himself a musician , he be more catch up in the ritual and '' idea '' of 17 9780735217867 fences.indd 17 11/1516 1:50 pm august wilson be a musician than in the actual practice of the music . he hear troy 's voice and head to the back door , where he stand , listen . troy ( o.s. ) : and I know he 's gonna get I . I know I get to join he army . . . he camp follower . but as long as I keep my strength and see he come ... as long as I keep up my vigi - lance . . . he 's gonna have to fight to get I . I be not go easy . ext . the back yard — afternoon bono : well , look here , since you get to keep up you vigilance . . . let I have the bottle . mroy : aw hell , I should not have tell you that part . I should have leave out that part . rosze : Troy be talk that stuff and half the time do not even know what he be talk about . troy : bono know I better than that . pono : that 's right . I know you . I know you get some uncle remus in you blood . you get more storey than the devil get sinner . troy : aw hell , I do see he too ! done talk with the devil . rosze : Troy , do not nobody want to be hearing all that stuff . Lyons come out on the porch . 18 9780735217867 fences.indd 18 11/1516 1:50 pm fence iyon : hey , pop. troy : what you come '' hey , pop '' I for ? iyon : how you do , Rose ? he kiss she . iyon : Mr. bono . how you do ? bono : hey , Lyons . . . how you be ? troy : he must have be do all right . I be not see he around here last week . rose : Troy , leave you boy alone . he come by to see you and you wanna start all that nonsense . troy : I be not bother Lyons . Troy offer Lyons the bottle . troy : here . . . get you a drink . we get a under - stand . I know why he come by to see I and he know I know . zyon : come on , pop ... I just stop by to say hi . . . see how you be do . troy : you be not stop by yesterday . rose : you gonna stay for supper , Lyons ? I get some chicken cooking in the oven . as she head toward the house , Rose pick up Troy 's apron and glove from the back porch , carry they inside . iyon : no , Rose . . . thanks . I be just in the neigh - borhood and think I have stop by for a minute . 19 9780735217867 fences.indd 19 11/1516 1:50 pm august wilson moy : you be in the neighborhood all right , nigger . you tell the truth there . you be in the neigh - borhood ' cause it 's my payday . Lyons : well , hell , since you mention it . . . let I have ten dollar . mroy : I 'il be damned ! i’1l die and go to hell and play blackjack with the devil before I give you ten dollar . int . house — afternoon Troy head into the house , make he way up front to the sit room . Lyons pursue , bono follow . Troy sit on the sofa , watch Rose set the table . pono : that 's what I want to know about ... that devil you do see . Lyons : pop do see the devil ? you too much pops. mroy : yeah , I do see he . talk to he too ! rosze : you be not see no devil . I do tell you that man be not have nothing to do with the devil . any - thing you can not understand , you want to call it the devil . troy : look here , bono . . . I go down to see hertz - berger about some furniture . get three room for two - ninety - eight . that what it say on the radio . '' Three room . . . two - ninety -eight . '' even make 20 9780735217867 fences.indd 20 11/1516 1:50 pm fence up a little song about it . go down there . . . man tell I I can not get no credit . I be work every day and can not get no credit . what to do ? I get a empty house with some raggedy furniture in it . cory be not get no bed . he 's sleep on a pile of rag on the floor . work every day and can not get no credit . come back here - Rose 'il tell you - madder than hell . sit down ... try to figure what I be gonna do . come a knock on the door . ai not be live here but three day . who know I be here ? open the door . . . devil stand there bigger than life . White fellow . . . get on good clothes and everything . stand there with a clipboard in he hand . I be not have to say nothing . first word come out of he mouth be . . . '' I understand you need some furniture and can not get no credit . '' I like to fall over . he say , '' I will give you all the credit you want , but you get to pay the interest on it . '' I tell he , '' give I three room 's worth and charge whatever you want . '' next day a truck pull up here and two man unload they three room . man what drive the truck give I a book . say send ten dollar , first of every month to the address in the book and everything will be all right . say if I miss a payment the devil be com - ing back and it will be hell to pay . that be fifteen year ago . to this day . . . the first of the month I send my ten dollar , Rose 's 1l1 tell you . rise : Troy lie . Rose return to the kitchen . Troy 's voice follow she . as she go about 21 9780735217867 _fences.indd 21 11/1516 1:50 pm august wilson readying the food with a perfectionist 's care : mroy : I be not never see that man since . now you tell I who else that could have be but the devil ? I be not sell my soul or nothing like that , you un - derstand . naw , I would not have truck with the devil about nothing like that . Rose bring a plate of cornbread to the dining table . Lyons have he guitar out , tuning it . moy : I get my furniture and pay my ten dollar the first of the month just like clockwork . bono : how long you say you be pay this ten dol - lar a month ? moy : Fifteen year ! bono : Hell , be not you finish pay for it yet ? how much the man do charge you ? troy : aw hell , I do pay for it . I do pay for it ten time over ! the fact be I be scared to stop pay it . rosze : Troy lie . we get that furniture from Mr. glickman . he be not pay no ten dollar a month to nobody . troy : aw hell , woman . bono know I be not that big a fool . yon : I be just get ready to say . . . I know where there 's a bridge for sale . 22 9780735217867 fences.indd 22 11/1516 1:50 pm fence troy : look here , I 'il tell you this . . . it do not mat - ter to I if he be the devil . it do not matter if the devil give credit . somebody have get to give it . rose : it ought to matter . you go around talk about have truck with the devil . . . God 's the one you gonna have to answer to . he 's the one gonna be at the judgment . Rose head back into the kitchen . Lyons : yeah , well , look here , pop ... let I have that ten dollar . I will give it back to you . bon - nie get a job work at the hospital . mroy : what I tell you , bono ? the only time I see this nigger be when he want something . that 's the only time I see he . iyon : come on , pop , Mr. bono do not want to hear all that . let I have the ten dollar . I tell you bonnie work . troy : what that mean to I ? '' bonnie work . '' I do not care if she work . go ask she for the ten dol - lar if she work . talk about '' bonnie work - ing . '' why be not you work ? iyon : aw , pop , you know I can not find no decent job . where be I gonna get a job at ? you know I can not get no job . troy : I tell you I know some people down there . I can get you on the rubbish if you want to work . I tell you that the last time you come by here ask I for something . 23 9780735217867 fences.indd 23 11/1516 1:50 pm august wilson tyon : naw , pop. . . thanks . that be not for I . I do not wanna be carry nobody 's rubbish . I do not want to be punch nobody 's time clock mroy : what 's the matter , you too good to carry peo - ple 's rubbish ? where you think that ten dollar you talk about come from ? I be just suppose to haul people 's rubbish and give my money to you " cause you too lazy to work . you too lazy to work and wanna know why you be not get what I get . rosze : what hospital bonnie work at ? mercy ? Lyons : she 's down at passavant work in the laundry . moy : I be not get nothing as it be . I give you that ten dollar and I get to eat bean the rest of the week . naw . . . you be not get no ten dollar here . Lyons : you be not get to be eat no bean . I do not know why you wanna say that . moy : I be not get no extra money . gabe do move over to miss Pearl 's , pay she the rent , and thing do get tight around here . I can not afford to be give you every payday . Lyons : I be not ask you to give I nothing . I ask you to loan I ten dollar . I know you get ten dollar . roy ( arrackinc ) : yeah , I get it . you know why I get it ? ' Cause I do not throw my money away out there in the street . you live the fast life . . . wanna be a musician . . . run around in they club and thing . . . then , you learn to take care of 24 9780735217867 fences.indd 24 11/1516 1:50 pm fence yourself . you be not gonna find I go and ask nobody for nothing . I do spend too many year without . Lyons : you and I be two different people , pop . troy : I do learn my mistake and learn to do what 's right by it . you still try to get some - thing for nothing . life do not owe you nothing . you owe it to yourself . ask bono . he ’1ll tell you I be right . iyon : you get you way of deal with the world I get mine . the only thing that matter to I be the music . troy : yeah , I can see that ! it do not matter how you gonna eat . . . where you next dollar be come from . you tell the truth there . iyon ( annoved ) : I know I get to eat . but I get to live too . I need something that gonna help I to get out of the bed in the morning . make I feel like I belong in the world . I do not bother nobody . I just stay with my music ' cause that 's the only way I can find to live in the world . otherwise there be not no tell what I might do . now I do not come criticize you and how you live . I just come by to ask you for ten dollar ... I do not wanna hear all that about how I live ! troy : Boy , you mama do a hell of a job raise you . iyon : you can not change I , pop . I be thirty - four year old . if you want to change I , you should have 25 9780735217867 fences.indd 25 11/1516 1:50 pm august wilson be there when I be grow up . I come by to see you ... ask for ten dollar and you want to talk about how I be raise . you do not know noth - ing about how I be raise . rosze : let the boy have ten dollar , Troy . troy ( 70 Lyons ) : what the hell you look at I for ? I be not get no ten dollar . you know what I do with my money . ( to Rose ) give he ten dollar if you want he to have it . Rose : I will . just as soon as you turn it loose . mroy ( reaching in he pocker ) : there it be . seventy - six dollar and forty - two cent . you see this , bono ? now , I be not gonna get but six of that back . rose : you ought to stop tell that lie . here , Lyons . she hand he the money . lyon ( packing up he gurtar ) : thanks , rose. look . . . I get to run . . . I will see you later . mroy : wait a minute . you gonna say , '' thanks , Rose , '' and be not gonna look to see where she get that ten dollar from ? see how they do I , bono ? lyon I know she get it from you , pop . thanks . i’11 give it back to you . troy : there he go tell another lie . time I see that ten dollar . . . he 'il be owe I thirty more . Lyons : see you , Mr. bono. 26 9780735217867 fences.indd 26 11/1516 1:50 pm fence ono : take care , Lyons ! uyon : thanks , pop. I will see you again . Lyons be out the door . troy : I do not know why he do not go and get he a de - cent job and take care of that woman he get . oso : he 'il be all right , Troy . the boy be still young . troy : the boy be thirty - four year old . Rose : let 's not get off into all that . bono : look here . . . I get to be go . I get to be get on . Lucille gonna be wait . Troy go to Rose , put he arm around she . troy : see this woman , bono ? I love this woman . I love this woman so much it hurt . I love she so much . . . I do run out of way of loving she . so I get to go back to basic . do not you come by my house Monday morning talk about time to go to work . . . ' cause I be still gonna be stroking ! Rose : Troy ! stop it now ! pono : I be not pay he no mind , Rose . that be not nothing but gin-talk . go on , Troy . i’1l see you Monday . bono go through the door . as he do , Troy call to he : troy : do not you come by my house , nigger ! 27 9780735217867 fences.indd 27 11/1516 1:50 pm august wilson ext . the front porch — late afternoon bono walk down the front step as we hear ... mroy ( 0.s. ) : I do tell you what I be gonna be do . int . upstair hallway - troy and rose 's bedroom door — night camera slowly push in as we hear sound of lovemake emanate from inside as we cut to int . cory 's room — night teenager -messy , cleat and football equipment , book and clothes strewn about . on he desk , a photo of cory and Rose sit next to a envelope with the logo of the Elizabeth City State teacher 's College . cory be in bed , pillow clamp over he head to block the sound of he parent black screen the darkness fade to light as Rose be hear sing : 28 9780735217867 fences.indd 28 11/1516 1:50 pm fence rose ( v.0 . ) : . . . just ask Jesus to be a fence around you , and you never have to worry anymore . just bow down Jesus be a fence all around I every day . int . troy 's and rose 's bedroom — morning Rose 's sing haul Troy up from a deep slumber rose ( 0.8 . ) : when you get burden — Jesus , I want you to protect I as I travel on the way . when you get lonely — he get slowly out of bed , disorient . he look out of the window . Rose be in the backyard , hang wet clothes on the line . rose : Jesus be a fence all around I every day Jesus , protect I as I travel on my way . int . second story landing —morning Troy come out of the bedroom . he see cory 's bedroom door be close . 29 9780735217867 fences.indd 29 11/1516 1:50 pm august wilson ext . back yard— morning Troy come out of the house feel like superman . Rose be at the foot of the porch step , cranking laundry through a mangle atop a bucket . Rose : Morning . you ready for breakfast ? I can fix it as soon I finish hang up this clothes . troy : I get the coffee on . that will be all right . i’1l just drink some of that this morning . rose ( cranking the mangle ) : that 651 hit yesterday . that 's the second time this month . miss Pearl hit for a dollar . . . seem like that that need the least always get lucky . poor folk can not get nothing . mroy : they number do not know nobody . I do not know why you fool with they . you and Lyons both . Rose : it 's something to do . moy : you be not do nothing but throw you money away . Rose stop wring out the clothes and take he on . Rose : Troy , you know I do not play foolishly . I just play a nickel here and a nickel there . moy : that 's two nickel you do throw away . rose : now I hit sometimes . . . that make up for it . it always come in handy when I do hit . I do not hear you complain then . 30 9780735217867 fences.indd 30 11/1516 1:50 pm fence mox : I be not complain now . I just say it 's foolish . try to guess out of six hundred way which way the number gonna come . if I have all the money nig - ger . . . this negroes , throw away on number for one week — just one week — I have be a rich man . Troy head inside as Rose bring the laundry basket to the line and hang it . rose ( t0 troy in the kitchen ) : well , you wishing and call - ing it foolish be not gonna stop folk from play - ing number . that 's one thing for sure . besides . . . some good thing come from play number . look where Pope do buy he that restaurant off of number . Troy come out , cup of coffee in hand . troy : I can not stand nigger like that . man be not have two dime to rub together . he walk around with he shoe all run over bum money for ciga - rettes . all right . get lucky there and hit the number Rose : Troy , I know all about it . troy : have good sense , I will say that for he . he be not throw he money away . Troy go down the step toward the ruin fence . troy : I see nigger hit the number and go through two thousand dollar in four day . man bring he that restaurant down there . . . fix it up 31 9780735217867_fences.indd 31 11/1516 1:50 pm august wilson real nice . . . and then do not want nobody to come in it ! a negro go in there and can not get no kind of service . I see a white fellow come in there and order a bowl of stew . Pope pick all the meat out the pot for he . man be not have noth - ing but a bowl of meat ! negro come behind he and be not get nothing but the potato and carrot . talk about what number do for people , you pick a wrong example . ai not do nothing but make a worser fool out of he than he be before . Rose come out from behind the hang laundry . rose : Troy , you ought to stop worry about what hap - pene at work yesterday . troy : I be not worried . just tell I to be down there at the commissioner 's office on Friday . everybody think they gonna fire I . I be not worried about they fire I . you be not get to worry about that . ( pause ) where 's cory ? cory in the house ? ( loud ) cory ! rose : he go out . troy : out , huh ? he go out ' cause he know I want he to help I with this fence . I know how he be . that boy scared of work . he be not do a lick of work in he life . 32 9780735217867 fences.indd 32 11/1516 1:50 pm fence rose : he have to go to football practice . coach want they to get in a little extra practice before the season start . mroy : I get he practice . . . run out of here before he get he chore do . Rose : Troy , what be wrong with you this morning ? Troy grab a shovel go to a corner of the yard . Rose : do not nothing set right with you . go on back in there and go to bed . . . get up on the other side . mroy : why something get to be wrong with I ? I be not say nothing wrong with I . rose : you get something to say about everything . first it 's the number . . . then it 's the way the man run he restaurant . . . then you do get on cory . what 's it gonna be next ? take a look up there and see if the weather suit you ... or be it gonna be how you gonna put up the fence with the clothes hang in the yard . troy : you hit the nail on the head then . rrosz : I know you like I know the back of my hand . come on in here and get you some more coffee . . . see if that straighten you up . ( go into the house ) " Cause you be not right this morning . Troy start to pace out the fence 33 9780735217867 fences.indd 33 11/1516 1:50 pm august wilson line . . . he stop at the sound of a young girl 's shout which seem to come from the abandon house . Troy look , listen : nothing . then the unsettle silence be break by faint sing caprieL ( 0.s. ) : yes , mar ’am , I get plum you ask I how I sell they oh ten cent apiece — Three for a quarter come and buy now . ext . side alley— morning Troy head up the dark alley toward the street . the sing get louder , intermingled with child 's voice , chant , mock the singer . ext . the STREET in front of the house — morning Troy see he brother gabriel come down the street , follow by the neighborhood kid . he be seven year young than troy . injured in world war ii , he have a metal plate in he head . he carry a old trumpet tie around he waist and believe with every fiber of he be that he be the archangel gabriel . he carry a 34 9780735217867 fences.indd 34 11/1516 1:50 pm fence chip basket with a assortment of discard fruit and vegetable he have pick up in the strip district and which he attempt to sell . gabriel ( singing ) : ' Cause I be here today and tomorrow i’1l be go . as the kid see Troy head they way , they scatter . gabriel : there 's Troy . . . hey , Troy ! troy : hey , gabe . Rose come out on the porch . gabriel : hey , Rose ! rose : how you do , gabe ? she continue down the step , past Troy , and up to gabe . Troy look up and down the street , embarrassed . one or two old people be watch from window and stoops . rose : what you get there ? gabriel : you know what I get , Rose . I get fruit and vegetable . Rose look through he basket , treat the produce carefully . rose : where 's all this plum you talk about ? abriel : I be not get no plum today , Rose . I be just 35 9780735217867 fences.indd 35 11/1516 1:50 pm august wilson sing that . have some tomorrow . put I in a big order for plum . have enough plum tomorrow for Saint Peter and everybody . Gabriel shoot a anxious glance to troy. carte , ( 70 rost ) : Troy 's mad at I . troy : I be not mad at you . what I get to be mad at you about ? you be not do nothing to I . cabriel : I just move over to miss Pearl 's to keep out from in you way . I be not mean no harm by it . mroy : who say anything about that ? I be not say any - thing about that . gabriel : you be not mad at I , be you ? troy : naw . . . I be not mad at you , gabe . if I be mad at you I would tell you about it . gabriel : get I two room . in the basement . get my own door too . wanna see my key ? he fish out a key on a string and show Rose and Troy . caprigL : that 's my own key ! ai not nobody else get a key like that . that 's my key ! my two room . moy : well , that 's good , gabe . you get you own key . . . that 's good . rosze : you hungry , gabe ? I be just fix to cook Troy he breakfast . 36 9780735217867 fences.indd 36 11/1516 1:50 pm fence cabriel : I 'il take some biscuit . you get some bis - cuit ? Rose try to lead Gabriel by the hand into the house . gabriel ( 10 rose ) : do you know when I be in Heaven every morning I and Saint Peter would sit down by the Gate and eat some big fat biscuit ? Troy see a pair of old lady across the street , whisper . gabriel : oh , yeah ! we have we a good time . we have sit there and eat we they biscuit and then Saint pe - ter would go off to sleep and tell I to wake he up when it 's time to open the Gates for the judg - ment . ros : well , come on , I 'il make up a batch of biscuit . cabriel : Troy . . . Saint Peter get you name in the book . I see it . it say ... Troy maxson . I say ... I know he ! he get the same name like what I get . that 's my brother ! troy : how many time you gonna tell I that , gabe ? gapriel : ai not get my name in the book . do not have to have my name . I do die and go to Heaven . he get you name though . one morning Saint Peter be look at he book . . . mark it up for the judgment . . . and he let I see you name . get it in there under M. get Rose 's name ... I be not see it like I see yours . . . but I know it 's in there . he get a great big book . get everybody 's 37 9780735217867 fences.indd 37 11/1516 1:50 pm august wilson name what be ever be bear . that 's what he tell I . but I see you name . see it with my own eye . mroy : go on in the house there . Rose go to fix you something to eat . capriel : oh , I be not hungry . I do have breakfast with aunt jemimah . she come by and cook I up a whole mess of flapjack . remember how we use to eat they flapjack ? troy : go on in the house and get you something to eat now . capriel : I get to go sell my plum . I do sell some tomato . get I two quarter . wanna see ? he show he quarter to Troy , then pocket they . gabriel : I be gonna save they and buy I a new horn so Saint Peter can hear I when it 's time to open the Gates . ( turn with a sudden violence ) hear that ? hear that ? that 's the hellhound . I get to chase they out of here . go on get out of here ! get out ! ( sing softly ) well , all you hypocrite member , you waste you time away . my God 's call for workmen and you have better obey . ( louder ) 38 9780735217867 fences.indd 38 11/1516 1:50 pm fence better get ready for judgment ! Gabriel walk away sing as neighborhood kid give chase . Troy start after he , then stop , look at the old lady , watch . he go into the house . int . the kitchen—morning Troy come into the kitchen . Rose , apron on , be make biscuit batter . ros : where 's gabe ? troy : he go off somewhere . rose : he be not eat right . miss Pearl say she can not get he to eat nothing . troy : what you want I to do about it , Rose ? I do do everything I can for the man . I can not make he get well . man get half he head blow away what you expect ? Troy pour himself a second cup of coffee . rosz : seem like something ought to be do to help he . troy : man do not bother nobody . he just mix up from that metal plate he get in he head . ai not no sense for he to go back into the hospital . Rose : least he be eat right . they can help he take care of himself . 39 9780735217867 fences.indd 39 11/1516 1:50 pm august wilson troy : do not nobody wanna be lock up , Rose . what you wanna lock he up for ? man go over there and fight the war . . . messin 's around with they jap , get half he head blow off . . . and they give hima lousy three thousand dollar . and I have to swoop down on that . Rose : be you fix to go into that again ? troy : that 's the only way I get a roof over my head . . . ' cause of that metal plate . rosz : ai not no sense you blame yourself for nothing . gabe be not in no condition to manage that money . you do what be right by he . can not nobody say you be not do what be right by he . look how long you take care of he . . . till he want to have he own place and move over there with miss Pearl . moy : that be not what I be say , woman ! I be just state the fact . if my brother do not have that metal plate in he head . . . I would not have a pot to piss in or a window to throw it out of . and I be fifty - three year old . now see if you can un - derstand that ! he turn and go to the front door . he grab he jacket and hat . Rose be in the kitchen doorway , hold the mixing bowl . rosz : where you go off to ? you be run out of here every Saturday for week . I think you be gonna work on this fence ? 40 9780735217867 fences.indd 40 11/1516 1:50 pm fence mroy : I be gonna walk down to Taylors 's . listen to the ball game . i’1l be back in a bit . I x11 work on it when I get back . he go out the front door , close it hard . Rose look down at the mixing bowl , surprised that she 's hold it . she go to the kitchen trash can and start to dump the batter , but she can not . she sit at the table . she find the ball game on the radio . she get a metal cooking sheet , return to the table , wipe she hand and start lumping batter onto the sheet . soon she finger be cover with batter . she scrape vigorously at she hand to clean they , then stop , she hand shaking . she exert she will , steadying they . close up on she hand ; time pass , the light change . CUT to : int . kitchen —day cory ( o.s. ) : mama ? you all right ? two hour later . Rose sit , unmove . the lump of dough on the sheet have harden . the game be still in progress . she turn as if waking up . cory 's behind she in he muddy workout clothes , hold he shoulder pad and 41 9780735217867_fences.indd 41 11/1516 1:50 pm august wilson cleat . Rose wipe she hand , switch off the radio , then carry the baking sheet to the trash can , scraping off the ruin biscuit with a knife . Rose : you daddy like to have a fit with you run out of here this morning without do you chore . cory : I tell you I have to go to practice . rose : he say you be suppose to help he with the fence . cory : he be say that the last four or five satur - day , and then he do not never do nothing , but go down to Taylors 's . . . do you tell he about the recruiter ? he open the refrigerator and imagine the possibility rose : yeah , I tell he . cory : what he say ? Rose : he be not say nothing too much . you get up there and get start on you chore before he get back . go on and scrub down they step before he get back here holler and carry on . Rose toss the baking sheet in the sink . ext . the front porch — later that day Rose , dress nicely , check the front door to make sure it 's lock . she 42 9780735217867 fences.indd 42 11/1516 1:50 pm rose rose troy : rose troy : rose troy : rose ! ' troy : rose ! fence pick up a cover pie that she 's put on one of the chair . Troy come silently up the front step , grab Rose from behind . startle , she jump ! : Troy ! he laugh . : go on , now . you like to scared I to death . what be the score of the game ? Lucille have I on the phone and I could not keep up with it . what I care about the game ? come here , woman . he try to kiss she . : I think you go down Taylors 's to listen to the game . go on , Troy ! you suppose to be put up the fence . attempt to kiss she again . i’1l put it up when I finish with what be at hand . : go on , Troy . I be not study you . playfully chase after she . I be study you . . . fix to do my homework ! he lunge again , grab she . Troy , you better leave I alone . where 's cory ? that boy bring he butt home yet ? he 's in the house do he chore . 43 9780735217867 fences.indd 43 11/1516 1:50 pm august wilson roy ( calling ) : cory !! get you butt out here , boy ! ( with lust in he eye ) when you come back ? rose ( enjoying this ? ) I x11 be right back . roy : when ? Rose : I be just go down the street . as Rose leave , Troy turn , climb the step . ext . the backyard— day Troy come out of the house . he go to the tarp cover the lumber . cory come out onto the porch . moy : you just now come in here from leave this morning ? cory : yeah , I have to go to football practice . troy : yeah , what ? cory : yessir . mox : I be not but two second off you noway . the gar - bage sit in there overflow . . . you be not do none of you chore . . . and you come in here talk about , '' yeah . '' cory : I be just get ready to do my chore now , pop 44 9780735217867 fences.indd 44 11/1516 1:50 pm fence mroy : you first chore be to help I with this fence on Saturday . everything else come after that . now get that see and cut they board . cory take the see and begin cut the board . Troy continue work . there be a long pause . cory : hey , pop . . . why do not you buy a tv ? troy : what I want with a tv ? what I want one of they for ? cory : everybody get one . Earl , ba bra . . . jesse ! troy : I be not ask you who have one . I say what I want with one ? cory : so you can watch it . they get lot of thing on tv . Baseball game and everything . we could watch the World Series . troy : yeah . . . and how much this tv cost ? cory : I do not know . they get they on sale for around two hundred dollar . mroy : two hundred dollar , huh ? cory : that be not that much , pop . mx : naw , it 's just two hundred dollar . ( point with he pencil ) see that roof you get over you head at night ? let I tell you something about that roof . it 's be over ten year since that roof be last 45 9780735217867 fences.indd 45 11/1516 1:50 pm august wilson tar . see now ... the snow come this winter and sit up there on that roof like it be ... and it 's gonna seep inside . it 's just gonna be a light - tle bit . . . be not gonna hardly notice it . then the next thing you know , it 's gonna be leak all over the house . then the wood rot from all that water and you gonna need a whole new roof . now , how much you think it cost to get that roof tar ? cory ( stop sawinc ) : I do not know . mroy : two hundred and sixty - four dollar . . . cash money . while you think about a tv , I get to be think about the roof . . . and whatever else go wrong around here . now if you have two hundred dollar , what would you do ... fix the roof or buy a tv ? cory : I have buy a tv . then when the roof start to leak . . . when it need fix . . . I would fix it . cory hurl a finish plank aside and grab the next one . troy : where be you gonna get the money from ? you do spend it for a tv . you gonna sit up and watch the water run all over you brand - new tv. cory : aw , pop . you get money . I know you do . troy : where I get it at , huh ? cory : you get it in the bank . mroy : you wanna see my bankbook ? you wanna see that $ 73.22 I get sit up in there ? 46 9780735217867 fences.indd 46 11/1516 1:50 pm fence cory : you be not get to pay for it all at one time . you can put a down payment on it and carry it home with you . troy : not I . I be not gonna owe nobody nothing if I can help it . miss a payment and they come and snatch it right out you house . then what you get ? now , soon as I get two hundred dollar clear , then I 'il buy a tv . right now , as soon as I get two hundred and sixty - four dollar , I be gonna have this roof tar . cory : aw . . . pop ! troy : you go on and get you two hundred dollar and buy one if ya want it . I get better thing to do with my money . cory : I can not get no two hundred dollar . I be not never see two hundred dollar . troy : I / 1l tell you what . . . you get you a hundred dollar and I 'il put the other hundred with it . cory : all right , I be gonna show you . troy : you gonna show I how you can cut they board right now . cory begin to cut the board . there be a long pause . cory : the Pirates win today . that make five in a row . mroy : I be not think about the Pirates . get a all - white team . get that boy . . . that Puerto rican boy . . . clemente . do not even half - play he . 47 9780735217867 fences.indd 47 11/1516 1:50 pm august wilson that boy could be something if they give he a chance . play he one day and sit he on the bench the next . cory : he get a lot of chance to play . moy : I be talk about play regular . play ev- ery day so you can get you timing . that 's what I be talk about . cory : they get some white guy on the team that do not play every day . you can not play everybody at the same time . moy : if they get a white fellow sit on the bench . . . you can bet you last dollar he can not play ! the color guy get to be twice as good be - fore he get on the team . that 's why I do not want you to get all tie up in they sport . man on the team and what it get he ? they get color on the team and do not use they . same as not have they . all they team the same . cory : the brave get hank Aaron and wes covington . hank Aaron hit two home run today . that make forty - three . troy : hank Aaron be not nobody . that 's what you sup - pose to do . that 's how you suppose to play the game . ai not nothing to it . it 's just a matter of timing . . . get the right follow - through . Hell , I can hit forty - three home run right now ! cory : not off no major- league pitching , you could not . troy : we have better pitching in the negro league . I 48 9780735217867 fences.indd 48 11/1516 1:50 pm fence hit seven home run off of satchel paige . you can not get no better than that ! cory : Sandy koufax . he 's lead the league in strike - out . troy : I be not think of no Sandy koufax . cory : you get Warren spahn and lew burdette . I bet you could not hit no home run off of Warren spahn . mroy : I be through with it now . you go on and cut they board . ( pause ) you mama tell I you do get recruit by a college football team ? be that right ? cory : yeah . coach Zellman say the recruiter gonna be come by to talk to you . get you to sign the permission papers . troy : I think you suppose to be work down there at the a&p . ai not you suppose to be work down there after school ? cory : Mr. stawicki say he gonna hold my job for I until after the football season . say start next week I can work weekend . troy : I think we have a understanding about this football stuff ? you suppose to keep up with you chore and hold that job down at the a&p . ai not be around here all day on a Saturday . ai not none of you chore do . . . and now you tell - ing I you do quit you job . 49 9780735217867 fences.indd 49 11/1516 1:50 pm august wilson cory : I be gonna be work weekend . roy : you damn right you be ! and be not no need for nobody come around here to talk to I about signing nothing . cory : hey , pop . . . you can not do that . he 's come all the way from North Carolina . troy : I do not care where he come from . the white man be not gonna let you get nowhere with that foot - ball no way . you go on and get you book - learn so you can work yourself up in that a&p or learn how to fix car or build house or something , get you a trade . that way you have something can not nobody take away from you . you go on and learn how to put you hand to some good use . besides haul - ing people 's garbage . cory : I get good grade , pop . that 's why the recruiter want to talk with you . you get to keep up you grade to get recruit . this way I 'il be go to college . i’1l get a chance troy : first you gonna get you butt down there to the a&p and get you job back . cory : Mr. stawicki do already hire somebody else ' cause I tell he I be play football . mox : you a bigger fool than I think ... to let somebody take away you job so you can play some football . where you gonna get you money to take out you girlfriend and whatnot ? what kind of fool - ishness be that to let somebody take away you job ? 50 9780735217867 fences.indd 50 11/1516 1:50 pm fence cory : I be still gonna be work weekend . my : naw . . . naw . you get you butt out of here and find you another job . cory : come on , pop ! I get to practice . I can not work after school and play football too . the team need I . that 's what coach Zellman say troy : I do not care what nobody else say . I be the boss . . . you understand ? I be the boss around here . I do the only say what count . cory : come on , pop ! Troy come right up to cory , in he face . troy : I ask you . . . do you understand ? cory : yeah troy : what cory : yessir. moy : yessir. cory ( pause ) : can I ask you a question ? troy : what the hell you wanna ask I ? Mr. stawicki the one you get the question for . cory : how come you be not never like I ? troy : like you ? who the hell say I get to like you ? what law be there say I get to like you ? wanna stand up in my face and ask a damn fool - ass que - 51 9780735217867_fences.indd 51 11/1516 1:50 pm troy troy cory troy troy cory troy cory troy : cory : troy : cory : troy : cory : troy : august wilson tion like that . talk about like somebody . come here , boy , when I talk to you . cory hesitates , then go to Troy . : straighten up , goddamn it ! cory do . : I ask you a question . . . what law be there say I get to like you ? : none . : well , all right then ! do not you eat every day ? cory look down . : answer I when I talk to you ! do not you eat ev- ery day ? : yeah . : nigger , as long as you in my house , you put that sir on the end of it when you talk to I ! : yes ... sir . you eat every day . yessir ! get a roof over you head . yessir ! get clothes on you back . yessir . why you think that be ? 52 9780735217867 fences.indd 52 11/15/16 1:50 pm fence cory : ' Cause of you . troy : aw , hell , I know it 's ' cause of I . . . but why do you think that be ? cory ( ugsrvanz ) : ' Cause you like I . troy : like you ? I go out of here every morning bust my butt . . . put up with they cracker every day . . . 's cause I like you ? you about the biggest fool I ever see . it 's my job . it 's my be - sponsibility ! you understand that ? a man get to take care of he family . you live in my house sleep you behind on my bedclothes . . . fill you belly up with my food . . . ' cause you my son . Rose be in the kitchen , listen through the screen door . troy : you my flesh and blood . not ' cause I like you ' Cause it 's my duty to take care of you . I owe a responsibility to you ! let 's get this straight right here ... before it go along any fur - the ... I be not get to like you . Mr. rand do not give I my money come payday ' cause he like I . he give I ' cause he owe I . I do give you everything I have to give you . I give you you life ! I and you mama work that out be - tween we . and like you black ass be not part of the bargain . do not you try and go through life worry about if somebody like you or not . you best be make sure they do right by you . you understand what I be say , boy ? cory : yessir . 53 9780735217867 fences.indd 53 11/1516 1:50 pm august wilson mroy : then get the hell out of my face , and get on down to that a&p . cory run up the stair , yank open the screen door to discover Rose , stand there . he push past she , let the door slam . she come out onto the porch . rose ( coming down into the yard ) : why do not you let the boy go ahead and play football , Troy ? ai not no harm in that . he 's just try to be like you with the sport . moy : I do not want he to be like I ! I want he to move as far away from my life as he can get . you the only decent thing that ever happen to I . I wish he that . but I do not wish he a thing else from my life . he start to put away the sawhorse . mror : I decide seventeen year ago that boy be not get involved in no sport . not after what they do to I in the sport . rosze : Troy , why do not you admit you be too old to play in the major league ? for once ... why do not you admit that ? troy : what do you mean too old ? do not come tell I I be too old . I just be not the right color . Hell , I be fifty - three year old and can do better than selkirk 's .269 right now ! rosze : how 's be you gonna play ball when you be 54 9780735217867 fences.indd 54 11/1516 1:50 pm fence over forty ? sometimes I can not get no sense out of you . troy : I get good sense , woman . I get sense enough not to let my boy get hurt over play no sport . you be mother that boy too much . worried about if people like he . Rose : everything that boy do . . . he do for you . he want you to say , '' good job , son . '' that 's all . troy : Rose , I be not get time for that . he 's alive . he 's healthy . he 's get to make he own way . I make mine . ai not nobody gonna hold he hand when he get out there in that world . Rose : Times have change from when you be young , Troy . people change . the world 's change around you and you can not even see it . Roy ( slow , methodical ) : woman . . . I do the best I can do . I come in here every Friday . I carry a sack of potato and a bucket of lard . you all line up at the door with you hand out . I give you the lint from my pocket . I give you my sweat and my blood . I be not get no tear . I do spend they . we go up - stair in that room at night . . . and I fall down on you and try to blast a hole into forever . I get up Monday morning . . . find my lunch on the table . I go out . make my way . find my strength to carry I through to the next Friday . that 's all I get , Rose . Troy start into the house . mroy : that 's all I get to give . I can not give nothing else ! 55 9780735217867 fences.indd 55 11/1516 1:50 pm august wilson he go inside . the door swing shut behind he . Rose , alone , watch he go . int . CITY hall — afternoon we be move at a rapid walk pace look up at a ceiling fresco of wpa-era heroic worker figure lay sewer . the sound of footstep . the camera pan down to catch the back of a white deputy commissioner . he hurry past various businessman and - woman , all white , to find troy sit in the chair against the opposite wall , look nervous , hat in hand . deputy commisioner : Mr. maxson ? Troy stand . deputy commisioner : the commissioner will see you now . Close up on Troy 's face . cut to black screen in the black we hear Troy and bono . bono ( v.o. ) : he tell he the same thing he tell you . take it to the union . 56 9780735217867 fences.indd 56 11/1516 1:50 pm fence mroy ( v.o. ) : ( excited ) brownie be not get that much sense . man be not think about nothing . he wait until I confront they on it ... then he wanna come cry se - niority . ( call out ) rose ! hey rose ! ext . front of troy 's and rose 's house — afternoon Troy peacock , bono walk beside he . across the street , a couple of people look out of they window . bono : I wish I could have see Mr. rand 's face when he tell you . troy : he could not get it out of he mouth ! like to bit he tongue ! when they call I down there to the commissioner 's office . . . he think they be gonna fire I . like everybody else . pono : I do not think they be gonna fire you . I think they be gonna put you on the warning paper . ext . side yard — afternoon troy : hey rose ! ( to bono ) yeah , Mr. rand like to bit he tongue . 57 9780735217867 fences.indd 57 11/1516 1:50 pm august wilson pono : I see you run right down to Taylors 's and tell that alberta gal. roy ( calling ) : hey rose ! ( to bono ) I tell everybody . hey rose ! ( for bono ) I go down there to cash my check . ext . back yard — continuous Rose stick she head out of the kitchen window . Rose : hush all that holler , man ! I know you out here . what they say down there at the commission - er 's office ? Roy ( with mock pride ) : you suppose to come when I call you , woman . bono will tell you that . ( to bono ) do not Lucille come when you call she ? Rose : man , hush you mouth . I be not no dog . . . talk about . . . '' come when you call I . '' Rose pull she head back in and shut the window . Troy , still peacock , head up the step and make a show of open the back porch door for she . 58 9780735217867 fences.indd 58 11/1516 1:50 pm fence troy ( loud for rose to hear ) : you hear this , bono ? I have I a old dog use to get uppity like that . you say , '' c’mere , Blue ! '' . . . and he just lay there and look at you . Rose hurry out onto the back porch . end up get a stick and chase he away try - ing to make he come . Rose : I be not study you and you dog . I remember you use to sing that old song . roy ( he sinc : ) hear it ring ! hear it ring ! have a old dog he name be Blue . rose : do not nobody want to hear you sing that old song. troy ( singing ) : you know Blue be mighty true . rose : use to have cory run around here sing that song . bono : Hell , I remember that song myself . roy ( singing ) : you know Blue be a good old dog . Blue treed a possum in a hollow log . that be my daddy 's song . my daddy make up that song . rose : I do not care who make it up . do not nobody wanna hear you sing it . troy ( make a song like calling a pos ) : come here , woman . Rose : you come in here carry on , I reckon they 59 9780735217867 fences.indd 59 11/1516 1:50 pm august wilson be not fire you . what they say down there at the commissioner 's office ? troy ( put he arm around rose ) : look here , Rose ... Mr. rand call I into he office today when I get back from talk to they people down there it come from up top ... he call I in and tell I they be make I a driver . rosz : Troy , you kid ! troy : no I be not . ask bono . Rose : well , that 's great , Troy . now you do not have to hassle they people no more . Lyons come out from inside . moy : aw hell . . . I be not look to see you today . I think you be in jail . get it all over the front page of the courier about they raid see - fus 's place . . . where you be hang out with all they thug . Lyons : hey , pop ... that be not get nothing to do with I . I do not go down there gambling . I go down there to sit in with the band . I be not get nothing to do with the gambling part . they get some good music down there . mrox : they get some rogue . . . be what they get . tyon : how you be , Mr. bono ? hi , Rose . bono : I see where you play down at the Crawford Grill tonight . 60 9780735217867 fences.indd 60 11/1516 1:50 pm fence rose : how come you be not bring bonnie like I tell you . you should have bring bonnie with you , she be not be over in a month of Sunday . Lyons : I be just in the neighborhood . . . think I would stop by . troy : here he come bono : you daddy get a promotion on the rubbish . he 's gonna be the first color driver . ai not get to do nothing but sit up there and read the paper like they white fellow . Lyons come down the step and join they . Lyons : hey , pop . . . if you know how to read you would be all right . bono : naw . . . naw . . . you mean if the nigger know how to drive he have be all right . be fight with they people about drive and be not even get a license . Mr. rand know you be not get no driver 's license ? troy : driving be not nothing . all you do be point the truck where you want it to go . driving be not nothing . bono : do they know you be not get no driver 's license ? that 's what I be talk about . I be not ask if drive be easy . I ask if Mr. rand know you be not get no driver 's license . mroy : he be not get to know . the man be not get to know 61 9780735217867_fences.indd 61 11/1516 1:50 pm august wilson my business . time he find out , I have two or three driver 's license . lyon ( go into he pocket ) : say , look here , pop troy : I know it be come . do not I tell you , bono ? I know what kind of '' look here , pop '' that be . the nigger fix to ask I for some money . it 's Fri - day night . it 's my payday . all they rogue down there on the avenue . . . the one that be not in jail ... and Lyons be hopping in he shoe to get down there with they . Lyons take out a ten dollar bill and hold it out to Troy . Lyons : see , pop . . . if you have give somebody else a chance to talk sometime — you have see that I be fix - ing to pay you back you ten dollar like I tell you . here . . . I tell you I have pay you when bon - nie get pay . moy : naw . . . you go ahead and keep that ten dol - lar . put it in the bank . the next time you feel like you wanna come by here and ask I for some - thing . . . you go on down there and get that . Lyons : here 's you ten dollar , pop . I tell you I do not want you to give I nothing . I just want to borrow ten dollar . moy : naw . . . you go on and keep that for the next time you want to ask I . Lyons : come on , pop . . . here go you ten dollar . 62 9780735217867 fences.indd 62 11/1516 1:50 pm fence Lyons try again to hand the money to Troy . rose : why do not you go on and let the boy pay you back , Troy ? iyon : here you go , Rose . if you do not take it I be gonna have to hear about it for the next six month . he hand she the money . Rose : you can hand yours over here too , Troy . mroy : you see this bono , you see how they do I ? bono : yeah , Lucille do I the same way . Gabriel be hear sing gabriel : better get ready for the judgement ! better get ready for hey ! . . . hey ! there 's Troy 's boy ! Lyons : how you do , uncle gabe ? gabriel : Lyons . . . the King of the jungle ! he survey the backyard , find Rose , who 's come to greet he . cabriel : Rose . . . hey , Rose . get a flower for you . gabe rummages in he basket till he find a tear - off branch of a rise vine . he hand it to Rose . gabriel : picked it myself . that 's the same rise like you be ! 63 9780735217867 fences.indd 63 11/1516 1:50 pm august wilson rosze : that 's right nice of you , gabe . Lyons : what you be do , uncle gabe ? gabriel : oh , I be chase hellhound and wait on the time to tell Saint Peter to open the Gates . Lyons : you be chase hellhound , huh ? well you do the right thing , uncle gabe . somebody get to chase they . gabriel : oh , yeah . . . I know it . the devil 's strong . the devil be not no pushover . hellhound snipping at everybody 's heel . but I get my trumpet wait - ing on the judgment time . Lyons : wait on the Battle of armageddon , huh ? abriel : ai not gonna be too much of a battle when God get to wave that judgment sword . but the peo - ple 's gonna have a hell of a time try to get into Heaven if they Gates be not open . lyon ( putting he arm around gabriel ) : you hear this , pop ? uncle gabe , you all right ! gabriel ( laughing with lyon ) : Lyons ! King of the jungle . rose : you gonna stay for supper , gabe ? want I to fix you a plate ? gabriel : I ’1l1 just take a sandwich , Rose . do not want no plate . just wanna eat with my hand . i’1l take a sandwich . rose : how about you , Lyons ? you stay ? get some short rib cooking . 64 9780735217867 fences.indd 64 11/1516 1:50 pm fence Lyons : naw , I will not eat nothing till after we finish play . ( pause ) you ought to come down and listen to I play , pop. troy : I do not like that chinese music . all that noise . rose : go on in the house and wash up , gabe ... i’1l fix you a sandwich . gabriel ( t0 lyon as he goe inside ) : Troy 's mad at I . Lyons : what you mad at uncle gabe for , pop . rose : he think Troy 's mad at he 's cause he move over to miss Pearl 's . troy : I be not mad at the man . he can live where he want to live at . Lyons : what he move over there for ? miss Pearl do not like nobody . rose : she do not mind he none . she treat he real nice . she just do not allow all that sing . troy : she do not mind that rent he be pay that 's what she do not mind . Rose : Troy , I be not go through that with you no more . he 's over there 's cause he want to have he own place . he can come and go as he please . troy : Hell , he could come and go as he please here . I be not stop he . I be not put no rule on he . 65 9780735217867 fences.indd 65 11/1516 1:50 pm august wilson Rose : it be not the same thing , Troy . and you know it . now , that 's the last I wanna hear about that . I do not wanna hear nothing else about gabe and miss Pearl . and next week ( gabe call from the kitchen ) caprieL ( 0.s. ) : I be ready for my sandwich , Rose . rosze : and next week . . . when that recruiter come from that school ... I want you to sign that paper and go on and let cory play football . then that 'il be the last I have to hear about that . mroy ( 10 rosz as she goe into the kitchen ) : I be not think about cory nothing . lyon : what . . . cory get recruit ? what school he go to ? moy : that boy walk around here smell he piss ... think he 's grow . think he 's gonna do what he want , irrespective of what I say . look here , bono . . . I leave the commission - er 's office and go down to the a&p ... that boy be not work down there . he lie to I . telling I he get he job back . . . tell I he work weekend . . . tell I he work after school . . . Mr. stawicki tell I he be not work down there at all ! Lyons : cory just grow up . he 's just busting at the seam try to fill out you shoe . mroy : I do not care what he 's do . when he get to the 66 9780735217867 fences.indd 66 11/1516 1:50 pm fence point where he wanna disobey I . . . then it 's time for he to move on . bono will tell you that . I bet he be not never disobey he daddy without pay the consequence . Troy offer bono the bottle . bono take it . pono : I be not never have a chance . my daddy come on through . . . but I be not never know he to see he . . . or what he have on he mind or where he go . just move on through . search out the New land . that 's what the old folk use to call it . see a fellow move around from place to place ... woman to woman ... call it search out the New land . I can not say if he ever find it . I come along , do not want no kid . do not know if I be gonna be in one place long enough to fix on they right as they daddy . I fig - ure I be go search too . bono sip , hand the bottle to Lyons , who take a big swig . bono : as it turn out I be hook up with Lucille near about as long as you daddy be with Rose . go on sixteen year . troy : sometimes I wish I have not know my daddy . he be not care nothing about no kid . a kid to he be not nothing . all he want be for you to learn how to walk so he could start you to work - ing . when it come time for eat . . . he eat 67 9780735217867 fences.indd 67 11/1516 1:50 pm august wilson first . if there be anything leave over , that 's what you get . man would sit down and eat two chicken and give you the wing . Lyons : you ought to stop that , pop . everybody feed they kid . no matter how hard time be . . . ev- erybody care about they kid . make sure they have something to eat . troy : the only thing my daddy care about be get they bale of cotton in to Mr. lubin . that 's the only thing that matter to he . sometimes I use to wonder why he be live . wonder why the devil have not come and get he . '' get they bale of cot - ton in to Mr. lubin '' and find out he owe he money tyon : he should have just go on and leave when he see he could not get nowhere . that 's what I would have do . troy : how he gonna leave with eleven kid ? and where he gonna go ? he be not know how to do nothing but farm . no , he be trap and I think he know it . but I will say this for he . . . he feel a respon - sibility toward we . maybe he be not treat we the way I feel he should have . . . but without that responsibility he could have walk off and leave we . . . make he own way . bono : a lot of they do . back in that day what you talk about ... they walk out they front door and just take on down one road or another and keep on walk . 68 9780735217867 fences.indd 68 11/1516 1:50 pm fence tyon : there you go ! that 's what I be talk about . Troy offer bono the bottle . bono : just keep on walk till you come to something else . ai not you never hear of nobody have the walk blue ? well , that 's what you call it when you just take off like that . troy : my daddy be not have they walk blue ! what you talk about ? he stay right there with he family . but he be just as evil as he could be . my mama could not stand he . could not stand that evilness . she run off when I be about eight . ext . a alabama cotton field — day a sharp colorless memory fragment : troy 's father , a sharecropper , see from behind as he steer a plow pulled by a mule . troy ( v.o. ) : she sneak off one night after he have go to sleep . told I she be come back for I . I be not never see she no more . all he woman run off and leave he . he be not good for nobody . ext . the backyard — afternoon troy : when my turn come to head out , I be fourteen and get to sniff around Joe canewell 's daugh - ter . 69 9780735217867 fences.indd 69 11/1516 1:50 pm august wilson int . the kitchen — afternoon Rose sit next to Gabriel , eat a sandwich , he trumpet on the table . Rose be listen to Troy . moy ( 0.s. ) : have we a old mule we call greyboy . my daddy send I out to do some plow and I tie up greyboy and go to fool around with Joe canewell 's daughter . we do find we a nice spot , get real cozy with each other . she about thirteen and we do figure we be grow any - way ... so we down there enjoy we - selve . . . be not think about nothing . ext . a wood in alabama — day memory fragment , no color : the arm , shoulder , leg of a teenage girl , push aside low - grow new foliage , lie down on leave ; a quick glimpse of a pretty face ; she laughter hear underneath Troy 's voice : mroy ( v.o. ) : we do not know greyboy have get loose and wander back to the house and my daddy be look - ing for I . we down there by the creek enjoy ourselves when my daddy come up on we . 70 9780735217867 fences.indd 70 11/1516 1:50 pm fence ext . backyard — afternoon , troy : surprise we . he have they leather strap off the mule and commence to whupping I like there be no tomorrow . I jump up , mad and embarrassed . I be scared of my daddy . ext . a wood in alabama — day memory fragment : Troy 's father 's huge arm tear at branch , scrabbling after something that 's scramble away from he grasp hand . ext . the backyard — afternoon troy : when he commence to whupping on I . . . quite naturally I run to get out of the way . now I think he be mad ' cause I be not do my work . but I see where he be chase I off so he could have the gal for himself . when I see what the matter of it be , I lose all fear of my daddy . right there be where I become a man ... at fourteen year of age . ext . a wood in alabama — day memory fragment : the teenage girl , run , terrify , deeper into the wood ; Troy 's father 's back , he shirt 71 9780735217867_fences.indd 71 11/1516 1:50 pm august wilson be tear open by the stroke of a leather rein ; he arm raise against further lash . troy ( v.o. ) : now it be my turn to run he off . I pick up they same rein that he have use on I . I pick up they rein and commence to whupping on he . the gal jump up and run off . . . and when my daddy turn to face I , I could see why the devil have never come to get he Troy 's father grab the rein , lowering he arm ; a moment in which we see he face for the first time . moy ( v.o. ) : . . . ' cause he be the devil himself . int . the kitchen — afternoon Gabriel stand with he trumpet , sandwich in he other hand . Rose be still sit , transfix . ext . the backyard — afternoon mroy : I do not know what happen . when I wake up , I be lay right there by the creek , and Blue this old dog we have . . . be lick my face . I think I be blind . I could not see nothing . both my eye be swollen shut . I laid there and cry . I do not know what I be gonna do . 72 9780735217867 fences.indd 72 11/1516 1:50 pm fence he stop , lose someplace inside he head . troy : the only thing I know be the time have come for I to leave my daddy 's house . and right there the world suddenly get big . and it be a long time before I could cut it down to where I could handle it . gabe come out on the porch . a beat , then : Lyons : what you get there , uncle gabe ? gabriel : get I a ham sandwich . Rose give I a ham sandwich . troy : I do not know what happen to he . I do lose touch with everybody except Gabriel . but I hope he 's dead . I hope he find some peace . yon : that 's a heavy story , pop . I do not know you leave home when you be fourteen . the phone ring inside the house . iyon : fourteen 's kinda young to be out on you own . I do not know what I would have do . troy : I get up from the creek and walk on down to mobile . I be through with farming . ( stand , go to a safe place he bat , lean against the tree ) figure I could do better in the city . so I walk the two hundred mile to mobile . 73 9780735217867 fences.indd 73 11/1516 1:50 pm august wilson tyov : wait a minute . .. you be not walk no two hundred mile , pop . ai not nobody gonna walk no two hundred mile . you talk about some walk there . bono : that 's the only way you get anywhere back in they day . tyon : shhh . damn if I would not have hitched a ride with somebody ! mroy : who you gonna hitch it with ? they be not have no car and thing like they get now . swing he bat ... troy : we talk about 1918 . Rose come out onto the porch . Rose : what you all out here get into ? roy ( ro rosz ) : I be tell Lyons how good he get it . he do not know nothing about this I be talk . rosz : Lyons , that be bonnie on the phone . she say you suppose to pick she up . Lyons : yeah , okay , Rose . mroy : I walk on down to mobile and hitched up with some of they fellow that be head this way . get up here and find out . . . not only could not you get a job . . . you could not find no place to live . I think I be in freedom . shhh . color folk live down there on the riverbank in whatever kind of shelter they could find for they - 74 9780735217867 fences.indd 74 11/1516 1:50 pm fence selve . right down there under the brady Street Bridge . live in shack make of stick and tar paper . here we go . troy : mess around there and go from bad to worse . start steal . first it be food . then I fig - ure , hell , if I steal money I can buy I some food . buy I some shoe too ! one thing lead to another . met you mama . I be young and anxious to be a man . met you mama and have you . what I do that for ? Lyons be unsure if he father be joke . troy : now I get to worry about feed you and she . get to steal three time as much . go out one day look for somebody to rob ... that 's what I be , a robber . I will tell you the truth . I be ashamed of it today . but it 's the truth . go to rob this fellow . . . pull out my knife and he pull out a gun . shot I in the chest . it feel just like somebody have take a hot brand iron and laid it on I . when he shot I I jump at he with my knife . they tell I I kill he and they put I in the penitentiary and lock I up for fifteen year . that 's where I meet bono . that 's where I learn how to play baseball . get out that place and you mama have take you and go on to make a life without I . Lyons listen , completely absorb . 75 9780735217867 fences.indd 75 11/1516 1:50 pm august wilson moy : Fifteen year be a long time for she to wait . but that fifteen year cure I of that robbing stuff . ( look at Rose ) Rose 's 1ll tell you . she ask I when I meet she if I have get all that foolishness out of my system . and I tell she , '' baby , it 's you and base - ball all what count with I . '' you hear I , bono ? I mean it too . she say , '' which one come first ? '' I tell she , '' baby , be not no doubt it 's base - ball . . . but you stick and get old with I and we will both outlive this baseball . '' be I right , Rose ? and it 's true . rosze : man , hush you mouth . you be not say no such thing . talk about , '' baby , you know you will al - way be number one with I . '' that 's what you be talk . troy : you hear that , bono . that 's why I love she . bono : Rose 'il keep you straight . you get off the track , she will straighten you up . Rose head to the kitchen . rose : Lyons , you better get on up and get bonnie . she wait on you . Lyons : hey , pop , why do not you come on down to the Grill and hear I play ? troy : I be not go down there . I be too old to be sit - ting around in they club . 76 9780735217867 fences.indd 76 11/1516 1:50 pm fence bono : you get to be good to play down at the Grill . iyon : come on , pop troy : I get to get up in the morning . iyon : you be not get to stay long . mroy ( stanpinc ) : naw , I be gonna get my supper and go on to bed . Lyons : well , I gotta go . i’1l see you again . Lyons head into the house . troy : do not you come around my house on my payday . int . the kitchen — late afternoon Rose be cooking . rose : pick up the phone and let somebody know you com - ing . and bring bonnie with you . you know I be al - way glad to see she . Troy and bono come into the kitchen . iyon : yeah , I 'il do that , Rose . you take care now . see you , pop . see you , Mr. bono. ( call through the screen door ) see you , uncle gabe . gabe call in from outside : casrre , ( 0.s. ) : Lyons ! King of the jungle ! Lyons grab he guitar and leave . 77 9780735217867 fences.indd 77 11/1516 1:50 pm august wilson troy ( mu rose ) : be supper ready , woman ? I and you get some business to take care of . I be gonna tear it up too . rose : Troy , I do tell you now ! Troy put he arm around bono . mroy : aw hell , woman ... this be bono . bono like family . I do know this nigger since . . . how long I do know you ? bono : it 's be a long time . mroy : I do know this nigger since skippy be a pup . I and he do be through some time . bono : you sure right about that . mroy : Hell , I do know he longer than I know you . and we still stand shoulder to shoulder . hey , look here , bono . . . a man can not ask for no more than that . I love you , nigger . bono : Hell , I love you too . . . but I get to get home see my woman . you get yours in hand . I get to go get mine . ext . maxson house — front porch bono go out onto the front porch . Troy follow . they stop when a helmet come fly in Troy 's direction . cory stand in the middle of the street , dress in he football uniform , he 78 9780735217867 fences.indd 78 11/1516 1:50 pm fence give Troy a hard , uncompromising look . cory : what you do that for , pop ? Rose come out . Rose : what 's the matter ? cory . . . what 's the mat - ter ? cory : papa do go up to the school and tell coach Zellman I can not play football no more . would not even let I play the game . told he to tell the recruiter not to come . Rose : Troy mroy : what you troying I for . yeah , I do it . and the boy know why I do it . cory : why you wanna do that to I ? that be the one chance I have . Rose : ai not nothing wrong with cory play football , Troy . troy : the boy lie to I . I tell the nigger if he wanna play football . . . to keep up he chore and hold down that job at the a&p . that be the condition . stop down there to see Mr. St - awicki cory : I can not work after school during the football season , pop ! I try to tell you that Mr. stawic - ki 's hold my job for I . you do not never want to listen to nobody . and then you wanna go and do this to I ! 719 9780735217867 fences.indd 79 11/1516 1:50 pm august wilson troy : I be not do nothing to you . you do it to yourself Gabriel be stand across the street . he lift the trumpet to he lip and try to blow . no sound come out . cory : just ' cause you do not have a chance ! you just scared I be gonna be better than you , that 's all . Troy come down onto the street . cory back away a little . troy : come here . cory reluctantly go over to Troy . rose ( coming down the step ) : Troy mroy : all right ! see . you do make a mistake . cory : I do not even do nothing ! mroy : I be gonna tell you what you mistake be . the football helmet be on the street next to Troy . he kick it with he foot and send it tumble down the hill . mor : see . . . you swing at the ball and do not hit it . that 's strike one . see , you in the batter 's box now . you swing and you miss . that 's strike one . Troy close the distance , he face leer , terrifying . cory try not to flinch . Troy hiss in cory 's ear : troy : do not you strike out ! 80 9780735217867 fences.indd 80 11/1516 1:50 pm fence ext . backyard — the following morning close up : we see a baseball swinging like a pendulum , in and out of focus . cory be at the tree hit the ball with the bat . he try to mimic Troy but he swing be awkward , less sure . Rose watch . . . cory swing again , miss . rose : cory , I want you to help I with this cupboard . cory : I be not quit the team . I do not care what poppa say . Rose : i’1l talk to he when he get back . he have to go see about you uncle gabe . the police do be - rest he . say he be disturbing the peace . he will be back directly . come on in here and help I clean out the top of this cupboard . cory go into house . Rose see Troy and bono enter the backyard from the side yard . Rose : Troy . . . what they say down there ? troy : ai not say nothing . I give they fifty dollar and they let he go . I will talk to you about it . where 's cory ? Rose : he 's in there help I clean out this cup - board . troy : tell he to get he butt out here . 81 9780735217867_fences.indd 81 11/1516 1:50 pm august wilson Rose go into the house . Troy and bono make they way over to the pile of wood . roy : all they want be the money . that make six or seven time I do go down there and get he . see I come they stick out they hand . bono : yeah . I know what you mean . that 's all they care about ... that money . they do not care about what 's right . ( pause ) nigger , why you get to go and get some hard wood ? you be not do nothing but building a lit- tle old fence . get you some soft pine wood . that 's all you need . rox : I know what I be do . this be outside wood . you put pine wood inside the house . pine wood be in - side wood . this here be outside wood . now you tell I where the fence be gonna be ? bono : you do not need this wood . you can put it up with pine wood and it 's 1ll stand as long as you gonna be here look at it . troy : how you know how long I be gonna be here , nigger ? Hell , I might just live forever . live longer than old man horsely . pono : that 's what magee use to say . moy : magee 's a damn fool . now you tell I who you 82 9780735217867 fences.indd 82 11/1516 1:50 pm fence ever hear of gonna pull they own tooth with a pair of rusty plier . bono : the old folk . . . my granddaddy use to pull he tooth with plier . they be not have no dentist for the color folk back then . troy : get clean plier ! you understand ? clean plier ! sterilize they ! besides we be not live back then . all magee have to do be walk over to Doc goldblum 's s. they start to work ... or not . bono : I see where you and that tallahassee gal that alberta . . . I see where you all do get tight . troy : what you mean '' get tight '' ? bono : I see where you be laugh and joke with she all the time . troy : I laugh and joke with all of they , bono . you know I . bovo : that be not the kind of laugh and joke I be talk about . cory come out from the house . cory : how you do , Mr. bono ? troy : get that see from bono and cut some wood . he talk about the wood 's too hard to cut . ( to bono ) 83 9780735217867 fences.indd 83 11/1516 1:50 pm august wilson stand back there , Jim , and let that young boy show you how it 's do . bono : he 's sure welcome to it . cory go to bono , who hand he the see . cory saw fast finish in second , put the next board in place and saw . bono : whew -e-e ! look at that . Big old strong boy . look like Joe Louis . Hell , must be get old the way I be watch that boy whip through that wood . cory : I do not see why mama want a fence around the yard noway . mroy : damn if I know either . what the hell she keep out with it ? she be not get nothing nobody want . bono : some people build fence to keep people out and other people build fence to keep people in . Rose want to hold on to you all . she love you . moy : Hell , nigger , I do not need nobody to tell I my wife love I . cory . . . go on in and see if you can find that other see . cory : where 's it at ? troy : I say find it ! look for it till you find it ! cory go into the house . Troy turn to bono troy : what 's that suppose to mean ? wanna keep we in ? bono ( bono lead troy out of earshot ) : Troy . . . I do 84 9780735217867 fences.indd 84 11/1516 1:50 pm fence know you seem like damn near my whole life . you and Rose both . I do know both of you all for a long time . I remember when you meet Rose . when you be hit they baseball out the park . a lot of they old gal be after you then . you have the pick of the litter . when you pick Rose , I be happy for you . that be the first time I know you have any sense . I say ... my man Troy know what he 's do ... I be gonna follow this nigger . . . he might take I somewhere . I be follow you too . I do learn a whole heap of thing about life watch you . I do learn how to tell where the shit lie . how to tell it from the alfalfa . you do learn I a lot of thing . you show I how to not make the same mistake . . . to take life as it come along and keep put one foot in front of the other. ( pause ) Rose a good woman , Troy . troy : Hell , nigger , I know she a good woman . I be marry to she for eighteen year . what you get on you mind , bono ? bono : I just say she a good woman . just like I say anything . I be not get to have nothing on my mind . troy : you just gonna say she a good woman and leave it hang out there like that ? why you tell I she a good woman ? bono : she love you , Troy . Rose love you . 85 9780735217867 fences.indd 85 11/1516 1:50 pm august wilson troy : you say I do not measure up . that 's what you try to say . I do not measure up ' cause I be see - ing this other gal . I know what you try to say . pono : I know what Rose mean to you , Troy . I be just try to say I do not want to see you mess up . mroy : yeah , I appreciate that , bono . if you be mess - ing around on Lucille I have be tell you the same thing . bono : well , that 's all I get to say . I just say that because I love you both . Troy take this in . mroy : Hell , you know I . . . I be not out there look - ing for nothing . you can not find a better woman than Rose . I know that . but seem like this woman just stick on to I where I can not shake she loose . I do wrestle with it , try to throw she off I . . . but she just stick on tighter . now she 's stick on for good . bono : you 's in control . . . that 's what you tell I all the time . you responsible for what you do . moy : I be not ducking the responsibility of it . as long as it set right in my heart . .. then I be okay . ' Cause that 's all I listen to . it will tell I right from wrong every time . and I be not talk about do Rose no bad turn . I love Rose . she do carry I a long way and I love and respect she for that . pono : I know you do . that 's why I do not want to see 86 9780735217867 fences.indd 86 11/1516 1:50 pm fence you hurt she . but what you gonna do when she find out ? what you get then ? if you try and juggle both of they . . . sooner or later you gonna drop one of they . that 's common sense . mroy : yeah , I hear what you say , bono . I be try - ing to figure a way to work it out . bono ( leaning in . . . ) : work it out right , Troy . I do not want to be get all up between you and Rose 's business . . . but work it so it come out right . troy : aw hell , I get all up between you and Lucille 's business . when you gonna get that woman that be - frigerator she be want ? do not tell I you be not get no money now . I know who you banker be . Mellon do not need that money bad as Lucille want that refrigerator . i’1l tell you that . pono : tell you what I 'il do ... when you finish building this fence for Rose . . . 1711 buy lu - cille that refrigerator . troy : you do stick you foot in you mouth now ! Troy stand up , grab up a board and begin to see . bono start to walk out of the yard . mor : hey , nigger . . . where you go ? bono : I be go home . I know you do not expect I to help you now . I be protect my money . I wanna see you put up that fence by yourself . that 's what I want to see . 87 9780735217867 fences.indd 87 11/1516 1:50 pm august wilson ( climb the step ) you will be here another six month without I . mroy : nigger , you be not right bono : when it come to my money ... I be right as firework on the fourth of July . mroy ( calling after he ) : all right , we gonna see now . you better get out you bankbook int . basement—afternoon cory sit on a crate , do curl with barbell make from can , cement and a pipe , a old see in the dirt at he foot . above he , bono 's footstep and the kitchen door open and shut . ext . the backyard — afternoon Troy continue to work . Rose come out from the kitchen Rose : what they say down there ? what 's happen with gabe ? mroy : I go down there and get he out . cost I fifty dollar . say he be disturbing the peace . judge set up a hearing for he in three week . say to show cause why he should not be recommitted . Rose : well , what 's you say ? what have you tell the judge ? 88 9780735217867 fences.indd 88 11/1516 1:50 pm fence troy : told he I have look after he . it do not make no sense to recommit the man . he stick out he big greasy palm , and tell I to give he fifty dollar and take he on home . Rose : where 's he at now ? where have he go off to ? troy : he 's go on about he business . he do not need nobody to hold he hand . rose : well , I do not know . seem like that would be the best place for he if they do put he into the hospital . I know what you be gonna say . but that 's what I think would be best . troy : the man do have he life ruin fight for what ? and they wanna take and lock he up . let he be free . he do not bother nobody . rose : well , everybody get they own way of look at it I guess . come on and get you lunch . I get a bowl of lima bean and some cornbread in the oven . come on get something to eat . ai not no sense you fretting over gabe. mroy : Rose . . . get something to tell you . rose : well , come on . . . wait till I get this food on the table . Rose turn to go into the house . Troy follow . 89 9780735217867 fences.indd 89 11/1516 1:50 pm august wilson int . kitchen — afternoon Troy : Rose . she turn around . mroy : I do not know how to say this . ( pause ) I can not explain it none . it just sort of grow on you till it get out of hand . it start out like a little bush . . . and the next thing you know it 's a whole forest . Rose : Troy . . . what be you talk about ? troy : I be talk , woman , let I talk . I be try to find a way to tell you . . . I be gonna be a daddy . I be gonna be somebody 's daddy . Rose : Troy . . . you be not tell I this ? you be gonna be . . . what ? troy : Rose . . . now ... see Rose : you tell I you gonna be somebody 's daddy ? you tell you wife this ? from out in the back yard , Gabriel call : casriel ( 0.s. ) : hey , Troy ! hey , Rose ! rose : I have to wait eighteen year to hear something like this . 90 9780735217867 fences.indd 90 11/1516 1:50 pm fence Gabriel enter from the back porch . he carry a rise in he hand . gabriel : hey , Rose . . . I get a flower for you . ( he hand it to she ) that 's a rise . same rise like you be . rose : thanks , gabe . gabriel : Troy , you be not mad at I be you ? they bad mens come and put I away . you be not mad at I be you ? troy : naw , gabe , I be not mad at you . rose : eighteen year and you wanna come with this . gabriel ( take a quarter out of he pocket ) : see what I get ? get a brand - new quarter . troy : Rose . . . it 's just rose : ai not nothing you can say , Troy . ai not no way of explain that . gabriel : fellow that give I this quarter have a whole mess of they . I be gonna keep this quarter till it stop shine . Rose : gabe , go on up front now . I get some watermelon in the frigidaire . i’1l get you a piece . gabriel : say , Rose . . . you know I be chase hell - hound and they bad mens come and get I and take I away . Troy help I . he come down there and 91 9780735217867 _fences.indd 91 11/1516 1:50 pm august wilson tell they they better let I go before he beat they up . yeah , he do ! rose : you go on up front and I 'il get you a piece of watermelon , gabe . they bad mens be go now . gabriel : okay , Rose . . . gonna bring I some water - melon . the kind with the stripe on it . Gabriel go up to the front room . then : rosze : why , Troy ? why ? after all this year to come drag this in to I now . it do not make no sense at you age . I could have expect this ten or fifteen year ago , but not now . troy : Age be not get nothing to do with it , Rose . rosze : I do try to be everything a wife should be . everything a wife could be . be marry eighteen year and I get to live to see the day you tell I you be see another woman and do fa- thered a child by she . and you know I be not never want no half - nothing in my family . my whole family be half . everybody get different father and mother . . . my two sister and my brother . can not hardly tell who 's who . can not never sit down and talk about papa and mama . it 's you papa and you mama and my papa and my mama troy : Rose . . . stop it now . rosze : I be not never want that for none of my chil - dren . and now you wanna drag you behind in here and tell I something like this . 92 9780735217867 fences.indd 92 11/1516 1:50 pm fence mroy : you ought to know . it 's time for you to know . rose : well , I do not want to know , goddamn it ! Rose , suffocating , head outside . Troy follow . int . basement—afternoon muffled sound . . . cory not sure what he be hearing . ext . backyard — afternoon , mroy : I can not just make it go away . it 's do now . I can not wish the circumstance of the thing away . rose : and you do not want to either . maybe you want to wish I and my boy away . maybe that 's what you want ? well , you can not wish we away . I have get eighteen year of my life invest in you . you ought to have stay upstairs in my bed where you belong . troy : Rose . . . now listen to I . . . we can get a handle on this thing . we can talk this out come to a understanding . Rose : all of a sudden it 's '' we . '' where be '' we '' at when you be down there roll around with some godforsake woman ? '' we '' should have come to a understanding before you start make a damn 93 9780735217867 fences.indd 93 11/1516 1:50 pm august wilson fool of yourself . you be a day late and a dollar short when it come to a understanding with I . moy : it 's just ... she give I a different idea ... a different understanding about my - self . I can step out of this house and get away from the pressure and problem . . . be a dif - ferent man . I be not get to wonder how I be gonna pay the bill or get the roof fix . I can just be a part of myself that I be not never be . Rose : what I want to know . . . be do you plan to con - tinue see she . that 's all you can say to I . mroy : I can sit up in she house and laugh . do you un - derstand what I be say . I can laugh out loud . . . and it feel good . it reach all the way down to the bottom of my shoe . ( pause ) Rose , I can not give that up . rosze : maybe you ought to go on and stay down there with she . . . if she a better woman than I . moy : it be not about nobody be a better woman or nothing . Rose , you be not to blame . a man could not ask for no woman to be a better wife than you have be . I be responsible for it . I do lock my - self into a pattern try to take care of you all that I forget about myself . rosz : what the hell be I there for ? that be my job , not somebody else 's . 94 9780735217867 fences.indd 94 11/1516 1:50 pm fence troy : Rose , I do try all my life to live de - cent ... to live a clean ... hard ... use - ful life . I try to be a good husband to you . in every way I know how . maybe I come into the world backwards , I do not know . but . . . you bear with two strike on you before you come to the plate . you get to guard it closely . . . always look for the curveball on the inside corner . you can not afford to let none get past you . you can not afford a call strike . int . front room — afternoon Gabriel sit , immobile . ext . backyard— continuous mroy : if you go down . . . you go down swing - ing . everything line up against you . what you gonna do . I fool they , Rose . I bunt . when I find you and cory and a halfway decent job I be safe . could not nothing touch I . I be not gonna strike out no more . I be not go back to the penitentiary . I be not gonna lay in the street with a bottle of wine . I be safe . I have I a family . a job . I be not gonna get that last strike . I be on first look for one of they boy to knock I in . to get I home . rose : you should have stay in my bed , Troy . 95 9780735217867 fences.indd 95 11/1516 1:50 pm august wilson mroy : then when I see that gal . . . she firme up my backbone . and I get to think that if I try . . . I just might be able to steal second . do you understand , after eighteen year I want to steal second . rose : you should have hold I tight . you should have grab I and hold on . mroy : I stand on first base for eighteen year and I think . . . well , goddamn it ... go on for it ! rosz : we be not talk about baseball ! we be talk about you go off to lay in bed with another woman . . . and then bring it home to I . that 's what we be talk about . we be not talk about no baseball . troy : Rose , you be not listen to I . I be try the best I can to explain it to you . it 's not easy for I to admit that I be stand in the same place for eighteen year . rosz : I be stand with you ! I be right here with you , Troy . I get a life too . I give eighteen year of my life to stand in the same spot with you . do not you think I ever want other thing ? do not you think I have dream and hope ? what about my life ? what about I ? do not you think it ever cross my mind to want to know other man ? that I want to lay up somewhere and forget about my responsibility ? that I want someone to make I laugh so I could feel good ? 96 9780735217867 fences.indd 96 11/1516 1:50 pm fence int . basement cory move toward the basement window , try to hear he mother and father . ext . backyard— continuous rose : you not the only one who 's get want and need . but I hold on to you , Troy . I take all my feel - ing , my want and need , my dream . . . and I bury they inside you . I plant a seed and watch and pray over it . I plant myself in - side you and wait to bloom . and it do not take I no eighteen year to find out the soil be hard and rocky and it be not never gonna bloom . int . the front room Gabriel lift up he trumpet , hold it high in tremble hand . his mouth be wide-open . ext . backyard— continuous rose : but I hold on to you , Troy . I hold you tighter . you be my husband . I owed you everything I have . every part of I I could find to give you . and up - stair in that room . . . with the darkness fall - ing in on I . . . I give everything I have to try and erase the doubt that you be not the finest man 97 9780735217867 fences.indd 97 11/1516 1:50 pm troy : rose : troy : rose : troy rose troy : cory : rose : troy : august wilson in the world , and wherever you be go ... I want to be there with you . 's Cause you be my husband . ' Cause that 's the only way I be gonna survive as you wife . you always talk about what you give . . . and what you do not have to give . but you take too . you take . . . and do not even know nobody 's give ! Rose head toward the house . Troy grab she arm . you say I take and do not give ! Troy ! you be hurt I ! you say I take and do not give . Troy . . . you be hurt my arm ! let go . : I do give you everything I get . do not you tell that lie on I . : Troy ! do not you tell that lie on I ! cory rush out of the house . mama ! Troy . you be hurt I . do not you tell I about no take and give . cory come up from behind Troy and try to tackle he . Troy , surprised , be throw off balance just as cory throw a glance blow that catch 98 9780735217867 fences.indd 98 11/1516 1:50 pm fence he on the chest and knock he down . Troy be stunne , as be cory . Rose : Troy . Troy . no ! Troy get to he foot and start at cory . Rose : Troy . . . no. please ! Troy ! Rose pull on Troy to hold he back . Troy stop himself . troy ( 70 cory ) : all right . that 's strike two . you stay away from around I , boy . do not you strike out . you live with a full count . don ’t you strike out ! six month sequence we hear Little Jimmy Scott 's '' Day by Day somewhere Dead leave fall . ext . backyard early winter , the first fence post be up . cory work out feverishly . 99 9780735217867 fences.indd 99 11/1516 1:50 pm august wilson ext . backyard Winter , snow . Cross beam connect the post , and the first vertical picket begin to shut out the abandon house . int . dine room a empty room , the table be set . ext . backyard — night Troy bundle against the linger cold , work alone . Rose watch he from the kitchen window . int . taylors 's bar Troy drink heavily in a crowded bar . ext . backyard March : more picket , the fence half do . int . church Rose kneel in prayer . 100 9780735217867 fences.indd 100 11/1516 1:50 pm fence ext . cemetery gabe sit among the tombstone eat a sandwich . ext . the front of the house — morning it 's early April , and the weather 's cool . Rose , look tired , wear a light jacket and scarf over she head . she lock the front door and start down the step . she stop to pull weed from among the daffodil she 's grow in the planter - can . ext . sanitation yard — later that . afternoon Men stream out of the garage , Troy among they . he see something that make he stop . Rose be across the street , wait for he . he cross the street slowly . they stand look at one another ; then : Rose : Troy , I want to talk to you . troy : all of a sudden , after all this time , you want to talk to I , huh ? you be not want to talk to I for month . you be not want to talk to I last 101 9780735217867_fences.indd 101 11/1516 1:50 pm august wilson night . you be not want no part of I then . what you wanna talk to I about now ? Rose look around at the man who glance at she and Troy as they pass by . rose : tomorrow 's Friday . troy : I know what day tomorrow be . you think I do not know tomorrow 's Friday ? my whole life I be not do nothing but look to see Friday come and you get to tell I it 's Friday . rosze : I want to know if you be come home . troy : I always come home , Rose . you know that . there be not never be a night I be not come home . Rose : that be not what I mean . . . and you know it . I want to know if you be come straight home after work . mroy : I figure I have cash my check . . . hang out at tay - lor 's with the boy . . . maybe play a game of checker rosz : Troy , I can not live like this . I will not live like this . you livin’ on borrow time with I . it 's be go on six month now you be not be com - ing home . moy : I be home every night . every night of the year . that 's 365 day . Rose : I want you to come home tomorrow after work . 102 9780735217867 fences.indd 102 11/1516 1:50 pm fence troy : Rose . . . I do not mess up my pay . you know that now . I take my pay and I give it to you . I do not have no money but what you give I back . I just want to have a little time to myself . . . a light - tle time to enjoy life . Rose : what about I ? when 's my time to enjoy life . mroy : I do not know what to tell you , Rose . I be do the best I can . rose : you be not be come home from work but time enough to change you clothes and run out and you wanna call that the best you can do ? troy : I be go over to the hospital to see alberta . she go into the hospital this afternoon . look like she might have the baby early . I will not be go long . Troy start to walk away . rose ( stopping he ) : well , you ought to know . they go over to miss Pearl 's and get gabe today . she say you tell they to go ahead and lock he up . he come back . troy : I be not say no such thing . whoever tell you that be tell a lie . Pearl be not do nothing but tell a big fat lie . rose : she be not have to tell I . I read it on the pa- per . roy : I be not tell they nothing of the kind . 103 9780735217867 fences.indd 103 11/1516 1:50 pm august wilson Rose : I see it right there on the papers . roy : what it say , huh ? rosze : it say you tell they to take he . mroy : then they screw that up , just the way they screw up everything . I be not worried about what they get on the paper . rosz : say the government send part of he check to the hospital and the other part to you . troy : I be not get nothing to do with that if that 's the way it work . I be not make up the rule about how it work . Rose : you do gabe just like you do cory . you would not sign the paper for cory . . . but you sign for gabe . you sign that paper . mroy : I tell you I be not sign nothing , woman ! the only thing I sign be the release form . Hell , I can not read , I do not know what they have on that paper ! I be not sign nothing about send gabe away . a few man from the garage be watch across the street . rosze : I say send he to the hospital . . . you say let he be free ... now you do go down there and sign he to the hospital for half he money . you go back on yourself , Troy . you gonna have to answer for that . moy : see now . . . you be over there talk to 104 9780735217867 fences.indd 104 11/1516 1:50 pm fence miss Pearl . she do get mad 's cause she be not get gabe 's rent money . that 's all it be . she 's liable to say anything . Rose : Troy , I see where you sign the paper . troy : you be not see nothing I sign . what she do get papers on my brother anyway ? miss Pearl tell - ing a big fat lie . and I be gonna tell she about it too ! Troy start to walk away ... turn around troy : you be not see nothing I sign ! say . . . you be not see nothing I sign ! Rose disappointed , walk away . close up on Troy , we hear a phone ringing as we cut to int . day room — western psychiatric hospital — day the ringing phone continue over this : close up on gabe , hospital pajamas , clean up , haggard , sedate . a hand bring a spoonful of mashed carrot to gabe 's lip . he open he mouth . a ruckus in the corridor outside scare he ; he close he mouth . then he look at the person who 's hold the spoon , and open he mouth again . the spoon go in . 105 9780735217867 fences.indd 105 11/1516 1:50 pm august wilson Troy sit across from gabe , a bowl of mashed carrot on he lap , feed he brother . gabe swallow , then grin . the ringing continue over this , and into : int . rose and troy 's bedroom — late night lightn flash . the phone 's ringing downstairs . Rose , barely awake , switch on a small bedside table lamp , then hurry down to the phone . Troy open he eye as he hear Rose answer it , then silence . Troy sit up as she climb the stair . cory call from he room : cory ( o.s. ) : mama ? Rose murmur to cory , come in the bedroom , close the door . Rose : Troy . . . that be the hospital . alberta have the baby . troy : what she have ? what be it ? Rose : it 's a girl . Troy stand , he start get dress . troy : I better get on down to the hospital to see she . 106 9780735217867 fences.indd 106 11/1516 1:50 pm fence Rose : Troy troy : Rose . . . I get to go see she now . that 's only right ... what 's the matter ... the baby 's all right , be not it ? rose : alberta die have the baby . Roy ( conruse ) : die . . . you say she 's dead ? alber - to 's dead ? rosz : they say they do all they could . they could not do nothing for she . Roy ( stunned , off balance ) : the baby ? how 's the baby ? Rose : they say it 's healthy . Troy look around as if try to locate the door . Rose do not know what to do . rose : I wonder who 's gonna bury she . troy : she have family , Rose . she be not live in the world by herself . rose : I know she be not live in the world by she - self . troy : next thing you gonna want to know if she have any insurance . Rose : Troy , you be not get to talk like that . mroy : that 's the first thing that jump out you mouth . '' who 's gonna bury she ? '' like I be fix to take on that task for myself . 107 9780735217867 fences.indd 107 11/1516 1:50 pm august wilson Rose : I be you wife . do not push I away . mroy : I be not push nobody away . ( start to put on he shoe ) just give I some space . that 's all . one shoe on , the other in he hand , he stand and turn on Rose with control fury . mrox : just give I some room to breathe ! Rose be shocked by he demand . she turn , close the door , and leave the room . alone , Troy realize he 's hold he shoe . he sit heavily on the bed and put it on . as he do he start talk to himself . moy : all right ... Mr. death . see now ... I be gonna tell you what I be gonna do . I be gonna take and build I a fence around this yard . he go to the window and throw it open . he lean out , breathe hard , look down into the dark yard , the abandon house beyond the fence . he feel the darkness pull at he , make he lean farther out . he tighten he grip on the windowsill , and say to the darkness : troy : see ? I be gonna build I a fence around what be - long to I . and then I want you to stay on the 108 9780735217867 fences.indd 108 11/1516 1:50 pm fence other side . see ? you stay over there until you be ready for I . light start to come on and window be be open in the neighbor 's house . troy : then you come on . bring you army . bring you sickle . bring you wrestle clothes . I be not gonna fall down on my vigilance this time . you be not gonna sneak up on I no more . a few people call : '' shut up ! '' '' be you crazy ? '' '' stop make a racket ! '' etc . troy : when you ready for I . . . when the top of you list say Troy maxson . . . you come up and knock on the front door . ai not nobody else get nothing to do with this . we see the close door behind Troy . then we be on the other side of the door , on the landing . Rose be lean hard against the door , hand on the knob , want to go in but know she must not . Troy 's voice be loud even through the door. mroy ( 0.8 . ) : this be between you and I . cory come out of he room . he walk to he mother as Troy shout : mroy ( o.s. ) : man to man . you stay on the other side of that fence until you ready for I . 109 9780735217867 fences.indd 109 11/1516 1:50 pm august wilson cory ( sormiy , scarep ) : mama , what 's s— Rose turn to cory , shake she head - '' do not talk '' and try to push he back toward he room . he will not go . Rose hold on to he , and they listen , not move . mroy ( 0.s. ) : then you come up and — ext . the backyard — late night we be look up at Troy , lean out the window , shouting : troy : — and you knock on the front door ! anytime you want ! ( wait for a response ) I will be ready for you ! Troy wait again ; no response . he draw himself back into the room , close the window . he open the bedroom door . Rose and cory be there . no one know what to say . Troy pass he wife and son . they hear he descend the stair , then the front door open and slam shut . 110 9780735217867 fences.indd 110 11/1516 1:50 pm fence ext . the backyard— 1 week later — afternoon in the kitchen , the radio 's on : open Day for the Pirates . the broadcast play throughout the scene . Rose be on she knee , weed the garden . she hear the back door open and look toward the porch . Troy be there , hold a small , fair-skinn rranr i he arm . troy : Rose . . . I be stand here with my daughter in my arm . she be not but a wee bitty little old thing . she do not know nothing about grownup 's busi - ness . she innocent . . . and she be not get no mama . rose ( climbing the step ) : what you tell I for , Troy ? she pass Troy and go into the kitchen . Troy stand still . the radio blare the baseball game . from inside , the sound of run water , then kitchen clatter , then the sound of a knife chopping something , hard . the baby start to fret . Troy jounce she a little , talk to she , sit on the bottom step . 111 9780735217867_fences.indd 111 11/1516 1:50 pm august wilson moy : well . . . I guess we will just sit out here on the porch . ( call back into the house , to Rose ) a man 's get to do what 's right for he . I be not sorry for nothing I do . it feel right in my heart . Troy wait for a response . the chopping continue . the baby cry . Troy wipe he finger on he shirt and hold a knuckle to she mouth . she fasten on he knuckle . something that look like a smile pass across she face . mroy : what you smile at ? you daddy 's a big man . get this great big old hand . but sometimes he 's scared . and right now you daddy 's scared ' cause we sit out here and be not get no home . oh , I be homeless before . I be not have no little baby with I . but I be homeless . the chopping have stop . int . the kitchen — afternoon Rose have chop a large pile of okra . she hold the knife , listen . 112 9780735217867 fences.indd 112 11/1516 1:50 pm fence ext . the back porch — afternoon rox : you just be out on the road by you lonesome and you see one of they train come and you just kinda go like this ( sing , as a lullaby ) please , Mr. engineer , let a man ride the line please , Mr. engineer , let a man ride the line I be not get no ticket please let I ride the blind . Rose come out . Troy stand . troy : she 's my daughter , Rose . my own flesh and blood . I can not deny she no more than I can deny they boy . ( pause ) you and they boy be my family . you and they and this child be all I get in the world . so I guess what I be say be . . . I have appreciate it if you have help I take care of she . Rose : okay , Troy . . . you be right . I will take care of you baby for you ... ' cause . . . like you say ... she 's innocent ... and you can not visit the sin of the father upon the child . a motherless child have get a hard time . she take the baby . 113 9780735217867 fences.indd 113 11/1516 1:50 pm august wilson Rose : from right now . . . this child get a mother . but you a womanless man . Rose go back into the house with the baby . Troy remain , freeze . over this , the sound of a truck idling . ext . a STREET in a wealthy neighborhood — 1 month later — early morning the lawn and tree along the street be bright spring green . a garbage truck idle as two young african - american collector lift and empty can . Troy 's in the driver 's seat , bored , lonely . through he rearview mirror he watch the collector talk , laugh . a group of white high school student come out of one of the house , clowning , chat , several boy in varsity jacket . Troy watch they . then he 's startle by a loud thump from the back : in he rearview mirror , the collector step on board . he shift into first gear and the truck roll through the wealthy neighborhood . 114 9780735217867 fences.indd 114 11/1516 1:50 pm fence ext . the backyard — afternoon Troy come in through the side yard to the sound of a bat hit a baseball . cory , in he a&p uniform , fake bow - tie dangle from he open collar , be hit the ball . the moment cory see Troy , he stop . Troy look ready to say something . cory toss the bat away , carelessly . make a show of it he button he collar , clip the tie into place , and walk out the right side alley , all without give he father a glance . Troy go to the bat , pick it up and put it into its proper place against the tree . he turn and head into the house . int . kitchen / front entrance — afternoon Troy come into the kitchen , which look different : it 's cluttere with baby bottle , nipple , a high chair . two steaming pot and one cold cover pot be on the stove , the heat turn off . Rose , dress up , hold the baby in one arm , from which a purse hang , stuff with diaper and two warm bottle . with she free hand Rose pick up the cake . 115 9780735217867 fences.indd 115 11/1516 1:50 pm august wilson mroy : I be come in and everybody 's go out . Rose : I be take this cake down to the church for the bake sale . Lyons be by to see you . he stop by to pay you you twenty dollar . it 's lay in there on the table . Troy take he pay from he pocket . moy : well . . . here go this money . as Rose leave the kitchen with the baby and the cake : rose : put it in there on the table , Troy . I will get it . his money still in he hand , Troy follow she to the front door , which he open for she . mrox : what time you come back ? Rose : ai not no use in you study I . it do not matter what time I come back . troy : I just ask you a question , woman . what 's the matter . . . can not I ask you a question ? Rose : Troy , I do not want to go into it . she step out onto the front porch . he start to follow , but she stop in the doorway . she put the cake down on one of the porch chair , turn to he : Rose : you dinner 's in there on the stove . all you get to do be heat it up . and do not you be eat the rest of they cake in there . I be come back for 116 9780735217867 fences.indd 116 11/1516 1:50 pm fence they . we have a bake sale at the church tomor - row . Rose shut the door firmly . Troy stand there , listen to she go down the step . he stand alone in the empty house , unsure of what to do . he flap the money he 's hold . he go to the dining room table and put he cash next to Lyons 's twenty . he pocket the twenty and start for the door . int . taylors 's bar — late afternoon Troy sit alone at the bar , a generous glass of gin before he . he take a sip . someone pull out the stool next to he and start to sit . Troy look . it 's bono . bono : hey , troy. troy : hey , what 's happen , bono ? bono : I just think I have stop by to see you . be not no one at the house , so I figure - troy : what you stop by and see I for ? you be not stop by the house in a month of Sunday . Hell , I must owe you money or something . bono : since you get you promotion I can not keep up 117 9780735217867 fences.indd 117 11/1516 1:50 pm august wilson with you . use to see you every day . now I do not even know what route you work . moy : they keep switch I around . get I out in greentree now . . . haul white folk 's garbage . bono : greentree , huh ? you lucky , at least you be not get to be lift they barrel . damn if they be not get heavier . I be gonna put in my two year and call it quit . moy : I be think about retire myself . bono : you get it easy . you can drive for another five year . troy : it be not the same , bono . it be not like work the back of the truck . ai not get nobody to talk to ... feel like you work by yourself . naw , I be think about retire . bono nod . a awkward silence . troy : how 's Lucille ? pono : she all right . her arthritis get to act up on she sometime . saw Rose on my way here . she go - ing down to the church , huh ? moy : yeah , she take up go down there . all they preacher look for somebody to fatten they pocket . ( beat ) get some gin here . pono : naw , thanks . I just stop in to say hello . 118 9780735217867 fences.indd 118 11/1516 1:50 pm fence my : Hell , nigger . . . you can take a drink . I be not never know you to say no to a drink . you be not get to work tomorrow . bono : I just stop by . I be fix to go over to skin - ner 's . we get we a domino game go over he house every Friday . troy : nigger , you can not play no domino . I use to whup you four game out of five . bono : well , that learn I . I be get better . mroy : yeah ? well , that 's all right . bono : look here . . . I get to be get on . Troy nod as bono slide down off the bar stool . bono : stop by sometime , huh ? troy : yeah , I will do that , bono . bono slap Troy on the back and start to go . troy ( not wanting to be alone ) : Lucille tell Rose you buy she a new refrigerator . bono : yeah , Rose tell Lucille you have finally build you fence . . . so I figure we have call it even . troy : I know you would . bono : yeah . . . okay . i’1l be talk to you . mroy : yeah , take care , bono . good to see you . I be gonna stop over . 119 9780735217867 fences.indd 119 11/1516 1:50 pm august wilson bono : yeah . okay , Troy . bono leave . Troy downs the rest of he drink in one swallow . under he breath , he start to sing : mroy ( stowny ) : hear it ring ! hear it ring ! have a old dog he name be Blue . ext . wylie avenue — recruitment office — twilight Troy 's sing continue over this : troy ( v.o. ) : you know Blue be mighty true you know Blue be a good old dog cory walk home from work in he a&p uniform . he pass a armed force recruiting office . in the window , a poster : a big , handsome white Marine , above he : we aren ’t looking for just anyone . moy ( v.o. ) : Blue treed a possum in a hollow log you know from that he be a good old dog and below : we might be look for you . cory stare at it for a long time , as Troy 's sing continue : ext . back yard — twilight cory approach the house . he stop when he hear he father sing . 120 9780735217867 fences.indd 120 11/1516 1:50 pm troy : cory : troy : cory : troy : cory troy : fence Old Blue die and I dig he grave let he down with a golden chain cory head into the yard . Troy sit in the middle of the back step , block they . the pint bottle in he hand be nearly empty . every night when I hear old Blue bark ! ( pause ) Blue treed a possum in noah 's ark ! cory look to the right , consider go around to the front . then he decide not to . he walk up to the step . I get to get by . say what ? what 's you say ? you in my way . I get to get by . you get to get by where ? this be my house . buy and pay for . in full . take I fifteen year . and if you wanna go in my house and I be sit on the step ... you say excuse I . like you mama teach you . : come on , pop . . . I get to get by . cory start to maneuver he way past Troy . Troy grab he leg and shove he back . you just gonna walk over top of I ? 121 9780735217867_fences.indd 121 11/1516 1:50 pm august wilson cory : I live here too ! moy : you just gonna walk over top of I in my own house ? Troy stand , advance on cory , who back away , then stop . cory : I be not scared of you . troy : I be not ask if you be scared of I . I ask you if you be fix to walk over top of I in my own house ? that 's the question . you be not gonna say excuse I ? you just gonna walk over top of I ? cory : if you wanna put it like that . troy : how else be I gonna put it ? cory : I be walk by you to go into the house ' cause you sit on the step drunk , sing to you - self . you can put it like that . rox : without say excuse I ??? cory do not respond . troy : I ask you a question . without say excuse I ??? cory : I be not get to say excuse I to you . you do not count around here no more . mroy : oh , I see . . . I do not count around here no more . you be not get to say excuse I to you daddy . all of a sudden you do get so grow that you daddy do not count around here no more around here in he own house and yard that he do 122 9780735217867 fences.indd 122 11/1516 1:50 pm fence pay for with the sweat of he brow . you do get so grow to where you gonna take over . you gonna take over my house . be that right ? you gonna wear my pants . you gonna go in there and stretch out on my bed . you be not get to say excuse I ' cause I do not count around here no more . be that right ? cory ( he ’ss have enough ) : that 's right . you always talk this dumb stuff . now , why do not you just get out my way . troy : I guess you get someplace to sleep and something to put in you belly . you get that , huh ? you get that ? that 's what you need . you get that , huh ? cory : you do not know what I get . you be not get to worry about what I get . troy : you right ! you one hundred percent right ! I do spend the last seventeen year worry about what you get . now it 's you turn , see ? I will tell you what to do . you grow . . . we do estab - lished that . you a man . now , let 's see you act like one . turn you behind around and walk out this yard . and when you get out there in the al - ley . . . you can forget about this house . see ? " Cause this be my house . you go on and be a man and get you own house . you can forget about this . 's Cause this be mine . you go on and get yours " cause I be through with do for you . cory : you talk about what you do for I what would you ever give I ? troy : they foot and bone ! that pump heart , nigger ! 123 9780735217867 fences.indd 123 11/1516 1:50 pm august wilson I give you more than anybody else be ever gonna give you . cory : you be not never give I nothing ! you be not never do nothing but hold I back . afraid I be gonna be better than you . all you ever do be try and make I scared of you . I use to tremble every time you call my name . every time I hear you foot - step in the house . wonder all the time what 's papa gonna say if I do this ? . . . what 's he gonna say if I do that ? . . . what 's papa gonna say if I turn on the radio ? and mama , too she try . . . but she 's scared of you . moy : you leave you mama out of this . she be not get nothing to do with this . cory : I do not know how she stand you . . . after what you do to she . toy : I tell you to leave you mama out of this ! Troy advance toward cory . cory : what you gonna do . . . give I a whupping ? you can not whup I no more . you be too old . you just a old man . Troy grab cory 's shirt and pull cory to he . mror : nigger ! that 's what you be ! you just another nigger on the street to I ! Troy throw cory backward in the dirt . cory : you crazy ! you know that ? 124 9780735217867 fences.indd 124 11/1516 1:50 pm fence troy : go on now ! you get the devil in you . get on away from I ! cory : you just a crazy old man . . . talk about I get the devil in I . Troy advance on cory . troy : yeah , I be crazy ! if you do not get on the other side of that yard ... I be gonna show you how crazy I be ! goon. . . get the hell out of my yard . cory : it be not you yard . you take uncle gabe 's money he get from the Army to buy this house and then you put he out . troy : get you black ass out of my yard ! Troy 's advance back cory up against the tree . cory grab up the bat . cory : I be not go nowhere ! come on . . . put I out ! I be not scared of you . troy : that 's my bat ! cory : come on ! Troy walk toward cory . troy : put my bat down ! cory : come on , put I out ! cory swing at Troy , who back across the yard . cory : what 's the matter ? you so bad . . . put I out ! Troy advance toward cory . 125 9780735217867 fences.indd 125 11/1516 1:50 pm august wilson cory ( backing up ) : come on ! come on ! you be gonna have to use it ! you wanna draw that troy ! you be gonna have to use it . bat back on I cory : come on ! come on ! cory swing that bat at Troy a second time . he miss . Troy continue to advance toward he . troy : you be gonna have to kill I ! you wanna draw that bat back on I . you be gonna have to kill I . cory , back up against the tree , can go no farther . Troy taunt he . he stick out he head and offer he a target . troy : come on ! come on ! cory be unable to swing the bat . Troy grab it . mrox : then 1711 show you . cory and Troy struggle over the bat . the struggle be fierce and fully Troy ultimately be the engage . and take the bat from cory stronger , and stand over he ready to swing . he stop himself . go on and get away from around my house . cory , stung by he defeat , pick 126 9780735217867 fences.indd 126 11/1516 1:50 pm fence himself up , walk slowly out of the yard and up the alley . cory : tell mama I 'il be back for my thing . troy ( calling after he ) : they 'il be on the other side of that fence ! Troy start toward the tree with the bat , staggering , sick exhaust , he mouth horribly dry . he try to moisten it with this tongue : no use . troy : I can not taste nothing . hallelujah ! I can not taste nothing no more . he assume a bat posture and begin to taunt death , the fastball in the outside corner . troy : come on ! it 's between you and I now ! a static-y growl start , building into a roar . Troy taunt the pitcher as the light give way to complete darkness : troy : come on ! anytime you want ! come on ! I be ready for you . . . but I be not gonna be easy . black screen in the blackness , Rose 's voice : Rose ( v.o. ) : raynell ! raynetl ( v.o. ) : ma’ be ? 127 9780735217867 fences.indd 127 11/1516 1:50 pm august wilson Rose ( v.o. ) : what you do out there ? raynetl ( v.o. ) : nothing . title : 1965 Rose ( v.o. ) : girl , get in here and get dress . what you do ? ext . the backyard—morning the sky be gray , dark cloud roll in . raynell , 7 , in she nightgown , kneel in rise 's garden , which be now much larger . she look up at the bedroom window . raynell : see if my garden grow . Rose lean out of the window , she hair up , wear black . rose : I tell you it be not gonna grow overnight . you get to wait . raynell : it do not look like it never gonna grow . dag ! Rose : I tell you a watch pot never boil . raynell : this be not even no pot , mama . rose : get in here and get dress . this be not no morn - ing to be play around . you hear I ? raynell : yes , mar ’am . 128 9780735217867 fences.indd 128 11/1516 1:50 pm fence int . the kitchen and front room — morning raynell dawdle past bono and Lyons in dark suit , drink coffee . she start upstairs . there 's a knock at the door . she look up to see if she mother be come to answer it . she decide to answer it herself , but it open . cory come in . he 's 25 now , a Marine corporal . he carry a duffel bag . raynell stare at he in he dress uniform , agog . cory : hi. ( pause ) I bet you name be raynell . raynell ? uh-huh . cory : be you mama home ? raynell : mama . . . there 's some man down here . mama ? raynell fly up the stair . cory put down he bag and look around . Rose : cory ? cory ! Lord have mercy ! Rose run down , then stop , look at she son . she call back into the kitchen : rose : look here , you all ! 129 9780735217867 fences.indd 129 11/1516 1:50 pm august wilson she run to cory , and they embrace . bono and Lyons come in from the kitchen . raynell watch from midway on the stair . bono : aw , looka here Rose step back , look at he , wiping tear away . rose : done get all grow up ! cory : do not cry , mama . what you cry about ? rose : I be just so glad you make it . cory : hey , Lyons . how you do , Mr. bono . tyon : look at you , man . look at you . do not he look good , Rose . get they corporal stripe . ros : what take you so long ? cory : you know how the Marines be , mama . they get to get all they paperwork straight before they let you do anything . Rose : well , I be sure glad you make it . they let Lyons come . you uncle gabe 's still in the hospital . they do not know if they gonna let he out or not . I just talk to they a little while ago . Lyons : a corporal in the United States Marines . bono : you daddy know you have it in you . he use to tell I all the time . Lyons : do not he look good , Mr. bono ? 130 9780735217867 fences.indd 130 11/1516 1:50 pm fence bono : yeah , he remind I of Troy when I first meet he . ( pause ) say , Rose , Lucille 's down at the church with the choir . I be gonna go down and get the pallbear - er line up . I will be back to get you all . rose : thanks , jim. cory : see you , Mr. bono . bono go out the front door . no one speak . then Lyons point to raynell on the stair . Lyons : cory , look at raynell . ai not she precious ? she gonna break a whole lot of heart . raynell hide behind the banister . Rose : raynell , come and say hello to you brother . this be you brother , cory . you remember cory . raynell : no , mar ’am . cory : she do not remember I , mama . rose : well , we talk about you . she hear we talk about you . this be you brother , cory. ( to raynell ) come on and say hello . raynell : hi. cory : hi. so you be raynell . mama tell I a lot about you . 131 9780735217867_fences.indd 131 11/1516 1:50 pm august wilson rose ( starting for the kitchen ) : you all c’mon and let I fix you some breakfast . keep up you strength . cory : I be not hungry , mama . Lyons : you can fix I something , Rose . i’1l be there in a minute . rose ( to cory ) : cory , you sure you do not want nothing . I know they be not feed you right . cory : no , mama . . . thanks . I do not feel like eat - ing . i’1l get something later . rose : raynell . . . get on upstairs and get that dress on like I tell you . raynell scramble upstairs as Rose go into the kitchen . Lyons ( pausz ) : I always know you be gonna make some - thing out yourself . you head be always in the right direction . so . . . you gonna stay in make it a career . . . put in you twenty year ? cory : I do not know . I get six already , I think that 's enough . Lyons : stick with uncle Sam and retire early . ai not noth - ing out here . I guess Rose tell you what happen with I . they get I down the workhouse . I think I be be slick cash other people 's check . cory : how much time you do ? yon : they give I three year . I get that beat now . I be not get but nine more month . it be not so bad . 132 9780735217867 fences.indd 132 11/1516 1:50 pm fence you learn to deal with it like anything else . you get to take the crooked with the straight . that 's what papa use to say . he use to say that when he strike out . I see he strike out three time in a row . . . and the next time up he hit the ball over the grandstand . right out there in homestead field . he be not satisfied hit in the seat . . . he want to hit it over every - thing ! after the game he have two hundred people stand around wait to shake he hand . you get to take the crooked with the straight . yeah , papa be something else . cory : you still play ? Lyons : cory . . . you know I be gonna do that . there 's some fellow down there we get we a band . . . we gonna try and stay together when we get out but yeah , I be still play . Rose call from the kitchen : rosz : Lyons , I get this egg in the pan . iyon : let I go on and get this egg , man . get ready to go bury papa . ( a beat , then ) how you do ? you do all right ? cory nod . Lyons touch he on the shoulder and they share a moment of silent grief . Lyons go into the kitchen . cory look up to the top of the stair and see raynell , in she 133 9780735217867 fences.indd 133 11/1516 1:50 pm august wilson dress , study he with excited curiosity . raynell : hi. cory : hi. she come down a couple of step , curious . raynell : do you use to sleep in my room ? cory : yeah . . . that use to be my room . raynell : that 's what papa call it . '' cory 's room . '' it get you football in the closet . Rose call from the kitchen rose : raynell , get in there and get they good shoe on ! raynell : mama , can not I wear this ? they other one hurt my foot . Rose : well , they just gonna have to hurt you foot for a while . you be not say they hurt you foot when you go down to the store and get they . raynell : they do not hurt then . my foot do get big - ger . rose : do not you give I no back talk now . you get in there and get they shoe on . raynell look at she brand - new brother . . . reluctantly , she obey she mother . cory make he way to the 134 9780735217867 fences.indd 134 11/1516 1:50 pm fence kitchen , pass he brother who be wiping he plate clean . int . kitchen—morning cory enter the kitchen . he look at the photo on the wall notice that JFK and Martin luther King have be add next to the photo of Jesus . he look at he mother , then head out into the yard . ext . backyard—morning cory come down the step into the yard , take it all in . he see Troy 's bat lean against the tree . he walk toward it as he hear rose ( as she come down back step ) : ai not too much change . he still get that piece of rag tie to that tree . he be out here swinging that bat . I be just ready to go back in the house . he swing that bat and then he just fall over . seem like he swing it and stand there with this grin on he face . . . and then he just fall over . they car - rie he on down to the hospital but I know there be not no need . . . why do not you come on in the house . cory : mama . . . I get something to tell you . I do not 135 9780735217867 fences.indd 135 11/1516 1:50 pm august wilson know how to tell you this . . . but I have get to tell you . . . I be not go to papa 's funeral . rosze : Boy , hush you mouth . that 's you daddy you talk about . I do not want hear that kind of talk this morning . I do raise you to come to this ? you stand there all healthy and grow talk about you be not go to you daddy 's funeral ? cory : mama . . . listen Rose : I do not want to hear it , cory . you just get that think out of you head . cory : I have get to say no to he . one time in my life I have get to say no . rosze : do not nobody have to listen to nothing like that . I know you and you daddy be not see eye to eye , but I be not gotta listen to that kind of talk this morning . disrespect you daddy be not gonna make you a man , cory . you get to find a way to come to that on you own . not go to you daddy 's funeral be not gonna make you a man . cory look around , try to find what to say . then : cory : the whole time I be grow up . . . live in he house . . . papa be like a shadow that fol - low you everywhere . it weigh on you and sink into you flesh . it would wrap around you and lay there until you could not tell which one be you anymore . that shadow digging in you flesh . try to crawl in . try to live through you . I be just 136 9780735217867 fences.indd 136 11/1516 1:50 pm fence say I have get to find a way to get rid of that shadow , mama . rose : you just like he . you get he in you good . cory : do not tell I that , mama . rose : you Troy maxson all over again . cory : I do not want to be Troy maxson . I want to be I . Rose : you can not be nobody but who you be , cory . that shadow be not nothing but you grow into you - self . you either get to grow into it or cut it down to fit you . but that 's all you get to make life with . that 's all you get to measure yourself against that world out there . you daddy want you to be everything he be not . . . and at the same time he try to make you into everything he be . I do not know if he be right or wrong but I do know he mean to do more good than he mean to do harm . she stop , overwhelm . cory put he hand on she hand . she take he hand , squeeze it , turn it over , hold on . rose : sometimes when he touch he bruise . and some - time when he take I in he arm he cut . ( beat ) when I first meet you daddy I think , '' here be aman I can lay down with and make a baby . '' that 's the first thing I think when I see he '' Rose Lee , here be a man that you can open you - 137 9780735217867 fences.indd 137 11/1516 1:50 pm august wilson self up to and be fill to burst . here be a man that can fill all they empty space you be tip - ping around the edge of . '' ( beat ) when you daddy walk through the house he be so big he fill it up . that be my first mistake . not to make he leave some room for I . but I want a house that I could sing in , and that 's what you daddy give I . I do not know to keep up he strength I have to give up little piece of mine . I take on he life as mine and mix up the piece so that you could not hardly tell which be which anymore . it be my choice . it be my life and I do not have to live it like that . but that 's what life offer I in the way of be a woman and I take it . I grab hold of it with both hand . by the time raynell come into the house . . . I do not want to make my bless off of nobody 's misfor - tune , but I take on to raynell like she be all they baby I have want and never have . the phone ring . rosze : like I have be bless to relive a part of my life . and if the Lord see fit to keep up my strength . . . I be gonna do she just like you daddy do you . . . I be gonna give she the best of what 's in I . raynell come out with she old shoe on . raynell ? mama . . . reverend tolliver on the phone . 138 9780735217867 fences.indd 138 11/1516 1:50 pm fence Rose go into the house . raynell : hi. cory : hi. raynell : you in the Army or the Marines ? cory : Marines . raynell : papa say it be the Army . do you know Blue ? cory : Blue ? who 's Blue ? raynell : papa 's dog what he sing about all the time . cory ( singing ) : hear it ring ! hear it ring ! I have a dog he name be Blue you know Blue be mighty true you know Blue be a good old dog Blue treed a possum in a hollow log you know from that he be a good old dog . hear it ring ! raynell , embarrassed , delighted , join in . cory and raynell ? Blue treed a possum out on a limb Blue look at I and I look at he grab that possum and put he in a sack Blue stay there till I come back Old Blue 's feet be big and round never allow a possum to touch the ground . Old Blue die and I dig he grave I dig he grave with a silver spade let he down with a golden chain 139 9780735217867 fences.indd 139 11/1516 1:50 pm august wilson and every night I call he name go on Blue , you good dog you go on Blue , you good dog you raynell : Blue laid down and die like a man Blue laid down and die cory ( strucelin ) : Blue laid down and die like a man now he 's treeing possum in the Promised land . cory and raynell : I be gonna tell you this to let you know Blue 's go where the good dog go . Rose come to the door . Rose : cory , we gonna be ready to go in a minute . cory ( t0 raynell ) : you go on in the house and change they shoe like mama tell you so we can go to pa - pa 's funeral . raynell : okay , I 'il be back . raynell hurry into the house . cory get up , cross over to the tree . Rose stand at the screen door watch he . she take a look at the threat - ening sky , about to return to the house , when she see Gabriel . he 's older but healthier , more vi - tal , in a new suit and a hat . one arm be behind he back . Rose be speechless with surprise . gabriel : hey , Rose ! rose : gabe ? gabriel : I be here , Rose . hey Rose , I be here . 140 9780735217867 fences.indd 140 11/1516 1:50 pm fence Rose : Lord ( call back to the house ) look here , Lyons ! Lyons , then bono come out from the house . Lyons : see , I tell you , Rose . . . I tell you they have let he come . cory : how you do , uncle gabe ? Lyons : how you do , uncle gabe ? Gabriel look at each of they , then back to Rose . he take he hand from behind he and hold he trumpet aloft . gabriel : hey , Rose . it 's time . it 's time to tell Saint Peter to open the Gates . not know what she 's agree to , Rose nod . gabriel : Troy , you ready ? Gabriel wait for a answer . raynell come out on the porch and hide behind Rose , shy . gabe smile at she , and she return he smile . gabriel : you ready , Troy . I be gonna tell Saint Peter to open the Gates . you get ready now . Gabriel put the trumpet to he lip , two decade of wait for this moment 141 9780735217867_fences.indd 141 11/1516 1:50 pm august wilson finally over . he inhale and blow into the horn . no sound . Gabriel blow again , a huge effort : nothing . then gabe begin to dance , slow and strange , eerie , skeletal and life - give , a dance of atavistic signature and ritual . Lyons go to gabe , embrace he , try to stop he . Gabriel push Lyons away . he point the trumpet at the ground and inhale as he arc the horn upwards till he 's on he toe , close he eye , put the mouthpiece to he lip ; Gabriel blow once more , and : from the tarnish , batter bell of the break trumpet come a ear - split note , grow higher and louder till it 's almost like a woman 's scream . in the cloud directly above gabe , a small aperture open up and a pillar of brilliant light descend , bathing Gabriel and he horn in gold . the trumpet 's blast stop ; the silence be huge and abrupt . close -up : Gabriel , he face raise up , bath in light . he lower he trumpet . he say to God : casriel : that 's the way that go ! 142 9780735217867 fences.indd 142 11/1516 1:50 pm fence the camera begin to pull away , up and up . Rose go to Gabriel , raynell follow behind she . then raynell run ahead of she mother . close - up : raynell 's small hand take hold of gabe 's hand . the camera be high above the yard ; the man have go inside , and Rose be behind they . raynell lead Gabriel behind Rose . ext . front porch bono leave the house first , follow by cory and Lyons . twenty black car wait at the curb , a flower car behind they , and then the hearse . neighbor have begin gather on both side of the street . bono go to the first car as Lyons get into the second . cory wait outside by the open car door . raynell come out of the house , lead gabe ; bono motion for she to come to the first car , and she do . he open the rear door for they , and raynell and gabe get in . Rose come out of the house , bono watch . she walk up to cory , grab 143 9780735217867 fences.indd 143 11/1516 1:50 pm august wilson he and hold he tight . she get in the car and cory climb in after she . bono give the roof of the car a loud slap , then climb in and shut the door . the first car pull out ; the other follow . people line the street . Men take off they hat as the funeral cortege go down the hill . Beyond the Hill , the tower of Pittsburgh rise . 144 9780735217867 fences.indd 144 11/1516 1:50 pm