a dark year adaptation & dialogue by fatmir koci & Pierre gautard base on the short novel viti I mbrapshte by Ismail kadare current revision ( nickel draft ) co-production albania / France / Belgium kkogi production ( tirana ) , ciné - sud promotion ( Paris ) , entre Chien et loup ( bruxelle ) contact ciné - sud promotion 130 rue de turenne - 75003 Paris tél. + 33 1 44 54 54 77 - fax : + 33 1 44 54 05 02 - email : cine-sud@noos sacd 179830 register wga ext . village of moker . south -eastern albania . sunset . 1 a comet cross the sky . stun mountain landscape . tiny stone house spread along the mountain slope . garden and orchard of the village house , with the tree in bloom . spring . bird be chirp , sheep bleat , dog bark . caption : spring 1914 South East albania the comet cross the sky . Movie title : a dark year base on the novel '' viti i mbrapshté '' by Ismail kadare dissolve / credit ext . cafe . nightfall . 2 the village café with three table on the outside . only man dress up in traditional costume and carry gun can be see . this be shestan verdha , cute benja , tod allamani , and alush gjati . the other man , who be not as well dress as the first , be follow the conversation . the four friend drink raki and smoke they tobacco . everyone be look up at the comet in the sky . alush where you think it 's go to fall ? cute what ? alush the comet . nobody answer . cute I wish it could fall on England , on London I wish it could fall . so that that border map of the balkan could burn down to ash . shestan stop talk nonsense , cute ; it 's not go to fall anywhere . cute then what be it do up there ? ( continued ) s.2 p.2. shestan just come round and round . cute round and round , just like we here : leave home to come to the café , and then leave the café to go back home ... shestan do not you ever stop ? doské mokrari enter the café , with a elongate pumpkin in hand . doske this be how the comet look : like a pumpkin . he pull out a knife , cut the pumpkin in half and throw the seed on the table . he shout . doske ( cont have ) get up , you moron ; let 's go and save albania , because she be in such a horrible mess already ... and you have time to waste with that harlot up there in the sky ?... cute benja be the most nervous of they all . he hit the ground with he tufte green-hide shoe . the chicken scatter away . Dust be raise . with a short stick he draw a line around he foot , something like a_ map . cute here you be ! I draw a line around my foot , and what do I get ? I get albania . she 's no bigger than this tufte shoe of mine . shestan listen here : even the Queen of England and the King of France know that albania be here . they say they have lose the state seal , they have lose the map , and the border be nowhere to be find : nobody 's get a clue how to get they back . and you know why ? because the Greek pull the rope on he side , and the albanian pull the rope on he side , and then here come somebody else - say a serb or a macedonian - and do away with the marker at night . then what 's next be that everybody go to pull out they gun , and it 's damn over . ( continued ) 2 the man nod . cute hey , hey , wait a minute . you want to drive I insane ? how come this border issue be so hard to figure out ? wherever you have albanian that 's where the border should be trace . no more albanian , the land be not ours . everyone nod approvingly . cute ( cont would ) do you really think this land be starve for a king so much that they take the trouble to order we one in Europe ? what do you make of it ? alush that this country be starve for a king , dammit ! the man laugh . shestan verdha , a handsome man , thoughtful . he roll a cigarette and put it be s.2 p.3. keep silent , tween he lip . finally , shestan stand and talk to they . shestan I say , tomorrow we leave for battle . there 's nothing worth wait for . the village be not go anywhere , the woman will take care of the farming . who 's come along ? alush Battle ? what battle ? who be we fight against ? silence . they all look at shestan . shestan what we be fight for , you mean . doske let 's leave first , and then play it by ear . there 's nothing to be do here anyway . all we do be sit in this café and talk . let 's not waste any more time . we have get gun and bullet ready . Count I in , captain . shestan Captain ? I do not say I be the captain . ( continued ) 3 s.2 p.4. cute well , you should be . where would we get someone better ? cute benja stand up and approach shestan . cute ( cont have ) I be all for battle , captain . if we do not do it now , when be we go to fight for albania ? we be feed up with word ... they all stay solemnly silent . shestan we be go to fight for the german king . he be come here to teach we how to become european . be not this good enough to fight for ? they all nod , although shestan 's word catch they a bit off guard . ext . shestan 's house . dawn . 3 the sun appear over the mountain top . smoke be come out of the house chimney in the village . shestan wash himself with spring water in the garden of he house . his mother look sad . shestan 's mother you be such a sweet pretty boy ! you have to get marry as soon as you come back . shestan hide he smile in he towel . shestan 's mother ( cont have ) do you hear what I just say ? you should get marry and have kid . it 's a shame to stay single . everyone in the village be talk about this . shestan yes , mother , I ’1ll get marry when I come back . ext . STREET in the village . morning . 4 rooster be crow and dog be bark in the village . shestan verdha meet he four friend doské , tod , alush , and cute . they be all dress up handsomely , with they tight suit and they kilt . they weapon glisten clean . ( continued ) 4 s.4 p.5. woman and kid follow they to see they off . shestan 's mother wipe off she tear with she black scarf , as the other lady wail , stick together like cattle . tod 's wife cry a river . tod that who want to cry , can do so when we be go . we do not want to hear any cry here . stop it , okay ? tod 's wife try to choke she cry off . the man say good bye to they relative and friend , and set off . ext . village . road . morning . 5 gun in shoulder , and food bag on they back , the man leave the village . suddenly doské stop as if he remember something . he pull off the gun from he shoulder . doske wait a minute ! where be we go , without a map ?! cute what do we need a map for , doské ? it 's go to mess we up ! shestan be wait for they . doske no way , captain . we can not go nowhere without a map . not serious you know ? the map show the road , show the state with its border and its border show the state . that 's the way it be . they go back to the village . ext . village chief 's house . morning . 6 a leash dog in the garden bark angrily . doské knock at the main door . village chief ( off screen ) who be it ? doske hey Chief , open the door , we need the map ! the village chief open the door with a puffy face . his wife pop up behind he . village chief who the hell do you think you be ? I do not give no map to nobody ! ( continued ) 5 s.6 p.6. shestan pull a gun to the man 's head . shestan it 's war time , you idiot , do not you get it ? give we the map ! village chief what war be that ? doske it 's just war - war , you asshole ! doské feel the mayor until he find the key to the desk attach to he pants , then go inside . shestan it 's a war for freedom . you get it ? freedom , you remember ? he offended village chief start mumble . doské soon come ack with a roll of paper . oh4 village chief May you never come back ! they turn they back on he and walk away . ext . mountain pass . day 7 he detachment have stop at the mountain pass . there be ign show different direction as a important crossroad . hestan signal everybody to stop . the sign be write in rench , English , german , Russian , italian . one can read tmhww a republic of korca . french protectorate . hen , show another direction , a second one : austrian rotectorate . v4h hen other sign show different direction : separatist rthodox princedom of Northern epirus , british protectorate , erman Reich protectorate , Islamic princedom of Central lbania , hungarian protectorate , Catholic Republic of lezha , tc . o2raod they stare at all the sign , bewilder . doske where be we ? shestan how should I know ? shestan produce the old map of the ottoman Empire , that do not show the border of the new albanian state . everybody gather around the map . cute point at something . ( continued ) 6 s.7 p.7 cute there , captain ; this be where we be . shestan what be you talk about ? this one here be Greece , it say '' toannina '' . cute sorry , captain . what do I know , I can not even read ! shestan then why do not you just shut up and listen to I . ok .. where the heck be we ? he point he finger at a line on the map , then roll the map and put it in he bag . shestan ( cont have ) we go walk down this river which flow to the sea , that be west . do you get it ? ext . little town square . day . 8 the fighter be be photograph in front of a mule and canon . they fight with each other for a place in the front row . keep switch place over and over , until sotir , the old photographer , already annoyed and somewhat impatient beckon they with he hand and insert he head behind the camera 's black cloth . cute benja try to switch place again in order to get in front of the tall shestan . the head of sotir show up from behind the black cloth . sotir can not do it like that ! can not do it ! please , freeze ! cute what 's the matter with you ? have you get a gnat in you ass ? just shoot the damn photo ! they all cackle . sotir hide he head again and shoot . the image freeze , and show the fighter laugh in they beautiful attire . cute benja be show smoothing off he moustache , shestan be in the middle and doské be smile , look at he captain . 10 s.9 p.8. ext . plateau . mountain scenery . central albania . day . 9 sunny day . a plateau in Central albania . in the distance , a stun mountain range . the fighter , gather around shestan , listen carefully to he tentative read from a half - tear albanian newspaper . it show a photo of the king von wied , he wife Sophia schomburg and some official in tirana . shestan ( voice over ) " the german prince wilhelm wied arrive in durré . he have be appoint King of albanian , by the great power . " shestan look at he friend . shestan ( cont have ) " wilhelm wied be receive today by a crowd of hundred of Muslim , Catholic and Orthodox albanian , who welcome they new King . " silence . cute can you believe this ? shestan well , now it 's too late to do anything . it 's we fault too , because we be not able to come up with a king ourselves . tod what 's the big deal with this king ?! be it because he 's a foreigner ? do you know that even the Greeks use to have a german king for more than thirty year , not to mention the bulgarian ? cute keep look at the photo on the paper . cute bullshit ! ai not worth nothing this newspaper , captain ! ext . road in the plain . day . 10 a crowd of cam refugee ( albanian expell from Northern Greece ) and Jews ( ban from thessalonica ) : man , woman and kid , with they cart , horse and a truck as well , come in the opposite direction of shestan 's detachment with they mule and canon . ( continued ) 8 s.10 p.9 . doske any fight where you be come from ? the Jews do not understand . doské gesture . doske ( cont have ) Fighting ! War ?! shestan wait a minute , they do not seem to get it . do you see any fight ...? jew 1 thessalonica , helada ... cute this be Greeks , do you hear that ? they do not speak albanian , they be Jews from thessalonica . cam no , no , what be you talk about ? we be no Greek , we be cam . he say something in Greek as well . doske I be sorry , man . I take you for a Greek . where be you head to ? jew 1 we fle from thessalonica to come here ; they tell we nobody will do we any harm . the cam translate . cam he say they have fle thessalonica to come to albania , because nobody will ever touch they here . in caméria , that be some carnage . they slew we son , take we land and we cattle away from we , and then send the police to chase we away . God only know what will become of we . for they it 's even worse : they have be chase out from every place . shestan why do you leave ? ( continued ) 9 s.10 p.10 . jew 1 massacre . they come at night to kill and ransack we . the cam translate from Greek cam he speak of massacre , they come at night to kill and ransack they . doske and where be you head to now , you poor people ? cam we do not know . all we need be a piece of land , to get some shelter . this Jews be go to elbasan . they say they have some friend there . at least they have some gold on they to survive . how far be it to elbasan ? doske two-days walk . doské approach shestan and whisper in he ear . doske ( cont have ) let 's take they gold , captain . we have get a war to fight , damn it shestan enough , doské . we be not here to rob people . this be people , like we cute have a safe trip . and hurry up , so that night will not catch you on the road . one of the Jews start shouting in Greek . jew 2 no gasoline leave ! I tell you not to take it ! he insert a stick in the fuel tank and take it out . it be dry , nothing 's leave . shestan 's detachment set off with canon and mule , while the cam and Jews unload stuff from the truck and divide it among the horse . 10 14 s.11 p.11 . ext . road . village with mosque . day . 11 the five- fighter detachment walk by a hamlet half hide in smoke . they see people cut grass with sickle and burn it in heaps . cute Captain , this be albanian that 's for sure . shestan how do you know ? cute look at they face , withere up under the sun . doske cute , do not insult we albanian . cute this be true , that 's how we look . that 's what the Sun do , dry up the skin . shestan enough , you two ! the fighter approach with great caution , hold they weapon ready . the peasant quit work and greet they . cute do you happen to know where there be fight go on ? the peasant shake they head . they mumble something , talk to each other , then one of they nod . peasant ah , yes , I know . in the East . you see this mountain , over there ? shestan and he man look at the ridge the man be point at . peasant ( cont have ) you have to climb this mountain here : it 's a shortcut - if you go around it , be too long . you see the pass ? when you 'il be on the other side , you 'il see a plain . it 's not there . shestan and he man exchange a puzzle look . ( continued ) 11 12 s.11 p.12 . peasant ( cont have ) in the distance , on the other side of that plain , you will see a second mountain . as you go through the pass of this second mountain you 'il see another plain , with a river . that 's where the slaughtering be take place , on both bank . two more fighter join shestan 's group ext . ottoman stone bridge . rain . day . 12 it 's raining . a old ottoman bridge , long and narrow , throw on a gigantic arch . the fighter stop to let pass two people . first be a man over sixty , with he traditional albanian suit , comfortably sit on he horse , and protect himself from the rain with a big black umbrella . behind he a young woman follow on foot , dress in fancy - color clothes , drip under the rain . she wear a cross around she neck . the man greet each other , hand on they heart . shestan have you hear anything about any fight , old man ? horse rider Fighting ?! no fight here . in the South , maybe . cute what South ? South be where we come from . the man on the horse motion the girl to move , so that she be not too close to the man . shestan stare at the girl . she look back , blush . the old man seem to get confuse . shestan keep stare at the girl . shestan where do you come from ? agnes father we village be one day 's walk from here . shestan and she , who be she ? he show the girl . the man on the horse do not seem to like this question . horse rider she be my daughter . why do you ask ? ( continued ) 12 s.12 p.13 . cute laugh out loud . doské nudge he . shestan look at the beautiful girl with she drip clothes , then at she father , comfortable and dry under he umbrella . shestan where be you go ? agnes father I be take my daughter to the nun . shestan why ? agnes father Excuse I ? shestan I just ask you '' why ? '' . it 's war . it could be dangerous . the old man be sweat fear . agnes father the country 's back with the turkish sultan , that 's why . my daughter will be safe with the nun . they 's 11 give she food and shelter . then , I will not even have to worry about the dowry and the wedding . shestan what be you talk about ? agnes father the sultan 's army be come ! we wife and daughter , they 's 1l have to cover they face ! the fighter do not buy what the man say . doske do not lie to we , it do not suit you moustache . agnes father my moustache 's none of you business , sir ! doske yes it be ! and albania have no business with Turkey whatsoever the empire 's dead , it 's history . ( continued ) 13 s.12 p.14 . agnes father do not you understand , you fool ? the turkish sultan be come ! it 's in the papers . it 's over , go home ! shestan come nearer to agnes 's father and talk coldly , point at the exhaust girl . shestan get down ! let she ride the horse ! the man look scared , but he do not budge . shestan cock he rifle . cute , doské , tod and alush try to stop he . doske stop it , captain . do not get intoa blood feud . this people be Catholic . they custom be harsh . cute quarreling over trifle , methink . shestan be unconvince . the other try to stop he . shestan I do not care what he be . I know what I be do . get out of the way ! he approach agnes 's father and wait for he to dismount . shestan ( cont have ) get off , and let the girl mount . she 's you daughter . the man falter , then get off the horse with a frown . shestan grab the girl by she arm . agnes try to resist he , by evade he grip , but shestan grasp she foot , and try to place it on the stirrup . motion she to get on the horse . she do not move . cute get on the horse , kid . it 's for you own good . you daddy will not say anything . shestan look at the girl , then at she father freeze in anger , and finally greet he , place the palm of he right hand over he heart . agnes 's father coldly return the greeting , then hit the horse with he stick . the horse jerk forward . shestan can not take he eye off agnes . agnes stare back at shestan . they be in love . everyone have notice how dazzle shestan be . agnes father move ! ( continued ) 14 s.12 p.15 . agnes look at shestan 's beautiful eye . shestan 's eye follow she , sadly . cute shout at agnes 's father . cute sultan my ass , you fuck bastard ! he raise the gun and get ready to shoot , but shestan do not let he . cute ( cont would ) you must be out of you mind , old man ! lock up such a beauty , such a goddamn beauty ! poor girl ! shestan , through he binocular , see the agnes turn towards he and try to find out where he be . ton agnes 's father stop he horse and turn to he daughter . she stay put , with she head down . he slap she hard . agnes hit the ground . he yell at she agnes father I be go to kill you ! right here , right now , with my own hand ! you hear I ? for Jesus , I swear I be go to kill you ! shame on you ! with a tremble hand , he try to light a wet cigarette . his daughter follow he , with she head down . ton shestan put he binocular down , take he gun and shoot a little aside , to scare the father . the horse be startle , instead . the man on the horse hit the animal with he stick . the girl follow he , through the rain . she turn she head to where the shot come from . see only the shadow of shestan , stand afar on the bridge , smoking gun in hand . ton agnes and she father have stop by the roadside . the man give hay to the soak horse , while he daughter be hold the umbrella for he . he open the food bag and motion agnes to help herself . she refuse , shaking she head . the man produce bread and some cheese , and start eat . agnes dad ! agnes father what ? agnes look like she can not find she word . ( continued ) 15 13 s.12 p.16 . agnes father ( cont have ) eat . she do not reply . agnes dad , I do not want to go there . agnes father what be you talk about ?! you have leave home already . everyone in the village know you be go to become God 's daughter now . agnes seem to be shocked by she father 's word . agnes dad , be you tell I the truth ? agnes father of course , yes . silence agnes father ( cont would ) how be it that you do not want to go there ? that 's God 's house . agnes insist , still shaking from the cold and emotion . agnes Father , why be you lock I up in that place ? her father hesitates , do not look she in the eye . agnes father where can I take you then daughter ? agnes Home , dad . the father do not answer . agnes keep she head lower . the man roll a cigarette . ext . plain . day . 13 Big plain in Central albania . Red rebel flag with the ottoman crescent can be see wave all over the place with the green muslim flag . hundred of peasant soldier , some in rag and other in uniform of the former turkish - ottoman army be dance and beat the drum and sing ( continued ) 16 s.13 p.17 . rebel give we we daddy ! give we we daddy ! Long live the sultan ! Long live albania ! the dervish and the mulla pray and dance like lunatic . steam come from the huge cauldron as well as the sharp smell of meat be roast over the fire be everywhere . they chief , kus babaj , be show off among they , wear a old turkish general uniform . he pray , hold he hand join in front of he face , and whisper paragraph from Koran in a trance , make sure everyone see he be praying . excite dervish try out they trick with fire and knife . shestan and he warrior stand hide on the hilltop . doske you hear they new song ? nobody answer . doske ( cont have ) that soldier head cover with the turkish fez , beat they drum and shout : " we want we daddy , we want we daddy , " that be , the sultan . then they sing : " we set off for paradise , but end up in hell , albania , you whore , you have poison we all . " cute seal doské 's mouth with the palm of he hand . doské try to get away . the other try to get at doské , they be angry . cute shame on you , doské ! how can you call albania a whore ? could you mouth be curse for ever ! doské push cute 's hand away and raise he gun . doske that 's not I , you jerk ; this be kus babaj 's thug ! be you deaf ? alush doské , stop act like a fool ! how can you call you own land that way ?! they be all stand up now , gun ready . shestan get in the middle . ( continued ) 17 14 s.13 p.18 . doske that 's what they sing , what do I know ? shestan even if they sing it , you do not have to ! what a shame , if anybody hear it ! doské be stunne . shestan ( cont have ) ok ? doské be silent . shestan ( cont have ) ok ? doske yeah , ok ... doské start to shout . doske ( cont have ) Long live albania , Long live King wied ! cute Long live albania ! shestan 's men ( all together ) Long live albania , Long live King wied ! no reaction from kus babaj 's camp . the drum beat cover they shout . ext . convent 's gate . day 14 the gate open and mother Superior appear . she greet agnes and she father . he have tear in he eye . mother superior what be you name ? agnes agnes . agnes father I be trust you with my daughter . he cross himself and then place the palm of he hand on he heart . ( continued ) 18 15 16 17 s.14 p.19 . mother Superior nod to he who be about to hug he daughter , but a nun have already take agnes by the hand and lead she inside . the man can barely hold he tear as the gate close . int . convent . corridor . sunset . 15 mother Superior motion to agnes , a skinny nun . mother superior this be rosseta . you will have a spare bed in the same room . she will show you to everything . off you go ! rosseta , the skinny nun , bow slightly to mother Superior and go . agnes follow . int . convent . workshop . sunset . 16 another nun be coarsely cut agnes 's hair with shear . the skinny nun be watch . agnes stare at the mop pass in front of she eye and fall on the floor . she look distraught . the skinny nun be amused . the nun give agnes a small mirror . she stare at she very short hair . skinny nun go take a bath now . int . convent . refectory . dusk . 17 the nun be eat . agnes stare at she soup , lose in thought . the skinny nun sit next to she take a piece of bread and give it to she . skinny nun eat ! move you spoon ! agnes do not react . mother Superior look at she . in second all the nun have stop eat , and wait for agnes to do something . silence . mother superior eat ! all the nun wait for agnes to do something . agnes understand she must eat . she fill she spoon with soup . but she do not feel like eat , she just stare at she spoon . silence . mother superior ( cont would ) if you do not want to eat , go to you room ! we shall attend to you later on . agnes leave the refectory . everyone start eat again . there be a low whisper all around . ( continued ) 19 18 s.17 p.20 . mother superior ( cont have ) silence ! the murmur end . int . convent . corridor . early morning . 18 agnes be on she knee scrubbing the floor of the corridor with a brush and soap . she look exhaust and sad . mother Superior come and stand in front of she . she speak ina low , but harsh voice . mother superior I know it . as soon as I see you , I know it . what be happen with you . agnes what be happen to I , mother ? mother superior you think of a man . do not deny it . I know it . agnes look up at she , wide eye . mother superior ( cont have ) do not tell I anything . we do not talk of this thing , here . agnes get up and throw the water to wash off the foam on the ground . mother Superior approach she , and stare into she eye . mother superior ( cont have ) when you come here , you bring you body and you soul with you . right ? she speak with passion , and tear appear in she eye , whereas agnes look freeze . silence . mother superior ( cont no ) right ? agnes yes , mother . mother superior but you can not keep they both now . you have to decide which one to give up . right ? agnes yes , mother . there be a silence , but agnes do not seem overwhelm . ( continued ) 20 s.18 p.21 . agnes ( cont have ) be it true that a army be come from Istanbul , to cover albanian woman with veil ? mother superior who tell you this ? agnes my father . he tell I that they be go to cover we all , from head to toe , like they wife ... mother Superior interrupt she with a sharp voice . mother superior no , this be not true . only God 's will shall prevail . agnes remain apparently shy . 19 ext . crossroad with foreign power flag . day . 19 shestan 's detachment of fifteen warrior have stop at another mountain pass . a sign have be put there , which read : republic of korca . french protectorate . shestan signal everybody to stop . cute the french do not seem to be far shestan shsh ! let 's listen for a while , just in case there 's any fight go on ! they stop dead in they track and turn they head : silence . doské grab shestan 's arm . shestan ( cont have ) what now ? doske this french , be they with we , or against we ? shestan how should I know ? they walk a little more and discover at the top of the slope a french military outpost . ( continued ) 21 s.19 p.22. they be stunne by all the flag they suddenly see : - great Britain 's , France 's , Germany 's , Italy 's and the austro- hungarian Empire 's - hoist on a rectangular metallic structure . the flag dance wildly under the wind . the place be guard by armed soldier , wear the french army uniform . they look alert . shestan wave at they . shestan ( cont have ) do not shoot ! what kind of flag be this ? tod the first one be british , captain . the second austrian , the third italian , and the rest , I do not know . shestan and we flag , how come it be not show ? cute why do not you ask they , captain ? shestan who the heck be go to talk to they ? doske let I do it , captain . he approach the guard , who point they weapon at he . french guard arrétez-vous ! doské stop dead in he track . the fighter ready they weapon . doské talk to they aloud : doske albania ?.. flag , flag , albania ! the guard do not reply . doské point at the flag and repeat he word . doske ( cont have ) the flag , where ? the flag ? shestan forget it , doské . they do not understand . ask they about the war . use that word of yours . doske War , war ! where ? War , war ? ( continued ) 22 20 s.19 p.23 . doské accompany he word with ample gesture , open he arm and point with he finger all around . french soldier no war , no war ! doske War , War ! bang , bang ! he imitate the sound of a shoot weapon . the guard do not understand . one of they produce a whistle and blow hard . the other one do the same . shestan and he man do not understand . by now all the guard be blow they whistle . cute let 's go , captain ! it do not look good . they be get nervous . they whole army will soon be on we ! shestan let 's go , then . the fighter trot away , as the guard keep blow they whistle all around the place . ext . square of a moslem village . day 20 the village square . empty . the door of the mosque be open . none of the village inhabitant be around . cart and plough can be see scattered all around . the fighter quench they thirst at the stone fountain , and fill up they gourd . cute look ! they surrender ! I swear to God , they be come here to surrender ! two man dress with a french army uniform , enter the village square . one of they hold a white flag . shestan frown . the frenchmen come close and give the military salute . nobody reply . one of the frenchmen start speak a bad albanian . first frenchman where be commander ? shestan what do you want ? first frenchman french commander want to meet albanian commander . shestan look at he companion , but do not say a word . the french give the military salute and leave . 23 21 s.21 p.24 . ext . french commander 's tent . day . 21 shestan , doské , and cute have stop in front of the french commander 's tent in the shade of a couple of tall tree . the french commander be patronize they , by smoking a long cigar . he turn to he interpreter , but shestan interrupt he . shestan whose side be you on ? his word be translate into french . french commander pardon I ? shestan I ask : whose side be you on ? the french commander clear he voice , to make the whole thing appear very formal and serious . cute he seem such a asshole to I . the french commander turn to he interpreter , but the interpreter seem to have trouble make out cute 's word . he just shake he head reproachfully . french commander let 's be frank to each other . France 's wish be that the situation in the balkan be stabilize , that 's why we be here . do you really believe that the austrian-hungarian Empire be a friend and protector of you country 's interest ? I know you can not believe such a thing . the truth be that they have they own interest to pursue , and you legendary commander , should avoid fall into this trap ! you must also rest assure that France 's policy , with regards to ... shestan enough already ! he put he hand on he gun . everybody freeze . the french Commander keep talk with the shade of a smile on he lip . french commander it 's such a pity that we cannot find a common ground so that we can proceed with we talk . ( continued ) 24 s.21 p.25 . french commander ( cont would ) I consider you presence , dear commander , as a expression of we effort , yours and mine , to ... as the french interpreter be translate , shestan pull out the map and show it to the frenchman . shestan do you know what this be ? the interpreter translate . french commander it 's a map of the ottoman Empire . shestan this be albania . we be right here . you get it ? french commander if you allow I , dear captain , I ’l1l show you now my map . the one that you have be not worth anything anymore . he enter the tent and soon come out with a map of Europe . he point at the tiny albania on the map . french commander ( cont have ) this be you country . right here . shestan and cute benja bend over to the tiny spot on the map . they be incredulous . cute what ? jeez , that small !? the french commander shrug . cute hit the ground with he shoe . cute ( cont would ) you think albania be as small as my shoe ? fuck you ! he mark he shoe around as to make a map of albania . french commander keep it if you want . I have another one . the interpreter translate with a silly grin . the french commander hand shestan the map . shestan stare at he . cute do not , captain ! do not accept it ! let he keep that piece of trash to himself . ( continued ) 25 22 23 s.21 p.26 . doske do not accept it , captain . the french guy 's play a trick on we . shestan tear the map , throw the piece on the ground , and turn he back on the french officer . shestan , doské and cute walk away . cute you know , it 's not by accident that France 's notorious for be such a harlot ... they walk away as the french commander resume pace in front of he tent , pull on he cigar . ext . mountain plateau.night . 22 shestan 's man be all asleep , but he he awake watch the star in the sky . a shoot star . shestan be in love . stands up and have a look all around . silence . he sit by the fire . roll a cigarette . he look at the star . another shoot star . alush come to shestan . alush what a nice place for a grave ! shestan look for a place of yours ? alush nod . shestan smile . shestan ( cont have ) have a look ! it 's so beautiful , for God 's sake ! be not that magnificent ? ext . road to the convent . day 23 a group of four nun , carry wood , be walk towards the convent , along a muddy road . agnes be heavily load . in front of she the skinny nun breathes heavily . two horseman gallop pass they . agnes watch they as they ride away . the skinny nun next to she nudge she . skinny nun be you out of you mind ? do not look at man like that ! do you get it ? agnes look through she , lose in she thought . the nun keep walk . agnes drop she burden down and turn around . the horseman have disappear . the skinny nun look back , agnes stand still on the road . skinny nun stop , agnes do not move . skinny nun ( cont no ) come on ! ( continued ) 26 24 25 $ .23 p.27 . agnes take she burden back on she shoulder . the skinny nun follow the other . agnes stay behind , look around . the nun disappear on the top of the hill . ext . roadside in front of the two robert inn . day . 24 shestan verdha 's detachment have stop at some distance from the inn , where " long live king wied " be write on the wall . cute benja , dress up like a mullah - a moslem priest - come back from the inn , out of breath , and report what he see . he look ridiculous in he costume . cute Captain , there be King wied 's Army formation precede we . at the two Roberts Inn I meet two dutch officer . they be drink wine and speak dutch . I swear to God ! shestan okay , now take that clothes off ! cute benja start undress . ext . the two robert inn . sunset . 25 the column of fighter , with the King 's flag , be pass the '' two Roberts '' Inn . the haystacks , wet with rain , glimmer under the set sun . upturn cart here and there . all around the corn granary , chicken be fumble the ground for corn , and fire be burn in the field with a lot of smoke . no sound come from the inn . shestan what a strange silence ... he have hardly sais that when gunfire explode from the haystacks , the granary , and the fence . two fighter on shestan 's flank fall . shestan try to look through the binocular , but they get hit by a bullet and fly off he hand . he yell at he companion , who be attack on they own mind . shestan ( cont have ) get back ! get back ! nobody listen . doské curse the enemy , touch he ball . doske where be you , motherfucker ? where be you sister , I be ask you ?! a hail of bullet prey upon they . shestan be lose blood from the scratch wound on he hand . cute benja run towards the haystacks ; he try to set fire to they , but fail . ( continued ) 27 s.25 p.28 . cute the haystacks be wet , damn it ! otherwise I would have burn the motherfucker alive , like rat . now they be all lie down and shoot in the direction of the rebel 's gunfire . the mule pull the cart with the canon be whining , as it try to free itself . cute have finally set fire to two haystacks , from which two rebel try to escape run like hell . shestan and doské shoot at the same time , but the rebel escape in the smoke . cute ( cont have ) Captain ! Captain ! this be a ambush ! flat on the ground , shestan can not believe cute be say such nonsense in such a moment , with bullet whizzing everywhere . doské have drag himself close to one of the haystacks , and he shoot at it . someone scream in pain from inside . doské stab the haystack with he bayonet . the rebel inside scream again , with a horrible voice : rebel death to all infidels ! Allah uakhbarr ! stun and smear with blood , one of shestan 's warrior come run out of the smoke . two bullet hit he in the leg , bring he down . he cry out , tear run down he cheek : shestan 's warrior Long live albania ! glory to the cross ! go git they , my friend ! he can not get up back on he foot . doské jump up . doske let 's go get they , brother ! let 's go fuck they mother right now ! kus babaj , the leader of the Muslim rebel , be follow the battle through he binocular . he spot shestan verdha 's handsome figure , run gun in hand . [ Pov through binocular ] kus babaj admire shestan verdha 's beauty . he order two rebel . kus babaj I want he alive . Allah 's make he by his own hand ! such a pretty boy ! a angel ! the two rebel , dress in baggy pants , go crawl towards shestan , to get he alive . ( continued ) 28 s.25 p.29 . but the wind turn , the haystacks flare up , and the two rebel be suddenly surround by smoke . they start cough , and have to run away from the income flame . they finally make it through the smoke , but only to face cute 's and doské 's gun . the two rebel be shot down . one of they manage to say a few word , with he throat tear in half : wounded rebel fuck Jesus Christ and you faggot king from Germany ! doské stab he in the belly with he bayonet . the rebel moan . doské yell at he . doske you fuck moron , I be a Muslim too , but I do not insult no Jesus no mohamet and no King ! shame on you ! wounded rebel you do not have the ball , that 's why ! doske I do not have the ball ?! why do not you pick up you stinking bowel instead of leak you crap all around ? the wounded rebel try to show off with a smile between he pain convulsion , until he fall to the ground , dead , with he belly open . shestan 's fighter charge . a red-light flare up in the sky . kus babaj motion he people to move back . a fighter run between two haystacks and be about to set fire to they , when rebel bullet hit he through the smoke . he fall on he back . a hand come out of the smoke , grab he binocular and vanish . someone bring kus babaj the binocular loot from the fall fighter . kus babaj hang they around he neck , and then they all disappear from sight . there 's still fight go on in the inn . one of shestan 's fighter chase a baggy - pant rebel until he get he cornere by the well , where they both try to impale each other with they bayonet while talk trash : rebel you , infidel swine ! you faithless louse ! May Allah strike you dead ! shestan 's fighter you gypsy motherfucker ... you shithole ! ( continued ) 29 26 s.25 p.30 . cute benja continue to crawl , set fire to the haystacks . thick smoke be everywhere . the rebel be hear scream in chorus , as they leave . rebel ( scream ) Allah - u akhbari ! Allah -u akhbar ext . the '' two robert inn '' . nightfall . 26 the area surround the inn be still light up by the many haystacks still burn through the smoke . shestan 's detachment surround cute benja , who 's talk and cry at the same time . cute it 's my fault , I ruin everything . because of that demon in the inn - they be speak dutch , I swear to God ! doské put the barrel of he gun against cute 's heart . shestan stop he . shestan no , doské , no ! it 's not he fault if he do not understand dutch . how could he know they be kus babaj 's man , dress up like dutch officer ? take that gun away ! they all stand , tense . cute benja start cry again . doske maybe so ! but he should know he know nothing in dutch ! do not he tell we they be dutch officer ? cute because they be speak a unknown language . the kind of answer that make doské mad . doske there ! that 's what 's wrong with he ! cute do not kill I , brother ! I have nine mouth to feed ! please , let I go back see they , tell they a couple of thing once and for all , then I ’1l1 come back and you can do whatever you want ... shestan grab doské 's hand and push the gun away . ( continued ) 30 27 28 s.26 p.31 . doske why do not you just fuck off and never come back , you son of a bitch ! shestan give he a angry look ext . road . dusk 27 agnes walk on the road , dress as a nun . in the distance she see some soldier come she way . she immediately hide behind a stone wall . she hear they sing in ukrainian : they be drunk . they come near the wall and one of they seem to have see she , but he only throw a empty bottle against the wall . the other want to do the same , but one of they put he bottle on the wall , and walk back fifteen meter . he shoot at it with he rifle . the bottle explode . they laugh . agnes be terrify . now the dozen of they do the same and the soldier shoot at the bottle . they be drunk and miss . some bullet clash in the wall . the bottle explode . agnes huddle up while splinter of glass fall all over she . ext . river by the road . sunset . 28 shestan and he man be walk to the river . shestan turn and see cute benja follow they in the distance . shestan and he man stop , cute benja stop too . shestan signal to resume walk . shestan let he do what he want . do not talk to he . all of a sudden , they hear scream in they back : a horserider appear in a cloud of dust hold a turkish red flag and riding a magnificent white stallion . he be a kid of fifteen , scream and riding like crazy . shestan and he man pull aside to let he pass . sefer , the young horserider , stop , turn he horse around and come back to they . sefer hey man , where be you go ? shestan to fight . sefer I be sefer . I be go to fight , too . I will join kus babaj . he be the great warrior , a man of God . and who be you fight for ? shestan for the king . sefer look confuse . ( continued ) 31 29 $ .28 p.32. sefer what king be you talk about ? shestan the king of albania , little boy ! sefer look , I be not a boy . I ama fighter and a thief ! you see this ? he pat the white stallion 's neck . sefer ( cont have ) it 's for kus babaj . I steal it just for he . see , what a beauty ! kus babaj love horse and boy like I . sefer be hardly hold the horse which buck on he hind leg . shestan come to he . shestan listen , man . why do not you bring the horse back and go home ? sefer smile . sefer Home ? no , no . I be go to fight . you will hear about I ! silence . sefer ( cont have ) you get bread ? doske throw he a piece . sefer catch it and bite in it . he pull the rope , hit the horse , and gallop away , scream and wave the red turkish flag . sefer ( cont have ) Long live kus babaj ! Long live the sultan , I be go to war ! shestan and he man look distraught . they reach the river and dive into the water . while they be swim and wash they clothes , cute stay at some distance on the bank , and cry . all of a sudden , doske , tod and alush grab cute and throw he naked in the river . at first cute be afraid they might drow he , then everybody laugh at he . he 's forgiven . int . inn . guest room with a fireplace . night . 29 log burn in the fireplace . kus babaj be wear the two pair of binocular around he neck . ( continued ) 32 s.29 p.33 . some thirty of he people be there , drink raki , and some of they , already drunk , be sing . dervish , all in white , prance around , busy with they rite . all of a sudden , one of the drunkard go into a trance and stand up , hold a meat chunk in he hand . tug osmani I be tug osmani , kus babaj ! May you live as long as the mountain , may Allah look after you ! he throw the meat chunk into the fire . then he start cry a river . tug osmani ( cont have ) I want to be roast for the bayram sacrifice ! then , suddenly , he throw himself into the fire . the dervish rush to take he out , but he be too strong , he resist and go back into the flame , scream out of pain because of the burn . tug osmani ( cont have ) please , do not remove I from the fire , I need to roast a little bit more , I be not do enough . I do not want to be hard under kus babaj 's tooth when he 'il have I for dinner tonight ! I want to sacrifice myself this very evening , in the name of Allah ! everybody be around this man go berserk , cover with burn wound all over face and body , cry and scream . he try one last time to get into the fire , but four man manage to master he and tie he up . kus babaj sigh out of grief . shaqir Ali , a dervish , raise he glass . kus babaj follow the same with a glum reflection in the eye . shaqir ali God bless you , kus babaj , because you bring light to this house ! we learn about what happen to you lover boy vasilakis , it be such a sad thing , but what can one do about it ? it be write you heart be fill with grief in you old age . lover boy should have they face cover just like lady , to avoid disaster ; because love cannot be keep in jail , and where love be , a dagger be not far . kus babaj stare at the flame , he head down . one of the guard start sing with a wail voice : ( continued ) 33 kus babaj , s.29 p.34 . singer 6 Hassan Zyber , you kill my lover boy , even if you have seven soul , I x11 tear they all from you . you cast a shadow and darken my old age , why should this disgrace fall upon I , now a old man ? even if you have seven soul , I x11 tear they all from you . '' with tear in he eye , turn to he : kus babaj thank you . God bless you ! kus babaj change the conversation . kus babaj ( cont would ) we send a letter to this german King - or a '' memorandum '' as the infidel call it . have you hear of this ? kus babaj 's men ( around he ) no , never hear anything , kus babaj . tell we ! kus babaj we write King wied that we accept he for we King and master , on one condition only : that he get circumcise . everybody burst out laugh . kus babaj ( cont would ) and now we be wait for he reply . shaqir ali kus babaj , the King may agree to it , but will queen Sophia also agree ? will she like the king to screw she with that kind of tool ? everybody laugh . kus babaj raise he hand . kus babaj God bless you , my boy . do not worry : albania and Turkey be like nail and flesh , they can not be separate . ( continued ) 34 30 kus baba '' j( cont would ) see , great Allah already place he sign of warning in the sky , this comet , shape like a broom . everyone nod . ext . place known as " the three grave " .day . s.29 p.35 . 30 it be raining . Three representative of the austrian army show up for talk with shestan 's fighter with a white flag . the austrian give he the military salute . shestan let they know , with a hand gesture , that he want to speak first . shestan do Austria really care for albania , or be it that she 's pursue she own interest in this jumble ? the austrian officer speak in albanian . austrian officer you should know , herr kapitan , that pathetic term such as " care " lose they intrinsic value , when relation between state be concerned . shestan that 's enough ! I understand . do not want to hear any more . the officer stare at shestan . austrian officer I have hear about you , herr kapitan . still , the idea I have be somewhat different ... shestan what you think be not my business . cute he 's lie , captain . he just want to fool we . austrian officer May I ask you why this place be call " the Three grave " ? shestan answer with a coarse voice . shestan i’1l tell you why : one of the grave be mine , the other be yours and the third be wait for whoever be go to be bury there a hundred year from now . ( continued ) 35 31 s.30 p.36 . the officer remain stunne . he nod . austrian officer you speak like a philosopher , herr kapitan . very well say indeed ! the austrian salute and leave . doské , cute and the other surround shestan and pat he on the shoulder . ext . SMALL town . mosque and church . day 31 shestan verdha , doské and cute benja , gun on shoulder , stop in front of a shop display a carelessly put up sign : quazim 's barber 's shop the shop be close . shestan look through the window . nobody 's there . cute it 's close . doske I can see it 's close . shestan approach the door on which be write : '' I am at the king 's '' shestan the barber be at the King 's . this be what it say . cute at the King 's ? what the hell be he do there ?! nobody talk , shestan move away . suddenly cute show he joy to doské . cute ( cont have ) you know what ? I swear to Allah he 's go to circumcise the King ! doske what be you talk about ? cute come on , why should the barber go see the King ? what else could he be do there ? you tell I . doske look thoughtful . doske maybe you be right . the King , of course , know how to shave . ( continued ) 36 32 33 s.31 p.37 cute of course , he know how to shave . he 's german ! you get it ? it 's over we be go home soon ! he turn to shestan , but he be nowhere to be see . cute ( cont have ) Captain shestan ! it 's over ! the war be over ! hey , shestan , the King have be circumcise ! he run away shouting . doské follow he , ashamed of cute 's shouting and dance on the street : cute ( cont have ) circumcise ! circumcise ! King wied have be circumcise ! doské act as if he 's never know he ; ext . SMALL town . the bazar . day 32 shestan stand in front of a shop display wedding dress . suddenly , cute benja appear at the street corner , run and shouting : cute Captain , it 's do ! the King have be circumcise ! shestan oh , my God ! shestan stop cute by put he palm on he mouth . shestan ( cont have ) can not you ever shut up ! int . barber 's shop . day . 33 the barber be shave shestan . many man have already gather in the shop . the barber be tell he story with a loud voice , he eye glitter with happiness . everyone listen with fascination . barber here , see , the king 's whisker they be this long . the barber make a gesture with he hand half meter wide . barber ( cont have ) handsome , blue eye . a real gentleman . ( continued ) 37 34 s.33 p.38 . barber ( cont would ) not to mention he clothes . diamond and gold , shine like a mirror ! cute listen , why do not you tell we what you be do there ? what 's you business with the king ? be he a relative of yours , or what ? barber what be you talk about ? my brother work at the royal stable and he majesty be very fond of he . so , one day , he tell the king that he brother - I - would very much like to shave him - free of charge , of course - as often as he wish . and the king do not say no , obviously . shestan cute , let he tell we what the king tell he . barber as I be lather he cheek , he begin to tell I ... [ dissolve to the king 's apartment , as the barber continue he story in voiceover . ] int . king 's palace . private apartment . day . 34 in the middle of a very big room , the barber be lather the king 's face help by he young son as a assistant , hold the towel and the hot water basin . the boy be constantly smile . king wied do you believe in God , good man ? barber do not know how to put it , you majesty . I do and I do not . king wied what do this mean ? barber this be rather tricky thing , you majesty . can not find the right word to explain it . king wied why be it so tricky ? ( continued ) 38 5.34 p.39 . barber how could I put it ? I be just a barber , I shave people 's cheek . religion be no topic for people like I . the king look at he in the mirror , silent for a while . king wied be you a Muslim ? barber my father 's a Muslim , my mother 's a Christian . I be both . king wied be that so ?! how interesting ! barber yes , you majesty . in this country nobody make a big deal of religion . sometimes people from different religion they marry . king wied that 's pretty interesting . barber what about you , you majesty ? be you a Christian ? king wied I be a Protestant . the barber do not seem to understand . king wied ( cont have ) May I ask you something personal ? barber anything you want , you majesty ! king wied be you circumcise ? barber of course I be , you majesty . everybody be . my son too . the barber laugh . barber ( cont have ) circumcision be not common in you part .. if I may say so . be it you majesty ? the King do not react . ( continued ) 39 35 5.34 p.40 . king wied of course not . barber well , that 's how the world be . and you have never see one , right ? king wied no . not really . why ? barber you can have a look at my son 's , here . if you want , that be . I mean , if it 's not too embarrassing for you . the King do not answer barber ( cont have ) he would not care much . he understand , he 's a smart little boy . King wied smile . the barber lower the boy 's pants , and push he closer to the king . king wied oh , no} ... the little boy who still have the water basin in he hand , keep smile like a simpleton . the barber fumble with he son 's penis . then he pull the pants up , and tie they with the drawstring . barber that 's good luck for my boy , you majesty : the king of albania 's see he circumcise pistol . the King look stunne . [ dissolve back to the barber 's shop , where the barber be shave shestan , and tell he story ] int . barber 's shop . day . 35 everyone be laugh out loud . the barber 's young son join they . the barber work slowly , and look solemn all of a sudden . barber do you hear about this ? they have send a letter to the king , ask he to get circumcise ! everybody be listen . ( continued ) 40 36 s.35 p.41 . shestan how do you know ? who send this letter ? barber what do I know ?! but if he refuse there 's go to be war . and that 's bad news for everybody . cute well , what 's the big deal ? let he get cut . only good come from it . it 's healthy , and sanitary . shestan shut up , cute ! easier say than do . the king know what to do anyway . cute well , you can not be so sure . silence fall . the barber wipe off shestan 's face . the muezzin 's song be hear '' Allah uakhbarr , Allah uakhbarrr '' . people leave the barber 's shop and head for the mosque . only shestan , cute benja , doské and the barber remain inside . the barber be take he apron off . shestan produce a coin and hand it to he . ext . road . night . 36 shestan 's warrior walk . the moon rise in the sky . cute the moon . doske I can see it . cute yes , but I mean be not it strange how the moon shine over the earth ? doske what 's so strange about it ? it 's like that . that 's all . cute easy to say ... shestan shut up and keep walk in silence . we do not know what 's around we . they march . 41 37 s.37 p.42. ext . abandoned village . day . 37 the fighter carefully approach the ruin of a abandon village . nobody seem to be there . cute walk to the well . cute I swear to God this water be not poison . they all look at each other shestan what be you talk about ? you be get more and more stupid everyday . do you realize that ? cute no. why ? shestan shh ... quiet ! all three of they cock they gun . they take a cautious step forward . shestan ( cont have ) who 's there ? they step back and take cover behind the well . they hear a little noise . shestan ( cont have ) come out ! nothing move . shestan ( cont would ) come out ! we be friend ! agnes very slowly appear . she be still in she nun 's clothes but they be tear and ruin . she look destroy . her headdress be go . she be cry , terrify . cute let the bucket fall down the well . agnes please do not hurt I , do not hurt I ... shestan what ? he lower he gun and realize he be face agnes . she have dark ring under she terrify eye . ( continued ) 42 s.37 p.43 . agnes I have not sleep since ... three day ago . shestan nobody 's go to hurt you . you be alright . agnes do not trust they , and stay behind the well . shestan ( cont have ) be you alone ? agnes I do not know . shestan what be you do here ? agnes have anything to eat ? cute benja give she some bread . shestan come to she , take she gently by the hand , and have she sit down on a rock . agnes cry . shestan why do not you eat something first ? cute who do this to you ? agnes the soldier . cute what soldier ? agnes do not know what soldier . could not make out the language . shestan cut the crap , cute . let she eat . agnes look up at shestan with hope . cute what do we do with she , captain ? shestan she come with we . cute why ? ( continued ) 43 38 s.37 p.44 . shestan why do you always ask question ? agnes chew the bread tremble with fear . she raise she beautiful eye , and look at shestan . cute fill the flask with water . ext . road . rain . day 38 shestan 's fighter and agnes march . it be raining . shestan take off he cape and give it to agnes who 's shiver from the cold . shestan what be you name ? agnes agnes . shestan agnes , you remember I ? we meet at the bridge , with you father . agnes do not answer . shestan ( cont have ) I be shestan . from the village of mokér , in the south ... agnes be mute . shestan ( cont have ) we shall have to go to the convent and leave you there . it 's the only safe place . it 's not too far . when the war be over , you can go back home . agnes shake she head in despair agnes I leave the convent , and I can not go home . shestan how come ? agnes I be scared . they look at each other . shestan scare of whom ? agnes my father ... ( continued ) 44 39 s.38 p.45 . shestan look at she . agnes ( cont have ) he will know . she cry and fall on she knee . agnes ( cont would ) he 's go to kill I , if I go back home . shestan do you hear this ? she can not go back home . cute you mean , since she 's be rape ... shestan ( interrupt harshly ) yes , cute . yes . it 's like that . shestan , doské and cute benja feel awkward . agnes take I with you . they all fall silent . agnes ( cont have ) I know how to shoot ! the three fighter be surprised by agnes 's sudden claim . shestan no. you x11 stay with the nun . we be head for war . agnes grab he by the sleeve . shestan pull off , and walk away through the rain . agnes follow . cute but I do not understand why ... doske shut up . ext . muslim rebel 's encampment . day . 39 kus babaj 's rebel 's encampment near a village with mosque . kus babaj ride he beautiful white arab stallion . he pet the horse with affection . sefer look at he in admiration gnaw at a piece of corn on the cob . ( continued ) 45 s.39 p.46 . kus babaj that a boy ! you make I so happy ! sefer grin proudly and trustfully . kus babaj ( cont would ) listen to I now . I be go to ask you for a special favor . tonight at midnight you 'il have to hide yourself somewhere close to the King 's palace . no one must see you be that clear ? you will have to stay hide until the clock strike twelve . okay ? sefer okay . kus babaj you can use you finger , so that you can not go wrong . finish one hand first , then the other , then the two thumb . all together make twelve . if you mess this up , we be go to hang you by you foot . sefer keep grin like a idiot , too proud of he mission and he trust for kus babaj . kus babaj ( cont would ) this be not a game . it can cost you you skin , you know what I mean ? sefer nod . sefer okay . kus babaj very well , sefer , you x11 count four cannon shot . there will not be a fifth . when you have count four run like hell . I x11 give you the money myself tomorrow . go break a leg now . sefer bow to kus babaj and ride away through the dust . drum can be hear . ext . the king 's palace . night . 40 munch some bread sefer walk up the hill where king wied 's palace stand . he stop dead in he track when he spot the dutch guard . he climb the wall silently , the guard fail to notice he . he pull out the torch and the lighter ( continued ) 46 41 42 43 44 45 s.40 p.47 . sefer the queen sleep here . she 's white like a snowflake , they say . she bathes in milk all day long , and then she make love all night . she 's a nymph , that 's what she be . ext . the king 's palace . night . 41 the clock of the palace strike twelve . sefer be finish count he finger . he light up the torch , and start wave it above he head . no shot be hear . sefer May God help I with this ! the torch flame fly wild under the wind . ext . muslim rebel 's encampment . night . 42 a turbane gunner fire he canon in a thunder . ext . the king 's palace . night . 43 the shell be hear whistling through the sky . sefer close he eye . he keep wave the torch for the far away gunner to aim at . there be a explosion behind he back . he open he eye , scared to death . sefer hear the dutch guard shouting . he keep wave the torch , as the second shot hit closer . he close he ear with the palm of he hand . he wave the torch again . sefer why delay the third shot ? be there anything wrong with the canon ? damn , my arm be all numb now . wait a minute : there go the thunder ... then the whistling , it 's come ... the income shell make a horrible shrilling noise . sefer gape at it but hold he torch firmly . the shell explode behind he . ext . muslim rebel 's encampment . night . 44 the canon fire once again . ext . the king 's palace . night . 45 another cannonball be hear slice through the night air . it now come straight at sefer , as if guide by the torch . sefer shout out . ( continued ) 47 46 s.45 p.48 . sefer I be here , come to I ! he laugh . [ special effect ] through sefer 's eye , we see the shell fly towards we . hit by the shell , sefer 's body fly away in piece . the torch fly away as well , like a comet and hit the ground in spark . ext . river . day . 46 foggy day . shestan 's detachment cross a furious river . agnes follow shestan hold he cape . on the opposite bank a sign have be post , write both in Latin and Greek script : separatist orthodox princedom of northern epirus shestan read it out aloud . shestan it say '' the separatist Orthodox princedom of Northern epirus '' . what 's wrong with this people ?! he bring the sign down and throw it in the river . shestan open the wrinkle map , straighten it out and place it on he knee . he start mark with a pencil the road they have cover already . they gather around he . doske we have do a lot of walk , damn it . shestan draw a line on the map point north -east . tod Captain , I be afraid this place here be Macedonia . shestan how do you know ? tod here , look : it read '' ohrid '' , and there : '' skopje '' . and this be the lake . here you have the village with albanian name , and there that with slav name . we be in the wrong place . we have better go back . they start look around . cute what be you talk about ? we have not see any macedonian so far . ( continued ) 48 s.46 p.49 . doske he 's right . have not see any of that . just go ahead , captain , and draw you line , because this be still we land . shestan hesitates . shestan hold on a minute . this be kosovo and this be Serbia , and I have albania here , Greece be there , and this place here , you think it 's Macedonia , right ? tod I have be in skopje myself , two year ago . cute and how be it ? tod people all over the place ; store , mosque , church ; just like here . doske what be you talk about ? can not be just like here . tod I swear , it be just like here . only the language be different . doske any albanian there ? tod a lot . cute good people ? they all look at cute disapprovingly . doske there can not be any bad albanian for God 's sake . cute of course not ! with a pencil , shestan circle the albanian territory on the turkish map . then , he crumple it and tuck it in he belt . start roll a cigarette . agnes be asleep . shestan cover she with he cape . she wake up , and stare at shestan , with fearful eye . ( continued ) 49 s.46 p.50 . shestan sleep now . the fighter smoke and stay silent . shestan go under a tree to rest . cute benja smile and chat with doské . cute it 's so weird , doské , sometimes I do not even know what I be talk about . have you notice that ? doske no. cute that 's odd , ' cause li ... doske I know , I know . without think . I do that sometimes . but you know , what 's important be what we do ; what we do we do be what we be . cute doské , you know what I miss most ? I miss a piece of warm pie so much ... my wife can cook it so well , you would not believe . I will not give up the ghost till I have have a real meal one last time : a cheese and onion pie , and a bowl of thin yoghurt , and then a nice little nap by the fireplace . nothing can beat that . doske cute , for God 's sake , why be you tell I all this about a cheese pie ? can not think of anything else ? cute and you know what I miss too ? doské sigh . cute ( cont have ) a wedding party . just imagine if we have a wedding party . everyone dance : first the man . just think of that woman dance . you just have to look at one of they . Goose pimple all over . doske be that what you call it ? ( continued ) 50 s.46 p.51 . murmur of water from the river and bird chirp in the tree . one of the fighter produce a clarinet and start play a famous tune . cute benja and shestan be dance . other fighter join in , until the dance become really huge , with about thirty people in quilt , hang on from each other 's shoulder , jump up and down and scream like wild beast out of pleasure . agnes wake up , startle . she see the man dance . she keep she eye train on shestan 's handsome face . while everyone be dance , a group of people wear different clothes sneak in the back . this be macedonian peasant , armed with rifle and hay fork . nobody notice they . they stop at a short distance from shestan 's fighter . they wave they hand in order to attract the dancer 's attention , but in vain . finally , the macedonian shoot they weapon in the air . the albanian fighter freeze and look around . nobody have be hit . the two side stare at each other , challengingly . macedonian peasant ( in macedonian ) who be you ? shestan who be you ? none of the macedonian reply . cute ( cont have ) ( in albanian ) it look like we have trespasp on the goddamn macedonian territory ! both side remain silent . shestan do not shoot . just stay calm . he start to walk towards the macedonian . doské follow he , in order to stop he . doske do not get any closer , captain . they be armed . shestan stay where you be . I can talk to they . shestan walk towards the macedonian . they wait for he . shestan 's people stay ready for combat . shestan stop in front of the macedonian . ( a1 ) ( continued ) 51 s.46 p.52. macedonian peasant this be Macedonia . what 's you business here ? shestan we lose we way . the map confuse we . now we be go back . my man be dance to shed off the fatigue . the macedonian whisper to each other . shestan 's fighter be inching closer on they guard . the macedonian peasant listen to he in silence , still unconvince . macedonian peasant we think you be prepare for a wedding . shestan wedding ? no , oh yes , but my man just love to rehearse before the wedding . we be expect the best dancer . macedonian peasant mmm , mmm . what kind of music be that ? shestan why do you ask ? macedonian peasant ' Cause we know this tune , too . but we play they properly , much better than you do . shestan well , that 's why we be neighbor . divide by a river . he offer the macedonian he tobacco pouch . shestan ( cont have ) here , roll a cigarette . the macedonian hesitates , look around . doské and cute have take out they own tobacco pouch . one of the macedonian accept the offer , with word of gratitude . everyone else follow . the sight of this score of man smoking evoke a feel of peace . the macedonian be now stare at agnes . he turn to shestan . macedonian peasant that girl over there .. do you use she for fun ? ( continued ) 52 47 s.46 p.53. the macedonian peasant laugh and stare at agnes . she get scared . shestan look at they with a frown . shestan no . we be not here to have that kind of fun . macedonian peasant why do not you give we the girl ? we 'il pay you handsomely . shestan try to control himself . some macedonian peasant giggle . shestan start talk , he voice not disguise the hide threat . shestan we have be trust with that girl ! nobody can touch she . trusted ! bessa ! the give word ! he have now switch to albanian . the macedonian peasant mark it , think for a while , then reply in bad albanian . macedonian peasant I see ! trusted . Vera , in trust . do not know . shestan yeah , Vera . give word . Sacred . both side stare at each other . shestan ( cont have ) we must go now . God bless you ! shestan salute they with hand on he heart . as they cross the river , agnes walk behind shestan , hold at he coat . the macedonian peasant watch they from across the river , still suspicious . ext . river bank . same place . nightfall . 47 shestan 's fighter have set up fire . through he binocular , shestan watch the macedonian across the river , as they light fire , too . doske I say let 's get out of here , captain . nobody know what gift the night will bear . tod let 's go , captain . we ’1ll manage to find we way , somehow . ( continued ) 53 s.47 p.54 . cute hey , what be you talk about ? we have no clue what direction to take whatsoever . we risk trespasp in Greece or Macedonia once again . shestan we stay here . do not do they wrong , neither kill nor rob they . we just get lose . he turn around , notice agnes who be stare at he . shestan ( cont have ) you know what ? he smile . shestan ( cont have ) let 's dance . yes indeed : let 's dance ! all night long till morn 's . so we all stay awake : we and they . halil , come here . the man call halil approach he quickly . shestan ( cont have ) play , and we ’1ll dance . now ! play loud ! halil whistle , and two man show up , carry a violin anda tambourine . the music start . shestan 's man get up and start dance by the fire . on the other bank , the macedonian look surprised . shestan 's man jump up in the air graciously , they kilt flutter like wing . the macedonian watch , while one of they leave for the village . the dance go on and on . ton now it 's the macedonian 's turn to start dance , on the opposite bank of the river . they dance be similar to the albanian 's . they be gradually racing each other . the macedonian orchestra consist of a clarinet , a violin and a drum . shestan and he fighter watch on . now they have to wait for the macedonian to finish dance . they wait cover with sweat . the macedonian dance seem to go on and on forever . doske Captain , this guy will never stop . they be cheating . be better to alternate we number , do not you think ? ( continued ) 54 48 49 s.47 p.55 . shestan they x11 get tired soon , doské , just be patient . but the macedonian keep dance on and on , jump around , scream out of pleasure . ton they look tired now and some of they give up and fall to the ground . but new one join the dance , and it seem it will never end . . now the albanian resume dance without wait for the macedonian to stop . the race become real : which group will outperform the other ? the excitement get out of control . agnes stay crouch , scared by the man 's fury . . the dancer 's crowd be get thin on both side because some of that dance be now down on the ground . still , a couple of man hold on . angry at they opponent 's perseverance , they keep move and shouting in macedonian and albanian . ext . river bank . both side of the river . sunrise . 48 crack of dawn . macedonian and albanian lie on the ground sleep , snore aloud . smoke come out of the fire . ext . mountain road . day 49 shestan 's fighter march through a sunlit mountain landscape . agnes follow shestan . shestan turn around and stare at she . the girl look wear out . shestan we still have to walk a lot . agnes do not reply . she get closer and smile at he . agnes you be very handsome . shestan you say that again and I kill you . agnes look at he with affection agnes be you a Muslim ? shestan answer softly shestan yes ( continued ) 55 50 s.49 p.56 . agnes do you have a wife ? shestan no , why ? agnes how come ? shestan how come ? I do not know . agnes well , you be a man , that 's why . shestan be confuse and do not know what to say . shestan then what ? agnes nothing . just say ... he look at she . agnes lower she eye , hide she smile . shestan hurry away . ext . convent . day 50 shestan knock on the convent 's main gate . no one seem to show up . finally he climb over the gate . shestan anybody there ? no answer . agnes wait . shestan shout out once again . no answer . agnes no , I do not want to stay here . take I with you ! shestan no ! this be where you be go to stay , it 's safe , and the sister be nice to you . agnes no . they be not nice . Witches , you mean . I be scared ... he motion cute to help he . they grab agnes and let she over the wall . mother Superior appear with three nun but they do not open the main gate . mother superior go away , please . you can not stay here ! ( continued ) 56 51 52 53 s.50 p.57 . agnes stare at shestan still sit on the wall . shestan sister , you take she please , for God 's sake . can not keep she longer , we be bound for battle . if we leave she on the road , the beast will make mincemeat of she . mother superior May God help you ! mother Superior , nun and agnes enter the convent while shestan and he man leave . int . convent . corridor . day . 51 agnes shout be hear . agnes ( off screen ) no , I do not want to stay here ! I do not want to stay with you people ! the skinny nun leave she room and walk stealthily in the vault corridor . agnes bang she door int . convent . day . 52 agnes stand behind the door of she room . she hear some noise come from the end of the corridor . suddenly , the door open and four nun come in , grab she , take she to the washroom , and undress she . int . convent . office . day . 53 agnes be in mother Superior 's office , sit on a stool . her hair be still wet , she have a new nun 's uniform , she look nervous . after a while , the door open and mother Superior show up , along with rosseta , the skinny nun . mother Superior sit down in front of agnes , then speak softly , witha threat . mother superior sister rosseta , agnes will stay with we until the war be over . you will have to take care of she . May you love each other through you love in God . mother Superior cross herself , and say a prayer . agnes watch they closely . 57 54 s.54 p.58 . ext . lake . day . 54 a beautiful sunny day . a lake surround by a amphitheatre of hill . shestan 's fighter walk along the shoreline come across a couple of sign that read : islamic princedom of central albania . we admit refugees from kosovo , bosnia and macedonia . we do not admit refugees from serbia , greece and bulgaria . a procession of Catholic believer wear icon and a primitive Christ statue walk pass they sing . alush stare at the Christ 's statue . the procession stop on top of the hill , and lay down the cross . they seem to be wait for something . worried , alush come to shestan . alush what the heck be they do , captain ? shestan dunno . maybe praying . alush I do not think so . there 's something fishy go on there . look at they ! they look like they have lose they mind ! shestan whatever . they be not armed . cute you never know , captain . shestan hey , hey , wait a minute . we can not fight the whole world here ! what they be do it 's none of we business , okay ? alush roll a cigarette . cute come run . cute we get the wrong direction , captain ! we be walk in circle ! doské smile . shestan no , no , we have always be head north . just keep walk ! shestan be stare at the Catholic mob on top of the hill , who now pray to the Christ 's statue . 58 55 56 57 s.55 p.59 . ext . muddy plain . day . 55 the fighter plod they way through the mud . a artillery shell whistle through the air . the shell fly towards the fighter and hit alush tabutgjati who 's drink water from he canteen . alush 's body be split in two . he expire promptly , in a pool of he blood . cute what be that , my brother ?! what be that ? it come out of the blue .. God have mercy upon we ! shestan bury he in a good place . right there ! he point at the muddy plain . ext . riverbed . day . 56 the fighter run to cross the river . the green religious flag with the crescent and the red sultan flag appear on the opposite bank zigzagge above the reed . shestan motion he man to get back into the forest at the foot of the mountain . Shots be hear , then drum beat , then people yell '' Allah akhbar '' but no one be to be see . ext . forest . day . 57 the detachment be engage in battle . the forest scenery be wonderful , but all around we see glimpsis of chaos . Men hat other man . everybody fight against everybody . kus babaj 's man hoist they ottoman Empire flag , yell and play they drum . all be both exhaust and hysterical , some enraged and some panic . Dead and wounded everywhere . doské , run towards kus babaj 's shelter - he look like he 's lose he mind altogether . he scream as he hit a enemy with he bayonet . blood splatter he red all over and cover he face . doske come here , you scum of the earth ; come here so that I can make a shish kebab of you body . you sonofabitch ! he rush to kus babaj but he guard throw he back . doské keep shouting . doske ( cont have ) kus babaj , I 'il go piss on you grave ! you shitty bastard ! ( continued ) 59 58 s.57 p.60 . kus babaj if I get you , I 'il have you ball crush , you pork of a infidel ! doske but you can not get I , you old carrion . come here , if you have the ball ! just come here ! I be invincible , I be a hero ! kus babaj 's rebel shout in chorus : rebel give we we daddy , give we we daddy ! they beat they drum angrily . shestan 's try to help doské , but all he get be a bayonet hit in the arm . shestan knock he down with the butt of he gun . doské collapse on the ground . the beautiful meadow be now litter with the many dead and wounded . shestan my God , everybody 's dead ! kus babaj 's rebel withdraw and disappear behind the tree . no more shot . only moan and cry for help from the wounded . the rebel 's hysterical cackle be still hear through the forest . the fighter withdraw too , drag they wounded . shestan get to doské and try to find a word of courage for he . shestan ( cont have ) do not give in , doské ! we get to get back home . doske no I will not , my captain . I ama hero , I be not go to die . that 's impossible . just give I some raki . cute give he raki with a smile . shestan arm be all red with blood . doské hold he tight , right on he wound . shestan grin . ext . convent . day . 58 outside the convent 's wall . doské lie in front of the main gate . he be about to expire . nun be take care of he . doske play the bell now that I be still alive .. play the bell , I say ! shestan look at mother Superior . she nod with she head , and a young nun run to the bell . ( continued ) 60 s.58 p.61 . shestan turn he eye towards the inner door of the convent . wait . the bell be toll . doské have a smile . doske ( cont have ) you hear ? they be ringing for I ! shestan approach mother Superior . shestan please , mother Superior . keep he here . we can not take he with we . mother superior God forgive I , we cannot . I be so sorry . shestan but mother , we be from a village in the South . mother superior then why do not you go bury he there ? shestan mother , we village be far away . we do not know when we shall be back . you see , we can not keep a dead man with we for week . he 's not go to last . we have to give he a proper burial . mother superior he 's none of we . we can not bury he . shestan be get nervous . shestan how so ? be he not a human be ? okay , just leave he outside , so the dog devour he . as he speak , he catch a glimpse of two nun show up with a couple of bread loaf . he freeze . one of the nun , be agnes . she stop in front of he . he look at she with affection . agnes give he a smile , hand he a bread loaf . shestan accept it . agnes keep she hand on the loaf , to let he know that he must look at the bread , carefully . shestan be aware of she silent request but do not understand . agnes take the loaf away from he hand , and put it in he bag . agnes then leave , but she turn back once again , to have a last look at shestan . shestan seem lose . doské be yell at the nun . doske damn you ! I be die ! play the bell ! ( continued ) 61 59 s.58 p.62. doske ( cont would ) do not want to go anywhere , do not want to stay with that witch ! shestan watch you mouth , doské ! you can not talk like this . we be guest here . doske play the bell ! Christ be resurrected ! I do not go to church , I ? I go to battle ! no , no , I go home . tomorrow ! one of the nun ring the bell , energetically . doské be more and more delirious . doske ( cont have ) do you hear it or not ? please brother , take I home , please ! shestan turn he head , look for agnes , but he can not spot she anymore in the courtyard . the nun have already close the main gate . outside the convent 's wall the fighter be have they meal , and rest . someone be already sing : shestan 's man '' albania , why do not you resist albania , why be you melting away , like flower in March like snow in April ? '' the other sing along . ext . convent . agnes room . day 59 agnes be in she room . the man 's sing be hear come from outside . she pray . she look at shestan through the window and cry . she follow every single move of he : the way he walk , the step he take , he posture , the gesture he make with he hand ; she try to catch he eye as he turn occasionally , towards the convent 's window . agnes please forgive I , God ! she fall on the bed , face forward . she pray to the wooden figurine of Jesus , but she 's so badly in love with shestan . agnes ( cont have ) no , I can not pray . oh , God , why do you make he come here ? suddenly , there be a knock on the door . agnes stand up abruptly . wipe off she tear . the knock be hear again . she open the door : mother Superior . lt ( continued ) 62 60 s.59 p.63. mother Superior and agnes sit face each other . mother superior my dear , God will help you forget , if you help yourself , that be . agnes I can not , mother . I have sin . mother superior we all have . they stay silent for a while . mother superior ( cont have ) if you hope time will make it easier for you , it be not go to happen . if you wait for a man , he might come to you , if he be not kill in the war . but if you wait for God , he will certainly come to you . agnes when be God come , mother ? mother superior I never ask myself that kind of question . agnes why do not you , mother ? be it a sin ? mother superior no , agnes , it 's not . it 's just that you can not answer it . the wait itself be the answer . agnes look at she , take aback . mother Superior stand up rather satisfied with herself , and walk out of the room . int . convent . corridor . day . 60 the skinny nun 's scream be hear echoing throughout the convent . rosetta have lose she mind , and the other nun be hold she firmly , so that she do not hurt herself bump against the wall or the floor . agnes watch the scene from she bedroom door . the skinny nun scream , and the nun hold she above the ground , as they try to tie she up . mother Superior order they to follow she . someone try to muffle rosseta 's scream . two other nun cry , upset by they friend 's breakdown . after a while , the scream can not be hear any more . agnes stay at the door of she room , terrify and lonely . 63 61 62 s.61 p.64 . int . convent . refectory . day . 61 the nun be gather in the refectory . mother Superior speak . mother superior I have bad news for all of we . the king be leave . this be time of trouble . we must be prepare : anything can happen . let 's pray to we Lord , Jesus Christ , so that he grant we protection . the nun cross themselves and pray . mother superior ( cont have ) this be why I will not tell you , because I love you all : that who want to leave - whoever they be - can do it now . Long silence . nobody move . mother superior ( cont have ) God bless you all . mother Superior keep a eye on agnes . the skinny nun look at she too . but agnes keep she head down , without reacting to mother Superior 's word . ext . road through the mountain . sunset . 62 shestan and he fighter be on a long and narrow road through the mountain of Northern albania . they come across a road sign that say : the catholic republic of lezha they knock the sign down and destroy it . shestan lay he bag on the ground and look for the map . he open it , and pick up the bread loaf agnes give he . he share it in half with cute . cute find a letter inside he share . he clean it up , and open it . but he cannot read . he look around to make sure no one have see he , then come near shestan and give he the letter . cute here , that 's what I find , inside you loaf . shestan Inside ? cute what 's in it ? ( continued ) 64 s.62 p.65 . shestan it 's for I . cute for you ? who write it ? shestan can not find a proper answer . he have figure out the letter come from agnes . cute ( cont have ) read it to I , captain , please ! shestan this be from the Bible , cute . the Christians 's Bible . God 's word . cute God 's ? no kid ! please read they to I , captain . shestan reflect , but he eye be dance on the sheet of paper . shestan God say : '' thou shalst not kill ! '' . cute benja reflect then shake he head and resume chew he bread . cute Allah say that too . but who send you this letter ? shestan God do , cute . cute God ? why would God write you ? shestan it be a sign , cute . cute what be this sign , captain ?! I do not get it . shestan God say we should go back home . cute benja speak with a tremble voice . cute God be right . that 's what I say too , let 's go back to we kid . shestan read the letter in low voice . ( continued ) 65 63 s.62 p.66 . shestan '' God say to mose : that man who love a woman but who have not marry she yet , let he go back to she , because if he be kill in battle she will become someone else 's ... '' the letter start tremble in he hand . ext . muslim village . central albania . day . 63 a mosque in the background . the peasant in turkish attire , and a group of dervish dress in white , be listen to the sermon of ahmet the dervish . ahmet be stand on a huge boulder and keep wag the stick he hold in he hand . a drummer crisscross the crowd , beat he drum . he stop when the dervish start talk . ahmet everybody 's go , Allah , but you ! you remain in the sky so that we could remain here on Earth . Father sultan , please forgive she , because she hardly know what she be do ; she turn down you help hand , and prefer a german to you ; a german who can not even keep he pants up . what a shame ! ! shestan 's detachment enter the small square , hold up the King 's flag . the peasant receive they coldly . the dervish stop he speech . cute benja approach a group of man and salute they . cute greeting ! can we buy some food here ? peasant no food here in the village . only Allah can give we bread . ( a3 ) cute mutter something between he tooth , then approach shestan and talk to he in a whisper . shestan tell he to listen to the dervish , while check the surroundings . ahmet 6 great Allah ! can not you see the devil want to do away with albania ? he want the woman 's veil rip open ! but a woman with she veil tear be not a woman anymore but a whore , and whole of albania become a brothel . ( continued ) 66 s.63 p.67 . ahmet ( cont would ) but you , 0 great Allah , you will not allow this to happen , and we you humble servant , we be ready for sacrifice , and we will hang this infidel and miscreant by they foot ! as the dervish go on with he speech , shestan and he companion look at the face of that listen . suddenly , a group of religious kid dress in white robe come out from the mosque , run threateningly , and they join the listener , sit down cross legge . shestan be get very suspicious and feel the situation be turn acid . ( a2 ) ahmet ( cont have ) we do not want a albania with three religion , but a free albania , with the one and only true religion , that of Mohammed 's ! what must be , must be , my son . Allah give I this life , and if Allah request it , I will gladly give he back . the crowd pray and psalmody : crowd . thank you , thank you ! 0 dervish ahmet ! ahmet kneel on he rock and chant he prayer with he eye close . the crowd follow . suddenly , the dervish stop he prayer , stand , and point at the fighter . ahmet what be you look for , brother ? shestan we have like to buy food . we pay for it in cash . ahmet what be you ? shestan we be just people . try to join the war . ahmet the war be over , captain . the king run away like a rat . Allah save we all . Allah be great ! allahu akhbar ! he give we war and he give we bread . ( continued ) 67 64 s.63 p.68. shestan _ you be mistaken , 0 dervish . Men be that who make the war ! ahmet the dervish refuse to answer , climb down the rock and head for the mosque , lean on he walk stick . as shestan 's fighter leave the small square , kid follow they and throw stone at they . they do not react . shestan ( cont have ) let it be , they be just kid . they do not know what they be do . cute that filthy moocher ! with all the stink , still talk about God ! the kid have stop at the end of the square , and keep throw stone at the fighter , mock they until they disappear . ext . blue inn . road . nightfall . 64 the Inn appear in the background . the detachment of the fighter can hardly walk any longer . they be crush with fatigue . cute stop and spit on the ground angrily . cute where 's the war , captain ? seem to be run away from we all the time . do not think we be get anywhere , captain . we be exhaust , walk night and day . shestan answer he sharply . shestan you ask I where the war be ? how should I know , cute ?! we set off for war together . if we can not find it , it 's nobody 's fault . and stop scream as if they be slaughtering you . cute the hell with war ! I want to go back to the village . we have to leave we home , we wife and kid , for this damned war . but what do you know , anyway ? you have neither wife nor kid . shestan be silent . cute keep walk and the other fighter follow he . shestan be leave behind . 68 65 66 s.65 p.69 . dream ( agnes ) . road . sunset 65 sunset . agnes the nun be walk fast on the road . she turn she head towards the set sun . it 's dusk already . she quicken she step , scared . on the other side of the road , she see herself , wear shestan 's coat . agnes stop and look at she . agnes with the coat take the hand of agnes the nun and they walk away . agnes with the coat I know where he be . agnes the nun where ? agnes with the coat I can not tell you . follow I ! agnes the nun do not believe she . agnes with the coat ( cont have ) look , he coat . he lose it on the way . agnes the nun tell I where he be ! agnes with the coat he be on he way to he village . we must find he before he get there . once he 's there , he be get marry . his mom 's find a bride for he . agnes the nun get marry ? agnes with the coat take she by the hand and pull she , but agnes the nun resist , pull she hand away and run to where she be come from . agnes with the coat stand in the middle of the road . it start raining . agnes the nun run away terrify and disappear . agnes open she eye , realize she have be dream . she catch she breath , still terrify by the dream . int . convent . night 66 candle in hand , the skinny nun be at mother Superior 's door . she cry . skinny nun mother , open up , it 's I , rosseta ! open the door , please ! ( continued ) 69 67 s.66 p.70 . mother Superior open the door , surprised by this late visit and ask rosseta inside . skinny nun ( cont have ) mother , may God forgive I ! sister agnes have escape ! mother Superior cross herself . she fill a cup with water and hand it to the cry skinny nun . she put on she black robe , and sit in front of she . mother superior listen , sister . nobody must know she be go . this be God 's will . it 's not you fault . the skinny nun can hardly stop sobbing . mother Superior talk to she softly . mother superior ( cont have ) rosseta , sister agnes be not go to come back . she have choose she own way . that 's life , my dear . a long and wind road , with no end in sight . the end , though , always come to you . the skinny nun , troubled by this wise word , look up at she with affection . ext . hill in front of the blue inn . nightfall 67 kus babaj follow shestan 's fighter through he binocular . ( a4 ) kus babaj come back , my son ! 0 Allah ! they be so tired . tell they to come back and get some rest at the inn ! suddenly , bell start ringing at the convent . kus babaj swear . kus babaj ( cont would ) shut up ! damned whore ! what 's the fuck with this bell now ? guard it 's the infidel 's bayram , kus babaj . kus babaj point he binocular at the fighter . kus babaj come back , my son , come rest at last before the big sleep ... ( continued ) 70 68 69 s.67 p.71 . Pov from the binocular : the fighter walk in line , then shestan verdha 's handsome profile . kus babaj ( cont would ) be you still try to run away from I , my son ? 0 Allah , I pray you , tell they to spend the night at the inn , they be so tired ! through he binocular , he see shestan give a suspicious look at the desert plain surround the inn . ext . road past the blue inn . nightfall . 68 the fighter have now leave the inn behind . cute benja stop , stamp he foot on the ground and yell . cute what do we do now , captain shestan ? can not walk no more . enough . the detachment stop . shestan turn he head and stare at the inn already wrap in darkness . signal he companion to walk back . ext . blue inn . courtyard . nightfall 69 a man with a lantern greet the fighter at the inn 's gate . he be Ali , the inn-keeper . shestan take the lantern from he hand and raise it to the man 's face , Ali bring up a smile . shestan what be you name ? ali Ali . shestan we ’1ll spend the night here . we need you word we be go to be safe . the inn-keeper mark it , show surprise at shestan 's request . ali you have my word ! come inside ! he put he hand over he heart and bow . shestan give we something to eat and then prepare we bed ! we animal have to be attend to as well . here 's some money . he produce some coin and drop they in Ali 's hand . the fighter enter the inn . ( continued ) 71 70 71 s.69 p.72 . Ali motion he two son to go feed the horse . shestan go back to the inn 's gate and check the road . he then go sit on a tree stump and start roll a cigarette . he look downhearted . stare at the moon reflection upon the pond . light he cigarette and start smoking . sleep be close down on he . he go to the pond and splashes some water onto he face . then , he climb on the roof . up there he can see the road and the inn 's courtyard . the need to sleep be become a torture . he wake up with a jolt when the cigarette burn he finger . stands up , listen to the silence . only the frog 's chorus can be hear . he lie down on the roof . he 's asleep . ext . blue inn . roof . night 70 on the roof , shestan be sleep under the star , cover with he coat . suddenly , cute benja 's scary coarse scream be hear , like a diabolic cackle : cute we be get slaughter , brother ! drum be hear , as in the Muslim rebel 's ritual . then a rooster sing . head with red crest and beak open and close . shestan open he eye . the sky be full of star . he hear drum beat . he be still in he dream . he stand up . right at the rooftop he see the shadow of a man with a long knife in he hand , shine in the moonlight , come at he . shestan Ali , be that you ? Ali the innkeeper scream like mad and jump on shestan . the two man roll over fight on the roof . then fly down still fight in the air . the two body land heavily on the haystack . Ali be on top but do not move anymore , while shestan , underneath , have he eye wide open , have a uncanny look . slowly , he close they . ext . agnes 's house . night . 71 still wear the nun 's robe , agnes knock on the door at she house . dog bark . one of they - she dog - come to she recognize she . the door open , and light from a burn candle let somebody 's face be see . agnes father who be it ? come in , please ! agnes daddy , it 's I , agnes ! agnes father who ? ( continued ) 72 s.71 p.73. agnes I , agnes , father ! the man freeze . he bring the candle closer to he daughter 's face . agnes remove the scarf . the man now recognize she . he be shocked . step back , and turn he back on she . agnes open she arm towards she father . agnes ( cont have ) Father , I be back ! the father , although move , raise a hand in denial . father go back to where you come from , girl ! agnes , tearful , take a few step towards he . the man turn to she , threaten . agnes father get off my door , I say ! agnes daddy , please , for God 's sake , let I in ! she fall on she knee . the man go somewhere inside , and then reappear with a rifle . agnes sit with she head lower . agnes father do not tempt I , girl ! go back where you come from ! agnes Father , I can not go back there . I do not want to , I can not live with they . please , do not do this to I ! her father have lose he mind . agnes do not budge , even though the gun 's barrel loom over she head . agnes 's mother have appear on the threshold , and cross herself . agnes look at she . agnes father go away , I say . in God 's name , go away . I do not have a daughter to receive in my house . go away , while it 's still dark and people be asleep . he 's tearful too . agnes do not move . her father raise the gun and shoot at the ground in front of she . gravel sprinkle everywhere . dog bark . agnes be startle , but she still refuse to move . the father brusquely push he wife aside , and close the door . ( continued ) 73 72 73 74 75 s.71 p.74 . agnes stay for a while on she knee , then stand up and go to the well . she take some water , wash off she tear . her dog come back to she , questioningly . ext . agnes 's village . night 72 agnes walk through she village . she be scared , dog bark rooster protest and cackle . she stop walk and look around . ext . country road . break of dawn . 73 agnes walk fast on a desert country road . ext . blue inn . courtyard . sunrise . 74 the sun be come slowly out . shestan 's fighter 's severe head fly out through the inn 's main entry door and fall in the mud , with the rebel scream . drum be be play and kus babaj 's man be dance and sing around the head . kus babaj 's men '' we set off for paradise , but end up in hell , albania , you whore , you have poison we all . five hundred year of fun , what do you want now , boy . albania , you whore , you have poison we all . in the inn 's courtyard shestan sit in a armchair , hold he wounded belly . kus babaj stand besides he play with he rosary . kus babaj you friend be go to paradise . shestan look at the pile of severe head . ext . muslim village . wooden carousel . day . 75 kus babaj and shestan verdha ride the carousel . kus babaj stare at he with desire and talk to he affectionately . kus babaj be you Christian ? shestan no. Muslim . kus babaj really ? I think you be Christian . my lover vasilakis be a Christian . do you know what happen to he ? they kill he , they slice he through the nipple . ( continued ) 74 s.75 p.75 . silence . the carousel move around whining and make all sort of crack sound . kus babaj sigh and seem about to cry . shestan what do you want to tell I ? kus babaj what be it that you want ? shestan we be look for war . kus babaj what war ? shestan the real one . kus babaj laugh out loud , flash he gold tooth . kus babaj there never be a real one . man go to war in order to fool himself . or maybe because he do not know what to do with he life . or because he can not stay home . look at I : do you know why I roam the country like this ? shestan no , but it 's one of the question I want ... kus babaj because I have nothing leave . my heart be break . I be a lonely man . be you in love ? ( a5 ) shestan do not answer . he stand up , unaware of the spin carousel . kus babaj ( cont would ) where be you go ? wait ! shestan jump off the platform . kus babaj follow he with he eye , and call out to he . kus babaj ( cont would ) why waste you life ? you be go to get kill , you pretty thing ... shestan walk away and pass kus babaj 's rebel sit cross legge around a fire . kus babaj , still riding the carousel , have tear in he eye . 75 76 77 78 s.76 p.76 . dream ( shestan ) . shestan 's house . 76 the rooster be sing . shestan be sit next to the fireplace in he house , wear a white shirt . a big bread loaf be be baked on the cinder . agnes show up at the door , dress like a nun . she smile . she carry in she hand a steaming hot water basin . she approach shestan look at each other in the eye . shestan wash he hand and he face . he then take agnes 's hand , and she kneel next to he . shestan lower she black robe , and she appear naked . shestan slowly wash she face , she body , she leg . agnes pick the bread loaf from the hearth , blow off the ash to clean it , break the bread and give a piece to shestan , who stare and smile at she .. ext . nun 's convent . dawn . 77 the nun walk out of the convent 's gate and walk up the dusty road in procession . the bell toll . ext . crossroad . late morning . xxx 78 agnes walk on a country road . she arrive at a crossroad where people be go up to the Hill of Holy grave . she see in the distance the procession of nun come towards she she kneel on the side of the road and wait for they . ( a6 ) the procession of nun be about to pass agnes still kneel on the side of the road , when mother Superior suddenly notice she and tell the nun to halt . agnes throw herself flat on the ground , ask for forgiveness . mother Superior look at she , then make sure the other nun be listen . then she speak : mother superior now , now , my child , come ... rise up . agnes get on she knee , head bow . mother superior ( cont have ) why do not you go back home ? agnes I can not , mother . I have sin . mother superior do you remember what I tell you once ? silence mother superior ( cont have ) I tell you you have to choose between the love of God and that of a man . ( continued ) 76 79 s.78 p.77 . mother superior ( cont would ) that if you wait for God , he will certainly come to you , but if you wait for a man , it be not go to happen , even if he be not kill in the war . do you remember ? agnes yes , mother . mother Superior speak with a soothing humbleness : mother superior poor agnes , you see , I - myself - be not much in the eye of the almighty , and I do not want to make a prediction . I be not a soothsayer . I be too small a be on this earth to have the power to know what will happen in the future . only God know what will happen , and he shall prevail . we all put we faith in him . maybe God speak through my word when he try to warn you , and this be why what I tell you can not be a prediction . agnes look defeat but do not move . she do not quite catch what mother Superior be get at ... mother superior ( cont have ) of course I know , my poor child , you do not want this to happen , but it have happen . that 's the way it go in life . I have hear that a party of albanian Muslims from the village of mokér have be slaughter about twenty kilometer from here in a ambush , inside some inn . it be a massacre , I be tell : none of they survive . I believe we be talk about the same people . I be really sorry . then mother Superior just walk away towards the Sacred hill , follow by she nun and some people . agnes be completely destroy . a crowd pass by , she do not move for a while . some wind blow . time pass while she stay curl up in the dust . finally she rise . she seem elsewhere . she follow the crowd like a ghost . her robe be gray with dust ext . hill of the holy grave . sunny day . 79 the hill shimmer under the sun . two different procession join each other on the top of the hill . ( continued ) 77 s.79 p.78 . the first be compose of Catholic peasant from St. Mary 's village with a large cross carry by several people . the other procession come from the neighbor Muslim village of Zall her , hoist the green flag with the moon crescent . agnes get in the crowd and hide behind the nun . on top of the hill , a Muslim old timer point to a large rock , half bury in the ground . there 's a Arabic inscription on one side of the rock , and a Latin inscription on the other side . he point to the sky . ( a7 ) old man listen to I , all of you ! this be the Holy grave of Saint doruntina , a saint for Muslims and Christians ! ahmet the dervish will be bury alive and will stay inside he grave until sunset . we shall dig he out only then , and if Allah help he stay alive , we will erect the mosque right here . nobody will have to fight about it any more ! now it 's up to you , Christians to select one of you kind , to be sacrifice and see whether he 'il make it until sunset . if nobody want to be sacrifice , then go back to you place and ring you bell , and let everyone know that a mosque be go to be build right here , with Allah 's help ! Three man be already digging the grave for ahmet . he sit by the grave and wait : he pray , rosary in hand . the Catholic side remain silent . the old Muslim yell out loud . old man ( cont have ) be not there anyone among you Christians , who be ready to give up he life for he God ? silence . ( a8 ) agnes turn to the assembly and speak out with a loud voice . agnes listen to I , people , Muslims and Christians ! take I to the cross : I want to be crucify ! let my father know that he daughter follow God 's way , let everyone here or above know this ! the nun can hardly believe they ear . agnes 's decision be final . everybody else be talk . ahmet the dervish , look incredulous . the Catholic crowd start praying , in chorus . they kneel . ( continued ) 78 80 81 s.79 p.79 . agnes be tremble . the nun kneel in front of the statue of Jesus and pray . everybody be take by a frenzy of prayer . the Christian side repeat in chorus : '' amen , amen '' . agnes take a few step forward and look at the assembly . mother Superior shake she head , look away in apparent disapproval . agnes cross herself and cover she face , so that nobody can see she pain . the cross be laid down . the old man speak . old man when everything be ready , we will leave they alone with they God . at sunset , it will be over : if the dervish have survive , we shall build the mosque ; if the woman have survive , you may build you church . if they be both dead , nothing 's go to be erect . murmur . ahmet the dervish be give some water . the skinny nun take water to agnes . agnes recognize she , and smile . drink water from she hand . skinny nun I 'il watch you . live on , sister May God be with you ! this be a great day ! she hug she . agnes lie down on the cross . ahmet the dervish climb down the open grave . his people encourage he by say they prayer around the hole in the ground . he lie down . people throw earth on he . he be see smile . hammer be hear drive the spike into the cross . the Catholic people cross themselves and pray . some nun cry . bird be sing . ext . muslim village . mosque . noon . 80 ( a9 ) shestan appear on the village 's square . he enter the mosque . nobody 's inside . shestan lie on the rug . the muezzin 's step be hear , as he come down the stair . he be very young . shestan I come from the battle . everyone be kill . muezzin do you kill anyone ? ext . hill of the holy grave . noon . 81 the hill shimmer under the sun . the cross with the crucify agnes be visible on the summit . the crowd have leave . a man smoking tobacco sit near the hole where they bury ahmet the dervish . ( continued ) 79 s.81 p.80 . the skinny nun be on she knee in front of the cross , praying . on the cross , agnes do not budge . her head have fall on she chest from exhaustion . the Muslim man bend over the pile of earth , and place he ear on the ground , listen . he turn to the skinny nun , exhilated . muslim man he 's sing ! the man be sing ! that 's what I call a brave man may Allah give he strength ! the skinny nun give the man a astonished look . skinny nun sing ? how come ? muslim man he do sing , by Allah ! come ! come , and listen to he ! horrify , the skinny nun approach the dervish 's grave . she kneel then lean she cheek against the freshly move earth . she can not hear a thing . muslim man ( cont would ) can you hear it ? skinny nun no. muslim man well , listen better ! skinny nun no song , nothing . can not hear a thing . muslim man what be you talk about !? he be sing only a minute ago ! get away from there ! the Muslim man almost push she away . the skinny nun stand up , tremble . the Muslim man place he ear against the grave . stays in that position for a while , then stand up , look cheerful . start shouting . muslim man ( cont would ) he be sing again ! the skinny nun look at he , skeptical . skinny nun if you say so . the man roll a cigarette , content . the skinny nun go to the cross and talk to agnes . ( continued ) 80 s.81 p.81 . skinny nun ( cont have ) agnes , agnes , sister ! can you hear I ? the man stare at agnes , also wait for a reaction . agnes move she head a little . the skinny nun take a breath of relief . agnes be still alive . the Muslim man pick up the water jug to drink , then look at the skinny nun . he get up come to she and hand she the jug . the skinny nun refuse . the man look at she , surprised . he shrug and walk away , still carry the jug . he drink , then sit cross legge , and start count the bead on he rosary . ton the sun be now at its high . Three people from the Muslim village and three from the Catholic - among which mother Superior - have come to check the bury dervish and the crucify agnes . agnes be still alive , but very pale . blood have trickle along she limb to the ground . the skinny nun cry softly . agnes open she eye , stare at they , then dazzle by the sun , look dizzily down at the cry skinny nun . muslim man she 's alive . catholic man yes , she 's alive . skinny nun of course she 's alive ! the skinny nun approach mother Superior . skinny nun ( cont have ) mother , she 's in pain , we should bring she down from the cross . it 's a terrible pain . maybe we should stop this now . mother superior now be too late , sister . May God give she life ! they move to the grave where ahmet the dervish be bury . the first man place he ear against the earth and listen carefully . muslim man he 's alive . the Catholic man listen too . catholic man yes , he 's alive . that 's weird ! ( continued ) 81 82 s.81 p.82. the Muslim do not like this word . muslim man why weird ? of course he 's alive ! we hear he sing ! ahmet the dervish have be bury alive many time when he serve the sultan as a soldier , in the Arabian Desert . the Catholic look at each other , annoyed , then the two group leave and head for different direction . the skinny nun stand face the cross , without move . the bird be sing . int . muslim village . mosque . noon . 82 Inside the mosque , the muezzin attend shestan 's wound . he damp he lip with a wet cloth . shestan I put myself in you hand . the muezzin smile . muezzin you put yourself in Allah 's hand . shestan produce agnes 's letter , and show it to the muezzin . shestan who be mose ? the muezzin read . muezzin musa the prophet , a great fighter and a very wise man . use to take order from Allah . shestan look stunne . shestan order from Allah ?! muezzin yes indeed . now listen , good man ! do not ever come back to this place . shestan why ? the muezzin do not answer . he just stare at he . ( continued ) 82 83 84 s.82 p.83 . muezzin and do not take the road . go through to the hill . it 's easy to spot : they have crucify a woman there , a nun , this very morning . shestan a nun , you say ? muezzin I do not know . her father , they say , want she to be crucify . shestan her father ? muezzin he reject she . shestan be already out of the mosque . the muezzin follow he . shestan I owe you one , my friend ! shestan be already out of sight . muezzin May Allah be with you ! ext . muslim village . noon . 83 shestan run around the hill . go past a fence where somebody have hang black clothes to dry . pick they up make sure nobody 's watch , and run away . ext . hill of the holy grave . noon . 84 ( a10 ) a woman figure dress in black , carry wood on she back , be painfully climb up the hill . it be shestan disguise as a Muslim woman in wide breech , with a black veil on she head . he finally see the cross with the human figure on it . he get closer to the top . the Muslim man on guard at the dervish 's tomb walk to the cross , where the skinny nun be watch over agnes . he stop and stare at agnes , who be cover in blood . shake he head in wonder , awe and incomprehension . muslim man my God ! that 's what it be , when you lose you mind : you become a Christian ! ( continued ) 83 s.84 p.84 . the skinny nun look at he , angere . the man be embarrassed by the skinny nun 's gaze , and leave . he go sit , cross legge , near the dervish 's tomb , and sulk . shestan verdha show up on the top of the hill . he can not yet recognize the face of the person on the cross . he see a nun sit at the base of the cross , and a few yard away , a man smoking he pipe next to a pile of fresh earth . the man spot he , stand up and yell at he . muslim man ( cont would ) hey , old woman , go away ! hurry up ! go away ! this be a sacred place ! shestan approach humbly , throw the wood away , and pull out a large knife to the man 's throat . ( a11 ) shestan do not say a word , or you die ! the Muslim man stop dead and nod . shestan motion to the cross . shestan ( cont have ) you do understand ? the man nod , frighten . shestan tie up he hand with a rope , and then stuff he mouth with the veil . the skinny nun recognize shestan . shestan run to the cross , grab the ladder and place it against the cross . climb up and uncover the girl 's face . agnes . he lean he head against she chest . she be still alive . see the nail through she wrist . agnes who be you ? shestan what have you do ? he produce he knife , grab a rock from the ground , and go back to the cross . start use the knife and the rock , like a lever , to pull out the nail . agnes moan . skinny nun you can not do this ! agnes choose the cross herself ! I be here to watch on she . please , leave she alone ! this be sacrilege ! he keep work on the nail . agnes moan in pain . she do not recognize he . shestan remove the nail . ( continued ) 84 s.84 p.85 . skinny nun ( cont would ) why be you do this ? I take a oath , with God . this be sacrilege ! ( a12 ) shestan God ? which God ? tell I ! what kind of god be he ? be he the god who bring you here ? who tell you to do this ? agnes ( delirious ) who be you who take so many form ? what be you name ? shestan please , tell I yours ! agnes ( half conscious ) agnes ! agnes be my name . shestan agnes . I have see you in a dreanm ... agnes ( half conscious ) yes . I too . with the skinny nun 's help , shestan lay agnes on the ground . shestan take he water bottle , and pour a few drop on agnes 's dry lip . agnes be thirsty , want to drink . agnes be shaking . she look at he , shestan hold she wrap in he arm . agnes motion towards the grave where ahmet be bury . agnes ( cont have ) there 's a man bury there ... shestan do not understand . agnes point to the pile of fresh earth . he can not believe she . skinny nun it 's a sin , be not it ? a man , bury alive ? shestan grab she by the arm , and have she sit on the ground , by the grave . agnes be shaking from shock . the tie up Muslim man stare , terrify . shestan unty he , and talk to he harshly , with he knife against the man 's throat . shestan dig the man out of the grave ! ( continued ) 85 5.84 p.86 . the man be so scared he can hardly move . muslim man I can not . it 's sacrilege ! shestan grab he by the throat and shout . shestan dig , I say , or you die ! the man , out of fear , suddenly start digging very fast the soft earth with he bare hand . shestan help he out digging with the knife . he finally reach the burry man still alive , smear with mud . shestan pull he out from the grave . remove the mud from he face , and notice how pale the man be . shestan ( cont have ) he 's breathe , he 's breathe , he 's alive ! muslim man of course he 's alive ! I hear he sing ! shestan sing ? muslim man yes , he be sing a sura from the Koran . shestan order he to give the man some water . the skinny nun approach agnes and hug she . shestan talk to the Muslim man . shestan if anyone ask you what happen here , you 'il tell they God 's angel show up and take they away . do you understand ? muslim man yes , yes , of course , I will ... shestan say it ! the man repeat the word , frighten . muslim man an- angel - of - god-came-down-and-took - they -away ! shestan good . ( continued ) 86 85 86 87 s.84 p.87 shestan take agnes in he arm , and start walk . shestan ( cont have ) please , stay alive ! the skinny nun and the Muslim man remain on the hill top stare at they as they go . ext . wheat field . sunset . 85 shestan hide with agnes in a wheat field gild by the set sun . he pick a couple of ear , crush they , and give they to agnes . agnes try to chew , but swallow with visible pain . he give she some water from the gourd , then some more fresh wheat to eat . agnes look at he , with admiration . shestan stare at the sun , about to set . cattle bell be hear , as they herd be come home from the meadow . shestan stand up , and see the sheep scattered all over the plateau . a shepherd on a mule whistle at the sheep . ext . road . muslim village . dawn . 86 shestan put a crown make out of wheat on agnes 's head . shestan agnes , now you be a Saint shestan , dress up like a shepherd , pull a mule on which agnes can be see , she head cover with a long white scarf , hold by a tiara of wheat . she look like a holy woman , take part in a ritual . they walk by a field where peasant be work . the peasant respectfully stop and watch they pass by . ext . christian village . day . 87 they go through a Christian village . people first look at they with curiosity , and child run after they . some woman start praying , then kneel when they see the wound . two old lady approach shestan and give he water , plum and fig . they cross themselves . women glory to Jesus Christ , we Lord . now and forever . where be you head to , young man ? shestan try to cross himself , a little confuse , and do not know what to answer right away . he stop the mule and look at the small crowd surround he : they be all curious . shestan this woman be holy ! she be a Saint ! ( continued ) 87 88 89 90 s.87 p.88 . people watch he , still incredulous . shestan approach agnes on the mule , remove she scarf and show they she wrist and ankle , with the nail wound . stigmata ! people be flabbergasted , some woman scream out of wonder , one of they faint . they all fall on they knee , and pray . shestan ( cont would ) this girl be sanctify on the cross . I be now take she home , to she parent , to the village of shen pal already , they all want to touch agnes 's robe . one by one they follow shestan and the Saint woman on the road . ext . road . end of afternoon . 88 later , on the road . now , the procession with agnes , the Saint woman , already count more than a hundred people . it have change into a magnificent ritual . shestan look at the huge line of people . can not believe he eye . now he be sure it will be easier to take agnes back home . it work . ext . agnes 's village . sunset . 89 the procession with the Saint reach shen pal , agnes ' village , by sunset . the crowd be even bigger now and they be chant : crowd glory to we Lord , Jesus ! now and for ever ! shestan be move by what he see and hear . he look at agnes who sit , hieratic and fearless like a veile statue , on she mule . ext . agnes 's house . courtyard . sunset . 90 the long procession stop in front of agnes 's house . shestan help agnes get off the mule . he uncover she face . people recognize she , and express they admiration : crowd agnes have be sanctify by we Lord ! agnes be God send ! we agnes have become a Saint ! agnes 's family have come out of the house : father , mother sister and brother . agnes enter the courtyard majestically , then cross herself and kneel . everyone can see the stigmata on she wrist and ankle . the crowd kneel . ( continued ) 88 91 92 93 94 s.90 p.89 . her mother have now recognize she , and she be stupefy . her father approach she , astound , see he daughter 's pale face , the dry blood on she wound . shestan talk to agnes 's parent . everyone listen in silence . shestan agnes be sanctify on the cross . this be the almighty 's will . she now have come home to see she mother and father , and to give she bless to all you people . we be tired , we have a long journey . nobody say a word , people pray : they be witness a miracle . agnes 's father look at shestan . shestan look back at he . agnes keep she eye close and tear roll down she cheek . everybody ( include agnes 's parent ) have fall on they knee in front of agnes , and pray . agnes look at she mother through she tear . then , she stand up and majestically enter the house . all she family follow she inside . the door remain open . around the house hundred of people now sit and pray . they have light up hundred of candle . shestan roll a cigarette . int . agnes 's house . womens 's room . night . 91 agnes be sit with she back to the fireplace . glimpsis of the fire crown she head and the reflection of the light on she white clothes give she complexion a inner brightness . her mother and sister be sit in front of she at some distance , show she a unusual respect . the tabletop and furniture be crowded with present and flower . many woman be now in the room . everybody look at she with admiration . one of the woman bring agnes she little baby for benediction , she touch its forehead . int . agnes 's house . mens 's room . night . 92 there be only man around the open fire . agnes father offer he tobacco box to the guest . in this room the tabletop and furniture be also crowded with present . no one talk . everyone in the room stare at he with due respect to the father of agnes , as if wait for a explanation of what have just happen to he daughter . agnes 's father proudly ignore a few suspicious look , now he have recover he honor . ext . agnes 's house . night . 93 shestan be take off the mule 's saddle . hundred of candle light up the face of people praying in front of the house . int . agnes 's house . womens 's room . night . 94 agnes mother cross herself and talk to agnes . ( continued ) 89 95 96 s.94 p.90 . agnes mother agnes , be you go to stay home ? agnes no , mother . agnes mother where be go , then ? agnes Far away , mother . agnes mother what be you go to do ? agnes I have to meet other people . agnes 's mother look at she , in pain . agnes mother be you go to have a house ? agnes maybe , mother . agnes mother be you go to see we again ? agnes look at she , she can not hold she tear . agnes I do not know , mother . they embrace each other . ext . agnes 's house . night . 95 there be hundred of candle light all over the place , in the garden , on the roof , everywhere . it be like a holy night . people have gather around open fire and talk in a low voice . many of they pray . it sound like a wide murmur . shestan be feed the mule with oat . he try to see what be go on inside agnes 's house . he only see many people get in and out , but cannot see agnes . ext . agnes 's house . night . 96 shestan be sleep peacefully , coiled up inside a warm blanket . around he , people be still praying . the flame of the candle dance under a light breeze . 90 97 98 s.97 p.91 . ext . agnes 's house . night . 97 agnes 's father walk fast towards where shestan be sleep . with a oil lamp in he hand he try to scan shestan 's face . it seem he want to know who be this man who be take he daughter from he , and at the same time have give he back he honor . he can not quite make it out . he stay there for a while , just look at shestan asleep . then he lay some bread , cheese and water near shestan . he then sit and cross he leg , wait for he to wake up . ext . agnes 's house . sunrise . 98 Sun be rise up . rooster be hear everywhere . shestan open he eye . he wake up . he can not believe he eye . in front of he face sit agnes 's father , cross-legged . shestan good morning ! agnes father do not reply . he just hand he he tobacco pouch . shestan take it and roll a cigarette . agnes father I want you to tell I something . shestan go ahead . agnes father what have really happen to my daughter ? I think you know it . shestan stand up , look at he and start to harness the mule 's saddle . agnes 's father stare at he . shestan pull the mule toward the house . agnes 's father go after he . agnes father ( cont would ) tell I what happen to my daughter ... shestan do not answer he , he just pull the mule to agnes 's house through the courtyard . agnes father ( cont would ) why do not you tell I ? I be she father ... shestan just hold the mule . agnes show up on the doorstep , she mother and other woman follow she . they kneel . shestan help agnes get on the mule . her mother and sister cry . agnes 's father stand behind they . shestan and agnes on the mule now leave . the crowd follow they in procession . 91 99 100 101 s.99 p.92. ext . agnes 's village . morning . 99 agnes and shestan , who pull the mule , leave agnes 's village . dozen of people do not follow they , they cross themselves and kneel . they wave to the saint . they pray , watch the couple fade away in the morning light . ext . road . day . 100 agnes have stop the mule . she look around . agnes I have to change my clothes . shestan look at she , surprised . agnes do not make a single move . after a second , shestan understand she do not want he to look at she . shestan oh , yes .. I will not look at you . he move to the other side of the mule and turn he back to she . agnes take off she austere nun 's dress . she turn it inside out , pull here and there , undoe a seam , turn the nun 's dress inside out once again , and with a few enchant gesture , the dress she now put on be all white . she lay the white veil on she head in some gracious way . agnes now you can turn around . shestan turn around and he be dazzle : agnes smile and beam in a totally white dress , the wedding dress she have magically improvise . he walk around she and help she get on the mule . agnes beam . ext . wheat field . night . 101 shestan and agnes lie , turn they back on each other . the Moon be full . shestan can not sleep . neither can agnes . they be both shy . shestan be you cold ? agnes no . be you ? shestan no . be you hungry ? ( continued ) 92 102 103 104 105 s.101 p.93 . agnes no . shestan be you scared ? agnes scare ? I do not know . ext . wheat field . dawn . 102 they wake up in each other 's arm . ext . ottoman stone bridge . dawn . 103 a old ottoman bridge , long and narrow . they cross the bridge both riding the mule . peasant with cart pass they by , look at they , amused , and say hello . ext . SMALL town . day . 104 shestan tie the mule to a pole and give it some oat . people sit outside a small café look at they with some curiosity . shestan help agnes get off the mule and they both walk to a shop on the door of which a sign read : fotograf sotiri ( sotir , the photographer ) int . photographer 's shop . day . 105 a incredible variety of photo be hang on the wall : family , wedding , fighter . shestan and agnes look at the photographer 's hand , as he flip through some photo ina big box . shestan seem forlorn . sotir , the photographer , shrug , puzzle . sotir that 's weird . it 's not here . can not find you , neither you bride . shestan it 's not that kind of photo , sir . it 's a picture of I with my companion . you take it yourself , on the square , over there . sotir on the square ? when be that ? shestan some month ago , I do not quite remember when . we have a canon and a mule with we . ( continued ) 93 106 107 108 s.105 p.94 . sotir ah , yes ! now I remember ! all the fuss you have to make ! there you go ! he point at a spot on the wall . shestan look at the wall and see the photo with the familiar face of cute , tod doské , alush , méhill , marko , andrea , tod , aleksander , hyské , and the other . they be all smile and happy . agnes get closer to have a look at the photo too . shestan be freeze . a heavy silence . shestan I want a picture of I with my wife shestan give sotir a gold coin . sotir bite on it to check it . / shestan , sit in a wooden armchair , and agnes with she hand on he shoulder , be be photograph . shestan , face camera , hold the picture of he and he friend in he lap . ext . shore of a great lake - south - eastern albania . day . 106 shestan and agnes wash hand and face in the pure water of the lake . shestan look at agnes 's beautiful hand . he take they in he hand and bring they to he lip . ext . mountain . south -eastern albania . day . 107 they cross the pass between two mountain . house of a small village appear in the distance , on the plateau . shestan look ! this be my village . over there ! he point at the mountain . agnes try to find out the faraway village . she listen to he . shestan ( cont have ) one day you will go see you family again . you 'il take the mule and I ’1l1 come with you . I have to give the mule back . this shepherd , he be a friend . ext . village of moker . field . day . 108 shestan walk along the crop field , lead the mule with agnes on it . in the distance , he see two man ploughing . ( continued ) 94 109 110 s.108 p.95 . this two stop work , and look at the man who be pull the mule with the bride on it . they be cute benja and tod allamani . they make it to the village before shestan . cute tod , what kind of man would take a bride like this ? be not it strange ? tod yes , sure , cute , it be ! cute how come there 's a wedding in the village and we know nothing ? this be unheard of . they be take aback . can not take they eye off the man pull the mule with the bride on it , but can not recognize he , he be too far away . cute ( cont would ) this guy must be nut , bring he bride over just like this , as if she be some game out of a hunt ! something must have happen . I can feel it . that 's the kind of thing I can feel from a long way off ! let 's finish this , and we go see what 's go on ! they resume they ploughing . shestan see the two man work in the field , but he cannot recognize he two friend , they be too far away . he pull at the mule , and hurry up . ext . village of moker . day . 109 shestan and agnes arrive at the village . they stop . shestan see , my house 's the one over there . you see the smoke ? my mother must be inside . she most likely think I be dead . he can barely hold he joy . agnes adjust the scarf . they ride on . kid follow they and keep yell . kide the bride , the bride , the bride ! ext . shestan 's house . day . 110 subtitle : 28 July 1914 ( continued ) 95 s.110 p.96 . shestan and agnes be get marry . everyone from the village be there , dance and sing . a one - legge cute come in , hold on he crutch , follow by he child and tod . cute raise he arm and music stop . everyone look at he . cute War , war have start . silence . shestan look at he . cute and tod go to shestan . they shake hand and embrace . shestan 's mother play the music . loud ! people start to sing and dance . shestan , cute and tod raise a toast . tod War be come , captain . cute War be come , captain . shestan to life ! they drink , then shestan take they to dance . in the middle , cute hold on to they arm , and the three man dance together like crazy . foro io I I ae the end 96