" ferris bueller' day off " by John Hughes shoot script July 24 , 1985 " ferris bueller' day off " 1 black screen 1 MAIN title it's silent . a beat ... and a explosion of SOUND . a household in the morning . kide getting ready for school . clock radios . kitchen appliance . shower . fighting . people yelling . dog barking . appliance buz . car horn . it sound just like you house did . stream of rock 'n roll fade in and out . huey lewis to lionel ritchie to husker du . surround make it feel like you 're in the room . a aural tour of a house on a school morning . begining in the kitchen and moving upstair . father' voice ( tom ) where 's my wallet ?! seven year old boy ( todd ) you idiot !! twelve year old girl ( KIMBERLY ) mom ! todd shut - up ! eighteen year old girl ( jeanie ) I need a towel !! tom joyce ! KIMBERLY ( whisper , sadistic ) when you turn ten , you head 's go to swell up real big like a watermelon and we be go to have to put you to sleep like they do with a dog . todd mom ! tom joyce !! jeanie who pissed on the toilet seat !? mother !! tom where 's Mom ? todd be my head go to swell up ? tom what ?! jeanie oh , my GOD ! the toilet paper' all wet !!! mother ( joyce ) ( scream ) tom ! the house fall dead silent . we hear footstep thunder through the house . a tense strain of music fade up . todd what 's that ? KIMBERLY wait ! hold still ! todd what ?! KIMBERLY you head start to swell up !! Todd scream . we hear the sound of Tom 's footstep run through the kitchen , down the hall , up the stair , up the hallway . a door open . tom ( breathless ) what 's the matter ? joyce ( worried ) it 's ferris ! tom what 's wrong ? joyce ( snap ) what 's wrong ? for Christ 's sake ! look at he ! 2 close -up . ferris 2 a eighteen year - old boy . he 's stare lifelessly at camera . his mouth 's open . his eye be bugge - out . his tongue be fat and dry in he mouth . he 's lay in bed , on he side . 3 int . boy' bedroom 3 ferris ' parent , tom and joyce bueller be stand at bedside . they be in they late forty , early fifty . handsome , upper-middle class parent . they be both dress for work . tom ferris ? joyce he do not have a fever . but he say he stomach hurt and he 's see spot . 4 close -up . ferris 4 his lifeless eye blink . 5 int . bedroom . parent 5 Tom bend down and touch ferris ' forehead . tom what 's the matter , ferris ? joyce feel he hand . they be cold and clammy . Tom take one of ferris ' hand . tom ( discreetly ) should you call the doctor ? joyce ( whisper ) he do not want I to . tom why do not you want Mom to call the doctor ? ferris exhales loudly . he try to speak but all he can manage be a choke gasp . tom what ? ferris try again . ferris ( raspy ) do not make a fuss . I be fine . I will get up . he start to get up . Joyce gently push he back down . ferris I have a test today . I have to take it . I want to get into a good college so I can have a fruitful life ... joyce you be not go to school like this . ( to Tom ) maybe I should call the office and tell they I will not be in . ferris I be okay , Mom . I feel perfectly ... oh , God ! he 's grip by a seizure . his body stiffen and he choke . his older sister , jeanie , walk into the room . she 's dress for school . she 's cute and stick -up . a major pill . jean oh , fine . what 's this ? what 's he problem ? joyce he do not feel well . jean yeah , right . dry that one out and you can fertilize the lawn . tom that 's enough , jeanie . jeanie you be not fall for this , be you ? tell I you be not fall for this . ferris be that jeanie ? I can not see that far . jeanie ? jeanie pucker up and squat , ferris . joyce ( annoyed ) thank you , jeanie . get to school . jeanie ( angry , defeat ) you be really let he stay home ? I can not believe this . if I be bleed out my eye , you guy would make I go to school . it 's so unfair . ferris please do not be upset with I , jeanie . be thankful that you be fit and have you health . cherish it . jeanie ( to herself ) oh , I wanna puke . she glare at ferris . her eye be mascara and vengence . she slip out of the room . ferris ' brother , todd and sister , KIMBERLY peek into the room . KIMBERLY myocardial infarction ? joyce get you stuff . daddy will be right down . KIMBERLY syphilitic meningitus ? that would be a huge family embarrassment . tom get downstairs ! KIMBERLY if he die , I get dib on he stereo . she turn sharply and exit . todd ( worried ) dad ? do my head look alright ? joyce get downstairs ! now ! todd just answer I one question ! be it swell up ? Kim say it be go to get as big as ... KIMBERLY ( oc ) a watermelon ! todd ( yell out the room ) shut-up ! joyce get downstairs ! now ! Todd back out of the room . ferris I will be okay . I will just sleep . maybe I will have a aspirin around noon . joyce ( to ferris ) I be show house to the family from California today but I will be in the area . my office will know where I be , if you need I . tom I will check it with you , too . ferris it 's nice to know I have such loving , caring parent . you be both very special people . 6 cu . ferris 6 he acknowledge Tom with a pathetic flutter of he eyelid . 7 int . bedroom . joyce 7 she stroke ferris ' hair . joyce I hope you feel better , pumpkin . she lean down and kiss he forehead . Tom pat he shoulder . tom get some rest . 8 cu . ferris 8 ferris let out a wheeze . his glassy eye follow he parent to the door . joyce ( oc ) we love you , sweetie . tom ( oc ) call if you need we . they close the door . the lock click . ferris ' eye shift from the door to camera . a sly , little smile crawl across he lip . ferris they buy it . the MTV theme music roar in . 9 cu . tv screen 9 the tv at the foot of ferris ' bed . the MTV logo be play . 10 int . bedroom 10 ferris yank open the drape . the pall of the sickroom disappear in the brilliant glow of morning sunlight . ferris incredible ! one of the worst performance of my career and they never doubted it for a second . ( look out the window ) what a beautiful day ! he turn from the window . ferris Parents always fall for the clammy hand . it 's physical evidence of illness . it 's a good , non-specific symptom . Parents be generally pretty hip to the fever scam . and to make they work you have to go a hundred and one , hundred and two . you get a nervous mother and you end up in a doctor 's office and that 's worse than school . he flip on he stereo and fill the room with the MTV broadcast . a new song begin . ferris Fake a stomach cramp and when you be double over , moan and wail , just lick you palm . it 's a little stupid and childish but then so if high school . right ? he equalize the sound a little . ferris this be my ninth sick day with semester . if I go for ten , I be probably go to have to barf up a lung . so , I absolutely must make this one count . he exit into the hallway . 11 int . bathroom 11 ferris walk into the bathroom . it 's litter with Jean 's debris . he turn on the shower water . ferris I do not care if you be fifty five or seven , everybody need a day off now and then . it 's a beautiful day . how can I be expect to handle high school ? he bend down out of frame as he lose he brief . he pop up . ferris I do actually have a test . that be not bullshit . he step into the shower . through the pebble glass of the shower door we see ferris ' outline . ferris that I care about it be . 12 int . bathroom . shower stall . 12 Inside the shower . ferris ' hair be stand straight up . it 's mould into a fin with shampoo . ferris it 's on european socialism . I mean , really . what 's the point ? I be not european . I do not plan to be european . so , who give a shit if they be socialist ? they could be fascist anarchist and it still would not change the fact that I do not own a car . he turn the shower head around and use it like a microphone . ferris ( sing ) well shake it up , baby , twist and shout ... 13 int . hallway . later 13 ferris come out of the bathroom with a towel wrap around he waist . he 's drying he hair with another of a different color . ferris not that I condone fascism . or and " ism " . " ism " , in my opinion be not good . a person should not believe in a " ism " . he should believe in himself . John Lennon say it on he first solo album . " I do not believe in Beatles , I just believe in I . " a good point there . afterall , he be the Walrus . he open a linen closet and toss the towel in it . ferris I could be the Walrus and I would still have to bum ride off people . he pass camera and go into he room . ferris ( oc ) I be not very political ? let I put that into perspective ... 14 int . bedroom 14 ferris toss the towel he 's dry hair with on the bed . ferris my uncle go to Canada to protest the war , right ? on the fourth of July he be down with my aunt and he get drunk and tell my dad he feel guilty he do not fight in viet nam . so I say , " what 's the deal , uncle Jeff ? in wartime you want to be a pacifist and in peacetime you want to be a soldier . it take you twenty year to find out you do not believe in anything ? " ( snap he finger ) ground . just like that . two week . ( pause ) be careful when you deal with old hippie . they can be real touchy . he open he door . 15 int . closet 15 the door open and ferris rifle through he shirt . ferris my mother be a hippie . but she lose it . she get old . if she listen to the White album now ? she do not hear music , she hear memory . nostalgia be she favorite drug . it will probably be mine , too . I hope not . he find a shirt he like . he step back from the closet and put it on . he drop the towel . 16 int . bedroom 16 he walk across the room to he dresser . he open he underwear drawer . there 's a old model of a submarine on the top of the dresser . he pick it up . ferris in eighth grade a friend of mine make a bong out of one of this . the smoke taste like glue . he pull out a pair of underwear . he get dress as he speak . ferris his name be garth volbeck . he 's a serious outsider . not a bad guy , I like he . I be probably he only friend . I do what I can for he . I mean , if I be he , I would appreciate it . do unto other , right ? anyway , he mother own a gas station . his father 's dead and he sister 's rumor to be a prostitute , which be complete bullshit . she only put out so people will hang out with she . it 's sad but I do not hold it against she . better to hold it against the guy who use she and do not care about she . ( pause ) my parent never allow garth over here . it be because of he family . mainly he older brother . he 's in jail . I could see they not want he brother here because he be a register psycho . I would not want he here . I once watch the guy eat a whole bowl of artificial fruit just so he could see what it be like to have he stomach pump . but garth be not he brother . it be not he fault that he brother 's screw - up . alot of fight with the parent on that point . I always feel for garth . I be sleep at he house once and I be lay on the dark worry that he brother be go to come in and hack I to death with a ax and I hear garth cry . I ask he what be wrong and he say , " nothing " . ... nothing be wrong . there be no specific thing he be cry about . in fact , he be not really even aware that he be cry . he just cry himself to sleep every night . it be a habit . the guy 's so condition to grief that if he do not feel it , he can not sleep . how could you possibly dump on guy who have to deal with that kinda shit ? my parent acknowledge the trudge of the situation and I be sure that deep down , they do feel for he but still the guy 's ban from we house . he look at himself in the mirror on the back of he closet door . he do not like what he 's wear . he continue he speech as he disrobe . ferris unfortunately , now my parent have a legit argument . garth do not need he brother to give he a rep anymore . he 's get one on he own . he 's lose . it 's over for he . he 's eighteen . go from school . go from life . his legacy be a gas station . 17 int . house . staircase 17 ferris come down the stair . he 's wear a completely different outfit . ferris one very serious danger be play sick be that it 's possible to believe you own act . 18 int . kitchen 18 ferris come into the kitchen and cross to the refrigerator . ferris that and boredom . alot of people ditch and feel great for about a hour . then they realize there 's nothing to do . tv and food . I myself have ditch and get so bored I do homework . figure that shit out . he take a sip out of a bottle of orange juice . ferris you have to plan thing out before you take the day off . otherwise you get all nervous worry about what to do and all you get be grief and the whole point be to take it easy , cut loose and enjoy . he cross to the pantry . ferris you blow you day and at about three o'clock , when everybody 's out of school , you be go to wish you would go to school so you could be out have fun . he emerge from the pantry with a handful of oreos . ferris avoid the misery . plan you day . do it right . 19 int . family room 19 ferris walk in and flop down in a armchair . ferris there 's alot of pressure at work in my age group . and it 's not always recognize . he reach over and pick up the telephone . he set it in he lap . ferris some guy whose hair be fall out and he stomach 's hang over he belt and everything he eat make he fart , he look at someone like I and think , " this kid 's young and strong and have a full , rich future ahead of he , what 's he get to bitch about ? " 20 cu . phone 20 he punch out a number . 21 int . family room . ferris 21 he remote control the tv on . ferris that 's just one reason why I need a day off every now and then . 22 ext . another house 22 a sleek , modern house on a couple of deeply wood acre . a prime house in a prime location . a telephone ring over . 23 int . boy' bedroom 23 it 's a dark , dreary sick room . shade draw , floor strewn with use tissue , nightstand a still - life of over the counter remedy . a high school boy , cameron frye , be lay in bed . we do not see he face , only a silhouette with a thermometer stick out he mouth . U2 's sunday bloody sunday be play . he 's mumble random word . cameron food...shelter ...no ...yes ... the phone ring . his hand reach back and hit the speaker phone button . cameron ( weak ) hello ? ferris ' voice cameron ! what 's happen ? cameron very little . ferris ' voice how do you feel ? cameron shredd . ferris ' voice be you mother in the room ? cameron take the thermometer out of he mouth . cameron she 's not home . where be you ? ferris ' voice Home . 24 int . ferris ' family room . ferris 24 ferris be sprawle out in the chair . ferris I be take the day off . get dress and come over . cameron' voice I can not . I be sick . ferris it 's all in you head . come on over . 25 int . cameron' room 25 cameron 's insistant . cameron I feel like complete shit , ferris . I can not go anywhere . ferris ' voice I be sorry to hear that . now , come on over and pick I up . ferris disconnect . cameron slowly hang up the phone . cameron I be die . the phone ring again . cameron hit the speaker button . ferris ' voice you be not die . you just can not think of anything good to do . 26 int . ferris ' family room 26 ferris hang up . ferris if anybody need a day off , it 's cameron . he have alot of thing to sort out before he graduate . he can not be wound this tight and go to college . his roommate will kill he . I have come close myself . but I like he . he 's a little easier to take when you know why he 's like he be . the boy can not relax . pardon by french but cameron be so tight that if you stick a lump of coal up he ass , in two week you would have a diamond . ( after - think ) and cameron would worry that he would owe tax on it . 27 int . school . hallway 27 we hear roll call as camera move across the tile floor . a shoe 's Pov . teacher's voice alber ? boy' voice here . teacher's voice Anderson . girl voice here . camera enter a classroom . it travel past a teacher 's hush puppy and head up a aisle of desk past dirty yellow reebock , rotting Air jordan , scuff heel , pristine loafer ... teacher's voice anheiser ? boy' voice here . teacher's voice busch ? girl voice here . teacher's voice bueller ? camera reach the last desk and rise slowly to reveal that it 's empty . teacher's voice bueller ? girl voice he 's sick . ( pause ) my best friend 's sister 's boyfriend 's brother 's girlfriend hear from this guy who know this kid who 's go with a girl who see ferris pass - out at 31 flavor last night . I guess it 's pretty serious . teacher's voice ( weary ) thank you , Simone . girl voice ( cheery ) no problem whatsoever . teacher's voice drucker ? boy' voice what ? wound - out car engine come up loud . 28 cu . tv 28 the road warrior be play on video cassette . the big chase at the end . int . family room . ferris he 's sit in the arm chair pretend it 's humongous ' war wagon . he 's wear a hockey mash . he 's steering . he reach down and grab a imaginary nitrous oxide valve . cu . tv humongous reach down and grab a real nitrous oxide valve . he give it a twist . cu . ferris he throw himself back against the chair . cu . tv the force of the rapid acceleration of he vehicle throw humongous back in he seat . cu . ferris he bounce himself in the chair to simulate the bumpy high speed ride . cu . tv the be wagon hurtle down the road . cu . ferris he rear back in horror . cu . tv the war wagon be head for a head - on collision with the tanker truck . cu . ferris arm outstretch , head throw back , brace for collision . cu . tv impact ! mozart come up . 29 cu . flowering tree branch 29 outside a bedroom window . a flowering crabtree branch . Petite pink flower . we pull back from the window into the room . it 's jeanie 's room . a pink and powder blue pig pen . clothes everywhere , make - up , book , record . ferris be sit on she bed go through a purse . ferris this be really degrade . he come up with a crumpled dollar bill . ferris financing my activity this way . very damaging to the self-image . but , hey , I be break . in time of crisis one must to what one must to . I will pay it back . with interest . he come up with a five . ferris regardless of how much shit sister make you eat , how often they rat on you , how gross they act or how wick and insensitive they can be , you should not alientate they . because most likely they have cash and it 's usually very easy to get you hand on . he hold up a twenty and snap it . pink floyd be " money " come up . 30 int . live room 30 the song play as ferris dig through the sofa cushion . cu . sofa ferris extract a sticky quarter from a crevice . 31 int . parent ' bedroom 31 ferris be go through he father 's pants pocket . another crumpled bill surface . 32 cu . washing machine top 32 a couple of stiff , hard , bleach singles that have go through the wash lay on top of the washer . a hand scoops they up . 33 cu . lucite encased proof set 33 a obvious gift from a grandparent . a U.S. mint proof set . a ten , a five and a single enclose in a lucite frame . a screwdriver tip wedge between the two piece of lucite and pop they apart . a hand peel the bill off the back . 34 cu . kitchen drawer 34 hand rip through the kitchen junk drawer . locate a dollar bill . 35 cu . coin collection 35 the familiar blue collector 's album . one - by-one , the quarter be be pop out of they slot . 36 cu . vaccuum cleaner 36 the dusty , dirty content of the bag be emptied on the floor . finger pick a dime out of a matte wad of filth . 37 cu . snoopy bank 37 it 's be shake furiously . 38 cu . birthday card 38 it 's a child 's card . it 's slowly open to reveal a crisp , new five . 39 int . hall closet 39 the door open and ferris thrust he hand into the pocket of the coat . he come up with a ball of kleenex . a roll of tum . a squirt gun . then a modest wad of bill . his face light up as he count out the cash . he close the door . 40 cu . floor and bed 40 ferris ' face appear between the bed and the floor . his arm reach out for a small metal bank hide under the bed . 41 cu . bank 41 it 's on a work bench . a awl be drive in between the door and the jamb . it pries the door open . Inside be trading card , a char doll 's head , a Zippo lighter and , finally , a five dollar bill . 42 int . kitchen 42 ferris be on he hand and knee under the kitchen table . 43 cu . table leg 43 ferris lift the leg and remove a quarter that 's be use to balance the table . 44 int . kitchen 44 ferris stand up and pocket the quarter . 45 cu . ferris ' bed 45 a shower of coin and bill rain down on the sheet . the song end . 46 ext . real estate office . morning 46 a suburban realty company . a cute little building in town . 47 int . office 47 Joyce be behind a desk . across from she be two women . they be also real estate agent . joyce no one 's go to consider a house with a black live room . not even that jerk from vermont . let 's be realistic . agent 1 Mrs. volbeck 's dead set against put any money into the house . Joyce 's phone intercom buzze . she take the call . joyce Joyce bueller . her eye open wide with alarm . joyce oh , my God . I be so sorry . I completely forget to call . 48 ext . high school 48 a modern , suburban high school . man' voice be you aware that you son be not in school today ? 49 int . school . hallway 49 it 's a pass period . the hall be clogge with student . joyce's voice yes , I be . ferris be home sick . I have a meeting first thing this morning . I should have call . it completely slip my mind . 50 int . school . dean's outer office 50 a secretary be at work at she desk . we hear the dean inside the office . dean's voice be you also aware that ferris do not have what we consider a exemplary attendance record ? 51 int . dean's office . cu . desk sign 51 it read , edward R. rooney . dead of student . the dean 's foot be up on the desk , behind the sign . moderately priced dress shoe . joyce's voice I do not understand . dean's voice I just have he file up . int . office . cu . dean ed rooney be sit behind he desk . he 's tough , clean and straight as a I - beam . short , neatly comb hair , suit and tie . he 's toy with a pencil . he 's confident to the point of arrogance . rooney I just have he file up , Mrs. bueller . behind he be a computer terminal . he remove he foot from the desk and turn in he swivel chair . rooney if ferris think he coast this last month and still graduate , he 's sorely mistaken . joyce's voice this be all news to I . cu . computer monitor the monitor on rooney 's desk display ferris ' record . rooney' voice so far this semester alone , he 's be absent nine time . include today . joyce's voice nine time ? under day missed we see a number 9 suddenly change to a number 2 . int . office rooney turn to the monitor . he read off the screen . rooney I have it right here in front of I . he 's miss ... he look closer at the screen . 52 int . ferris ' room 52 ferris be at he macintosh computer . he have he record up on the screen . ferris I want a car . I get a computer . how 's that for be bear under a bad sign ? 53 int . joyce's office 53 she 's still on the phone with rooney . joyce I can give you every assurance that ferris be home and that he be , in fact , very ill . I debate whether or not I should even leave he . I can appreciate that at this time of year child be prone to take the day off , but in ferris ' case , he 's truly a very sick boy . 54 int . ferris ' bedroom 54 music blast . solo guitar . cu . speaker the grille cloth be throbbing . cu . LED meter the meter on the amplifier be totally in the danger zone . cu . tv monitor we see ferris in he room with a guitar around he neck . he 's play . cu . video camera a home video camera be capture ferris on tape . 55 int . cameron' room 55 he 's sit on the edge of the bed buttone he shirt . he sigh deeply and fall back on the bed . 56 int . school . hallway 56 jeanie be at she locker during a pass period . a girlfriend come up to she . girl I be really sorry about you brother . jeanie what be you sorry for ? I have to live with the trouser snake . girl no , I mean I hear he 's really sick . jeanie who say he 's sick . girl a whole bunch of people . they say he 's like on the verge of death . jeanie stare incredulously at the girl . girl this guy in my biology class say that if ferris die he 's give he eye to stevie wonder ? he 's really sweet be not he ? she smile and exit . jeanie cock she head in bewilderment . she kick she locker shut . 57 int . ferris ' room 57 he 's in bed on the phone . ferris a sample of my blood be send to Atlanta to the Center for Disease Control . I do not know , man , I be brick heavily . ( point to the phone ) freshman . ( to the phone ) do you see alien ? when the guy have the creature in he stomach ? it feel like that . 58 int . school . hallway 58 a freshman boy be on the pay phone . a couple of he buddy be stand at he side wait anxiously for news . boy goddamn ! be you kid ? second boy what ? boy do you see alien ? second boy no. boy you never rent the video cassette ? second boy shake he head , no . boy oh . he 's really waste . third boy ( to the second Boy ) who 's he talk to ? second boy ferris bueller . you know he ? third boy ( excited ) yeah . he 's get I out of summer school . boy anyway , I appreciate you let we know how you be do . we gotta split . ( pause ) huh ?... yeah , sure . hold on . second boy ( to third Boy ) shit . I hope he do not die . I can not handle summer school . the boy snatch a pass girl . boy do you see alien ? girl yeah , why ? he hand she the phone . girl hello ? ( pause ) who ? ( pause ) hi , ferris . how 's you bod ? ( jaw drop ) oh , my God ! you be die ? be it serious ? ( pause ) shiit ! be you upset ? 59 int . dean's office 59 rooney 's compare he computer monitor to hard copy . his secretary be stand over he shoulder . rooney I do not trust this kid any further than I can throw he ! secretary with you bad knee , you better not throw anybody , ed. rooney stare at she for a long beat . rooney what 's so dangerous about a character like ferris bueller be that he give the good kid bad idea . the last thing I need at this point in my career be fifteen hundred ferris bueller disciple run around this hall . secretary he 's very popular , ed. sporto , motorhead , geek , slut , pinhead , dweeby , wonker , richies , they all adore he . rooney that 's exactly why I have to catch he this time . to show this kid that the example he set be a first class ticket to nowhere . secretary ( impressed ) ooo . you sound like dirty Harry just now . rooney look up at she with a proud smile . rooney really ? he unconsciously do a eastwood squint . 60 ext . ferris ' house 60 it 's a glorious late spring day . a florist 's truck drive past the house . 61 int . ferris ' room 61 he 's on the telephone . as he speak he do a little macpaint on he macintosh . a modigliani nude . ferris cameron , if you be not over here in fifteen minute , you can find a new best friend . I be serious , man . this be bullshit , make I wait around the house for you . 62 int . cameron' bedroom 62 cameron 's back in bed . cameron I be sick . I feel like shit . why can not you leave I alone ? ferris ' voice you be not up for some good time ? it 's a beautiful day . it 's almost summer . if this be Hawaii , we would be surfing . 63 int . ferris ' room 63 he 's grow weary of cameron 's wimpishness . ferris you want to stay home and try to have the shit ? try to barf ? try to feel worse ? cameron' voice I do not have to try . ferris be a man . take some pepto bismol and get dress . you be boring I with this stuff . the other phone line ring . ferris squeeze you bun for a second . I get another call . he put cameron on hold . he clear he throat and answer the second line . he sound like he 's on he last breath . ferris h--hell -o ? 64 ext . office build . downtown 64 a lasalle Street office tower . tom' voice ferris ? 65 int . tom' office 65 he 's behind he desk . Nice office . two window . herman Miller desk and chair . tom you sound miserable . ferris ' voice really ? darn ! I think I be improve . tom be you sleep ? ferris ' voice I be try to do some homework . 66 cu . computer monitor 66 a closer view of the rude draw ferris be make . ferris ( oc ) I be so worried about fall behind . int . ferris ' room he lean back from the monitor and sip a Coke . ferris dad ? can you hold on a second ? tom' voice sure , pal . be you alright ? ferris just a little phlegm on the phone . hold on . he put he father on hold . ferris cameron ? it 's my dad . cameron' voice oh , that 's just great . be you bust ? ferris it 's completely cool . he 's just check up on I . now , listen to I . I be work on get some heavy buck out of he . so , the least you can do be hurry up and get over here . bye . he disconnect and get he father back . he switch back to he sick voice . ferris sorry , dad . the moment before you call , I have a chest spasm and I blow lung fluid all over the place . it be make I ill look at it . but gee , it 's sure great of you to call . I be sure there be alot of father who would not take time out from they busy schedule to call a dumb , sick teenager . tom' voice hey , pal , what be I suppose to do ? ferris reach out and hit a key on he computer . the screen dump the draw . ferris give yourself some credit , dad . it be a mammoth gesture . it 's like that savings bond you use to give I every Christmas . ( look at camera and smile ) it be that kind of concern . cu . computer screen a message be flash : " transmitting data " . int . ferris ' room he turn away from the computer and put he foot up on the desk . he light a cigarette . ferris you have to work hard for the money to buy that thing , right ? tom' voice not any harder than anybody else . ferris mouth Tom 's word as he say they . 67 ext . chicago loop . diamondvision screen 67 ferris ' draw suddenly appear on the billboard . pedestrian stop to look . 68 int . ferris ' room 68 he blow a smoke ring . ferris you work so hard I will bet you do not even remember where that bond be , right ? ferris point a finger in the air as a cue to he father . tom' voice wrong . he nod . ferris oh , yeah ? you be pull my leg . you be just try to cheer I up . tom' voice like hell I be . they be in a shoebox in my closet . ferris smile . he look at camera . he 's get exactly what he want . ferris ( to camera , normal voice ) be that a class move or what ? the guy give it up faster than a drunk Catholic girl . I hope my kid do not pull this shit on I . ( think ) of course , if they do not , they would be dumb and abnormal and they would probably never move out of my house and I would have to support they until I die . I take it back . ( to the phone , sick voice ) dad ? all this talk have make I kind of light-heade . I think I better lie down . tom' voice okay , pal . you take care . I will call you after lunch . ferris you do not have to , dad . tom' voice I want to . bye now . he hang up . ferris sigh . ferris you win some , you lose some . he turn he desk chair around and get up . ferris I be so disappointed in cameron . twenty buck say he 's sit in he car debate about whether or not he should go out . 69 int . car . cameron 69 he 's sit behind the wheel of he car . cameron we be gonna get catch . no doubt about it . he cut the engine . cameron I be not do it . he sit for half a beat . cameron he will keep call until I come over . he sigh and restart the engine . another beat . cameron actually , what will happen be I will get catch . ferris will escape . another beat . he stop the engine . a crash of horror music . 70 cu . dresser drawer 70 hand curl around the drawer pull . the drawer be open slowly , ominously . the hand lift a sweater out . a heraldic sting as we see a man 's magazine beneath the sweater . int . ferris ' room he take out the magazine . he leaf through the page for the pictorial as he speak . ferris cameron will go on like that for a good thirty minute . the guy be a shellfish when it come to make a decision . the reason he do not fall good be , he worry about everything . he 's the only guy I know who 's deeply concerned that when he grow up there will be a critical shortage of strategic metal . he exit the room . 71 int . hallway 71 ferris come out of he room and head down the hallway . ferris cameron 's also the only guy I know who know what strategic metal be . ( wave the magazine ) pardon moi . he go into the bathroom . we hear the toilet seat slam down . ferris ( sing ) maybe i'm just like my mother , she' never satisfied ... 72 int . classroom . later 72 a stunningly beautiful girl , sloane peterson , be sit at she desk in a history class . she 's stare out the window as a tweedy male teacher deliver a dry , dusty lecture . teacher Roosevelt 's health have seriously deteriorate by the time he meet with churchill and stalin at yalta. ( sneeze ) pardon I . the classroom door open and the school nurse walk in . for a moment , the teacher think she 's come in because she hear he sneeze . she cross to he and whisper in he ear . sloane she , like the other , watch the nurse curiously . int . classroom . teacher and nurse the teacher 's face drop as he 's deliver a obvious piece of disturbing news . he nod grimly to the nurse . she look at the kid . nurse sloane Peterson ? sloane sit up in she seat . nurse she 's a picture of compassion and understanding . nurse May I see you outside for a moment ? there 's be a emergency . sloane a smile curl across she lip . as she gather she book she look to the girl next to she . sloane ( whisper ) Dead grandmother . 73 int . hallway 73 the nurse be gently hold sloane 's hand . nurse ( nod solemnly ) Dead grandmother . 74 cu . rooney 74 he have a suspicious look on he face . rooney Dead grandmother ? int . dean's office rooney 's at he desk . his secretary be stand across from he . secretary that 's what Mr. Peterson say . I have Florence sparrow notify sloane . rooney who 's this girl 's go with ? secretary it 's so hard to tell . I see she alot with ferris bueller . rooney smile . his suspicion be confirm . rooney could you get I Mr. Peterson 's daytime number ? as the secretary start out of the room , rooney 's phone ring . she stop and answer the desk phone . secretary Edward rooney 's office . ( pause ) yes . can you hold ? thank you . she put the call on hold . secretary it 's Mr. Peterson . rooney be startle . he think for a beat then reach for the phone . secretary do you still want he number ? rooney answer she with a annoyed look . she smile and back out . he punch the phone button . rooney Ed rooney . man' voice Ed ? this be George Peterson . rooney how be you today , sir ? man' voice we have have a bit of bad luck this morning as you may have hear . rooney roll he eye . it 's so obvious it 's not Mr. Peterson . rooney I hear . and , gosh , I be all break up . huh ? oh , sure . I would be happy to release sloane . you produce a corpse and I will release sloane . I want to see this dead grandmother firsthand . the secretary stop cold in the doorway . she turn to rooney in horror . he cover the phone . rooney ( whisper ) it 's ferris bueller . nervy little punk . I be gonna set a trap and let he walk right into it ! ( to phone ) that 's right . cart the stiff in and I will turn over you daughter . it 's school policy . be this you mother ? rooney 's other line ring . 75 int . secretary's office 75 she step out of rooney 's office and pick up the other line . secretary Ed rooney 's office . her jaw drop . secretary hold , please . she put the call on hold and hang up . she hurried into rooney 's office . 76 int . dean's office 76 rooney 's chew out the person on the other line . rooney I will tell you want , you do not like my policy , you can just come on down and smooch by big old ugly ass . you hear I ? the secretary come in . she 's wave she arm furiously . rooney try to wave she away . he 's angry . she stomp she foot . rooney cover the phone . rooney what !? secretary ferris bueller 's on line two . cu . rooney' foot it freeze in mid-tap . cu . rooney' hand the pencil fall from he finger . cu . rooney' face a mask of horror . he glance at the phone . cu . phone the second line light be flash . cu . rooney he blink , cock he head , twitches . 77 int . ferris ' room 77 he 's zipping he pants , fasten he belt . the phone 's cradle against he shoulder . he speak in the same voice he use on he father . ferris Mr. rooney ? I be sorry to disturb you at work but I be wonder if it would be possible for my sister to bring home any assignment from my class that I may need . 78 int . dean's office . rooney 78 he 's stare blankly ahead . ferris ' voice thank you , sir . he nod . cu . phone rooney 's finger gingerly press the button on the wait call . cu . rooney he wince as he return to the first call . 79 int . ferris ' house . kitchen 79 cameron 's on the phone in the kitchen . he 's do a deep , phoney " father " voice . cameron you oughta be sorry for Christ 's sake ! a family member die and you insult I . what 's the matter with you , anyway ? 80 int . dean's office . rooney 80 he apology profusely to cameron . he 's perspire , tremble . rooney I do not know . I think you be someone else . you have to know , sir , that I would never deliberately insult you . I can not begin to tell you how embarrassed I be . cameron' voice pardon my french but you be a asshole ! rooney nod enthusiastically . rooney absolutely ! I most certainly be . 81 int . kitchen 81 cameron lay into rooney . cameron this be not over yet , buster . you just make sure my daughter 's out in front of the school in ten minute . do you read I ? rooney' voice load and clear , Mr. Peterson . cameron call I sir , goddamn it ! rooney' voice Sir . cameron that 's better . ferris stroll into the kitchen to catch the last of the conversation . cameron cover the phone . cameron ( to ferris ) I be scared shitless , ferris ! what be rooney guess my voice ! ferris impossible . you be do great . cameron sigh and go back to the phone . cameron ( clear he throat ) I do not have all day to bark at you so I will make this short and sweet . ferris give cameron a enthusiastic thumb up . ferris ( mouth ) great ! cameron smile proudly . cameron I want my daughter out in front of the school in ten minute . by herself . I don' want anyone around ... ferris smack cameron . he 's say the wrong thing . he cover the phone . cameron what would I do ? ferris out in front my herself ? it 's too suspicious ! he will think something 's up , moron . cover it . cameron panic . he hold the phone out to ferris . cameron you do it ! ferris wave he arm angrily . ferris talk ! cameron take a deep breath . he clear he throat and put on he father 's voice . cameron I change my mind , fella . you be out in front with she ! I wanna have a few word with you ! ferris slap cameron . the phone fly out of he hand . 82 cu . rooney 82 he wince as the phone hit the floor with a loud clonk ! we hear the boy scrambling to pick up the phone , then cameron clearing he throat . cameron' voice on second think , I do not have time to talk to you . we will get together soon and have lunch . we hear a slap and the call disconnect . 83 int . ferris ' kitchen 83 cameron 's rub the side of he head . cameron why would you hit I ?! ferris where 's you brain ?! cameron why would you hit I ?! ferris where 's you brain ?! cameron why would you hit I ? ferris where 's you brain ? cameron I ask you first . ferris how can we pick up sloane if rooney 's go to be there with she ?! cameron I say for she to be there alone and you freak ! ferris my , God , you be so stupid ! ( aside ) I do not hit you , I lightly slap you . cameron you hit I . look , do not ask I to participate in you crap if you do not like the way I do it ! ferris be incredulous at cameron 's stupidity . cameron 's anger be intensify by he embarrassment . cameron I be home , sick . you get I out of bed , be I over here , make I jeopardize my future , make I do a phoney phone call on a dean of student , a man who could squeeze my nut into oblivion and then you deliberately hurt my feeling . ferris I do not deliberately hurt you feeling . cameron oh , really ? ferris yeah , really . cameron glare at ferris . cameron hey , ferris ? have a nice life . he turn and head out of the room . ferris sigh . ferris cameron ? cameron stick it up you ass , ferris . ferris cameron , I be sorry . I do not mean to jam you . it be uncall for . cameron stop . cameron you be serious ? he turn around . ferris Dead serious . cameron smile . he appreciate ferris apology . cameron thanks . ferris you do screw up through , right ? not that be be necessarily all you fault . right ? cameron ( suspiciously ) why ? ferris to fix this situation , I be go to have to ask you for a small favor . cameron 's jaw drop . 84 int . garage 84 the door open slowly , dramatically as we hear a heraldic fanfare . Light stream in to reveal cameron and ferris look at the car . ferris be smile with excitement and awe . cameron be frown with trepidation and fear . cu . ferrari stallion the prancing black stallion . we move up from the stallion to the erotic red hood of a 1958 Ferrari 250 gts California . cameron and ferris cameron 's face be ashen . the end of the world be at hand . ferris be in heaven . cameron ( grim monotone ) 1958 Ferrari 250 gts California . less than a hundred be make . it have a market value of $ 265,000 . my father spend three year restore it . it be joy , it be he love , it be he passion . ferris it be he fault he do not lock the garage . cameron ferris , my father love this car more than life itself . we can not take be out . ferris a man with priority so far out of whack do not deserve such a fine automobile . cameron he never drive it , ferris . he just rub it with a diaper . ferris we can not pick up sloane in you car , cameron . rooney would never believe Mr. Peterson drive that piece of shit . cameron it 's not a piece of shit . ferris it 's a piece of shit . do not worry about it . I do not even have a piece of shit . I have to envy yours . look , I be sorry but there 's nothing else we can do . cameron he know the mileage , ferris . he have it tatooe on he wrist . ferris he do not trust you ? cameron no . ferris alright , look , this be real simple . he put he arm around cameron . ferris whatever mile we put on it , we will take off . cameron ( suspicious ) how ? ferris ( big , proud smile ) we will drive home backwards . cameron shake he head , no . cameron forget it . I be put my foot down , ferris . you will have to think of something else ... cu . ferrari grille cameron 's protest be drown out by the distinctive roar of the twelve cylinder . cameron' voice ... you be not talk I into this one . I have to live with the man . I be sorry but ... the roar of the engine be overtaken by the sound of a crowded school hallway . 85 int . school . jeanie 85 she come out of a classroom . she stop as sloane and rooney walk past . sloane have she coat on and she 's carry she book . jeanie watch she suspiciously . 86 ext . school 86 the Ferrari be park out in front . the top be down . 87 int . ferrari 87 ferris be drive . he 's wear a man 's hat and sunglass . cameron 's in the back . cameron be you crazy ?! put the top back up ! ferris this be perfect top -down weather . cameron what about rooney ? ferris cameron , the more obvious we be , the less likely we be to get catch . cameron that make no sense whatsoever . ferris the adult mind be a suspicious machine . ( look around at cameron ) stay down , man . cameron squeeze himself lower . cameron howcome it 's my dad 's car and I be take all the risk and I have to ride back here ? ferris I do not have a explanation . 88 ext . school 88 rooney and sloane come out the door . rooney once again let I say how deeply sadden I be by you loss . sloane huh ? rooney be you close to you grandmother ? sloane oh. um. yeah . very . she be a terrific lady . very hip . very old . yeah . deep voice oh , sloane ! dear ! sloane look across at the Ferrari . rooney look . there Pov ferris be look out across the roof of the Ferrari . he 's careful to keep he nose and mouth below the roofline . ferris hurry along now ! ext . school rooney 's suspicious . sloane smile and bid rooney a hasty farewell . sloane I guess that 's my dad . thanks . see ya . she hurry to the car . rooney watch she . something do compute for he . 89 int . school . jeanie 89 she 's watch out the door . she see the Ferrari pull away . 90 ext . school . rooney 90 he can not quite put he finger on what 's bother he . 91 int . ferrari 91 sloane shriek with delight . she lean across the console and give ferris a kiss . sloane this be so great ! I can not believe it ! right in front of rooney ! she laugh and turn to cameron . sloane hi , cameron . you comfortable ? cameron hi. no. sloane what a fabulous car ! cameron enjoy it quick . it ' 's go home . ferris it be risky , it be bold but it be totally necessary . sloane what be we gonna do ? ferris the question be not " what be we gonna do " , the question be " what be not we go to do . " cameron do not tell I we be not go to take the car home . please . ferris ( to camera ) if you have access to a car like this would you take it back right away ? would you give up feel like a ton just to ease you best friend 's tension ? he smile . ferris either would i. 92 ext . STREET . ferrari 92 it accelerate away like a shot . 93 ext . suburban bank 93 a fresh , modern bank building . the clock outside read 9:53 . the Ferrari pull into the parking lot . 94 int . bank . door 94 ferris , cameron and sloane walk in . ferris be cocky and confident . sloane 's still intoxicate with she freedom . cameron 's have stomach trouble . ferris lead the way to a open teller window . int . bank . teller a woman about seventy with a silver blue beehive . it 's about four inch higher the high beehive you be ever see . as she move the beehive hit a small sign over she head . she 's be at the bank since they open . she smile when she see ferris . teller ferris bueller ? ferris he 's at the window . on either shoulder be cameron and sloane . ferris smile . cameron blanch . ferris hello , Mrs. froeling . how be you ? teller she pat the rock -solid mass of blue hair . in do so she locate a miss ball point pen . she withdraw it from the hair and smile at it 's reappearance . teller I pass a kidney stone Tuesday , so I be a little poope but other than that , I be as chipper as can be . ( something occur to she ) say , should you be in school ? ferris he lay he savings bond on the counter . ferris me? ( polite laugh ) I be out of school , Mrs. froeling . in fact . I be marry . this be my wife ... madonna . sloane suppress a laugh . ferris ( to cameron ) and this be my brother - in - law , ZZ top. ZZ , this be Mrs. froeling . cameron be not amused . teller ( to cameron ) be top a slavic name ? cameron yeah . ferris I would like to cash this in , please . we be have a baby and we need the cash for a crib , clothes , diaper , food pellet , leash , water dish ... int . bank . teller window Mrs. froeling take the bond with a hearty smile . the latter part of the conversation sail over she like a line drive . teller a baby ! ( to sloane ) you must be so excited . cameron groan and turn away from the sham . sloane I be thrilled , mar 'am . I be especially look forward to wear that jeans with the stretch panel in front . Mrs. froeling thumb through the bond . teller be you hope for a boy or a girl ? sloane actually , we be hope for a car . cu . cameron he 's spook by the game play . he scan the bank nervously . he blink , focus , blink again . he Pov Joyce be with a middle - aged couple and they bored , sour-puss teenage son , boyd . he 's sit in a chair with he leg sling over the side wave a bic lighter back and forth across he rump . the parent be Joyce 's client from vermont . a loan officer be discuss the local financing situation with they . his be a open office adjacent to the teller window . Joyce 's back be to the teller . cu . cameron it 's like he 's just witness a ax murder . cameron shit ... int . bank . joyce her back be to the teller window . she 's conduct she meeting . behind she we see cameron grab ferris and point she out to he . he wave . cameron slap he arm . int . bank . teller window Mrs. froeling show ferris the savings bond . teller this bond be not mature . if you hold onto they another two year you will get a additional four dollar ... ferris I be aware of that . teller you be throw away four dollar . ferris no , mar 'am , I be give it to the government . they need it . do you know what a aircraft carrier 's go for this day ? int . bank . joyce she conclude she meeting . she shake hand with the loan officer and stand . the vermont couple stand . boyd scrape the bottom of he shoe on the desk , leave a glob of mud behind and he stand . Joyce turn into the bank . ferris , cameron and sloane be go . she escort she customer out . int . bank . door Joyce and the vermont couple approach the door . boyd lay a luggie in the drink fountain . Mrs. froeling pass with the savings bond . she stop when she see Joyce . joyce Mrs. froeling , how be you ? mrs . froeling I pass a kidney stone Tuesday . ( shift gear , to Joyce ) say , you must be very proud . Joyce do not know what she 's talk about . mrs . froeling ( whisper ) I meet madonna . she pat Joyce on the arm . mrs . froeling she tell I everything . keep I post , I will want to send a gift . she toodle on she way . Joyce and the vermont couple be completely baffle . 95 ext . bank 95 Joyce and the vermont couple walk along the side of the bank , head for the parking lot . boyd 's tagging along behind . he pick up a stone and hurl it into the parking lot . joyce my son 's home sick today . if you would not mind , on we way back to the office , I would like to just run in and check up on he . we hear a metallic ping ! as boyd 's missle hit a car . mother of course . they pass a show window . as they pass , we hold on the window . it 's promote save for college education . a mannequin father be congratulate he mannequin son in a mortar and gown as a stiff sloane , ferris and cameron look on proudly . 96 int . dean's office 96 his secretary be dial a number for he . secretary this be the Peterson 's home . she hand the phone to rooney . secretary watch you mouth this time . rooney glare at she . rooney ferris bueller 's behind this . there 's no doubt in my mind . that 's what I be say this morning . why he have to be stop . he 's get sloane Peterson involved in this thing now . see ? the secretary nod . secretary and she grandmother , too . 97 cu . phone answer machine 97 it click on . we hear a grieve woman 's voice . it sound a awful lot like sloane . sloane we can not come to the phone right now . we have have a death in the family . if you need to reach we we will be at the follow number ... 98 int . dean's office 98 rooney quickly take down a number . 99 ext . cameron' house 99 his answer machine click on . we hear cameron 's voice . cameron' voice you have reach the coughlin bros . mortuary . we be unable to come to the phone right now but if you will leave you name and number ... 100 int . dean's office 100 rooney hang up the phone . rooney something 's go on , goddamn it . the secretary 's look at a newspaper on rooney 's desk . she 's not listen to he . secretary there 's a railroad strike . rooney and I be go to stop it ! secretary my brother - in- law will appreciate it . rooney look at she , puzzle . rooney what ? secretary my brother - in- law ride the train to work . rooney stare at she like she 's crazy . rooney who give a good goddamn ? 101 ext . edens expressway 101 the major thoroughfare into the city of Chicago from the suburb . the Ferrari streak past . in the distance we see the sear Tower , the hancock Building and the Standard oil Building . 102 int . school . hallway 102 jeanie 's walk down the hall . she 's stop by a kid with a Coke can . kid yo . we be collect money to buy ferris bueller a new kidney . jeanie stare at he . she 's flabbergasted at the proportion she brother 's scan have reach . kid they run about fifty ge so it you could help out ... jeanie go piss up a flagpole ! kid huh ? she knock the can out of he hand and storm down the hall . the kid yell after she . kid hey , babe ! some day you might need a favor from ferris bueller ! then where will you be ?! he reach for the can . kid heartless wench ... 103 ext . chicago loop . parking garage 103 the Ferrari pull into a large parking garage . ext . garage ferris , sloane and cameron get out . cameron 's have fit . cameron we can not leave the car here ! ferris why not ? cameron because we can not ! I want it back home where it belong ! sloane what could happen to it ? cameron it could get steal , wreck , scratch , you name it . ferris I will give the guy a five to watch it . cameron what guy ? cu . parking attendant he smile with relish at the car . 6'6 " , 240 . a iq that equal he hourly wage . shoulder - length hair stuff into a hairnet gold tooth . earring . goatee . ext . parking lot the attendant swagger over to the car . ferris slip he a give . ferris you speak English ? attendant since I be three . ferris great . I want to you take extra special care of this vehicle , okay ? he pat the attendant on the arm . he smile . attendant like it 's a beautiful woman . ferris I appreciate it . the attendant very gingerly get into the car . ferris turn to cameron . the Ferrari pull into the lot very slowly , very carefully . no squealing tire , no revving engine . ferris see what a finski can do to a person 's attitude ? he 's go to treat it like a beautiful woman . cameron yeah , sure . whip it with a stick and piss on the hood . sloane oh , please , cameron . do you have to be so graphic ? she head down the street . sloane this be so right ! ferris nudge cameron on . they exit the garage and head after sloane . a long beat and the Ferrari creep down the exit ramp of the garage . it 's go in the entrance and out the exit . another attendant jump in the passenger side . he 's skinny , tall , with a huge knit hat will with dread . he let out a spirite laugh and the Ferrari peel out of the lot . it head down the street away from sloane , ferris and cameron . 104 ext . ferris ' house 104 Joyce 's care pull in the driveway . she get out and head up the house . 105 int . ferris ' room 105 it 's dark . there 's a figure in the bed . we hear soft snore . a wire run from under the bed cover to the closet door to the door to the room itself . int . room . door knob the wire be tie to the doorknob . it 's taut . downstair , we hear a door open and close . 106 int . house . stairway 106 Joyce quietly walk up the stair . 107 int . house . hallway 107 Joyce come up the stair and cross to ferris ' room . she listen at the door . we hear the snoring . cu . doorknob Joyce slowly turn the doorknob and push the door open a crack . her Pov the door open and the figure - like lump in the bed move . cu . joyce she smile and close the door . 108 int . room . closet 108 the closet door be open . the wire from the bedroom door be strung over the top of the closet door . a trophy be attach to the end of the wire and it 's rest on a yard stick . as the bedroom door close , the trophy lift up off the yardstick and the lump in the bed go back down to it 's original position . cu . ferris ' synthesizer Little LED 's be lighting up to the rhythm of the snore . the snore it simulate . 109 int . hallway 109 Joyce listen at the door another beat . she 's smile with relief and affection . 110 ext . sear tower . later 110 helicopter shot move in on the world 's tallest building . as it pass we see three figure press against the window . ferris ( vo ) this be the world 's tallest building . from we vantage point here on the 103 floor , we be provide with a view of four state . cameron ( vo ) do you think the car 's alright ? ferris ( vo ) Illinois , Michigan , Wisconsin and my personal favorite , Indiana . 111 int . sear tower observation deck 111 ferris , cameron and sloane be stand against the window . cameron I do not feel good , ferris . be we gonna stay long ? ferris take a step back ... ferris step back . sloane and cameron follow suit . ferris now , lean against the glass . like this ... he lean forward , put all he weight on he forehead . ferris and look down . sloane lean forward . cameron follow , reluctantly . sloane oh , shit ! her Pov the street far , far below . a dizzying view . int . observation deck the three be lean against the glass . sloane what if the glass give ? ferris death . sloane cool . cu . cameron he 's look down . cameron I think I see my dad . 112 ext . STREET level 112 a middle - age man , cameron 's father , horace frye , be stand on the street corner . he 's lean , clean , tough and humorless . he 's wear a puzzle look on he face . cameron' father I think I see my car . he Pov the Ferrari scream down the avenue and disappear down the underground ramp . 113 int . sear tower lobby 113 ferris and sloane bound down the escalator . cameron follow glumly . they dance past the giant calder mobile . they be sing . ferris and sloane I be all ' round this great big world and I 've see all kind of girl yeah , but I couldn't wait to get back in the states back to the cutest girl in the world I wish they all could be california I wish they all could be california 114 ext . STREET 114 ferris and sloane burst out the door garner the annoyed stare of the business people busily go in and out of the building . cameron politely wait he turn to exit . ferris and sloane head down the street . cameron follow . ferris and sloane I wish they all could be california girl ! 115 ext . chicago mercantile exchange 115 giant old monolith . 116 int . chicago mercantile exchange . trading room 116 Traders be frantically buy and sell commodity . 117 int . gallery 117 ferris , cameron and sloane be sit in the gallery watch the proceedings . sloane do you love I ? ferris do you love I ? sloane I ask you first . ferris yes . you ? sloane yes . ferris would I trash a day of education to be with you if I do not love you ? sloane yes . ferris would I risk damaging a deep and wonderfully enrich relationship with my parent if I do not love you ? sloane yes . ferris would I have introduce you as my wife if I do not love you ? sloane wait a minute . that be a lie . ferris true . ferris put he arm around sloane . ferris would you want to get marry ? I mean if I be not a asshole . sloane sure . ferris ( serious ) today ? sloane stare at he . be he serious . ferris I be game . sloane no way ! ferris I will do it , if you will . cameron suddenly add he two cent . cameron you need a blood test . ferris look around at he . ferris huh ? cameron if you blood 's not compatible , you could produce a pinhead . the state require a blood test . ferris so ? cameron so , you can not get marry today . ferris tomorrow ? cameron if you get a blood test today . sloane I be not get marry . cameron I be with you , babe . ferris why not ? sloane what do you mean , why not ? think about it . ferris besides be too young and you father hat my gut and not have any place to live and feel awkward about be the only cheer - leader with a husband , give I a good reason why not . cameron I will give you two . my mother and father . ferris and sloane look at he curiously . cameron they be marry and they hate each other . ( to ferris ) you have see they . be I right ? ferris you be father 's a toad and you Mom 's always wire out , but so what ? they be old . that 's natural . cameron it make I puke . see people treat each other like that . it 's like the car . he love the car . he hate he wife . sloane my parent be divorced . so what ? it 's not like it do not happen ten thousand time a day . cameron just because it happen do not make it right . be you comfortable with it ? sloane no . it 's not something I can get comfortable with . I have try . be yours divorced ? cameron they may as well be . sloane do you think they be stay together because of you ? cameron have not see it that way . he shrug . sloane do they like you ? it have not occure to cameron that he parent might not like he . that parental love might not be a give . cameron yeah . sure . sloane consider this ... my father can I and my brother and my Mom for a twenty five year old dipso with fake tit . he drop we like a rock . everything be cool at we house . I think so . we all think so . then blam ! it 's over . ferris ( to camera ) this be all news to I . she keep a pretty good secret . sloane ( to cameron ) it be pure selfishness . when I have a kid , I do not care how much I want something , if it 's gonna screw - up the kid , forget it . ferris ( to camera ) she 's not lie . cameron you could change . sloane yeah . but I be gonna try not to . I be gonna think about it . I be gonna try to prevent it . ferris this be optomism . it 's a common trait with my age group . adult think it 's cute , it 's like a charming quick that infest youth . but it 's a cool thing and I think , deep down , crusty old shit wish they have some . they wish they have she , too. ( point to sloane ) sorry . she 's take . cameron I would rather not have my family break apart , thank you . sloane well , you know what ? it be not up to you . it 's out of you hand . cameron so , I in other word , I should just sit back and watch it crumble ? sloane you be merely a inhabitant in they universe . ferris frighten choice of word . sloane they call the shot . when you split from they , you call the shot . cameron so , you be say I should run away ? ferris no . she 's say it 's time for lunch . sloane what ? ferris let 's go feed cameron . they stand up and head out . ferris hang back a moment . he cup he hand to he mouth . he yell at the top of he voice . ferris buy ! and he exit . cool and casual . 118 int . chicago mercantile exchange . trading floor 118 it explode with activity in response to ferris ' shout . we hear a radio announcer . announcer commodity price rise sharply today in unusually heavy trading ... 119 ext . restaurant 119 a french restaurant on the gold Coast . it 's noon . 120 int . restaurant 120 ferris , sloane and cameron be stand in the restaurant . ferris be look at the maitre would 's reservation book . he Pov his finger run down to a party of three for 12:00 . int . restaurant the maitre would return . maitre 'd ( to ferris ) May I help you ? ferris yes. I be abe frohman . Party of three for 12:00 . the maitre would look at ferris curiously . ferris be there a problem ? maitre'd you be abe frohman ? ferris I be abe frohman . maitre 'd ( chuckle ) I be sorry , son . I be very busy right now . if you have trouble find the door ... sloane tug ferris ' sleeve . he ignore she . ferris be you suggest that I be not who I say I be ? maitre'd shall I call the police ? cameron let 's go ... abe . ferris I be not go anywhere . ( to the maitre would ) call the police . go ahead . better yet ... ( grab the phone ) ... I will call myself . cameron choke . sloane grit she tooth . the maitre would smile smuggly . cu . phone ferris punch out a number . a beat and the restaurant 's second line light up and the phone ring . int . restaurant the maitre would motion for the phone so that he can answer the call . ferris wave he off angrily . ferris you touch I and I yell " rat ! " there 's another phone around here . find it . the maitre would back off . cameron ferris , let 's split , please ? sloane cameron 's right . we be gonna get bust . ferris not a chance in the world . he hand the phone to sloane . ferris ask for abe frohman . int . restaurant . later ferris , sloane and cameron be seat in the restaurant . the maitre would be hover over ferris . maitre'd I appreciate you understanding . ferris do not grovel , Charles . just leave we to we repast and all will be forget . maitre'd enjoy you luncheon . ferris thank you . the maitre would back away . ferris smile . sloane be impressed . cameron be flushed with nerve . ferris darling , you be wonderful . sloane oh , but I have a wonderful teacher . ferris cameron , dear friend ? cameron look to ferris . ferris and you think we would not have any fun . shame on you . ferris disappear behind he menu . 121 ext . school 121 we hear hallway sound and jeanie . jeanie ( vo ) ferris bueller 's day be numbered . 122 int . girl locker room 122 jeanie 's sit on a bench in a field hockey uniform . she 's talk to a friend . jeanie ( mean , vicious ) I be gonna bust he bun . friend why ? what 's the point ? jeanie why ? because I be sick of the little dope . he manipulate my parent , he do whatever he want , whenever he want and he never get nail . ( wick pause ) well , babe , today I be the hammer . she yank angrily on the velcro strap on she sneaker . the strap rip off in she hand . friend I think he 's cute . jeanie sweetie , it 's a establish fact that you have no taste . ferris be not cute . he 's not charming . he 's not nice . he 's not a wonderful person . he 's a ignorant mule and the sooner everybody in this school come to that realization the better off we will all be . she display the velcro strap to she friend . jeanie see ? my brother stroke you , you sympathize with he , I get piss off and this be what happen ! jeanie toss the strap on the floor . jeanie let I tell you something . I study hard , I work hard , I be polite , I be considerate , I be friendly and fair to all kind of people . except moron . I try to be everything a good , decent person should be and you know what ? friend everybody think you be a asshole . jeanie freeze with she next sentence pin to she tongue . jeanie Excuse I ? friend I do not think you be a asshole . jeanie who do ? her friend smile sheepishly . jeanie Rachel ? jeanie 's friend shrug , wag she head , do everything but verbally confirm . jeanie Rachel 's a dirt bag . who else ? friend I do not know . just forget it . jeanie forget that everybody think I be a asshole ? would you like everybody to think you be a asshole ? friend not everybody think you be a asshole . Mr. rooney like you . jeanie oh , hey . that 's exciting . a fat fifty year old clod with b.o. like I . jeanie shake she head in disbelief . jeanie would everybody be happier if maybe I be to die in a flame car accident or something ? friend maybe if you do not cat like and asshole ... jeanie be I act like a asshole ? friend I do not mean it that way . jeanie I this a conspiracy to shit all over I or something ? be my brother behind this ? tell I if he be or I will sock you tit . friend you really do have a problem , jeanie . jeanie I ? I have a problem ? friend somebody who threaten to sock people 's tit have a problem . jeanie alright . how about if I sock you face ? jeanie 's friend get up . friend take a walk , jeanie . her friend exit . jeanie ( yell after she ) if it mean anything to you , I have my period ! my body' ridding itself of old egg , goddamn it ! she snarl and slump against the locker . jeanie he 's go . he 's over . he 's monkey meat . 123 int . men' room . chez paul 123 ferris be stand at the urinal . ferris she 's a person who view life as a ordeal that must be endure . her body be a transport vehicle for she anger . I do not know where she get this shit . basically , the family 's pretty cool . he look down at the urinal . ferris I wonder if everybody shoot at cigarette butt in urinal ? probably not many woman . ( continue ) I use to think that my family be the only one that have weirdness in it . it use to worry I . then I meet cameron and I see how he family function . he zip this trousers and step away from the urinal . ferris cameron 's home life be really shit . he be not lie . that 's why he 's sick all the time . it really upset he . what he say about he parent hat each other ? I refuse to sleep over at he house . his parent fight all the time . even when I be there . be there anything worse than be at somebody 's house when they parent be fight ? it 's the absolute height of social discomfort . he check he hair in the mirror . ferris when they go after each other , cameron tighten up . it 's scary . he get so wad - up , you could not pry he bun apart with a crowbar . the thing with take he old man 's car ? it 's good for he . it teach he to deal with he fear . plus , and I must be honest here , I love drive it . I highly recommend pick one up . he exist the men' room . we hold a beat . a toilet flush . another beat and Tom walk out of the stall . he cross to the sink . 124 int . restaurant 124 cameron and sloane have be serve they lunch . they be stare at the plate . cameron what be it ? sloane I do not know . but it look like it 's already be eat and digested . cameron I know it be a mistake let ferris order for we . ferris slide over to the table and drop into he seat . ferris what be you do ? cameron look at ferris . cameron what be this shit ? ferris you get I . I do not speak french . he put he napkin in he lap and smell he plate . ferris I think it 's a land - base beefoid creature . he take a bite . he savor the taste . ferris splendid . cameron really ? ferris superb . cameron and sloane try theirs . they chew tentatively . ferris good ? sloane and cameron shrug . it 's not bad . a waiter pass . ferris stop he . ferris yo , clouseau ! the waiter stop and look at ferris indignantly . ferris I have a growth on my brain that cause memory lapse . could you tell I what we order here ? the waiter glance at the plate . waiter sweetbread . ferris uh , huh . and what might that be ? waiter pancreas . ferris as in the gland that have important function in digestion and metabolism ? cu . sloane and cameron they stop chew . they be hold they sweetbread in they mouth . cu . ferris he continue he question . ferris ... that secrete a thick , colorless fluid contain digestive enzyme ? the home of the world famous isle of langerhan ? cu . waiter he nod broadly , know that he 's spoil the kid ' meal . cu . sloane and cameron they look at each other . cu . ferris he pat he mouth with he napkin . he look to cameron and sloane . he raise a finger , hold it a beat and give a cue . cu . waiter he turn away as sloane and cameron spit out they food . cu . ferris he watch sloane and cameron then glance at the waiter . ferris check , please ! 125 ext . restaurant 125 Tom and he two guest be stand at the curb , talk . a cab be wait . the door 's open . in the b.g. ferris , sloane and cameron come out of the restaurant . they approach the cab . Tom 's back it to ferris . ferris stop cold . ferris , sloane , cameron they turn on cue at Tom , now in the b.g. , turn toward the restaurant . ferris 40000 restaurant in the downtown area and I pick the one my father go to . cameron we be gonna get nab , for sure . ferris no way , cameron . only the meek get nab . the bold survive . let 's go . he turn to the cab . sloane and cameron turn slowly . ext . STREET . cab Tom and he party be still jaw at curbside . ferris , sloane and cameron slowly approach the cab . behind the back of the man , ferris scoot sloane into the cab . cameron dash in . the ferris hop the cab . int . cab ferris slam the door . cu . cab door handle a man 's hand reach for the handle as the cab pull away . ext . restaurant Tom and he guest watch in bewilderment at they cab take off . music come up . 126 ext . museum or science and industry 126 the grand old Chicago museum . 127 int . museum . overhead shot 127 the main gallery be crowded with school kid . int . museum . floor a class of kid walk along hold hand . among the second grader be ferris , sloane and cameron , hold hand look like giant grade schooler . int . museum . display case baby chick be hatching in a huge , round incubator . sloane , ferris and cameron be intently watch the process . int . museum . coal mine sloane , ferris and cameron ride in the coal train in the coal mine replica . ferris and sloane be make out . int . museum . industrial display sloane operate a metal press to produce a tin ashtray . int . museum . heart replica a giant , walk - through replica of a human heart . ferris stagger out of it , clutching he heart , feign a massive heart attack . int . german u- boat ferris be examine the control of the capture U - Boat . he check to see if he 's be watch then he press a button and pull a lever . cu . propeller for the first time in forty year , the screw turn . cu . human fetus in a bottle the famous stage of life display which feature bottled fetus . the ninth month . a tiny human be in a jar . cu . sloane , ferris , cameron sloane want to cry . cameron 's stomach be in he throat . ferris be lose in think . the music end . sloane ( remorsefully ) I wonder if he have a name ? ferris ( blank ) ninth month . 128 ext . chicago river . long , high shot 128 from the merchandise Mart , look down the fetid , green swath of water . a boat be roll up the man-made canyon . cameron ( vo ) be you guy worried about nuclear war ? ferris ( vo ) cameron , it 's a beautiful day , we have win we freedom , we be travel down one of american 's most scenic pollute waterway and you have to bring up nuclear war ? sloane ( vo ) it be kind of raggy subject , cam . cameron ( vo ) regardless . it 's with we every day . the possiblity of global destruction . sloane ( vo ) do not you think it 's a issue because people need something to worry about ? they have to like , have some major problem that put all they little bullshit into some kind of persepective ? cameron ( vo ) maybe . ferris they use to have viet nam . they use to have the oil crisis stuff and Iran . that 's over and people have to have they big issue . it 's not like somebody come up with the nuclear holocaust yesterday at noon , you know . sloane ( vo ) to answer you question ... no , I be not worried about it at all . ferris ( vo ) we do not know when the bomb go off . we do know , however , that college start in the fall . cameron ( vo ) ( dramatic , deadly serious ) do you know what a nuclear winter be ? Long beat . sloane ( vo ) yeah . everybody 's dead , it 's real cold and the ski 's for shit . the boat make the turn in the river and clear frame . ext . boat dock the three be sit on the aft deck of the tour boat . they foot be up on the railing . very casual , very relaxed . discuss the end of the world . sloane my step -father 's always go off about how when he be young he be commit to all this cause . ferris he 's full of shit . all the old hippie be full of shit . sloane he say I do not care about thing like he do . ferris what 's he care about now ? sloane baldness , fatty meat and money . ferris I rest my case . cameron what 's spooky be they still control everything . they take over when they be young and they never give it up . ferris one of the most frightening experience of my young life have be observe my parent and we neighbor play the baby boom edition of Trivial pursuit . it 's chill to see people craze with the minutia of they past . cameron it 's human nature to like what you have better than what you have . sloane agreed . a loud speaker on the boat identify a point of interest . loudspeaker to you left it the world' tallest build ... the three look to the leave . loudspeaker , ferris , sloane , cameron the sear Tower . cameron you know , this be all very interesting but I be starve . ferris a hour ago you want to yack . cameron I feel better now . ferris lean over and grab a fish . cameron look over the side of the boat . a obtuse think flash through sloane 's brain . sloane what come after a nuclear winter ? ferris nuclear spring . 129 ext . school 129 meanwhile ... 130 int . hallway outside the dean's office 130 jeanie be have a small moral debate with herself . jeanie it 's reprehensible to squeal on you own flesh and blood ... but it 's for he own good . his cavalier attitude will get he into trouble later in life ... and it will continue to piss I off and I will get so wad - up that it will cause cervex cancer and he will ruin my life . screw he . she slip into the Dean 's outer office . 131 int . dean's outer office 131 rooney 's secretary be behind she desk . jeanie walk in . the secretary look up and greet she with a weary smile . secretary hello , jeanie . who 's bother you now ? jeanie scowl at she . jeanie be Dean rooney in ? secretary I be sorry , he 's out . can I help you ? jeanie ( condescending ) I seriously doubt it . when 's he back ? secretary I do not know . he leave the grounds on personal business . 132 ext . STREET . cu . curb 132 a car tire roll into frame and stop . slide across to the sidewalk . rooney 's dress shoe step out onto the pavement . move up to reveal rooney stand at the door of he bile - green lebaron . rooney peel off he shade and look around like he 's dirty Harry . in he mind he be dirty Harry . cu . FIRE hydrant rooney 's dre shoe on the hydrant . he tie he lace and pull up he sock . ext . STREET rooney straighten he tie and jacket and slip into a rowdy hot dog joint . 133 int . hot dog stand 133 it 's jamme with construction worker , secretary , suburban businessman . it 's loud and confusing . rooney push he way in and scope the crowd . he Pov a young person be play a video game in a far corner . cu . rooney he suspect it 's ferris . it look sort of like ferris . he smile and cut into the crowd . cu . the back of the video player' head move in on the player . rooney ( oc ) I have be wait a long time for this . the player look up . rooney ( oc ) you ass be mine . the player turn around . it 's a girl . cu . rooney the blood evacuate he face . he stare at the girl . cu . girl she stare at he . she pick up she Coke . she put the straw to she lip and suck . cu . rooney he 's still stare . he can not think of anything to say . cu . girl holding the straw in the mouth , she draw it out of the cup . she raise it , point it directly in rooney 's face . cu . rooney he squint cu . girl she blow a strawful of Coke in rooney 's face . cu . napkin holder a hand yank a napkin hold . int . hot dog stand . service counter rooney wipe he face . behind he be the kitchen and a grease - cover tv set broadcasting a cub baseball game . there 's a long foul ball . the tv camera follow the ball into the stand . a kid make a stab at the ball . rooney wipe he suit off . the tv camera zoom in on the boy triumphantly hold the foul ball aloft . it 's ferris . he do a little celebration dance . rooney wad up the napkin and toss it in a trashbin . the tv camera return to the game . rooney glance at the screen . rooney what 's the score ? hot dog man Zero to zero . rooney who 's win ? hot dog man cub . rooney nod and exit . 134 ext . wrigley field . stand 134 ferris sit down with the baseball . he shake he sting paw . on either side of he be cameron and sloane . cameron 's scarfing nacho . ferris I think I break my thumb . sloane can we leave now ? ferris you want to leave ? we just get here . sloane you get a call , you break you thumb , what 's leave to do ? cameron offer he nacho to sloane . she look at they with disgust . sloane no wonder you be always sick . ferris lean back , put he hand behind he head and turn he face to the bright sun . ferris do you realize that if I play by the rule , right now I would be in gym ? 135 ext . high school . playing field 135 a boy' gym class be do lap . a blue fiat pull into the shot . 136 int . fiat 136 jeanie 's at the wheel . she sneak a glance at the school . jeanie I can not believe my brother 's make I put myself in a position where I could get expell . selfish little moron . ( pause ) ferris ? you be overshadow I long enough . I be gonna get you , buddy . she put the car in gear and drive out of the shot . 137 ext . state STREET 137 a parade be underway . float and politician . march band , drum and bugle corps , soldier , school kid . figure skate club in outfit and skate perform they routine on pavement . it 's german - american appreciation day . ext . state STREET . float Riding atop on a float be ferris . he 's wave to the crowd . he and half a dozen homely german - american beauty queen . he 's lead the girl in sing , " danke shoen " . ext . state STREET . sloane and cameron they be watch ferris go by . they wave to he . sloane I love he . cameron it 's hard not to . cameron break a smile . as worried as he be about the day and get catch , he have to admire ferris for he lack of inhabition . cameron mumble a few word . cameron stop...water ...want ... sloane do you believe in reincarnation ? cameron huh ? sloane do you believe that you live before ? cameron yeah . sort of . sloane do you ever wonder what you be ? cameron I do not have to wonder . I know . sloane look at he with amazement . cameron I be a tractor tire . ext . state STREET . float ferris be on he knee , reach down from the float , shaking hand with people in the crowd . ferris gute tag , dude ! ext . state STREET sloane and cameron continue they conversation . cameron what be you in a previous life ? sloane I be not sure but I think I know who ferris be . cameron hannibal . sloane from the a - team ? cameron no . the guy who ride the elephant into Switzerland . sloane laugh at herself . they step out of the crowd and head down the street in the direction the parade 's head . sloane I think if he be anybody , he be magellan . you know , the guy who go around the world . cameron nod . sloane I could see he ignore popular belief and take off on some impossible mission . cameron yeah . as long as I have know he , everything work for he . there 's nothing he can not handle . I can not handle anything . School , parent , the future . ferris can do anything . ext . state STREET . float ferris be play " twist and shout " on the accordian . the girl on the float be sing . ferris well , shake it up , baby , now ! girl shake it up , baby ferris twist and shout ! girl twist and shout ! ferris come on , come on , come on , baby on ! come on and work it on out ! girl work it on out ! ext . STREET . sloane and cameron they continue they conversation . sloane the future 's worse for a boy , be not it ? cameron do not understand what she mean . sloane a girl can always bail out and have a baby and get some guy to support she . cameron that 's a pretty grim think . sloane true , but it 's a option . no option be worse . cameron I do not know what I be gonna do . sloane College . cameron yeah , but to do what ? sloane what be you interested in ? cameron nothing . sloane I either . they walk on for a few beat . we hear " twist and shout " growing louder and louder . the son be take over all the other tune in the band . it 's infect the entire parade . cameron what do you think ferris be gonna do ? ext . state STREET . marching band they be play twist and shout . ext . STREET . mounted police officer he 's sing . police officer you know you look so good ! ext . STREET . punk a band of punk be dance on the roof of a news kiosk . punk look so good ! ext . STREET mother and her child a woman and she two toddler sing along . woman you know you look so fine ! toddler look so fine ! ext . STREET . black teenager he 's wear a shower cap and a maroon overcoat . teenager come on and twist a little closer ! ext . STREET . old newspaper seller he sing along . newspaper seller twist a little closer ! ext . STREET . choir group they be march down the parade . they be sing in they angleic voice . choir and let I know that you're mine ! ext . STREET . STREET cleaners with they broom ready ... STREET cleaners know that you're mine ! ext . STREET . deck the entire parade be sing and play " twist and shout " . ext . STREET . viewing stand the politician and they wive stand up . politician and wive ah ! ext . STREET . viewing stand the clergymen stand . clergymen ah ! ext . STREET . veteran march in formation and in WWII uniform . veteran ah ! ext . STREET . float ferris lead the beauty queen in the rouse finale . ferris ah ! ext . STREET . wide and high the entire parade be at frenzy pitch . parade ahhhhh ! the SOUND of the voice blend with the SOUND of a red - line high performance engine . 138 ext . calumet CITY 138 the Port of Chicago . grim , gritty waterfront . suddenly , cameron 's father 's car fly over camera . like the open shot in Star Wars . the starship Ferrari . slo -mo . cu . ferrari under-carriage it travel past to reveal a beautiful blue sky . slo-mo . cu . parking attendant his eye be wide with exhilaration . mouth open , tongue out . maniac at the wheel . slo -mo . cu . rastaman his eye be close . Big smile . slo - mo , ext . street . kide they be look up in the air , follow the car as it fly over they . Broad , excited smile . the car 's shadow pass over they . slo - mo . 139 cu . car grille 139 it fill the frame and stop . we move up to reveal rooney behind the wheel of he car . ext . ferris ' house rooney get out of he car . he look at the house , look up and down the street , then cross to ferris ' house . 140 int . house . foyer 140 rooney 's at the front door . we see he peek in a window at the top of the door . the doorbell ring . 141 int . house . ferris ' room . computer 141 it acknowledge the doorbell . cu . cassette player it click on . 142 ext . house . front porch 142 the house intercom activate . we hear ferris ' voice . ferris who be it ? rooney press the intercom . rooney this be Ed rooney , ferris . I would like to have a word with you . ferris ' voice I be sorry I can not come to the door right now . I be very ill and I be afraid that in my weaken condition , I could take a nasty spill down the stair and subject myself to further school absense . there 's a pause . rooney press the intercom again . rooney b.s. come down here . ferris ' voice you can reach my parent at they place of business . thank you for stop by . I appreciate you concern for my well - be . it will be remember long after this illness have past . his voice click off . rooney press the intercom again . rooney I be not leave until you come down and talk to I . ferris ' voice have a nice day . rooney press the intercom . rooney I be not leave , ferris . there 's no response . rooney ring the doorbell again . the pre-record litany start over . ferris ' voice who be it ? rooney do not realize that he 's listen to a recording . rooney do not get smart with I ferris ! ferris ' voice I be sorry I can not come to the door right now . I be very ill and I be afraid that in my weaken condition ... rooney lean back from the door . he can not quite figure out what 's go on . but 's it 's highly suspicious . 143 int . house . live room 143 rooney step through the hedge and peek in the window . we hear ferris ' voice inside . ferris ' voice you may reach my parent at they place of business . 144 int . house . kitchen 144 rooney try to peak in the kitchen window . ferris ' voice I appreciate you conern for my well - be . it will be remember long after ... 145 ext . house . backdoor 145 a black rubber doggie door . the type that allow a dog to come and go as it please . rooney be crouch down . he lift the doggie door and peek in the house . he Pov along the kitchen floor . through the kitchen , into the dining room . we hear a large dog growl . cu . rooney he 's peak through the door . he hear the dog . his face freeze . ferris have a nice day . ext . house . doggie door a rottweiler burst through the doggie door in a fury of gnash tooth and foam . 146 cu . large breast 146 tassle pasty twirl like airplane propeller . cu . cameron , ferris and sloane they be sit in a booth in the garish , nearly desert strip joint . cameron 's mouth be open in amazement . sloane be embarrassed and revolt . cameron how do she do that ? one go one way , one go the other . ferris she 's probably schizophrenic . sloane ferris , this be nauseate I . really . I be lose respect for you by the bucket . ferris you do not think it 's amazing that we get in ? sloane who want to get in ? ferris cameron look like a toddler , for Christ 's sake . I be talk about a major achievement in false identification . sloane I be not interested in watch someone jiggle they mammary gland . ferris Point well take . but consider why she do it . why she do it and you do not . sloane I be not a tramp . ferris maybe she life fall apart . maybe she lose somebody . a lover . a boyfriend . a parent . a child ... ( to camera ) this kind of thing make I a little depressed . you may think because I be the age I be that I be a sex maniac . that sex be all I think about . but that 's not true . I be a romantic . I think alot of people my age be . we think about love and matter of the heart . and sat score and acne aside , we worry about lonliness . it 's a terrible thing . and we feel it . I feel it . he flip he collar up , curl he lip and affect a elvis impression . a sappy , do - wop track fade up . the club light go down . cameron and sloane disappear into darkness . ferris stand up from the booth . he stroll slowly through the empty club as the stripper bump and grind in a pool of blue light . ferris you know , someone say the world 's a stage and each must play a part . fate have I play in love , with you as my sweetheart . Act one be when we meet . I love you at first glance . you read you line so cleverly and never miss a cue . then come act two . you seem to change . you act strange . and why , I have never know . he climb up on the little runway . the stripper disappear in darkness as ferris take over the spotlight . ferris honey , you lie when you say you love I and I have no cause to doubt you . but I would rather go on hearing you lie than to go on live without you . now , the stage be bare and I be stand there with emptiness all around and if you will not come back to I , then they can bring the curtain down ... elvis fade up . the orignal recording . ferris lip synch with the big , dramatic florish that be the King 's trademark ballad sign -off . elvis be you heart filled with pain ? shall I come back again ? tell I dear , be you lonesome tonight ? ferris drop he head . like the King would . 147 ext . downtown STREET . cameron' car 147 cameron 's father be look at the car . he 's study it . it look terribly familiar . he lean into the open car and reach for the glovebox to see if the content will confirm if it 's he . he freeze . he look up slowly . he Pov the attendant and the rastaman be glower at he . they be hold bag of fry chicken . attendant you look for something in my car ? cu . cameron' father he shake he head , no . cameron' father no . 148 ext . ferris ' town . jeanie 148 jeanie 's stand at she car . she 's stare incredulously into the distance . her mouth 's open . she 's shaking she head slowly . her Pov spray-paint on the town water tower in gigantic black letter -- save ferris bueller . cu . jeanie she 's furious . jeanie I be gonna microwave he nut ... 149 ext . michigan avenue 149 afternoon traffic . 150 int . taxi cab 150 ferris , sloane and cameron in the backseat of a checker . ferris be on one window , cameron on the other . sloane 's in the middle . ferris be talk to the driver . ferris so ... he lean forward and read the driver 's name off the city license . ferris so , yuri , how long have you be in America ? driver one year . ferris what 's you overall impression ? driver it 's very good here . ferris better than Russia ? driver much better here than in Russia . ferris clearly you have never be to a american high school . ferris sit back . he put he arm around sloane . cameron it 's get late , ferris . I have to get the car home . I know you do not care , but it mean my ass . ferris you think I do not care ? cameron I know you do not care . ferris that hurt , cameron . sloane jump back , ferris , cameron 's be a good sport . ferris cameron , what would you see today ? cameron look at he . ferris you see four state , a submarine , a giant heart , seventy five dollar worth of cook pancreas , two of the most incredible breast ever to come out of modern plastic , major league baseball and ... ( quizical look ) be you gonna chuck you nacho ? cameron 's stare past ferris . he 's freeze . ferris realize he 's look at something out the window . he turn . he freeze . he Pov in the gridlock traffic , they cab be squeeze tight alongside another cab . in that cab be Tom . he 's about a foot from ferris . he turn and look right into camera . tom' Pov ferris ' freeze face . ferris ' Pov Tom glance back at he paper . he pause . look up . thinks . turn back to camera . tom' Pov sloane be sit where ferris be . she 's wear sunglass , look bored . she turn and glance out the window . fake a yawn . her Pov Tom stare at she . he 's baffle . he look away . int . cab . floor . cameron and ferris be on the floor . on they ass , with they back to the back of the front seat , foot up on the seat . ferris ( to sloane ) what 's he do ? sloane ( revolt ) he 's look at I and he 's lick the glass and make obscene gesture with he hand . ferris what ?! sloane burst out laugh . sloane roast ! she lick she finger and touch ferris knee . she make a sizzling sound . she collape on the seat in hysterics . int . tom' cab Tom 's look into ferris ' cab . he Pov sloane 's bounce up and down . cu . tom he can not quite figure out what 's go on . he turn and slowly raise he newspaper over he face . we see on the back of the paper a small story with the headline : community rally around sick youth . 151 ext . ferris ' house . backyard . dog 151 the rottweiler 's chew on a shoe . tearing it apart . ext . backyard . rooney he 's stand outside the fence . he 's miss a shoe . his suit pants be tear from the crotch to the knee . his suit coat pocket be tear off . his hair 's mess and there be grass-stain on he knee and elbow . he 's look in at the dog . rooney that 's a $ 28.00 dress shoe , you worthless mutt ! he Pov the rottweiler leap at camera . 152 ext . CITY STREET 152 ferris be lead the way down Michigan Avenue . he 's hustling through the crowd . he have sloane by the hand . she 's jogging to keep up . cameron 's a few step behind . he keep bump into people . ferris and sloane make the turn at wacker Driver and disappear into the Stone container Building . cameron follow , mumble again . cameron money...tits ... please ... 153 ext . house . front 153 a florist truck pull up in front of the house . a delivery man get out iwth a huge floral arrangement . he head up to the house . 154 ext . house . porch 154 rooney 's sit on the porch patting a bloody knee with he handkerchief . the delivery man hop up on the step . rooney look up at he . he greet rooney cheerily . delivery man howdy ! he press the doorbell . a beat and we hear ferris ' recording . ferris ' voice who be it ? the deliver man press the intercom . delivery man focus on Flowers . I have a delivery . ferris ' voice I be sorry but I can not come to the door right now . I be very ill and I be afraid ... rooney ferris ' voice it 's a recording , asshole . ... that in my weaken condition , I could take a delivery man nasty spill and subject what 's you problem ? myself to further school absense ... rooney ( pause ) he 's one of my student . you can reach my parent at they place of delivery man business . thank you for Little bugger 's die . stop by . I appreciate you concern for my well - rooney be . it will be what ? remember long after this illness have pass . delivery man as I hear it from we mailman he be supposedly bear with only half a kidney . ferris ' voice have a nice day . delivery man ( to the intercom ) thank you . ( continue ) I do not know the detail . but my boss have to send to milwaukee to get more orchid . he 's very popular . rooney be flabbergasted . delivery man nobody 's home here ? rooney no. delivery man you gonna be around for awhile ? rooney I imagine so . delivery man you wanna keep a eye on this ? rooney look at the flower . then he look at the Delivery man . delivery man ( happy sigh ) it really touch I that so many people be rallying behind this guy . I guess there 's hope for the human race afterall . he hand the arrangement to rooney . delivery man gotta run . he bound off the porch and trot to the truck . rooney look incredulously at the arrangement . he open the attach card . rooney ( defeat ) oh , Christ ... cu . card it 's sign : all our best for a speedy recovery the english dept . faculty and staff 155 int . radio station studio 155 the number one afternoon fm rock and roll d.j. be sit behind he microphone . d.j. I do not know who that be or what they be play but I apologize for it nonetheless . ( pause ) I have a guest with I today ... 156 int . studio . ferris 156 he put he headphone on . 157 ext . ferris ' house 157 jeanie 's car pull in the driveway . we hear she car radio . d.j. his name be ferris Mueller . ferris bueller . ferris bueller . int . car . jeanie she go into shock . her eye blink , she head cock . d.j. sorry about that . ferris it 's cool . jeanie draw back and punch out she radio . cu . car antenna the impact of she blow to the radio shoot the antenna in the air . 158 int . studio 158 ferris lean forward and adjust the microphone . d.j. he have a incredible story . ferris turn to camera . ferris I be go to tell a massive lie here . it 's go to by very thick and very steamy . I think radio 's a facinate medium , it challenge the imagination . unlike television which provide the image , radio ... ( pause ) you know this . anyway , it 's always be a dream of mine to be on the radio . I have what I consider to be a excellent broadcast voice . I practise it in the bathroom all the time . I use to play record and do introduction to they . but I have never have the chance to sit behind a microphone and try it out for real . this be a 50,000 watt outlet . I be go out to several million people so let I just say , I be in a very pleasant groove right now . ( clear he voice , speak into the mike , affect a " radio " voice ) well , Steve , you and you listener be probably not go to believe this but ... 159 int . school 159 a group of kid be sit around a blaster . ferris ' voice ... I be the first Chicago area youth to be select to participate in a space shuttle mission . 160 int . studio 160 ferris turn from the mike to camera . ferris I be go to say I know springsteen 's home phone number and I be go to give out the number of the New Jersey State Police but I think I might get bust . after I get flunk in driver 's ed for sideswipe a mail box , which be not in any way , shape or from my fault . I be put out a cigarette , like I be tell . it be weird . I be so use to get in a car and lighting up , because I be not allow to smoke at home , that I get in the driver 's ed. car and space completely , pull out of the lot , light up a ' boro and Mrs. heller look at I like I would just pull a bunny out of my nose or something and I realize what the hell I be do and I go to put it out and hit the mail box . anyway , I be so piss off at she reaction to the whole thing that I consider run a ad in a sleaze magazine for a school teacher that do phone sex and I be gonna use Mrs. heller 's home number but be cost too much . I take it again and pass . but I have to work at Burger King to get the cash to pay for the driver 's ed. car . the car get fix in auto shop for nothing and I think rooney pockete the cash . but I can not prove it ? I be in high school , remember ? he turn back to the dj . d.j. how do you get pick for this . ferris it 's kind of a long story but I have be do alot of programming for NASA . 161 int . school . hallway 161 a even larger group of kid be listen to the blaster . they be cheer he on . 162 ext . ferris ' house . backyard 162 the rottweiler be lay unconscious on the lawn . the flower arrangement be scattered all over the yard and the ceramic vase the flower be in have obviously strike the dog . the break piece be all around the dog 's head . ext . ferris house . backyard . rooney he 's smile with great satisfaction . rooney sleep tight , pooch . he hear something in the house . his head snap around . he drop down and peek in the window . he Pov a glimpse of a fleeting figure . cu . rooney his eye dance in anticipation of revenge . 163 int . house . ferris ' room 163 jeanie kick the door open . the yardstick fling the cover and the pillow beneath they in the air . she stomp in and turn off the snore synthesizer . jeanie I know it ! she grab the phone and sit down . she dial a number . 164 ext . house . front 164 rooney sneak around the side of the house . he slink up on the porch . the front door 's open . he peek in . 165 int . ferris ' room 165 jeanie 's on the phone . jeanie be Mrs. bueller there ? where be she ? this be she daughter . do you know where she be ? do you know when she will be back ? do you know anything ? she slam the phone down . jeanie the worm have luck like clam have body odor ... she 's startle by a noise downstairs . a smile spread across she face . he 's back and she 's go to nail he . 166 int . house . foyer 166 rooney sneak into the house . he look around the foyer and head into the kitchen . 167 int . house . upstair hallway 167 jeanie tiptoe down the stair . 168 int . house . kitchen 168 rooney sneak through the kitchen into the de . 169 int . house . foyer 169 jeanie come down the stair into the foyer . 170 int . house . kitchen 170 rooney come out of the de , back into the kitchen . he cross back toward the foyer . 171 int . foyer 171 jeanie sneak into the kitchen . 172 int . kitchen 172 jeanie and rooney come face - to-face . jeanie squeal in horror . she do not recognize rooney as himself but as a intruder . she drop into a karate stance and kick rooney in the face . he hit the deck . she flee back up the stair . 173 int . car 173 boyd be sit in the backseat of Joyce 's car listen to the radio . ferris ' voice my input on the Star Wars defense plan be pretty substantial so I guess this be they way of reward I . I be pretty flatter . ext . car Joyce and she client leave a show house and head toward the car . int . car boyd look out the window as he parent and Joyce appear . d.j. voice can you stay around and take a few phone call ? ferris ' voice I would really like to but I have a kidney operation in about a hour . ext . car Joyce and she client take one last look at the house . joyce if you be willing to commit a little time and a little money to this place , you can really have something to be proud of . do not let the black live room throw you off . she open the car door . int . car the door open . d.j. voice I wish you the best of luck . ferris ' voice thanks , Steve . d.j. voice a very interesting guy , ferris bueller . Joyce get in . the client get in the other side . a song start . joyce ( to the kid ) well , boyd , how be you bear up ? the kid stare at she . joyce do I tell you I have a son you age ? boyd twice . joyce his name be ferris . I think you would like he . boyd sit up in the seat at the mention of ferris ' name . boyd be he go up in the space shuttle in September ? Joyce look around at boyd . she give he a curious look . joyce not that I know of . boyd I know he be bullshit . mother watch you mouth . boyd how do you watch you mouth ? joyce do you know my son ? father do not pay any attention to he . he think it 's cute to bait adult . boyd I do not think it 's cute . I think it 's fun . Joyce give he a puzzle smile and start the car . 174 int . ferris ' room 174 jeanie 's on the phone . she 's in a panic . jeanie this be not a phoeny phone call . there 's a intruder , male caucasian , possibly armed , certainly weird , in we kitchen . ( pause ) my name be bueller . there 's another pause . jeanie 's face drop . jeanie it 's real nice that you hope my brother 's feel better but I be in danger , okay ? I be very cute , I be very alone and I be very protective of my body . I would rather not have it violate or kill . I need help ! 175 int . kitchen 175 rooney 's plugging he bloody nose with paper towel . the intercom go on . jeanie' voice Excuse I . if whoever 's in the house be still in the house , I would like you to know that I have just call the police . if you have any brain whatsoever , you will get you ass out of my house real quick . rooney stiffen with fear . jeanie' voice I would also like to add that I have my father 's gun . and a scorching case of herpes . 176 ext . STREET 176 rooney 's car be hook to a tow truck . it 's park in front of a fire hydrant and the windshield be decorate with parking citation . in the distance siren wail . 177 ext . parking lot 177 the three be wait for the Ferrari . we hear tire squealing , a engine reving -out . then the Ferrari pull down the ramp and jam to a frightening stop . a black guy jump out . ferris hand he the parking stub . ferris just out of curiosity , what be you top speed come down the ramp ? black guy ( matter -of - fact ) about 60 . ferris stun ! he hand he a buck and open the door and pull the passenger seat forward for cameron . ferris this be probably the last time you will have to ride back here . keep that in mind . cameron give he a look and squeeze in . 178 ext . downtown STREET 178 the Ferrari cruise through traffic . int . ferrari sloane 's in the passenger seat . ferris be drive and cameron be cramme in the back . sloane what 's next . cameron nothing . we return the car . sloane we could go to my house . my parent be not come home until late . ferris we have enough cash leave for a quick flight to Peoria and back . cameron very funny . ferris look in the mirror and change lane . he glance down at the speedometer , then to the road . and back to the speedometer . ferris cameron ? how many mile do you say this thing have when we leave ? cameron one hundred and twenty six and halfway between three and four tenth . why ? how many mile be on it now ? he glance down at the speedometer . cu . speedometer the odometer read 432.7 . ferris ( to camera ) here 's where cameron go berserk . ext . traffic the Ferrari pull up at a stop light . we hear a thundering , muffled scream . ext . expressway the Ferrari be buzzing through traffic . int . ferrari sloane turn in she seat and look at cameron . her gesture be one of genuine support . sloane you okay ? cu . cameron his eye be freeze in a mindless , vacant stare . cu . ferris he look at sloane . he 's concerned . ferris hey , cameron . it 's okay . we will fix it . cu . cameron he 's still hold the stare . he start to breathe heavily . he 's tremble . cu . sloane she whip around in the seat and grab he arm . sloane cameron ! cut it out ! what 's wrong ?! ferris ! cu . ferris he shoot sloane a look . ferris cameron , be you okay ? it 's no problem , really . you old man will not know a thing . it 's completely fixable . int . ferrari sloane fire a angry look at ferris . sloane shut-up ! it be a problem ! for he it 's a problem . nothing 's a problem for you . but it 's a problem for he ! so , just shut -up . she turn back to cameron . sloane what can I do , cameron ? cu . ferris eye front . he know what he 's do . 179 int . ferris ' house . foyer 179 the doorbell ring . the ferris ' tape be activate . ferris voice who be it ? we hear a male voice over the intercom . voice anybody home ? ferris ' voice I be sorry that I can not come to the door right now ... the tape continue as jeanie hurtle down the stair . jeanie I be save ! thank you , God ! thank you , thank you , thank you ! she jump the last few stair and slide to the front door . she whip it open . 180 ext . house . front door 180 the door swing open . jeanie thank ... you ... her jaw go slack . she blink she eye . her Pov the Delivery man and a young assistant be stand at the door with floral arrangement . spread all around they be more flower . a sexy sing nurse and a balloon man step up on the porch . nurse ( sing ) we hope you're feeling better we hope you're felling fit we ... the door slam shut . 181 ext . neighborhood STREET 181 rooney 's walk down the street . a school bus be crawl alongside he as kid hang out the window . from inside we hear shout and seventeen different song playing on blaster . a top forty montage . kid hey , Mr. rooney ! what be you do ? rooney do not respond . another kid do you get in a fight ? rooney keep walk . the bus door open . the driver call out to he . driver you want a lift ? rooney take a few more step . he stop . the bus stop . rooney take a deep breath . he climb aboard the bus . 182 int . bus 182 the bus be jamme with wonk and weinerette . the passenger be silent as they watch rooney shuffle down the aisle and take a empty seat next to a skinny , myopic girl . cu . girl she look at rooney and smile . she push she Coke bottle glass up on she nose . cu . rooney he look vacantly at she . cu . girl she hold she smile . girl I will bet you never smell a real school bus before . cu . rooney he stare at she . cu . girl she hold up a candy package . girl gummi bear ? cu . rooney he stare at she . cu . girl she put one in she mouth . girl they have be in pocket . they be real soft and warm . cu . boy a rotund freshman boy sit across from rooney be stare at he . cu . rooney he look across to the kid . cu . boy he lean forward . freshman boy it 's kind of like be in the belly of the beast be not it ? cu . rooney he turn he eye to the front . the bus jerk forward and pull away . 183 ext . bus 183 it grind through the gear as it head down the quiet street . the blaster go back on , the shout resume . 184 ext . park 184 cameron 's lay on a picnic table . sloane 's sit beside he on the table . she 's stroking he hair . ferris walk into the foreground . he address camera . ferris this may very well be for real . I think cameron might have blow a micro-chip or two . he 's always be a little key - up . all I want to do be give he a good day . we be gonna graduate in a couple of month . then we have the summer . he will work and I will work . and we will see each other at night and on the weekend but then he will go to one school and I will go to another . and basically that will be it . as much as we like each other , the process of grow up will separate we . he begin to walk . we follow he . ferris sloane 's a bigger problem . she still have another year of high school . how do I deal with that ? I be serious when I say I would marry she . I would . this be not just teenage infatuation . that 's what my parent call it . what do they call what they have ? if that 's love , I will take infatuation . cu . cameron his eye be close . sloane 's stroking he hair . ferris ( vo ) cameron 's never be in love . at least no one 's ever be in love with he . he 's gonna marry the first girl he lay . and she 's gonna treat he like shit because he 's gonna kiss she ass for give he what he 's build - up in he mind as the end - all , be - all of human existance . she will not respect he because you can not respect someone who kiss you ass . it just do not work . cu . sloane she 's study cameron 's face . she look away . sloane ferris ? cu . ferris he look to the picnic table . then back to camera . ferris I be be test here . he start back to the picnic table . ferris my best friend have flip - out . conventional wisdom would suggest a visit to the nearest trauma center . I would not fault anybody for do that . my , personally , I think this call for something new , something bold , something wet and wild . 185 cu . jacuzzi jet 185 underwater shot . a hyrdojet spew a gush of air bubbles . cu . blaster a finger push the play button on the cassette . music come up . cu . Beer can lid the finger pop a beer . cu . oreo package a paint fingernail pierce the cellophane wrapper . int . jacuzzi ferris and sloane be in sloane 's parent ' jacuzzi . they clothes be tosss around the deck . cameron 's be place in a patio chair at the edge of the jacuzzi . he 's still catatonic . he 's mummbling softly . ferris be drink a beer . sloane 's eat oreos . ferris you feel any better , cameron ? sloane the water 's really nice . I wish you would come in . cu . cameron stare into space . cameron surgery ...fire ...move ... cu . sloane and ferris they look at each other . she offer he a cookie . he offer she he beer . ferris cameron ? do you think this because of the car or be it a combination of everything shitty in you life ? cu . cameron he do not respond . cameron music...kiss ...attack ... cu . sloane and ferris sloane sip the beer . ferris you just can not deal with anymore shit ? the car take you into the red zone ? time for a reality check ? sloane cameron ? I could flip real easy , too . there 's nothing wrong with it . at one time or another , everybody go to the zoo . ferris maybe he be actually sick . maybe he be not bullshit himself . cu . cameron no response . cameron gesundheit ... God ... mercy ... ext . backyard ferris and sloane watch they catatonic friend . cu . cameron he smile . cu . sloane she lean forward and stare at cameron . cu . ferris he cock he head , wonder what cameron 's up to . cu . cameron he keel over forward . ext . backyard cameron fall out of the chair and splashes down , face - first , into the water . sloane scream . ferris leap for he . underwater ferris struggle with cameron 's lifeless bulk . cu . sloane she 's scream . ferris thrashes around in the water . underwater ferris grab cameron 's collar and rip he out of the water . ext . backyard ferris sit cameron on the edge of the jacuzzi . ferris cameron ! cu . cameron his eye be close . he 's lifeless . cu . ferris his face be a mask of terror . he shake cameron . cu . sloane she 's scream . cu . cameron a smile spread across he face . cu . ferris he see the smile . he stop shaking cameron . ext . jacuzzi ferris and cameron be look at each other . sloane 's still scream . she realize that cameron 's okay . she stop scream . sloane what ? ferris ( cameron ) you asshole ! cameron 's smile . sloane what ? ferris start to laugh . cameron explode with laughter . sloane 's bewilder . sloane what 's so funny ? 186 int . police station . waiting room 186 jeanie 's sit on a wooden bench with a wasted teenage boy in a triumph t-shirt , long hair , tear jeans , creeper , stud and chain . he 's study she . boy drug ? jeanie no , thank you . I be straight . boy I mean , be you here for drug ? jeanie stare at he . jeanie why be you here ? boy drug . jeanie I do not know why I be here . boy then why do not you go home ? jeanie why do not you put you thumb up you butt ? the boy stare at she . boy you want to talk about you problem ? jeanie with you ? be you serious ? boy yeah , I be serious . jeanie blow yourself . jeanie turn away . the boy cross he leg . jeanie look back at he . jeanie you really want to know what 's wrong ? the boy shrug . jeanie alright . if you have get the time , I have get the trouble . in a nutshell , I hate my brother . how 's that ? boy that 's cool . do you shoot he or something ? jeanie no , not yet . the boy nod . he understand the emotion . jeanie I go home to confirm that the shithead be ditching school and a guy break into the house and I call the cop and they pick I up for make a phoney phone call . boy what do you care if you brother ditch school ? jeanie stare at the boy . jeanie why should he get to ditch school when everybody else have to go ? boy you could ditch . jeanie I would get catch . boy so , you be piss at he because he ditch and do not get catch ? jeanie basically . the boy nod knowingly . boy then you problem be you . jeanie Excuse I ? boy Excuse you . you oughta spend a little more time deal with yourself and a little less time worry about what you brother do . it 's just a opinion . jeanie stare angrily at he . partly because he 's so bold and partly because he 's so right . boy there 's somebody you should talk to . jeanie stare at he threateningly . jeanie if you say ferris bueller , you lose a testicle . boy you know he ? cu . jeanie' hand it curl into a fist . 187 cu . ferrari tire 187 it 's spin rapidly . cy . accelerator a brick 's rest on the accelerator , hold it down . int . cameron' garage ferris , cameron and sloane be sit in the garage . the Ferrari be jack up . the wheel be turn . the engine 's racing . cameron the whole time I be just think thing over . I be like , meditate . I be think about the future . and I realize it do not make and difference if the present go to shit . ferris I have a agree with you there . sloane really . cameron I have be think all day that if you could only have the use of one word , what would it be ? ferris sloane be naked before you eye and you be think about word ? sloane God bless you , cameron . cameron thank you , sloane . cameron if you guy only have one word , what would it be ? ferris I can not believe you would think up something like with a naked girl in a jacuzzi right in front of you . sloane come on , ferris , answer he question . ferris bathroom . sloane I would say ... she think . ferris Cash . cameron it 's the only word you could ever use . ferris hello . sloane Love . ferris and what be you loathe somebody ? be you go to say " love " every time you see they ? sloane it 's better than " hello " . ferris hellos ' generic . sloane you wanna be generic ? cameron it 's help . cameron smile at he wisdom . ferris and sloane think about it . it 's a good choice . cameron get up and walk to the Ferrari . cameron the word be help . cameron peek in the window . cu . odometer nothing 's happen . int . garage cameron pull he head out of the car . cameron ferris ? it 's not work . ferris look up . cameron the mile be not come off , run it in reverse . ferris I think that might be a problem . let 's crack open the odometer and roll it back by hand . cameron shake he head . cameron I get a better idea . it 's cool . he walk back around behind the Ferrari . cameron seventeen year and I have never take a stand . now , I be gonna do it . I be take a stand against my father , against my family , against myself , against my past , my present and my future . I will not sit idly by as event that affect I unfold to change the course of my life . I will take a stand and I will defend it . when my father come home tonight , he 's finally go to have to deal with I . good or bad , I be take a stand . cu . ferris he turn to camera . ferris this be a big U - 2 fan . cu . sloane she smile proudly at cameron . she applaud he . cu . cameron he 's serious and determine . he have make up he mind and it appear that it will not be change by anyone but himself . cu . tire it 's spin wildly . cu . mercede bumper cameron 's foot rest on the bumper . a beat and it give a mighty shove . cu . tire the spin tire slam down on the cement . int . garage cameron have kick the Ferrari off the jack . it squeal out of the garage in a cloud of blue tire smoke . a $ 50,000 unmanned investment head backwards down a driveway . cu . sloane and ferris they be in shock . ext . house the Ferrari shoot down the driveway . int . garage cameron watch the car go . he 's strangely placcid about the impending disaster . ferris and sloane be bewilder . there Pov the Ferrari travel down the driveway , across the street , over the curb into the wood property opposite the house . cu . tree the Ferrari 's brief journey end as it smack a tree trunk . int . garage ferris and sloane exchange baffle look . they look at cameron . he 's proud and bold . ferris what be that about ? sloane this have to be a dream . ferris cameron ? one quick question . why would you do that ? cameron hold he proud posture for a beat . then a look of bewilderment come over he face . he shoot a look to ferris . a puzzle look . ferris you trash the car . cameron look across the street . sloane why ? cameron I take a stand . ferris no , cameron . you wreck a car . cameron think for a moment . then he regains he confidence . cameron it 's okay . ferris look across the street at the car . ferris I have a idea . if you be interested . cameron look at he . he shake he head . cameron I be gonna handle it . ferris I think this could work . cameron no , thanks . I want to deal with it by myself . sloane what about you one word ? cameron you already do it . if I need it again , I will use it . he smile . he raise be impish eyebrow . cameron it 's cool . I be loose . 188 int . police station . office 188 Joyce be talk with the juvenile officer . outside the office , on the bench , we see jeanie and the boy make out . joyce she 's never be in trouble before . this be a shock to I . first , I do not know why she be not at school . second , I do not know why she would call you with this story about a rapist . officer for whatever reason she do it , I think she would have a good scare . joyce I hope so . I appreciate you call I . I can assure you that she father and I will have a long talk with she . the gather she purse and jacket and stand . joyce thank you . officer oh , by the way , I hope you son 's feel better . Joyce look at the officer curiously . officer tell he , all the guy at the station here be pull for he . 189 int . police station . waiting room 189 jeanie quickly break the embrace with the boy as Joyce step out of the juvenile officer 's room . she 's still a little bewilder that everybody know ferris be ill . jeanie wipe she lip and sit up straight . the boy adjust he pants to better hide he passion . jeanie ( to the boy ) if you keep this to yourself , I think we can probably get it on pretty good . boy for sure . jeanie stand up . jeanie hi. joyce do not " hi " I , young lady . get you stuff . jeanie reach down for she purse . boy what 's you name ? jeanie Jean . what 's yours ? boy garth volbeck . 190 ext . sloane's backyard 190 sloane and ferris be stand at the back fence . sloane I have a great time today . ferris yeah . it be pretty cool . sloane you think cameron 's gonna be alright ? ferris sure . he have to so it , I guess . his old man have it come . he will be okay . I would be worried if he would take my idea . sloane smile knowingly . sloane you do not have a idea , do you ? ferris not a glimmer . sloane you be so smart . ferris no. I be just real loose . he kiss she . ferris I will call you tonight . sloane nod . ferris jump the fence and take off across the backyard . sloane watch he go . a huge smile spread across she face . sloane I love you ! she back away from the fence . music fade up . sloane he 's gonna marry I . I know it . she turn and run into the house . 191 ext . backyard 191 ferris sprint across a backyard . he jump a plaster elf . 192 ext . another backyard 192 ferris vault a fence . he run directly for a swim pool . he 's approach it from the side . he leap , hit the diving board , spring off , do a flip and land on the grass on the other side of the pool . 193 cu . bedspread 193 neatly bundle stack of bill and roll coin . a significant amount of cash . cu . sloane she 's write . cu . piece of paper we see a portion of the typewritten letter as she sign it . " ... in the amount of $ 1,765.33 . it give we great pleasure to assist you in performance of you worthy and much need survive to that so desperately in need . sincerely , sloane Peterson executive director the ferris bueller Foundation " 194 ext . ferris ' STREET 194 he 's run down the middle of the street . a car honk . ferris move to the side . the car pull around he . int . car . Tom 's at the wheel . he glance in the mirror . he do a take . he Pov . mirror we see ferris cut across a front lawn and into a house . cu . tom he realize it could not be ferris . 195 int . house 195 ferris run through the kitchen , past a woman , fix dinner and out she backdoor . the woman look up curiously . 196 ext . ferris ' house 196 Tom pull in the driveway . he park and get out . Joyce pull in from the other direction . 197 ext . house . back porch 197 ferris try the door . it 's lock . he reach down and lift the doormat . cu . porch the outline of a key in the dirt under the mat . the key 's go . the toe of a chew - up dress shoe step into frame . a omnious chord be struck . cu . ferris he stare up in horror . he Pov rooney 's look down at he . he 's hold the house key . ext . porch ferris stand up . he smile . rooney look for this ? ferris yes . rooney I get you , ferris . this time I finally get you . ferris be catch . there 's no way out . rooney gloat severely . rooney how do another year of high school sit with you ? suddenly , the backdoor open . jeanie look out . she feign joy and relief . she rush ferris and hug he . jeanie thank God , you be alright ! we have be worried sick ! cu . ferris a moment of curiosity . then it dawns on he what 's happen . he smile . cu . rooney his eye dart from ferris to jeanie to ferris . his victory be evaporate . ext . porch jeanie break the embrace . jeanie ( to rooney ) thank you for bring he home , Mr. rooney . ( to ferris ) you better get up in bed tight now . ferris limp into the house . jeanie can you imagine someone as sick as ferris try to walk home from the hospital ? ( shake she head ) kid ! cu . rooney he 's dumbfounded . cu . jeanie she raise she hand and strike a karate pose . a huge smile pass over she face . cu . rooney a look of terror as he realize that be be jeanie who kick he and that jeanie know it be he who she kick . ext . porch jeanie step into the house . 198 int . house 198 the door close on rooney 's defeat , lose , deject , bewilder face . not only have he lose ferris again , he have jeanie to deal with next year . 199 ext . yard . cu . dog 199 the click of the door wake he up . his head pop up off the grass . cu . rooney he sense new danger . we hear a o.c. growl . rooney squeeze he eye shut . 200 int . kitchen 200 kimberly and Todd be sit at the kitchen table watch tv and eat cereal . they look up at ferris as he come in from outside . todd ferris ? do my head look like it 's get bigger ? ferris lean against the counter as he try to catch he breath . he look at he little brother . ferris no , but kimberly 's be . he cross to the refrigerator and open it . kimberly feel she head . KIMBERLY ( to Todd ) be he serious ? todd I think so . KIMBERLY oh , shit ! ferris take out a bottle of orange juice out of the refrigerator and drink straight from the bottle . jeanie come in . ferris thanks , jeanie . jeanie no problem . ferris by the way , I borrow some cash from you . I will pay you back . jeanie you do not have to . ferris I want to . jeanie you do not have to . I have be rip off you wallet for year . ferris give she a proud smile . 201 ext . house 201 Joyce and Tom head up to the kitchen . 202 int . kitchen 202 ferris and jeanie exit the kitchen as Joyce and Tom enter . joyce ( to Todd and kimberly ) hi , guy . KIMBERLY be my head swell up ? 203 int . house . foyer 203 the foyer be jamme with floral arrangement , plant and gift . ferris and jeanie step gingerly through the flower and head upstairs . jeanie I be sorry I have be riding you bun for so long . ferris it 's completely cool . joyce ( oc ) ferris ! ferris continue up the stair . he affect a sickly voice . ferris upstair , Mom ! 204 int . second floor landing 204 ferris and jeanie stop . jeanie do you know a guy name garth volbeck ? ferris vaguely . jeanie be he cool ? ferris he 's cool . but stay away from he brother . ferris walk into the room , brushes the crumb off he hand and peel off he shirt . he climb into bed . no sooner be the cover over he than the bedroom door open and Joyce and Tom walk in . they walk over to the bed . Joyce sit down . joyce honey ? cu . ferris the same deathly face he have in the morning . tongue out , eye bulg . tom ( oc ) ferris ? how do you feel ? he pull in he tongue to speak . ferris ( deathly gasp ) 150 % better , thank you . 205 int . bedroom 205 Tom and Joyce hover over he with deep concern . ferris I be much better , really . please , do not make I stay home again . I want to go to school . I be graduate in June and I ... tom ferris . you be sick . there 's no point push yourself and make it worse . ferris maybe you be right , dad . tom I know I be right . Joyce lean over and kiss he forehead . joyce how do you get so sweet ? ferris year of practice . Tom pat ferris on the rump . he and Joyce exit . cu . ferris the hideous face . a beat and we hear the bedroom door close . ferris look at camera . ferris ( happy sigh ) yeah , life be a carousel . a great big crazy ball of pure live , breathe joy and delight . he roll over on he back and put he hand behind he head . ferris you gotta get one . he smile . music up big end title the end