? field of dream written by phil alden Robinson March 9 , 1988 final draft screenplay 1 fade in montage of photo ray ( v.o . ) my fatherus name be John kinsella . a fade , sepia shot of a dirty little kid on a farm . ray ( v.o . ) it 's a irish name . he be bear in North dakota , in 1896 ... Young man in doughboy uniform . ray ( v.o . ) ... and never see a big city until he come back from France in 1918 . Chicago . tenement . comiskey park. ballgame . ray ( v.o . ) he settle in Chicago , where he quickly learn to live and die with the White Sox . die a little when they lose the 1919 World Series ... newspaper headline . photo of shoeless Joe Jackson . ray ( v.o . ) ... die a lot the follow summer when eight member of the team be accuse of throw that Series . dad ( a catcher ) play ball . at work . weed . ray ( v.o . ) he play in the minor for a year or two , but nothing ever come of it . move to Brooklyn in '' 35 , marry Mom in '' 38 , and be already a old man work at the Naval Yards when I be bear in 1949 . Ray as a infant . with he father . in front of ebbet field in miniature dodger uniform , etc . ray ( v.o . ) my nameus Ray kinsella . Mom die when I be three , and I suppose dad do the best he could . instead of mother Goose , I be put to bed at night to storey of ( more ) continued 2 1 continued ray ( cont 'd ) Babe Ruth , Lou gehrig ... and the great shoeless Joe Jackson . dad be a yankee fan then , so of course I roote for Brooklyn . but in ' 58 the dodger move away , so we have to find other thing to fight about . we do . and when it come time to go to college , I pick the farthest one from home I could find . Berkeley in the 1960s : hippie , protester , etc . ray ( v.0 . ) this , of course , drive he right up the wail , which I suppose be the point . officially my major be English , but really it be the sixty . Ray look foolish in long hair and tie-dye . ray ( v.o . ) I march , I smoke some grass , I try to like sitar music ... and I meet Annie . Annie : blue jeans , T-shirt , freckle . they courtship . ray ( v.0 . ) the only thing we have in common be that she come from Iowa and I have once hear of Iowa . we move in together . after graduation , we move to the Midwest , and stay with she family as long as we could . unsmile american gothic type . ray ( v.o . ) almost a full afternoon . the apartment , Ray at different job , the wedding . ray ( v.0 . ) we rent a apartment and I take a job sell insurance . I also drive a cab and work in a pizza parlor . dad die in June of 1 74 . Annie and I get marry that fail . baby picture . ray ( v.o . ) a few year later karin be bear . she smell weird , but we love she anyway . then Annie get the crazy idea that she could talk I into buy a farm . continued 3 1 continued ( 2 ) 1 Ray , Annie , and four-year - old karin by the " sold " sign of they farm . Ray in a cornfield . ray ( v.0 . ) I be thirty - eight year old and I be about to become a farmer . I love my family , I love baseball , and I miss New York . move in on Ray 's face . ray ( v.0 . ) but until I hear the Voice ... I would never do a crazy thing in my whole life . dissolve to 2 the cornfield - dusk 2 it be dusk on a spring evening . the sky be a robin' - egg blue , and the wind be soft as a day - old chick . Ray kinsella be work in the cornfield when a voice -- like that of a public address announcer -- speak to he . the voice ' if you build it , he will come . ' Ray look up and around , but see nothing that could be the source of this sound . all around he be empty field . he stand quietly for a few moment , then go back to work . the voice ' if you build it , he will come . ' Ray jerk he head in all direction to see where this voice be come from , but again , he see nothing unusual -- just the furrow field and a few hundred foot away , the massive old farmhouse with a sagging veranda on three side . on the north veranda be a wooden porch swing where Annie and karin sit , sip lemonade and dream . ray ( call ) Annie , what be that ? annie ( call back ) what be what ? ray that voice . annie what voice ? continued 4 2 continued 2 ray just now . like a announcement . Annie confer briefly with karin , then call back to Ray . annie we do not hear anything . ray oh. Ray think for a second , then shake it off , try to dislodge that think from he mind , and get back to work . the voice ' if you build it , he will come . ' again , he bolt upright and look around . again , he see nothing . this be beginning to bug he . he call : ray okay , you must have hear that . 3 on the porch 3 Annie and karin lock at each other and exchange a shrug . Annie extend she arm palm upward , and call to Ray . annie sorry . come on . dinner . Annie lead karin inside . 4 - in the field 4 Ray look all around he with a " okay , fella , what 's the joke ? " look on he face . but there be no one there . he put down he tool and walk toward the house . 5 int . kitchen Ray enter , look at he wife skeptically and join he wife and daughter set the table . ray be there like a sound truck on the highway , or something ? annie nape . continued 5 5 continued 5 ray kid with a radio ? annie nope . you really hearing voice ? ray just one . annie ah. God ? ray more like a. . . ballpark announcer . Annie shoot he a " be you kid ? " look . Ray respond with a shrug . they sit down to eat . annie what would it say ? ray ' if you build . it , he will come . ' annie if you build what , who will come ? ray ( shrug ) he do not say . annie ooh , I hate it when that happen . ray I too . CUT to 6 ray and anniee bedroom - night 6 they be snuggle together , asleep . all be quiet . then : the voice ' if you build it , he will come . ' Ray 's eye pop open . he look at Annie , who do not stir . without move , he look around the room . there be no one there . very quietly , he cross to the window and look out . he whisper out toward the cornfield : ray build what ? for who ? continued 6 6 continued 6 behind he , Annie stir . annie Ray ? ray it 's okay , honey , I be just - talk to the cornfield . he sigh and go back to bed . Annie cuddle up to he . her eye be close , but Ray 's eye remain open . he be puzzle and concerned . CUT to 7 television screen a scene from the 1950 movie harvey , in which James Stewart insist he be converse with a invisible rabbit . 8 ray and anniee kitchen morning L ittle karin be watch harvey while she eat she breakfast . Ray enter , look like he have very little sleep , and promptly turn the tv set off . karin why would you do that ? it be funny . ray trust I , karin , it 's not funny . the man be sick . he 's very sick . Annie enter , put on she coat . annie karin , if you be finish , get you coat and school bag . let 's go . karin bolt from the table . ray uh honey , I will take she today . I 'v -e get some errand in town . annie Far out . she take off she coat and kiss Ray as he take - the car key and head outside . Annie sit at the kitchen table . continued 7 continued 8 annie what if the voice call while you be go ? ray take a message . annie right . he exit . she grin , turn on the tv and watch harvey . CUT to 9 ext . iowa CITY elementary school - day 9 Ray 's car pull up , karin run out and Ray drive off . CUT to 10 int . doctor' office - day 10 Ray be plugge into some weird - look contraption , have he hearing examine . then the Doctor shine a penlight into he eye , shrug , and start put he gear away . doctor well , I can not find anything wrong . I could recommend a shrink , but hey , people hear thing all the time . I hear a voice once . I be still live with my parent , ' then . they work in the circus , so I be raise in the circus , and I be training to be a clown . this one day , I be put on my little red nose and I hear a voice , tell I to go to medical school . here I be . Ray be not sure if he should ignore this or run . CUT to 11 farm supply store - day 11 farmer be load up with seed , fertilizer , and other farmer stuff . this be the kind of place where people also linger to exchange gossip , swap lie , and pass the time . Ray be off to one side , chew the fat with a old - timer . continued 8 11 continued 11 ray in all that year , do you ever ... ( search ) I have hear that sometimes farmer out in the field ... hear thing . voice . old-timer you hearing voice ? ray ( quickly ) no . it 's just that I hear some farmer do , and ... I , of course , do not , so I be wonder if I be do something wrong , or something . do you ever hear voice out there ? cashier ( call from she cash register ) who 's hearing voice ? old-timer Ray be . out in the field . now , everyone in the store turn to look at Ray . ray no ! no , I be not . really . but the people still stare . Ray address they . ray noise ! that darn tractor , it 's ... ( force a nervous laugh ) well , I will just get some 3 - in - 1 oil , that should ... ( to the old - timer ) Nice talk to you . CUT to 12 ray' farm - day 12 Ray be out in the field again , hard at work . a breeze pick up . he stop fora moment , cock a ear and look around . all he see be the empty field . insect make the only sound . he go back to work . then : the voice ' if you build it , he will come . ' continued 9 12 continued 12 he throw he tool down angrily and look all around , but there be no apparent source of the voice . Ray be piss . ray all right , who be you , and what the hell do you want from I ?!? all he hear be a faraway echo . the voice ' if you build it , he will come . ' this be serious . Ray shake he head and repeat the word to himself . ray if you build it ... as he think about this word , , some unexplain impulse cause Ray to turn he head deliberately toward a portion of the cornfield between he and the house . flash CUT 1 13 a baseball field l3 for the briefest of moment , the dreamlike image of a baseball field at night , illuminate by floodlight , flare in over the lawn . stand on the edge of the field , be the figure of a man with he back to we . before we can see anything else , the image disappear . 14 ray 14 Ray 's eye widen . ray . he will come ' . flash CUT i5 the man and the field 1 5 the dream image flare in again , this time closer to the man . he stand in the middle distance , silhouett by the light , and we see he be wear a uniform of some kind . he start to turn slowly towards we , but before we can see he face , the image disappear . 10 16 close on ray 16 Ray 's mouth open . he half - laugh , as if to say " this can not be . " but whatever be in he mind will not go away . ray .he will come . flash CUT 17 the man 17 now we see he in head - and -shoulder . he have the muscular neck of a athlete . as he slowly turn we start to see a bit of he weathered face before the image flare out . 18 ray 18 wheel be turn inside he head . he be try to figure all this out . in the distance , a bell be ringing . he look o.s. 19 ext . house - dusk 19 Annie be on the veranda ringing the dinner bell hang by the front door . annie yo , Ray ! food ! 20 her point of view - the field 20 we see Ray emerge slowly from the field , the twilit sky change color behind he . 21 the veranda 21 Annie lean against a post , lazily watch Ray approach . she like how he move , and how he look . annie hiya , cutie . Ray climb up the step , accept she kiss , and instead of follow she into the house , pull she down with he onto the swing . he take -her hand and look into she eye . ray Annie ... continued 11 21 continued 21 annie ( playing along ) Ray ... ray you be not go to believe this ... annie you hear the voice again . ray wait , this get better , I just see a vision . annie get out of here ! ray I swear to God . a actual vision . annie we be go to have to burn you at the stake if this keep up . ray I know . CUT to 22 int . house - night 22 the family be eat dinner . Ray seem lostin think . annie hey , you do not suppose this could be like a acid flashback , do you ? ray I never take acid . annie maybe you will someday , and it 's a flash forward . ray Annie , there 's more . annie you be subscribe to the Enquirer . ray I think I know what ' if you build it , he will come ' mean . continued 12 22 continued 22 annie oooh , why do I not think this be a good thing ? ray I think it mean if I build a baseball field out there , shoeless Joe Jackson will get to come back and play ball again . annie you be kid . ray uh uh . she whistle . this be serious . ray yeah . CUT to 23 int . karin' bedroom - night 23 Ray and Annie be put little karin to bed . annie Boy , I think my family be crazy , but this ... this be the craziest thing I have ever hear . ray I know . it 's totally nut . annie I mean , shoeless Joe , he 's ... ray ( nods ) die in ' 51 . annie and he 's the one they suspend , right ? - ay right . annie he still dead ? ray Far as I know . CUT to 13 24 int .' bathroom - night 24 Ray and Annie in they pajamas , brush they tooth , get ready for bed . annie you know what amaze I ? no one could ever get you to believe in astrology , or esp , or reincarnation , or heaven , or any of that stuff . but this ... I think this show real personal growth , Ray . ray thank you . Annie smile , but see that Ray be troubled . she hug he . annie oh , sweetie . I hope you know that even though I make joke , I be go to visit you every month wherever they put you . he offer she a weak smile and exit . CUT to 25 int . ray and 'annie' bedroom - night it be dark . for a few second it be quiet . then : ray do you know Babe Ruth copy he swing ? annie if I do , I would forget it . Ray sit up in the dark . ray I always feel cheat I never get to see he play . he be suppose to be so graceful , and agile . so to actually get to see he play again ... to let he play again , to right a old wrong ... he shake he head in wonder just to think of it . Annie turn on the light . annie wait a minute , bosco . be you actually think of do this ? continued 14 25 continued 25 ray no . ( then ) I mean , I can not think of one good reason why I should , - but ... ( take a breath ) I be thirty - eight year old , I have a wife , a child , and a mortgage , and I be scared to death I be turn into my father . annie what 's you father get to do with this ? Ray try to picture he father in he mind . he speak softly , but the word obviously have a great deal of meaning for he . ray I never forgive he for get old . by the time he 'was as old as I be now , he be ancient . he must have have dream , but he never do anything about they . for all I know , he may have even hear voice , too , but he sure do not listen to they . the man never do one spontaneous thing in all the year I know he . Annie , I be scared that that 's what grow up mean . I be afraid of that happen to I . and something tell I this may be my last chance to do something about it . ( look at she ) I want to build that field . do you think I be crazy ? she look at he with great understanding . annie yes . he smile wanly . she touch he face lovingly . annie I also think that if you feel you really have to do this ... then you should do it . they hold each other 's gaze , and Ray can not remember when he have love she so much . he take she in he arm . outside they window , the field of corn lie wait . CUT to 15 26 the cornfield - day 26 stalk of corn wave slowly in the breeze . a bee buzze near one . the light be yellow . suddenly , the stalk bend violently to the ground as Ray 's tractor plow they under . 27 on the tractor 27 Ray drive , karin ride shotgun , hold the large detailed diagram Ray have draw of the ballpark 's dimension . ray ty cobb call he the great leave fielder of all time . his glove be call ' the place where triple go to die . ' 28 high angle 28 the tractor turn to plow under more corn , and we can see the size of the area Ray have stake off with marker stick . karin ( v.0 . ) could he hit ? ray ( v.o. ) Lifetime 356 average . third high in history . karin whistle . 29 another angle 29 by the side of the road , a old man and woman stand and watch this neighbor - plow under they . corn . they look at each other as if to say " could it be Communists ? " karin ( v.0 . ) why would they call he shoeless Joe ? 30 seeding the field - day 30 it be day later , a area the size of a baseball field have be plow under , and Ray be seed it . ray ( v.o. ) when he be still in the minor , he buy a new pair of spike and they hurt he foot . about the sixth inning he take they off and play the outfield in just he sock . the other player kidd he , call he shoeless Joe , and the name stick . 16 31 watering the grass - night - 31 we can see roughly where the grass have be plant , and where the dirt will be smoothe out for the base path . Ray stand stock -still in the moonlight , water hose in hand , patiently mist the baby grass , little karin at he side . ray ( v.0 . ) then in 1919 , he team , the Chicago White Sox , throw the World Series . karin ( v.0 . ) what 's ' throw ' ? ray ( v.0 . ) they lose it on purpose . gambler pay they to . 32 side of the road 32 now , dozen of family stand to watch silent and dumb-ey , at what have obviously become a daily spectacle among the townspeople . some snap photo . ray ( v.0 . ) except shoeless Joe . 33 smoothing out the field - day Ray smooth out the base path with a large roller , as Annie and karin follow behind with rake . on either side of the base path , the infield and outfield grass be grow . ray ( v.0 . ) nobody could prove anything one way or another , but he be the one guy who probably be not in on it . 34 int . hardware store - day 34 Ray , Annie and karin wait as the cashier total up they load of lumber and hardware . ray I mean if he be suppose to be throw it , how do you explain the fact he hit 375 for the series and do not commit one error ? huh ? karin I can not . continued 17 34 continued 34 , ray twelve hit , include the series ' only home run . and they say he be try to lose ! karin it 's ridiculous . cashier that 's 855 dollar , sixty - four cent . from o.s. , we hear oooh . Ray turn and notice for the first time that a crowd of spectator -- employee and customer -- have be watch he and whisper among themselves . they look at he as if he have two head . Ray turn he attention back to write a check for he purchase . he deadpan to Annie : ray we would better notify Mars to send we more money . annie ( equally deadpan ) remlak will not like that . ray that 's he problem . and tell he to make it in Earth dollar this time . Ray hand over the check to the open-mouthed cashier . ray thank you . have a nice day . Ray and Annie turn and leave with karin . the farmer watch , obviously try hard to figure this one out . CUT to 35 build the outfield wall - day 35 Ray hammer the brace that will support the outfield wall . karin hand he nail from a bag she wear around she neck . ray ( v.o. ) there 's a famous story about when he come out of the courtroom , a kid run up to he , tug he sleeve and say ' say it be not so , Joe . ' and Jackson look down t he and say ' I be afraid it be , kid . ' continued 18 35 continued 35 karin then what happen ? 36 build the bleacher 36 Annie help Ray lift a board to what will be the top row . ray the commissioner of Baseball suspend eight of the player -- include the great shoeless Joe Jackson -- for life . karin what 's suspend ? ray they never let he play the game again . they continue to work in silence . CUT to 37 int . sporting good store I 7 Ray write a check for he purchase : bat , ball , basis pitcher 's rubber , home plate , etc . he appear slightly annoyed that once again , he be be stare at by all the uniform employee of the store . he turn to catch the store owner stare at he the most intently . ray what . what ! store owner you be the fella that plow under you corn and build a baseball diamond , right ? ray yeah . what about it ? store owner ( shake he hand ) greatest damn thing I ever hear . the other employee beam they agreement . ray at this price , I be not surprised . continued 19 37 continued he wheel he shopping cart of sport goods out through a gauntlet of approve salesmen . they smile and pat he on the back . Ray can not decide if they be crazier than he be . ray thank you ... thank you ... CUT to 38 the light standard - night 38 atop the aluminum - paint pole , a array of store - buy floodlight switch on , flaring against the blue- black sky . in this sharp white light the grass glow parrot green , cool as mint , soft as a cashmere blanket . Annie and karin watch as Ray put down the clean white basis , which pick up the light like little moon on a cold , clear night . ray my father say he see he year later play under a make - up name in some tenth - rate league in Carolina . he would put on fifty pound , and the spring be go from he step , but he could still hit . dad use to say no one could hit like shoeless Joe . Ray be smile wistfully . annie that 's the first time I have ever see you smile as you mention you father . Ray consider that . karin how come ? annie come on , you . bed time . Annie hoist karin on she shoulder with a grunt , and the three climb they way down the bleacher . Ray 's hand steady Annie as she take one of the step . ray careful ... moonl ight butter the Iowa night . they walk along the side of the field , and Ray stop . he look at the field . continued 20 38 continued 38 ray I have just create something totally illogical . annie that 's what I like about it . ray be I completely nut ? annie not completely . she look out over the baseball field . annie it 's a good baseball field , Ray . ray it be kinda pretty , be not it ? Annie smile at he and carry karin inside . Ray step onto the porch and flick the switch shutting off the floodlight over the field . CUT to 39 ray and anniee bedroom - night 39 Annie open she eye and see Ray not beside she in bed , but in th window seat , look out at the empty field . barely awake , she get out of bed , shuffles to he side and curl up against he . annie any sign ? ray something 's go to happen out there . I can feel it . Annie lower she head against he chest and go back to sleep . outside , the tree be fully leaf . dissolve to 40 ray' baseball field - october 40 the tree be almost bare now , and there 's a Halloween pumpkin in the front window of the house . the cornstalk continued 21 40 continued 40 , rustle like crumpling paper in the indian -summer breeze which blow fall leave across the empty baseball field while Ray sit in the stand ... wait . dissolve to 41 the baseball field - late december 41 it be cover with snow . 42 int . ray and anniee house 42 Ray look forlornly out the live room window towards he snow - cover baseball field , the merrily blink light of the Christmas tree behind he bely he true mood . dissolve to 43 springtime - day a baby robin try to pull a worm out of the around . Inside the house , Annie be do spring clean . she look out the window to see : 44 the baseball field Ray mow the outfield grass . he stop , look around , listen , hear nothing , and continue mow . 45 annie 45 just watch he . CUT to 46 tv screen 46 we see the first exhibition game of spring training from Florida , as the announcer talk about a " southpaw " pitcher . 47 int . ray and anniee live room - night 47 Little karin watch the tv , while Annie and Ray sit at the live room table , financial ledger spread out before they as they struggle with they account . karin daddy , what 's a southpaw ? continued 22 47 continued 47 ray a left-handed pitcher . ( to annie ) how bad be it ? annie well , give how much less acreage we have for corn , I would say we will probably .almost break even . ray Jesus . annie we have spend all we savings on that field . karin ( o.s. ) daddy .. ray just a minute , karin . ( to annie ) so what be you say ? we can not keep the field ? annie ( sadly ) it make it real hard to keep the farm , Ray . Ray close he eye . karin ( o.s. ) daddy ... ray ( a little testy ) in a minute , karin . karin ( o.s. ) there 's a man out there on you lawn . Ray open he eye and turn to see karin kneel on the kitchen counter , look out the window . Ray and Annie exchange a quick glance , and Ray walk to the window . 48 ext . the window 48 see from outside , as Ray 's head appear and look out . he see something out there and just look at it . 23 49 ray' point of view 49 there be a man stand on the edge ofthebaseballfield . hi es wear a baseball uniform . anold-fashionedone . 50 int house 50 Ray turn to Annie . she look out and nod thoughtfully . Annie stay very calm in emergency . annie we will put up some coffee . you go ahead . Ray take a breath and step out onto the veranda . the night sky seem close enough to touch . 51 ext . house 51 on the porch wall , Ray find the switch , hold he breath , flick it and the floodlight sputter to life . 52 the man 52 step onto the field . on he uniform be a large " S " with a " o " in the top crook , a " X " in the bottom , and a american flag with forty - eight star on he leave sleeve . 53 ray 53 walk through the swirl ground mist toward the field . 54 ray' point of view 54 move closer to the field we see the man stand out in leave field . foot spread wide , body bent forward from the waist , hand on hip , he wait . 55 ray 55 Ray 's mouth be dry . he reach home plate and pick up one of the bat lie beside the pail of hard ball . the back of he neck tingles . then , he pick up one of the ball . 56 in the outfield 56 the man spread he foot , pound he small , old - style glove , and wait to field the ball . 24 57 at home plate 57 Ray toss the ball a few foot into the air and swing at it . and miss . his face redden , he clear he throat , and try again . this time he connect . 58 the field 58 he have hit a grounder that would be easily field by a shortstop have there be one , but it bounce through and fall into leave field . the man run in for it , scoops it up cleanly and throw it back to the plate . Ray be thrilled . he hit another ground ball , and this too , be field cleanly . then another , which the man deftly short -hop . Ray holler out to he . ray how 's the field play ? the man it 's good . the ball bounce true . Ray smile with pride . he toss up another ball , give it he best swing , and be thrilled to see he have actually loft one into the air . but into center field . the man sprint across the outfield , and make a lovely catch in short center . instead of throw the ball in , the man run it in , lope toward home plate . Ray 's heart thump . ray hi. the man nod at he , take the bat , and test it to feel its weight . ray Ray kinsella . the man Joe Jackson . Ray be thrilled to hear the word speak . it be shoeless Joe Jackson after all , who stand not five foot away from he , try out all the bat now . Ray be not quite sure if he should talk , or ask question , or just stand there . finally , he can not help himself . ray I bet its good to be play again , huh ? shoeless joe it be like have part of I amputate . continued 25 58 continued Joe look over at Ray , now , he dark eye evince the pain he steady voice try to conceal . shoeless joe I have hear that old man wake up and scratch itchy leg that have be dust for fifty year . that be I . I would wake up in the night with the smell of the ballpark in my nose and the cool of the grass on my foot . the thrill of the grass ... he have find the bat he like . shoeless joe can you pitch ? ray ( with false modesty ) yeah , I be not bad . Joe hand Ray the bucket of ball . Ray can barely contain he excitement as he race to the mound . he stand on the rubber and face Joe at the plate . ray do not we need a catcher ? shoeless joe not if you can get it near the plate , we do not . Ray smile , take a breath and start he windup , during which he say aloud to himself : ray I be pitching to shoeless Joe Jackson . he make a pitch . it 's not a very good one , and Joe have to step across the plate to make contact , but he swing be graceful , compact and effortlessly powerful . he drive the ball against the fence . Ray watch it with wonder and when he turn back , Jackson be gesture with the bat for he to make the next pitch . Ray make the standard pitcher 's gesture for a curve ball . ray see if you can hit my curve . ° he go into a elaborate windup , throw it , it do not curve much , and Jackson whistle it right by Ray 's ear . continued 26 58 continued ( 2 ) 58 ray yes , he can hit the curve . shoeless joe stick with fast ball , kid . ray you bet . Ray make another pitch , and Jackson hit a line drive down the third base line . then a smoker down the first base line . Ray be mightily impressed . ray wow . shoeless joe damn , this feel good . put it right here , huh ? Joe hold the bat out low over the plate and Ray pitch it reasonably close to that spot . Jackson hit it out of the park , and beam . Ray brighten up with remembrance . ray right , you be a low ball hitter . shoeless joe oh man , I do love this game . you know , I would have play for food money . it be the game , the sound , the smell . you ever hold a glove or a ball to you face ? Ray smile as he walk in from the mound . ray yeah . shoeless joe and it be riding the train from town to town . and the hotel with brass spittoon in the lobby and brass bed in the room . and it be the crowd get to they foot when the ball be hit deep . shoot , I would have play for free . the sound of a screen door turn they . attention to the house . Annie and karin be come out to they . ray my family . Jackson nod and then point to the floodlight . continued 27 58 continued ( 3 ) 58 shoeless joe what 's with the light ? ray " all the stadium have they now except wrigley field . shoeless joe make it harder to see the ball . ray the owner find that more people could attend night game . shoeless joe ( shake head ) owner ... by now , Annie and karin have join they . ray Mr. Jackson : my wife Annie , my daughter karin . shoeless joe joe. ma be ... ( shake annie be hand and wink at karin ) hi. karin be you a ghost ? Ray and Annie be instantly embarrassed , and try to cover with force , nervous laughter . ray karin ... ( to shoeless Joe ) she 's just kid . shoeless joe it 's okay . ( to karin ) what do you think ? karin - you look real to I . shoeless joe then I guess I be real . annie would you like to come inside ' ? continued 28 58 continued ( 4 ) 58 shoeless joe uh , thanks , but ... I do not think I can . Ray and Annie look at Joe for a moment , not quite understanding the ground rule here . Joe sense they discomfort and change the subject . shoeless joe hey , can I come back again ? ray yeah . I build this for you . shoeless joe there be other , you know . there be eight of we . it would sure mean a lot to they . ray oh man , anytime . they be all welcome here . Joe look out over the field in eager anticipation of the good time to come . shoeless joe thank you , Ray . I appreciate it . see you later , huh ? ray yeah . see you later . karin say it be not so , Joe ! Joe laugh and walk to the outfield . Annie put she arm around Ray and snuggle she head against he chest . nearby , brook water splashes softly in the darkness , a frog shrill , and firefly dazzle the night . Joe be in the outfield grass now , walk toward a door cut into the fence . annie where 's he go ? ray ( smiling ) through that door in the fence . annie since when be there a door in the fence ? continued 29 58 continued ray ( smiling even more broadly ) I do not know . I do not put one there . Joe reach the door , open it , and turn back to Ray , he voice carry effortlessly through the night air . shoeless joe hey ! be this heaven ? ray no . it 's Iowa . shoeless Joe Jackson nod and fade away as he walk through the door in the fence . Ray and Annie look at each other in absolute wonder . ray we be keep this field . annie you bet you ass we be . CUT to 59 int . ray and anniee live room - day 9 MARK you be go to lose you farm , pal . it be Sunday afternoon , and Annie 's family be visit . she mother , pink - face and white - denture , sit ramrod straight in a antique rock chair . also present be she brother , Mark , and he wife Dee . ray come on , it 's so big . how can you lose something so big ? annie you misplace the house once . ray yeah , but it turn up two day later , do not it ? MARK Ray , this stupid baseball field be go to bankrupt you . everybody know it . all I be say be if you wait till you default on you loan , you lose everything . sell now , my partner ' will ( more ) continued 30 59 continued 59 MARK ( cont 'd ) give you a more than a fair price and you walk away with a nest egg . ray thanks , Mark , but no . MARK what be you hold on to this place for ? you have never even like Iowa . you do not like farming , you do not know the first thing about it --- ray hey ; I know a lot more about farming than you think . MARK how could you plow under you major crop ? ray ( to annie ) what 's a crop ? karin enter breathlessly . karin daddy , the baseball game be on . Ray beam . karin return the smile and reach she arm out to be pick up . she scissors she leg around she father at belt level , hugging he neck . ray Excuse we . he exit , carry karin . Mark shake he head . MARK I do not believe this guy . I be try to bail he out and he go off to watch television . Annie stifles a laugh . MARK he use to be so normal . mother do he beat you ? annie what ??? continued 31 59 continued ( 2 ) 59 MARK he 's drink , right ? annie he do not drink , and he do not beat I , okay ? now I will grant you , he have get I to worship Satan with he , but just a little . her mother gasp . annie kidding ... I be kid ! her family have no sense of humor about this whatsoever . annie I think we need more cheese . she go into the kitchen , and when she have round the corner , she raise she eye to heaven and mutter : annie families . 60 the field 6 0 karin and Ray sit on the bleacher , eat peanut while shoeless Joe and he seven teammate practice . ( Three , include shoeless Joe , be in the outfield , two more in the infield , one pitch , one catch , and one bat . ) the man be all in they twenty or thirty , but show the sheer enjoyment of return after a absence of sixty - five year to the game they love . Ray direct karin 's attention to the leave fielder . ray watch Joe . watch he foot as the pitcher get the sign and start to pitch . a good leave fielder know what pitch be come , and he can tell from the. angle of the bat where the ball 's go to be hit . at the sharp crack of the bat shoeless Joe whirl , take five lope stride toward the fence , turn again ' , reach up , and the ball smack into he glove . karin cheer . one of the player good - naturedly boo . happy felsch showoff ! continued 32 60 continued 60 buck weaver aw , stick it in you ear , felsch . eddie cicotte yeah , if you would run like that against Detroit I 'da win twenty game that year . happy felsch oh for Pete 's sake , that be sixty - five year ago ! give it up , will ya ... swede risberg hey. , you guy wanna play ball , or what ? happy felsch . you muscle - bound jerk . eddie cicotte oh yeah ? at least I get muscle . happy felsch no . at most you get muscle . buck weaver come on , asshole , pitch ! the good - nature banter stop short , and the other player glare at weaver who look sheepishly toward the little girl and she father in the bleacher . buck weaver sorry , kid . karin it 's okay ! player all right , ' karin ! the player resume they practice and ribbing . 61 ext . house 61 Annie emerge with -her mother , Mark and Dee , walk toward the bleacher where karin and Ray be still watch the spirite practice . annie Ray ? Mom 's leave . ray oh. well , it be ... you know , thanks for come . continued 33 61 continued 61 MARK think about what I say . I just want to help . ray I know . Mark just stand there for a moment , the only sound come from the player on the , field . MARK I think you two be go to watch some game . ray oh , I guess it 's not really a game . it 's more like a practice . Mark look at he wife and mother with concern . Ray do not understand this reaction . ray see , there 's only eight of they , so they can not play a real game ... MARK eight of what ? Ray point to the noisy player on the field . ray they . now , mother and Dee look as if they be about to go into mourn . Mark kneel next to karin . MARK karin honey ... what be you watch ? karin the baseball man . MARK do you see any baseball man right now ? karin ( slightly annoyed ) of course I do . Mark stand up and shoot Ray a accuse look . Annie 's mother start to walk away . continued 34 61 continued ( 2 ) 61 mother I do not think it 's very polite to try to make other people feel stupid . Annie question Mark and Dee as they pass she on the way to catch up with mother . annie you do not see it ? dee that 's not funny , Annie . her family leave in a huff . annie they could not see it . ray interesting . he and Annie sit beside karin and watch the player . each slowly start to smile . CUT to 62 on the field - later 62 the practice be over , the player be perspire and exhilated . Ray be over at first base talk with swede risberg , the shortstop . swede risberg here , look at this . sixty - five year since I wear this uniform , still fit I like a glove . ray you must keep in pretty good shape . swede risberg ( nods ) I die in ' 75 . so I be not have a cigarette in , what , thirteen year . you do not smoke , do you ? ray no . shoeless joe ( approaching ) felt good out there today , huh , guy ? continued 35 62 continued 62 buck weaver fuckin ' a! player weaver ! Buck realize that once again he have curse in front of karin . weaver oh shit . I mean , sorry . I be sorry . Annie call from the house . annie Ray ! dinner ! some of the player ( falsetto ) ra--ay ! dinner ! they all laugh . Ray clearly love be part of this locker room - style comradery . karin run to the house . shoeless joe come on , fella . let 's hit the shower . ( to ray ) see you later , Ray . ray right . see you guy . the player call they " good - by " to Ray and head for the door in the outfield fence . Ray watch they fade out as they go through the door . then he take a moment to look around he . the baseball diamond set in the cornfield be quite beautiful . Ray take a satisfied breath , and walk back toward he house . he be the very picture of contentment . then he hear the Voice . the voice ' ease he pain . ' Ray stop short . ray what ? no response . continued 36 62 continued ( 2 ) 62 ray I be sorry . I do not understand . the voice ' ease he pain . ' Ray stop short . ray what ? no response . ray I be sorry . I do not understand . the voice ' ease he pain . ' ray whose pain ? what pain ? no response . ray why I ? but there be no response . 63 int . house 63 Ray enter as Annie and karin be put dinner on the table . Ray plop - into he chair at the head of the table . annie come on , wash up . we have get a pta meeting after dinner . they be talk about ban book again . really subversive book like , wizard of Oz , Diary of Anne Frank --- she notice Ray be strangely silent . annie what happen to you ? pay the Voice be back . annie oh Lord , you do not have to build a football field now , do you ? continued 37 63 continued " 63 ray ( shake head no ) he say ...' ease he pain . ' annie ease whose pain ? ray I ask he . he would not tell I . annie shoeless Joe 's ? ray I do not think so . annie one of the other player ? ray I do not think so . annie this be a very non-specific voice you have get out there , Ray , and he 's really start to piss I off . Ray nod as Annie serve the meal in silence . CUT to 64 ext . iowa CITY public school build - night 64 Parents stream in past the " pta meeting tonite " sign . Ray and Annie stand by the doorway , talk with miss corser , karin 's teacher . ( Ray be too distract by he own thought to pay this much attention . ) miss corser karin have such a wonderful imagination . lately , she 's be make up this charming little storey about ghost who play baseball in a cornfield ... wonderful imagination . annie ( with a mysterious smile ) yes . she get that from Ray . miss corser smile approvingly . Ray realize both woman be look at he , now , and he emerge from he thought . continued 38 64 continued 64 ray hmm ? Annie lead Ray inside . 65 int . school library - night 65 Ray and Annie -- along with a hundred or so other grownup -- be sit in chair too small for they grownup backside . Ray be still lose in he own thought , doodling " ease he pain " over and over again , while a irate mother have the floor , hold up a novel . irate mother .and I say smut and filth like this have no place in we school ! a large portion of the audience applaud . Annie whisper snarlingly to Ray : annie fascist . I would like to ease she pain . Ray be still lose in think . principal Mrs. Perkins , the book you be wave about be hardly smut . it be consider by many critic as the classic novel about grow up in the 1960s . annie ( whisper to Ray ) I read it four time . funniest book I ever read . irate mother it 's pornography ! principal the Supreme Court say its not . and its author , Mr. Mann --- angry father -- be sick ! principal terence Mann be a pulitzer prize-winner , and be widely regard as the finest satirist of he time . irate mother well I think he 's a pervert , and quite probably a Communist , too ! continued 39 65 continued 65 the crowd murmur its assent . annie ( to ray ) what planet be this people from ? Ray look as if he be start to realize something . another parent ( reading from note ) the se-call novel of terence Mann endorse promiscuity , godlessness , the mongrelization of race , and disrespect to high -ranking officer of the United States Army . and that 's why right - think school board all across the country have be ban this guy 's shit since 1969 . ray ( to himself ) terence Mann ... irate mother you know why he stop write book ? because he masturbate ! annie ( to ray ) I can not take this anymore . ray ( very interested ) , terence Mann ... Annie stand and smile disarmingly . annie ( very reasonably ) Excuse I , madam , but you be speak of something about which you do not know squat . terence Mann be a warm and gentle voice of . reason during a time of great madness . he coin the phrase ' make Love , not War . ' when other be chant ' burn , baby , burn , ' he be write about love , and peace , and understanding . he help define a era . and a generation . and he help we laugh at ourselves . I cherish every one of he book , and I dearly wish he would write more . and if you have experience even a little bit of the sixty , you might feel the same way , too . continued 40 65 continued ( 2 ) irate mother I experience the sixty . annie no . I think you have two fifty , and move right on to the seventy . irate mother oh yeah ? well you husband plow under he corn and build a baseball field ! the crowd " ooh " and " aah . " annie now there 's a intelligent response . irate mother the weirdo . Ray be so excited at he revelation that he really want to leave immediately . he tug Annie 's sleeve . ray Annie ... but Annie mistake she husband 's intention . she think he be caution she not to get embroil in trouble . annie ( to ray ) it 's okay , I will be cool . ( aloud , to the parent ) at least he 's not a book burner , you Nazi cow ! now the crowd erupt . irate parent you be both a bunch of weirdo ! Annie pull herself up to she full 5 ' 4 " and thrust a angry finger at . the woman . annie all right beulah , you wanna step outside ?!? huh ? the other woman take a half - step backward . no one have ever see sweet Annie like this . annie I get a better idea . let 's put it to a vote . come on ! who 's for Eva braun ( more ) continued 41 65 continued ( 3 ) annie ( cont 'd ) here ? who want to burn book ? who want to piss on the constitution of the United sate ? anybody ? the majority who have sided with the book - banner want to vote for censorship , but under this term just can not raise they arm . Little Annie be on a roll , now . annie all right . now : who 's for the Bill of rights ? come on ... who think freedom 's a pretty good thing ? let 's see that hand . some people start raise they hand . annie who think we have to stand up to the kind of censorship they have in Russia ? reluctantly , just about everyone raise they hand . Annie be thrilled . annie there you go . all right , America ! I be proud of you . I mean it . you be beautiful ! ray ( rising ) Annie , we gotta go . annie ( to the crowd ) we gotta go . Ray pull she from the room . each be proud as hell , each for a different reason . 66 ext . school - night 66 as they burst out , bubbling over with they enthusiasm . annie oh Ray , be that great , or what ? it be like the sixty again . ray I figure it out . annie ( reliving it ) ' step outside , you Nazi cow . ' ha-ha ! continued 42 66 - - continued 66 ray I know whose pain I be suppose to ease . annie ( stopping short ) what ? ray I know whose pain I be suppose to ease . annie Ray , I just halt the spread of neo-facism in America , and you be talk about --- ray terence Mann . annie what about he ? ray that 's whose pain . annie how do you know that ? ray I do not know . I just know . I be right about building the field , be not I ? annie what 's he pain ? ray I do not know . annie then how be you suppose to ease it ? ray I do not know . none of this question have dampen Ray 's pride and excitement . Annie shake she head . annie Ray ... ray Annie . continued 43 66 continued ( 2 ) 66 annie ( try to put this gently ) he 's my favorite writer too , but ... what 's terence Mann get to do with baseball ? Ray 's smile freeze . then disappear . he have not a clue . CUT to 67 int . university of iowa library - day 67 a montage of Ray at the library : check index , read old magazine , find newspaper interview on microfilm , 's cour old anthology , and take copious note . some of the article include : " where be terence Mann now that we really need him ? " . . " 20 rumor about America 's greatest live ex -writer " ... and , " terence Mann : still ignoring we after all this year " . the photograph show Mann to be a large black man with gentle eye . ray ( v.o. ) Annie , it 's incredible . 68 ext . library 6 8 Ray and Annie run down the step to the street for they car , Ray 's word racing as fast as he foot . ray by the early seventy , the guy decide people have become either too extremist or too apathetic to listen to he . so he stop write book . he start write poetry . about whale and stuff . then , he start fool around with a home computer , and get hook . know what he do now ? Annie shake she head no . ray he write software for interactive child 's video . they teach kid how to resolve conflict peacefully . what a amazing guy .. annie right . so what 's it get to do with baseball ? continued 44 68 continued 68 ray in the April 1962 issue of jet Magazine , there 's a story of he call ' this be not a pipe . ' Annie laugh at that . Ray be so excited , he laugh too . ray it 's not he best work , but the hero of the story , a character that Mann create twenty - six year ago , be name John kinsella . my father . she stop short . annie - wow . he give she a " see ? what would I tell you ? " look . annie what can I say ... Big wow , but .. what 's it get to do with baseball ? they be stand by they car . ray you drive . 69 int . car 69 Annie drive as Ray excitedly consult he note . ray okay . the last interview - he ever give be in 1973 . guess what it 's about . annie mmm . some kind of team sport ? ray Annie , he be a baseball fanatic ! listen to this : he find a page and read from it : ray ' as a child , my earliest recur dream be to play at ebbet field with Jackie Robinson and the Brooklyn dodger . of course , it never happen , and the dodger leave Brooklyn , and they tear down ebbet field . but even now , I still dream that dream . ' continued 45 69 continued 69 annie that 's sad ... 70 ext . ray and anniee house - day 70 they have arrive home and be walk into the house . he be still spout thing to she he research have uncover . ray the man write the best book of he generation , he be a pioneer in the civil rights and anti-war movement , he make the cover of Newsweek , he know everybody , he do everyting ... he help shape he time . he hang out with the Beatles ! but in the end , it be not enough . what he miss ... be ' baseball . Annie take a look at Ray 's handful of xerox . annie oh my God ! ray what . annie ( spookily ) as a small boy , he have a bat name ' rosebud . ' Ray disapprovingly grab the xerox back . from she . annie sorry . ray ( continue reading ) he have not be to a live baseball game since 1958 . annie so to ease he pain , you have to take he to a ball game ? ray yes . 71 int . house 71 as they enter and put away they thing . continued 46 71 continued 71 annie Ray , this be nuttier than building the field . ray no it 's not . it 's pretty weird , I grant you , but building the field be weirder . five , ten percent weirder . annie I be sorry , pal , but I have to nip this one in the bud . we be have moderate to heavy financial difficulty here . you can not take off for Boston while you be go break in Iowa . ray Annie , this be really new territory for both of we , I know , but we be deal with primal force of nature , here . when primal force of nature tell you to do something , the prudent thing be not to quibble over detail and --- annie ( start to get pissed ) but why do you have to go ? why can not the voice send someone else ? what 's wrong with shirley maclaine , she too busy ? what do this have to do with you ??? Ray hear she anger and sit she down . ray that 's what I need to find out . annie Ray , we be behind on the mortgage . that field eat up we savings . we could lose the farm . ray I will not even stay in motel . I will sleep in the car , and I will beg for food . annie no . this be too much .- I understand you need to prove to the world you be not turn into you father , but you have do it ! you believe in the magic , and it come true . be not that enough ? continued 47 71 continued ( 2 ) 71 ray Annie , it 's more than that . I know this - be nut , but there 's another reason I be suppose to do it . I feel it . I feel it as strongly as I have ever feel anything in my life . there 's a reason . annie what . just tell I what it be . ray I think something 's go to happen at the game . I do not know what , but ... there 's something at Fenway Park in Boston , and I have to be there with terence Mann to find it . something he just say change Annie 's mood . annie Fenway Park ... be that the one with the big green wall in leave field ? ray yeah . annie I dreamt last night you be at Fenway . ray uh , be I sit on the first base side ? annie yes ... ray about the fifth row ? annie ( nod , open-mouthed ) you be keep score and eat ray -- a hot dog . I have the same dream . annie I will help you pack . CUT to 48 72 int . bedroom 72 - Ray be throw clothes into a suitcase as fast as he can . Annie read from a road map she have mark for he . annie . you take that to 93 , and then it get all squiggly , and after that you be on you own . how be you go to find he , anyway ? he will not exactly be in the phone book , you know . ray the article say he have a storefront on Harvard Street next to some place that sell kosher food . should not be too hard to find . I do not need a tie , do I ? annie no , dear . not for a kidnap . 73 ext . house 73 Ray have pack the car and be get ready to leave . ray you will be okay , right ? annie I will try to sell the combine . we sure do not need it anymore . karin run up , grab Ray behind each ear and hug and kiss he . ray so long Tiger . he get into the car and look up at Annie . ray I will call you every night . if the team show up while I be go , just tell they ... ( shake he head ) on second think , stay away from they . that guy have not be near a woman since 1922 . annie Ray , they be not go to make a pass at I . they be 'ghost . ray they be jock . keep away from they . continued 49 7 3 continued 73 she laugh , kiss he , and watch he drive off . CUT to 74 on the road 74 Ray 's brave little datsun chug along the interstate between eighteen - wheeler , buss , gasoline tanker , auto-transport truck , and other monster . 75 traveling montage 75 driving ... gas station ... boring roadside restaurant ... get lose ... look at the map ... sign that announce the " enter " and " leave " of various state ... day turn to night and back again ... . finally , the green hill of Massachusetts . CUT to 76 boston - day 76 he emerge from a tunnel and enter traffic , the like of which he have not see in a very long time . on one side of the expressway there be sweaty factory , and on the other , old wood - frame apartment building with advertising for long - forget product paint on the side . lunatic driver abound . we be not in Iowa anymore . 77 int .- ray' car 77 he rehearse as he drive . ray hi , I be Ray kinsella . I be really a big fan of ... ( different ) how do you , Mr. Mann , I have to take you to a baseball game . ( shake head ) all right , put you hand up and get in the trunk ! ( facetiously ) good . 78 harvard STREET - brookline - day 78 Ray drive slowly , look for a store that sell kosher food . but in this old newish neighborhood , there be dozen : butcher shop , deli , bakery , grocery . 50 79 - int . kosher butcher shop 79 Ray be ask the spritely jewish Butcher for direction . ray he life right around here . do you know he ? I be a friend of he . the Butcher just stare back , with suspicion . ray he 's sort of a tall , black man . butcher if you be much of a friend , he would of give you the direction himself . Ray nod . he know this be useless . ray that 's a good point . thank you . Ray exit . CUT to 80 on the STREET 80 Ray have stop a ancient jewish woman on the street . she look from Ray 's Iowa license plate to Ray 's face . ancient woman I do not know where he life . but by she raise eyebrow and the tone of she voice , it be clear that if she do know -- which she probably do -- she certainly would not tell he . CUT to 81 gas station 81 Ray have pull he car to the edge of the gas station -- he be not buy gas -- and slip a five dollar bill to the ruddy - face , teenage irish Pump jockey . pump jockey two block down . right hand side . first store that do not have a chicken in the window , be he . CUT to 51 82 ext . harvard STREET - day 82 in between a deli and a kosher butcher shop , Ray find a storefront with black - out window . he enter a open hallway in which he see the door to the storefront , as well as stair to the apartment above it . there be half - a- dozen mail box on the wall . Ray check the name . he smile . 83 insert - mailboxe 83 all but one have immigrant name . the first one read : # 1 : tie -dyed software . 84 ray 84 Ray turn to the storefront door . instead of a buzzer there be a long wire with a weight on its end hang from a hole at the top of the door . next to the wire be a handwritten note tape to the door , which read : " you better have a goddamn good reason for ringing this bell . " Ray laugh . this guy be great . he pull on the wire . on the other side of the door , a bell ring . Ray have to struggle to control he nervousness . he take a breath . he hear footstep inside , approach the door . he can not help but smile with delight at the think of meeting one of he cultural heroes . the door open . terence Mann be menacingly huge . he glare at Ray and roar : mann who the fuck be you ???- Ray be momentarily take aback , but he figure maybe the guy be joke , so he just smile and plunge ahead . ray Sir , my name be Ray kinsella , and it 's a great pleasure ' co finally --- the door slam in he face . it take Ray a few second to realize the interview be over . he ring the bell again . the door open . mannt large frame fill it . mann we get a learn disability here ? continued 52 84 continued 84 ray ( talk fast ) Mr. Mann , I have come 1500 mile to see you at the risk of lose my home and alienate my wife . if I could just have a minute . please . mann look . I can not tell you the secret of life , and I do not have any answer for you . I do not give interview , I be no longer a public figure , I just want to be leave alone . so fuck off . ray just one minute . I be begging you . Mann look he over . then he sigh . mann one minute . Mann turn and enter the storefront . Ray follow . 85 int . mann' storefront it be hardly fashionable , but it 's roomy and comfortable . there be table stack high with mailing envelope and a postage scale . a few workbench have software and spread sheet strewn across they . in the back be a couple of personal computer . on a side wall there be book jacket and newspaper photo in cheap frame : picture of Mann with Martin luther King ... with Bob Dylan ... with timothy leary ... rann be arrest at some demonstration .. . Mann at woodstock ... Mann 's gruff voice pull Ray 's attention away from this relic . mann you minute be not get bigger . ray okay . I understand you desire for privacy , and i would not dream of intrude if this be not extremely important . mann oh God . I do not do cause anymore . continued 53 85 - continued 85 ray this be not a cause . I do not need money , or a endorsement . mann refresh . ray you once write : ' there come a time when all the cosmic tumbler have click into place , and the universe open itself up for a few second , to show you what be possible . ' mann oh my God . ray what . mann you be from the sixty ! ray well , actually --- mann out ! out ! ray just wait a second --- Mann pick up a old - fashioned bug sprayer -- the kind with a long arm that pump in and out -- and start spraying it at Ray as if he be a unwanted insect . mann back to the sixty ! back ! he be back Ray out the door . ray if you would just --- mann there 's no place for you here in the future ! get back while you still can ! he get Ray just past the door and slam it shut . Ray slam it open . he 's piss . ray you have change , you know that ? continued 54 85 continued ( 2 ) 85 Mann stop fume and consider that . he sigh , sadly . mann yes . I suppose I have . how 's this ? ( smile and make the peace sign ) ' peace , love , dope . ' ( roar ) now get the fuck out of here !!! and he slam the door shut again . Ray be flabbergasted . he be think furiously . then he notice that in slamm the door , the latch have not lock in place . he think , make up he mind , and quietly open the door . Mann have return to work , he back to the door . Ray enter the loft , he leave hand in he jacket pocket . when he be halfway across the loft , he clear he throat . Mann spin around . mann now you have piss I off . ray okay , hold it right there . he jut he pockete hand forward , as if he have a gun in he jacket . ray I be hope I would not have to do it this way ... mann what the fuck be that ? ray it 's a gun . what would you think it be ? mann it 's you finger . ray no it 's not . it 's a gun . mann yeah ? let I see it . ray get out of here , I be not go to show you my gun . Mann sigh , and stand . continued 55 85 continued ( 3 ) 85 ray now look . I be not go to hurt you , I just need you to go with I for a little while , then -- what be you do ? Mann have find a crowbar among he tool , and be advance toward Ray . mann I be go to beat you with a crowbar till you go away . understandably , this make Ray nervous . ray whoa ! wait ! you can not do that . mann ( still advancing ) what , be there rule ? there 's no rule . Mann be almost to he , now , the crowbar raise above he head . ray you be a pacifist ! Mann stop . he think . he lower the crowbar . mann shit . Ray breathes a sigh of relief . ray thank you . mann all right , be you kidnap I ? what 's the deal here ? ray I be sorry . I be hope I could - just convince you to come with I . mann then you be kidnap I . ray I have to take you to a baseball game . mann you what ? continued 56 - 85 continued ( 4 ) 85 ray tonight 's game . red. Sox , twin . mann why ? ray something will happen there . I do not know what , but we will find out when it do . Mann now have no idea what to make of all this , so he just look Ray over for a few second . ray my name be Ray kinsella . you use my father 's name for a character in one of you storey . John kinsella . mann you be see a team of psychiatrist , be not you ? ray ( laugh ) I do not blame you for think that , but no , I be not . I swear to God I be the least crazy person I have ever know . mann then why be you kidnap I to a baseball game ? ray I read a interview you give a long time ago about how you always dream of play at ebbet field , and how sad you feel when they tore it down . mann ( shake head no ) I never say that . ray you do not ? mann I do not even remember think it . now Ray be not sure what to do . ray this whole . thing be so weird . continued 57 85 continued ( 5 ) 85 mann then why go through with it ? ray it 's a long story ... and I will tell you on the way . please . mann I be not go to get rid of you , be I ? ray if you just come to this game with I , I will never bother you again . not even a Christmas card . Mann pick up a hat , . plop it on he head and head out the door . CUT to 86 CITY street 86 Mann sit tensely beside Ray , who drive with he right hand , while he leave hand remain in he pocket , substitute for a gun . mann you do this often ? ray no . it 's my first time . so be gentle . Ray laugh nervously , and be embarrassed to see Mann not share the humor . ray you use to have a sense of humor . mann thing use to be funny . Ray pull up at a intersection . he have to choose between leave and right . behind he , car be honk . Ray do not have a clue which way to go . he sigh . ray I be sorry . this be really humiliate . which way be - eenway ? Mann shake he head , then tilt it to the leave . ray thank you . continued 58 86 continued 86 Ray make the turn , and head off down the street . mann you be really inept at this , be not you ? Ray grin sheepishly and nod . Mann laugh . mann I mean you be like a total bumbler . Ray chuckle he reluctant acceptance of the truth . mann ' bozo the kidnapper . ray ( no longer so amuse ) okay , okay ... after a few moment , Ray decidesto break the ice . ray can I ask you a question ? something I have always want to know . Mann nod . he 's be ask this question a million time . mann no , I never sleep with she . ray you never sleep with who ? mann whoever you be go to ask I about . if I would be with one - tenth the famous woman they say I be with , I would be in formaldehyde by now . ray ( interested ) you sleep with a lot of famous woman ? mann ( sourly ) what 's you question ? ray how would you get a name like terence ? Mann can not believe that 's the question . mann rastus be take . continued 59 86 continued ( 2 ) 86 Ray know now to shut up . he return he attention to he drive , glance up to he rearview mirror , and see something that cause he eye to widen in horror . 87 rear -view mirror 87 a Boston police car on he tail , red light flash . ray ( o.s. ) oh no . 88 int . ray' car 88 Mann look behind he , see the police car , and turn back to Ray . Ray wear a look of resignation as he pull the car over to the side of the road , and shut off the ignition . Mann just look at he , and start to chuckle . mann Nice go , boze . ray okay . I do not really have a gun . so do not say anything to this guy , okay ? I swear to God there 's a reason we be suppose to be at this game . Mann give he a " give I a break " look . Ray see the policeman be get out of he cruiser and walk towards they . Ray be desperate . ray if I get arrest , the press will be all over you , you will have to appear in open court , you will be the lead story on entertainment tonight , and you picture will be on the front page of every tabloid in America . the policeman knock on Ray 's window . he be young , fresh -scrubbed and earnest . Ray hold up one hand to he . ray just a second . ( -co mann ) ' terence - Mann kidnap ... also see in ufo with elvis . ' Mann 's eye narrow . the cop knock again , more insistently . Ray roll down - the window . " continued ' 60 88 continued 88 ray sorry . policeman license and registration . nervously , Ray comply . Mann turn he face toward the passenger side window . Ray 's mouth dry up . he have no idea what Mann will do . the policeman scrutinize the license , turn it over to look for conviction , and check Ray 's face against the felonlike photo . then he look at Mann . policeman and what 's you name , - sir ? Mann keep he face avert . mann Terry . policeman where be it that you and Raymond be go , Terry ? ray Fenway Park ! we be go to the ball game . mann ( turn to cop ) actually , Officer , I be be kidnap . discreetly , under he breath , Ray sing the " entertainment tonight " theme song . ray ' entertainment tonight , doo-doo-doo-doo-doo-doo ... Mann wince . the officer look at he questioningly . mann , what I mean by that be , I do not care much for baseball , but Raymond insisted . policeman yeah , I hate baseball . ( hand Ray back he id ) you right taillight be out , Raymond . I want you to get it fix at the first opportunity . continued 61 88 continued ( 2 ) 88 ray yes . I will . thank you . the policeman walk away , and Ray heave a sigh of relief . ray ' Terry ? ' mann ' Raymond ? ' ray Ray . my ... hostage call I Ray . can I call you Terry ? sourly , Mann nod . Ray smile and drive off . ray and thank you . mann I do not do it just because I do not want the publicity . ray then what else ? mann I envy you you craziness , Ray . it 's be year since I do something completely crazy . ray well , you want to hear something really crazy ? mann do I have a choice ? ray nope . I live on a farm in Iowa . one day , out in the cornfield , I hear a voice ... 89 ext . car 89 it glide through city traffic . 90 ext . fenway park - day 90 Ray slide the datsun into a parking place , and he and Mann walk the short sleazy block to Fenway , and old - fashioned center- city ballpark . continued 62 90 continued 90 mann ( shaking he head ) but can not you accept the probability that it 's all just a hallucination ? ray Annie and karin see it , too . they have reach the ticket window . ray two , field level , first base side . the elderly ticket seller pull out two ticket . ticket seller section seventeen . twelve dollar . Ray take out he wallet and turn to Mann .. ray it 's on I . mann you be damn right it be . Ray pay the man and receive the ticket . ticket seller game do not start for a while , but you can go in , watch bat practice . ray great . they enter the stadium . 91 int . stadium 91 they walk through the indoor portion of the grandstand toward they section . ray so what do you do with yourself this day ? mann I live . I work . I have learn to cook . I take walk . I watch sunset . ray do not you miss be ... involved ? continued 63 91 continued 91 mann ( snort ) I be the East Coast distributor of ' involved .'. I eat it , drank it , and breathe it . then they kill Martin . they kill Bobby . and then they elect tricky Dick . twice . and now , people like you think I must be miserable that I be not involved anymore . well , I have get news for you : I spend all my misery year ago . I have no more pain for any of you . I give at the office . they approach the refreshment stand . ray so ... what do you want ? . mann I want they to stop look to I for answer . begging I to speak again , write again , be a leader . I want they to start think for themselves . and I want my privacy ! Ray look slightly embarrassed . ray no , I mean what do you want from ... Ray point to the hot dog vendor , as they have reach the front of the line . mann oh. ( laugh at himself ) a dog and a beer . ray ( to the vendor ) two . ( to mann ) okay , I agree , you should be entitle to as much privacy as you wane . but why stop write ? mann I have not publish a word in seventeen year and I still have to endure asshole like you all the time . what do you think it would be like if I suddenly come out with a new book ? continued 64 91 continued ( 2 ) 91 Ray nod . Mann be make sense . mann they would bleed I dry . 92 section seventeen 92 Ray and Mann emerge into the sunlight and walk down the aisle toward the field . ray God , this place be so beautiful . the grass be so green you can almost smell it . look around the old ballpark , they see only about twenty or thirty die-hard fan in the stand for bat practice ; a half - dozen player be group around the bat cage as one player hit to several other in the field . a few sportswriter and other civilian stand near the dugout . Ray and Mann stop at the first row , right behind the Red Sox on - deck circle , lean on the railing and talk . ray it could be 1912 out there , for all this place have change . Babe Ruth stand on that very mound as a pitcher long before anyone know he could hit home run . same mound . mann why be we here , Ray ? ray something .. about the game . CUT to 93 the game - night 93 the game be in progress . Ray and Mann be in they fifth row seat . they do not speak . at one point , Ray become suddenly and strangely aware that something be about to happen . he look at Mann who be just watch the game . then he look at the scoreboard . 94 the scoreboard 94 Fenway Park have a sophisticated scoreboard that flash picture of the batter and pitcher , and can show instant replay of some of the action . continued 65 94 continued 94 right now , the display be replace by a oddly glow message . the sound of the stadium , the game , and the crowd fade out . there be only the message : ARCHIBALD " moonlight " graham chisholm , minn . New York Giants lifetime statistics : 1 game , 0 at bat the message do not just glow , it pulsate . it look almost otherworldly , phosphorescent ; clearly unlike anything ever see before on a ballpark scoreboard . 95 ray and mann 95 Ray look around he . the sound of the game return , and from the unconcern face of the people near he , he realize that no one else can see the message . he open he program and start write it down . Mann notice this , but can not see what Ray be write . then Ray hear the Voice . the voice ' go the distance . ' ray oh my God . mann what 's the matter ? ray nothing . mann you okay ? Ray sigh . ray yeah . ; then ) whenever you wanttogo , wecan go . continued 66 95 continued 95 mann what ??? ray if you want to go , we can go . Mann look at Ray curiously , try to read this new attitude . mann then let 's go . Mann rise and head up the aisle . Ray look down at the program -- at the handwritten legend of moonlight Graham , who play one game fifty - seven year ago , but do not get to bat -- and follow Mann out of the ballpark . CUT to 96 the ride back to boston 96 it be nighttime , and Mann drive . Ray slump , doze , troubled . Mann look curiously at Ray , but say nothing . they ride in silence . CUT to 97 mann' STREET - night 97 the street be blue with moonlight as they park in front of the storefront . mann where be you goingfrom here ? ray Home . mann what be it you be not tell I ? ray ( shake head no ) I have take up too much of you time . Mann get out of the car . mann I wish I have you passion , Ray . however misdirect it may be , it 's still a passion . I use to feel that way about thing , but ... continued 67 97 continued 97 Ray slide into the driver 's seat . mann you get another message , do not you ? ray you will think I be crazy . mann I already think you be crazy . what do it say ? after a little think , Ray smile sadly . ray it say ' the man 's do enough . leave he alone . ' Ray put the car in gear , make a wide turn , and start to head back up the street . but he stop short when mann's form look out of the darkness into the glare of the headlight .. Ray do not know why Mann be block he path . or why he appear tense , almost frighten . mann ' moonlight ' Graham . Ray 's jaw drop . ray you see it . mann saw what ? ray New York Giants , 1922 . he play one game , never get to bat . Mann look spectrial in the high - contrast glare on the headlight . mann . what do I see , Ray ? ray chisholm , Minnesota . we be the only one who see it . do you hear the voice , too ? Mann glance at Ray , then look away . continued 68 97 continued ( 2 ) 97 ray it 's all right to admit it . that 's what tell I to find you . no response . ray do you hear it too ? mann ' go the distance . ' ray do you know what it mean ? mann yes . ray what . mann it mean ... we be go to Minnesota to find moonlight Graham . ray ( thrilled ) we ? mann yeah . ray what do we do when we find he ? mann we will know that when we find he . Ray open the passenger door of the datsun and Mann jump in . Ray release the brake and peel out , burn rubber . the two man look happy as kid with bat over shoulder , glove dangle , on they way to a sandlot . CUT to 98 on the road 98 once on 1 - 90 , they begin the long haul across the great Lakes state . Ray drive , Mann doze in the recline passenger seat . ray ( v.o. ) Annie , I be really sorry , but I be go to be a few day longer . continued 69 98 continued 98 annie ( v.0 . ) ( phone ; filter ) oh , Ray ... be everything all right ? ray ( v.0 . ) everything 's great , and ' I will tell you all about it when I get back , but I be go to Minnesota now . 99 more on the road 99 now Mann drive , and Ray try to sleep , he stockinge foot propped up on the dash , occasionally slide with a thud against the steering column . annie ( v.o. ) ( phone ; filter ) I do not believe this . what 's in Minnesota ? ray ( V. 0 . ) a old ballplayer . I will explain when I get home . how be thing with you ? 100 gas station 100 Ray be use the pay phone on the wall of the office , while the car be be gass . annie ( v.0 . ) ( phone ; filter ) uh , fine . ray hey , guess what ? terence Mann be with I . we be go to Minnesota together . annie ( v.0 . ) ( phone ; filter ) be you kid I ? oh , Ray , that 's unbelievable ! ray I know . I gotta go . hug karin for I . I love you . annie ( v.o. ) ( phone ; filter ) I love you too . you guy behave yourselves . hurry home . continued 70 100 continued 100 Ray smile and hang up . CUT to 101 anniee kitchen 101 she hang up , and lose she smile as she turn back to the kitchen table , where she brother Mark sit with two man in business suit . MARK why do not you tell he ? annie for the same reason I have never piss on you birthday cake . MARK Annie , you do not have a choice in the matter . Annie look vertroubldye . CUT to 102 on the road - minnesota - 02 1 they be north of duluth , andthelandscape hasgrown harsh , the tree shorterandmore gnarled , thegrass tougher and wire . after Virginia , Minnesota , all the land be scar . above the town the mine sit like sand - color bunker in the cliff , - stern and silent . near chisholm , the land be get ever weirder . it look like a pasture roote and reroote by giant hog . it have be split and gut ; greenery have grow back , but at weird and unnatural angle . but as they swing into town ; the highway divide and they cross a beautiful and tranquil lake , so smooth and shiny it might be a scene paint on a glass plate . a sign read welcome to chisholm . 103 chisholm , minnesota 103 Ray and Mann have park on the main street next to a corner phone booth . Ray be flipping through the thin phone book attach to the booth by a chain . continued 71 103 continued 103 ray half a dozen graham ... no Archibald , no moonlight . mann follow I . CUT to 104 ext . chisholm free PRESS 104 the local newspaper be locate in a small storefront that be probably once a confectioner or a dry-good store . 105 int . chisholm free PRESS 105 Ray and Mann be talk with the paper 's publisher , veda ponikvar , a handsome woman in she sixty , with a sweet , innocent smile , and eyeglass hang from a fine chain around she neck . mann we be try to find a ex-baseball player name Archibald Graham . veda you mean ' Doc ' Graham . ray no , I think he nickname be ' moonlight . ' veda yes , that 's Doctor Graham . mann Doctor Graham . this be interesting news to Ray and Mann . veda his baseball career never amount to much , so he go back to school . his father be a doctor . mann do you know where we can find he ? ray it 's nothing bad . we be not from the IRS , or anything --- continued 72 105 continued 105 veda Doc Graham be dead . he die in 1972 . Ray and Mann look at each other , unsure of what this mean to they quest . CUT to 106 newspaper back room 106 Ray and Mann sit at a table in the newspaper 's back room , the " morgue " file on Doc Graham -- a collection of clipping , picture , and the obituary -- strewn before they . right now , they attention be on veda , who have put she glass on , and be read from a editorial . veda .' and there be time when child could not afford eyeglass or milk , or clothing . yet no child be ever deny this essential , because in the background , there be always Doctor Graham . without any fanfare or publicity , the glass or the milk or the ticket to the ball game find they way into the child 's pocket . ' mann you write that . veda the day he die . mann you be a good writer . the compliment be just right , and she smile warmly . veda Excuse I . she exit . Mann spread out the clipping and shake he head . mann something 's miss . Ray be look at a photo of Doc Graham as a man in he late sixty . continued mann half the town in North America have a Doc Graham . what make this one so special we have to come halfway across the country to find he fifteen year after he die ? there 's get to be more . veda enter with a piece of paper from a yellow legal pad . veda you might want to talk to some of this people . they know Doc pretty well . Mann take the list and look it over . CUT to 107 interview 07 two old codger on a park bench . first codger oh , that man have a arm on he . one day over at the ballpark , he say ' lemme see that ball ' , and one of the boy throw he the ball , and he walk over behind home plate , rear back , and fire that ball over the leave field fence . second codger and he be at least fifty year old when he do it . first codger it be still rise when it disappear . 108 interview a woman , a older nurse . nurse i go with he to make a housecall at one of the camp . . mining camp . the husband be sick , and they have no stove , so they have no heat . ( more ) continued 74 108 continued nurse ( cont 'd ) when we get back to chisholm , Doc go to the hardware store and buy a stove for they and pay to have it deliver . and I know that be not the only time he do something like that . 109 country kitchen restaurant - day 109 several table have be push together , and Mann sit surround by townspeople , mostly man past retirement age . balding man he do not smoke or drink , . but he use to chew up paper and spit it out wherever he go . if you be around Doc very long , you learn to duck . moustached man he would even chew up he prescription slip , so sometimes we would have to dig into we pocket for a piece of paper so Doc could write we prescription . white -haired man he always wear a black overcoat , even in the summer , and it be always flap open , even in the winter and it be fifty below . and he have white hair , like I , and he always carry a umbrella . smoker ' cept he be always , I mean always , lose they . store 'round town would just lean he umbrella somewhere near the door , and if anybody ask , they would just say ' oh , that 's Doc 's umbrella ' . mann what be the umbrella for ? white -haired man oh , I think it get to be a habit , something to hang onto . but if you would ask he , he would say it be to beat away all he lady admirer . this , as much as the other remembrance , bring warm chuckle to the old man . mann tell I about he wife . continued 75 109 continued balding man alicia . she move to South Carolina after he pass . she pass a few year later . she always wear blue . I bet you do not know that . mann ( smile ) no. I do not . 110 motel office - night 110 the woman manager of the motel be have a'cup of coffee with Ray . motel manager you know , everybody 's talk about you two . we neighbor come over last night and we just tell doc' Graham storey until after midnight . I even write some of they down . she take out a piece of paper . ray that 's very nice of you . motel manager well , it 's funny . it 's like all this memory we have of Doc have go to sleep and sink way down inside we . but once you start ask about he , and start we talk about he , why they swum back up to the surface again . Ray smile . CUT to 111 motel room 111 Ray and Mann be sit in they bed , compare they note . mann no screwing , no drink , no opium , no illegitimate child . no-midnight abortion , no shady finances . Ray put down he note and pick up the Chicago tribune . ray you sound disappointed . continued 76 111 continued 111 mann shoeless Joe have a problem . that 's why he need you . this guy do not need we . suddenly , Ray straighten with a start . ray oh , my God . Ray hurry over to Mann , offer the open newspaper , and point out a article to Mann . it be headline : terence mann missing . mann damn . ( read ) ' his son , who life in New York City , notify police after receive no answer to repeat telephone call ... ' shit . I would better call he . he pull the phone onto the bed and dial mann what the hell do I tell he . ray you want I to ...? he motion outside with he head . mann thanks . Ray exit . CUT to 112 ext . chisholm residential STREET - night 112 Ray walk by the old movie theatre , which sit at the edge of a residential street . the godfather be play . he nod at a elderly man who pass he on the street . he pass a darken house and notice there be a sign of some kind in its unlit front window . he take another two or three step before he have , to stop to take a better look at the sign . 77 113 the sign 113 it take a second to make out the image in the dark , but it be a head shot of Richard Nixon . above , it say " four more year " . below , it read " re- elect the President " . 114 ray 1.14 be puzzle . he turn and look at the theatre marquee . 115 the theatre marquee 115 under the letter that spell out " the godfather " , be smaller letter that read " nominated for 10 Academy Award " . 116 ray 116 frown . he say the word to himself . ray nominated ? Ray now look at the car park nearest to he . 117 the car : . 17 it be a old mustang . the annual tag on the license plate read : 1972 . 118 ?? ray 118 looks-around 119 he point of view 119 all the car on the street be pre-1972 . and still walk down the block away from he , be the elderly man Ray pass moment earlier . the man be about sixty - five year old , stoop a little , but the body be still lithe , a athlete 's body . he be wear a dark overcoat ... 120 closer point of view 120 .and he carry a umbrella . 78 121 ray 121 the little hair on the back of Ray 's neck stand up . his mouth be dry , and for a moment , he can not speak . then , he call to the man . ray Doctor Graham ? slowly , the man stop and turn back to face Ray . Ray start to trot to he . elderly man who 's that ? ray my name be Ray kinsella . I be from Iowa . be you moonlight Graham ? the old man narrow he bright eye to see Ray more clearly . doc graham no one 's call I ' moonlight ' Graham for fifty year . ray well , I have come ... ( smile to himself ) . a very long way to see you . doc graham funny . I could not sleep tonight . usually , I sleep like a baby . so I tell alicia I be go to take a walk . ray mind if i join you ? I would like to talk to you . Doc nod and they start to walk . doc graham let 's go to the high school . we can sit in my office . what do . you want to talk about ? ray well , first of all , how would you get to be call ' moonlight ' ? doc graham ' Cause of a night like this , long ago . I would just get to the minor , and I go out to the ballpark . ( more ) continued 79 121 continued doc graham ( cont 'd} there 's nothing as peaceful as a ballpark at night . like a church . ray yeah , I know what you mean . doc graham anyway , I fall asleep . next morning , they find I in the on-deck circle , all curl up like a baby . someone call I ' moonlight , ' and it stick . 122 ext . high school 122 Doc fumble out a key , and let they in . ray when you get to the major , you play only one inning of one game . what happen in that inning ? 123 int . high school 123 they enter the hallway of the old school , the smell of varnish and chalk almost palpable . doc graham it be the last day of the season . bottom of the eighth , and we be way ahead . I would be up with the club for most of a month , but have not see any action . just then old John mcgraw point a bony finger at I and say ' right field . ' well sir , I jump up like I be sit on a spring , grab my glove , and run out onto the field . they reach a varnish door with a opaque glass inset , and enter . Doc Graham 's office . 124 int. , doc graham' office 124 Doc seat himself behind a cluttere desk , and motion Ray to the black - leather sofa a few foot away . ray do you get to make a play ? Doc take a sheet of paper off he desk , expertly rip a inch or so off the corner with he tooth , and begin chew . continued 80 124 continued 124 doc graham nope . they never hit the ball out of the infield . Ray chuckle , but then flinch as Doc shoot he little spitball towards he . doc graham head up . it hit the back of the sofa a few foot from Ray , and hang there , like a white fly . ray I be warn about you . doc graham anyway , one inning later the game be over , and so be I . ray and what be that like ? doc graham it be like come this close to you dream , and then watch they brush past you like a stranger in a crowd . Ray nod , and a look of understanding begin to appear on he face . he look out the window , focus on faraway . doc graham except , at the time , you do not think much of it . hardly anybody recognize the most significant moment of they life when they be happen . back then I just figure there would be plenty more day . I do not know that would be the only one . Doc Graham notice that Ray be look very serious . doc graham now , let I ask you a question , Ray kinsella . what make that half - inning so interesting that you come all the way from Iowa to ask I about it sixty - five year later ? Ray choose he word carefully . continued 81 124 continued ( 2 ) 124 ray I do not really know till just now . but I think it 's to ask you if you could do anything you want to ... if you could have a wish ... doc graham ahh ... Doc nod . he understanding . he smile wryly , take a new piece of paper , and bite off a little section . doc graham and be you the kind of man who could grant I that wish ? ray I do not know . I be just ask ... Doc lean he leave elbow on the desk and rub he forehead thoughtfully with a palm , as if it be a eraser that could erase the year and take he back to 1929 and the polo Grounds in New York . doc graham I never get to bat in the major league . I would have like the chance -- just once -- to stare down a big league pitcher . stare he down and then just as he go into the windup -- wink ! make he wonder if I know something he do not . that 's what I wish for . the chance to squint my eye when the sky be so blue it hurt to look at it , and to feel the ' tingle that run up you arm when you connect dead - on . the chance to run the basis , stretch a double to a triple , and flop race - first into third , wrapping my arm around the bag . that 's my wish , Ray kinsella ... that 's my wish . Ray begin to smile . Graham be stare intently at he . doc graham be there enough magic float around in the night out there for you to make that wish come true ? ray what would you do if I say ' yes ' ? doc graham I think I might actually believe you . continued 82 124 continued ( 3 ) ray there be a place where thing like that happen . and if you want to go there , I can take you . Doc 's eye start to glisten , and he offer a embarrassed smile as he wipe away a tear . doc graham if it mean leave chisholm ... he shake he head.no . Ray be surprised . ray I understand , but I think you be suppose to come with we . doc graham this be my most special place in the world , Ray . once a place touch you like this , the wind never blow so cold again . you feel for it like it be you child . I can not leave here . Ray can not believe the man will not leave chisholm for he dream . ray but you wish ... doc graham it will stay one . I be bear here , live here , and I will die here . that 's okay . I will have no regret . ray but sixty - five year ago -- for five minute -- you come this close . ( hold up two finger ) it would kill some man to get that close to they dream and never touch it . they would consider it a tragedy . doc graham son... if I would only get to be a doctor for five minute . .now that would have be a tragedy . that word fill up the room , and Ray sink back against the couch . continued 83 124 continued ( 4 ) 124 doc graham well , I would better get home before alicia start to think I have get a girlfriend . and Doc Graham smile at he . ray ( v.0 . ) and he smile . CUT to 125 int . motel room - night 125 it be later that same night , and Ray have be recount he experience with Doc Graham to Mann , who appear quietly troubled . ray and then I figure maybe we be not suppose to take he with we . so now I do not know why the hell we be suppose to come here . mann maybe it be to find out if one inning can change the world . ray do it ? mann it do for this people . if he would get a hit , he might have stay there . ( then ) you wife call before . she want you to call she tonight . CUT to 126 int . ray and anniee bedroom - night 126 Annie be asleep . the phone ring , and the speed with which she pick it up suggest that she anxiety to get this phone call prevent she from sleep very deeply . continued 84 126 continued 126 annie Ray . ( pause ) I ask the bank if we could miss a payment or two , and they tell I they would just sell the note on the farm to Mark and he partner . so they own the paper now , and he say if we do not sell to they , they will foreclose . Ray , we do not have the money . 127 int . motel room - night 127 Ray hold the phone , pain . ray okay , look . they can not foreclose for thirty day , or something like that . I have get to take Terry back to Boston first , so it will be --- mann no . Ray look over at Mann . mann I be go to Iowa with you . ray we be come home . - CUT to 128 on the road - morning 128 Ray drive with purpose and speed . Mann look relaxed . mann Hell , I could not quit now . I have get see this ballpark . ray not everybody can see it . you might not . mann I will give it a try . as they turn onto the highway near the lake , a teenager with a dufflebag appear on the side of the road , he arm raise in . a hitchhiker 's stance . Ray pull the car over to the side of the road . continued 85 --- 128 - - - continued 128 ray I need all the karma I can get right now . the car stop , and the teenager run for it . he toss he dufflebag in the backseat and squeeze in after it . teenager thanks . you be the first car by . I do not expect to get a lift so soon . Ray start the car back onto the highway . ray how far be you go ? teenager how far be you go ? ray Iowa . teenager well , if it 's okay with you , I will ride along for a while . I play baseball . Ray and Mann exchange brief smile . teenager I be look for a place to play , and I hear that all through the Midwest , town have team , and in some place they will find you a day job so you can play ball night and weekend . ray this be you lucky day , kid . we be go someplace kind of like that . teenager all right ! ray I be Ray kinsella , this be Terry Mann . teenager hi. I be archie Graham . Mann and Ray just look at each other . and the little datsun head off down the highway . CUT to 86 129 int . car - night archie sleep in the backseat . mann I be die to ask he if he have a nickname . ray do not . he do not get it till he be in the minor . mann maybe we can give it to he . ray funny , the way he describe town , find you a job so you can play on they team ... they have not do that for year . my dad do that for a while . but that be in the twenties . mann what happen to you father ? ray he never make it as ball player , so he try to get he son to make it for he . by the time I be ten , play baseball get to be like eat vegetable or take out the garbage , so when I be fourteen , I start to refuse . can you believe that ? a american boy refuse to have a catch with he father . mann why at fourteen ? ray that 's when I read the Boat rocker , by terence mann. mann oh god. ray I never play catch with he again . mann ( seriously ) see , that 's the kind of crap people be always try to lay on I . it 's not my fault you would not play catch with you father ! continued 87 129 continued 129 ray I know . anyway , when I be seventeen , we have a big fight , I pack my thing , say something awful , and leave . after a while I want to come home , but I do not know how . I make it back for the funeral . mann what be the awful thing you say ? ray I say I could never respect a man whose hero be a criminal . mann who be he hero ? ray shoeless Joe Jackson . Mann consider this all very carefully . mann you know he be not a criminal . Ray nod . mann then why would you say it ? ray I be seventeen . Mann nod with grow understanding . mann so this be you penance . ray I know . I can not bring my father back .. mann .so the least you can do be bring back he hero . Ray nod . mann well now we know what everybody 's purpose here be ... except mine . Ray look at he . he have not think of that . after a few moment Ray point to something in the distance . 88 130 point of view 130 something down the road , in the midst of all this flat farmland , be glow in the night . it be a illuminate baseball diamond in a cornfield . 131 ray and anniee farm - night Ray turn the datsun into the long driveway and , with a rumble , cross the metal cattle guard that keep livestock from escape to the roadway . he ease the car to a stop in front of the house , and as the three man unfold themselves from the car , karin bolt from the back door of the house , a blur of white blouse and pink pedal pusher . she fling herself into Ray 's arm , and hug he neck in unrestrained joy . karin daddy ! then Annie appear too . they kiss while Mann and archie wait to be introduce . finally , Mann clear he throat . ray ( ( beaming ) karin , Annie ... this be terence Mann mann Terry . karin hiya Terry . Annie step forward , wining some curl from she eye with ahand that have recently be immerse in flour ' . she smile , wipe the hand on the thigh of she jeans , and shake he hand . annie welcome . mann thank you . ray and this young fellow be Moon -- uh , archie Graham . karin and Annie shake he hand . ray he 's come to practice with the team . continued 89 131 continued 131 annie he will be able to do more than just practice . ray what do that mean ? annie come on . they walk towards the field . annie let 's enjoy this place while we still have it . 132 ext . baseball field - night 132 Ray and Annie walk silently with they arm around each other as they lead Mann , archie and karin to the bleacher . Mann 's eye widen as several of the player shout greeting to Ray . shoeless joe hi , Ray , welcome back . ray thanks , joe. good to see you . mann oh my Lord . ray what . mann that 's shoeless Joe Jackson ! ray well of course it be . mann I have see picture . that be the White Sox ! ray you mean you still do not believe I ? mann I think I do , but ... oh my Lord . they have reach the foul line where shoeless Joe wait for they . continued 90 132 continued 1321 ray Terry , I would like you to meet Joe Jackson . Joe , this be Terry Mann . Mann and Jackson shake hand . mann it 's a pleasure to meet you . shoeless joe pleasure 's mine . ( to ray ) Ray , I hope you do not mind , but we get tired of just have practice , so we bring another team out with we so we could have some real game . he point to the visitor ' bench , and , indeed , there be a dozen or so more old - time baseball player in old - time baseball uniform . ray I do not mind . where would they come from ? shoeless joe ( chuckle ) where would we come from . man , you would not believe how many guy want to play here . we have to beat them off with a stick . archie ( from the bleacher ) hey , that 's mel ott. and Carl hubbell . that be the New York Giants ! shoeless joe with a couple of Cardinals and a's throw in for good measure . ty cobb want to play , but none of we could stand the sonofabitch when we be alive , so we tell he to stuff it . ( to archie ) hey , be you Graham ? archie yes sir . Ray and Mann be astonished that shoeless Joe know who archie be . continued 91 132 continued ( 2 ) 132 shoeless joe what the hell you do on the sideline ? you come here to play ball , do not you ? archie yes sir . shoeless joe go warm up ! archie ( thrilled ) yes sir ! archie quickly scamper down the bleacher , onto the field , shake Joe 's hand , and run to the dugout . mann unbelievable . ray it 's more than that . it 's perfect . CUT to 133 the game 133 the White Sox be in the field , the Giants at bat . a giant hitter bunt , and the runner on second take third despite a close throw . Mann , Ray , karin and Annie be in the stand , Mann keep score . mann do he get a hit for that ? ray karin ? karin um , no . the batter be try to sacrifice . ray so how do you score it ? karin fielder 's choice ? ray very good . continued 92 133 continued 133 Mann be impressed . he lift karin up from she seat on the row below they , and place she next to he to help he . mann you better sit here . karin beam . Ray tap Mann and point to the plate . ray look . archie Graham -- now wear a giant 's uniform -- drop one of the two bat he have be swinging in the on-deck circle , and advance on the plate , slashing the air with a brand - new bat the color of vanilla ice cream . he plant himself in the batter 's b.ox , then cock the bat , the top end of it tremble as if he be stir something , and wait for the pitch . ' the pitcher look in for he sign . archie stare back . as the pitcher go into he windup , archie wink at he . there be a moment of confusion and then anger on the pitcher 's face , and when the ball speed to the plate it be aim right at archie 's head . he dive out of the way and hit the dirt hard . the catcher chuckle through he mask . catcher good thing for you that be not he fastball . archie dig in again at the plate , but back up just a little . now he look to the pitcher be one of determination . archie come on , let 's see you fastball . the pitcher smile , wind up and throw . very fast . and right at archie 's chin . again , he have to dive out of the way . this time , however , he get right up and immediately appeal to the umpire . archie ° hey , ump , how about a warning ? umpire sure . watch out - you do not get kill . both bench laugh at that . archie hold up he hand to call time , and step out of the batter 's box . the on-deck batter , mel ott , come over . continued 93 133 continued ( 2 ) 133 ott okay , kid , first two be high and tight , where do you think the next one 's go to be ? archie either - low and away , or in my ear . ott he do not want to load the basis . look for low and away . archie nod and start to walk back to the plate . ott but watch out for ' in you ear . ' archie take he place in the batter 's box again . he still look determine , but a little less cocky . the next pitch be a curve that look as if it 's head right for he . but he hold he ground , and when the ball break down and away , he step in , snap the bat forward , and hit it . the ball sail in a high arc to right center . the center fielder back up a couple of step , lope a few stride to he leave , and make the catch . archie be out , but the runner on third tag up and score . as archie curl across the diamond from the first baseline to the Giants ' bench , he hear cheer . in the stand , Ray , Annie , karin and Mann be give he a stand ovation . in return , he touch the brim of he cap , a ballplayer 's cool response to adulation . mann ( laugh ) '' look at that . Mr. cool . but when archie get to the bench , he can not contain himself anymore . he leap up and let out a cheer of pure joy . dissolve to 134 the field - later 134 the game have end , and player be rough-house and joke as they slowly make they way to the door in the outfield fence . Ray and Mann be talk to some of the player over the fence . mann where do you go when you walk through that door ? what do you do ? continued 94 134 continued chick gandil we sleep . happy felsch and wait . shoeless joe we dream . ray you can not leave the field any other way , can you ? shoeless joe not if we want to come back . ray I would love to go with you sometime . the silence that follow be long and ominous . ray I would like to see what 's out there . there be still no response . ray I will take that as a no for now . he spot archie jogging off the field . ray hey , slugger , congratulation ! archie jog over . archie thanks . I can not stop shaking I be so happy . ' course , I would have like a base hit ... karin but you get a RBI ! archie I sure do , do not I ? shoeless joe ( yell back ) a rookie 's luck ! they all laugh at that . ray well come on , this call for a drink . continued 95 134 continued ( 2 ) 134 archie hesitates . archie I can not . I be ... he motion with he head toward the other player disappear through the outfield door . Ray nod understandingly . ray good game , archie . archie thanks . mann good night , kid . Ray , karin , Annie and Mann watch archie jog towards the rest of the player . when he reach the fence , he turn back to they . archie Mr. kinsella ? Ray turn toward he . archie look as if he know more than he 's say . archie thank you for bring I here . I could not have wish for anything more . Ray recognize there may be more behind that word than just a teenager 's pleasure . but he decide not to ask any question . ray I know . you be welcome . archie run through the door in the fence and vanish . CUT to 135 int . kitchen - morning 135 Mann and karin eat they country breakfast at one and of the table , while at the other end , Annie and Ray sit in front of the bank book , ledger , and the sheaf of bill puffed up around the paper spike . annie once we fall behind in the payment , the full amount of the mortgage become due . continued 96 135 continued 135 ray and they own the paper , so they have the legal right to foreclose . annie unless we sell . ray either way we lose the farm . maybe we can make it a condition of the sale that they keep the field up . annie forget it . they be buy up single farm all around we , make it one big farm . first thing they will do be plow under you field . Ray just sit there , let that sink in . CUT to 136 ext . farm - day 1.36 Ray and Mann walk . mann I do not have a lot of money , Ray , but maybe I could pitch in a little . ray Fine . you can put in twenty buck for grocery . mann that 's not what I mean . maybe the reason you be suppose to find I be so I could help you with this . ray more likely it 's that you be suppose to start write again . about this . mann do not change the subject . ray you promise to publish and I will let you chip in from you royalty . Mann 's expression suddenly turn to one of indignation . continued 97 136 continued 136 mann one thing have nothing to do with the other . ray I be not sure I agree with that . mann you be not only stubborn , you be stupid . ray that I will not argue with . Annie emerge from the house and call to Ray . annie honey , that be Mark . he 's come tonight . he need a decision tonight . CUT to 137 the game 137 again , it 's J ,oe Jackson 's Chicago White Sox against the New York Giants , now feature rookie archie Graham . in the stand , Mann keep score , karin munch on a hot dog , and Annie and Ray snuggle together to watch the game . annie everything be so perfect here . ray whatever I have to do to save this place , I will do . annie I know . suddenly , Ray snap he head to the side , as one do to pick up a-distant sound . ray he 's here . they look and see Mark 's car head up the gravel lane . he park the car at the edge of the field , and the game stop as he walk right across it , completely mindless of the player . since he do not see any of they , a few actually have to move out of he way . he approach the bottom of the bleacher . ray you be interrupt the game , . Mark . continued 98 137 continued 137 Mark shake he head sadly at the think that this otherwise sensible relation have lose they mind . MARK Ray , it 's time 'to put away we little fantasy and come down to earth . ray it 's not a fantasy , Mark . they be real . Mark obviously do.e not see anyone on the field . MARK ( emphatically ) who 's real ? ray shoeless Joe Jackson . the White Sox . the Giants . ( to mann ) he can not see any of it . MARK and who 's that ? Babe Ruth ? Ray smile , savore the moment . ray as a matter of fact , it 's terence Mann . MARK ah , how do you ? I be Michael Jackson . ( to ray ) Ray , we have to settle this thing right now . ray I be not sell you my home . MARK you have no money , you have get a stack of bill to choke a pig , and come fall , you have get no crop to sell . but I have a deal to offer you that will allow you to stay on this land . this have Ray 's attention . Mark climb the bleacher to stand closer to he . karin daddy , we do not have to sell the farm . but no one pay she any attention . all eye be on Mark . continued 99 137 continued ( 2 ) 137 MARK let we buy you out , and we will leave the house . you can live in it rent free as long as you want . ray what about the baseball field ? MARK do you realize what this land be worth ? ray over $ 2200 a acre . MARK then you must realize we can not keep a useless baseball diamond in the middle of rich farmland . ray no deal , Mark . we be stay . karin we do not have to go . MARK ( explode ) you be virtually bankrupt , and I be offer you a way to keep you home because I love my sister ! I have get partner who do not give a damn about you , and they be ready to foreclose right now ! karin daddy , we do not have to sell the farm . MARK karin , please ! ray wait . they all turn to karin . karin people will come . ray what people , sweetheart ? continued 100 137 continued ( 3 ) 137 karin from all over . they will just decide to take a vacation , see , and they will come to Iowa City , and they will think it 's really boring , so they will take a drive . and they will drive down we road , and they will see the light and they will think it 's really pretty . Ray , Annie , and Mann listen with wonder , to this vision . karin so , the people in the car ? they will drive up and they will want to pay we , like buy a ticket . Mark look at they all as if they be crazy . MARK you be not listen to this seriously , be you ? annie yes . MARK why would anybody pay money to come here ? karin look at she uncle mark as if he be a simpleton . karin to watch the game . and it will be just like when they be little kid a long time ago , and it be summertime , and they will watch the game and . remember what it be like . Ray and Annie could not be prouder of they daughter than they be right now . MARK what the hell be she talk about ? annie she 's talk about people see they memory ... touch they past . ray ( nods ) people will come . continued 101 137 continued ( 4 ) 137 annie it will be like one of that tiny , french restaurant that have no sign . you find it by instinct . they will be draw . MARK okay , this be all fascinating , but the fact remain that you do not have the money to bring the mortgage up to date , so you still have to sell . I be sorry , but you have no choice . he produce a document and hand it to Ray with a pen . Ray look at it . he do not know what to do . mann Ray ... Ray look at Mann . 138 mann - 1.38 speak now as he have not speak for many year : as terence Mann , master of word , spellbinder . mann people will come , Ray . they will come to Iowa for reason they can not even fathom . they will turn up you driveway , not know for sure why they be do it , and arrive at you door , innocent as child , long for the past . ' of course we will not mind if you look around , ' you will say . ' it 's only twenty dollar per person . ' and they will pass over the money without even look at it . for it be money they have , and peace they lack . 139 MARK 139 push the papers . forward . MARK just sign the papers , Ray . 140 mann 140 be not one to give up . continued 102 140 continued 140 mann they will walk out to the bleacher and sit in shirtsleeve in the perfect evening , or they will find they have reserve seat somewhere in the grandstand or along one of the baseline -- wherever they sit when they be child and cheer they heroes . they will watch the game , and it will be as if they would dip themselves in magic water . the memory will be so thick they will have to brush they away from they face . 141 master 141 spellbound , Ray have put the papers down . Mark pick they up again . he be battle Mann for Ray 's attention . MARK listen to I . tomorrow morning , when the bank open , they will foreclose . mann people will come , Ray . MARK you be break , Ray . sell now or lose everything . mann the one constant through all the year , Ray , have be baseball . America have roll by like an`army of steamroller . it 's be erase like a blackboard , rebuilt , and erase again . but baseball have mark the time . this field , this ° game ... it 's a piece of we past . it remind we of all that once be good . and that could be again . people will come . people will most definitely come . Mann have move everyone ( but Mark ) with the beauty of he word , and the passion in his.voice . behind he , the assemble ballplayer respectfully applaud . buck weaver ( teary - eyed ) that be beautiful ... the other player nod , also teary - eye . continued 103 141 continued 141 buck weaver ( sincerely ) .fuckin ' beautiful . the player on either side of he jab he rib with they elbow , but Mann , Ray and Annie laugh with pleasure . MARK Ray . you will lose everything and you will be evict . Ray look at the paper with dread . he look at shoeless Joe and the player . he look at he family . then he turn back to Mark . it 's decision time . ray I be not signing . Mark shake he head sadly . Annie hug Ray . the player breathe a great sigh of relief . Mann smile . mann Ray ... Ray look up at Mann , who , with a gentle tilt of the head , direct Ray 's attention to the house . Ray look behind he toward the house . 142 ray' point of view - car 142 have park in front of the house . more be come quietly down the driveway . dozen of car . Cars with out -of-state license plate . some people , have get out of they car and wait patiently . one or two family sit on they hood , or have set up picnic dinner on they station wagon ' tailgate . 143 the bleacher 143 Ray , Annie , karin and Mann be deeply happy -- but not terribly surprised -- to see this people . ray ( sing - song ) they be he-re . Mark look at the house and then back at Ray . nark who 's here ? continued 104 143 continued 143 ray ( with a edge ) you do not see that car ? all that people ? MARK do not do this , you son of a bitch ! there 's no car , no people ... karin uncle Mark , I can see they . annie we all can . MARK you be crazy . you be all bat-shit crazy ! ray watch you language , Mark . MARK you build a baseball field in the middle of nowhere , you sit around here and stare at nothing --- karin it 's not nothing . Mark grab karin 's arm and pull she to she foot as if she be " exhibit a . " MARK and you have turn you daughter into a goddamn moron ! ray get you hand off she . Ray rise threateningly , and Mark turn toward he . in so do , he twist little karin off balance . MARK I be try to help you , goddamnit ! in that split second , they hear a strangle gasp , and see karin fall forward from the top row of the bleacher . RA y karin !! 105 144 karin 144 her hot dog fly off , the bun and wiener separate in midair . one small sandal bounce end over end and land at the foot of the bleacher . it take forever for she body to come down with a sicken thud on the hard green board of one of the bottom row . 145 the other 145 rush down to where she lie , face up . Ray be first , but he do not know what to do . Annie and Mann hover . Mark be horror-stricken , but no one know what to do . MARK oh my God , I be sorry ... Annie ... I do not mean to ... karin be unconscious , and seem to be fight for breath . Ray and Annie 's eye meet in anguish . annie should we move she ? ray get the car . 146 annie 146 spring for the house . the tourist by they car watch quietly . annie be there a doctor ? a nurse ? any of you ? they sadly shake they head no . Annie race inside . 147 back at the bleacher 147 most of the White Sox player stand by the leave field fence , stare silently . mann how long ? RA y its a twenty - minute drive . Mann wince . he know that could be fatal . Ray kneel by karin . her nose and one side of she face have be scrape by the fall . blood start to trickle from she nose , across she cheek and down she neck . she be become bluer and she cough be faint , as though she be in another room . continued 106 147 continued 147 Mark take off he $ 300 pale - green velvet corduroy jacket and be wordlessly hold it out to Ray . Ray take the jacket and cover karin gently . karin be get paler , bluer , and she breathe more strain and distant . ray karin ... then , without reason , Ray slowly turn toward the field . the White Sox stand near he by the fence , the Giants stay around they bench . all except one : young archie Graham . 148 archie graham 148 have notice the ' commotion in the bleacher , and he start to lope across the field . 149 bleacher 149 Annie have pull the car over and honk . Ray hold up he hand to she to wait . his eye be on young archie Graham . 150 young archie graham 3.50 as Graham get closer , he feature begin to change , and he step slow . he reach the end of the fence -- around which no player can pass -- and when he emerge from the shadow on the bleacher side , he be no longer young moonlight Graham , the ballplayer of long ago ... but Doc Graham , the old man from chisholm , Minnesota . his baseball glove have turn into a black doctor 's bag . 151 the bleacher 151 as Doc Graham approach . doc graham what have we get here ? ray she fall . Doc kneel beside she and instantly know what be wrong . doc graham this child 's choke to death . continued 107 151 continued 151 he pick she up with one hand under she shoulder and the other under she knee , seat himself on the bleacher , and turn she face down . support she chest with one hand , he deliver a series of sharp blow between she shoulder blade with the heel of he other hand . Annie honk again . Ray wave she to he . Mark cannot believe what he be see . suddenly , karin 's diaphragm expands as she suck in air . Doc reach around and pries she mouth open , release a sizable piece of hog dog and bun . as he turn she over , we can see the blueness disappear from she face as she continue to breathe deeply . Doc peel back each eyelid in turn , stare at the pupil for a few second , and let the eye close . dcc graham she 's okay . I do not think the fall really hurt she , just the dog in she throat . she will be come around in a minute or two . ray ( sigh deeply ) thank you , doc. Doc look deeply into Ray 's eye . doc graham no , son . thank you . it just now sink for Ray what - Doc Graham have sacrifice to save the child . Ray look to the field , and then back at the Doctor . ray ' oh , my God , you can not go back . doc graham it 's okay ... ( nods knowingly ) it 's okay . 152 MARK and annie 152 Mark be slack - jaw . he have see something magical happen and cannot explain it . MARK I see ... a11 of a sudden this kid run off the field and turns.into ... continued 108 152 continued 152 he look questioningly at Annie . she smile reassuringly . annie there 's hope for you yet , Mark . 153 ray and doc graham 153 Doc Graham stand , and pick up he black bag . doc graham well , I best be get back home before alicia start to think I have get a girlfriend . he walk around the edge of the fence , and head for the outfield door . the player respectfully make way for he . happy felsch good work , doc. eddie cicotte Way to go , doc. doc graham thanks , boy . win one for I , someday , will you ? he pass they . shoeless joe hev rookie ! Doc Graham turn . shoeless joe you be good . only now do Doc Graham 's eye shine with tear . he smile , and disappear through the door . 154 on the side 154 karin be come to , Ray and Annie by she side . some of the player start to gather up they equipment . shoeless Joe call to Ray . shoeless joe we be gonna call it a night . we will see you tomorrow . ray okay . continued 109 154 continued 154 mann good night . Joe start to trot off the field , then he stop and turn back to the bleacher . shoeless joe hey ! you wanna come with we ? Ray 's jaw drop . ray you mean it ? shoeless joe not you . ( point to Mann ) him . ray him ? mann come with you ? shoeless joe out there . mann what be out there ? shoeless joe come find out . ray wait a second . why he ? shoeless Joe and the other player wait for Mann to join they , ignore Ray 's question . ray I build this field ! you would not be here if it be not for I . mann Ray , for God 's sake , I be unattach . you have get a family . this take Ray down a peg or two . ray but I want to know what 's out there ! I want to see it ! continued 110 154 continued ( 2 ) mann there 's a reason they choose I , just as there be a reason they choose you to find I . ray oh yeah ? why ? mann because , you big jerk , I give that interview . ray what interview ? mann the one about ebbet field . the one that charge you up and send you all the way to Boston to find I . ray then you lie to I . mann you be kidnap I at the time , you asshole ! think of it , Ray : maybe there 's a ebbet field still float around out there somewhere . and maybe I will get to sit in the stand , and watch a twenty - year - old kid with a smooth face and kinky hair try out for the 1948 dodger . ray ( to shoeless Joe ) so I do all the work , and all I get be to see everybody else 's dream come true . be that it ? shoeless joe what be you say , Ray ? ray I be say I be happy for you , and I be happy for he , but after all this what 's in it L for I ? shoeless joe be that why you do this ? for-you ? mann there 's something out there for I , Ray . and what a story it will make : a man be able to touch the perfect dream . continued 111 154 continued ( 3 ) 154 ray then you will write about it ? mann you bet I will . Annie walk karin over . Ray bend down to karin 's face . ray how you feel , honey ? karin stupid . Ray laugh and hug she . he look up at Annie . ray Terry 's be invite to go- with the player . annie you mean ' out ' ? ray ( nods ) out . annie ( hum twilight zone theme ) doo-doo-doo-doo . be careful . she smile brightly and give Mann a kiss on the cheek . Mann shake Ray 's hand . ray -- I want a full description . mann - you take care of this family , Ray . Mann join several of the White Sox as they leave the field . 155 MARK 155 be absolutely dumbfounded as 'he see the player fade out upon walk through the outfield gate . he turn to Annie . MARK he just ... where would he ...? continued 112 15.5 continued 155 annie you go inside and lie down . I will explain later . Mark walk off toward the people in they car outside the house . MARK where would all this people come from ...? 156 back at the field 2.56 only a few player be leave on the field . ray we be keep this field . annie you bet you ass we be . Ray realize shoeless Joe be stare at he , with a shit -eate grin on he face . ray what .. shoeless Joe just keep smile . ray what be you grin at , you ghost ? shoeless joe ' if you build it ... he nod toward where the catcher be take off he gear at home plate . shoeless joe ' .he will come . ' Ray look at the catcher . the hair on the back of he neck begin to stand up . ray oh , my God . annie what be it ? ray its my father . 113 157 the young catcher have take off he mask . he be in he early twenty . he be in the same pose as the photo we see in the prologue . 158 ray and shoeless joe Ray blanch and turn to shoeless Joe , he voice a strangle whisper . ray say it be not so , - Joe . shoeless joe I be afraid it be , kid . the catcher be now walk toward Ray . ray ( finally understanding ) ' ease he pain ... ' shoeless joe ( smile and nod ) ' go the distance . ' when he say that word , shoeless Joe sound just like the Voice . ray it be you . 159 shoeless joe 159 shoeless joe no , Ray . it be you . shoeless joe wink and walk away , disappear through the door in the outfield fence . 160 ray and annie 160 the catcher be halfway across the field . Ray turn to Annie . he can not even swallow . ray my God , I only see he later , when he be wear down by life . look at he . the young catcher have reach the outfield grass . Ray walk down to the edge of the outfield . continued 114 160 continued 160 ray he have he whole life in front of he , and I be not even a glint in he eye . what do I say to he ? annie introduce he to he granddaughter . Ray can not believe how wonderful Annie be . the catcher have reach the edge of the field , and now stand before Ray and Annie . catcher hi , I just want to thank you folk for put up the field and let we play here . I be John kinsella . they shake he hand . ray I be Ray . my wife Annie . and this be my daughter , karin . ( to karin ) karin , this be ... he almost say " my father . " ray karin JOHN Ray and Annie be beam . Annie take karin 's hand . annie we be go to let you two talk . I have to go look after we guest . someone 's gotta start collect admission if we be go to keep this place . ( to the catcher ) very nice meeting you . JOHN m ' be . 161 annie 161 hoist karin up and tote she toward the tourist wait in front of the house . 115 162 ray and JOHN 162 watch they for a while , then start to , stroll across the field . ray you catch a good game . JOHN thank you . it 's so beautiful here . its like - well for I , it 's like a dream come true . Ray can not speak . he nod . JOHN can I ask you something ? again , Ray nod . JOHN be this heaven ? Ray smile and shake he head no . ray it 's Iowa . JOHN Iowa . I could have swear this be heaven . 163 ray 16 3 stop and look intently at John . he ask this question as if he be ask the secret of life . maybe he be . ray be there a heaven ? 164 JOHN 164 take time to answer that . he look up at the night sky and search it . JOHN oh , yeah ... then he look square into Ray 's eye . JOHN Heaven 's where dream come true . 116 165 ray 165 look toward the house and see he wife and daughter on the veranda , a moon bright as butter silvering the night above they . he smile . he finally understand . he turn back to John and nod . ray then maybe this be heaven . 166 JOHN 166 smile wisely in return . JOHN well ... good night , Ray . ray good night . 167 master 167 John start to walk off toward the door in the outfield fence . ray hey ! John turn back . Ray be hold a ball . ray you wanna have a catch ? John close he eye for a second , and when he open they ; there be the hint of moisture . do he know Ray be he son ? JOHN I would like that . Ray toss he the ball , pick up a glove lie there , and put it on . they throw the ball back and forth . and as we pull up higher and higher we see a father and son bath by white floodlight and car headlight ... on the silent , satiny green of a baseball diamond at the edge of a cornfield . fade out the end