50/50 by will reiser shoot script ext . seattle - day it 's a unusually clear winter day as the peak of mount rainier look down on the avenue and harbor of Seattle . adam lerner ( 27 ) jog through the street of Seattle . the morning mist envelop the pier . Adam 's ipod blare in he ear as he pass the fish market . Adam arrive at a street corner . ahead , a '' do not walk '' sign blink . so he do . running in place , Adam look from side to side . there 's not a car , person or thing in sight this early in the morning . he look again at the orange hand , urging he to stop . another jogger run up behind Adam , and disobey the crosswalk , run past he and across the street . Adam continue to wait for the light to change . the light go green . he cross . int . shower - moment later Adam try to squirt shampoo into he hand , but the bottle be empty . he look over at a large assortment of woman 's product , grab the first one - fructis by l’oreal - and squirt some into he hair . he proceed to lather he entire body in the product . int . bedroom - moment later Adam dress in front of the mirror . his outfit be well put - together . he pull out a lint brush and meticulously comb he cardigan . rachael ( 24 ) , wear she oversize '' keep tahoe blue '' shirt , enter the bedroom brush she tooth . adam so be you stay over tonight ? rachael uh ... not sure . there be a couple of gallery opening I want to check out . rachael go through Adam 's drawer look for something . rachael ( cont ’d ) I be so nervous about my show . I still have so much work to do . ( more ) ( continued ) continued : rachael ( cont ’d ) I need two more painting and everything I have be come up with be completely derivative of what I have be see at the henry. ( confuse ) where 's my stuff ? adam it 's in you drawer . rachael ( honore ) I have a drawer ? adam ( sheepish ) yeah , I just figure I would put some of you thing ... there be not anything in the drawer . well there be a few thing , but I just move they to a different one because ... it make sense that way . rachael ( touch ) awwwww . honey . we be get so domestic . sfx : a car horn . ext . adam' house - same time Kyle sit in he car front of Adam 's house , he seat recline , he eye squeeze shut , hungover . he honk the horn again , wince at the noise . int . bedroom - same time Adam rush to gather he thing . adam ( cont 'd ) good luck with the painting . he move to she , lean in - despite she mouth full of toothpaste . rachael oops , I have get toothpaste in my mouth . she wipe it off he nose . he give she a small kiss . ( continued ) continued : rachael ( cont ’d ) have a good day . adam ( big smile ) bye . int . kyle 's car - continuous Adam get into the car . kyle yo ! adam sorry I be late . Kyle sniff the air . kyle ... what 's that smell ? ( sniff Adam ) do you sit in jam or something ? adam what be you talk about ? kyle you smell all fruity . adam no. ( smell himself ) I run out of shampoo . I have to use rachael 's . kyle well , you smell like you fuck the cast of '' the View '' . Adam look at he watch . adam be we gonna go ? we be gonna be late . kyle if you really care about be on time , you should probably learn how to drive . adam I deserve that . ( continued ) continued : kyle you know what 's really go to make we late ? when I stop for cappuccino . adam no , no , no . we have coffee at work . kyle delicious cappuccino . Kyle drive off . int . coffee shop - later Adam and Kyle stand in line . Kyle watch as Adam yawn repeatedly . he look exhaust . kyle back still hurt ? adam yeah , I be go to see the doctor today . kyle have you be fuck in weird position ? adam of course that 's where you have to go with it . kyle sometimes it happen when I try new position - like I try froggy style for a while ; fuck up my back . adam '' froggy style '' ? I do not even want to ask what that be . kyle it 's kind of like doggy style but you get way higher up . adam ( beat ) we have not do it in three week . ( continued ) continued : kyle ( shocked ) you have not have sex in three week !? adam well , she have a yeast infection , and then she have she period . kyle you can fuck on a yeast infection . adam no , it hurt . kyle it do ? adam well , that 's what she say . kyle I think that 's bullshit . adam no , I have hear that before . kyle have she be suck on you dick , give you blow job ? adam no , she do not like to . kyle ( a little upset ) no fuck shit she do not like to ! who like put dick in they mouth ? that 's why they call they job ! adam do not get hysterical , it 's not that big a deal . kyle I be not hysterical . she stay at you house all the time . she leave she fuck shit everywhere . you clean it up . you be a nice person . the least she can do be felate you . ext . STREET - moment later Kyle and Adam walk down the sidewalk . Adam 's a few step ahead , walk at a hurried pace as Kyle take he time , sip he coffee . they Kyle int . Adam pass kyle you put up with a lot of shit when you date a hot girl . truthfully , that 's why if you recall in high school I do not date any hot girl . adam that 's why ? kyle yes . that 's why . adam well , we be not in high school anymore . the relationship I have with rachael be about more than sex . kyle ( condescending ) what be it about , Adam ? adam we care about each other -- talk to each other . kyle would not it be nice if you could do that and bang the hell out of each other afterwards ? walk up the front step of seattle public radio . adam ideally , yes . but it 's not a perfect world , ok ?... can you hurry up please ? stop and lean over . kyle ugh ... just get to tie my shoe . seattle public radio - day and Kyle enter the office of Seattle Public Radio . they jenny at the reception desk . Kyle shoot she a smile . ( continued ) continued : kyle Morning Jenny . she ignore he . as they continue , Seth look over at Adam nervously bite on he finger nail . kyle that 's so gross man . you should not do that . phil ( 40 ) , Adam and Kyle 's boss , pass by . phil Kyle ... Adam . kyle and adam hey phil . adam ( worried ) sorry we be late . phil look at he watch , not even aware of the time . phil huh . look at that , you be late . do not do that . adam listen , I want to talk to you about the volcano piece , it 's come along really well , I have do all the research and interview - phil great . adam yeah but the narration be turn into a bit of a problem . whoever do it , he keep clear he throat and he do not pause , he just keep talk - there be not any edit point . if he have just stop and clear he throat I could cut around it , but he do not -- phil 's cell phone ring . phil cool . kyle yeah , grab that . ( continued ) continued : ( 2 ) phil pull out he blackberry and walk off , ignore the conversation . adam ok . I be just go to -- Adam and Kyle watch phil walk away . Adam turn to Kyle . adam it 's like he do not care . kyle it 's like we get to put shit on the air . and it 's pointless to spend month work on something that someone 's go to hear for two second stop at a red light . adam I like it when my work be good . kyle good luck with that . int . adam' cubicle - later Adam sit at he desk , head phone on , editing he volcano story on Pro-Tool . he meticulously edit the same audio point over and over . he cringe at the deafen sound of Kyle 's laughter across the office . kyle ( into phone ) you be in Wale ? so do that make you welsh ? or wale-ish ? Adam look at Kyle in annoyance . kyle ok . World Music ... can you hear I ? you sound like a robot ... do it sound weird to you ? it sound weird to I ... adam you have to be quieter , I be -- Kyle be oblivious to Adam . kyle I say you sound like a robot ... wait , wait , wait . go back . ( more ) ( continued ) continued : kyle ( cont would ) it 's unbelievable . I know . I do not know what ' World Music 's be either ! annoy , Adam imitate Kyle to himself . adam ( as Kyle ) I be such a fuck asshole . I be the king of the world , suck my dick . I hear Adam have not get he dick suck in six fuck month . ext . pacific general hospital - later Adam step off a bus and walk toward the hospital 's vast sunlit entryway . he enter through the slide double door , eventually disappear into the din of the crowd . int . dr . ross 's office - later Adam leaf through a pamphlet on incontinence when the pedantic dr . ross enter . dr . ross ( curt ) hi. Dr. Ross look over Adam 's chart , examine he mri scan , and pull out a dictaphone - dr . ross ( into the dictaphone ) patient have be complain of back pain , and night sweat . blood test and urine analysis be normal . mri suggest a massive intradural malignant schwannoma neurofibrosarcoma extend into psoa muscle with nerve root compression syndrome and bone erosion . we see Adam 's face gradually look more and more confuse . he slowly begin to raise he arm as if to ask a question . dr . ross ( cont 'd ) growth extend from the L2 to l5 . will send patient for biopsy to confirm . Dr. Ross turn to see Adam hold he arm in the air . ( continued ) continued : dr . ross ( cont 'd ) yes ? adam I be so sorry , I do not follow that . be there something wrong with I ? dr . ross ( point to mri ) if you look here on you mri , you see this cephalopod - like object spread down along you spinal column ? Adam squint . it all look the same . DR. ross ( cont ’d ) that be a massive schwannoma neurofibrosarcoma . adam I be sorry , I still do not -- dr . ross it 's a malignant tumor . adam a tumor ? dr . ross yes. adam me? dr . ross yes. adam that do not make sense ... I do not smoke . I do not drink . I recycle ... dr . ross well you case it 's actually quite fascinating . you cancer be the result of a incredibly rare gene mutation in chromosome 17 p in the p53 gene that cause the growth of malignant cell in tissue around the nerve . in you case it 's grow along the nerve in you lower spine . Adam walk over to the window and peer out . ( continued ) continued : ( 2 ) dr . ross people can go year without know they be sick . we be lucky we catch it before it metastasize . give the placement and size of you particular tumor , the wisest course of action be to see if we can possibly reduce this thing down to a more managable size . ( beat ) I be go to put you on a four month regimen of chemotherapy . ( beat ) now chemotherapy can result in fertility issue -- adam but I be go to be okay ? Dr. Ross put on he best act of reassurance . his word be seemingly genuine ; he tone be anything but . DR. ross ( cont 'd ) if you need to talk to someone ... we have a excellent staff of social worker and psychologist here in the hospital . they specialize in case ... in this ... sort of matter . they 's 1ll be able to help you . Dr. Ross continue to talk as Adam look out of the window . int . adam' office - dusk close on a computer screen : '' neurofibromasarcoma schwannoma be a malignant or cancerous form of schwanoma . treatment form : chemotherapy and Radiation . surgical resection prove to be most effective . risk of surgery : amputation of limb . paralysis . death . it be a rare tumor type , with a relatively poor prognosis . patient response to treatment will vary base on age , health , and the tolerance to medication and therapy . 5 Year survival rate : 50 % . 5 year survival rate after metastasis : 0 % . '' ( continued ) continued : he stare at the screen . this be not good . everyone else be leave for the day , shutting off light . Adam stay , immobile and alone . int . bus - night Adam sit deep in think - or in shock - hard to tell . the dusky pink sky of Seattle streak by through tinted glass . int . adam' house . live room - evening Adam and rachael be on the couch , she eye fill with tear . rachael oh Adam ... adam listen . I do not expect you to take this on . it 's not like we be marry or anything . if you have to bail , bail . ( off she look ) I hope you will not -- I mean , I want you with I . but if you have to -- she look at he , into he eye , close hers : rachael I be not go to bail on you , Adam . she lean over , hug he . rachael ( cont ’d ) I be here for you . adam thank you . rachael rub Adam 's back . rachael it 's go to be okay . rachael lean in and put she forehead against Adam 's . rachael everything 's go to be okay . ext . coffee shop - morning Adam and Kyle stand outside the coffee shop . Kyle look sick . kyle I be go to throw up . adam do not throw up -- you will be fine . kyle I actually think I be go to throw up . adam you be not go to throw up . kyle I be go to throw up . adam just open you eye ... look at I . alright ? they both take a deep breath . kyle what kind of cancer be it ? adam it 's something rare . kyle well , what 's it call ? adam schwanoma something ... kyle ( confuse ) schwanoma ?... what 's schwanoma ? adam that mean tumor basically . kyle do you have a picture of it , can I see it ? adam why would I have a picture of it ? ( continued ) continued : kyle it 's common practice to fuck get picture of shit now ! adam it do not look like anything , it 's just a lump . kyle well be you go to be okay ? what be you odd ? adam I do not know , I look it up and it say 50 / 50 , but that 's the internet so ... Kyle sigh in relief . kyle ( upbeat ) that 's not that bad . that 's better than I think . you be go to be fine . you be young ... people beat cancer all the time . every celebrity beat cancer . lance armstrong , he keep get it . adam yeah . kyle the guy from '' dexter '' ? he 's ok . Patrick swayze ; he 's fine . adam Patrick swayze ? kyle and he 's older . adam but dude , that guy 's dead . Kyle look at Adam in shock . kyle really ? adam yeah . ( continued ) continued : ( 2 ) kyle that 's really fuck up . I do not know that . ( beat ) do not even think about he ... do not worry about that . you get to look at the bright side here -- adam the bright side of what ? kyle you will be fine . Kyle quickly try to change the subject . kyle what do you parent say ? do they freak out ? adam oh , I ...they ... I be not go to tell they . kyle you be not go to tell they ? you have get to tell they . you mom x11 probably deal with it better than most people ... you dad have Alzheimer 's . adam yeah , but you know how she get . kyle you have to tell she . adam ( concede ) I know . i’1l tell she . Kyle take another deep breath . kyle you will be fine . 50/50 ! if you be a casino game you have have the best odd ! Kyle pat Adam 's shoulder . adam yeah . thanks . ( continued ) continued : ( 3 ) kyle good talk . Kyle begin walk away from the coffee shop . adam you do not want coffee ? kyle I be awake now . ext . adam' house - day Adam 's mother , diane lerner ( 58 ) , step out of she car and onto the curb where she 's greet by she son . adam hi Mom . diane hi honey ! she give Adam a big hug and kiss . base on he body language , it 's clear Diane 's very existence annoys the shit out of Adam . richard lerner ( 60 ) wander out from behind Diane . on first glance he seem like a perfectly normal middle age man , but on closer examination it 's clear that Alzheimer 's have alter he sense of reality . he extend he hand to Adam . adam hi dad . richard hi , I be Richard . diane ( to Richard ) this be Adam -- you son . remember ? Adam shake he dad 's hand and give he a awkward pat on the shoulder . it 's clear Richard make Adam uncomfortable . richard Adam ... meanwhile , rachael stand on the porch , awkward smile plaster on she face . rachael , ( from porch ) hil ( continued ) continued : Diane politely nod and wave in she direction as she and Adam walk toward the house . diane so what 's the big news ? adam it 's nothing ... i’1l1 tell you inside . diane ( cont 'd ) she 's not pregnant ? Adam stop , turn and look at he mother . adam Mom ! diane I know , I know , you use protection . Adam cringe , totally mortify . he stare at she for a beat then turn and walk into the house , shaking he head . as Diane follow behind she notice the paint on Adam 's porch be chipping . diane ( cont 'd ) you need to talk to you landlord about painting this . adam it 's fine . Adam roll he eye and walk : inside Diane follow after he . diane ( cont 'd ) just give I he number and I will call he . Diane notice a abstract painting hang on the wall above the tv . diane that 's new . adam rachael make it for I ... it 's call '' oppression '' . ( continued ) continued : ( 2 ) rachael lean over and correct he . rachael '' Liberation '' . adam that 's right ! that one 's '' Liberation '' . '' oppression '' be in the bathroom . Diane feign a smile , try to seem impressed . diane Nice . rachael thank you . int . adam' house . dine room - evening Adam , rachael , Diane , and Richard sit at the dinner table , eat pizza . Diane hand Richard a fistfull of pill . Richard take the pill , put they in he mouth and swallow . he smile ... Diane scan the house . diane so , what 's the special occasion ? Adam hesitates . adam I need to tell you something . but , before I do , you have to promise I you be go to stay calm . diane oh Adam , do not be so overdramatic . adam Mom , just promise I . okay ? diane I promise ... you make I out to be some kind of irrational loon . adam have you ever see '' term of endearment '' ? rachael oh , Jesus , Adam ... just tell she . ( continued ) continued : diane tell I what ? here go nothing . Adam nod . adam ( mumble ) I have cancer . diane what do you mean , '' I have cancer '' ? adam I have cancer . what do you want I to say ? diane when do this happen ? adam ( reluctant ) I find out a few day ago . diane a few day ago ?! you wait a few day to tell I ?! adam I be sorry . diane honey . Diane 's face literally crumple . she try to compose herself . diane ( beat ) I be move in . adam what ? no. absolutely not . diane I be you mother Adam . adam you already have enough on you plate with dad . diane who 's go to take care of you ? you can not even drive ! who 's go to take you to you appointment ? ( continued ) continued : ( 2 ) Adam look over at Rachel , who notice . rachael ( hesitates ) me. I will . I be go to take care of he . Diane sit motionless for what seem like a eternity . the only indication that she 's not dead be the movement of she index finger , which twitches uncontrollably . Adam sit uneasy , try to anticipate he mother 's next move . adam ( cont 'd ) Mom ? Diane calmly rise from she seat and head to the : kitchen Adam follow after she : adam ( cont 'd ) Mom , what be you do ? Diane light the stove , put up a kettle : diane I be make you green tea . adam please , will you come sit down ? Diane hold up the package of Green tea . diane I see on '' the today show '' that it reduce you risk of get cancer by fifteen percent . adam well -- I already have cancer . Adam put he arm on he mother 's shoulder . adam please come back to the table . Diane hug he and begin to weep . int . hospital corridor - day Adam walk down the corridor and stop at a reception desk . ( continued ) continued : adam I be look for Dr. mckay ? the attendant silently point to a office a few door down . int . hospital office - continuous the office be a pit of chaos ; small with stack of psychology book and file strewn about . a attractive young woman , katherine ( 24 ) , sit on the couch read a file while she eat a rather messy sandwich . she , like she office , be scattered in appearance . she take a bite of she sandwich as Adam poke he head in the door . she look up - katherine ( mouth full of food ) can I help you ? adam I have a appointment with Dr. mckay . katherine oh ... please come in ... Katherine remove she file from the couch , while awkwardly balance she sandwich on top . she rise and put she hand out to shake Adam 's - he reluctantly shake it . katherine .-- and please , call I Katherine . adam ( confuse ) you be Dr. mckay ? katherine I be . have a sit. ( correct herself ) sit down please . Katherine wrap up she sandwich and put the rest away . Adam look she up and down . adam be not you suppose to be like sixty - five and wear earth - tone sweater ? katherine ( slightly defensive ) why ? do someone say that 's what I look like ? ( continued ) continued : adam no. but , if you do not mind ... how old be you ? katherine ( put off ) twenty -four . adam twenty -four ? what be you like doogie howser ? katherine who ? adam doogie howser ... off Katherine 's blank look . adam ( cont 'd ) ... the teenage doctor . katherine do he work here ? adam no. nevermind ... but be not you too young to be a doctor ? katherine ( almost laugh ) oh , technically I be not a doctor yet . I wish . I be actually work on my doctorate . ( off Adam 's look , try to be serious ) this be a training hospital . adam I see ... so have you have many patient ? katherine my patient history be not -- adam ( shocked ) I be you first patient , be not I ? katherine no . not at all . ( continued ) continued : ( 2 ) adam you second ? adam ( cont 'd ) third . Katie look at he in silent acceptance . Adam 's eye widen with concern : adam ( cont 'd ) how be the first two do ? Katherine do not answer . she bite she tongue . katherine can not talk about that . adam and this be like part of you training ? katherine it will be part of my dissertation . but , do not worry I be not gonna use you real name . adam ( uncomfortable ) okay . I guess that 's fine . a awkward beat . Katherine pull Adam 's file : katherine so , Dr. Ross fill I in on you situation . this must be incredibly difficult . Adam shrug . katherine ( cont 'd ) how be you feel ? adam you know , honestly , I feel fine . I have actually never be more calm . katherine ( proud of herself ) that 's a very common symptom find in patient like yourself . right now you body be in survival mode . what you be actually experience be shock ... ( continued ) continued : ( 3 ) adam no , I think I be fine . katherine ... that 's why you feel that sense of calm . would you describe what you be feel as a kind of '' numbness '' ? adam I would describe it as fine . katherine because certain patient -- adam ( defiant ) I feel great . Katherine bite she tongue . Adam nod , katherine wonderful , I think that 's wonderful -- if it 's alright with you , today I would like to start with some very simple relaxation exercise . tense . adam but I be relaxed . katherine I know you be . but if you want to lie down ... adam lie down ? katherine yeah . Adam clearly do not trust she , but lie down . Katherine press play on she laptop - play new agey meditation music . katherine and close you eye . adam really ? ( continued ) continued : ( 4 ) katherine yeah , for this to work , you be gonna have to trust I . Adam close he eye . adam they be close . katherine ok . match CUT to : rachael ( 0.s. ) no peek ... keep you eye close . int . adam' house - night Adam be in the live room with he eye close . rachael ok . open you eye . Adam open he eye to see rachael stand next to a very old and giant greyhound . the dog stand motionless . rachael ( cont ’d ) surprise ! Adam 's excitement quickly dissipate . rachael his name be skeletor . he 's a retire race dog . adam you get I a old dog ? rachael he 's not that old . adam well , he 's old enough to be retire . the dog continue to stand motionless . rachael have a dog help with the heal process . ( continued ) continued : adam why , do he have a medical license ? rachael forget it . I can bring he back to the shelter in the morning . adam well what 's go to happen to he ? rachael he will be put back in he tiny cage with ten other dog who will bully , and rape he , until he 's eventually euthanize . beat . adam Fine , I ’1ll keep the dog . rachael really ? rachael 's face light up . rachael this be go to be so good for you , I promise . Adam grumble to himself . int . seattle public radio - night it 's Adam 's go away party . draped across the entrance be a '' bon voyage '' banner with a image of a Cruise ship . Jenny stand to the side cry as Kyle console she . kyle this whole party be my idea . think maybe we could just celebrate he life . jenny he 's go to get better , right ? ( continued ) continued : kyle I hope so . but , tonight I think it have be best if we do not think about whether he get better or not . we should be celebrate the Adam we all know and love . Kyle steal a quick glimpse of Jenny 's cleavage . Adam stand in the middle of the party with joe . joe start chemo yet ? Adam stand with ted . ted so what kind of cancer you Adam stand with susan . susan want to know the secret to this thing ? Adam stand with greg . greg my uncle have what you get .. Kyle 's with Jenny who 's still cry . she arm . kyle I like to be touch when phil embrace Adam . phil ( sentimental ) I be gonna miss you so much . cur cur get ? cur beat cur CUT back after a beat , he iocry . cur to : to : to : to : to : rub to : ( continued ) continued : ( 2 ) adam ( uncomfortable ) I be go to miss you too phil . phil lean he head on Adam 's shoulder . adam hey , phil --? phil yeah , buddy . adam I want you to know , I be still go to finish that mount moha moha story . phil take as much time as you need ... I can not wait to hear it . phil continue to hold Adam . int . rachael 's car - day rachael 's prius , which be cover in various save - the- World type bumper sticker , be park in front of the hospital . Adam turn to she . adam I just want to say that you have be really great the past couple of week . thanks for the ride . and breakfast . rachael thanks for say that . Adam open the passenger side door , and as he get out , rachael yell after he . rachael Adam . he turn back and stick he head in the door . adam you come ? she shake she head hesitantly . ( continued ) continued : rachael if it 's cool , I will just wait here . adam it 's go to take four hour . rachael I know . adam you be gonna sit here for four hour ? rachael honey , I do not want to mix that world and this world . it 's like a energy thing , you know ? adam ( confuse ) right . she give he a kiss . rachael good luck ! rachael watch Adam as he walk off into the hospital . int . hospital - day a small group of patient , include Adam , sit in the wait room . GEORGE , a tall male nurse of bahamian descent , call out - GEORGE Adam lerner . Adam stand . adam yep . Adam follow George into the : int . elevator —- continuous the door slowly close as they ride down into the bowel of the hospital . int . cancer ward - continuous walk through the long ominous hall of the hospital basement , Adam pass dozen of sick patient who be be shuttle into Radiation therapy , chemotherapy and other various treatment room . a sick , fat , bald elderly woman cough as she pass . Adam wince in disgust . GEORGE ( cont 'd ) this way my baby . George lead Adam into a chemotherapy treatment room . int . hospital . chemotherapy room - later Adam be seat in a plush leather chair where he 's hook into a chemo drip . he 's surround by three other patient . a 74 year old man , who munch on macaroon , a middle aged bald man , and a bald woman , who knit as she listen to music on she headphone , a Zen look on she face . alan ( 84 ) , sit next Adam , whisper to he : alan ( to Adam ) want a macaroon ? adam thanks . I be alright . Adam look down to see that Alan be hold box of macaroon . alan ( whisper ) there 's weed in ‘em . Adam look to the middle age man , mitch ( 55 ) , who smile at Adam as he pop a macaroon in he mouth . adam I do not do weed . alan c’mon . just get high with we ! Adam reluctantly eat a macaroon . Mitch lean over , stone as hell . mitch how old be you ? adam twenty -seven . ( continued ) continued : alan that 's just the worst ? a perfectly good youth waste . mitch Alan , stop it . do not listen to he , he 's just mess with you . alan ( to Adam ) listen to I , this cancer be bull shit . first you hair 's go to fall out , then you ball 's 11 shrink . and if that be not enough , you dick become a constant source of disappointment . Alan and Mitch laugh like two teenager . adam I get to tell you , I be really nervous about this whole cancer thing , and then I meet you guy , and boy do I feel better . Alan and Mitch laugh . alan ( to Adam ) I be Alan lombardo : stage 3 lymphoma . please to meet you . mitch Mitch barnett , metastatic prostate cancer . adam oh , I be Adam lerner , schwannoma neurofibrosarcoma . alan what the fuck be that ? mitch tough break . the more syllable , the worse it be . Alan and Mitch laugh . Adam pop another macaroon in he mouth . adam this be really good . ( continued ) continued : ( 2 ) mitch thanks , my wife make ‘em . adam ( chew ) ... - how strong be they ? alan stroooong . Adam sit back and close he eye . upbeat music swell ... int . hospital corridor - later Adam walk in slow motion down the same ominous corridor he enter through before . only it 's no longer ominous to he . he wear a big huge goofy smirk on he face as he pass : --a sick man on a gurney -- a old lady wheeze --a body bag be carte on a gurney --a family cry Adam stop , stare at all the misery around and laugh ... int . adam' bedroom - night Adam jolt out of bed . his clothes be drench in sweat . he quickly run into the bathroom and throw up . a lot . rachael wake up , and know she should go to he , but can not . instead , she faintly call out - rachael Adam , you okay ? Adam say nothing , he just slump over the toilet seat and throw up again . int . hospital office - next day Adam look and feel terrible . his head pound , cause he to rub it . Katherine sit in the chair next to he . her tone be a little rigid - mask she lack of experience . katherine so how be you feel after you first treatment ? ( continued ) continued : adam it feel pretty bad , gotta say . my head be kill I . katherine ( empathetic ) yeah I know . from what I understand it can be pretty rough . but it will pass . she pat Adam on the arm . her intention be to set Adam at ease , but the act just make he more uncomfortable . startle , he back away . adam uh...huh . katherine I think it 's important to remember that this side effect be very normal . adam good . I have hate to think I be special in any way . katherine ( nervous ) that 's not what I mean . I be just try to reassure you . adam ( terse ) well , thanks . katherine I be sense some anger . which be good . adam I be not angry . ( beat ) why be that good ? katherine because you be express yourself . you be deal with a really serious illness . that bring up a lot of emotion . adam you be try to make I freak out , right ? that 's the goal here ? ( continued ) continued : ( 2 ) katherine I be not try to make you freak out . I just want you to get in touch with what 's go on inside . and if you be angry -- adam ( angry ) I be not angry ... let 's do the relaxation thing ... can we do that ? I want to hear some sitar . go to my happy place and feel the warm of beam of light . can we do that ? Katherine 's a little shake by Adam 's outburst . he feel bad - although that outburst do feel kind of good . katherine I see ... adam ( cont 'd ) ( beat ) I be sorry ... I be be a asshole . I do not mean to say that . Katherine regains she foot . Adam nod , katherine I do not need you to take care of I . ( smile ) I be try to take care of you . hesitant . Katherine exhales and scribbles on a piece of paper : katherine ( cont 'd ) listen , there 's a few book I have like you to read . a lot of people find they really helpful . you do not have to read they cover - to-cover . just take a look to see if they resonate . she pat she hand on Adam 's shoulder . adam I be sorry , be you go to keep touch I like that ? katherine what ? this ? ( continued ) continued : ( 3 ) Katherine put she hand back on Adam 's shoulder . Adam pull away . adam yeah . that . katherine ( frustrated ) I be try to help you feel more at ease . Adam imitate Katherine 's touch . adam that 's suppose to make I feel more at ease ? it 's like be slap by a sea otter . katherine touch promote trust . it 's one of the key way that hospital practitioner can help patient feel more secure in stressful situation . adam that 's , um , it 's not -- comforting . sorry . katherine really , sea otter ? be this better ? Katherine try again . this time it 's too gentle . adam now it 's just get creepy . int . adam' bathroom -— day Adam stand in front of the mirror . Kyle stand behind he , tie a towel around he neck . kyle I think you be make a big , big mistake . please do not do this . adam what be you talk about ? kyle what if you have some weird Gorbachev bird shit thing on you head ? ( continued ) continued : adam I think you like this idea ? kyle I like the idea in theory . now that we be stand here about to do it , I be a little worried you be go to look like fuck Michael stipe . adam we have to do it . kyle I be not go to do it ! adam you say you would ! kyle I change my mind - because if it look bad , you 's 1ll blame I every time you see you weird screw up bald head . Adam grab the pair of clipper and go in for the shave . he pause . adam wait ... what do you use this for ? Adam 's eye widen . kyle you know , my body . adam when be the last time you clean it ? Kyle wipe the clipper on he shirt . kyle right now . Adam take the clipper and proceed to shave he head . Kyle cover he eye in horror . kyle fuck ! dude ! Holy shit ! after a beat , Kyle grab the trimmer and join in . once finish , Adam look at he bald head in the mirror . ( continued ) continued : ( 2 ) adam it look okay , right ? kyle no . it look really weird . adam why do not we go to a barber ? kyle that would have be a much better idea -- if we have pay someone to do it . adam instead of use you ball trimmer - kyle and I never wash they , ever . and it 's not my ball , it 's my asshole .... I be joke ... adam you be not joke . kyle no , I be not . int . hospital . chemotherapy room - day Adam , Alan and Mitch sit in they chair , attach to they chemo drip . Adam look slightly worn . mitch how come we have never meet rachael ? alan yeah . what the fuck ? adam Hospitals kind of freak she out . Alan and Mitch look at each other and groan . adam what ? mitch ( be delicate ) well Adam , no one like go to the hospital . that 's not why people go -- ( continued ) continued : Adam look at he . adam no , you do not get it . she do not want the negative mixing with the positive ... it 's a energy thing . alan sound to I like a bullshit thing . Adam take this in . adam you guy can meet she after . she 's pick I up . I be sure she have like to meet you all ... she 's really great , you guy . alan ( not convinced ) okay . ext . hospital parking lot - dusk Adam , stand next to Mitch and Alan , be on he cell phone . adam hey it 's I again , just check to see if you be close ... talk to you soon . he hang up the phone . alan sure you do not need a ride , kid ? adam oh no , she 's gonna come . I be sure she 's just catch up with something . you guy should head out , you can meet she next time . alan yeah . sure . Alan and Mitch give he a sympathetic look at Adam and then walk off together . ext . hospital - night Adam 's seat on the step out front . he look exhaust . rachael 's prius speed into the parking lot and stop in front of he . rachael Adam ! I know . do not be mad . I be sorry . please you fuck adam I have be call you for a hour . rachael my cell phone die . adam you do not have to do this , know . rachael ( remorseful ) I be sorry . I be . I know , I up . adam I even give you a out . rachael I be do my best ... can we home ? just go Adam get in the car , piss , and they drive off . int . bookstore . self help section - day Adam and Kyle browse through shelf of book . Adam consult Katherine 's list of book . Kyle grab the book , and rather then hand it to Adam , he read the author 's bio on the back jacket of the book . kyle ( in excitement ) '' kasper schlegel be a american ' medical intuitive 's and ' mystic psychiatrist 's '' . ' mystic psychiatrist 's ? what be he like frodo 's psychiatrist ? why would you buy that ? ( continued ) continued : adam because my therapist say I should - ( shrug ) I do not know . Kyle ditch the book and pick up one on mardi gras . kyle ( cont 'd ) let 's go to mardi gras ! adam I have a girlfriend , why would I go to mardi gras ? kyle oh yeah , you girlfriend , I forget . why go to mardi gras when you could be here , not get hand job and blow job ? from across the store , Kyle notice claire ( 30 ) , a attractive employee stack book . kyle ( frustrated ) well if you be not go to take advantage of this , then I be . Kyle yank the list of book from Adam and cross to Claire . he throw on a charming smile . kyle ( cont 'd ) hi- notice Claire 's name tag . kyle Claire . Kyle . could you help I find a few book , please ? claire sure . Kyle hand Claire the list of book title . she read . claire oh. ( concerned ) be this for you ?... I be sorry it 's none of my business . ( continued ) continued : ( 2 ) kyle no , thank God . actually , they be for my friend . the little guy in the hat . Kyle nod towards Adam across the room . kyle he 's my buddy , he 's really , really sick . Claire shoot Adam a look - the way one look at a die puppy . Adam look on in confusion . claire how awful . kyle yeah . he have ' type four back Cancer 's - not cool . claire poor guy . kyle I know . it 's be really hard . ( feign sadness ) but I do not focus on that , I focus on the positive , by take he out to book store . I like to take he for walk . Plays . while he have time . claire that 's so nice of you . Claire lead Kyle off to a stack of book . int / ext . bookstore - later as Adam and Kyle exit the bookstore , they pass Claire . kyle ( to Claire ) I will see you tonight . then as they exit , and walk along the sidewalk , Kyle can not help but boast of he achievement ; rub it in Adam 's face . kyle thank you , Claire ! Nice to meet you , Claire ! int . adam' live room - night Adam 's lie on the couch with a cold washcloth on he head watch tv . the phone ring . he snatch it , check caller id : '' Mom '' . he press '' ignore '' . he check he recent call . the screen read '' mom. mom. mom. mom. Mom . '' on cue , he land line ring . frustrate , he answer . adam what , Mom ? diane 's voice Jesus , what take so long to pick up ? be you okay ? adam I be fine . I do not hear the phone ring . diane 's voice do you need anything ? I be about to go to the rite - Aid for you father ... you want I to come over ? I can bring dinner . I can make macaroni and cheese . adam Mom , I have not like macaroni and cheese since I be like ten . ( soften ) it 's all right , rachael 's go to come over later . diane 's voice you sure ? adam yes . I be totally fine ... in wide shot , Adam sit alone in he house . seemingly not fine . adam ... do not worry so much . diane all right . if you say so . I love you . adam Love you too . int . art gallery - night a hip gallery open . Kyle and Claire have drink and stare at awful art . kyle this one be really cool ! claire ( beat ) my friend do this , actually . kyle ( laugh ) no way ! you friend be a real talent . Claire move on to another piece . claire so what do you think of this one ? Kyle turn and look . kyle uh oh ! I think I have a new favorite !... this be genius ... it 's make I a little emotional . just then Kyle see rachael across the crowded room . kyle ( cont 'd ) of course , I should have know I have see she . we be at a fuck gallery open . claire who be she ? kyle you know my best friend , the one who 's sick ? that 's he pretentious girlfriend . they follow rachael as she walk up to a white guy with dreadlock and flirt with he . claire she do not look like someone 's girlfriend . just then rachael give the guy a passionate , deep kiss . ( continued ) continued : kyle fuck ! I know it ! the kiss go on long enough for Kyle to take out he cell phone and snap a picture . kyle ( cont 'd ) ( ecstatic ) I nail that cunt ! ( to Claire ) can you believe it ?! Claire walk away , disgust . Kyle quickly follow after she . kyle sorry - I - uh , do not usually use word like that . int . adam' live room - later Adam be asleep on the couch when he hear rachael come in . adam ( sleepy ) hi. rachael do not mean to wake you . adam ( reach for she ) come here . rachael oh , I be so tired . can we just get into bed ? she hold out a hand to help he up just as Kyle open the front door . kyle hey ! surprise ! it 's Kyle ! what 's happen , guy ? he could not be in a better mood . adam ( confuse ) hey kyle. kyle ( cont 'd ) .-- bad time ? be I interrupt something ? ( continued ) continued : adam well it 's midni - kyle ( cont 'd ) sorry , I be in the neighborhood . I have a date with Claire , the bookstore girl . it do not go well , due to a lack of chemistry and I think a overuse of profanity on my part . but , whilst on my date , I run into - rachael . adam oh yeah ? Kyle pull out he cell phone . kyle ( cont 'd ) I would like to present ... Kyle hold the phone to Adam 's face . kyle ( cont 'd ) exhibit ... whore ! on the camera screen be a very grainy picture of rachael kissing the guy at the gallery . kyle ( cont 'd ) look ! look at it !!! that 's rachael ! and that 's a fuck dirty Jesus look motherfucker , and they be kissing ! I do it ! ( to rachael ) I fucking naile you !!! I have hate you for month ! and now I have evidence that you suck as a person ! Kyle look at Adam and rachael 's silent face . kyle nothing ? ( beat ) you two should probably talk about this ... he step into the kitchen . adam you be cheating on I !? rachael no ! I mean - yes but - ( continued ) continued : ( 2 ) adam seriously ? rachael ( come apart ) Adam - you have no idea how hard it 's be ! I do not know how to do this , and it 's be so stressful , and you have be so sick , and shit , you be the one who tell I Kyle keep use you cancer to get girl ! why should I be the bad guy ? kyle ( 0.s. ) because you be he girlfriend , and you cheat on he while he have cancer , you fuck lunatic ! rachael ( ignore Kyle ) Adam . we have problem long before you get sick . and then when you get sick , I do not know what to do . adam so why be you here ? why do you spend every night in my bed ? rachael ( quietly ) I do not know . I do not want to abandon you . ( beat ) let 's go to bed , we can talk about this tomorrow . speechless , Adam sit on the couch : humiliate , heartbroken , ruin . Kyle re-enter . kyle I can not stay in the kitchen any longer . ( to rachael ) you get to get out of here ! you be make this way too uncomfortable for everyone . just leave ! Kyle lead she to the door . she resist . rachael Adam , we will talk tomorrow . ( continued ) continued : ( 3 ) kyle no you will not ! why would you talk tomorrow ? rachael Adam , I care about you ... Adam . kyle you be reprehensible ! rachael ( to Kyle ) will you shut up ?! ( to Adam ) Kyle do not have you best interest in mind . kyle I do not ? Cause I be pretty sure I be not the one who get catch make out with some disgusting hippie . rachael fuck you ! kyle you be disgusting ! rachael slam the door and leave . int . adam' bedroom - night Adam lie in bed . he look over at rachael 's empty spot . he inhale , feel very alone . just then skeletor jump up and lie down next to he , practically upend the bed . Adam look at he , pet he . ext . STREET - next day Adam and Kyle be out walk skeletor . kyle this be the best thing that could have happen to you . adam why ? ( continued ) continued : just then Adam . kyle you deserve better , way better . if I be you girlfriend , I have be baking you cookie and blow you every thirty minute ... adam what kind of cookie ? kyle any kind . adam would you make I snickerdoodle cookie ? kyle I would bathe you in snickerdoodle . adam this conversation be make I nauseous . kyle actually ? adam no , that be a joke . a attractive girl , bodi , walk a dog approach bodi hi ! what 's he name ? adam skeletor . bodi this be marlowe . kyle why hello marlowe ! bodi you guy live around here ? kyle we sure do . bodi bend over and pet skeletor . ( continued ) continued : ( 2 ) bodi I love greyhound . ( to skeletor ) hellllooo . you be a good ol 's boy . nervous , Adam suddenly get very protective of skeletor . adam we should go , he do not like the cold . ( to bodi ) Nice to meet you . bodi Nice to meet you ! Adam pull skeletor away . the girl continue on she way . kyle you could have fuck that girl , you realize that , do not you ? adam no one want to have sex with I . look at I - I look like voldemort . kyle you could have ask she to go ona doggie date , whipped out the cancer card , fuck the shit out of she ! Adam think - adam you really think a girl 's gonna go for I just because I have cancer ? kyle I know it . help I , help you get laid . adam you think that would work ? kyle it would totally work ! Adam think more . adam let 's do it . int . bar - night the bar be loud and pack with Seattle hipster . with no room to move , Adam and Kyle stand press against the bar counter . the room be hot and Adam 's knit hat be cause he to sweat uncontrollably . Adam scan the crowd - this be definitely not he scene . a very attractive woman lean into the bar . kyle lot 's of hot girl . good odd tonight . ok , over there , blue shirt ? go for it . adam yeah ? kyle just talk , spark up a conversation . attractive woman # 1 ( to the bartender ) one pbr . Adam lean over to the woman , yell above the music : adam how 's it go ? the woman do not even look at he . Kyle lean in . kyle get into the cancer thing faster . adam faster ? kyle it 's you hook man . adam so that 's the first thing I say ? ' hello , I have cancer . 's kyle it 's what set you apart . you be sympathetic . just try it . adam ok . attractive woman # 2 ( 30 ) squeeze in next to he . she drunkenly bob she head to the song as she order a drink . ( continued ) continued : Adam reluctantly look over at the woman . adam ( to the woman ) I love this song . attractive woman # 2 totally . adam I have cancer . Kyle pull Adam away as the girl look on , weird out . kyle I be wrong , I be wrong . do not work like that . it do not sound cool . int . bar - later that night Kyle 's talk to two girl in they mid twenty , allison and jackie . Adam stand alone in the distance . kyle I be Kyle , how 's it go ? allison allison . jackie Jackie . Kyle shake they hand . kyle allison , Jackie . it 's my birthday today . allison happy birthday ! the girl raise they beer and toast Kyle . allison cheer ! kyle I be here with my buddy actually . Kyle point out Adam . ( continued ) continued : jackie the skinny one ? kyle one second . Kyle rush over to Adam . kyle I meet two girl over there . adam be they nice ? kyle they be , very nice . adam let 's talk to they . kyle yeah . take the hat off . adam what ? no. kyle take it off , take it off . adam I be not take it off . int . bar - later that night the bar 's less crowded now . Kyle and Adam be seat in a booth across from allison and Jackie . adam what do you all do ? jackie I just design the website for the Swiffer -- adam ( excited ) be you serious ? sorry , I 'ma fan . I love the Swiffer ! I use it for everything . sweep , mop -- well that 's it really , so not everything . ( continued ) continued : the girl look bored . Adam look at Kyle out of the corner of he eye - kyle ( mouth ) do it . Adam shake he off . adam I just get a dog and he 's always shed , and with the Swiffer all I have to do be attach the wet cloth and boom , I be do . jackie oh , I love dog . what 's he name ? adam skeletor . Adam look back at Kyle then reluctantly pull off he hat , revealing he bald head . adam it 's kind of warm in here , be not it ? jackie ( stunne ) oh wow -- you be bald . adam oh no , it 's just cancer . allison Cancer ? adam but do not worry , I be not contagious . jackie oh my god , what kind of cancer be it ? adam spinal . kyle it 's in he spine . ( continued ) continued : ( 2 ) jackie spinal ? I do not even know that be possible . how would you get that ? adam I do not know , bad mattress ? she laugh . Adam and Kyle look at each other . they be in . kyle he still have a sense of humor ! it 's inspirational ! jackie can I touch it ? be that weird ? kyle you can do more than touch it ! the girl rub Adam 's bald head . jackie this be a very nice head . kyle let 's rub it together . Kyle reach out , also rub Adam 's head . kyle you know , it 'il grow back if you rub it enough . ext . hot dog stand - night Adam slump against a building , as the Jackie and allison , now clearly drunk , order food . Kyle approach . kyle how you do ? you ok ? adam please let I go to sleep . all I want be sleep . kyle no ! do not close you eye . you have get to keep go ! all we have to do be stay awake until they decide to go to sleep , because if we be there when they do , sex will happen . ( beat ) ( more ) ( continued ) continued : kyle ( cont would ) we be so close ... do not waste my time , man ! Adam 's eye flutter . adam I be so tired . can you give I a approximate time I ' 1l be have sex ? kyle in ninety - five minute ... adam I can not wait that long . kyle that 's how long it 'il take ! the girl return with two jumbo hot dog : jackie you guy want to hit up lush ? I know the dj -- adam I think I be actually do for the night . I be pretty exhaust . ( feign ) the chemo really wear you out . Jackie look at he , disappointed . Kyle be incredulous . adam ( beat ) but , I have some really potent medical weed if you want to come over . allison that sound cool . kyle great idea ! let 's get a cab ! psyched beyond belief , Kyle nudge Adam . kyle ( whisper to Adam ) that be pimp ! very impressive . Adam smile at Kyle . int . adam' bedroom . night Jackie and Adam lie in bed . she 's on top of he , eye close screwing he brain out . Adam look miserable . with each thrust , he wince in pain . jackie be I hurt you ? adam no . jackie be you sure ? adam actually , yeah . it do -- jackie sorry , I will just get off you . Jackie roll off he . they lie next to each other awkwardly . int . adam' kitchen - dawn in the rise light of dawn , Adam , in boxer and t-shirt , pour himself some water from a brita . he put it back in the fridge . he turn , enter the int . adam' live room - continuous Kyle and allison lie on the couch , both naked under a blanket , watch a gratuitously violent film on tv . kyle I wonder what the machine gun budget on this film be . allison can we watch something else ? kyle no , I want to see how it end . Adam stand in the doorway . Kyle lock eye with he . Adam 's not happy or sad - just lose . Kyle force a smile . Adam shrug and walk back into the bedroom . montage various doctor 's appointment --cu of a light be shine in Adam 's face . ( continued ) continued : --cu of a doctor 's hand press against Adam 's lymph node . -- cu of a tongue depressor probing Adam 's mouth . --cu as a nurse slide the weight along a scale . --cu of blood be draw from Adam 's forearm . ext . hospital parking lot - day Katherine walk to she car . she notice Adam sit alone at the bus stop . katherine Adam ? adam ( embarrassed ) oh hey . katherine what be you do ? adam wait for the bus . katherine ( beat ) I be on my way home right now - want a ride ? adam oh , I be use to the bus , but thank you . katherine I can not let you take the bus . adam I live kind of far away . katherine wo not take no for a answer . int . katherine 's car - moment later ( day ) Adam be seat in the front seat as Katherine drive . the car be filthy - it 's litter with papers , magazine , food wrapper , etc . Katherine 's body be press all the way up against the steering wheel with she eye fix on the road . ( continued ) continued : katherine sorry about the mess . I be not very good at get rid of thing . adam yeah , I can see . katherine let I know if you need I to pull over ... I know that the chemotherapy can make you ... you know ... nauseous . Silent beat as they both stare out the windshield , unsure what to say . katherine so , you do not have a car ? adam no . do not even have a license . katherine why not ? adam it 's incredibly dangerous . ( beat ) it 's the fifth lead cause of death . only a couple after cancer . katherine still . the bus . the bus after chemo . adam ( cont 'd ) rachael usually drive I -- but we break up . katherine what ? when do this happen ? adam a few day ago . she kind of cheat on I . katherine oh. Adam . do you want to talk about it ? Adam 's about to answer when ... adam no. nuh-uh . no therapy . you be give I this ride as a friend . ( continued ) continued : ( 2 ) katherine Adam -- adam ( look around ) you know what we could talk about ? all of this mess . be you aware of the bacteria that 's probably live in here ? katherine Adam , you girlfriend cheat on you -- ( beat ) I know what 's it 's like . break up suck , I just break up with someone a few month ago . adam I be sorry . katherine ( cont 'd ) it 's fine . I end it . adam how long be you two together ? katherine Three month -- ( uncomfortable ) and we should not be talk about this . adam why not ? you know every thing about I . katherine I just do not think it 's appropriate for I to be tell you all this personal stuff . the whole therapist / patient relationship do not work if you know all my problem . she smile , awkward . katherine admittedly , I do check he Facebook page everyday to see if he 's dating someone new . so pathetic - — ( beat ) probably should not have say that . we can just listen to the radio . ( continued ) continued : ( 3 ) Adam think for a beat . then look at the floor , look at the pile of garbage at he foot . adam ( abrupt ) stop the car . Katherine look at Adam nervously . katherine why ? what 's wrong ? be you okay ? adam just stop the car . Katherine stop the car . Adam grab a handful and get out . katherine what be you do ? adam I can not handle all this mess . katherine be you serious ? of she garbage Adam toss the garbage in a dumpster and come back to the car for more . Katherine laugh as she get out and join he . katherine wait , no , not that . that 's my dinner . adam which one ? katherine this . Katherine grab a food container from Adam 's hand . adam you be go to eat that ? katherine do not judge I . they leave Katherine 's dinner behind , then throw out the rest of the garbage . ext . adam' house - dusk Adam and Katherine arrive at Adam 's house . adam well , this be I . thanks for the ride . katherine no problem . thanks for clean my car . Adam look at he house . the light be out . he 's really not in the mood to be alone . he give out a deep sigh and then get out of he car . adam ( cont 'd ) I will see you next week . katherine you will be all right ? by yourself ? adam yeah . totally . I be fine . he get out of the car and walk away . Katherine look after he , with concern . she roll down she window . katherine hey -- Adam turn around . katherine ( cont 'd ) I want you to have my cell number . call I if you ever need anything . Katherine scribbles she cell phone on a piece of hand it to Adam . adam ( teasing ) do I just score you digit ? Katherine turn red . katherine ( uncomfortable ) no. adam that be a joke . paper and ( continued ) continued : int . adam ' katherine ( awkward ) that 's fine . joke make for a good cope mechanism ... this be only for emergency . ( beat ) or if you need someone to talk to ... good night . adam good night . S house . live room - day Adam and Kyle smoke a mini-bong bubbler as they watch '' Planet Earth '' on a brand new 50 '' flat screen tv . skeletor be asleep on the floor . there 's a kyle I think the desert be crazy . the ocean 's fuck nut , man . adam I like the tree . kyle the tree be go to be bananas . knock at the door . too engross in the tv , neither guy move . rachael pop she head in the door . she look at Adam nervously as he put on he hat , cover he bald head . Adam do rachael hey -- I be just here to pick up my thing and then I 'il be out of you way . he best to play it cool . adam I put all of you thing in a box . it 's outside the door on the porch . kyle walk right past it . rachael oh. okay . well then I guess I 'il be on my way . ( then notice ) be you smoking weed ? ( continued ) continued : adam yeah . rachael since when do you smoke ? adam it 's medicinal . rachael ( impressed ) you get a prescription for medicinal marijuana ? kyle no , I get a prescription for medicinal marijuana , Adam be too afraid . rachael what 's wrong with you ? kyle I have night blindness . rod and cone be eschew , and weed fix it . rachael grin and roll she eye . she notice the new tv , which have replace she painting on the wall . the painting sit stashed in the corner . sadness sweep across she face . rachael ( disappointed ) you take my painting down . kyle it do not really fit there with the new tv . rachael Adam , can I talk to you outside for a second please ? ext . adam' porch - moment later Adam and rachael exit Adam 's house and sit on the porch stoop . rachael so ...how be you feel ? adam pretty awesome . ( continued ) continued : rachael I want to tell you I be sorry . adam ( contrite ) I be sorry too , I know this be not easy for you . and I be sorry I do not come to you open , it 's only because I hate you so much . rachael ( embarrassed ) I be glad you do not come . it be a complete disaster . no one buy any of my painting . adam ( smile ) really ?... but they be ...so ... great . rachael really ? adam yeah , you will get it next time . she hug he . rachael I do not want to break up . I can be better . we can start over again . she kiss he . rachael I all just be better . he kiss back . after a beat . adam you should go . she continue kissing he . he continue kissing back . he struggle to pull back , but do . he stare at she , shake he head - adam ( cont 'd ) please ... I need you to get the fuck off of my porch now . rachael look at Adam , piss , hurt , ego shattered . she pick up she belonging , turn and walk toward she car . ( continued ) continued : ( 2 ) Adam notice rachael 's painting still on the porch . adam ( cont 'd ) you painting . rachael I make it for you . rachael continue to she car . a beat . Adam then get up off the porch and walk inside . ext . adam' backyard - day tight on : rachael 's Painting . Adam and Kyle be hammer it to a tree . from a box of various supplies , they pull out the follow item and destroy the painting : kitchen knife , screw driver , garlic press , a molotov cocktail make out of hair - spray , egg , orange juice , shave cream , and a ax . Adam and Kyle look down at the destroy painting . adam it actually look a lot better . kyle it 's not that bad . adam yeah , we could hang this up . ext . mitch 's house - back porch - day Adam , Kyle , Mitch and Alan laugh hysterically as they smoke a joint . adam ( to Alan ) you be around before tv , right ? because I want to hear about the radio ... they talk about people just sit around and listen to the radio-- alan glue to the radio . adam what do you listen to ? ( continued ) continued : alan '' Little orphan Annie '' . kyle what do you look at when you be listen , nothing ? alan it engage everything . adam I be do a radio piece on a volcano . kyle I do radio I think people will actually like . mostly stuff about food ... like hamburger . people like listen to that versus '' come up next , a volcano ! '' . mitch you know what I have do ? I have turn on the tv . adam it 's not the same . just then , a attractive fifty - something woman , bernie , carry out a tray of wheatgrass . mitch thank you , sweetheart . bernie just blend up some wheatgrass . beware , it 's like drink liquid lawn cutting . ( beat ) oh , bernie , this be Adam . adam hi . this be my friend Kyle . Kyle take a sip of wheatgrass and nearly gag . bernie ( be : wheatgrass ) you like it ? kyle ( in disgust ) it 's not good . bernie smile , amused by Kyle , then turn back to Adam . ( continued ) continued : ( 2 ) bernie so , you be Adam ? from the way Mitch describe you I think you be much older . kyle he be eighty - five year old when he be three . Mitch look at he wife adoringly and take she hand . mitch come here . Mitch pull she close she for a kiss . Adam look at they , envious , a thin smile on he face . int . katherine 's office - continuous Adam walk in , flustered and annoyed as he talk to he mom on the phone . he sit down -- wrapping up the conversation . adam ( annoyed ) Mom it 's not a virus !... no , it 's the screen saver . Adam mouth sorry to Katherine . adam ( cont 'd ) .-- please , I be tell you , just move the mouse ... mom I can not talk now . I have a appointment . yes , right now . I be stand inside the office as we speak ... I do not know what I be make for dinner ... something , I 'il figure it out . Adam look at Katherine , embarrassed . adam ( cont 'd ) ...- Mom , I really have to go . ok , hang up the phone now . ok , I know ... Love you too . Adam hang up the phone . take a deep breath . adam ( cont 'd ) sorry about that . ( continued ) continued : katherine do not worry about it . I have parent too . Adam grimace . adam do yours give you migraine ? katherine my parent be something I would talk about with my therapist . adam really ? katherine yeah , we could role play . I can be you mom . adam ( repulse ) oh God , no . that 's disgusting . katherine why be that disgusting ? Adam sigh . adam my mom be a crazy person who worry incessantly . honestly , it annoys the shit out of I . and it 's not helpful ... I can not talk to she . Katherine think - connect the dot in she head . katherine so now she have a husband she can not talk to , and a son who will not talk to she . Adam 's take aback by Katherine 's bluntness . adam well , yeah , I guess . katherine I mean , be not you be kind of a dick ? adam I be sorry ? be that a medical term ? ( continued ) continued : ( 2 ) katherine you parent be who they be , you can not change that . the only thing you can change be how you choose to deal with they . adam be not you suppose to subtly manipulate I into be aware of my fault ? not call I out . katherine I think we be beyond that point . you do clean my car . Katherine look at Adam with tenderness , grab hold of he shoulder , squeezing it . katherine ( cont 'd ) ( frustrated ) it 's weird , be not it ? should not have do it . should not have go for it . adam no , it be good , it be good . katherine no , it be not . it 's so force . adam here try again , I be too far . come in a little closer . he inch closer to she , and stick out he shoulder . katherine I be go to make it real natural . Katherine place a hand on he , testing . adam that be better . they share a smile . after a beat Katherine look down - self consciously . int . hospital . chemotherapy treatment room —- morning Adam sit down next to Alan , but notice there 's no Mitch . nurse you be all set . ( continued ) continued : adam where 's Mitch ? alan ( somber ) he die last night . adam but we be just with he , what happen ? alan ( shrug ) what do it matter , he heart stop . they can not look at one another . ext . linden cemetery - day Kyle 's car drive up the cemetery 's long driveway . ext . linden cemetery - day dress for a funeral , Adam and Kyle walk through the grounds pass hundred of tombstone along the way . Adam be morose ; Kyle be try to cheer he up . ext . mitch 's funeral - day Adam , Kyle and Alan stand next to a minister as he speak . bernie stand in front of they , try to hold it together . we push in on Adam , as the Minister 's voice recede into the background . int . adam 's live room - day Adam light a joint . he turn on the tv . matlock appear on he flat screen tv . Adam flip the channel . and finally to the news -- breaking news : mt. moha moha erupting . Adam watch the volcano erupt with bittersweet sadness . int . hospital - day Adam lie on the bed of a mri machine . his body be slowly draw into the scanner . int . hospital . katherine 's office - day Adam lie on the couch stare at the ceiling . adam just beginning to realize that probably go to die . katherine do something happen ? do you get the mri result back ? adam no , but look at I , I be not get any better . I look in the mirror and it 's pretty obvious . ( beat ) Mitch die , Alan 's probably go to die , and so be I . katherine you do not know that ... a lot of what you be feel be from the treatment . adam look . thank you , but you do not need to try and cheer I up . I mean , in the end , what do it really matter anyway ? we be all go to die . you be just go to die , hopefully a lot later than I be . not expect this turn from Adam , Katherine 's demeanor stiffen - she look anxious . katherine Adam , okay , what you be go through - be something call '' the alienation phase '' ... and I know that you be feel helpless inside , but you should know that this be totally normal for someone in you situation . adam ( annoyed ) I be sorry , but , I be go to have to call you on that . it 's bullshit . that 's what everyone have be say . '' you will get better '' and '' it will be fine '' . ( more ) ( continued ) continued : adam ( cont would ) I do not know why everyone be so fuck scared to say it . '' you be die , dude '' ... it make it worse . katherine ( speechless ) Adam , I be here to help you . adam why ? so that when you be at some dinner party in 30 year , you can tell some inspiring anecdote about you coach you third patient through the alienation phase , and help he feel '' normal '' right before he die . katherine Adam ... i... I be sorry - if - I say the wrong thing . I - adam this be not work for I . Adam leave . Katherine be overcome with a sense of failure . int . adam' house - day the place be a mess . Adam dial the phone . kyle ( v.o. ) not around . leave a message . adam hey man , it 's Adam . I be wonder if you could give I a ride to my doctor 's appointment today ... it 's the big one . Adam hang up and hesitates . after a beat , he dial again . Adam hold the phone away from he ear and cringe . a pang of regret run through he body . diane oh my God , what 's wrong ? adam ( cont 'd ) hi mom. int . dr ross 's office - day Diane , Adam and Richard be seat in the exam room . Diane and Adam nervously flip through magazine while Richard be lose somewhere in he own world . the tension be thick . Diane look at she watch and shiver . there 's a knock at the door . a friendly look nurse enter . friendly nurse the doctor 's just in with another patient , but should be out in a few minute . you guy hold up alright ? diane it 's very cold in here . be there anyway you can turn down the air conditioning ? friendly nurse unfortunately the temperature be control by a central thermostat . diane my son have cancer . friendly nurse ( feel bad ) I be sorry , really , if I could I would , but there 's nothing I can do . Adam 's piss that he mother have just involved he . adam ( smile to the nurse ) do not worry about it . ( scowl at Diane ) I be fine . friendly nurse be you sure ? I could get you a blanket . adam no , really , I be okay . but thank you . diane I would love a blanket . adam ( to the friendly nurse ) we be fine . ( continued ) continued : friendly nurse okay , but you let I know if you need anything . the nurse smile and then exit . diane ( re : the friendly nurse ) I do not like she . Diane put she hand on Adam 's forehead . diane ( cont 'd ) you feel warm . adam I be fine . Diane get up from she chair and pace around the room look at the doctor 's various degree on the wall . Adam look on , annoyed at every step he mother take . Diane close in on one of the degree and put on she read glass for further examination . diane ( disapprove ) huh. adam what ? diane oh , nothing . adam ( annoyed ) what ? diane it 's nothing , he go to a state college . adam you be unbelievable . diane I just worry that you be not get the best care possible . ( beat ) and I do not think you be eat right . Adam can not take it anymore . he explode . ( continued ) continued : ( 2 ) adam will you stop ! I be not he . I can take care of myself . Diane be so frustrated , she 's near tear : diane it 's so hard that you do not let I help you . it 's really hard . adam you be help I . you bring I here , do not you ? they sit in silence for a moment . adam ( cont 'd ) what about you ? she look at he , baffle : diane what about I ? adam how be you ? diane ( wiping she tear ) how be I ? adam how be you ? what 's go on in you life ? diane seriously ? nothing be go on in my life . the highlight of my week be this cancer support group I have be go to . adam you have be go to a support group ? diane it 's for parent whose kid have cancer . adam I do not know you be do that . ( continued ) continued : ( 3 ) diane how would you ? you never call I back . he look at she . he soften . adam I be sorry . diane you do not have to say you be sorry . Adam take she hand in he . she 's clearly move . a beat . Dr. Ross storm into the room carry a stack of mri film . he seem rush . dr . ross sorry to keep you folk wait . Adam and Diane look at Dr. Ross with blank stare . dr . ross ( cont 'd ) anyway I will cut to the chase . the cancer 's not respond to the chemo . Dr. Ross place the mri into the light box . dr . ross ( cont ’d ) as you can see , the tumor be continue to grow here , along the nerve . we have to remove it now or we risk metastasis . Adam and Diane squint to see what Ross be talk about , but see nothing . adam so what do we do ? dr . ross we need to operate . now , I be able to move some thing around , and I can get you in this Thursday morning with Dr. walderson . he 's one of we best neurosurgeons . diane but he 's go to be okay , right ? you be go to fix it . ( continued ) continued : ( 4 ) dr . ross consider the placement and size of the tumor , a surgery of this nature be very dangerous , and potentially life threaten itself . the surgeon will be very aggressive in they attempt . but if we be unsuccessful in remove the cancer ... then unfortunately we be out of option . Diane take hold of Adam 's hand . they sit silently as the doctor 's word soak in . ext . park - later that night Adam sit in the park over look the city . Kyle be drunk - Adam be still nursing he first beer . kyle I be not go to bring up the fact that you surgery be tomorrow . not even think about it . so do not worry about it , cause I be not go to bring it up . adam you remember the last time we come out here ? kyle it be prom night . adam that memory be so far from I ... kyle it be a long time ago , I do not even remember who you go with . adam ( bitter ) nora mattingly . kyle oh yeah . that girl suck . you really know how to pick ‘em . even then I think you know . adam she seem so sweet . ( continued ) continued : kyle she be never sweet . she always suck . adam you just always hate my girlfriend kyle that 's not true ... ok it be , actually . but it 's because you date fuck dickhead . needy bitch . whhhhyyyyyy ? Adam look like he 's on the verge of fall apart . Kyle put he arm around he . kyle ( cont 'd ) it 's fuck cold . and it 's only midnight ! dude , let 's go to a bar , try to get laid . adam ( annoyed ) do not you ever give up ? kyle c'mon ! I have fun with that ! Kyle point at Adam 's head as he stand , then stumble . he 's drunk . adam I know you have fun . kyle you could too , maybe . adam you be drunk . kyle it work ! take you hat off ! adam I think I should drive . kyle I would let you drive but you do not know how . you do not have a license . adam ( somber ) this might be my last chance . ( continued ) continued : ( 2 ) kyle driving ! that 's what you want to do ? that 's you '' make a wish '' ? to drive ? we could be have sex with hooker while skydiving , and instead you want to do something I learn to do when I be fifteen ! ( concede ) Fine , but be careful . Kyle hand Adam he key . kyle ( cont 'd ) drive carefully . and do not adjust my seat setting . the two climb into Kyle 's car . Adam put the key in the ignition . kyle ( cont 'd ) ( condescendingly ) now , first thing you want to do -- without check the mirror , he back the car up . boom the car slam into a bike rack . kyle ( cont 'd ) what the fuck ! Adam pull out of the parking lot . kyle ( cont 'd ) make a leave . make a leave ! it 's a one way street ! Adam turn leave onto a one way street . it 's the wrong way . kyle ( cont 'd ) what the fuck ? there 's a car ! wrong way ! wrong way ! wrong way ! what the hell ! a oncoming car honk and swerve out of the way - only nearly avoid a head on collision . kyle ( cont 'd ) Adam ! stop man - stop ! Kyle pull the emergency brake . the car stop abruptly . kyle ( cont 'd ) the fuck be you do , man ? you be be a idiot right now . ( continued ) continued : ( 3 ) a beat . adam get out . get out of the car . Kyle stammer as Adam look like he 's about to erupt . adam get ! out ! Adam start hit Kyle . kyle Jesus Christ ! Kyle look at Adam speechless , and then get out of the car . Adam lock the door and sit quietly for a moment . he then proceed to scream at the top of he lung . twenty seven year worth of suppress emotion come out . Adam then sit in total silence . after a beat , he pull out he cell phone . Kyle notice . he try to open the door . it 's lock . Adam ignore Kyle and begin to dial . kyle ( cont 'd ) do not you dare call she ! not after everything she 's do to you ... you be a pussy , Adam . adam you be a selfish piece of shit who care more about get fuck laid than be my friend . Kyle look hurt . Adam hold the phone up to he head . int . bedroom - same time ( intercut ) the phone ring . it 's not rachael ... it 's Katherine . she 's sit on she bed , read a book . katherine hello . adam ( nonchalant ) hey , it 's Adam . katherine Adam ? she look at the clock , it 's midnight . ( continued ) continued : katherine it 's midnight . what 's go on ? adam ( still nonchalant ) oh , just have a nervous breakdown . I think I fracture my larynx . katherine I be really , really glad you call . there 's a long silence . tear roll down Adam 's face . adam I want this to be over . I be so fuck tired of be sick ... if this surgery do not work , that 's it -- ( cry ) I have never be to fuck Canada or tell a girl I love she ... it sound stupid . katherine no . it do not . Katherine 's eye begin to well . a beat . adam ( cont 'd ) ( beat ) I be sorry I be such a asshole . katherine I be the asshole . I be so totally unprepare - for you . this job be really hard . if I fuck up , I could ruin someone 's whole life . adam I guess we be both beginner at this . katherine ( smile ) yeah . adam what be you do when I call ? be you on Facebook ? ( continued ) continued : ( 2 ) katherine ( laugh ) you know , stalking my ex-boyfriend be not the only thing I do in my free time . a beat . Adam sigh : adam I wish you be my girlfriend . she take this in , kind of wishing it too . silence as katherine girlfriend can be nice . you just have a bad one . adam yeah , but I bet you have be a good one . Katherine blushes . then : there 's a loud knock on the window . it 's Kyle . he 's freezing . Adam hang kyle let I in man , Jesus . it 's fuck freezing ! adam I be go to go . thanks ... thanks for everything . katherine good night . up the phone . Kyle bang on the car window desperately . Adam finally unlock the car . ext . kyle 's apartment - later that night Kyle and Adam enter the building . int . kyle's apartment - continuous too drunk to stand , Kyle use Adam as a crutch to support himself as look like quiet . the Kyle keel bathroom . they enter he apartment , which be a mess - it it have not be clean in year . Kyle be unusually mood be solemn - this guy never fight . over to pass out on the couch . Adam walk into the int . kyle's bathroom —- continuous with he finger , Adam scoops some dust up off the counter . gross out , he look around for a towel to wipe the dust off he hand . no towel . he wipe it off on he jeans . he then notice something on the ground , in front of the toilet . a book . he lean over and pick up '' coping with you love one 's Cancer '' . the book be wear and have multiple book mark - indicate it 's be read . Adam look out at Kyle , he have he peg all wrong . Adam then turn and look at himself in the mirror . he take a deep breath . a beat . he clap he hand - the light turn off . ext . seattle STREET - later that night it 's 3 a.m . the street be completely vacant of life . Adam walk along this normally busy avenue all alone . ext . STREET - dawn Adam walk along the sidewalk of he street and turn up he front walkway . int . adam' house - dawn Adam pack a small duffel bag . int . adam' kitchen - later Adam kneel down , pour some dog food into a bowl for skeletor . he look at the dog , who look back , confuse . adam come here , boy . skeletor begin to eat . Adam look in skeletor 's eye and give he one last pet . ext . adam' house - moment later Adam step out onto the porch carry he duffle bag . as he walk down the step , he look back at he house , take a deep breath , and leave . i/e . kyle 's car - moment later Adam get into Kyle 's car . the mood be eerie and quiet . int . kyle's car - later Kyle and Adam sit silently park in front of the hospital . kyle ( beat ) you ready ? adam yeah . kyle it 's go to be good . it 's go to be fine . adam yeah . we hear a voice from across the parking lot . kyle that 's you mom . Adam roll down the window . sure enough , he mom be from across the parking lot - diane 's voice Adam ! kyle so I will park the car I guess , and then come inside -- adam yep . kyle -- and I will see you before you go in there ? adam um ... I be not sure how it work . kyle then I 'il see you after ... adam yep . yell Kyle look at he unsure what to say . Adam lean across and hug Kyle . kyle so I will see you in there ... ( continued ) continued : adam thanks . Adam step out of the car and walk across the vast concrete expanse toward he mother and father who stand wait for he . int . hospital pre - op room —- early morning Adam lie on a gurney . his parent stand beside he . dr . walderson the neurosurgeon enter . dr . walderson good morning , I be Dr. walderson , I all be perform you surgery today ... how be you feel ? adam good . dr . walderson good. good. good. good. Dr. walderson look over she chart . dr . walderson so we be go to take excellent care of you . we surgical team be top-notch . you just try to relax . Adam 's completely terrify . Dr. walderson exit . nurse Stewart hand Adam a giant pile of disclaimer to sign . adam what be all this ? nurse stewart Standard paperwork : hospital liability and disclaimer form and organ donor authorization . Richard whisper closely into Adam 's ear : richard I get a new coat ... brook Brothers . silk pocket . feel . Adam stick he hand inside the pocket of Richard 's coat . richard ( cont 'd ) feel . ( continued ) continued : adam I be feel . Adam look up at he dad , stand there in he confuse state : adam dad , listen . I know it 's probably hard to follow what 's go on right now -- but I want you to know that I love you very much . Richard look at he son , blank expression on he face : richard ok . adam ok , dad . Adam smile at he father , and then look at he mother . DR. lee enter - — dr . lee hello Adam , I be Dr. Lee -- I be here to administer you anesthesia . adam ( nervous ) hi. dr . lee now relax , I be go to inject the anesthesia through you iv ... it 's go to take a few moment before you begin to feel the effect ... adam you be do it now ? nurse stewart ( to Diane and Richard ) if you guy could just head over to the wait room that would be great . adam how long will it last ? dr . lee that really depend on the individual -- ( continued ) continued : ( 2 ) adam well , how do you know if it 's go to last long enough so I will not wake up in the middle of surgery ? or what if I do not wake up after ? Mom ? diane sweetie you be go to be just fine . he lean over the bed into he mother 's arm . she hold he for a long beat . dr . lee I be really sorry but we have get to get Adam to the operate room . diane ( cont 'd ) could you just wait a moment , please ? Dr. Lee unlock Adam 's gurney . dr . lee I be sorry . Diane kiss Adam on the cheek . diane I love you , Adam . Dr. Lee nod to a couple nurse , who pull Adam 's gurney through double door . he disappear into fluorescence . int . hospital surgical amphitheater - continuous Adam 's gurney be pulled into frame . we push in on Adam 's unconscious face . now , several arm reach out and grab he , place he on the operate table . sfx : the rhythmic beep of he heart monitor . the echoing sound of he breath . it initiate a montage -- Katherine sit in she office , talk to a patient . she nod , jot note , but she head be somewhere else . -- Diane and Richard sit in the wait room . she hold a handful of pill . Richard take they from she . she look into he eye , terrify . ( continued ) continued : -- in a wide shot , we see the operate table . two neurosurgeons , Dr. walderson and dr . phillip be in mid - surgery . alongside the two doctor be two nurse . -- Kyle stand outside the hospital 's front entrance . next to he , a couple of nurse on a smoke break talk animatedly . he stare ahead , nervous . -- the operate room be empty . Adam lie on the surgical table , now face up with a oxygen mask over he mouth . his eye be close and he complexion be cold and pale . int . hospital waiting room - later Diane , Richard and Kyle sit together , anxious . Katherine enter the room and sit across from the other . they exchange awkward look . diane ( to Kyle ) it 's be five hour . Kyle look over clearly very aware of that fact : kyle have it ? diane something 's wrong . we should have hear by now . kyle do not worry . Adam 's go to be fine , okay ? Katherine hear Adam 's name . she lean over to Kyle , Richard , and Diane . katherine Adam lerner ? kyle ( startle ) yeah . katherine Dr. walderson be one of the best surgeon in the country , so he 's in good hand . diane who be you ? ( continued ) continued : they shake hand . katherine i...uh , I be Katherine . kyle the therapist ! I be Kyle , Adam 's friend . kyle this be Adam 's parent . katherine it 's nice to meet you . she smile and nod awkwardly . Long beat . kyle do he say I be a dick ? ' Cause I be not . diane I want you to know , I smother he because I love he . Katherine smile politely . kyle seriously , do he say anything ? katherine I ... I can not ... I would not ... 1 I would not talk about that sort of thing . Kyle and Diane turn they attention away from Katherine , deject . in the distance , they spot Dr. walderson . everyone jump up as she approach : dr . walderson Mr. and Mrs. lerner . so as you can imagine , with a surgery of this magnitude ... there be some unforeseen complication . the bone erosion be much great than initially anticipate . we have to remove part of the hip and pelvis , as well as most of the right psoa muscle . we also have to remove a good amount of sheath tissue around the sciatic nerve . it 's not go to be a easy road back , but he 's go to be okay . ( continued ) continued : ( 2 ) diane ( relieved ) he 's go to be okay ? Dr. walderson nod . kyle you should start with that information . that should be the first thing you say . he turn to hug Diane : kyle ( cont 'd ) he 's ok ! Diane and Kyle hug , then pull Richard into the hug . diane ( to Dr. walderson ) thank you , doctor , thank you ! Diane and Kyle start cry . Katherine see this tender moment and shy away . int . hospital post - op recovery - day Adam 's in he hospital bed - still asleep from the surgery . Richard and Diane enter the room . Adam react like a little kid be pick up from pre-school . adam ( cont 'd ) mommy ! diane ( cry ) my little boy . adam it 's nice here . I get a good room . diane I know . adam we need to go on more vacation . diane yes , we will go on a huge vacation ! we can go to Hawaii ! Kyle awkwardly stand over Adam , try to act normal . ( continued ) continued : kyle hey man ? what 's up ?... I be afraid to touch you , but um -- Adam stick out he pinkie which Kyle gently fist bump . kyle boom . you look really good . adam I be high as a motherfucka . Kyle look at Diane with a guilty expression . kyle um ...we do not do that . int . hospital room - night Adam lie in bed . his eye open , stare at the ceiling . it 's quiet . peaceful . Katherine knock on the door and walk in . Adam speak ; woozy from the morphine , and very weak : adam it 's you . katherine it be I . she stand next to the bed . katherine how be you feel ? adam grrreat . I love morphine ... what time be it ? katherine it 's eight o'clock . I be just work late , so I think I would stop by . adam ( wide smile ) work late - you get a new patient ? katherine I get a few new patient , actually . adam that 's good . ( continued ) continued : Adam smile . look into she eye for a long beat . adam I would like to make you pancake some time . katherine that 's very nice , Adam . adam ( dead serious ) you be go to like they . Katherine laugh . she sit next to he on the bed , and take hold of he hand . unlike she previous attempt , this time she grip be perfect . Adam notice . adam I be pee right now . katherine I be not go to look . we stay on Adam and Katherine look into each other 's eye as Katherine move she hand down he arm , finally clasp he hand in hers . i/e . adam 's house - live room - evening close - up on : wound angle on : Kyle , stare at the wound with trepidation , absolutely disgust . kyle ugh , it 's gross ! oh God - I keep look back at it think it 's go to be less gross . the wound be reveal to be on Adam 's back . Adam -- hair slowly beginning to grow back , look much healthier , relaxed -- look back at Kyle . adam can we just get it over with ? come on . kyle you mom do this ? adam she do it all the time . ( continued ) continued : kyle this be like some '' saw '' shit . adam ( unaffected ) you word be so comforting . kyle I be just gonna do it , I be gonna act like it 's nothing . Kyle put a gob of antibiotic ointment on he finger and very tentatively reach towards Adam 's back . adam I be go to be really proud of you . kyle ugh ! I be do it . I be inside you ! Adam look over he shoulder , notice Kyle apply the ointment . adam wait , wait , wait , be that you finger ? kyle what ? adam be that you finger ? kyle ( guilty ) no . adam there 's q-tip ! kyle I know , I know ... Kyle quickly apply some ointment on a q-tip . adam that be you finger , be not it ! kyle would it be bad if it be ? adam do you wash you hand ? ( continued ) continued : ( 2 ) kyle I use a q- tip the whole time , do not worry about it . Kyle swab the wound with the q- tip . kyle this look like kuato from '' total recall '' . Adam grab he back to imitate kuato . adam the oxygen ! kyle ( disgust ) no ! do not do that ! ugh ! Kyle feebly apply the dressing on Adam 's wound . adam can we get this go ? it 's seven thirty . come on , put on the bandage . Kyle gingerly apply the bandage whilst turn he head . wound now cover , Kyle look self - assure -- it 's a pretty shoddy job . kyle and you , be ready for you date ! Adam gingerly stand and button up he shirt . he walk over and look in the mirror . he rub he short hair in contemplation . adam it 's crazy . I look pretty good . kyle I have fuck you . adam ( smile ) thanks . the doorbell ring . Adam look at Kyle , a bit nervous . kyle ( cont 'd ) ( excited ) who could that be ? go answer it , go ! ( continued ) continued : ( 3 ) Adam take a deep breath and open the front door . he light up when he see katherine stand in front of he . she 's hold a pizza . adam hey . katherine hi. adam you look nice . katherine thanks . ( awkward beat ) you too . you look super nice . adam ( smile ) you want to come in ? katherine yeah . they walk inside . katherine look at you , walk up a storm . Kyle clear he throat and wave meekly from the corner . adam you remember Kyle ... kyle good to see you ... I see you bring a pizza , which be good because I have not feed he all day . I just change the dress on he wound . there 's vicodin in the bathroom if you need it ; I know people take it recreationally but he actually need it for he aches -- Adam stare at Kyle , blankly . Katherine look to Adam , unsure how to react . katherine ( dead serious ) be there channel he can not watch ? Katherine crack a smile . Kyle beam . ( continued ) continued : ( 4 ) kyle ( to Adam ) that 's funny . ( to Katherine ) so , you be do you doctorate I hear ? that 's -- Adam open the door and usher Kyle out . adam dude , you be awesome . kyle alright ! Kyle move toward the door and whisper to Adam - kyle ( cont 'd ) she 's cool . Adam smile , and close the door on Kyle . Adam then turn around and look at Katherine . katherine so. adam so. katherine ( smile ) now what ? a beat as Adam think , then flash a smile . music swell as we go ... black :