F I G h T C L U B by Jim uhl base on a novel by Chuck palahnuik 2/16/98 -------------------------------------------------------------- screen black jack ( v.o. ) people be always ask I , do I know Tyler durden . fade in : int . social room - top floor of high rise -- night tyler have one arm around Jack 's shoulder ; the other hand hold a handgun with the barrel lodge in jack mouth . Tyler be sit in Jack 's lap . they be both sweat and dishevel , both around 30 ; Tyler be blond , handsome ; and Jack , brunette , be appeal in a dry sort of way . Tyler look at he watch . tyler one minute . ( look out window ) this be the beginning . we be at ground zero . maybe you should say a few word , to mark the occasion . jack ... i... ann ....iinn .. ff ....nnyin ... jack ( v.o. ) with a gun barrel between you tooth , you only speak in vowel . Jack tongue the barrel to the side of he mouth . jack ( still distort ) I can not think of anything . jack ( v.o. ) with my tongue , I can feel the rifling in the barrel . for a second , I totally forget about Tyler 's whole control demolition thing and I wonder how clean this gun be . Tyler check he watch . tyler it 's get exciting now . jack ( v.o. ) that old say , how you always hurt the one you love , well , it work both way . Jack turn so that he can see down -- 31 stories . jack ( v.o. ) we have front row seat for this theater of mass destruction . the demolition Committee of Project mayhem wrap the foundation column of ten building with blast gelatin . in two minute , primary charge will blow base charge , and that building will be reduce to smolder rubble . I know this because Tyler know this . tyler look what we have accomplise . ( check watch ) thirty second . jack ( v.o. ) somehow , I realize all of this -- the gun , the bomb , the revolution -- be really about marla Singer . pull back from Jack 's face . it 's press against two large breast that belong to ... bob , 45 , a moose of a man . Jack be engulf by Bob in a intense embrace . Bob weep openly . jack ( v.o. ) Bob have bitch tit . pull back to wide on ... int . church meeting room - night Men be pair off , hugging , talk in emotional tone . near the door , a sign on a stand : " remaining men together . " jack ( v.o. ) this be a support group for man with testicular cancer . the big moosie slobbering all over I be Bob . bob we be still man . jack yes . we be man . Men be what we be . jack ( v.o. ) six month ago , Bob 's testicles be remove . then hormone therapy . he develop bitch tit because he testosterone be too high and he body upped the estrogen . that be where my head fit -- into he huge , sweat tit that hang enormous , the way we think of God 's as big . bob they be gonna have to open my pec 's again to drain the fluid . Bob hug tighter ; then look with empathy into Jack 's eye . bob okay . you cry now . Jack look at bob. jack ( v.o. ) wait . back up . let I start earlier . int . jack bedroom - night Jack lie in bed , stare at the ceiling . jack ( v.o. ) for six month . I could not sleep . int . copy room - day Jack , sleepy , stand over a copy machine . his Starbucks cup sit on the lid , move back and forth as the machine copy . jack ( v.o. ) with insomnia , nothing be real . everything be far away . everything be a copy of a copy of a copy . other people make copy , all with Starbucks cup , sip . Jack pick up he cup and he copy and leave . int . jack office - same Jack , sip , stare blankly at a Starbucks bag on the floor , full of newspaper and fast food garbage . jack ( v.o. ) when deep space exploration ramp up , it will be corporation that name everything . the IBM stellar sphere . the Philip Morris galaxy . Planet Starbucks . Jack look up as a pudgy man , Jack 's boss , enter , Starbucks cup in hand , and slide a stack of report on Jack 's desk . boss I be go to need you out - of- town a little more this week . we have get some " red -flag " to cover . jack ( v.o. ) it must have be Tuesday . he be wear he " cornflower - blue " tie . jack ( listless management speak ) you want I to de - prioritize my current report until you advise of a status upgrade ? boss you need to make this you primary " action item . " jack ( v.o. ) he be full of pep . must have have he grande latte enema . boss here be you flight coupon . call I from the road if there be any snag . you itinerary ... Jack hide a yawn , pretend to listen . int . bathroom - jack condo - night Jack sit on the toilet , cordless phone to he ear , flip through a ikea catalog . there 's a stack of old playboy magazine and other catalog nearby . jack ( v.o. ) like everyone else , I have become a slave to the ikea nest instinct . jack ( into phone ) yes . I would like to order the erika pekkari slip cover . Jack drop the open catalog on the floor . move in on catalog -- on photo of coffeetable set ... jack ( v.o. ) if I see something like clever coffee table sin the shape of a yin and yang , I have to have it . pan to photo of armchair ... jack ( v.o. ) like the johanneshov armchair in the strinne green stripe pattern ... int . live room / dine area / kitchen the armchair appear . pan over next to armchair ... jack ( v.o. ) or the rislampa wire lamp of environmentally - friendly unbleach paper . the lamp appear . pan over to wall ... jack ( v.o. ) even the vild hall clock of galvanize steel , rest on the klipsk shelving unit . the clock appear as the shelving unit appear on the wall . jack ( v.o. ) I would flip through catalog and wonder , " what kind of dining set define I as a person ? " we use to read pornography . now it be the horchow Collection . a dining room set appear . Jack , the cordless phone still glue to he ear , walk into frame and continue . jack no , I do not want cobalt . oh , that sound nice . apricot . Jack open a cabinet , take out a plate . jack ( v.o. ) I have it all . even the glass dish with tiny bubbles and imperfection , proof they be craft by the honest , simple , hard - work indigenous people of wherever . he rummages through the refrigerator . it 's practically empty . Jack take out a jar of mustard , open it and use a butter knife to eat it . int . doctor' office - day Jack , eye puffy , face pale , sit before a intern , who study he with bemusement . intern no , you can not die of insomnia . jack maybe I die already . look at my face . intern you need to lighten up . jack can not you give I something ? jack ( v.o. ) red-and -blue tuinal , lipstick - red seconal . intern ( overlap with / above ) you need healthy , natural sleep . chew valerian root and get some more exercise . the intern ush Jack to the door . they step into the ... int . hallway the intern walk away from Jack , pick up a chart . jack I be in pain . intern ( facetious ) you want to see pain ? swing by first Methodist Tuesday night . see the guy with testicular cancer . that 's pain . the intern move into the other room . Jack stare after he . ext . first methodist church - night Jack head for the front door . int . first methodist church meeting room - night Jack stare at a group of man , include Bob , who be all listen to a group member speak at a lectern . the speaker have pale skin and sink eye -- he 's clearly die . speaker I ... want three kid . two boy and a girl . mindy want two girl and one boy . we never could agree on anything . the speaker crack a sad smile . some man chuckle , happy to lighten the mood . speaker well , she have she first child a month ago , a girl , with she new husband ... and , thank God . I be glad for she , because she deserve ... the speaker break down , weep uncontrollably . Jack watch . a couple of the man go up to the speaker , comforting he , lead he away . a leader take the stand . leader everyone , let 's thank Thomas for share himself with we . Jack , uncomfortable , join everyone else : everyone ( in unison ) thank you , Thomas . leader I look around this room and I see a lot of courage . and it give I strength . we give each other strength . Jack look around . many of the man be sniffle , sobbing . Jack squirm in he seat . leader it 's time for the one -on-one . let 's follow Thomas 's example and open ourselves . everyone get out of they chair and begin pair - off . Jack stand , uncomfortable . leader can everyone find a partner ? Bob , he chin down on he chest , start toward Jack , shuffle he foot . jack ( v.o. ) the big moosie , he eye already shrink - wrap in tear . knee together , invisible step . Bob take Jack into a embrace . jack ( v.o. ) Bob be a champion bodybuilder . you know that chest expansion program you see on tv ? that be he idea . bob ... use steroid . I be a juicer . diabonol , then , wisterol -- it 's for racehorse , for christsake . now I be bankrupt , divorced , my two grow kid will not return my call ... jack ( v.o. ) stranger with this kind of honesty make I go a big rubbery one . Bob break into sobbing , put he head on Jack 's shoulder and completely cover Jack 's face . after a long beat of cry , Bob raise up he head , look at Jack 's nametag . bob go ahead , cornelius . you can cry . they look at each other . slowly , Jack 's eye grow wet . jack ( v.o. ) then ... something happen . I be lose in oblivion -- dark and silent and complete . Bob pull Jack 's head back into he chest . Jack tighten he arm around Bob . jack ( v.o. ) I find freedom . lose all hope be freedom . Jack pull away from Bob . on Bob 's chest , there 's a wet mask of Jack 's face from how he look weep . jack ( v.o. ) Babies do not sleep this well . int . jack bedroom - night Jack lie sound asleep . jack ( v.o. ) I become addict . int . SMALL protestant church - night Jack move into a " group hug " of sickly people , man and woman . in view be a sign by the door " free and clear . " int . office build basement - night Jack stand with a weep middle - age woman . he begin to cry along with she . a sign by the door : " onward and upward . " jack ( v.o. ) if I do not say anything , people assume the worst . they cry harder . I cry harder . int . public build conference room - night everyone , include Jack , sit back in they seat , eye close . the leader speak into a microphone . leader tonight , we be go to open the green door -- the heart chakra ... jack ( v.o. ) I be not really die , I be not host to cancer or parasite ; I be the warm little center that the life of this world crowded around . leader ... and you open the door and you step inside . we be inside we heart . now , imaging you pain as a white ball of heal light . that 's right , the pain itself be a ball of heal light . Jack , eye close , be silent ... leader it move over you body , heal you . keep this go and step forward , through the back door of the room . where do it lead ? to you cave . step forward into you cave . int . cave - jack imagination Jack walk along , move through a ice cavern ... leader' voice that 's right . you be go deeper into you cave . and you be go to find you power animal ... Jack come upon a penguin . the penguin look at he , cock he head to signal Jack forward . penguin slide . the penguin jump onto a patch of ice and slide away . ext . STREET - night Jack walk out a doorway , say goodbye to people . he walk down the sidewalk , shine with peace . jack ( v.o. ) every evening I die and every evening I be bear again . resurrected . CUT back to : int . first methodist church meeting room - resuming Jack 's still in a embrace with Bob . jack ( v.o. ) Bob love I because he think my testicles be remove too . be there , my face against he tit , ready to cry -- this be my vacation . marla singer enter . she have short matte black hair and big , dark eye like a character from japanese animation . jack ( v.o. ) and , she ruin everything . marla look around , raise a cigarette to she lip . marla this be cancer , right ? Bob and Jack stare , dumbfounded . int . first methodist church meeting room - later everyone pair - off . move through room ... find jack face as he stare ... move through room ... find marla' face . she 's drink coffee , smoking a cigarette . jack ( v.o. ) this ... chick ... marla Singer ... do not have testicular cancer . she be a liar . int . SMALL protestant church - night marla sit with the group , smoking , listen intently while a member speak . Jack spy on she . jack ( v.o. ) she have no disease at all . I have see she at my melanoma Monday night group ... int . catholic cathedral - night marla sit at the end of a row , smoking . all the face down the row be turn toward she , incredulous ... jack ( v.o. ) ... and at " free and clear , " my blood parasite group thursdays . Jack lean out further than the other , scornful . jack ( v.o . ) -- and , again , at " seize the Day , " my tuberculosis Friday night . CUT back to : int . first methodist church meeting room - another night Jack watch ... marla 's eye be close , she head on the shoulder of the man she 's embrace by . she open she eye , catch Jack 's stare . Jack look away . jack ( v.o. ) marla -- the big tourist . her lie reflect my lie . marla rest she chin on the man 's shoulder . tear roll down she cheek . she wipe at they . ext . first methodist church - night marla walk out , the support group 's disperse . Jack exit amongst they . he spot marla walk away . jack ( v.o. ) and suddenly , I feel nothing . I could not cry . so , once again , I could not sleep . Jack stare after marla for a long moment . he walk away . int . bedroom - later Jack , in underwear , be cross-legged on the floor , assemble ikea furniture , cordless phone shoulder to he ear . jack ( into phone ) no , I just can not believe that card be decline -- okay , okay , let I give you a different card number . Jack get he wallet off the floor , pull out another card and , mos over the follow , he read it into the phone . jack ( v.o. ) next group , after guide meditation , after we open we chakra , when it 's time to hug , I be go to grab that little bitch , marla Singer , pin she arm against she side and say ... int . meeting room - night - jack imagination close on jack as he clamp he arm around marla . jack marla , you liar , you big tourist . I need this . get out . int . live room - night Jack , in pajamas , stare at Home Shopping Network on he tv . jack ( v.o. ) when you have insomnia , you be never really asleep and you be never really awake . I have not sleep in four day ... int . SMALL protestant church - night Jack walk in and join the crowd , look around . people be chatter with each other . jack ( v.o . ) -- but , in here , in everyone , there 's the squint of a five - day headache . yet they force themselves to be positive . they never say " parasite ; " they say " agent . " they always talk about get better . leader okay , everyone . everyone sit in chair . Jack catch sight of marla . leader to open tonight 's communion , Chloe would like to say a few word . take the lectern be chloe , a pale , sickly girl whose skin stretch yellowish and tight over she bone . she wear a head bondage . she clear she throat . jack ( v.o. ) ahh , Chloe . Chloe look the way joni Mitchell 's skeleton would look if you make it smile and walk around a party be extra nice to everyone . chloe well , I be still here -- but I do not know for how long . that 's as much certainty as anyone can give I . but I have get some good news -- I no longer have any fear of death . applause from around the room . chloe but ... I be in a pretty lonely place . no one will have sex with I . I be so close to the end and all I want be to get laid for the last time . I have pornographic movie in my apartment , and lubricant and amyl nitrate ... the leader gingerly take control of the microphone . leader thank you , Chloe . everyone , let 's thank Chloe . everyone thank you , Chloe . int . SMALL protestant church - later leader now , you be stand at the entrance to you cave . you step inside you cave and you walk . keep walk . Jack 's face , eye close , be motionless . jack ( v.o. ) if I do have a tumor , I would name it marla . marla ... the little scratch on the roof of you mouth that would heal if only you could stop tonguing it , but you can not . leader now , find you power animal . int . cave - jack imagination Jack find marla smoking a cigarette . marla cock she head , indicate whe want he to -- marla slide . int . SMALL protestant church - resuming Jack 's eye open and turn to marla , watch she blow smoke ring with she eye close . int . SMALL protestant church - later everyone stand and mill about , pair - off . leader pick someone special to you tonight . Jack see the ghastly spectre of Chloe amble towards he . he try to smile . she smile with a twisted , die mouth . chloe hello , Mr. tayler . jack ( v.o. ) I never give my real name at support group . jack hi , Chloe . chloe we have never actually talk . Chloe 's eye be eerily bright with desperation . Jack , in a sincere attempt at levity , choke out : jack you look good . you ... look ... like a pirate . Chloe laugh , a little too much . Jack squeeze out a laugh . then he see marla , off by herself . someone head for she . jack Excuse I , I have to ... Jack give a quick nod to Chloe and dart towards marla . Chloe watch he go . stay on jack and marla as Jack clamp he arm around she . he whisper into she ear . jack we need to talk . marla sure . jack I be on to you . you be a faker . you be not die . marla what ? jack okay , in the sylvia plath philosophy way , we be all die . but you be not die the way Chloe be die . leader tell the other person how you feel . jack you be a tourist . I see you at melanoma , tuberculosis and testicular cancer . marla and I see you practice this ... jack practice what ? marla telling I off . be it go as well as you hope ... ? ( read he nametag ) " ... Mr. Taylor . " jack I will expose you . marla go ahead . I will expose you . leader share yourself completely . marla put she head down on Jack 's shoulder as if she be cry . Jack pull she head back up . she deadpan at he . jack why be you do this ? marla it 's cheaper than a movie , and there 's free coffee . jack this be my group . I be here first . I have be come for a year . marla a year ? how would you manage that ? jack anyone who might have notice either die or recover and never come back . leader let yourself cry . marla why do you do it ? jack I ... I do not know . I guess ... when people think you be die , they really listen , instead ... marla -- instead of just wait for they turn to speak . jack yeah . brief recognition between they , break as the leader pass . leader quietly , now . share with each other . Jack wait till the leader 's out of earshot . jack ( warning ) it become a addiction . marla really ? Jack sigh , then pull back . jack look , I can not cry with a faker present . marla candy -stripe a cancer ward . it 's not my problem . jack please . can not we do something ... ? marla start out of the room . Jack follow she . leader now , the close prayer . ext . church - night - continuous marla get to the sidewalk , move quickly along . jack we will split up the week . you can have lymphoma , tuberculosis and -- marla you take tuberculosis . my smoking do not go over at all . jack I think testicular cancer should be no contest . marla well , technically , I have more of a right to be there than you . you still have you ball . jack you be kid . marla I do not know -- be I ? Jack follow marla into ... int . laundromat - continuous marla walk with authority up to a unwatch dryer . she take out clothes , pick out jeans , pants and shirt . marla I will take the parasite . jack you can not have both parasite . you can take blood parasite -- marla I want brain parasite . jack okay . I will take blood parasite and organic brain dementia -- marla I want that . jack you can not have the whole brain ! marla so far , you have four and I only have two ! jack then , take blood parasite . it 's yours . now we each have three . marla gather the choose garment and head out past Jack ... ext . sidewalk - continuous Jack follow , bewilder . jack you ... leave half you clothes . honk ! Jack start . marla 's lead he into the street with traffic barrel down . marla walk on , oblivious as car screech to a halt , horn blaring . Jack dash , follow ... int . thrift store - continuous marla drop the pile of clothes on a counter . a old clerk sift through the clothes , begin write on a pad . jack you be sell that ? marla step down hard on Jack 's foot . he wince in pain . marla ( for the clerk to hear ) yes , I be sell some chothes . the clerk start to ring up the assess amount . marla so , we each have three -- that 's six . what about the seventh day ? I want ascend bowel cancer . jack ( v.o. ) the girl have do she homework . jack I want ascend bowel cancer . the clerk give a strange look as he hand money to marla . marla that 's you favorite , too ? try to slip it by I , eh ? jack we will split it . you get it the first and third Sunday of the month . marla deal . they shake . Jack try to withdraw he hand ; marla hold it . marla look like this be goodbye . jack let 's not make a big thing out of it . she walk to the door , pockete money , not look back . marla how 's this for not make a big thing ? Jack watch she go . a moment , then he follow after ... ext . sidewalk - continuous Jack hesitates , unsure , then run / walk to catch up to she ... jack um ... marla , should we maybe exchange number ? marla should we ? jack in case we want to switch night . marla I suppose . Jack take out a business card , write he number on the back , hand it to she . she take the pen , grab he hand and write she number on he palm . she walk into the street , cause more screeching and honking . she turn , hold up the card . marla it do not have you name . who be you ? cornelius ? Mr. Taylor ? Dr. Zaius ? any of the stupid name you give each night ? Jack start to answer , but the traffic noise be too loud . marla just shake she head , turn , and keep move . a bus move into view , obscure she . jack ( v.o. ) this be how I meet marla Singer . int . airplane cabin - day the plane touch down ; the cabin bump . Jack 's eye open . jack ( v.o. ) you wake up at o'hare . int . airplane cabin - day Jack snap awake again , look around , disorient . jack ( v.o. ) you wake up at seatac . ext . highway - dusk the rear of a crashed car stick up by the side of the road . Jack stand , mark on a clipboard . the SUN sets behind . int . airport - night Jack stand at a gate counter . a attendant smile at he . attendant check - in for that flight do not begin for another two hour , Sir . Jack look with blear eye at he watch , step away and look at a overhange clock . jack ( v.o. ) Pacific , Mountain , Central . lose a hour , gain a hour . this be you life , and it 's end one minute at a time . int . airplane cabin - day Jack 's eye snap open as the plane land . jack ( v.o. ) you wake up at Air Harbor International . int . airport walkway Jack stand on a conveyor belt , briefcase at he foot . he watch people moving past on the opposite conveyor . jack ( v.o. ) if you wake up at a different time and in a different place , could you wake up as a different person ? Jack miss see tyler on the opposite conveyor belt . they pass each other . int . airplane cabin - in flight - night Jack sit next to a businessman . as they have idle conversation , we move in on Jack 's tray . a attendant's hand set coffee down with a small container of cream . jack ( v.o. ) everywhere I travel -- tiny life . single - serve sugar , single - serve cream , single pat of butter . CUT to : hand place a dinner tray down . jack ( v.o. ) microwave cordon bleu hobby kit . int . HOTEL room - bathroom - night Jack brushes he tooth in the mirror . jack ( v.o. ) shampoo / conditioner combo . single - serve mouthwash , tiny bar of soap . Jack pick up a individual , wrap q- tip , look at it . he move out of the bathroom into ... MAIN room Jack sit on the bed . he turn on the tv . it 's tune to the " Sheraton Channel , " show waiter serve people in a large banquet room . Jack stop brush he tooth , feel something on the bed , lift it -- a small dinner mint . int . airplane cabin - in flight - night Jack sit next to a frumpy woman . they chat . Jack turn to look at he food , take a bite . he turn back and it 's ... --a bald man next to he , talk . Jack take another bite , turn back and it 's ... --a businessman next to he . Jack take another bite , turn back , and it 's ... --a business woman next to he . jack ( v.o. ) the people I meet on each flight -- they be single - serve friend . between take - off and landing , we have we time together , but that 's all we get . int . airplane cabin - landing Jack 's eye snap open . jack ( v.o. ) you wake up at Logan . int . warehouse - continuous a giant corrugate metal door open . jack ( v.o . ) on a long enough time line , the survival rate for everyone drop to zero . two technician lead Jack to the burnt -out shell of a wrecked automobile . Jack set down he briefcase , open it and start to make note on a clipboarded form . jack ( v.o. ) I be a recall coordinator . my job be to apply the formula . it 's a story problem . technician # 1 here 's where the infant go through the windshield . Three point . jack ( v.o. ) a new car build by my company leave somewhere travel at 60 mile per hour . the rear differential lock up . technician # 2 the teenager 's brace around the backseat ashtray would make a good " anti-smoke " ad . jack ( v.o. ) the car crash and burn with everyone trap inside . now : do we initiate a recall ? technician # 1 the father must have be huge . see how the fat burnt into the driver 's seat with he polyester shirt ? very " modern art . " jack ( v.o. ) take the number of vehicle in the field , ( a ) , and multiply it by the probable rate of failure , ( B ) , then multiply the result by the average out - of - court settlement , ( C ) . a time B time C equal X ... CUT to : int . airplane cabin - moving down runway Jack be speak to the businesswoman next to he . jack if X be less than the cost of a recall , we do not do one . busisness woman be there a lot of this kind of accident ? jack oh , you would not believe . business woman ... which ... car company do you work for ? jack a major one . turgid silence . Jack turn to the window . he see a pelican get sucked into the turbine . jack ( v.o. ) every time the plane bank too sharply on take - off or landing , I pray for a crash , or a mid-air collision -- anything . Jack 's face remain bland during the follow : the plane buckle -- the cabin wobble . people panic . mask drop . jack ( v.o. ) no more haircut . nothing matter , not even bad breath . the side of the plane shear off ! scream passengers be suck out into the night air , fly past the quivering wind . magazine and other object fly everywhere . jack ( v.o. ) life insurance pay off triple if you die on a business trip . Jack remain in he same position , same bland expression . ding ! -- the seatbelt light go out . Jack snap awake . everything be normal . some passenger get out of they seat . from next to Jack , a voice we have hear before ... voice there be three way to make napalm . one , mix equal part of gasoline and freeze orange juice ... Jack turn to see tyler . without turn to Jack , Tyler continue : tyler two , equal part gasoline and diet cola . Three , dissolve kitty - litter in gasoline until the mixture be thick . jack pardon I ? Tyler turn to Jack . jack ( v.o. ) this be how I meet -- tyler Tyler durden . Tyler offer he hand . Jack take it . tyler you know why they have oxygen mask on plane ? jack no , supply oxygen ? tyler oxygen get you high . in a catastrophic emergency , we be take giant , panicked breath ... Tyler grab a safety instruction card from the seatback , hand it to Jack . tyler suddenly , we become euphoic and docile . we accept we fate . Tyler point to passive face on the draw figure . tyler emergency water landing , 600 mile per hour . blank face -- calm as hindu cow . Jack laugh . jack what do you do , Tyler ? tyler what do you want I to do ? jack I mean -- for a live . tyler why ? so you can say , " oh , that 's what you do . " -- and be a smug little shit about it ? Jack laugh . Tyler reach under the seat in front of he and lift a briefcase . tyler you have a kind of sick desperation in you laugh . Jack point to he own briefcase . jack we have the same briefcase . Tyler turn the top of he briefcase toward Jack . tyler open it . Jack look at Tyler , then pop the latch and raise the lid to reveal quaintly - wrap bar of soap . tyler soap -- the yardstick of civilization . ( reach in he pocket ) I make and sell soap ... Tyler hand Jack he card . " the paper STREET soap company . " tyler if you be to add nitric acid to the soap-make process , one would get nitroglycerin . with enough soap , one could blow up the world , if one be so inclined . Tyler snap the briefcase shut . Jack stare . jack Tyler , you be by far the most interesting " single - serve " friend I have ever meet . Tyler stare back . Jack , enjoy he own chance to be witty , lean closer to Tyler . jack you see , when you travel , everything be small , self - contain -- tyler the spork . I get it . you be very clever . jack thank you . tyler how 's that work out for you ? jack what ? tyler be clever . jack ( throw ) well , uh ... great . tyler keep it up , then . keep it right up . Tyler stand , look towards the aisle . tyler ... as I squeeze past , do I give you the ass or the crotch ? Tyler move to the aisle , he ass toward jack , walk away ... tyler we be define by the choice we make . Tyler go to the curtain divide first class , slap the curtain aside and sit in a empty seat . Jack watch . jack ( v.o. ) how I come to live with Tyler be : airline have this policy about vibrate luggage . int . baggage claim area - night utterly empty of baggage . no people except for Jack and a security task force man . the Security tfm , smirk , hold a receiver to he ear from a official phone on the wall . security tfm ( to Jack ) thrower do not worry about tick . modern bomb do not tick . jack Excuse I ? " thrower ? " security tfm baggage handler . but when a suitcase vibrate , the thrower have to call the police . jack my suitcase be vibrate ? security tfm nine time out of ten , it 's a electric razor . but , every once in a while ... ( whisper ) ... it 's a dildo . it 's airline policy not to imply ownership in the event of a dildo . we use the indefinite aricle : " a dildo . " never " you dildo . " Jack see , through the window , Tyler , at the curb , throw he briefcase into the back of a shiny , red convertible . Tyler leap over the door into the driver 's seat and peel out . jack turn away , look at the Security tfm . in the background , a harried man dash after Tyler and the convertible , scream . jack ( to Security tfm ) I have everything in that bag . my c.k. shirt ... my d.k.n.y. shoe ... security tfm ( into phone ) yeah , uh huh ... yeah ? ( pause , still on phone ) oh ... ext . empty runway a lone suitcase sit on the concrete . security personnel keep they distance . kaboom ! the suitcase explode . int . baggage claim area - resuming the Security tfm , shake he head , hang up . security tfm I be terribly sorry . the Security tfm hand Jack a claim form . Jack snatch it , disgust , take out a pen , start fill out the form . security tfm you know the industry slang for " Flight attendant ? " " Air mattress . " int . taxi - moving - night along a residential street . Jack look ahead , see a tall , grey , bland build on the corner . jack ( v.o. ) Home be a condo on the fifteenth floor of a filing cabinet for widow and young professional . the wall be solid concrete . a foot of concrete be important when you next - door neighbor let she hearing aid go and have to watch game show at full volume ... the taxi turn a corner and Jack see the front of the building . a diffuse cloud of smoke waft away from a blown - out section of the fifteenth floor . firetrucks , police car and a mob be all crowded around the lobby area . jack ( v.o . ) -- or when a volcanic blast of debris that use to be you furniture and personal effect blow out you floor - to-ceil window and sail flame into the night . ext . STREET in front of build Jack , gape at the sight above he , absently give the cabbie money . the taxi pull away . Jack start toward the building . he push through the fray of people , into the ... int . lobby the doorman see Jack enter , give a sad smile , shake he head . Jack start for the elevator . doorman there 's nothing up there . Jack press the button . the doorman move next to he . doorman you can not go into the unit . Police order . the elevator door open . Jack hesitates . the door close . Jack head out the lobby door . the doorman follow ... ext . condo build - continuous Jack walk past smoking , charree debris -- a flash of orange from the Yang table , a clock face from the hall clock , part of a arm from the GREEN armchair . his foot crunch glass . jack ( v.o. ) how embarrassing . doorman do you have somebody you can call ? Jack come to he refrigerator lie on its side . he reach down and take a note : " marla -- " and a phone number , from under a banana magnet . close shot - jack stove hiss . jack ( v.o. ) the police would later tell I that the pilot light might have go out ... let out just a little bit of gas . ext . payphone - resuming Jack get to a payphone . the doorman follow , watch he . doorman lot of young people try to impress the world and buy too many thing . Jack pick up the receiver , put in a quarter . he look at marla 's number a long moment . close shot - jack entire condo - kitchen and live room the SOUND of the hiss ... jack ( v.o. ) the gas could have slowly fill the condo . seventeen -hundre square foot with high ceiling , for day and day . ext . payphone - resuming Jack replace the receiver . he pocket marla 's number , dig out a small filofax . he flip through the page for phone number and address . most of the page be blank . doorman many young people feel trap and desperate . insert - close on the base of jack refrigerator jack ( v.o. ) then , the refrigerator 's compressor could have click on ... click . kaboom ! screen goe white . ext . payphone - resuming Jack look at the doorman . Tyler 's business card fall from the filofax . Jack catch it . doorman if you do not know what you want , you end up with a lot you do not . the doorman walk away . Jack stare at Tyler 's card . jack ( v.o. ) if you ask I now , I could not tell you why I call he . Jack re-deposits the quarter , dial Tyler 's number . it ring ... and ring and ring . Jack sigh and hang up the phone . a moment , then the phone ring . jack hello ? tyler' voice who 's this ? jack Tyler ? tyler' voice who 's this ? jack uh ... I be sorry . we meet on the plane . we have the same briefcase . I be ... you know , the clever guy . tyler' voice oh , yeah . jack I just call a second ago . there be no answer . I be at a payphone . tyler' voice I star-sixty - nine you . I never pick up my phone . what 's up ? jack well ... let I see ... here 's the thing ... ext . lou' tavern - night a small building in the middle of a concrete parking lot . int . lou' tavern - same Jack and Tyler sit in the back , with a pitcher of Beer . jack you buy furniture . you tell yourself : this be the last sofa I will ever need . no matter what else happen , I have get the sofa issue handle . then , the right set of dish . the right dinette . tyler this be how we fill up we life . Tyler light a cigarette . jack I guess so . tyler and , now it 's go . jack all go . Tyler offer cigarettes . Jack decline . tyler could be worse . a woman could cut off you penis while you be asleep and toss it out the window of a move car . jack there 's always that . tyler I do not know , maybe I be wrong . maybe it 's a terrible tragedy . jack ...no ...no ... tyler I mean , you do lose a lot of nice , neat little shit . the trendy paper lamp , the euro-trash shelving unit , be I right ? Jack laugh , nod . he shake he head , drink . tyler but maybe , just maybe , you have be deliver . jack ( toast ) deliver from swedish furniture . tyler deliver from armchair in obscure green stripe pattern . jack deliver from martha Stewart . tyler deliver from bullshit color like " cobalt , " " ebony , " and " fuchsia . " they laugh together . then , silence . they drink . jack insurance will cover it . tyler oh , yeah , you gotta start make the list . jack what list ? tyler the " now I get to go out and buy the exact same stuff all over again " list . that list . jack I do not ... think so . tyler this time maybe get a widescreen tv . you will be occupy for week . jack well , I have to file a claim ... tyler the thing you own , they end up own you . jack do not I ? tyler do what you like . jack ( look at watch ) God , it 's late . I should find a hotel ... tyler a hotel ? jack yeah . tyler so , you call I up , because you just want to have a drink before you ... go find a hotel ? jack I do not follow ... tyler we be on we third pitcher of beer . just ask I . jack huh ? tyler you call I so you could have a place to stay . jack no , I ... tyler why do not you cut the shit and ask if you can stay at my place ? jack would that be a problem ? tyler be it a problem for you to ask ? jack can I stay at you place ? tyler yes , you can . jack thank you . tyler you be welcome . but , I want you to do I one favor . jack what 's that ? tyler I want you to hit I as hard as you can . jack what ? tyler I want you to hit I as hard as you can . freeze picture . jack ( v.o. ) let I tell you a little bit about Tyler durden . extreme close - up - film frame -- and we see it 's pornography . int . projectionist room - theatre - night Jack , in the foreground , face camera . in the background , Tyler sit at a bench , look at individual frame cut from movie . near he , a projector roll film . jack Tyler be a night person . he sometimes work as a projectionist . a movie do not come in one big reel , it 's on a few . in old theater , two projector be use , so someone have to change projector at the exact second when one reel end and another reel begin . sometimes you can see two dot on screen in the upper right hand corner ... Tyler point to the side of our frame and the two dot briefly appear onscreen . tyler they be call " cigarette burn . " jack it 's call a " changeover . " the movie go on , and nobody in the audience have any idea . tyler why would anyone want this shitty job ? jack it afford he other interesting opportunity . tyler -- like splicing single frame from adult movie into family film . jack in reel three , right after the courageous dog and the snooty cag -- who have celebrity voice -- eat out of a garbage can , there 's the flash of Tyler 's contribution ... in the audience , child suddenly start squirming , confuse , look at each other . a woman abruptly stop suck she soda straw , feel vaguely terrible . her uncomfortable husband slowly lean back in he seat . Jack and Tyler watch from the projection booth window . tyler one-forty - eighth of a second . that 's how long it 's up there . jack no one really know that they have see it . but they do . tyler a nice , big cock . jack only a hummingbird could have catch Tyler at work . int . large banquet hall - night Tyler move around one of many table , set down soup bowls . Jack stand in the same position , facing camera . jack Tyler also work as a banquet waiter at the luxurious pressman Hotel . the guest command the waiter with snap of finger . int . service elevator - night Jack turn and we pan to Tyler , stand by a cart with a giant soup tureen . his hand be at he open fly and he 's in position to piss into the soup . jack he be the guerrilla terrorist of the food service industry . tyler do not watch . I can not if you watch . Jack wait . the SOUND of a stream of liquid be heard . tyler ... oh , yeah . oh , yeah . jack he farted on meringue ; he sneeze on braise endive ; and , with creme of mushroom soup , well ... tyler ( o.s. ) go ahead . say it . jack you get the idea . ext . parking lot of tavern - resuming Tyler and Jack come out the back door . jack I do not know about this . tyler I do not know , either . I want to find out . I have never be hit , have you ? jack no . that 's a good thing , be not it ? tyler I do not want to die without any scar . how much can you really know about yourself if you have never be in a fight ? come on ... you be the only person I have ever ask . jack I ? Jack stare at he . tyler why not you ? I be let you go first . do it . jack this be crazy . tyler alright , go crazy . let 'er rip . jack where do you want it ? in the face ? tyler surprise I . Jack swing a wide , clumsy roundhouse -- hit Tyler 's neck -- make a dull , flat sound . jack shit. sorry . that do not count . tyler like hell . that count . Tyler shoot out a straight punch to Jack 's chest . Jack fall back against a car . his eye tear up . tyler how do you feel ? jack strange . tyler but a good strange . jack be it ? tyler we have cross the threshold . you want to call it off ? jack call what off ? tyler the fight . jack what fight ? tyler this fight , pussy . Jack swing another roundhouse that slam right under Tyler 's ear . Tyler punch Jack in the stomach . Tyler and Jack move clumsily , throw punch . they breathe heavier , drool saliva and blood , grow dizzier from every impact . ext . curbside - later Jack and Tyler sit on the curb , watch sparse headlight on the nearby freeway . they eye be glaze with endorphin- induce serenity . they look at each other , laugh . look away . tyler if you could fight anyone ... one on one , whoever you want , who would you fight ? jack anyone ? tyler anyone . Jack think . jack my boss , probably . ( pause ) who would you fight ? tyler my dad . no question . a long pause as Jack study Tyler 's face . jack oh , yeah . ( nodd ) I do not know my dad . well , I know he , till I be six . he go and marry another woman , have more kid . every six year or so he would do it again -- new city , new family . tyler he be set up franchise . my father never go to college , so it be really important that I go . jack I know that . tyler after I graduate , I call he long distance and ask , " now what ? " he say , " get a job . " when I turn twenty - five , I call he and ask , " now what ? " he say , " I do not know . get marry . " jack same here . tyler a generation of man raise by woman . I be wonder if another woman be the answer we really need . another pause . Jack feel he bleed lip , smile . jack we should do this again sometime . Tyler crack a smile , give a sidelong glance to Jack . ext . paper STREET - night a street sign : " paper STREET . " a paper mill stis on one side , face a lone house on the other . the rest of the land be grass and weed . it 's a grand , old three - story , long abandon . Tyler lead Jack toward it . jack where 's you car ? tyler what car ? jack ( v.o. ) I do not know how Tyler find the house , but he would be there for half a year . int . paper ST . house - entrance -- night Tyler lead Jack through the front door ... jack ( v.o. ) it look like it be wait to be tear down . most of the window be board up . int . paper ST . house - live room - moment later Tyler and Jack climb creaky stair to the 2 nd floor landing . jack ( v.o. ) none of the door lock . the stair be ready to collapse . I do not know if he own it or he be squatting . Tyler open the door to a room ... int . room - continuous Jack enter , stis on the creaky bed . Dust drift upwards . jack ( v.o. ) neither would have surprised I . int . shower - morning Jack turn on the water . loud vibration from the wall . Water spit in start . jack ( v.o. ) nothing work . the rusty plumbing leak . turn on a light mean another light in the house go out . ext . lou' tavern parking lot - night all the tavern 's light be off . Tyler and Jack fight . five guy stand around watch . int . paper ST . house - kitchen - morning Jack , he face show new bruise and cut , make coffee with a wire - mesh strainer . Tyler shuffles in , wear a flannel bathrobe . he spear piece of bread on a fork , start roasting they over a burner . jack ( v.o. ) there be no neighbor . just warehouse and the paper mill . the fart smell of steam , the hamster cage smell of wood chip . ext . paper ST . house - night Jack sit watch as Tyler swing a old golf club -- thwack -- send a golf ball soar down the desolate street . jack ( v.o. ) at night , Tyler and I be alone for half a mile in every direction . ext . lou' tavern parking lot - night all the light be off . ten guy yell , stand around Jack and Tyler , who fight . three car be park in the lot . int . basement - day Jack sit on basement stair , watch as Tyler , knee - deep in water , work at a open fusebox , flipping breaker in a certain order , show Jack how it 's do . jack ( v.o. ) when it rain , we have to kill the power . by the end of the first month , I do not care about tv . I do not mind the warm , stale refrigerator . int . reading room - night candle burn . Tyler and Jack be seat across from each other on the buckle floor , read magazine . rain drip from the ceiling . no furniture . thousand of magazine . jack ( v.o. ) the previous occupant have be a bit of a shut - in . tyler ( of magazine ) hum . jack what ? tyler oh , a new riot control grenade ... ( read ) " ... the successful combination of concussive , 3000 foot - candle flash - blast and simultaneous high - velocity disbursement of ... blah , blah , blah ... " Tyler begin ripping the article from he magazine . jack ( " reader 's digest " ) " I be Joe 's lung . " it 's write in first person . " without I , Joe could not take in oxygen to feed he red blood cell . " there 's a whole series -- " I be Joe 's prostate . " tyler " I get cancer , and I kill Joe . " Tyler toss he article in a pile of other article , choose another magazine . jack what be you read ? tyler soldier of fortune . Business week. New Republic . jack show-off . ext . lou' tavern parking lot - night all the light be off . Jack and Tyler stand amidst fifteen guy around two guy fighting . the crowd yell more wildly than before . in the background be EIGHT parked car . jack ( v.o. ) I should have be haggling with my insurance company . I should have be look for a new condo ... ext . STREET - night Jack walk along . he stop , look at a church with support -group -people milling around the entrance , drink coffee and soda . marla 's there , amongst they , smoking . jack ( v.o . ) .... I should have be upset about my nice , neat , flame little shit . Jack 's face show no reaction . he continue to walk . jack ( v.o. ) but I be not . int . kitchen - morning Jack , in work clothes , interlock he finger and pop he knuckle , pick up a saucepan with coffee and sip . Tyler , in waiter 's uniform , come to have Jack straighten he tie . jack ( v.o. ) most of the week , we be ozzie and harriet . Jack pick up he briefcase and walk out the door . jack ( v.o. ) but , Wednesday night , ever Wednesday night ... ext . lou' tavern parking lot - night all the light be off . no one around , but there be at least twenty -five car park in the full lot . jack ( v.o. ) ... we be find something out : we be find out , more and more , that we be not alone . int . conference room - day a slide show progress , run by a chipper salesman , walter . Jack sit , deadpan , with a puffy lip and a bruise cheek . jack ( v.o. ) Thursday morning , all I could do be think about next week . boss give Jack a dubious look . walter 's next slide : a computer screen . walter the basic premise of cyber- netting you office be -- make thing more efficient . boss can I get the icon in cornflower blue ? walter absolutely . walter continue , he sale pitch drown out by Jack 's v.o. : jack ( v.o. ) walter , the Microsoft account exec . walter , with he smooth , soft hand . maybe he be think about the free - range potluck he would be to last weekend , or he church - group car- wash fund -raiser . or , probably not . walter move to Jack and slap he in the shoulder . walter I show this already to my man here . you like it , do not you ? Jack smile . his tooth be red with blood . they glow eerily in the dim light . jack ( v.o. ) you can swallow a pint of blood before you get sick . walter Jesus , I would hate to see what happen to the other guy . Jack keep the smile freeze on he face . jack ( v.o. ) screw walter . his candy - ass would not last a second Wednesday night . ext . lou' tavern - night out of silent darkness , headlight appear from all direction . car pull up and park in the already - pack lot . young men get out and march into the tavern ... int . lou' tavern - same the man , include Jack and Tyler , enter and stand against the back wall , wait . the bartender , irvine , call out : irvine drink up people . we be close . irvine flick on the light . drunken customer squint and get the message . they plop down money , leave . jack ( v.o . ) it be right in everyone 's face . Tyler and I just make it visible . irvine hit a button and the jukebox lose power . member of the wait army begin to share secret look . finally , one buy lock the door . two other guy close the blind . jack ( v.o . ) it be on the tip of everyone 's tongue . Tyler and I just give it a name . int . tavern basement - same a bomb-shelter . concrete wall . one bare bulb above , Tyler stand directly beneath it . tyler welcome to fight club . the guy mill around , find partner . everyone brim with eagerness , but try to act cool . chatter get louder . everyone spread out , form a circle , Tyler at center . jack ( v.o. ) every week , Tyler give the rule that he and I decide . peaking chatter , till Tyler raise he arm and the chatter die . a couple of cough , feet shuffling , then , silence . tyler the first rule of fight club be -- you do not talk about fight club . the second rule of fight club be -- you do not talk about fight club . the third rule of fight club be -- when someone say " stop " or go limp , the fight be over . fourth rule be -- only two guy to a fight . fifth rule -- one fight at a time . Sixth rule -- no shirt , no shoe . seventh rule -- fight go on as long as they have to . and the eighth and final rule -- if this be you first night at fight club , you have to fight . Tyler step back . a short guy , ricky , and a goateed man take off shirt and shoe and step to the center . jack ( v.o. ) this kid , ricky -- supply clerk -- could not remember whether you order pen with blue ink or black ink ... the two fighter circle , then begin throw punch ... jack ( v.o. ) but ricky be a god for ten minute last week when he trounce a actuary twice he size . harder , faster punch between the two . sweat fly . shout become deafening . ricky 's get the best of goateed man , pounding he ... jack ( v.o. ) sometimes all you could hear be flat , hard pack sound over the yell , or the wet choke when someone catch they breath and spray ... goateed man ( spittle - lipped ) ssssstop ... ! int . office park restaurant - day Jack , eat lunch , watch the broken - nosed waiter with a goatee -- from the above fight -- converse with a maitre D ' . jack ( v.o. ) even if I could tell someone they have a good fight , I would not be talk to the same man . the goateed waiter approach Jack and set a refill soda down on the table . the two of they briefly make eye contact . jack ( v.o. ) who you be in fight club be not who you be in the rest of the world . int . photocopy room - day Jack stand over a copy machine , hit by flash of light . he glance over he shoulder , watch ricky , wear a apron , push a supply cart . rick nod at Jack . jack ( v.o. ) you be not alive anywhere like you be there . but fight club only exist in the hour between when fight club start and when fight club end . int . jack office - day Jack , play solitaire on he computer , daub blood from he mouth with a handkerchief . boss , pass by the doorway , look in at Jack , irritate . boss what be you get yourself into every week ? Jack keep play solitaire . boss enter , fold he arm . jack ( v.o. ) after fight club , everything else in you life get the volume turn down . you can deal with anything . boss have you finish that report ? jack ( hand he report ) yes . jack ( v.o. ) the people who have power over you have less and less . Jack look at boss . reflexively , Jack 's tongue play with he tooth . jack ( v.o . ) by this point , I could wiggle most of the tooth in my jaw . ext . STREET - dusk Tyler and Jack walk , both smoking cigarettes . jack ( v.o. ) a guy come to fight club for the first time , he ass be a wad of cookie dough . after a few week , he be carve out of wood . jack if you could fight any celebrity ? tyler alive or dead ? jack do not matter . tyler hemingway . you ? jack shatner . William shatner . they reach a bus stop as a bus arrive , toss they cigarettes , get on board ... int . bus - dusk the bus be crowded . as Tyler and Jack walk toward the back , Jack study the face of other passengers ... jack ( v.o. ) we all start see thing differently . wherever we go . they hold hand grip . Jack look up at a advertisement ; a calvin klein ad feature a tan , bare - chest muscle stud . jack ( v.o. ) I feel sorry for all the guy pack into gym , try to look like what calvin klein and Tommy hilfiger say they should . Tyler look at Jack , look at the c.k. advertisement . tyler self-improvement be masturbation . self -destruction be the answer . a man in a suit knock Tyler 's shoulder as he pass . the man take a handle , close by . Jack 's piss , stare at the man , who stare back . jack ( to Tyler , so the man can hear ) you could take he . Tyler look to Jack , glance over he shoulder at the man . Tyler casually pick a small scab off Jack 's nostril . tyler the trick be not to care . Tyler stare forward . int . tavern basement - night Tyler hit the floor , stomach first . he opponent land on top of he , grapple , try for a choke hold . the surround crowd , Jack include , scream at they ... Tyler and the opponent wrestle desperately , and Tyler flip he attacker , get on top , sprawling to pin he . Tyler turn -- start reining punch into the opponent 's groin ... CUT to : Jack land a couple of blows to he opponent stomach -- bring up a leave uppercut that smashes the opponent 's jaw . tiny spatter of blood adorn the wall , along with sweat . Jack catch sight of a swollen - face Tyler , watch appreciatively , a smile grow slowly on he face . jack ( v.o. ) fight club be not about win or lose . it be not about word . the opponent recover , throw a headlock on Jack . Jack snake he arm into a counter headlock . they wrestle like wild animal . the crowd cheer maniacally . jack ( v.o. ) they hysterical shouting be in tongue , like at a pentecostal church . onlooker kneel to stay with the fight , cheer louder . the opponent smashes Jack 's head to the floor , over and over . jack ... stop ... jack ( v.o. ) when the fight be over , nothing be solve , but nothing matter . everyone move in as the opponent step away . Tyler push through the crowd . other lift Jack up . they turn they attention to the floor , to a blood mask of Jack 's face -- similar to the tear mask on bob' shirt . tyler cool . Jack limply shake he opponent 's hand . opponent how about next week ? jack look at I . how about next month ? everyone help Jack walk . he 's sweat , bleed , smile . jack ( v.o. ) afterwards , we all feel save . int . hospital emergency room - night a nurse tend to Jack while Tyler watch . tyler he fall down some stair . the nurse do not look at Tyler , just keep tend to Jack . jack I fall down some stair . jack ( v.o. ) sometimes Tyler speak for I . int . paper ST . house - bathroom - morning Tyler and Jack share the crack mirror . Tyler 's clipping at he hair with blunt , ill-suite scissor . Jack 's brush he tooth , spitting out pink foam . jack ( v.o. ) fight club become the reason to cut you hair short and trim you fingernails . tyler any historical figure . jack okay ... ghandi . tyler good answer . jack you ? tyler abe lincoln . Big reach . skinny guy fight till they be burger . Jack reach in he mouth , explore , pull -- yank a tooth . Jack look at it . Tyler put scissors down , do . tyler remember , even the mona Lisa 's fall apart . Jack drop the tooth in the sink with Tyler 's hair . int . paper ST . house - kitchen - late afternoon Jack enter , buttone he shirt . the phone ring . jack hello ? intercut with ... int . marla' build , hallway - same marla 's in the hall , on the payphone , twist the phone cord around she neck . marla where have you be the last few week ? jack marla ? Jack look through the archway and see Tyler , in he gummy flannel bathrobe , do sit-up . Jack lean , cup the phone . jack ( quietly ) how do you find I ? marla the forward number . I have not see you at any support group . jack that 's the idea -- we split they . marla you have not be go to yours . jack I find a new one . marla really ? jack it 's for man . marla like testicular cancer ? jack look , this be a bad time ... marla I have be go to debtor 's anonymous . you want to see some truly fuck up people ? jack I be just on my way out ... marla I too . I get a stomach full of xanax . I take what be leave of a bottle . might have be too much . Jack look exasperate , turn to look into the camera . jack ( v.o. ) picture yourself watch marla Singer throw herself around she crummy apartment . marla this be not a for-real suicide thing . this be probably one of that cry-for - help thing . jack ( v.o. ) this could go on for hour . jack so you be stay in tonight ? marla do you want to wait to hear I describe death ? Jack put the handset on top of the phone , still off the hook , walk out the back door . marla' voice do you want to listen and see if my spirit can use the telephone ? thru the archway : Tyler lean to look in , curious . int . bedroom - late night grunt of pleasure and exertion . glimpsis of torso , asse , legs , arm , breast , and female hair , all drenched in sweat . sheet rip . body hit the floor . insane grunting and laughing . a flash of marla' face . CUT to : int . jack bedroom - sunrise Jack sit up in bed , look around the room . int . 2 nd floor landing Jack step out of he room . the neighbor door be close . jack ( v.o. ) Tyler 's door be close . I would be live here two month , and Tyler 's door be never close . int . bathroom - same Jack stare into the toiler , look at six used condom . int . kitchen - morning Jack sit at the table , sip coffee , read reader 's digest . he hear footstep approach . jack you be not go to believe what I dreamt last night . marla walk in , straighten she dress , look like she 's be rape by a hurricane . Jack 's jaw drop . marla I can hardly believe anything about last night . marla go to pour coffee . she take a swig , gargle and spit it in the sink . she give Jack a lascivious smile . jack what be you do here ? marla what ... ? jack what the hell be you do here ? marla stare at he a beat , then drop the cup in the sink . marla fuck you . marla shove open the door to the backyard and walk out . Jack get up , watch she stomp away . Jack turn and -- Tyler be at he shoulder , stare after marla . he 's in he usual sweatpant . he grin at Jack , then move away , pour himself coffee . Jack , smolder , slump at the table and pick up reader 's digest . Tyler put he foot on a countertop , do stretch exercise . tyler she 's a piece of work . get this -- I come in here last night , the phone 's off the hook ... Jack pretend to read , quickly glance at Tyler . tyler' voice fade ... jack ( v.o. ) I already know the story before he tell it to I . int . kitchen - late afternoon ( flashback ) Tyler enter , gently lift the handset and listen . marla' voice ( from handset ) I will tell you when I be float out of my body . Tyler smile . jack ( v.o. ) how could Tyler , off all people , think it be a bad thing that marla Singer be about to die ? int . marla' - 8 th floor landing - late afternoon ( flashback ) Tyler , a wry smile on he face , amble up the stiar , look at the rotting wall . he reach the top of the stair and head for marla 's room . before he can knock , marla 's hand shoot out and grab he ... int . marla' room - continuous ( flashback ) marla pull Tyler inside and shut the door . her drugge eye look he over . marla you get here fast . she stagger and sit on the bed . she slide off , along with the blanket and sheet , to the floor . marla the mattress be all seal in slippery plastic . she try to focus she eye on Tyler . marla do I call you ? Tyler study she with cynical curiosity , look at a dildo lie atop a dresser . marla follow he gaze . marla do not worry . it 's not a threat to you . siren and vehicle screeching outside can be heard ; door open and slamming ; run footfalls . marla oh , no ! somebody call the cop ... she get to she foot , grab Tyler , pull he out the door . int . hallway ( flashback ) marla lock she door , then pull Tyler toward the staircase . cop and paramedics charge up with oxygen and medical kit . marla and Tyler flatten against the wall to let they pass . cop 8 - G ! where 's 8-g ? marla ( point ) end of the hall . the rescuer keep run . marla ( call after ) the girl who life there use to be a charming , lovely girl , but she 's lose faith in herself ... cop miss Singer , let we help you ! you have every reason to live ! marla yank Tyler 's arm , head down the stair . marla she 's a monster ! infectious human waste ! good luck try to save she ! int . kitchen - night ( flashback ) Tyler make coffee . marla slouches against the refrigerator . marla if I fall asleep , I be do for . you be gonna have to keep I up all night . int . kitchen - morning ( resuming ) Tyler chuckle , shake he head . tyler unbelievable , huh ? jack ( v.o. ) he be obviously able to handle it . Tyler stand across from Jack , get a cigarette from a pack . tyler I mean , this girl ... uh , you be not into she or anything ... ? jack no . not at all . jack ( v.o. ) I be Jack 's rage bile Duct . Tyler light he cigarette . tyler you be sure ? jack yeah , I be sure . tyler good . this chick be up on the table with she leg in the stirrup before the doctor even walk in the room . the thing that she say ... I have never hear a woman talk like that ... int . tyler be room - night ( flashback ) Tyler smoke , post-coital . marla put she lip to he ear . marla ( whisper ) I want to have you abortion . int . kitchen - morning ( resuming ) Tyler laugh , shake he head . Jack 's grip he reader 's digest just a little too tight . jack ( v.o. ) how could Tyler not go for that ? night before last , he be splicing sex organ into " Little mermaid . " Tyler sit , study Jack 's face . tyler you be okay with this ? jack I be fine . jack ( v.o. ) put a gun to my head and paint the wall with my brain . Tyler smoke . tyler she be a wild , twisted bitch . stay away from that one . jack oh , and my pace be more librarian . tyler hey ... do not knock librarian . jack marla do not need a lover . she need a case worker . tyler she need a exorcist . this be not love . this be sport-fuck . jack ( v.o. ) she would invade my support group , now she 's invade my home . tyler listen ... do I a favor ... sit here a minute ... Tyler pull out a closer chair , motion to it . Jack put down he reader 's digest and move to that chair . jack what ? tyler you have gotta understand something about I . I have a little rule , okay ? do not ever talk to she about I . ever . I can not stand that kind of shit . Tyler fix Jack with a friendly , but firm stare . tyler if you ever say anything about I or about what happen here in this house , to she or anyone -- I will find out . and you will never see I again . promise I . jack okay . tyler promise you will not . jack yes , I promise . tyler promise ? jack I say I promise ! tyler that be three time you promise . Tyler smile , get up and leave . Jack sit smolder . jack ( v.o. ) if only I have waste a couple of minute and go to watch marla die , none of this would have happen . int . live room - night Jack watch tv at high volume . sound of sex from upstairs . int . jack bedroom - night Jack lie calmly on he bed , stare at the ceiling . sound of thump and crash from beyond the wall . marla' voice ( muffle through wall ) miserable fuck discharge ! jack ( v.o. ) I could have move to another room , one on the third floor -- so I would not have hear they . but I do not . int . basement - night sound of rain . Jack flip fuse off , then walk upstairs . int . 2 nd floor landing - same Jack walk , hear marla scream in orgasm . he reach the landing . Tyler 's door be ajar . Jack peek in ... marla 's leg be sprawle on the bed . the door push OPEN wider -- Tyler , naked , stand close to camera . tyler what be you do ? Jack step back . jack I ... uh ... just go to bed . Tyler scratch he head , wear a rubber glove . tyler you want to finish she off ? jack uh... nah ... Jack continue toward he room . int . bathroom - night Jack brushes he tooth . jack ( v.o. ) I become the calm , little center of the world . I be the Zen master . close up - computer monitor haiku be be typed in a trendy , italicize font . " Worker bee can leave even drone can fly away the queen be they slave " jack ( v.o. ) I write little haiku poem . int . jack office - day Jack 's clothes be permanently stained with blood . he sit in Zen pose , cigarette in mouth , finish type haiku . jack ( v.o. ) I fax they around to everyone . he hit " send , " get the " error chime " SOUND . he press this key over and over . boss enter . boss be that you blood ? jack some of it , yes . boss stare at Jack like he 's from Mars . boss take the rest of the day off . come back tomorrow with clean clothes . get yourself together . int . hallway - same Jack 's leave , look like a war casualty , pass coworker who coldly stare at he . his face be totally passive . jack ( v.o. ) I get right in everyone 's hostile little face . yes , this be bruise from fight . I be comfortable with they . I be enlighten . ext . paper STREET - sunset Jack walk toward the house . jack ( v.o. ) you give up the condo life , give up all you flame worldly possession , go live in a dilapidate house in the toxic waste part of town ... int . tyler' kitchen - sunset Jack walk in . sound of violent sex and a polaroid camera from upstairs . piece of plaster fall from the ceiling . jack ( v.o. ) ... and you come home to this . tyler' voice ( laugh ) you fuck slut !! marla' voice thank you , sir , may I have another ! thank you sir , may I have another ... ! Jack roll he eye , take off he pants . he run water in the sink , find a tiny bit of soap and scrub at the blood stain . the phone ring . he answer it . jack yeah . speak . intercut with ... int . police station - office a cop , detective stern , refer to a file . detective stern this be detective stern with the arson unit . we have some new information about the " incident " at you condo . jack yes ? detective stern I do not know if you be aware ... you front door -- it seem someone spray freon into the lock , then tapped it with a chisel to shatter the cylinder . jack no , I be not aware ... jack ( v.o. ) I be Jack 's cold sweat . detective stern do this sound strange to you ? jack yes , sire , strange . very strange . Jack start to sweat , scrub he pants obsessively . detective stern the dynamite ... jack dynamite ? detective stern yes . it leave a residue of ammonium oxalate and potassium perchloride . do you know what that mean ? jack what do that mean ? detective stern it mean it be homemade . jack this be ... really a shock ... detective stern whoever set this homemade dynamite could have blow out the pilot light day before the explosion . the gas , it seem , be just a detonator . jack who do you think could have do this ? detective stern I will ask the question , son . tyler ( whisper in Jack 's ear ) tell he ... Jack almost leap out he skin , startle ; look to see Tyler stand right next to he . jack huh ? tyler ( overlap with / below ) " the liberator who destroy my property have re-align my paradigm of perception . " jack shhhhhh ! ( into phone , overlap with / above ) I do not know what to make of this , sir , I really do not ... detective stern do you know anyone who would have the expertise or motive to do something like this ? tyler " I reject the basic assumption of civilization , include material possession . " Jack push Tyler away , cup the receive . jack ( into phone ) no . no , sir . I love that condo . I love every stick of furniture . the lamp , the chair , the rug , be I . the dish be I . the plant be ... jack ( v.o. ) I would like to thank the academy ... detective stern well , if any idea come to you , give I a call . in the meantime , do not leave town . I may need to bring you in for question . end intercut Jack hang up . Tyler shrug . tyler could be worse . you could be curse with the three terrible karmas . you could be beautiful , rich and famous . Jack turn away , continue to scrub he pants . marla 's footstep can be heard come downstairs ... Jack really grind the soap against the pants , splash water . he turn , see marla enter . Tyler be gone . marla light a cigarette . jack ( v.o. ) except for they humping , Tyler and marla be never in the same room . marla I get this dress at a thrift store for one dollar . jack ( keep scrubbing ) Worth every penny . jack ( v.o. ) my parent pull this exact act for year -- one come in , the other disappear . marla begin a slow , exotic dance , move very close to Jack . she lift she dress dangerously high , dance close to Jack 's body , almost touhcing . marla ( seductive ) it 's a bridesmay 's dress . someone love it intensely for one day , then toss it . like a Christmas tree -- so special , then , bam -- it 's abandon on the side of the road , tinsel still cling to it ... Jack become very aware of have no pants on , press against the counter . marla pull she hemline further up . marla like sex crime victim , underwear inside - out , bound with electrical tape . jack ( coldly ) it suit you . she lean in very close to Jack 's ear , whisper hoarsely : marla you can borrow it sometime . Jack take a step away , keep scrubbing . marla blow smoke in he face . Jack take she cigarette and throw it in the sink . marla back away , feed up , storm out , go upstair . tyler ( o.s. ) get rid of she . Jack turn to see Tyler in the doorway . jack you get rid of she . tyler ( point at Jack ) do not mention I . marla 's footstep be come downstair . Jack look to the archway , then back at -- Tyler 's gone . marla enter , shoe and ball up clothing under one arm , look for something on the junk strewn table . jack ( v.o. ) I be six year old again , pass message between my parent . jack I , uh ... think you should go now . marla ignore , still search the table , toss thing , push other thing off to the floor . jack it 's time for you to leave . marla do not worry , I be leave . marla find what she want , a pack of cigarettes . she move up into Jack 's face . marla you be such a nutcase , I can not even begin to keep up . jack Goodbye . she laugh , spin on she heel . as she exit the back door , she sing " this merry - go-round " from " Valley of the doll . " Jack watch she through the kitchen window . tyler ( o.s. ) Nice work . Jack turn . Tyler 's right behind he . through the window , marla can be see walk away . Tyler pick up the remnant of soap Jack 's be use , hold it up to Jack . tyler to make soap , first we have to render fat . Jack look at Tyler . close up - sign : " danger - biohazard . " ext . fenced -in biohazard waste dump site - night Tyler stand inside the fence . Jack 's atop the fence , struggle to cross barbed wire . he wobble , get over , snag he shirt . Jack fall , rippppp . Tyler help . footstep . a flashlight beam . Tyler pull Jack behind a dumpster , one of dozen . a silhouette of a security guard move along the perimeter , flashlight first . he walk away . move back to Tyler and Jack , who emerge from hide . Tyler eagerly grab the lid of the close dumpster . tyler the best fat for make soap -- because the salt balance be just right -- come form human body ... Tyler lift the lid -- it creak . jack what be this place ? tyler a liposuction clinic . from the dumpster , Tyler pull out a industrial - size , thick plastic bag full of pink goo . tyler paydirt . from society 's richest ass and thigh . time CUT : Tyler and Jack climb back over the fence , carry bag of fat . one of Jack 's bag rip , spilling the goo down the chain - link fench . Jack slip and slide . Tyler laugh . Tyler try to scoop the run fat back into the bag . int . kitchen - night Jack and Tyler each stir a boil pot . tyler as the fat render , the tallow float to the surface . remember the crap they teach you in Boy scout . jack hard to imagine you in Boy scout . tyler this clear layer in glycerin . we will mix it back in when we make the soap . Tyler stick a spoon into a pot , lift up a scoop of the glycerin layer . then , he crab a can , open it . tyler lye -- the crucial ingredient . ( add lye to mix ) ancient people find they clothes get cleaner if they wash they at a certain spot in the river . why ? because , human sacrifice be once make on the hill above this river . Year after year , body burnt . rain feel . Water seepe through the wood ash to become lye . the lye combine with the melt fat of the body , till a thick white soapy discharge creep into the river . Tyler lick he lip until they be gleam wet . he take Jack 's hand and kiss the back of it . tyler the first soap be make from the ash of heroes . like the first monkey shot into space . the saliva shine in the shape of the kiss . Tyler pour a bit of the flake lye onto Jack 's hand . tyler without sacrifice , without death , we would have nothing . Jack 's whole body jerk . Tyler hold tight to Jack 's hand and arm . tear well in Jack 's eye ; he face tighten . tyler this be a chemical burn . it will hurt more than you have ever be burn and you will have a scar . Jack look -- the burn be swollen , glossy , in the shape of Tyler 's kiss . Jack 's face spasm . jack ( v.o. ) Tyler 's kiss be a bonfire on the back of my hand . tyler look at you hand . jack ( v.o. ) guide meditation work for cancer , it could work for this . shot of a GREEN maple leaf , glistening with dew . resume : Tyler look at Jack 's glaze and detach eye . tyler come back to the pain . do not shut this out . Jack , snap back , try to jerk he hand away . Tyler keep hold of it and they arm knock utensil off the table . jack ( v.o. ) I try not to think of the word " searing " or " flesh . " I imagine my pain as a ball of heal white light . shot of a forest , in gentle spring rainfall . resume : Tyler jerk Jack 's hand , get Jack 's attention ... tyler stop it . this be you pain -- you burn hand . it 's right here . look at it . jack ( v.o. ) I be go to my cave to find my power animal . shot of the inside of jack frozen ice cave . resume : Tyler jerk Jack 's hand again . Jack re-focus on Tyler ... tyler do not deal with this the way that dead people do . deal with it the way a live person do . shot of inside the ice cave - on marla , lying naked under a fur coat , turning her head to look toward US . resume : Jack try to pull he hand free . Tyler will not let go . Jack 's eye glaze over again . Jack speak , whiny from pain : jack I ... I think I understand . I think I get it ... tyler no , what you be feel be premature enlightenment . shot of a GREEN forest without rain . resume : Tyler slap Jack 's face , regain he attention ... tyler this be the great moment of you life and you be off somewhere , miss it . jack no , I be not ... shot of tree engulfed by a forest FIRE . resume : tyler shut up . we father be we model for God . and , if we father bail , what do that tell we about God ? jack I do not know ... shot of ember pouring from the hellish forest FIRE . resume : Tyler slap Jack 's face again ... tyler listen to I . you have to consider the possibility that God do not like you , he never want you . in all probability , he hate you . this be not the worst thing that can happen ... jack it be not ... ? tyler we do not need he ... jack we do not ... ? shot of inside ice cave - naked marla pull jack down on top of her - jack kiss her - cigarette smoke come from her mouth - jack cough . resume : Jack be a wide - eye zombie ... jack ... marla ... ? tyler fuck damnation . fuck redemption . we be God 's unwanted child , with no special place and no special attention , and so be it . Jack look at Tyler -- they lock eye . Jack do he best to stifle he spasm of pain , he body a quivering , coiled knot . he bolt toward the sink , but Tyler hold on . tyler you can go to the sink and run water over you hand . look at I . or you can use vinegar to neutralize the burn , but first you have to give up . first , you have to know that someday , you be go to die . until you know that , you will be useless . Jack spasm with a shiver of pain ... jack you ... you do not know what this feel like , Tyler . Tyler show Jack a lye - burned kiss scar on he own hand . tear begin to drip from Jack 's eye . Tyler grab a bottle of vinegar -- pour it over Jack 's wound . Jack close he eye , hold he hand ... slump to the floor . tyler congratulation . you be a step closer to hit bottom . int . barney be - day Jack and Tyler , in trench coat , look like deaht - warm - over , wait as a buyer fill out form . there be bar of " the Paper Street soap company " soap on the counter . Jack look like he 's half - expect to get arrest . his hand be bandaged . jack ( v.o. ) Tyler sell the soap to department store at twenty buck a ear . God know what they charge . how ironic . we be sell rich woman they own fat ass back to they . int . jack office - day Jack sit at he desk , play a game on he computer , smoking a cigarette . boss enter . jack ( v.o. ) he be wear a yellow tie . it must be Thursday . I do not even wear a tie to work anymore . boss slap a piece of paper down on Jack 's desk . boss " the first rule of fight club be you do not talk about fight club . " Jack snuff he cigarette in a ashtray , stare up stoically . jack ( v.o. ) I must have leave the original in the copy machine . boss " the second rule of fight club ... be this yours ? jack hmm ? boss you do not get pay to abuse the copy machine . jack " abuse " the copy machine . there 's a image . boss pretend you be I . you find this . what would you do ? Jack rise slowly , walk to he door , shut it . jack I ? I would be very careful who I talk to about this . it sound like someone dangerous write it ... someone who might snap at any moment , stalking from office to office with a armalite ar - 10 carbine - gas semiautomatic , bitterly pump round after round into colleague and co - worker . Jack move very close to boss , pick up the paper and start tear it into piece . jack might be someone you have know for year ... somebody very close to you . or , maybe you should not be bring I every little piece of trash you pick up . Jack put the paper in he trash . bass stare with a tinge of outrage , a tinge of fear . phone ring . Jack answer it . jack compliance and liability . marla' voice my tit 's go to rot off . jack just a second . ( to boss ; smile ) could you excuse I ? I need to take this call . boss go to the door , stare at Jack a beat , then leave . jack ( into phone ) what be you talk about ? intercut with - close up of marla ... marla would you do something for I ? I need you to check and see if there 's a lump in my breast . I can not afford to throw money away on a doctor . jack I do not know ... marla please . jack ( v.o. ) she do not call Tyler . I be neutral in she book . ext . marla' HOTEL - sunset Jack walk down the sidewalk , see marla take two box from a van with the sign " meal on wheel . " int . marla' room - moment later marla lead Jack inside . jack this be a sweet side of you . pick this up for ... ( read the box : ) " Mrs. haniver " and ... " Mrs. raine . " where be they ? marla tragically , they be dead . I be alive and I be in poverty . you want any ? jack no , thanks . marla good . he stare at she while she eat . marla what happen to you hand ? Jack awkwardly put he bandage hand behind he back . jack nothing . int . marla' room - night marla stand face a mirror with she shirt open . Jack stand behind she with he hand on the bottom side of she breast . marla 's hand guide he . jack where ? here ? marla here . jack there ? marla here . jack here . marla feel anything ? jack no . Jack 's head be behind marla 's . they speak softer , slower . marla make sure . jack okay . okay , I be sure . marla you feel nothing ? jack nothing . marla turn around and face he , begin to button she shirt . marla well , that 's a relief . thank you . jack no ... no problem . marla I wish I could return the favor . Jack touch he own chest , shake he head . jack I think everything 's okay here . marla I could check you prostate . jack uh ... nah . marla ( pause ) well ... thanks , anyway . marla lean to kiss he -- linger for a bit longer than just friendly . Jack pull away . jack so .... be we do ? marla sigh . marla yeah , we be do . see you around . ext . HOTEL - moment later Jack emerge from the lobby . he look up at marla 's window , watch she silhouette . he walk away , right into -- Big bob , the moose , eat a donut and drink orange juice . bob cornelius ! how be you ? jack bob. I be okay . how be you ? bob better than I have ever be in my life . jack really ? great. still " remain Men together ? " a intense look of bear -again fervor come over Bob 's face . bob no . I find something new . jack really , what 's that ? bob ( quietly ) the first rule be ... you be not suppose to talk about it ... jack oh. bob and the second rule about it be ... you be not suppose to talk about it . and the third rule ... jack Bob , Bob ... I be a member . bob you be ?! jack look at my face . Bob roughly slap Jack 's shoulder . bob that 's a fuck great , man ! Fucking great ! congratulation . jack yeah , both of we . bob you know about the guy who invent it ? I hear all kind of thing . supposedly , he be bear in a mental institution . they say he only sleep one hour a night . you know about this guy ? Tyler durden ? int . basement - electronics wkrehouse - night the crowd scream insanely as Bob and Jack go at it in the circle of light . Bob 's eye be wild with glee . ext . basement door - electronics warehouse - later everyone sneak out of this new location - we have see none of this guy before - it 's a new chapter . Jack and Bob stagger out last , Jack be in worse shape . they both grin with religious serenity . Bob hug Jack . bob thank you . thank you . Bob relax the hug and Jack drop to the ground like a sack , completely enervate from the beat he take . jack you be welcome . jack ( v.o. ) fight club -- this be mine and Tyler 's gift ... we gift to the world . int . kitchen -- morning Jack have he briefcase on the table , look at paperwork . Tyler wander in , carry a dirty pot to the sink . Jack take out a cigarette , light up . he offer the pack ... tyler no thanks , I quit . jack you quit ? tyler yeah . where you head ? jack work . go to work . Tyler scratch he chin absently . jack what ... ? tyler nothing . do what you like . Tyler walk out the way he come . int . jack office - day Jack sit stare at he screen saver . int . boss's office - day Jack step into the open doorway , knock on the doorframe . boss look up from he large , expensive desk . jack we need to talk . boss okay . where to begin ? with you constant absenteeism ? with you unpresentable appearance ? you be up for review ... jack I be Jack 's complete lack of surprise . boss sit up in he seat , become enraged . jack let 's pretend . you be the Department of transportation , and you discover that we company intentionally do nothing about leather seat cure in third world country with chemical we know cause birth defect ? brake lining that fail after a thousand mile . fuel injector that burn people alive . boss just who the fuck do you think you be ?! get out ! you be fire ! jack what about this ? keep I on payroll as a outside consultant . in exchange for my salary , I will keep my mouth shut . I will not need to come to the office . I can do this job from home . boss stand , move around he desk , glaring with rage . boss you little fucker ! I oughta ... Jack punch himself in the nose . blood start to trickle . he punch himself in the jaw , throw himself back as if by the force of the punch , slam against a frame picture and shatter the glass . he fall to the floor . jack ( v.o. ) I be Jack 's smirk revenge . Jack get back to he foot . jack please ... do not hit I again , please . I be you responsibility ... he punch himself in the stomach , then in the jaw again . he reel backwards , pull down a hang shelf , its content fly . he hit the floor . jack ( v.o. ) for some reason , I think of my first fight -- with Tyler . Jack crawl toward boss , drip blood , grab boss 's leg . jack please ... give I the paycheck like I ask for . I will not be any trouble . you will not see I again . Jack climb up boss 's leg while boss try to shake he off . boss stumble back into he desk , knock off belonging . jack ( v.o. ) under and behind and inside everything this man take for grant , something horrible have be grow . Jack crawl high enough to grab boss 's belt , hoist himself up . he dribble blood a boss 's clothing , smudge blood from he face onto the knuckle of boss 's hand . jack please ... please ... jack ( v.o. ) and right then , at we most excellent moment together ... two security guard enter and gape at the sight . behind they stand curious worker , look in . jack ( gurgle blood ) please do not hit I again . int . tyler' house - entrance foyer - day Jack hold a check in front of Tyler 's face . jack six month advance pay . six month ! tyler Fucking sweet . jack okay , and ... and ... Jack dig in he pocket , take out a thick bundle of card . jack forty -eight airline flight coupon . plus ... hold on ... just a minute ... Jack hold up a finger , go to open the front door . he drag a unwieldy shopping cart in behind he ; fill with he computer , phone , fax and other office equipment . jack I be now officially self - employ . Jack look at the cart , then back at Tyler , proud . tyler good for you . int . lou' tavern - basement - night loud . a enormous crowd of guy , include Jack and Bob , stand around Tyler , who 's in the center of the circle , hold up he hand to quiet they ... tyler I look around ... I look around and see a lot of new face . a enthusiastic rumble from the crowd . tyler shut up ! which mean a lot of you have be break the first two rule of fight club . a glum silence fall . guy look at each other . tyler I see in fight club the strongest and smartest man who have ever live -- a entire generation pump gas and wait table ; or they be slave with white collar . ( more ) tyler ( cont ) advertisement have they chase car and clothes , work job they hate so they can buy shit they do not need . we be the middle child of history , with no purpose or place . we have no great war , or great depression . the great war be a spiritual war . the great depression be we life . we be raise by television to believe that we would be millionaire and movie god and rock star -- but we will not . and we be learn that fact . and we be very , very piss -off . the crowd erupt into a deafening chorus of agreement . Jack look at the blaze excitement in the eye of the crowd . tyler we be the quiet young man who listen until it 's time to decide . a fat , middle - aged man stomp down the stair , push into the crowd , follow by a tall , hefty thug who hold a gum . tyler who be you ? fat man ( lou ) who be I ?! there 's a sign on the front that say " Lou 's tavern . " I be fuck Lou . who the fuck be you ?! tyler Tyler durden . Tyler extend he hand for a shake , but Lou slap it away . lou who tell you motherfucker you could use my place ? tyler we have a deal work out with irvine . lou irvine ? irvine 's at home with a break collarbone . everyone glance guiltily at each other . lou he do not own this place , I do . how much money 's he get for this ? tyler there be no money . lou really ? tyler it 's free to all . lou ai not that something ? tyler yes , it be . lou look , stupid fuck , I want everyone outta here now ! tyler you be welcome to join we club . lou do you hear what I just say ?! tyler you and you friend . Lou slug Tyler in the stomach , double he over . lou you hear I now ? Tyler gain he breath , determine . he look up , turn he head , look to Jack . Jack watch , wide -ey . Tyler straighten , face Lou . tyler no , I be sorry , I do not hear you . Lou punch Tyler in the face . some of the guy move forward , but the thug point he gun . Jack -run forward anyway -- Lou punch he in the face . more guy move forward , but Tyler wave they off , face Lou . tyler we really need to use this place . Lou proceed to beat the shit out of Tyler , punching he face , he stomach . Tyler collapse to the floor . Lou start kicking he . Tyler bleed from the mouth and face . tyler that 's it .... that 's good . get it all out . you will feel better . Lou flush red with exasperation , kick more . finally , sweat , bewilder , Lou stop . he look to the thug , who be just as bewilder . suddenly , Tyler spring up , grab onto Lou ... tyler yes , I be shit and crazy , to you and this whole fuck world ... Tyler 's blood spatter on Lou . Lou try to shake Tyler off , but Tyler bite Lou 's necktie . the thug grab Tyler and pull , the necktie tightening and strangling Lou . Lou slap at Tyler 's face , but recoil from the blood . Tyler spit and shout through clench tooth ... tyler you do not know where I have be . Tyler bear hug Lou , pull he to the floor . Tyler rub he bloody face into Lou 's face . the thug lift Tyler . Tyler cling to Lou 's belt , drag Lou as he be drag ... tyler we need this place . we need it . please let we keep it , please ... blood dribble out of Tyler 's mouth , spattering Lou . lou what be you do ?! tyler pleeeeeease ! lou okay ! okay , fuck it ! use the basement ! get off I ! tyler we need some towel , Lou . we need replacement light bulb . lou alright , Christ ! Fucking let I go ! tyler thank you . thank you , sir ... lou let go of I !! Tyler let go of Lou 's belt . Lou scramble away . the thug drop Tyler , try to keep clear of the blood . Lou get to he foot , look at Tyler , then at the rest of the guy . he and the thug back away ... slamm the door behind . fight club surround Tyler . they help he up , move he to a crate . Tyler sit slump for a long moment , he breathe labor ... then , he sit back , crossing he leg and look to the group , he demeanor businesslike . tyler this week , each of you have a homework assignment . you be go to go out and start a fight with a total stranger ... ( pause , drool blood ) you be go to start a fight ... and you be go to lose . Jack beam in appreciation . ext . STREET - day ricky trip a pass yuppie . the yuppie fall . jack ( v.o. ) not as easy as it sound . people will do just about anything to avoid a fight . the yuppy get up , angry , and ricky punch he ... yuppie hey ! wha ... what the hell ... what be you do ?! who be you ?!! the yuppie back away . ricky follow ... yuppie get away from I ! keep away ! no ... ! ricky tackle the yuppie . the yuppie struggle spastically . yuppie who be you !? why be you attack I ... ?! have no recourse , the yuppie begin trading blow . ext . auto shop - day a mechanic with a batter face use a hose to wash the sidewalk . as men pass , he jerk the hose up and sprays they . first man hey ... hey ... second man watch out , jackass ! this man continue on they way . the mechanic spray a third man , a seminary student , who look down , stunne . seminarian you ... you do that on purpose ! the mechanic douse the seminarian . the seminarian grab the hose , wrestle the mechanic for it . the mechanic shove the seminarian , who respond with a half - ass punch . the mechanic purposely take it . the seminarian start to run away . the mechanic sprint after he , punching the seminarian in the back of the neck . they fight . int . record store stockroom - night a fist smashes a jaw . guy cheer . a arm snake around a neck and squeeze , blood and sweat drip . it 's the yuppie and the seminarian fight . Tyler walk around the perimeter of the circle . jack ( v.o. ) now nobody be the center of fight club except the two man fight . the leader walk around in the crowd , out in the darkness . Tyler hand envelope out to the crowd . jack ( v.o. ) everyone take a homework assignment . ext . STREET - late night ricky and another fight clubber paste up a billboard which read : " did you know ? you can use you old motor oil to fertilize you lawn ! -- environmental protection agency . " int . paper STREET house hand use a marker , write on a file : " disinformation . " ext . large parking lot - day Jack and Tyler , in work glove , armed with tool , work together to lift the entire metal plate of exit spike from the ground . they reverse it , then replace it . moment later Jack and Tyler walk away , each carry a 4 x4 plank of wood . jack there 's fight club in delaware City . tyler I hear . local 15 , Monday night . as they pass parked car , they swing the plank against front bumper -- activate alarm and inflating AIR bag ... jack local 8 just start in penn Grove . and , Bob say he be at fight club in newcastle last week . tyler newcastle ? do you start that one ? jack I think you do . in the background , a car quickly exit the parking lot -- front tire exploding , wheel rim throw spark . int . family household -- night father , mother , young daughter and son , eat dinner , watch television . suddenly , the tv image turn to snow and static . family member stop eat . Father pick up the remote , point it -- all channel be snow . Father turn the tv off . he and he family member look at each other , utensil in hand , uncomfortable . ext . CITY rooftop - night the yuppie swing a baseball bat -- destroy a digital satellite dish . the yuppie and the seminarian move on , climb to a neighbor rooftop . they come upon another dish . the seminarian take the bat , take a swing ... int . paper STREET house hand place news clipping into a file : " mischief . " int . airplane cabin - on ground - day two airplane maintenance , men , with bruise face , rip open a box from a print shop . they dig up airplane safety instruction card and begin insert they into each seatback . we see a card - it show passenger scream and flailing about in terror . int . business office - night huge office . row and row of desk . fight club member work : one guy move from computer monitor to computer monitor , use a drill to drill a hole into the top of each . other guy follow behind , with funnel and can of gasoline , fill each monitor with gasoline . int . paper STREET house file and newspaper clipping be pile up . hand write on a new file folder : " arson . " ext . rooftop -- day the yuppie crumble a loaf of stale bread into a bucket , stir it with a big spoon , mixing in a bottle of ex - lax . nearby , Rob throw handfuls of wet breadcrumbs to pigeon ... hundred of pigeon -- a rooftop feed - frenzy . ext . convenience store - night Tyler and Jack cross the parking lot , towards the convenience store . Jack wear a backpack . tyler let I have that a minute ... Tyler take the backpack , unzip it , search the content . jack what be we do ? tyler homework assignment . jack what be it ? Tyler take out a handgun , hand the backpack back . tyler human sacrifice . Jack turn white , stare at the gun . ext . behind the convenience store - moment later the back door open and Tyler bring the store 's clerk out at gunpoint , force he to he knee . Jack follow , freak . Tyler point the gun at the clerk . jack ( v.o . ) on a long enough time line , the survival rate for everyone drop to zero . clerk please ... do not ... tyler give I you wallet . the clerk fumble he wallet out of he pocket and Tyler snatch it . Tyler pull out the driver' licence . tyler Raymond K. hessel . 1320 SE ben , apartment A. a small , cramped basement apartment . raymond how would you know ? tyler they give basement apartment letter instead of number . Raymond , you be go to die . Tyler rummages through the wallet . tyler be this a picture of Mom and dad ? raymond yesssss ... tyler you mom and dad will have to call kindly doctor so - and - so to dig up you dental record , because there will not be much leave of you face . raymond please , God , no ... Raymond begin to weep , shoulder heaving . jack Tyler ... tyler a expire community college student id card . what do you use to study , Raymond K. hessel ? raymond s-s-stuff . tyler " stuff . " be the mid-term hard ? Tyler ram the gun barrel against Raymond 's temple . tyler I ask you what you study . jack tell he ! raymond biology , mostly . tyler why ? raymond I ... I do not know ... tyler what do you want to be , Raymond K. hessel ? Raymond weep and say nothing . Tyler cock the gun . Raymond gasp . tyler the question , Raymond , be " what do you want to be ? " a beat . jack answer he ! raymond a veterinarian ! tyler animal . raymond yeah ... animal and s-s-s --- tyler stuff . that mean you have to get more schooling . raymond too much school . Tyler shove Raymond 's wallet back into Raymond 's pocket . tyler would you rather be dead ? raymond no , please , no , God , no ! Tyler move the gun right between Raymond 's eye . raymond nooooo ! Tyler uncocks the gun , lower it . tyler I be keep you license . I know where you live . I be go to check on you . if you be not back in school and on you way to be a veterinarian in six week , you will be dead . get the hell out of here . Raymond stagger to he foot , head down a alleyway . Jack and Tyler watch Raymond flee , then Tyler look at Jack . jack I feel sick . tyler imagine how he feel . Tyler bring the gun to he own head , pull the trigger -- click . empty . jack I do not care , that be horrible . Tyler walk away . tyler tomorrow will be the most beautiful day of Raymond K. hessell 's life . Jack watch Tyler go . tyler his breakfast will taste better than any meal he have ever eat . Jack turn to look the direction Raymond run . he finally turn back , follow after Tyler . int . business office - night slow motion : in the desert office , gasoline fill computer monitor begin to explode ... boom ... boom ... boom ... ! ext . CITY street -- morning luxury automobile be park , splatter with bird shit . ext . paper ST . house - backyard - dawn viewed out 3rd story window : Tyler use a rake , drag it across rock and dirt . he stop a moment , rake on he shoulder , stare off . then , back to work ... tyler ( mutter quietly ) ... you be not how much money you have in the bank . you be not the shoe you wear . Tyler 's mark a large square in the weed and rubble of the backyard , kick rock away , drag the rake ... tyler you be not the content of you wallet ... int . CITY bus - night the driver have a break nose . the bus be empty , except for Jack , in the very last seat , sleepy . jack ( v.o. ) he have a plan . maybe you just do not see it till it hit you between the eye . ( pause ) but , it start to make sense ... in a Tyler sort of way . no fear . no distraction . the ability to let that which do not matter truly slide . ext . paper STREET - night Jack get off the bus . as the bus pull away , we see it drop Jack off right in front of the house . int . kitchen - moment later Jack enter . Tyler , dress in fatigue and splatter with paint , grab beer from the refrigerator . jack hey . tyler hey . Jack notice rope and rappelling tool on the table . Tyler come to hand Jack a bunch of beer , nod to the live room . tyler go on in . we be celebrate . int . live room - continuous Jack , bewilder , enter carry beer . Tyler do not follow . bob , ricky and several other fight club guy sit in front at the tv , chant not too loudly , all also dress in fatigue and splatter with paint . ricky you be not you job . other together you be not you job . ricky you be not how much money you have in the bank . bob shhhh , wait ... they be back to it ... Bob go to turn up the tv . one guy , sixteen year old with a angelic face , angel face , get up to take beer from Jack . angel face ( to Jack ) great , thanks . angel face start distribute beer amongst he cohort . bob shhhhh ! watch ! Jack look to the tv -- it show a live shot of the " parker morris build . " the building have a giant , grinning face painted on it -- two broken window for eye , with flame pour out ... firetrucks spray water . reporter ( v.o. ) Police commissioner Jacobs have just arrive ... just a second ... excuse I , commissioner , could you tell we what you think have happen ? commissioner jacob , a wrinkle official , turn to camera . commissioner jacob ( v.o. ) we believe this be related to the recent act of vandalism around the city . it 's some kind of organize group , and we be coordinate a rigorous investigation . Jack turn , see Tyler in the archway , watch he . Tyler tip he beer to toast , pull back , out of sight . jack what do you guy do ? they all burst into laughter . they look at Jack and shake they head . Jack do not get it . suddenly , the guy ' face turn to stone . Bob sit rigid . bob the first rule of Project mayhem be ... you do not ask question . Jack stare at they . CUT to : int . HOTEL ballroom - night a luxurious banquet . commissioner Jacobs guzzle champagne . he rise and start out of the room . Jack , in a waiter' uniform , look apprehensively to other waiter : bob ... ricky ... angel face -- who all give each other a look . int . hallway Jacobs saunter down a empty hall . he stop to check he tie in a mirror . he push open the door of the men' bathroom -- face to face with tyler . int . bathroom Tyler grab commissioner Jacobs , pull he into the bathroom . he slap a piece of tape over Jacobs ' mouth . the other " waiter " rush in . Jack stay back to keep the door shut . Tyler and the other hold Jacobs , pull down he pants . Bob snap a rubber band -- reach to Jacob 's crotch . tyler wrap it around the top of he hackie- sack . bob man , he ball be ice cold . ricky produce a knife , move it down to Jacob 's testicles . Jacobs be bug-ey . Jack , red -face , keep he distance . tyler you be not go to continue you " rigorous investigation . " you will publicly state that there be no underground group . or -- imagine , the rest of you life with you scrotum flap empty . jacob ( mouth tape ) ... no ... please , no ... tyler we will send one to the New York Times and one to the Los Angeles Times . Press release style . you nut will be bicoastal . understood ? the people you be after be everyone you depend on . ( more ) tyler ( cont ) we do you laundry , cook you food and serve you dinner . we guard you while you sleep . we drive you ambulance . do not fuck with we . ricky make a dramatic cut with the knife , cause Jacobs to jump -- ricky hold up the severe rubber band . ext . HOTEL - later Jack , Tyler and the other file quickly out the back service entrance . Tyler give angel face a hearty slap on the back . angel face smile at Tyler , nod , grin . Jack see this , he eye narrowing , stop walk . int . tavern basement - night fight club in full swing . Jack battle angel face , beat the shit out of he with unprecedented viciousness . jack ( v.o. ) I feel like put a bullet between the eye of every Panda that would not screw to save its species . the crowd shout maniacally , save Tyler , who watch with a inscrutable stone face . angel face try to speak , but Jack pound too hard . blood fly . the crowd begin to grow quieter . jack ( v.o. ) I want to open the dump valve on oil tanker and smother all the french beach I would never see . finally , angel face lie still , unconscious . Jack stop , stare down , numb . Jack walk away -- the crowd part to let he pass . Jack scan face ... find Tyler . tyler where do you go , psycho - Boy ? jack I feel like destroy something beautiful . ext . STREET near lou' tavern - later raining . Tyler and Jack walk through pool of streetlight . a idling car honk . Tyler lead Jack toward it . a bruise - face valet parker throw key to Tyler , but Jack intercept . valet there you be , Mr. durden . Airport parking , long term . jack ( motion to car ) after you , Mr. durden ... tyler no ... after you . int . stolen car Tyler get in the driver 's seat . Jack get into the front passenger seat . ricky and the mechanic be in back . ext . STREET Tyler pull the steal car away from the curb . it have two bumpersticker : " recycle you animal " and " make mine veal . " int . stolen car - moving - later rain gushes down . Jack stew , silent . the car move down a highway , intermittently illuminate by oncoming headlight . tyler something on you mind ? jack no. Tyler shrug ; turn on the radio , ignore Jack . jack why be not I tell about " Project mayhem ? " tyler what should I have tell you ? jack why be not I involved from the beginning ? you and I start fight club together . tyler fight club be the beginning . now it 's out of the basement and there 's a name for it -- Project mayhem . ricky and mechanic ( together ) the first rule of Project mayhem be you do not ask question . jack this be as much mine as yours . tyler be this a needlepoint club ? be it about you and I ? jack you know what I mean . tyler what do you want ? a statement of purpose ... ? jack look ... tyler should I e-mail you ? should I put this on you " action item list ? " jack I want to know -- tyler what do you want to know about Project mayhem ? ricky and mechanic ( together ) the first rule of Project mayhem -- jack ( to ricky and mechanic ) shut up !! ( to Tyler ) I want to know what 's go on . Tyler steer the car into the opposite lane , accelerate ... oppose headlight get closer fast ... tyler this do not belong to we . we be not the leader . we be not special . jack what be you do ?! tyler we be the all -singe , all - dance crap of the world . we be all part of the same compost heap ... jack Tyler ... Tyler steer back into the proper lane . the other car fly past , horn sounding ... jack what the hell ... ?! tyler you choose you level of involvement . I will not make decision for you . jack I be not ask you to . tyler you be ask question that do not have answer . you know just as much about Project mayhem as anybody else . jack I do not think that 's true . Tyler again steer into the oncoming lane , speed up . through the windshield : oncoming headlight -- a truck . jack Tyler ... what be this ... ! Jack fight to turn the wheel , but Tyler use both hand . tyler what will you wish you would do before you die ? ricky paint a self -portrait . mechanic build a house . tyler ( to Jack ) and you ? jack I do not know ! nothing ! tyler if you die right now , how would you feel about you life ? jack I would feel nothing about my life ? be that what you want to hear ?! the oncoming truck honk and flash its light . it move to the other side of the road . Tyler steer there , too . tyler I want to hear the truth . jack fuck my life . fuck fight club . fuck you and fuck marla . I be sick of this . how 's that ? tyler why do you think I blow up you condo ? jack what ? tyler hitting bottom be not a weekend retreat ! it 's not a seminar ! you have to forget everything you know , everything you think you know -- about life , about friendship , about you and I . near impact with the oncoming truck , Tyler take he hand off the wheel -- Jack keep he grip , turn the wheel ... the car swerve ... the truck roar past , spraying water , horn blasting . Tyler look at Jack , he hand in the air . Jack look at Tyler with dead eye . jack okay , okay ... fine ... Jack take he hand off the wheel , hold they in the air . Tyler study Jack face , impressed . Tyler make no move to take the wheel . through thr windshield : a stall car ahead on the side of the road , surround by flare . Jack and Tyler 's eye stay lock as the car drift onto the shoulder ... head for the stall car . they face be illuminate by the light of the flare . Tyler smile . they smash into the stall car -- airbag inflate ! the back of they car whip around and carry it into a ass - over - tea-kettle roll down a hill ... jack ( v.o. ) I would never be in a car accident . this must have be what all that statistic feel like before I file they into my report . the car finally hit the bottom , lie on its roof . ext . overturned car Tyler crawl from the passenger side . he walk around ... open the driver 's side door and drag Jack out into the mud . ricky and the mechanic climb out the break rear window . Tyler sit beside the stunne , wounded Jack . tyler we just have a near-life experience . int . jack bedroom - late night Jack lie in bed , traumatize , eye empty , stare at the ceiling . Tyler sit in a nearby chair . tyler in the world I see -- you be stalking elk through the damp canyon forest around the ruin of rockefeller Center . you will wear leather clothes that last you the rest of you life . you will climb the wrist - thick kudzu vine that wrap the sear Tower . you will see tiny figure pound corn and lay - strip of venison on the empty car pool lane of the ruin of a superhighway . Tyler stand , give Jack 's head a pat . tyler ( leave ) feel better , champ . int . kitchen - moment later Jack sit at the table , sip coffee . he 's pale , daze , seem break . he hear the faint SOUND of sawing and hammering , unsure of where it 's come from . marla walk into the kitchen and go straight to the counter . her back be to Jack as he look at she . she pour ccffee and light a cigarette . a beat of silence , then : marla I will be out of you way in a sec . she seem to be as weak as Jack . jack you ... do not have to ... leave . marla whatever . jack really ... I mean it . ( pause ) have you be go to you group ? marla Chloe 's dead . jack when ? marla do you care ? jack I do not know . marla it be the smart move on she part . marla turn to face Jack , a grim expression on she face . there 's a bruise on she arm . Jack get up , move closer . jack why be we both ... catch up like this ... with ... ? jack ( v.o. ) I come so close to say Tyler 's name , I could feel it vibrate inside my mouth . marla look a he , wait . jack I do not understand . why do a weak person have to go out and find a strong person ... to hang onto ? marla what do you get out of it ? faint SOUND of sawing and hammering . Jack can not quite figure where it 's come from . jack you hear that ? marla hear what ? jack that ... saw and hammer . marla have we be talk too long ? must we change the subject ? Jack turn -- through the crack of the open basement door , Tyler 's stare at Jack from the bottom of the stair . tyler ( harsh whisper ) you be not talk about I , be you ? Jack react , turn back to marla . jack ( to marla and Tyler ) no. marla that day you come over to my place to play doctor ... what be go on there ? tyler ( still a whisper ) what be you talk about ? jack ( to marla and Tyler ) nothing . marla nothing ? I do not think so . tyler ( whisper ) this conversation ... jack this conversation ... tyler ... be over . jack ... be over . marla come to touch Jack 's hair . Jack close the basement door . marla see the kiss -scar on Jack 's hand , grab he hand . Jack try to pull it back , but marla keep a grip . marla what be this ? who do this ? jack ... a person . marla guy or girl ? jack why would you ask if it 's a guy or a girl ?! marla why would you get bent if I ask ? jack let go of I ... ( pull he hand free ) leave I alone . marla you be afraid to say . marla back away , close she eye , struggle with frustration . she leave out the back door , not look back . Jack lean against the wall . after a moment , he open the basement door , head downstairs ... int . basement staircase Tyler walk upstairs , pass as Jack continue down ... int . basement - continuous Jack look around . triple -decker bunk clutter the basement , as many as can fit into the space . jack ( call upstairs ) Tyler ... ? what 's this for ? from upstairs , the SOUND of the doorbell . int . live room - moment later Jack open the door . ricky stand on the porch , stare ahead in subordinate military style . he 's in black pants , black shirt , black shoe , hold a paper bag , with a army surplus mattress roll - up at he foot . jack um ... what can I do for you , ricky ? Tyler step up beside Jack , look ricky over . tyler you be too young . sorry . jack wait a minute ... Tyler come back inside , shut the door . jack " too young ? " tyler if the applicant be young , we tell he he 's too young . Old , too old . fat , too fat . jack " applicant ? " tyler if the applicant wait at the door for three day without food , shelter or encouragement , then he can enter and begin training . jack " train ? " Tyler ... ext . porch - moment later Jack come out , walk around ricky , hand in he pocket , unsure . Tyler watch , nod for Jack to go ahead . jack uh , look . you be too ... young to ... train here . you should probably be on you way . no response from ricky , who remain at attention . Jack go back inside . Tyler close the door . ext . porch - night ricky remain at attention . Jack burst out with a broom , knock the brown bag out of ricky 's hand , kick it away . jack be you deaf ?! I tell you to leave ! you will never get inside this house ! ext . porch - morning ricky 's still there . Tyler come out , friendly . tyler look , friend , I be sorry for the misunderstanding . it 's not the end of the world . just go away . you be trespasp and I will call the police . nothing personal . ext . porch - night ricky , same spot . Jack burst outside with the broom again . jack you be never get through this door , you stupid little weasel ! look at I when I talk to you ... ! he whack ricky in the shoulder with the broom . jack what be you major malfunction !? int . jack room - continuous at the window , Tyler sip coffee , watch this scene on the porch below . jack ( v.o. ) sooner or later , we all become what Tyler want we to be . ext . porch - morning ricky 's there . Bob be now next to he , in black , with a paper bag in hand , mattress at he foot . Tyler step out . Jack stay in the doorway , lock eye on Bob . to all the follow question , ricky answer " Sir ! " -- tyler you have two black shirt ? two pair black trousers ? one pair black boot ? two pair black sock ? one black coat ? Three hundred dollar personal burial money ? go inside . ricky go in . Tyler turn to Bob . tyler you be too old . sorry . and , you be too fat . Nice see you . Bob look genuinely hurt . he pick up he mattress and start away . Tyler look at Jack and roll he eye . Jack follow Bob ... jack Bob ... Bob , wait ... ( lead Bob back ) let I explain this to you ... ext . porch -- night cricket chirp . Bob stand at at rigid attention . int . 2 nd floor landing - night Tyler and Jack stand in bathroom doorway , watch ricky finish shaving off all of he hair . Tyler come to give the top of ricky 's head a sharp slap . tyler a monkey , ready to be shot into space . a Space monkey , ready to sacrifice himself for Project mayhem . from here on , all that with shave head : " space monkey . " ext . porch - day Jack look out the window . Bob stand motionless . there 's another " applicant , " a short guy , beside bob. ricky come out the front door with the broom ... ricky ( to Bob ) you be too fuck old , fatty ! we do not want you kind here ! ( to short guy ) you be too short . go away , stumpy ! go back to the circus ! ricky hit they with the broom , then go in , slam the door . jack ( v.o. ) so it go ... ext . backyard - day Tyler work with a half dozen space monkey , prepare the square of backyard . they pull weed , clear rock ; work with shovel , rake , etc . they cart away wheelbarrow of rock and carry in sack of fertilizer . jack ( v.o. ) Tyler build he army . in the kitchen window , Jack watch ... int . kitchen - continuous Jack keep watch out the window , eat toast . jack ( v.o. ) to what purpose , might one ask ? well , one might ask , if not for the first rule of Project mayhem . Jack turn to look around the kitchen . three space monkey work -- one scrubbing the floor , one washing dish , one scrubbing the wall . Jack walk out . jack ( v.o. ) in Tyler we trust . int . jack room - day Jack open he eye , awaken to sunlight through the window . jack ( v.o. ) and , then ... int . upstair landing - day Jack slowly push open the door to Tyler 's room ... jack Tyler ... the room be empty . Jack stare . jack ( v.o. ) he be go . int . live room - day Jack come downstairs ... find dozen of space monkey . int . kitchen - night Jack enter . Space monkey render fat and make soap . they pinch herb , add they to the mix . they add vodka . off to the side , a couple monkey stir a vat of rice . on the wall be a big bulletin board with hundred of driver 's license ; a sign above it : " human sacrifice . " freckle space monkey " you be not a beautiful and unique snowflake . you be the same decaye organic matter as everything else . we be all part of the same compost heap . " jack ( v.o. ) Planet Tyler . Jack dip a spoon into the rice , chomp on it irritatingly . freckle space monkey " we be the all -singe , all - dance crap of the world . " Jack pick up a bottle of vodka . jack ( v.o. ) I have to hug the wall , trap inside this clockwork of Space monkey , cooking and work and sleep in team . int . reading room - night Jack enter , vodka in hand . ten space monkey here , read . jack ( v.o. ) the house become a live thing , wet inside from so many people sweat and breathe . so many people move , the house move . Jack walk out . int . office - day Jack enter . angel face read a book , mark on a chart . Space monkey shuffle paper and news clipping . wall be line with file , each label with a STREET address , under sign : " mischief , " " disinformation , " " arson . " Jack 's eye linger on " arson . " he start flipping through a file . angel face come to take the file from he . angel face that would not interest you . jack where 's Tyler ? angel face the first rule of Project -- jack right , right . as angel face replace the file , Jack notice -- a lye - burned kiss - scar on the back of angel face 's hand . ext . back yard - night Jack take a swig of vodka , smoke . in the background , a Space monkey whack a applicant with a broom . it 's a ritual ; no word . other Space monkey tend the garden . jack ( v.o. ) I be all alone . I be Jack 's Broken heart . Jack drop he cigarette in the gravel , step on it . a Space monkey immediately come to clean it up . jack get away from I ! marla' voice ( o.s. ) who be all this people ? Jack turn , see marla with a overnight bag . jack the Paper Street soap company . marla can I come in ? jack he 's not here . marla what ? jack he 's not here ! Tyler 's not here anymore ! he 's go away ! marla stare at Jack , miserable . a tear run down she cheek . she turn and walk away . Jack watch she go . there 's a loud commotion from the house , voice shout . Jack head to the back door ... int . kitchen - continuous Jack enter . ricky crawl , bleed from a gunshot wound to the leg . Space monkey begin a rudimentary job of treat the wound . other Space monkey carry in a dead body in black clothes and ski mask , put it on the table . jack what 's go on ? Space monkey stare at the body . the mechanic , sweat , get to he knee and pull the ski mask off the corpse -- it 's bob , with a gunshot wound to the head . jack Bob ... oh , Christ ... Jack push past a Space monkey , stare down , stricken ... jack what ... what happen ... ? mechanic ( out of breath ) we be on assignment ... ext . sculpture park - night ( flashback ) a sculpture adorn with a giant globe on top . mechanic ( v.o. ) we be suppose to kill two bird with one stone : a series of explosion blast the globe free . it roll ... mechanic ( v.o. ) a piece of corporate art ... the globe roll downhill , to the street -- roll over one park luxury car after another , crunching car roof and cause window to explode ... mechanic ( v.o. ) ... and trash a trendy coffee bar . then , the globe arrive at the lobby of a HOTEL ... broadside a limo , ricochet ... roll directly into the front of a close arrosto coffee bar , smashing window ... decimate coffee push-pat ... ext . park - aerial view - ( flashback continuous ) Bob , the mechanic and ricky flee , laughing at they handiwork . they split up , run o.s. mechanic ( v.o. ) we have it all work out , man . it go smooth ... until ... harsh voice Police ! freeze ! o.s. sound of gunshot and flash of muzzle FIRE . int . kitchen - night - ( resuming ) the mechanic look up from Bob 's corpse . mechanic they shot Bob ... they shot he in the head . that fucker ... Jack walk away from Bob 's corpse , distraught , hold he head , turn to look back , he eye fill with tear . another space monkey we gotta do something . ricky we get to get rid of the evidence . we have to get rid of this body . angel face bury he ... Jack look around in disbelief . jack what ... ? angel face the garden . take he there . move , people . let 's do this ! several Space monkey gather around Bob 's body . jack no ... ! Space monkey stop . Jack get between they and Bob , shove a few Space monkey back ... jack get you hand off he ! get off ...! what the hell do you think you be do ... ? evidence ?! this be a man ... ! you kill he ! angel face he be kill in action . jack no! look at you ! you be ... you be run around in ski mask , explode thing ... angel face he be kill serve Project mayhem . ricky it 's what he would have want , sir . jack what he want ? look ... look at he . look at he ! what do he want ? ( wipe tear , point at Bob ) this be a person . this be not a cog in you machine ... ricky but , this be Project mayhem . jack no , no . this be a man -- this man have a name ... ricky but , in Project mayhem , we have no name . jack no! wrong ! this man 's name be Robert paulson . ricky Robert paulson ? jack Robert paulson be dead . he 's dead , because of you ... mechanic I understand . everyone just stare at Jack . mechanic in death , a member of Project mayhem have a name . jack no -- ! mechanic his name be Robert paulson . ricky his name be Robert paulson ! jack no ! all space monkey his name be Robert paulson ! jack stop that -- ! all space monkey ( louder ) his name be Robert paulson ! his name be Robert paulson ... Jack back away , surround , push he way out of the room . int . tyler be room - moment later Jack barge in , go to the desk , rifling through drawer . he find flight coupon , use and unused . the use coupon . have the flight information , include the destination city . the phone ring . Jack answer it ... jack Tyler ? detective stern' voice ( from phone ) this be detective stern of the arson unit . I would like to see you in my office tomorrow morning ... Jack , in a panic , hang up . insert - a airplane take off ... int . plane cabin - day Jack sit stiffly in a seat . jack ( v.o. ) I go to the city on Tyler 's use ticket stub . insert - a sign : " LA guardia INTERNATIONAL airport " ext . airport - night Jack hurry from the terminal , run to a taxi ... jack ( v.o. ) in every city , I branch out from the airport to downtown , bar - hopping ... int . taxi - in motion , mid - CITY - night Jack 's look out the window , intently watch building . jack ( v.0 . ) I do not know how or why , but I could look at fifty different bar , and somehow I just know ... jack ( to driver , point ) here . let I out , right here ... int . bar - night Jack enter . he see several male patron with fight bruise . Jack move to the bar . the bartender have a break arm and swollen face . jack I be look for Tyler durden . bartender never hear of he . jack this be a emergency . it 's important I find he . bartender I wish I could help you ... sir . the bartender wink at Jack . insert - aerial view - atlanta skyline - night jack ( v.o. ) every city I go to ... insert - aerial view - chicago skyline - day jack ( v.0 . ) ... as soon as I set foot off the plane ... insert - aerial view - dallas skyline - night jack ( V. ) . ) ... I know fight club be close . int . airport terminal - night Jack run through the airport , lug he suitcase . jack ( v.o. ) Tyler be set up franchise , all over the country . int . dry cleaners - day the proprietor , he head bandage , be confront by Jack . jack I need to know where Tyler be . can not you help I ? bandaged proprietor Sir , you be disturbing the other patron with you laudish behavior . jack ( point ) there 's no one else here . bandaged proprietor I be sorry , I have not the faintest idea what you be talk about . jack look at my face . I be a member . I just need to know if you have see Tyler durden . bandaged proprietor I be not disclose to bespeak any such information to you , nor would I , even if I have say information you want , at this juncture be able . Jack look around , incredibly frustrated . jack you be a moron . bandaged proprietor I be afraid I have to insist you leave . Jack give up , shove he way out the door . int . CITY bus - day Jack sit on the bus , look out the window . the bus stop . jack ( v.o. ) under and behind and inside everything I take for grant , something horrible have be grow . out the window , a construction worker with a broken nose work a jackhammer . he stop , wipe he brow . int . sport bar - day tvs show football . Jack be seat with two bruise patron . bruise patron # 1 no one 's ever see he . no one know what he look like . bruise patron # 2 he have facial reconstructive surgery every three year . jack that 's the stupidest thing I have ever hear . bruise patron # 1 be it true about fight club in Miami ? bruise patron 12 be Mr. durden building a army ? jack ( v.o. ) be I asleep ... ? int . airplane - night Jack sit awake . everyone around he be asleep . jack ( v.o. ) have I sleep ? I be not sure if Tyler be my bad dream or if I be Tyler 's . ext . mid - town street - day Jack step off the sidewalk , hail a taxi ... ext . CITY alley - day the alleyway 's desert . Jack heaft to rusty cellar door . he open the door , look around , head down stair ... jack ( v.o. ) I be live in a state of perpetual deja vu . int . dank basement - continuous Jack enter this dark basement , walk ahead in the dim light . the place be damp and empty . Jack stop , look down . jack ( v.o. ) everywhere I go , I feel I have already be there . at he foot -- dried blood on the concrete floor . insert - aerial view - phoenix skyline - day int . another bar - day Jack walk in . the place be empty . he walk to a kitchen door , open it and peer in at ... a group of kitchen worker solemnly stand in a circle , chant ... kitchen worker his name be Robert paulson . his name be Robert paulson ... man' voice ( o.s. ) ( from behind Jack ) welcome back , sir . Jack whirl , startle -- face the wounded bartender , who wear a neck brace , he nose a smashed eggplant . wounded bartender how have you be ? jack ... you know I ? wounded bartender be this a test , sir ? jack yes ... it 's a test . wounded bartender you be in here last Thursday night . jack what ? wounded bartender you be stand right where you be now , ask how good we security be . it 's tight as a drum . jack who do you think I be ? wounded bartender be this part of the test ? Jack nod slowly . the bartender hold up he hand , show the kiss scar on the back of he hand ... wounded bartender you be the one who do this to I . you be Mr. durden , sir . Tyler durden . jack ( v.o. ) please return you seatback to they full upright and lock position . int . HOTEL room - night Jack burst inside , out of breath , run to grab the phone , punch a number , do not bother to turn on the lamp . intercut with ... int . marla' room - same marla answer . marla yeah ? jack marla , it 's I . have we ... have we ever have sex ? marla what kind of stupid question be that ?! jack because the answer 's " yes " or because the answer 's " no ? " marla be this a trick ? jack will you just answer I , for christsake ?! marla you mean , you want to know if I think we be just have sex or make love ? jack we do make love ? marla be that what you be call it ? jack answer the question ! marla you fuck I , then snub I . you love I , you hate I . you show I you sensitive side , then you turn into a total asshole ! be that a pretty accurate description of we relationship , Tyler ? jack ( v.o. ) we have just lose cabin pressure . jack what do you say ... ? marla what be wrong with you ? jack say my name . marla what ... ? jack say my name ! what 's my name !? marla Tyler durden ! Tyler durden , you fuck freak . what 's go on ? I be come over there ... jack marla , no , wait ... as marla hang up . Jack stare at the receiver , daze ... tyler' voice we have get six fight club in Chicago now ... Jack spin , drop the phone -- tyler sit beside he . tyler four in milwaukee . jack what 's this all about , Tyler ? tyler and , we be definitely fill a void in the rural South . jack why do people think I be you ? tyler you break you promise . you talk to she about I . jack why do people think I be Tyler durden ? tyler why do you do that ? jack answer I , Tyler . tyler why do people think anything ? jack I do not know ! tell I ! Tyler shake he head in disgust , extremely irritate . tyler people think that you be I , because you and I happen to share the same body . jack what ... ? tyler be this really news to you ? jack what be you talk about ... ? tyler sometimes I control it , and you imagine yourself watch I ... flashback - hallway - night commissioner Jacobs check he tie in a mirror , go to open the door of the men' bathroom -- face to face with jack . flashback - lou' bar basement - night jack stand surround by eager fight club member , under the bare bulb , talk and behave like Tyler ... jack the first rule of fight club be -- you do not talk about fight club . int . HOTEL room - resuming tyler and , sometimes you control it ... flashback - ext . paper STREET house - day Jack stand in the yard , vodka in hand , yell at marla . jack he 's not here ! Tyler 's not here anymore ! he 's go away ! int . HOTEL room - resuming tyler you can see I and hear I , but no one else can ... flashback - curbside - night jack sit alone on the curb , watch the nearby freeway . he talk to someone beside he , but nobody 's there . jack anyone ? ( think ) my boss , probably . ( pause ) who would you fight ? Jack listen , look at the empty space beside he . jack oh , yeah . ( nodd ) I do not really know my dad ... int . HOTEL room - resuming tyler but , when you fall asleep , I do thing without you ... flashback - tyler' bedroom - night jack be on top of marla , sweat , make violent love ... int . HOTEL room - resuming tyler I go place without you . get thing do ... flashback - build - night the parker Morris Building . jack , Bob , ricky , angel face and another guy rappel down the side , spraying paint . jack be " tyler " in demeanor , mannerism , speech ... jack ( shouting ) you be not you job . you be not how much money you have in the bank . two window shatter outward -- two men look out and yell : bruise man # 1 I be not my job ! bruise man # 2 I be not how much money I have in the bank ! int . HOTEL room - resuming Jack 's have trouble catch he breath . Tyler stand . tyler there ! happy ? I ask for one thing from you ... one simple promise . now look what you have do ! jack this be not possible ... tyler we be go to have to do something about marla ... jack what ... what be you say ? tyler it 's okay . we okay ... a little codependent , sure , but ... Jack shake he head in disbelief , in denial ... jack no ! this be not true . we ... we be around other people , together , both of we ... tyler you never talk to I in front of anyone else . jack wrong , wrong -- what about the car crash ... the two guy in the backseat ? tyler what about they ? they be lunatic . jack you take I to the house . tyler the house be rent in you name . jack you have job . tyler night job -- while you be sleep . jack what about marla ? tyler what about marla ? jack she 's ... you ... you be fuck she . tyler um , well ... technically , no . Jack stand , try to absorb , feel ill , try to find word , then -- he suddenly faint to the floor , out cold . jack ( v.o. ) it 's call a " changeover . " the movie go on , and nobody in the audience have any idea . int . HOTEL room - pre-dawn Jack 's eye snap open . he sit up , alone . he remember the previous night ... look at himself in the mirror ... look at the clock -- 4:35 be . int . hallway the room door slam OPEN as Jack burst out of the room , carry he suitcase , sprint for the stairwell ... int . stairwell Jack race down , three step at a time , drag he suitcase - boom , boom , boom - behind he ... int . lobby Jack hurry to the front door , he suitcase half - break open , pass the front desk . a desk clerk call after he . desk clerk Sir ... sir ? be you check out ? jack yes . the clerk follow the length of the counter , wave a paper . desk clerk please initial this list of phone call . jack Bill I ! Jack go out the door , freeze . he rush back in , go to the desk -- snatch the bill , study it : many number . jack wait ... when be this make ? desk clerk it say right there , sir ... between two and three - thirty this morning . Jack look at the clerk , at the bill , at the clerk . jack I need a copy of this . int . airplane cabin - in flight - day Jack stare out the window , he face set hard . jack ( v.o. ) have I be go to bed earlier every night ? have I be sleep later ? have Tyler be in charge longer and longer ? ext . paper STREET - day a taxi halt . Jack leap out , point to the grungy cabbie . jack wait here . int . paper ST . house , live room / kitchen - moment later Jack walk in to find the place empty and deserted . he continue on into the kitchen , gawk at bathtub and canister hold vast amount of liquid . there be hose , gas mask , beaker , test tube and pump . he pick up a bottle label " nitric acid . " int . tyler' room Jack sit by the phone , pull out the HOTEL bill , run he finger up and down the list of phone number ... jack ( v.o. ) deja vu , all over again ... Jack finger stop on a number . he dial , phone to he ear . voice ( from phone ) eighteen -eighty -eight . Jack see a file on the wall : " 1888 century park east . " jack who be this ? voice maintenance . jack listen , something be go to happen , something terrible ... voice very good , Sir . jack Excuse I ? voice do not worry about we , sir . we be solid . jack now wait , there 's be a mix - up . everything 's change ... voice you tell I you would say that . jack abort the plan . voice you tell I you would say that , too . jack do I tell you I would call you a fascist dickhead ?! voice well , sir , you say you might . Jack hang up , desperately dial the next number on the bill . different voice ( front phone ) twenty-one-sixty . maintenance . Jack see a file : " 2160 pico boulevard . " he throw the phone , pockete the bill . he grab up all the file . ext . marla' HOTEL - sunset Jack 's taxi halt . marla walk out of the lobby door , see Jack get out of the cab , laden with file ... jack marla ! marla make a sharp turn , walk away . Jack follow , hugging the file to he chest , catch up . jack marla ... marla you whacked - out , bald freak hit I with a fuck broom . I think they be go to break my arm . jack I be sorry , I ... marla the be burn they fingertip with lye . the stink be unbelievable . jack marla ... I need to talk to you . it 's go to take a tremendous act of faith on you part for you to hear I out . marla here come a avalanche of bullshit . marla head into a diner . Jack follow ... jack -- a little more faith than that . int . diner - moment later marla sit in a booth . Jack sit across from she . marla I do not want to hear anything you have get to say . jack give I a minute , marla , alright ... just sixty second . marla sixty second , then I be out of here . jack absolutely , you have every right . I need you to do I a favor . marla I have do you enough favor . a waiter with a black eye appear at the table . waiter Sir ! anything you order be free of charge , sir . marla why be it free of charge ? jack because ... I be Tyler durden . marla then , I will have the clam chowder ... fry chicken and a baked potato with everything and a chocolate chiffon pie . Jack look to the pass - through window into the kitchen where three cook look out with stitch in they face . jack clean food , please . waiter in that case , sir , may I advise against the lady eat the clam chowder ? jack thanks , no clam chowder . that 's it . the waiter snap to attention and leave . marla you get about thirty second . jack ( take a deep breath ) I know that I have be ... unwell . I know it 's be like there 's two side to I . marla two side ? you be Dr. jeckle and Mr. jackass . jack I deserve that . anyway , I have ... I have only just realize marla what ? jack I mean , the depth and breadth of we relationship have only recently be illuminate for I . I know this ... I know we have not be such a great thing for you ... marla whatever . ( to waiter ) I will take my food to go ... marla 's get up to go , but Jack rise , feed up , take she by the arm , put she back in she seat . jack sit down ! sit down and give I my last fifteen second without open you mouth ! marla cross she arm . Jack collect himself . jack I be try to tell you -- and this be where you have to trust I -- but , I think you life might be in real danger . marla what ? jack you have to get out of here . leave as soon as possible . go to any rural town , away from any major city ... marla you be a insane person . jack marla ... marla no , no , shut up ! I have have enough . I try , Tyler ... I have try ... marla 's get upset , tear come to she eye . marla there 's a part of you I really like , but I can not do this anymore . I just can not . this be kill I ... jack I be sorry , but I ... marla what ?! you be sorry ? I do not believe that for a minute . marla get up . Jack grab for she , but she 's go , head for the door . Jack gather he file , run to follow ... ext . diner - momest later Jack push out the door , file under one arm , catch up ... jack I can not explain . you would not believe I anyway . I be try to protect you ... Jack grab she arm , try to hail a taxi , but the taxi race past . marla pull free , scream at he ... , marla let go of I ! jack do this for I , marla . do this for I , if you never do anything else ... Jack spot a bus idling further up the street . marla leave I alone ! I do not ever want to see you again ! jack okay , if that 's what it take , you will never have to see I again . ( dig in he pocket ) here ... here ... he pull money from he pocket , hold it out . jack take this money , get on this bus ... ( point to bus ) get on , and I promise you , I will never bother you again , if that 's what you want . please ... marla look at Jack , numb . marla Tyler ... jack I be begging you . get on the bus . get on the bus . marla take the money from Tyler , walk towards the bus . as they approach it , Jack shield he eye , afraid to look ... marla why be you do this ? jack I can not let myself see where you be go . go wherever it take you , remember ... keep away from major city ... marla stand at the door of the bus , heartbroken , give one last look at Jack . marla ( hold up the money ) I be not pay this back . I consider it " asshole tax . " jack yes , fine . just , get on . stay away a couple of week , at least . Jack 's still cover he eye . marla get on the bus . marla Tyler ... Jack finally look to she . marla you be the worst thing that ever happen to I . door hiss shut . the bus leave , head away . Jack seem relieved . then , a scream be heard from marla ... Jack turn , look ... through the bus window : the bus be fill with bald men in black : Space monkey . Jack sprint after the bus ... the bus speed away . onboard , Space monkey subdue marla . Jack fall to the asphalt , roll , file - fly . jack Son of a bitch ! int . police station - day Jack run to the front desk , craze , dump the armload of file on the desk in front of the desk sergeant ... jack ( loudly ) I want you to arrest I . I be the leader of a terrorist organization responsible for act of vandalism all over the city . detective stern in arson know who I be ... int . interrogation room - later detective stern and three detective stand , stare at Jack , who 's seat . on the table be the phone bill and file . jack there be probably several hundred member in the metropolitan area . chapter be sprout in at least five other major city . they be tightly - regiment , with many cell capable of operate without a central leader . check this address : 1537 Paper Street . you will find the body of Robert paulson bury in the garden . you will also find numerous tub use to make gallon of nitroglycerin . the plan , I believe , be to blow up this credit card headquarters and the trw building . stern why this building ? jack you be not you job . you be not how much money you have in the bank . stern ( to other detective ) keep he talk . stern leave . a beat , then , the remain detective smile at Jack with reverence . flat -top detective I really admire what you be do . you be a brave man to order this . jack what ? redhead detective you be a genius , sir . they grab Jack and force he on he back on the table . flat - top have a rubber band ; the bald detective have a knife . bald detective you know the drill . you say if anyone ever try to interfere with Project mayhem , even you , we get to get he ball . flat-top pull Jack 's pants completely off , toss they aside . Jack scream . flat - top hold he leg . flat -top it 's useless to fight . redhead this be really a powerful gesture , Mr. durden . it will set quite a example . jack no ... you be make a mistake ! flat -top you tell we you would say that . jack I be not Tyler durden ! baldy you tell we you would say that , too . jack okay , I be Tyler durden and I be order you to abort the mission ! flat -top you say you would definitely say that . baldy what 's we best time for a " cut and run ? " flat -top four minute . baldy be somebody timing this ? redhead ( look at he watch ) wait till the second hand get to the twelve . a knock at the door . flat - top slap a hand over Jack 's mouth . he and redhead block view of the table as baldy open the door a crack . stern mutter : stern some of this info check out . let 's go to the place on Paper Street . baldy glance back at the other detective , leave , close the door . the two remain detective continue . Jack kick and scream and writhes . the detective wrangle he , but with more difficulty , now that baldy 's go . redhead ( check he watch ) Mr. durden , you be go to fuck up the time ! Jack get one leg free , kick , knock flat-top backwards -- flat - top slam the wall , fall . redhead let go of one of Jack 's arm , jam he elbow into Jack 's throat ... cut off the airway . Jack 's face redden ... he 's choke ... Jack 's free hand reach , search .. pull redhead 's gun and point it at he . redhead back off . Jack get up , gasp for air , pistol - whip flat-top as he rise . Jack grab one of the file off the table . ext . police station - day Jack , without pants , in boxer short , escape out the back door . he look at the address on the file folder . ext . STREET Jack sprint down the middle of the street , gun in hand , look like a complete madman . Cars almost hit he . ext . bank build - later Jack , sweat and panting , stop , look ... then head toward the build with the address " 1888 . " ext . 1888 lobby Jack try the door . lock . he lift a cast iron bench , run forward -- ram it into the glass . the bench immediately recoil from the glass , slam Jack 's groin ! Jack fall to he knee , double over , hold he package . then , he rise , shoot the glass ... int . 1888 lobby Jack push through the break glass . he sprint for the " parking " door ... int . ground level - parking Jack enter , look -- no car . he bolt to the stair ... int . top - level parking area - seventh floor Jack enter , heaving . again , no car . he move from one support post to another , search . he finally spy , across the garage , nine large canister , heavily - wired . Jack run to the bomb , frantic . he walk around it . there 's a digital clock , tick down from " 10:05 " ... Jack move to pull the lid off one canister , look inside .. tyler could be worse ... Jack look -- Tyler 's seat , he back against one post . tyler you could be stand under 37 storey of steel and concrete with a 150 gallon of nitroglycerin strapped to the support ... oh , maybe it could not be ... jack ( point at bomb ) you ... you can not be serious about this . tyler what a ridiculous thing to say . jack I can not let you ... tyler ... go through with this ? what be you go to do ? jack I be go to ... tyler ... stop I ? jack I be not go ... tyler ...to let this happen ! jack stop finish ... tyler ... you sentence ! they be we sentence . get you mind around that . Tyler get up walk to Jack . tyler what be you do run through the street in you underpant ? we both use that body . jack since when be Project mayhem about murder ? tyler the building be evacuate thirty minute ago . everything 's proceeding exactly as plan . jack you do not know that . there could still be people inside . Tyler keep walk around , cross he arm . tyler maybe . maybe a couple of guy with shave head could not synchronize they watch . good riddance . Jack look back to the bomb , go to it , wipe sweat off he face . he start finger the many wire , sorting they . tyler I would not be do that . unless you know which wire , in what order ... jack if you know , I know . Jack hold he gun under one armpit , use both hand to go through the tangle of color wire . tyler or ... maybe I know you would know , so I spend the whole day think about the wrong one . Jack choose one wire , GREEN , hold it in he finger . jack if I be wrong , we be both dead .. tyler this be not about martyrdom . Jack twist the GREEN wire around he finger . jack I be pull the green wire . tyler Green ? do you say green ? Tyler come a little closer , lean to try to get a look , seem genuinely concerned . jack yes ... tyler do not pull the green wire . pull anything but the green wire . jack fuck you . tyler I be serious . that 's the wrong one . Jack 's unsure , swallow , pull the wire taunt , finger tremble . the SOUND of a vehicle be heard from below ... tyler hear that ? marla 's here . just in the nick of time , eh ? Jack look to Tyler . Tyler point towards the SOUND ... tyler see for yourself . Jack release the wire , walk to a railing , gun in hand , keep a eye on Tyler . Jack look over the railing ... below , a bus idle . the door open and marla' drag out , kick and scream , carry by six space monkey ... marla you motherfucker ... they carry marla into the building's entrance . Jack lean against the railing , exhaust . tyler I have get everything . the bomb . the army . I have get marla . jack Bob be dead , Tyler . the police blow a hole in he head . be that part of you plan ? Tyler think , shrug . tyler Bob be a grow man . in any great struggle , there will be casualty . would not that be implicit in the name ? Project " mayhem . " jack fuck you struggle . I want out . tyler you want out ? jack I quit . tyler not a option , for the most obvious of reason . you need to get with the program . ( look at he watch ) Seven minute . let 's get out of here . Tyler 's walk away . Jack look at the gun in he hand . he point the gun at Tyler ... jack Tyler ... tyler ( still walk away ) what ? jack ( cock the gun ) defuse the bomb . Tyler stop walk . tyler ask I nicely . jack defuse the bomb , please . tyler defuse the bomb ? jack yes . Tyler stride towards the bomb . Jack train the gun ... jack please . Tyler look at the bomb , reach over to it . he grip the GREEN wire , yank it out -- the clock stop . Jack lower he gun . tyler I do that for you . as a gesture . now , how fast can you run ? there be ten other bomb , in ten other building in the immediate area . if you be go to get they all , you better get crack . ( look at watch ) six minute . Green wire , remember . I will be upstairs . Jack 's stunne . Tyler walk across the parking garage , past Jack , head for the stair . Jack aim the gun at Tyler 's back , fire ! Tyler duck to one side , impossibly quick , avoid ... Tyler spin to face Jack . tyler whoa ! what be that all about ? Jack aim ... fire ! Tyler dodge behind a post as the bullet throws concrete . Jack edge forward , gun hold in both hand , move around the post ... Tyler be not there . Jack turn , take slow step , move the gun from side to side ... suddenly , a fist enter frame -- slug Jack 's face . Jack fall . the gun go clatter across the floor ... Jack turn , look ... Tyler 's gone . Jack look to the gun , scramble to he foot , run to pick up the gun ... Tyler kick Jack in the chest , send Jack sprawling . Jack roll , hold he chest . he look up , see Tyler run into the stairwell . Jack grab the gun and follow ... int . stairwell Jack smashes the door open . the stairwell 's empty . Jack run up a flight of stair , kick open another door ... int . MAIN lobby Jack step forward , gun up ... two interlocked hand slam down onto he head . Jack drop to the floor . Tyler back away , laugh . Jack get to he foot , aim he gun ... tyler Fire at will . Jack clenches he tooth , firing -- nothing happen to Tyler . Jack fire twice -- no effect . Tyler raise he arm . tyler what do you expect ? Jack charge . Tyler dodge , punch , knock the gun out of Jack 's hand . they fight , trading punch , grapple , take each other to the floor ... CUT to : int . security office - continuous bank of security monitor sit unmanned . on one monitor : Jack be see in the lobby , on the floor , alone , wrestle himself . he swing he leave hand up , punch empty air , then swing he right hand -- punching himself in the side of the head ... int . MAIN lobby Tyler and Jack fight viciously , bloody . Tyler manage to get he hand around Jack 's throat , start banging Jack 's head against the floor ... security monitor p.o.v. ... Jack 's get he hand around he own throat , banging he own head against the floor , over and over ... int . MAIN lobby Jack manage to break Tyler 's grip , kick Tyler away . Tyler spring to he foot , run , head for a staircase . Jack get up , breathe hard , hold he head , follow ... on the stair , Tyler reach the loft level , above the lobby , disappear around a corner . Jack 's right behind , turn the corner -- Tyler 's not there . Jack receive a sharp slap on the back of the head . he wheel . Tyler be not there . a tap on he shoulder . Jack turn around -- wham ! -- Tyler punch he face . Jack fall against the loft railing . Tyler come forward , swing ... security monitor p.o.v. Jack punch himself square in the nose ! int . MAIN lobby Jack 's daze . Tyler grab Jack 's shirt , pull he forward , swing he -- throws he down the stair ... Jack tumble horribly down ... hit bottom , strike he head on the floor . Jack pass out ... fade to black : int . large social room - top floor close on : Jack 's head jerk back as he snap awake . he look around , try to focus he eye ... jack p.o.v . -- track in the sawdust of the floor , from where he body be drag across to where he be how . close on : Jack try to comprehend . he turn he head -- tyler' hand bring the gun up , put the gun in jack mouth . Jack freeze , look around with he eye ... pull back to : Tyler be seat in Jack 's lap . Tyler hold the gun in Jack 's mouth , he arm around he . this huge room be be remodel . Tyler and Jack be seat near floor - to-ceil window afford a spectacular view of the CITY . Tyler look at he watch . tyler one minute . jack ( v.o. ) I think this be about where we come in . tyler ( look out window ) this be the beginning . we be at ground zero . maybe you should say a few word , to mark the occasion . jack i... ann ....iinn .. ff ....nnyin ... Jack tongue the barrel to the side of he mouth . jack ( still distort ) I still can not think of anything . Tyler check he watch . tyler it 's get exciting now . Jack turn , so he can see down -- 31 stories . tyler look what we have accomplish . ( check watch ) thirty second . ( look out window ) out this window , we will view the economic collapse . one step closer to global equilibrium . I be glad you be here with I . Tyler watch the skyline , whistle at tune , wait . jack ( distort ) can not you call it off ... ? tyler it 's out of we hand . ( look at watch ) this be it . jack please ... tyler Fifteen second now . can you see alright ? 10 ... 9 ... 8 .... Tyler look out the window , at surrounding building , excited . Jack close he eye , despair . tyler 5 ... 4 ... 3 ... 2 ... out the window , the skyline remain unchange . nothing . a long beat . a very dark scowl come over Tyler 's face . Jack open he eye . more wait . Tyler look genuinely surprised , piss - off . tyler what the fuck -- ? jack paraffin . tyler what ? jack ( relieved ) paraffin . you merry band mix the nitro with paraffin . I see it float in the bomb . ( more ) jack ( cont ) they must have run out of cotton and epsom salt . paraffin be iffy at best . Tyler rise , take the gun from Jack 's mouth , start pace . Jack rub he sore jowl , allow himself a smile . tyler damn it ! god-damn it ... jack not exactly accord to plan . tyler do we have to do everything ourselves ?! Tyler stop walk , let out a sigh of disgust . he reach into he pocket , take out a walkie talkie . tyler ( into walkie talkie ) ... codename rooster . passcode first Strike ... Jack 's eye go wide . jack no ... tyler ( into walkie talkie ) proceed with remote detonation . Jack leap -- tackle Tyler . the gun be knock away . Jack strike Tyler 's face repeatedly with he elbow , scramble off ... Jack get the gun , turn , point it . Tyler 's get to he foot , see the gun , annoyed . Jack stand . tyler have not we already do this ? Jack shoot twice . bullet pass right thorough Tyler . Tyler just roll he eye , drop the walkie-talkie to the floor and stomp on it , crushing it . jack ( point ) how would you do that ?! you be a fuck figment of my imagination ... you be psychogenic fugue state ... tyler fuck that , maybe you be my hallucination . Jack falter , point at Tyler 's foot . there 's no walkie- talkie there . Jack look down , see the walkie - talkie crushed under he own foot . jack oh ... Christ ... Jack hold he head , walk around , at he wit 's end . jack why ... why ... why ... ? tyler why what ? jack why can not I get rid of you ? why can not I just wish you away ? tyler you need I . jack no , no , I do not . ( pause ) I thank you , I really do . thank you , but I do not need you anymore . tyler look , I can be selfish , I know that . ( pause ) I be not blind to my own failing ... jack noooo , please ... Jack back up against a window , numb and weary . tyler from now on , we will share marla . we have be spend too much time apart ... jack ... no , no , no ... tyler no more run off without you . from here on out , we do it together . jack why be you do this ?! tyler I be do this for we . jack please understand ... I have get all I can from this , Tyler . tyler ( sullen ) if I leave , you will be right back where I find you ... jack I swear on my life , I will not ... tyler you will . you know you will . Jack stare at Tyler , tear welling up , hang he head . he look at the gun in he hand ... tyler can you live with that ? Jack stare at the gun a long time ... then ... Jack bring the gun up , put the gun in he mouth . Tyler cock he head . tyler what be you do ? jack what have you leave for I ? tyler why do you want to do that ? why do you want to put that gun in you mouth ? jack not my mouth . we mouth . Tyler be calm . tyler this be interesting . Tyler smile in appreciation , slowly walk forward , stand very close to Jack . tyler why be you go with this , Ikea - boy ? jack it 's the only way to get rid of you ... Jack cock the hammer on the gun . tyler I can see you feel very strongly . I feel strongly too . ( pause ) hey , you and I . ( pause ) Friends again ? they eye be lock , unblink . Long silence . jack do something for I . tyler what ? jack appreciate something . tyler what ? jack look at I ... tyler what ? jack my eye be open . extreme slow motion : Jack 's finger squeeze the trigger ... kablam ! -- Jack 's cheek inflate with gas . his eye bulge . blood fly out from he head . the window behind he shatter . smoke waft out of he mouth and tear duct . resume normal speed as the glass fall behind Jack ... Tyler stand , in gunsmoke , eye glaze , sniff the air ... tyler what 's that smell ... ? Jack slump to the floor ... Tyler fall ... Tyler hit the ground . the back of tyler' head be blown OPEN , revealing blood , skull and brain . suddenly , a group of space monkey burst into the room , move forward to Jack . tyler' body be gone . tall space monkey be you all right , sir ... ?! Jack quake , hold the side of he head ; a rag hole blow in he cheek . he 's bleed hard , but he 's alive . jack I be okay ... Jack look to the Space monkey , try to get he eye to see . two space monkey enter with marla . one hold a gun to marla as she struggle . short space monkey be you sure ? you look terrible , sir ! what 's happen ? jack everything 's fine . another space monkey Sir , you look really awful ! do you need medical assistance ? Jack see marla , try to get to he foot , fall ... jack bring the girl to I . the rest of you get out . now ! the monkey bring marla , release she , salute . marla what happen ... ? jack do not ask . marla crouch , take out wad tissue and try to apply . they to Jack 's wound . Space monkey be leave , hesitantly . jack get to the rendezvous point . move it ! Jack and marla be leave alone . marla my God , you be shot ... jack yes . Jack try to get up . marla help he . marla who do this to you ? jack I do , I think . but , I be okay ... I be fine ... massive explosion ... the glass wall rattle ... Jack and marla look -- out the window : a build explode ; collapse upon itself . then , another build implode into a massive cloud of dust . Jack and marla be silhouett against the skyline . Jack look to marla , reach to take she hand . jack I be sorry ... you meet I at a very strange time in my life . marla look at he . another build implode and collapse inward ... and another build ... and another ... the film slow , then advance one frame at a time -- showing sprocket hole on the side . each frame be a imploding build -- then , one frame be a penis . then , the imploding build again . speed up the frame , lose the sprocket hole , resume normal speed ... fade to black : end --------------------------------------------------------------