fighting with my family written by Stephen merchant december 14th 2016 caption : a true Story fade in : cu : tv screen ( dwayne ' the rock 's johnson be battle another titan of pro - wrestle in a wwe championship match . the crowd chant in unison : '' this be awesome ! this be awesome ! " int . live room - day ( 2005 ) young zak ( 14 ) be watch the match on a aging tv ina work class british home . he be transfix , copying the rock 's every move , as if rehearse . kaiser , the family puppy yap at he heel . pan to : young saraya ( raya ) ( 13 ) -- sit on the sofa , ignore the tv , texting on she flip -phone . on the tv , the crowd go wild -- as the rock be award the wwe championship belt . Young Zak mimic the rock 's victory celebration , hold a imaginary ' belt 's aloft . raya glance at Zak -- at the tv -- yawn -- take the remote , switch it over to the tv show ' charme . 's zak I be watchin’ that ! raya it 's borin’ . zak it 's homework . that will be I one day . they wrestle over the remote . raya extend she free arm with the remote out of reach . Zak grab she arm -- pull it behind she back -- twist hard . raya owww ! Zak ! '' rowdy '' ricky knight enter -- 40s , mohawk , tattoos , Beer belly . he see he son choking he daughter . ricky Zak ! what the fuck be you doin 's ?! Zak look up . ricky ( cont 'd ) if you be gonna choke she , you arm should be here -- he adjust Zak 's arm position -- raya gag -- struggle in the choke hold . ricky ( cont 'd ) yess ! now she 's in trouble ! julia '' sweet saraya '' knight walk in -- 40s , pale complexion , raven black hair streak with blood -red highlight . she see she daughter be choke by she son , while she husband look on . julia what the bloody hell 's goin 's on ?! raya ( gasp ) he 's ... choke ... I ! julia then what you gonna do about it ? raya escape Zak 's hold by spin under he arm and twist it at the shoulder joint . zak aggghhhh ! ricky can I just say , you do not half look pretty today , saraya . do not she look pretty , Jules ? julia she 's not just pretty on the outside , love -- inside she 's get a heart of bloody gold . raya release she brother . look at she mum and dad . raya what be you two wanker after ? int . knight house - various - moment later raya no , fuck off ! track with raya as she stride from the live room and head upstairs -- ricky , Julia and Zak follow she . ricky chantelle bail on I , princess . I be a girl down for the lady match . julia you brother have teach you all the move . raya no ! I do not wanna be a wrestler . julia you will love the buzz , darlin’ . it 's more addictive than ... coke , crack and heroin combine . raya have you do coke , crack and heroin ? beat . julia not combine ... ricky princess , if I gotta do refund I be buggere six way till Sunday . we need you to do this -- for the family . the word ' family 's always hit home . raya pause at the top of the stair -- look back down at she family . raya I can not wrestle some random girl . I will screw it up . Julia look at ricky . Zak pipe up . zak what if you be not wrestlin 's a random girl ...? off raya 's quizzical look -- int . community centre - night 4 Zak -- now wear a pink women' power ranger outfit -- circle raya in a tatty wrestling ring beneath a home - make banner that read '' world association of wrestling ( w.a.w. ) '' . the tiny , half -empty venue be a far cry from the wwe -- but the SMALL working -class crowd buzz with anticipation . angle on : Julia and ricky , watch expectantly from the back of the room . the bell ring . Zak and raya lock -up . raya ( whisper ) I can not do this . zak it 's like a dance . just follow I . raya I be gonna throw up . zak once they start cheerin’ , you will wanna do it forever ... and with that he pull away , bounce off the rope -- drop raya . the crowd cheer . raya get up . Zak come for she -- she duck under he leg -- bounce off the rope -- clothesline she brother to the mat . the crowd may be tiny -- but they roar they approval . raya stop momentarily , shocked -- look at Zak , who smile at she . she smile back . ricky and Julia look on -- as the wave of adulation wash over raya for the first time . buoyed by the validation , raya attack she brother ... the crowd cheer ... Julia and ricky beam proudly . brother and sister lock up again -- raya grin now from ear - to -ear . Zak smile -- scoops up 13 year old raya -- body slam she down -- -- and when she land on she back -- she be seventeen year old . she nimbly leap back up . it 's four year later ( 2009 ) . another shabby venue -- same tatty ring , same home - make banner , now even rougher round the edge . the crowd heckle and cheer as raya and Julia exchange a flurry of move , kick and throws . age 17 , raya resemble a young version of she mother -- same jet black hair -- pale complexion -- heavy eye shadow . Julia wallop raya . the crowd boo and hiss -- pure pantomime . julia ( to the crowd ) shuttup -- or I will stick my foot so far up you arse , you will be use my big toe as a tongue . laugh and hiss from the crowd . ricky , lurking on the rope , distract the referee , allow Julia free-reign to pummel raya . the crowd holler in protest . suddenly -- thrash metal play -- a gravelly vocalist sing - chant ' zodiak ! zodiak ! over razor- blade guitar . the crowd cheer as Zak -- now 18 , 6’2 " , buzz CUT , cherubic smile -- bolt from the wing and slide into the ring . he kick ricky in the belly and against the rope . the blue-collar crowd roar -- kid open -mouthed , parent transfix -- all transport by the show . raya elbow smashes Julia to the mat -- the audience erupt . crowd Britani ! Britani ! raya grandstand , milk the crowd like a pro , loving every moment . a handful of die -hard raya fan cheer wildly for she , hold up sign . among they , two younger , awkward emo teenager , hannah and ellie . Zak come for he dad -- crowd ( cont 'd ) Zak attack ! Zak attack ! Zak attack ! Zak bring ricky down with a swinging leg hook fireman 's carry slam . pin ricky in a hold . raya pin Julia . the referee slide down next to they , pound out the count . referee one ...! two ...! the crowd chant along : '' one ... two ... '' referee ( cont 'd ) Three ! the crowd cheer -- Zak and raya leap to they foot . referee ( cont 'd ) you winner -- Zak Zodiak -- and Britani ! Zak raise he sister 's hand -- they look at one another . Zak wink at raya '' good job '' . she grin , relishing the applause . int . venue - post -show the family be dismantle the ring . ext . venue - great yarmouth . night the family carry the ring element outside to a beaten - up old van brand with the w.a.w. insignia . kaiser the dog , now fully grow , dance around they foot . i/e. van - night oo the rusting van rattles down great yarmouth 's golden mile -- creak with old age . ricky drive , Julia be hold up a mobile phone on speaker . in the rear , Zak and raya lean in , listen keenly as a american woman answer . american woman ( v.o. ) World wrestling entertainment . hutch bernad 's office . ricky ( into phone ) ' ello , love . it 's ricky knight callin’ again . american woman ( v.o. ) ricky -- ? ricky -- knight . well , bevis be my real name . Patrick bevis . from the World Association of wrestling ? american woman ( v.o. ) the what ? ricky the World Association of wrestling . in norwich . american woman ( v.o. ) where ? ricky norwich , in England . have you hear of England ? turn right at Greenland . julia ( calming he ) Rick ... american woman ( v.o. ) what 's this regard , sir ? ricky I send Mr. bernad a tape . of my kid Zak Zodiak and Britani -- raya well , in the ring I be Britani . out of the ring I be saraya . julia that 's ' cause in the ring I be saraya . you might have hear of I ? sweet saraya knight ? ricky the easy way to remember it be : Julia be saraya , saraya be Britani , Pat bevis be ricky knight and Zak bevis be Zak Zodiak . Long silence . ricky ( cont 'd ) you still there , love ? american woman ( v.o. ) I be sure Mr. bernad will contact you if necessary . ricky have he watch the tape ? american woman ( v.o. ) I be sure Mr. bernad will contact you if necessary . ricky can you tell he we call again ? american woman ( v.o. ) I be sure Mr. bernad will contact you if necessary . ricky be you actually a real person ? julia Rick ... ricky ( into phone ) thanks for all you help , love . he hang up . the whole knight clan sigh heavily , frustrated . ext . norwich outskirt - night - van travel down a a-road - van pass a sign that say '' welcome to norwich - a fine CITY '' . on through various street . 9 ext , street - night oo 9 Zak and raya stare out at the norwich suburb from the w.a.w. van . Zak notice a solitary teenager , sit alone on a playground swing - set . it 's a melancholy sight . 10 ext . council estate - night oo 10 the van slow as it approach a council house -- the knight home . suddenly -- a debt collector appear as if from nowhere , wave a legal looking letter . julia Rick , he 's here again ! ricky oh , bollock . julia drive ! drive ! ricky put he foot down as the debt collector holler : debt collector Seven thousand , six hundred and fourteen pound ! the van speed on -- debt collector ( cont 'd ) you can not run forever . we know who you be , Mr. clondike ! julia ( to ricky ) Mr. clondike ? ricky shrug . they start laughing . the van drive on -- 11 ext . norwich street - day oo 11 Zak be behind the wheel of the van now , steering past the board - up shop and grafitty wall of a run - down working CLASS suburb . kaiser peer out from the backseat . a group of Young kid be lie flat on they back on the pavement in front of a plywood ramp . a older boy sit in a shopping trolley be be push by another at break - neck speed towards the ramp . 12 13 10 . it 's clearly about to end in tear when -- Zak roll up in the van and beeps the horn . the trolley stop , inch from the ramp and calamity . the kid see the van -- and they face light up . they abandon what they be do , start to climb aboard . ext . norwich - CITY centre STREET - day 12 raya hand out flyer to disinterested passer - by . she be help by the two emo teens who be in the crowd at the show : Hannah and ellie -- both shy and reserve , now wear w.a.w. t-shirt . most passer - by ignore they or brush they aside like fly . raya have you get a leaflet for the wrestlin’ tonight ? hello , sorry , I have somethin’ for wrestlin 's ... a man in a business suit happily take a flyer -- then promptly spit he gum into it . raya watch , dishearten . ext . council estate - corner - day 13 paulie ( 15 ) , thin , wiry , shaven head , be stare up at two older skater kide . they take drag on a joint . paulie good , right ? that 's the same shit rihanna smoke . the skater kid take out they money as paulie hand over a little baggie of weed . suddenly -- between the skater kid -- paulie see the w.a.w. van pull into view . paulie ( cont 'd ) shit ... he grab the cash from the skater kid , bolt in the opposite direction -- as Zak leap from the van , power after he . paulie rip across a street -- hurtle a low brick wall into a front garden . Zak hurtle after he . paulie enter the open front door of a house -- zip straight through the lounge past a little girl watch tv -- out the back door . Zak streak through the lounge without stop . 14 11 . paulie stumble out into the back garden . a old lady hang wash back away in fright . paulie be up and over the back fence into a alley -- but Zak 's right behind he -- barrel down onto he , drag he backwards . the old lady peer over the fence -- as Zak rifle through paulie 's pocket , pull out a few bag of weed and pill . paulie ( cont 'd ) that 's not mine . zak then why do you run ? paulie you say I should do more cardio . zak ( wave baggie ) who 's be it then ? paulie I dunno. ( be : Old Lady ) hers ? Zak clip he around the head . paulie ( cont 'd ) owww . zak get in the van . the Old Lady watch , confuse , as Zak push paulie down the lane , dump the drug into a OPEN dust - bin . beat . the Old Lady move to the bin , look around , retrieve the stash . scurries inside . ext . norwich - CITY centre - day 14 raya , Hannah and ellie be still hand out flyer . two attractive townie girl ( late teens ) wear high -street fashion sashay past . hannah s’cuse I . have you ever be to live wrestlin’ ? 12 . the townie 's look down they nose . townie ( sneery ) no. townie 2 who watch wrestle ? townie stupid people who think it 's real . Hannah look hurt . townie 2 be you a wrestler ? hannah no. ( be : raya ) she be . she 's amazing . townie but she 's a girl . ( look raya up and down ) be not you ? townie 2 ( smirk ) be this , like , you costume ? raya no , this be I . townie 2 seriously ? townie wait , be not you from that weird family ? raya we be not weird . townie yeah . you brother 's in jail . raya flinch . raya why do not you come tonight ? it 's fun . 15 13 . townie I tell you . we do not like wrestle . hannah how do you know if you have never be ? townie I have never have rectal bleed but I be pretty sure I be not a fan of that either . her friend snicker . raya step toward they both menacingly . raya why do not I stick she head up you arse , and you can find out ? there be real threat in raya 's eye . the townie 's scuttle off , unnerve . then from a safe distance they call back -- townie ( call back ) freak ! Hannah and ellie look rattle . raya call after the towny . raya yeah , we be . and proud of it ! she grin at Hannah and ellie , who smile back . the girl return to flyer -ing . Zak 's theme tune -- thrash metal chorus of ' zodiak ! zodiak ! -- play as a ringtone . raya pull out she phone . answer . raya ( cont 'd ) hey , Zak ... i/ E. van - day ro} 15 Zak drive , raya shot -gun , assort local kid -- like stray cat over-run the back seat -- sing along to the heavy metal track on the stereo. ( say ' enter sandman 's by metallica . ) everyone '' take my hand ... we be off to never - never land ! " they stop at the light . 16 14 . Zak glance out of the window : he see the teenager again sit alone on the swing - set . the van drive on past -- then do a U - turn in the street . ext . park - moment later 16 Zak and raya approach the teen , calum ( 16 ) . zak hello , mate . my name 's Zak . this be my sister saraya . what 's you name ? calum calum . zak Nice to meet ya . we run a wrestle school . grappler gym . lot of local people you age come down , if you fancy it ? calum shake '' no '' . zak ( cont 'd ) no ? ever do any wrestle , mate ? calum do not take the piss . calum pick up a white cane -- slowly walk away . we realize - - along with Zak and raya -- that he be partially - sighted . Zak look at he sister . he scurries after calum tenaciously . raya follow . zak wrestling be the nut , mate . it do not matter what problem you have in real life , when you be in the ring you be invincible . raya yeah . you can make the audience laugh , cry , boo , cheer . for ten minute you feel like God . calum stop , snap at they -- calum I can not see ! 17 15 . zak so ? what else you gonna do today ? listen to porn ? calum walk off . raya and Zak look at one another , watch he go . int . w.a.w. gym . - day 17 slam ! stocky pro-wrestlers work out a routine in a tatty ring hold together with duck tape . other use creak work -out equipment . we be in a window - less warehouse brighten by gaudy poster of gurning wrestler promote previous w.a.w. clash . kaiser lie in a basket , one eye on Zak give instruction to the stray in a second ring . Zak have a stray in a half - nelson -- drop he to the mat -- pin he . zak now , you lock off the whole of the body , ' cause the objective be -- ? all get a three count or a submission ! zak good . now you . the stray begin to repeat the action . paulie , stand behind raya , grip she in a half - nelson . raya paulie -- have you get a hard on ? beat . paulie it 's not my fault , it do what it want . raya uggghhh . paulie ! raya spin out of the half - nelson as paulie cover he groin . zak fifty press-up . 18 16 . paulie for have a stiffy ? zak no . for be sexually arouse by my sister . how desperate be you ? more laughter , as raya punch Zak in the arm . paulie drop to the mat . everyone begin to count he push ups -- as raya see something -- gesture -- Zak follow she gaze -- -- calum be make he way into the gym . Zak smile . int . back office - same time 18 ricky be sit at a desk , speak on a old land - line telephone . Julia sit do paperwork . ricky ( into phone ) you be killin’ we , Glenn , it be not worth he makin’ the trip for that ... wait , let I ask he ... a hulking wrestler wear a union jack waistcoat be sit next to ricky . ricky pick up a metal trash can lid . ricky ( cont 'd ) will you take one o’ they in the face ? union jack dunno . what 's it like ? ricky smack he in the face with the lid . Union Jack nod , unfaze . ricky ( into phone ) yeah , that 's fine ... hang on . ricky pull a bowling ball out of a box , stand above Union Jack , drop the ball in he groin . Jack double over in pain . then , in agony , give a thumb up . ricky ( cont 'd ) ( into phone ) yeah , he ’1ll do a bowlin’ ball in the bollock . how much ...? Glenn , pay he what he 's worth ! ( more ) 19 17 . ricky ( cont 'd ) ( resign ) okay . he 'il be there . he hang up . ricky ( cont 'd ) sixty quid . Union Jack roll he eye . ricky ( cont 'd ) I know , I know . Union Jack get up , exit -- as Julia finish count taking . ricky ( cont 'd ) how much last night ? julia four hundred . ricky bloody hell . if thing do not pick up soon I all have to go back to thievin’ . julia I do not care how desperate we get , you be never go back to thievin’ . we will make Zak do it . and raya can go on the game . they laugh , share a kiss . int . w.a.w. gym - same time 19 Zak help calum into the ring . zak everyone . this be calum . all hello , calum . nearby , a pro-wrestler slam onto a mat . calum flinch . zak you be okay , mate . calum remain tense . 18 . zak ( cont 'd ) can you see anything at all ? calum outline . zak can you see I ? calum I can see a blob . raya Close enough . everyone laugh -- include calum . paulie how 's he gonna wrestle if he can not see ? zak you can see . do not help you . everyone laugh again . raya whisper to Zak . raya seriously , how be he ? zak no idea . hannah Courtney ! everyone look round . courtney , ( 18 ) , pretty , quiet , have enter . she nod to Zak . he nod back , look to he sister ... zak can I and court have a word ... 20 moment later - — — 20 through a window we watch -- but do not hear -- as Zak and Courtney share something with raya . her reaction be wild surprise . julia ( pre lap ) they can take we as they find we , or not at all . 21 19 . int . knight house - kitchen - day 21 raya set the table . ricky be sit in he wife - beater vest , read the DAILY STAR . Julia blitzes tv dinners in the microwave , argue with Zak . zak I be not ask you to bow and scrape , it 's just Courtney 's parent be quite -- raya posh . zak her dad be teetotal . ricky so be i. zak yeah , but he 's teetotal out of choice , not ' cause he 's a alcoholic . ricky oh , la-de-dah . raya he just want to make a good impression when they get here . ricky make a good impression , how ? zak can you put a shirt on for dinner ? ricky ( incredulous ) how fuckin’ posh be they ?! julia why 's a posh bird goin 's out with a wrestler ? raya ' Cause he tell she he 's gonna be rich and famous . 22 20 . zak no . ' Cause I be kind and considerate ... except in the bedroom , when I be a animal . raya ricky ugghhh ! that 's my boy ! learned from the master . zak ( cont 'd ) and can we keep the effin 's and jeffin’ to a fuckin’ minimum ? Courtney 's dad do not use cussword . ricky who be she dad ? the archbishop of fuckin’ canterbury ? zak please , can we just try and act normal ? for Courtney 's sake . off Julia and ricky 's nod -- int . knight house - kitchen / diner - night 22 the family be sit around the dining table eat dinner . ricky be now wear a norwich City soccer shirt . Zak be next to Courtney . opposite they be daphne and hugh -- a middle - aged , middle - CLASS , middle -england couple -- wildly out of place beside the tattooe and pierce knight family . julia ( best behavior ) can I say , on behalf of my husband and I , that we be delighted to finally make you acquaintance . daphne oh ... well , likewise . Julia wink at Zak -- who smile , pleased . ricky more expensive sparkling water , Hugh ? hugh thank you . 21 . ricky pour water for Hugh . julia Courtney say you be in stock and share , Hugh ? hugh for my sin . and ... you be all wrestler ? ricky all of we , mate , that 's right . daphne who exactly enjoy wrestle ? ricky load of people , love . hugh just no one we know , dear . daphne be not it all fake ? the knight family bristle at the word . julia if it be all fake , daph , would I have break my leg three time ? my collar bone twice ? ricky would I elbow bend like this ? he show they he elbow . it 's lumpy , mis-shapen , and bend at a weird angle . daphne and Hugh wince . julia that 's nothin’ . you should see he cock . raya mum ... julia sorry . ( to daphne and Hugh ) his penis . daphne how do you get into wrestle ? 22 . julia ( grin ) oh , this be such a romantic story . do you want to tell it ? ricky no , go ahead . julia well , when I meet Rick I be thinkin’ of kill meself . ricky she want to top herself , yeah . julia I would be abuse and livin’ on the street . ricky and I would do eight year of prison . Zak roll he eye . Hugh and daphne glance at one another , take aback . daphne prison ? for ... what ? ricky mainly violence . julia mainly violence , yep . ricky and a bit of armed robbery . Zak look at raya : '' not this '' . daphne and Hugh shift uncomfortably . flick a glance at Courtney : who be this people ? ricky ( cont 'd ) I and my mob come back from doin 's a job in London . and Julia come in and see all the cash and sawn - off shot - gun on the kitchen table . and I know from the look in she eye that if I do not give all that up there and then , I have lose she forever . 23 . julia he walk out on he gang that night -- never do another dishonest day in he life . ricky and the rest of ‘em be all bang up now , be not they ? or dead . julia one of they have he face blow off . ricky ( correct ) half he face . julia some people find religion . I and ricky find wrestlin’ . Julia and ricky look at one another . julia ( cont 'd ) it be we salvation , be not it ? they start make out like teenager . Hugh and daphne watch , uncomfortable . courtney ( to Hugh ) that 's a romantic story , be not it , dad ? hugh yes ... consider a man get he face blow off . ricky half he face . Zak sense daphne and Hugh 's discomfort . the phone ring . ricky answer . ricky ( cont 'd ) ' ello ...? this be he ... yeah , they be here , hang on ... ricky put the phone on speaker . voice ( v.o. ) be I speak to Zak and Britani ? 24 . zak / raya yep./ hello . hutch my name be hutch bernad , I be call from wwe . Zak and raya look at one another . hutch ( cont 'd ) we be very impressed by you tape . in April we be bring smackdown to the 02 in London and we would like you both to come down -- and try out for we . silence . hutch ( v.o. ) hello ? zak would you excuse we while we check we diary ? he mute the call . Zak and raya look at one another -- then at they parent -- then back at one another -- -- and then erupt ! whoop -- holler -- hug -- high -five . Zak kiss Courtney . ricky kiss Julia . even kaiser bark like he 's win the lottery . daphne and Hugh look blank . Zak shush everyone . click the phone off mute . zak ( cont 'd ) ( super calm ) yes , we think we can clear a space in we schedule . hutch ( v.o. ) good . we will be in touch . see you both there . raya thank you . the call end . the celebration pick right up again -- until daphne pipe up -- 23 25 . daphne Excuse I ? what be the wwe ? julia ( incredulous ) oh fuck off !! daphne and Hugh recoil . int . knight house - live room - night oo 23 the knight 's be screen a classic wwe match on tv for daphne and Hugh . on screen , two female wwe divas do battle . the crowd chant : '' this be awesome ! " zak for any wrestler , make it big , it 's this -- in America , with the wwe . raya World wrestling entertainment . biggest wrestlin ' company in the world . ricky America be where the money be , where the stardom be . zak we get there , we will be travellin’ the world , on private jet , performin’ in front of million . you can make million . raya movie even . julia you should see she in the ring . it 's like watchin’ a brilliant ballet dancer . and the biggest buzz I get be when people say to I , '' do not she look just like you ? '' ricky when they be star and they come back , we will have full house every night , shift a ton of merchandise , expand the trainin’ school , sky 's the limit . ( to Hugh ) you should buy share in we , mate . 26 . Hugh laugh faintly . ricky ( cont 'd ) seriously , I have get the paperwork here . zak dad ... daphne ( to Zak ) do you think you 's 1ll get sign ? ricky sign ? I be trainin’ he for this before he have fur on he bollock . nad . knacker . testicles . raya point to a frame photo of another young man dress in a Zebra-print leotard . raya we step - brother Roy do the try - out last year . daphne oh . be Roy in America now ? ricky no . he 's in prison . daphne oh . and why 's he --? ricky julia mainly violence . mainly violence . daphne and Hugh look unnerve . Zak step in . courtney this be not the only exciting news today , be it ? she take Zak 's hand . everyone look at they expectantly . courtney ( cont ’d ) I have decide to quit college ... and move in with Zak . daphne since when ? courtney since ... I get pregnant . 27 . both set of parent stare , dumbstruck . hugh fuccckkkkkkkkk ! everyone stare at Hugh . zak ( to Hugh ) do not worry . the baby 's mine . 24 int . hm prison norwich - visitor hall - day 24 raya , Zak and Courtney sit at a table across from a big guy in prison garb . this be roy ( 28 ) . he have he hand on Courtney 's grow baby - bump . courtney do you feel he kick ? roy practice he drop-kick in there . he 's gonna be a wrestler . courtney please God , no . everyone laugh . roy have you pick a name ? courtney we be think about kayden . roy I love it . raya I need a name , too . roy you be not pregnant ? raya no. wwe have get a Britani . I have to choose a new name before the try - out . any idea ? a immediate barrage from the brother . 28 . roy zak scrubber , slutbucket , trollop , the norwich bicycle , Margaret snatcher sabrina the teenage bitch roy moob mcgee . raya great . thanks boy . the sibling laugh . courtney Roy ... can I ask you something ? roy ' course you can . courtney you mum say you do the try-out last year ? roy that 's right . courtney so why be you in here ? the sibling stop smile . zak court ... courtney I do not wanna be rude , but Zak will not tell I . zak Courtney ... Roy look at Zak , then at raya . they all shift uncomfortably . Courtney stare defiantly . look at raya for support . raya she 's havin 's you kid , Zak . she 's family now . Zak take this in . exchange a look with Roy . Roy take a breath , address Courtney : roy I do the try-out . the wwe do not want I . I take it hard . ( more ) 25 29 . roy ( cont 'd ) start drinkin' . one night I be in a boozer , some geezer come in , I pick a fight with them . no reason , just go at it . one bloke come at I , I pick up a fire extinguisher ... Roy look down , ashamed . roy ( cont 'd ) put he in a coma for six week . courtney ( hand to she mouth ) Jesus ... zak he 's fine now . Courtney lean back in she seat , shocked . she look at Zak , worried . roy do not worry , love . Zak be not like I . I be the nutcase . he 's the strong one in the family . Courtney look to raya , who nod in confirmation . roy ( cont 'd ) really . Zak 's get he head screw on . him and moob mcgee here . Courtney smile , accept the reassurance . close on : raya , nodd , but a note of disquiet on she face . ext . britannia road —- norwich hillside - day 25 pan from : the brick facade of the 19th century prison , across the skyline of norwich . Zak and raya race each other up the steep hill . Zak win , raya close behind . they suck in air , frame by the they hometown in the distance . Zak notice raya 's thousand yard stare . zak you okay ? raya ' course . 30 . zak I know when you be lie . raya just ... think about Roy . and the trial . zak what about it ? raya if we get sign , we will have to leave all this . zak and move to a mansion in Florida . raya four thousand mile away . zak from a council house in norwich . raya from mum and dad . everyone . Zak study he sister . she look anxious . zak what 's this about ? raya nothin’ . Zak read she nervousness . pull she close , reassuringly . zak you be gonna smash it tomorrow . raya how do you know ? zak you be a knight -- wrestle 's in you blood . raya that 's not good . that make it sound like ... hepatitis . zak it be . you be riddled with wrestlin ' -- and there 's no cure . 26 31 . raya laugh . she push Zak and he stumble back , give she a head start , as she race off , and we -- CUT to : camera follow Zak and raya through a tunnel into -- int . arena - pay [ J 26 the sibling 's eye widen as they take in the vast auditorium . the 20,000 seat be empty -- but the stage be already be set for tonight 's wwe rumble . banner and branding be be hoist into place -- technician adjust light -- camera be train on the wrestling ring in the middle of the floor . Zak be open- mouth with wonder . zak so cool . can you imagine this place , full , twenty - thousand people -- Zodiak ! Zodiak ! raya look around the vast auditorium , overwhelm by it 's scale . she see the competition limbering up -- EIGHT guy , shoulder bulg , abs shred . zak ( cont 'd ) you be the only girl . raya consider this -- anxiety rise . Zak notice some movement up in the stand . nudge raya , nod upwards -- she look -- dwayne ' the rock 's johnson be talk and bro-hugge some fellow wwe star . raya look at Zak : '' holy shit . '' voice ( 0.s. ) two line -- fall in ! a voice reverberate around the vast arena . it belong to hutch -- brusque former wrestler turned ball - busting head coach -- goatee beard -- intimidating manner . the contender line up in formation . hutch , flanke by two assistant trainers , study they like a drill sergeant . 27 32 . hutch who be here because they want to be a wwe superstar ? all hand raise . hutch ( cont 'd ) okay . then let 's address the elephant in the room . he turn to a huge heaveyset dude in a wrestle leotard . hutch ( cont 'd ) how 's it go ? everyone laugh . hutch ( cont 'd ) what be the odd be of become a wwe superstar ? heavyset dude shrug '' I do not know '' . hutch ( cont 'd ) the same as you order salad for lunch -- zero . ( to group ) you have better odd of make it in the NFL , the NBA or the soccer Premier League -- than of become a wwe superstar . odd be you will never play a stadium . never get on tv . never win a title belt . hutch hold up a wwe championship belt and a diva 's championship belt . he gesture to another contender . hutch ( cont 'd ) most of you will be as disappointed as this guy 's wife on they wedding night . so let 's get this over with . audition montage 27 schlamm ! a black adonis hit the mat hard . he and Zak battle in the ring . raya watch hutch as he study Zak . she look up at dwayne , who chat with he fellow wrestler , eye on the trial . CUT to : 33. blow up drill - hutch scrutinise as the contender run in circle around the base of the ring , jump up , then squat down to touch the floor . - side -to-side leap over heavy weight bag at rapid pace . - forward roll . CUT to : in the ring raya and Zak give a virtuoso display of classic british wrestling technique . push in on : hutch , study they . up in the stand : dwayne watch attentively . Zak and raya lock up . Zak whisper to he sister . zak play everything out more . and sell you snap harder . raya absorb , nod . they break apart . Zak take raya in a ' pigsfoot 's -- slap she around the face . she administer Zak 's advice -- snap she head back dramatically . hutch observe . CUT to : more blow up drill - hutch shouting abuse , scan they for weakness . - Zak and raya bounce against the rope , drop to do a press up , jump over a weight bag , into another press up . - hutch watch as one contender give up , stagger to a trash can , vomit inside . CUT to : back in the ring Zak drop a long haire dude with he ' Zak attack 's finish move . pin he for the ' win’ . a shimmer of satisfaction cross hutch 's face . 34 . hutch Nice finisher . that you move ? zak ( nodd ) the Zak attack . hutch nod , impressed . end montage 28 int . 02 arena - ring - later 28 the contender hang on the rope , exhaust , as hutch prowl in front of they . hutch become a wwe superstar be all about win . but not a match -- who win , who lose , the producer decide that before you ever step in the ring . what you have to win ... be the crowd . what do we call win the crowd ? Zak raise a hand . zak go over . hutch go over . and no one 's ever go over bigger than a man we be lucky to have with we today . he gesture to the stand . hutch ( cont 'd ) dwayne ... I be puttin’ you on the spot ... but would you show ‘em how it 's do ...? dwayne look at the other pro 's in the stand , who gee he into it . the contender applaud as he make he way down . 29 in the ring - moment later 29 dwayne hold the mic , throw back he head , raise the mic to he lip . 35 . dwayne finally ... the rock have come back to lon-don ! everyone clap wildly . Zak grin and cheer with unbridle glee . dwayne point at a contender . dwayne ( cont 'd ) what 's you name ? the contender open he mouth to speak -- but dwayne cut he off . dwayne ( cont 'd ) ( interrupt ) it doesn't matter what you name be ! the rock say know you role and shut you mouth . the rock be stand here -- like the man and a half he be -- ready to do to you exactly what he do best and that 's lay the smack down on you candy ass ! everyone applaud . dwayne smile -- hutch we call that what ? Zak 's hand be in the air . zak a promo . hutch dwayne 'il tell ya , apart from you skill in the ring , promo be how you connect with the crowd . dwayne right . this be a fictionalized world but the fan can tell if you be be fake . you go over when the fan connect with the real you . the rock be I , but with the bass , the treble , the volume diall way up . hutch point at Zak . hutch what 's you name ? 36 . zak Zak Zodiak . hutch Zak Zodiak ? what be you , a stripper at a gay bar ? laugh from the other wannabe . hutch ( cont 'd ) twenty second . why be you here ? go ... zak when I be three year old , I could name every wwe wrestler just by look at he boot ; I have want to be one of ‘em ever since . I eat , sleep and dream wrestlin’ . I be passionate , I be determine and I be the toughest bastard in the room . oh , I should not curse , we have lady present -- he turn to raya -- lean past she to the long haire dude . zak ( cont 'd ) sorry , miss . everyone laugh . long haire dude look embarrassed . dwayne laugh , lead the applause . hutch turn to raya . hutch what 's you name ? raya hesitates . raya er ... paige . hutch paige ? whadda you , wrestle -- or sell perfume at the mall ? laughter . hutch ( cont 'd ) why be you here ? go ! raya I be here because I be the best , you be just one of the rest . ( more ) 37 . raya ( cont 'd ) if you can not stand the heat , get out of the kitchen because you can run but you can not hide -- hutch stop ! stop ! he wave he hand , close she down . hutch ( cont 'd ) what do dwayne just say the fan connect with ? raya the ... real you . hutch push himself into she face . hutch then why you speakin’ in cliches ? go again , show we the real you -- or you can get on you broomstick and fly you ass home to hogwart . all eye turn to raya . dwayne look at she , expectant . Long pause . she eyeball hutch . titter . raya when be you gonna drop this army drill - sergeant bollock ? you be not trainin’ we to fight in Iraq , you be trainin’ we to fight in spandex . raya ( cont 'd ) my whole family be wrestler , I have be wrestle since before I be bear . literally . my mum be seven month pregnant with I and do not even realize , so she be still gettin’ in the ring every night , which mean I be , too . dwayne lean forward , intrigue . raya ( cont 'd ) send I home be not a threat , I will go back to fightin’ with my family and be happy doin’ it . I get option -- but if this be my competition -- 30 38 . she gesture to the other dude . raya ( cont 'd ) -- you sure as shit do not . she lean into hutch 's face . raya ( cont 'd ) oh . and you breath stink . so either brush you tooth -- or stop kissin 's dwayne Johnson 's ass . everyone look from hutch to dwayne for a reaction . dwayne smile . share a look with hutch -- who move on to the next contender , as we -- int . 02 arena - backstage corridor - later 30 the contender wait anxiously , in silence . Zak pace nervously . raya chew she nail . they meet each other gaze but say nothing : too much at stake for chit-chat . voice ( 0.s. ) be that true ? you whole family be wrestler ? they turn . it 's dwayne , with he team . raya ( shocked ) fuck I dead , bury I pregnant . dwayne raise a eyebrow . zak she mean yes . dwayne mine , too . zak I know . you granddad be High Chief Peter maivia . you dad be '' soulman '' Rocky Johnson , he be in the first black tag team to win the World championship . raya he 's a huge fan . zak massive . 39 . raya he 's be a fan since you have hair . dwayne raise another eyebrow . look at they both . dwayne well , good luck to ya . he begin to head off . zak can I ask you a favour ? dwayne turn back . raya do not put he on the spot . zak he will not mind . as we be both from wrestlin 's family , would you -- dwayne -- vouch for you ? sorry ... zak no , no . I be wonderin’ if you could ' rock -bottom 's I ? dwayne I ... do not really do that either . zak please . one of my all time dream be to be bottome by the rock . dwayne if I bottom you , people will see . in 1l have to bottom they . zak no one 's lookin’ . please , just a quick bottom , I will be out of you hair . raya not hair . do not say hair . dwayne consider . dwayne okay , quick . ready ? 31 40 . Zak nod . dwayne side - slam Zak to the floor . Zak wince '' Bagh '' . dwayne ( cont 'd ) you okay ? zak car key . back pocket . dwayne good luck , guy . i’1l be keep tabs on you . raya thank you . zak can you call I a jabroni ? but dwayne be go . Zak and raya grin at one another , as she help he up . int . 02 arena - moment later 31 raya and Zak -- amidst the other contender -- stand in line in silence , try not to betray they nerve . hutch stand before they -- hutch we will be offer four of you a contract with wwe . you will join we out in Florida at we development division , nxt . for the rest of you - - I be afraid -- this be the end of the line . raya reach for she brother 's hand , squeeze it tightly . hutch ( cont 'd ) the first person choose be -- close on the contender , hold they breath -- wishing -- praying . hutch ( cont 'd ) Hugh jab . the long haire dude punch the air in celebration . hutch ( cont 'd ) but change you ring name . 41 . Long haire dude cut he celebration short . hutch ( cont 'd ) the second person be -- Captain kronos . a germanic beefcake drop to he knee , thanking the god . hutch ( cont 'd ) the third person be ... Zak and raya breathe deeply . hutch ( cont 'd ) paige . raya be you fuckin’ serious ? hutch I be fuckin’ serious . raya omigod , omigod , omigod . she turn to she brother -- scream silently -- hug he . he hug she back . hutch and the last person be -- close on : Zak , never more focus . time slow down -- tv talent show tension . hutch ( cont 'd ) -- joey Midnight . the black adonis nod , kiss the crucifix around he neck . Zak be paralyse -- uncomprehend . raya , too . hutch ( cont 'd ) thank you all for come today . hutch and he colleague walk away -- winner and reject slowly disperse . Zak can not move -- stare blankly -- raya do not know what to do -- or say . finally , Zak break the silence . turn to she . zak I be proud of you . 32 33 42 . raya this be not right ... she start to run after hutch -- zak raya ... -- but she be go . int . o2 arena - backstage - continuous 32 Long circular corridor -- buzz of pre-show activity . raya dash past technician , wrestler , assistant , search for hutch -- dip she head into empty room -- can not find he . Zak trail some distance behind she -- still shell - shocked . ext . o2 arena - dusk 33 hutch be climb into a suv . suddenly raya appear , Zak behind she . raya you have to take my brother . hutch I make my choice . raya you make a mistake . hutch I do not make mistake . raya then how do you explain that goatee ? zak raya ... raya if my brother 's not go , neither be i. zak raya ! 43 . hutch be that a threat ? raya zak yes . no. hutch ( cont 'd ) every week two thousand people beg I for the chance I just give you . I have option . you do not . so you have ten second to tell I : do you want this or not ? raya not without Zak . hutch eight second . zak coach , she want it ... raya and hutch lock eye . stand-off . hutch six ... zak raya ... hutch five ... zak you be not just do this for you -- it 's for the family . family . that word again . hutch ... three ... zak raya ! hutch «+.two ... raya I want this . Zak breathes a sigh of relief . hutch stare at raya defiantly . 34 35 44 , hutch see you in Florida . he climb into the suv -- and it roar away . raya watch it go , turn -- to see Zak wander away . i/ E. van - evening oo 34 Zak and raya drive home in silence . raya glance at she brother -- but he stare only at the road . she know there be nothing she can say . int . w.a.w. gym - night 35 ricky , Julia , Courtney , the stray and the Pros be wait anxiously . car door illuminate the gym . everyone rise to they foot . Doors slam outside . beat . Zak and raya walk in -- greet by a wall of expectant face . ricky well -- ? zak saraya 's in ... I be not . ricky 's shoulder slump . Julia , never at a loss for something to say , can not find the right word . even kaiser sit silently . Zak break the ice . zak ( cont 'd ) why be you all so quiet ? come on ! my little sister be the first eighteen - year- old English girl sign by the wwe -- ever ! he begin to clap and whistle . ricky Champagne ! paulie , go down the shop and nick some champagne . take they lead from Zak , everyone else join in the applause . Courtney kiss Zak , give he a hug . 36 37 38 45 . courtney you alright ? zak ( nodd ) Fine . Julia hug she daughter -- then gently touch the back of Zak 's head -- whisper in he ear . ricky give raya a bear hug , look Zak in the eye -- shake he hand manfully -- pat he on the shoulder . the stray crowd around raya to congratulate she . Zak watch , stoically , as they hoist she on they shoulder and parade she around the gym . dissolve to : ext . norwich - everywhere . 36 Cloud drag themselves across a grey sky . int . raya 's bedroom - day 37 raya be finish pack she suitcase . on she bed sit a vintage ultimate warrior wrestling buddy cuddly toy from the 90 . raya pick up ultimate warrior , put he in she case . she look around she teenage room for the last time . look at photo on a shelf : the family in wrestle costume , strike fighting pose ; raya with Zak , wear he pink power ranger outfit -- from the night raya first get in the ring . she put both picture in she case -- and snap it close . ext . knight house - backyard - day 38 close on zak -- sit on the old bench PRESS , take drag on a cigarette . Julia appear at the back door -- raya behind she . julia Zak , we be off . 46 . zak ( waking from he thought ) huh ? julia to the airport . chop chop ... zak I can not come right now ... julia you sister 's leavin 's for America . zak I have get a ton of stuff to do ... julia what do you have to do ? zak stuff . julia what stuff ? raya mum , it 's fine , if he 's busy ... Julia mutter , shake she head , walk off inside . brother and sister look at one another . zak have a safe flight ... and ... good luck and everything ... raya and you ... with the baby , and ... Zak nod . they embrace . stilt . awkward . raya turn to go . zak do not cry . she turn back . zak ( cont 'd ) at the airport . if you cry , mum will start -- and if you see she cryin’ , you will not wanna go . when you walk to the plane , just put you hood up -- and do not look back . 39 40 4l 47 . raya nod , appreciate the advice . she leave . Zak find himself all alone . int . hm prison norwich - day 39 raya hug Roy goodbye . ext . knight house - day 40 from a upstair window , Zak silently watch as the van carry he sister away . int . airport - day 41 ricky and Julia look on as wrestler and stray say goodbye to raya . Hannah nudge ellie . hannah go on ... ellie nervously hand raya a roll piece of paper . raya unfold it -- it 's a beautifully detailed , manga - influence , hand - draw illustration of raya , pose on the top rope , pump she fist and smile , as she hold aloft the wwe diva championship belt . fan-art at it 's finest . raya -- overwhelm -- admire the picture . raya you draw this ? ellie nod . hannah it 's you , win the diva 's title . raya smile . raya it 's amazing . thank you . she thanks they with a hug . angle on : ricky and Julia . julia she 's be not comin’ back . ricky ' course she 's comin’ back . she 's goin 's out to work , not die . julia she 's goin 's away to live . ricky it 's gonna be alright . you just gotta be strong . julia I be try , Rick . ricky once the gate close , you will have a good ol ' cry . she 's gotta walk on that plane on she own . at least we go home together . raya approach she parent . raya I be really scared now . I wish Zak be comin’ . ricky we all do , love . raya look after he . ricky he will be fine . he 's the tough one in the family . Julia start to tear up . raya be emotional now , too . julia go and get them baby , okay ? you be amazing . you be absolutely amazing . ricky you be gonna be a star , princess -- you be gonna put we family name on the map . raya which family name ? ricky either 's fine . raya smile . 42 43 44 49 . paulie lift she carry - on onto she shoulder . she give he a peck on the cheek and he step back , grin . raya move towards the departure gate . ricky ( cont 'd ) so long , love . we be proud of ya . raya ( wave to everyone ) I love you . I love you . Julia be cry hard . ricky put a arm around she . angle on : raya , as she put up she hood -- try to ignore the tear stream down she mother 's face . orlando , florida -- establishing shot oo 42 Pov from a car window -- endless blue-sky -- palm tree -- sun glisten off Lake eola . raya take in the alien landscape from the window of a taxi . like dorothy landing in Oz , she world seem to have go from black and white to technicolor . she 's a long way from home . ext . apartment complex - day 43 raya enter through a gate , take in the swimming pool . three beautiful women sunbathe . jeri-lynn ( Southern - belle pneumatic playmate - type with fake boob ) , madison ( former dancer ) and kirsten ( statuesque blonde ) . kirsten look up at raya - flash pearl blue eye and gleam white tooth -- as she dive elegantly into the pool . raya haul she bag up a staircase to a second floor walkway . int . raya 's apartment - day 44 raya unlock the door , enter , take in she new corporate clean home . 45 46 50 . int . nxt developmental CENTER - day 45 state of the art training facility -- pristine wrestling ring brand with wwe nxt logo -- a even longer way from the w.a.w . from the ring , hutch explain a routine , demonstrate at half - speed by he two colleague . raya 's eye wander -- she take in the other new recruit : EIGHT men , three women . the boy : long haire dude , germanic beefcake and black adonis from the London trial -- plus a assortment of body - builder , college quarterback , all - american high school heroes and meathead farm -boy . the girl from the pool : jeri - lynn , madison and kirsten . each have the bombshell physique and pin- up good - look of the archetypal wwe diva -- sexy outfit , manicured nail , rich tan , coiffure hair . raya look down at she own tatty black legging , fading rock t-shirt and split end . her porcelain-skin and goth-rock look mark she out -- as the runt of the litter . she look up -- find kirsten stare at she . kirsten flash a smile and a mouthful of gleam white tooth . raya smile back . angle on : hutch 's colleague , as they now demo the sequence at full speed . applause . hutch turn to the class . hutch everyone get it ? CLASS yes , coach ! hutch point to raya and madison . hutch you and you . show I . int . the ring - moment later 46 raya and madison lock up . they repeat the routine . raya flow through the memorise move effortlessly . 51 . they approach the final move -- when raya improvise -- madison be not expect it -- react slowly -- take raya 's foot in the face . madison 's nose explode in a cloud-burst of red . madison agghh !!! raya omigod , I be so sorry ! raya rush to help madison -- who angrily push she away , clutching she bloody nose . kirsten click she finger , point to a towel -- jeri- Lynn grab it , hand it to she . kirsten ( to jeri- Lynn ) call the doc . hutch jump into the ring -- kirsten follow , hand he the towel to smother the bleed . hutch examine madison 's nose . hutch it 's not break . someone call the doc ... kirsten on the way . raya ( to madison ) I be so sorry . hutch spin on raya , angry . the class all turn to watch . hutch do I tell you to add you own move ? raya ( apologetic ) I be sorry , I think she have know what I be do . hutch do I tell you to add you own move ? raya shake she head '' no '' . hutch ( cont 'd ) then why do you ? 52 . raya you routine seem kind of ... basic . hutch Basic ? raya my step - brother teach I that stuff when I be , like , ten . hutch you step -brother ? raya Roy bevis . ( off hutch 's blank look ) the Zebra kid ? hutch ( US pronunciation ) the Zeebra kid ? raya ( correct ) Zebb-ra . hutch step forward , loom in raya 's face . raya nod . hutch I do not care if you be teach by the Zebra kid , the elephant man or the fuckin’ lion King -- this be not the ass-crack of England anymore , this be the nxt . if you want any chance of makin 's it on to the Main roster , you do what I say , when I say it , or you can fuck off back home to the addam family . understood ? raya I be just sayin’ , I -- hutch be that understood ? raya yes , coach . hutch walk away . 53. raya find everyone eyeing she suspiciously . jeri -lynn ( pre lap ) one minute she 's like , '' I be a expert '' -- 47 ext . apartment complex - pool - day 47 kirsten and jeri-lynn be sunbathing . jeri -lynn -- and the next minute she 's '' oh sorry , it be a accident '' . so it 's like , be you a expert or not ? ( then ) I can not understand half of what she say . she sound like she have a dick in she mouth ... but not ina good way . raya appear . jeri- Lynn stop speak . flashes a smile . raya sorry about before . with madison . it be a accident . I do not realize until , like , two month ago she be just a cheerleader . kirsten oh yeah ? raya yeah . lot of time the wwe hire cheerleader or model , girl who just wanna jiggle they tit and ass , you know , get famous -- instead of girl who have actually wrestle before . kirsten where do you wrestle before ? raya w.a.w. in England . I be lady Champion , tag team Champion and lady hardcore Champion . what about you ? kirsten I be a cheerleader . beat . 48 49 50 54 . raya cool. ( to jeri- Lynn ) and what about -- jeri-lynn model . raya nod . what can she say ...? kirsten flash she thousand - watt smile . kirsten well ... nice to meet you . she get up , walk towards she apartment . jeri- Lynn smile too , follow . off raya 's sink expression -- ext . florida beach - day 48 the SUN burn down on the class as hutch put they through merciless blow up drill : bellybuster -- atomic sit up -- squatting with kettle bell -- suplexing weight bag . hutch shout abuse -- holler command -- scan they for weakness . Black adonis vomit . shamefully bury it under sand . close on : raya , push herself , sweat hard . she lock eye with hutch , as he study she . int . hospital - day 49 close on : Courtney sweat hard , too -- deep into labour . Medical staff attend to she -- Zak watch . Courtney reach out , grab he hand . ext . beach - day 50 the class race along the beach in a burden run , heavy sandbag sling over they shoulder . it 's gruell work . raya feel eye on she . it 's kirsten : she flash she thousand watt smile , seemingly unfaze by the brutal regimen - - power forward -- a unspoken challenge to raya to keep up . raya , sweat hard , push herself to catch up ... 51 52 53 55 . int . hospital - day 51 Zak be hand he new-born son kayden . he hold he awkwardly , stare into he eye . panic more than joy . ext . beach - as before 52 kirsten be in the lead , raya behind she -- follow by jeri- Lynn , then madison . kirsten reach a heavy tractor tire . dump she sandbag -- wrestle she tire upwards . raya catch up -- struggle to get under she tire . sweating hard , she give herself a extra boost -- flipping she tire over -- try to catch up with kirsten . jeri-lynn be close behind . raya soldier through pain but kirsten power on -- give a final push . cross the ' finish line 's -- victorious . raya , lung work overtime , arrive behind she in second place . she drop , exhaust . find kirsten stare at she with steel - cold eye . jeri-lynn slump down next to they . madison be way behind , still doggedly try to hoist she tire . it 's a lose battle . hutch holler at she . hutch flip it ! madison it 's too hard ... hutch how you gonna throw a girl round a ring every night if you can not even flip a tire ? now flip it ! madison shake she head , drop the tire , wave she hand in defeat , collapse to the ground , suck air . raya watch as hutch shake he head in contempt . ext . norwich STREET - day 53 tatty trainer pound down a pavement . a blur of limb and face . paulie run for he life , pursue by two twenty - something STREET tough . 54 56 . the tough be gain on paulie as he dodge a car -- tear across the industrial estate towards the w.a.w. gym . int . w.a.w. gym - day 54 Zak ( blindfolded ) be count step with calum from one side of the ring to the other . they reach one side , turn , walk back . stray work - shop in the other ring . paulie barrel through the door , lung in overdrive . a stray nudge Zak and he lift he blindfold -- to see the tough skid into the doorway . Zak quickly assess the situation . zak can I help you ? tough no. ( be : paulie ) we just need we friend here . zak he 's busy . tough with what ? zak hand-wash we jock -strap . the tough stride towards paulie . Union Jack step towards they , intimidatingly . the tough back down . tough ( to paulie ) stay off we fuckin’ patch . they leave . Zak turn to paulie . zak empty you pocket . paulie I be not get nothin’ ... zak empty you pocket . 57 . paulie turn out he pocket -- he hand over some little baggy of weed . Zak point to the door . zak ( cont 'd ) get out ! paulie Zak ... zak you want to wind up in the nick with my brother ? paulie no . zak no ? then what do you wanna do for a livin 's ? stand on a street corner like a prossie ? or wrestle ? paulie wrestle . zak right . then cut this crap or I be not trainin’ ya . paulie nod apologetically . Zak soften . zak ( cont 'd ) paulie , you get talent , mate . if you focus and work hard , you could be as good as I . paulie can I be as good as saraya ? the question be a gut punch for Zak . he cover . zak sure . calum can I be as good as she , Zak ? the other stray begin to echo the sentiment : '' could I be as good as saraya ? " '' can I be like she ? -- a cacophony in Zak 's head . 55 56 57 58. zak ( curt ) yes ! his bluntness surprise everyone . zak ( cont 'd ) ( soften ) yes ... if you all work at it ... so let 's go ... come on ... calum resume he practice . zak ( cont 'd ) Rest of you , blow up , let 's go ... the stray begin blow up drill with renew vigour . push in on Zak , as he thought churn -- ext . apartment complex - day 55 raya carry a basket from the laundry room . she pass the pool . kirsten , madison and jeri-lynn be sunbathing , music blaring , laugh and joke , flirt with a handful of the male wrestler . as raya pass at a distance , she observe the fun -- detach -- distant -- uninvite . she lock eye with kirsten -- who flash she gleam white tooth , then lean into jeri-lynn , whisper something to she . jeri- Lynn laugh , glance at raya . throw a smile she way . raya climb the step to she apartment . int . raya 's apartment - bedroom - night 56 raya -- unable to sleep -- cuddle ultimate warrior -- stare up at the ceiling fan . roll over . look at the picture on she bedside table of she family . raya ( pre lap ) I miss you all so much . int . raya 's apartment - live room - night 57 raya be talk with ricky and Julia on skype . ricky be eat a plate of hotdog . 59 . raya I can not sleep . I lie awake , wonderin’ what you be all do -- julia we miss you too , darlin’ ... ricky you eat healthy like I tell you ? ( stuff hotdog in he mouth ) none of that yank junk food . you do not wanna lose you figure . mustard fall onto he beer gut . raya look at she mum and dad , choose she word carefully . raya I do not think I belong here . ricky what d'ya mean ? raya I belong with you over there . with the family . ricky you be over there for the family . raya but it 's so lonely here . I get no friend . ricky get a cat . julia Rick ... ricky I be not lettin’ you jack it in ' cause you be not gettin’ invite to bloody sleepover . raya I think Zak would be here . ricky well he be not ! he fuck it up , Roy fuck it up , you be not fuckin’ it up , too . 58 59 60 60 . julia ricky -- raya begin to tear up . Julia look concerned . ricky no ! save you tear for the pillow , we be not speakin’ to you if you call we cryin’ . julia ( peacemaker ) ricky ... raya wipe away the tear . ricky cool off . julia ( cont 'd ) darlin’ , when I be livin 's on the street , I never dreamt I have have kid , let alone one with the talent to be rich and bloody famous . you can have everythin’ I never have , darlin’ . but not if you quit . raya nod , take this in . ricky just ... try and fit in more ... off raya 's reluctant nod -- int . raya 's apartment - bathroom - night 58 raya dump two drug - store bag down on the counter . take out some bottle -- place they on the counter . stare at herself in the mirror -- push she hand through she jet black hair -- start to remove she lip piercing . ext . florida - pay {| 59 aerial shot : a nxt -branded coach speed down a two - lane highway . int . nxt tour bus - continuous oo 60 the class -- guy and girl -- socialize . a nxt-branded coach roll along . jeri-lynn be mutter to kirsten and a few other . she look further down the coach -- follow she gaze to raya , sit alone at the back . 61 62 61 . she have transformed herself . Fake tan , way too orange -- bottle blonde hair -- bright lipstick -- paint nail -- colorful clothes -- a diy imitation of the other girl . jeri-lynn lean over . jeri -lynn you look unbelievable . who do you tan ? raya I do it myself . jeri - lynn no way ? what about you make - up ? raya I , too . jeri -lynn no way . it look almost as professional as you tan . raya thanks . raya smile , pleased . jeri- Lynn whisper something to kirsten , who smile , nod . raya notice -- she smile fade . int . norwich venue - night 61 Zak be strangled by a hulk in a rowdy cage match . angle on : Union Jack , in the crowd , filming Zak in action . the hulk pour thumbtacks all over the mat . slam Zak back - first onto the tack . the crowd cheer . Union Jack zoom in . zak ( v.o. ) hi , it 's Zak Zodiak call again . int . locker room - night 62 Zak -- alone -- pick tack out of he back . hutch ( v.o. ) Zak , we review you new tape , and we be all very impressed . zak ( v.o. ) great . thank you . 63 i/e. van - night oo rain pour . the van sit on the hard shoulder of a dual carriageway . hazard light on . intercut with hutch . hutch but ... I be afraid the answer be still no . zak can I speak to someone else , please ? someone higher up ? hutch I be afraid not . zak mate , you do not understand . this be my dream . hutch I do understand , but the decision 's be make . I be sorry . zak please , I have a kid now . I make my girlfriend promise . she 's not gonna stay around if -- hutch I be sorry , I can not help you any more . zak there 's gotta be something I can do . I can work harder , I can train . hutch we be lookin’ for somethin’ you can not train for . zak what ? hutch somethin 's extra . zak I have that . hutch no , you do not . 62. 63 64 65 63. zak but my sister do ? pause . hutch the decision 's be make . zak stop sayin’ the decision 's be make . Change the fuckin’ decision ! beat . hutch I gotta go . zak please ... the line go dead . hold on Zak , clutching he phone -- he punch the wheel repeatedly . unleash he anger -- desperation . sit alone in the rain-swept van . int . venue - backstage - night 64 hutch hang up the phone -- walk back out to the MAIN venue : a SMALL local crowd fill bleacher around a ring . hutch find himself beside raya , watch from the wing as madison and jeri-lynn sell a so-so routine to the crowd . plodd move receive cheer and cat-call . they may not be great wrestler -- but they be go over . raya watch the red-blooded crowd eat they up . anxiety rise , raya step away . hutch notice . int . bathroom - moment later 65 raya rush in . throw she head over the sink . puke . run water . clean she face . look at herself in the mirror . 66 67 64 . int . zak and courtney' flat - night oo 66 Zak be slump on the sofa , half - watch the tv , drink a beer . kayden be on he playmat . Zak 's phone ring . he look at the caller id : raya . stare at she name . consider answer . press ' cancel 's . kayden start to cry . Zak look down at he -- turn up the volume on the tv . as kayden bawl -- so Zak raise the volume -- until the tv be in full contest with the whine of the child . Courtney enter , scoops up kayden . courtney Jesus Christ , Zak . she comfort the child . int . SMALL venue - florida - night 67 kirsten circle raya in the ring , hold the mic . kirsten my name be kirsten , I be the future of the nxt ... and the future look good . cheer of approval . '' damn good ! " '' yeahhhh ! " kirsten ( cont 'd ) I be so hot , I make the sun jealous . rowdy dude in the crowd whistle and cat - call lustily for kirsten , who play up to it -- bear to this . madison and jeri-lynn applaud admiringly from the back . hutch look on -- monitoring the reaction -- evaluate . kirsten ( cont 'd ) paige , little paige ... I could say I be gonna rearrange you tooth -- but you be british , I would be do you a favor ! cheer of approval . kirsten ( cont 'd ) you know what would look good with that outfit ? this body . 65 . more cheer . kirsten ( cont 'd ) so get ready -- because I be about to slap you so hard when you stop roll you clothes 's 1l be out of style . if that clothes ever be in style ! more hollers of approval . angle on : hutch take it in . the douche and he croney cheer louder than anyone . kirsten soak in she applause , hand the mic to the referee , who hand it on to raya . raya look at kirsten , never feel less attractive -- or more inadequate . she look out at the audience -- hayseed local swilling beer , wait to be impressed -- none of the welcoming face of she norwich regular . heckles ring out from a fat slobby douche in the front row , suck down a 24 oz beer , surround by bray bros . douche what do you call this look ? ' Old gay man from Miami ? 's throaty laughter from he croney , rattling raya . a bead of sweat trickle down she face . hutch inch forward . sense something be not right . douche ( cont 'd ) what spray - tan do you ask for ? ' Donald trump 's ball - sack ? 's laughter . raya raise the mic to she mouth . all eye on she . the spotlight blaze . audience expectant . she catch sight of hutch watch she . the world suddenly fall silent -- the only sound the thump of she heart . thump , thump , thump . raya open she mouth to speak -- and nothing come out . 68 69 66 . mute -- dry -- burn up under the scrutiny . frozen . failure . thump , thump , thump the douche start booing raya . other join in . raya stew in she humiliation -- as the boo- rise . hutch lower he head -- take no pleasure . jeri-lynn , madison and the rest of the nxt watch as she climb from the ring and hurry backstage -- to a cacophony of jeer . she pass hutch , who watch she go . ext . venue - night 68 the girl exit the stage door . a huddle of new fan surge around kirsten , madison and jeri-lynn -- ignore raya , who pull up she hood , head for the coach . int . coacH - nicet ( J 69 raya sit alone at the back , humiliate . she stare out at the night . she hear hushed voice -- kirsten speak in soft tone to madison and jeri-lynn . she hear snatch under the rumble of the coach : '' she 's not happy ... let everyone down ... " raya hesitates -- take a gulp -- steel herself -- then get up -- power towards kirsten -- who immediately fall silent , flash a smile -- kirsten hey . -- but raya be loom down at she . raya which of you two face want the black eye ? kirsten what ? 67 . raya if you have get somethin’ to say about I , say it . hutch and the other turn to watch . kirsten I do not have anything to say about you . raya do not ! do not lie , or I will wipe that fake fuckin’ smile off you fake fuckin’ face . kirsten I be not fake . raya you be more fake -- ( point to jeri- Lynn ) -- than she tit . jeri -lynn fuck you ! raya fuck you . ( to kirsten ) talk about I behind my back again and I will fuck you up . madison she be not talk about you . raya I hear she . jeri-lynn she be not talk about you . raya then who be she talkin’ about ? kirsten her . kirsten hold up a picture on she phone of a pretty 5 year old girl . raya who 's she ? 70 68. kirsten my daughter . who I have not see in four month , because I be here , put up with you shit so she can have a better life . raya step back . raya I do not know you have a daughter . kirsten no , you do not know anything about I -- ( be : madison / jeri-lynn ) -- or they , or what we life be , or why we be here . raya you ... never tell I . kirsten you never ask . raya take this in . notice hutch and the rest of the class look at she . she slowly move to the back of the coach , slink down into she seat . ext . truck stop - sunrise 70 the class buy snack , stretch they leg , use the rest-room . raya stand alone , stare out at the pass traffic . hutch wander up , sip from a can of soda . stare out at the traffic for a beat . raya 's eye flick at hutch -- as he take another sip of he drink . hutch why do you want to be here ? raya to ... be on the main roster . hutch why ? raya to win the diva 's title . 69 . hutch why ? raya it 's my dream . hutch but why ? raya I be tellin’ you why . hutch no you be not . raya fall silent . hutch ( cont 'd ) I be on the main roster for awhile . do ya know that ? raya shake she head ' no '. beat . hutch ( cont 'd ) back in the 90 . on the road like this , two hundred day a year , barely see my wife or kid . body take a poundin’ every night -- hadda perform with dislocate elbow , break jaw , tear rotator cuff -- but I want to be famous like my heroes and I would already sacrifice so much , what be a little more pain ? in Arizona one time , Ken shamrock drop I on a concrete floor , crack three rib . all I want be to go home -- but I have a match the next night -- ten thousand ticket sell , story - line we would build up over month . the show must go on . I sit in a hotel room , five - hundred mile from everyone I care about , and I could not remember why I be there . just do not know anymore . all I know be I have two option : throw in the towel and go home -- or suck it up and get back in the ring . raya what do you do ? 71 72 hutch 70 . you ever hear of I ? hutch drain the last of he soda . hutch ( cont 'd ) you gotta deliver every single night , whatever they throw at you . people say this be a fake sport but every time you get in that ring , the stake be real . ( then ) I see talent in London , that 's the only reason I be not cuttin’ you right now -- but take Christmas , decide if you should be here -- ' cause if not , do not waste my time or yours comin’ back . and he head for the coach -- ultimatum . int . coach - morning [ cj ] raya look out at the Florida ext . norwich - day raya ride in the w.a.w. van , sight of she hometown . ricky be behind the wheel . he outside -- the knight family home the house be gaudily drench decoration . leave raya absorb he 71 sunrise , lose in she thought . match CUT to : 72 look out at the familiar round a corner , pull up in Christmas light and raya climb out of the van , she orangey fake tan in sharp contrast to the grey british winter . Julia be wait for she . julia bloody hell ! ( be : raya 's orange tan ) willy wonka call -- he need you back at the factory . 73 71 . raya take the jibe with good grace . Julia hug she daughter . julia ( cont 'd ) it 's so good to see you , darlin’ . kaiser come bound up . raya kneel to greet he . he lick she face . ricky careful he do not eat you . he think you be a wotsit . ricky and Julia laugh . int . knight house - kitchen - diner - day 73 the family be pull cracker . raya be hold kayden , coo - ing over he . Hugh and daphne work through a largely inedible lunch . Zak be quiet and subdued . he pull a cracker with Courtney . a plastic ring pop out . julia it 's what you want for Christmas , court -- a engagement ring ! Courtney look at Zak , who avoid she gaze . ricky it 's suppose to cost he three month 's salary -- so that look about right . raya dad ... ricky I be only jokin 's ... daphne turn to raya . daphne how be you get on at the wwf ? julia that 's the World Wildlife Fund . you mean wwe . daphne yes , how you get on ? 72 . raya it 's really hard . ricky ( oblivious ) if it be easy any poor fucker could do it . raya wince -- know Zak be stung by this . raya dad ... that 's not true . julia guess what tomorrow night be , love ? raya shake she head . she bob kayden playfully . julia ( cont 'd ) the Christmas -sacre . raya oh , that 's always fun . ricky total sell - out this year . raya great . ricky we think perhaps -- as a surprise for the fan -- we could bring you on ? to fight you brother ? raya I would rather not . I be really jet - lag . ricky you 'il win . go back to the States undefeate . the fan 's 1ll love it . raya thanks , but I could do with a break . Julia look at ricky , who meet she gaze . then -- ricky look , princess , the truth be -- we already announce you 's 1ll be there . raya 's face drop . she lower kayden . 73 . raya I be exhaust . I have have a really tough year . ricky we have all have a tough year , princess . ( gesture around ) you be do it for the family ... zak I can just do it with Jack . ricky Zak , she 's the star -- no one 's payin 's to see you . Zak take another blow stoically . raya look at she brother -- as a hammer start on the front door . voice ( 0.s. ) Mr. bevis ! or Mr. clondike , whatever you call yourself ... ricky , Julia , Courtney , Zak and raya ( hold kayden ) immediately drop out of sight beneath the table -- leave Hugh and daphne sit alone , utterly bemuse . ricky crawl commando - style to the wall socket -- ricky ( mutter ) it 's Christmas ! who be this bloke ? the terminator ? -- he switch off the Christmas tree light . Julia 's head pop back up -- she whisper to Hugh and daphne . julia hide . daphne pardon I ? julia hide ! now ! Hugh and daphne do as they be tell -- drop to the ground , hide beneath the table . the debt collector peer in through the window . 74 75 76 77 74 . debt collector I know you be in there . I can see foot behind the table . julia daph , pull you fuckin’ foot in , love . daphne do what she 's tell -- and pull she fuckin’ foot in . raya look down at she nephew in she arm . look up -- see Zak stare at they both . 1/e. waw van - vay [ oj 74 Zak drive . up ahead he see a group of strays -- among they paulie -- wait to be pick up . he slow the van some distance away . consider . turn the car down a side street to avoid they . ext . park - day 75 calum sit on he lonely swing , listen out for the van . he perk up as he hear a vehicle -- but it 's merely a post - van pass by . ext . STREET - as before 76 paulie look at he watch , check up and down the street . paulie oh , fuck this ... he stride off . the other stray watch he go -- begin to disperse too . int . norwich community hall - night 77 close on : a ' sold out 's banner paste across a poster that read ' christmassacre 's -- feature paige from wwe !! pull wide to reveal -- a capacity crowd . the stray have front row seat . ricky and Julia -- dress as wrestle version of mr . and mrs . santa claus -- prowl the ring , play up to the crowd . 78 79 75 . julia he 's be makin 's a list and checkin’ it twice ... ricky I be gonna find out who 's naughty and nice ... and crush ' em ! the crowd boo and cheer happily . the stray be loving it . ext . venue - great yarmouth . night 78 raya make she way to the stage -door . voice ( 0.s. ) what do you do to you self ? she look round . Hannah and ellie be approach she . raya oh , it 's different in America . they want glamour , y’know . not some freak . hannah you say you be proud to be a freak . raya have no answer -- as the girl walk off , disappointed . int . norwich community hall - backstage - night 79 raya adjust she costume , Zak tie he boot . raya kayden 's beautiful . zak thanks . Zak get up . take he place by the curtain . watch he parent warming up the crowd . raya join he at the curtain . raya can I tell you somethin’ ? zak ' course . 76 . raya I be not go back . Zak turn -- shocked . raya ( cont 'd ) would you help I tell mum and dad ? Zak stare at she -- processing -- as we hear -- ricky ( 0.s. ) please welcome -- you reign champion -- raya Zak ? ricky ( 0.s. ) -- the unstoppable -- raya will you ? ricky -- the un - tame -able -- Zak Zodiak !! Zak give no answer as he theme tune plays -- he throw open the curtain and bound out . raya let he go -- watch as the audience give hima generous response and he climb into the ring . julia and for one night only -- in the flesh -- please welcome -- the next biggest star of the wwe -- ricky of America ! julia -- you homecome queen -- and the great talent the w.a.w. have ever produce -- close on Zak , gritting he tooth . ricky / julia paige ! raya jog out to she theme tune . less a entrance , more a victory lap . the crowd go insane -- on they foot -- snap picture - claw for autograph . the stray cheering proudly . 77 . ricky and Julia grin -- exchange a gleeful look of pride at they new ' superstar 's . close on Zak watch the overwhelming response for raya . ricky stay in the ring to referee as Julia climb out , pass raya as she slip through the rope and into the ring . mum wink at daughter , squeeze she arm . raya nod , less excited . ricky lean in to the sibling as if explain the rule . ricky ( hushed ) you know the drill -- bit of back and forth , Zak get the best of you -- last minute , you kick he arse . raya nod . Zak do not move . Julia ring the bell . raya and Zak lock up . swing into battle . raya send Zak crash to the mat . wild cheer from the audience . Zak jump back up . raya grab he arm , whip he towards the turnbuckle -- but Zak reverse it -- fling she into the turnbuckle instead -- with venom . Zak approach raya -- load she up for a body slam . slam she down . hard . raya lie , wind by the drop . ricky be startle by Zak 's aggression . boos from the crowd . the stray surprised . raya get to she foot , stagger momentarily , unbalance . she and Zak lock up . raya go easy , would ya . Zak load she up again , dead -ey . slam ! raya land harder than before . more boos for Zak . ricky lean in . ricky ( whisper , to Zak ) careful -- you be gonna hurt she . 78 . raya be daze from the drop . roll away , stagger to she foot . stretch she neck -- not for show . ricky look at Julia -- both concerned . Zak approach raya , menace in he eye . raya give hima boot to the mid section . for real ! he double over . cheer for raya . she take Zak down -- go for the pin . the crowd chant along with ricky . ricky ( cont 'd ) one ...! two ...! Zak kick out . more boos . the sibling rise to they foot . lock up again . Zak grab raya around the back of she head , one hand on she hip . he load she up -- slam -- suplex ! ricky and Julia both recoil at the fury . ricky ( cont 'd ) ( in Zak 's face ) what be you doin 's ? raya 's prostrate on she back . shake off the fall . Zak drop on top of she in a pin . she struggle but there 's no escape . ricky slide in close . ricky ( cont 'd ) Zak ! she 's s'pose to win ... Zak ignore he . the crowd chant '' one ! '' ricky whisper to Zak . ricky ( cont 'd ) let she win ... the crowd chant ' two ! 's 80 raya ( struggle ) Zak -- raya riggles , unable to break free . the crowd : '' three ! '' 79 . the bell ding -- the crowd boo -- the stray look confuse . Julia look on , shaking she head . ricky stare at Zak , who stare back defiantly -- then raise he fist in the air . relentless boos from the crowd -- not the outcome they pay for . raya stare at she brother -- but he do not meet she gaze . ext . venue - great yarmouth . night 80 Zak exit at speed . raya chase after he , furious . raya what be that ? you coulda hurt I ! Zak ignore she . raya ( cont 'd ) Zak ? ricky and Julia burst outside . ricky barrel shove he hard against the wall . ricky what be that ? you know she be s'pose to win . Zak push ricky back hard . zak why be not you give she shit ? ricky she do what she 's tell . zak do she ? raya look at she brother , angry -- towards Zak. 80 . julia what be it ? raya it do not matter . ricky oh God , you be not pregnant now , too ? raya no ! julia what then ? Julia and ricky stare at raya -- but it 's Zak who speak . zak she 's quittin’ ... raya fuck you , Zak ! zak you want my help tellin’ they -- you be welcome . Zak walk off . ricky turn on raya . ricky you be goin 's back if I have to drag you to the States myself . raya you be a alchy ex-con -- they will not let you in . ricky watch you fuckin’ mouth ! julia ( intervene ) Rick ! ricky you be go back ! Julia step forward . julia we know it 's tough , darlin’ , but this be what you always want . 81 81 . raya be it ? or be it what you always want ? julia what do that mean ? raya point to a poster on the wall -- the w.a.w. one - sheet feature Julia in tooth - bare tigeress mode and in bold lettering : '' sweet saraya '' . raya you name I after you own ring name ! I be not doin’ this just ' cause you be too old and fuck to do it yourself . Julia 's eye flash -- whap ! she slap she daughter clean across the face . fwap ! raya slap she straight back . ricky stoppit ! Jesus ! ricky break they apart . ricky ( cont 'd ) ( to raya ) you be doin 's what we say . we know what 's best for ya , you be still just a kid . raya I know . so instead of bein 's my coach or my promoter -- how about bein 's my fuckin’ parent ? and be go . ricky fume . look at Julia for support -- but she be still reeling . close shot -- 81 - a 8x10 publicity photo of raya -- scowling , goth look , combat boot . hand tear it into shred . pull wide : 82 83 84 82. int . raya 's bedroom - night 82 raya dump the shred of photo into a trash bag . she pick up a wrestle trophy . toss it into the bag . pick up a handful of wwe action figure -- toss they -- -- pick up the photo of herself after she first match -- grin , arm in arm with Zak , dress in he pink power ranger outfit . she throw it in the trash -- as there 's a knock on the door . raya what ? julia ( 0.s. ) it 's I ... raya go away . julia ( 0.s. ) open the door . she do not respond . julia ( 0.s. ) ( cont 'd ) Courtney call . you brother 's miss ... raya look up -- open the door -- lock eye with she mother . ext . britannia road - norwich hillside - night 83 close on Zak , swigging from a bottle of vodka , lose in he darkness . his mobile phone be ringing . he take it out of he pocket -- look at the caller id : raya . cancel the call . take another swig . walk off . pass the loom facade of the prison ... int . w.a.w. van - same time [ dj 84 raya 's phone beep dead . ricky be drive . Julia shotgun , raya in the rear . they scan the street . no sign of Zak . raya look out -- up on the hillside -- she see the loom outline of the prison . 85 86 83. ext . street - night 85 the w.a.w. van prowl through the night . search . int . w.a.w. van - continuous oo 86 Julia look over at ricky , then -- fear and worry etched on she face -- turn to raya . julia if you do not want to go back to America ... we be not gonna make you . ricky what ? ( to raya ) you be goin 's back . julia not if she do not want to . ricky have everyone go mad ?! if she get on the main roster , she 's set for life . julia she be -- or you be ? ricky all of we . you want I to go back to robbin 's bank to feed this family ? julia what family ? we daughter 's miserable . one son 's in jail , the other 's hangin’ on by a thread -- ricky Zak be fine . julia will you pull you thick head out yer fat arse ! Zak be not fine ! and if you have gotta go back to robbin 's bank to feed this family , so be it , ' cause at this rate , we be not gonna have a fuckin’ family to feed ! 87 84 . raya stop ! ricky turn . raya be point through the windscreen -- at Zak 's car park haphazardly in the street . int . pub - night 87 a spit - and -sawdust boozer . Zak be at the bar work rapidly through a beer and a whiskey chaser . he finish both , summon refill from the barman . a thuggish - looking bruiser stand next to Zak at the bar . he be serve four pint of Beer . Zak watch as he gather they up and turn towards he other thuggish - looking friend . Zak deliberately get up and elbow the bruiser -- send the beer crash to the floor . the bruiser spin on Zak -- tower above he . bruiser you just stick you be fuckin’ elbow out . zak no I do not . bruiser you callin 's I a liar ? zak no. I be callin’ you a wanker . beat . the bruiser get in Zak 's face . bruiser I do not hear that ... zak do not ya ? then you be a deaf prick , as well . the bruiser swing a punch . Zak be ready for it -- side -step -- clobber he . the other bruiser immediately come at Zak -- he fight they off -- they trade punch -- crash through a table , knock drink fly . 88 85 . the bruiser back Zak towards a pool table . Zak grab a pool cue , swing at a bruiser who try to side - swipe he . the cue break over he shoulder . Zak raise the severe cue , be about to bring it down on another bruiser when a hand grab he arm . he spin around , ready to smack someone -- -- find himself stare at ricky . ricky let 's go . zak fuck off . ricky manhandle Zak towards the exit . zak ( cont 'd ) fuck off ! ext . pub - continuous 88 ricky bundle Zak out of the pub . Zak spin into the street , stumble -- see Julia , look pain -- pause for a moment -- then regains he foot -- drunkenly lash out at he father -- but it 's ricky 's turn to side -step . he grab he son 's arm -- twist it -- Zak swivel out of the hold -- suddenly see he sister look at he . raya Zak ... Zak ignore she . go at he father like a ram . tries to take down ricky -- ricky defend himself , try not to hurt Zak . nothing choreograph about this rumble . ricky may be older and slower but he 's sober , with twice the experience . he finally spin Zak into a hybrid nelson hold -- Zak thrashes like a madman in a straitjacket . Julia hold she hand to she mouth in angst . raya stand in front of Zak . Eye to eye . raya ( cont 'd ) ( calming ) Zak ... Zak shake he head -- huff like a grizzly . raya ( cont 'd ) 86 . Zak ... Zak want to fight , to rage -- but she stare at he -- she face calm -- caring -- full of love . Zak cool a little . raya ( cont 'd ) dad . let he go ... ricky loosen he hold . Zak look at he sister . gather he breath . walk Julia reach out for he . raya raise she hand -- go after he . track with Zak , as raya call out . raya ( cont 'd ) Zak . talk to I . Zak stride on . raya ( cont 'd ) why will not you talk to I ? off . '' let I '' Zak stop -- turn , advance on she -- fury in he eye . zak ' Cause I can not even look at you ! raya back away , intimidate . raya why ? zak why ? why ?! D ’ya know what it 's like to want one fuckin’ thing in life , one dream , you work for , train for , get this close to -- and you be own fuckin’ sister take it from you ? and then decide she do not even want it after all ?! raya I do not take you dream , Zak . zak no ? then why be I stick here ? raya because they do not want you ! this stun Zak . raya soften , not want to fight . raya ( cont ’d ) I be sorry , it 's shitty , but it 's not my fault , it 's just how it be . zak just how it be ? raya yes . so you can either curl up ina ball and die , or start seein 's all the thing you have get here . zak what have I get here ? raya a beautiful son . a girlfriend who love you -- zak -- ' cause she think I would be famous . raya no , you dozy twat , ' cause you be kind and lovin 's ... believe in people , inspire ‘em -- zak who do I inspire ? raya me. that kid at the gym . you be teachin’ a blind kid to wrestle , how be that even possible ? just ' cause a million people do not cheer when you do it do not mean it 's not important . a flicker in Zak 's eye . she 's get through to he -- 87 . 89 88. raya ( cont 'd ) ( softly ) I do not steal you dream , Zak . you share it with I . it 's my dream too . Zak 's face harden again . zak then why the fuck be you throwin’ it away ? raya take this in -- as Zak on he heel -- and be go . int . raya 's bedroom - night 89 raya lie on she bed , chew over Zak 's word . her door be ajar . kaiser bound in , jump on she bed . she look up -- ricky and Julia stand in the doorway . ricky you mum 's right , princess . if you do not wanna go back , do not . you should not ever do nothin’ ' cause I or anyone else tell you to . he and Julia enter , sit down either side of raya . ricky ( cont 'd ) you be the spark in we life -- whatever you do with yours . raya quiver with emotion . Julia and ricky put they arm around she , kiss and embrace she . they hold each other for a tender moment , then break away . ricky kiss raya on the top of she head . they both leave . kaiser stay . raya watch as he prowl around the room . he sniff at the garbage bag on the floor . chews at a crumpled sheet of paper poke from it . raya get up , pull the sheet of paper out -- unfold it . it 's ellie' sketch of raya , hold aloft the wwe championship belt . raya look at the illustration -- grin -- victorious -- immortal . 90 91 89 . raya hug kaiser as she look at she real self , reflect in she bedroom mirror . int . nxt developmental - gym - morning 90 the other girl be work out . kirsten be jogging on a treadmill . a figure enter -- at first obscure by equipment and move body -- but eventually we see -- raya be back -- along with she black hair -- pale goth make - up -- piercing and rock - chick clothes . she pass hutch , who register the change . pass jeri-lynn and madison -- climb onto the treadmill next to kirsten , begin jogging . kirsten glance at she . raya speed up she treadmill until she be run . kirsten do the same , keep pace -- match CUT to : ext . beach - day 91 another taxing burden run with heavy sandbag . kirsten be ahead , raya trail . hutch watch -- as raya -- push herself harder and harder -- begin to gain on kirsten . with great effort , raya pass kirsten -- reach the tire flip . hutch watch as the girl begin to flip they tire . once. twice . it 's a race to the finish . neck and neck . raya notice madison to she leave , struggle once again -- ignore she -- flip she tire for a third time -- -- move ahead of kirsten and jeri-lynn . she drop she tire . dash for the finish -- -- when she stop -- a quizzical look cross hutch 's face -- -- as raya double back . run over to madison -- still struggle with she tire -- and begin to scream in she face . 92 93 94 95 90 . raya c'mon ...! madison I can not ! raya flip it -- or this time I will break you nose ! kirsten spot what raya be do . madison I can not . raya yes you can ! suddenly -- kirsten and jeri-lynn be beside raya , cheer on madison too -- as hutch look on . finally , madison flip she tire . and another . and a third time -- buoy by the other woman . all four girl race for the finish line -- cross at the same time -- collapse -- delighted and exhaust . raya lock eye with hutch , as we -- ext . apartment complex - day 92 kirsten glide through the length of the pool . she climb out , reach for a towel lie on she SUN lounger . sitting on she lounger be raya 's ultimate warrior cuddly toy -- anda post -it note stick to he that read : " for you daughter " . kirsten pick it up -- surprised . int . nxt performance CENTER - day 93 raya , kirsten , madison and jeri-lynn work through a routine , which segues into -- int . florida venue - night 94 -- the same routine administer in the ring . int . nxt performance CENTER - gym 95 the class stand in formation . 96 97 91 . hutch walk between they , eye-balling each contender . he stop . hutch for you and the nxt , this be the end of the line ... he offer up he hand -- to Black adonis . ext . florida - day oo 96 aerial shot : the nxt coach make it 's way down the highway . int . wrestling venue - another show , another night 97 raya vs. jeri-lynn . cat -call for jeri-lynn as she parade before raya , mic in hand , trash talk . jeri -lynn look at she -- jumpy as a long tail cat in a room full of rockin ' chair . the crowd laugh and cheer . jeri -lynn ( cont ’d ) I be fixin’ to whup ya like a rent mule . when I be do , you will be uglier than a bucket full o’ armpit . douche what d'ya mean : will be ? it 's the douche from before , jeering from the front row . jeri- Lynn hand the mic to raya . we see the crowd from raya 's Pov , another rowdy mob in a Florida backwater , hard to please . as ever -- hutch at the back -- watch -- judge . the light burn down . blind . douche ( cont 'd ) have anyone see my boner ? it be here a minute ago . snicker from he gang and like-minded idiot . raya go quiet . the crowd murmur , expectant . 92 . douche ( cont 'd ) it 's the only groupie Marilyn Manson will not fuck ! more laughter . raya cross to the rope , stare down at the douche . raya what 's you problem with I ? douche you be not what I pay for . raya I know -- the girl you pay for be tie up in you basement . surprised laughter from the crowd . wooo . where have that come from ? douche who be you ? raya my name be paige . douche what be you doin’ here ? raya the same job as my mother . you should do the same job as you mother and hang around the dock , waitin ' for the sailor to come in . more '' woos '' , some scattered applause . crowd warming to she . douche eat my dick . raya no thanks , I be tryin ' to bulk up . douche you suck . raya yeah , but you swallow . on fire now . 98 99 93. raya ( cont 'd ) I have be doin 's this since I be thirteen . you could show we what you be doin 's at thirteen , but no one want to see you spyin’ on you grandmother takin’ a shower ... crowd loving this girl now . even the douche 's friend laugh . raya ( cont 'd ) so sit there and if you speak again , I will stick my foot so far up you arse , you will be use my big toe as a tongue . the room blows up . vocal . approve . stamp foot . the douche fall silent -- vanquish -- as hutch look on . ext . wrestling venue - stage - door - night 98 kirsten , jeri-lynn and madison sign picture , pout and pose for photo with male fan -- jock , middle - age man , father with teenage son . raya be ignore . she head for the tour bus when -- -- three goth / alt teenager step forward nervously . teen paige ... can ... we have a picture ? raya nod , surprised , put she arm round they , as they begin to take picture . they hug raya tight -- she return the affection . from the door of the bus -- hutch notice . int . nxt performance CENTER - as before 99 the class still in formation . raya watch as hutch 's hand move toward she -- -- extend past raya -- to long haire dude . who start to cry . the other dude console he . hutch ( pre lap ) that of you still here , give yourself a round of applause -- 100 101 102 94 . int . nxt performance CENTER - as before 100 hutch stand , address the remain classmate as they applaud themselves . hutch as a reward , April 6th I be takin 's you all on a date to a romantic little place I call ... wrestlemania ! as the class explode into cheer and raya grin excitedly . ext . hm prison norwich - day 101 the heavy prison gate gate open -- and Roy walk out . he be welcome with hug and tear by ricky and Julia . they hand a gift bag to Roy -- who reach inside , lift out - - a zebra print leotard . he grin . then look around -- roy where 's Zak ? ext . another norwich STREET - day 102 Zak walk up the street , smoking , drink a beer . he stop . up ahead -- he see paulie , back on ' he 's wall . a man in he mid - 20 approach -- they exchange a few word . paulie reach behind the wall , pull something up . they do a street handshake . mid-20s go on he way . Zak move forward -- for a moment we think he 's crossing the road to reprimand paulie -- but then he veer down a side street -- leave paulie to count he cash . side lane Zak walk head - down -- when he bump hard into a man come the other way with he mate . voice ( 0.s. ) watch it . Zak look around . it 's the Street tough who be earlier hassling paulie . Zak watch they go -- as they head towards paulie 's corner . 103 95 . ext . norwich STREET - moment later 103 the two STREET tough be work paulie over . it 's all paulie can do to cover - up and deflect the blow . voice ( 0.s. ) sorry to interrupt , mate ... the tough turn -- it 's Zak . zak +. but he 's due at wrestle trainin’ . tough fuck off . zak I would , but he 's pay for the lesson , so he could sue . Zak step forward , the tough push he back . tough seriously , stick to the fake fightin' , yeah ? he turn back , raise he fist to give paulie a wallop -- when Zak grab he arm . the tough instinctively swing a right hook at Zak -- who deftly duck underneath it , step forward -- use he right arm to collar the punk -- and slam he down with a rock bottom . the punk gasp for air , wind knock out of he . zak do that feel fake , mate ? STREET tough 2 step towards Zak -- who stare he down . the tough give Zak a once over -- do not fancy he chance -- grab he friend and drag he away . Zak turn to paulie . zak ( cont 'd ) you alright ? paulie yeah . zak good -- 104 105 106 107 96 . Zak give he a clip round the ear . paulie arrghhh . what 's that for ? zak for missin’ training . off paulie 's confuse look -- ext . park -— day 104 calum sit sullenly on he swing . behind he , Zak , paulie and the w.a.w. van pull up . Zak honk the horn . calum look up , confuse . honk . calum 's frown turn to a grin -- as we -- ext . norwich STREET - day oo ) 105 the stray be take turn toss half a concrete block at a street light in a effort to smash it . one or two of the young one have lash a handful of firework together and be try to light they . suddenly -- metallica . they all look up , see Zak and the van approach . int . w.a.w. gym - office - day 106 ricky and Julia be do they tax return . they hear something outside . they get up to investigate -- find Zak , run the stray through drill . he be hold kayden , as Courtney look on . ricky and Julia exchange glance . ricky wander up beside Zak . they share a look . ricky reach up , bring he son 's head to he , pat it proudly . Zak reciprocate . the most this two man can ' say 's to one another . full screen : [ J 107 wrestlemania xxx telecast . the rock be in the ring , work the crowd , who be go berserk . dwayne ( pre lap ) the rock have come back to wrestlemania ! 108 109 97 . int . new orlean superdome - backstage - night 108 raya and the nxt class wander , wide - eye , take in the backstage hubbub -- wwe superstar get made - up -- adjust costume -- run through routine . they stop at a lavish catering spread , stock up on food . raya take a handful of hotdog . a hand tap raya on the shoulder . she throw the hotdog down like she 's be catch . the hand belong to hutch . she turn to look at he . hutch come with I . raya look disconcert , follow hutch . kirsten and the other girl watch she go . raya ( to hutch ) be everything okay ? he do not reply . int . elevator - moment later 109 raya stand beside hutch . the elevator door open . int . superdome - backstage corridor - moment later 110 raya follow hutch down a corridor . they stop outside a dressing room . a burly security guy open the door . hutch look at raya , gesture inside . she hesitatingly enter , confuse -- watch hutch as he walk away ... int . dressing room - continuous 111 raya take in the plush surroundings : leather sofa , lamp , candle , treadmill , buffet of food and beverage . she stand for a moment , uncertain of what be happen , when suddenly the door open -- and dwayne Johnson stride in . dwayne ( smile ) hey . how be you ? raya ( confuse ) Fine ... you ? dwayne never better . you want anything ? sugar - free soda ? sugar- free gum ? wheat - free donut ? raya shake she head . dwayne ( cont 'd ) Water ? vitamin water ? protein water ? raya no , thanks . I get three hot dog waitin’ for I . dwayne I have not eat a hot dog since 1987 . raya do you want one ? they have get load out there . dwayne I mean out of choice . raya oh. okay . dwayne walk into a adjoin bathroom , begin he ' stage 's to ' civilian 's shirt . raya 's not sure what she 's do there . dwayne how 's you family ? raya Fine . dwayne when 's the last time you speak to they ? raya couple of week ago . dwayne appear from the adjoin room . dwayne then we should give they a call . 98. change from 112 99 . raya look confuse . raya you want to call my family ? dwayne yeah . raya be you feelin’ light -headed ? you blood sugar 's probably low . you should have a hotdog . int . knight house - live room - night ro} 112 wrestlemania on tv -- ricky park in he usual chair , Julia sit in he lap , both watch . Roy lie on the couch . Zak lean in the doorway , sip a beer . on the tv , reign champion aj lee run at naomi , who scoops she up -- but aj reverse . commentator ( v.o. ) look at aj ! look to put she away ! submission maneuver ! naomi go to tap out ! naomi tap . commentator ( v.o. ) against all odd , aj do it ! aj grab the belt and start to celebrate . the crowd go wild . the house phone ring . ricky answer , eye fix on the tv . ricky . ( angry ) . . which prick 's phonin’ during wrestlemania ? intercut : dwayne on the phone , raya beside he . dwayne it 's dwayne Johnson . ricky yeah . and I be vin diesel . dwayne no , it be I , Mr knight . 100 . ricky prove it . pause . dwayne ( full rock mode ) can you smelllll what the rock be cooking ?! ricky yes -- bullshit ! he hang up . beat . the phone ring again . ricky answer , eye still not leave the tv . dwayne it 's dwayne Johnson again ... ricky Glenn , you yank accent 's awful . you just sound constipate . raya dad ... it 's actually he . beat . ricky sorry , Mr. Johnson , bad connection . to what do we owe the pleasure ? julia who be it ? ricky cover the mouthpiece . ricky it 's raya and the bloody rock . the stray and pro 's react excitedly . Zak betray no emotion . ricky put the phone on speaker . dwayne I be very impressed by you daughter in London . I have be keep tabs on she progress . ( more ) 101 . dwayne ( cont 'd ) I hear some news tonight , so I ask coach if I could tell you all myself . julia what news ? dwayne I be afraid that for paige and the nxt -- this be the end of the line . raya 's brow furrow . ricky and Julia lean into the phone , sigh heavily . Zak be impassive . huh ? dwayne ( cont 'd ) it 's the end of the line ... because they be call she up . to the main roster . ricky julia eh ? dwayne ( cont 'd ) on tomorrow night 's RAW she 's go to fight the diva 's champion for the title . julia fuck I dead , bury I pregnant . dwayne react to this phrase for the second time . Zak remain impassive -- unreadable . ricky thank you , dwayne . you do not know what this mean to we . dwayne I think I do , sir , I come from a wrestle family myself , start off rip ticket for my dad in buttfuck , Texas . I be sure paige be like I ; first time I go out on the main roster , what help I rise to the occasion be think : I be do do this for my family . Zak listen , stone - face . ricky I know she have appreciate any advice you get , rock . 113 dwayne I do not wanna sugar coat it . this be a test . the boss , the producer , they be look for they next superstar , and they decide that base on one thing : can you go over with the crowd . julia she already do . dwayne in the small show . this be main roster . thousands in the stadium , million watch . this be the big league . 102 . raya look out through the glass at the vast stadium below_ - -~ the horde of people cheer the match -- and a wave of anxiety wash over she . dwayne ( cont 'd ) Fame , fortune , everything you all work for , it depend on that one thing -- dwayne look raya in the eye . dwayne ( cont 'd ) you gotta go over . Close on raya , then -- julia you can do it , darlin’ . we love you . ricky good luck , princess . you be gonna be a star . roy good luck , Ray . ricky we be all with you . Zak say nothing , slip quietly out of the room . int . raya 's motel room - night raya can not sleep . she get up . drag the blanket bed . 113 from she 114 103 . ext . motel - sunrise 114 raya sit outside , wrap in the blanket . watch the sunrise pensively . int . w.a.w. gym - day 115 Roy look on as Zak supervise calum and paulie in the ring . calum , cool and confident now , throw paulie off the rope . calum bounce back -- clothesline paulie . the stray watch at the apron , applaud . calum climb the turnbuckle . stands astride it . wobbles nervously . zak you get it ... calum pause -- then moonsault off , landing on top of paulie , both crash to the mat . Roy lean forward -- what the fuck ? paulie and calum get to they foot , grin with glee . wild applause from the stray -- as Roy shake he head in disbelief . ext . britannia road - norwich hillside - day 116 Zak and Roy jog up the hill . they reach the top , suck in air , look out at they hometown . roy can ya believe we little sister 's go from here , to the main roster of the wwe ? zak you would would have too , if they would give you the chance . roy Nah . she 's get somethin' I never have . zak what ? 120 104 . roy you . he run on -- leave Zak to muse on he word -- as he stare out at the city . int . new orlean auditorium - morning 117 the vast arena be empty . raya make she way towards the ring - - climb in -- walk the canvas -- stare up at the size and scale of this coliseum . not in awe -- more in fear . we hear the swell of audience cheer -- and -- commentator 1 ( v.o. ) welcome back to ringside , everybody ... int . auditorium - night ro} 118 the camera sweep across the same vast arena -- now fill to capacity with a ocean of scream fan . commentator 1 ( v.o. ) Monday night RAW , live after last night explosive wrestlemania ... int . locker room - continuous [ J 119 raya , in costume , watch the live feed on the in - room tv . commentator 1 ( v.o. ) another capacity crowd here in New Orleans ... and million watch we live across the globe ... push in : on raya , anxiety rise . on screen : JOHN cena appear , soak in he ovation . commentator 1 ( v.o. ) and here come John cena -- int . knight house - night { gj 120 telecast on tv . every chair and inch of floor space be fill up with wrestler , strays , family and friend , buzzing with excitement . paulie help calum find a seat . 121 105 . Courtney and kayden enter with Hugh and daphne . Roy shoos some stray off the couch to make space for they . Julia whisper quietly to Courtney . julia where 's Zak ? Courtney shrug . Julia look pain . on tv : cena bolt for the stage , follow by sheamus and Big E. commentator 1 ( v.o. ) -- split sheamus and Big e... and here we go ... six man tag team action ... cena , sheamus and Big E charge into the ring and fight back the Wyatt family . electricity seep through the crowd . int . dressing room - night 121 as the crowd roar on tv , raya hear they rumble through the wall -- look at the plaster like it might burst . a knock on the door . hutch ( 0.s. ) paige ! you be up ! another roar rattles through the wall . raya hang on , please . outside hutch hammer on the door . hutch this it ! let 's go ! inside raya I say fuckin’ hang on ! hutch hang on for what ? this be live tv . let 's go ! a strange look cross raya 's face . she rush to the sink , throw she head over the basin -- 106 . puke . she slide to the floor , white as a sheet -- even whiter than usual -- but the world have fall silent -- the only sound the thump of her heart . thump , thump , thump . she sit , slump , back against the wall . on the tv screen : a highlight package relive diva' oo champion aj lee win she wrestlemania title match the night before . raya stare blankly ... the beat of her heart -- thump , thump , thump -- meld with the beat on the door . raya remain freeze . blank stare . suddenly -- thrash metal -- razor -blade guitar -- gravelly vocal -- ' zodiak ! zodiak ! 's the sound be come from she bag -- she drag she bag towards she , reach in , pull out -- she cell phone -- -- hesitates -- -- answer . Zak 's face appear on facetime . they look at one another for a moment . zak well , you have get a face like a bulldog lick piss off a thistle . she stare at he . raya I can not do this . zak what you talkin’ about ? raya I will not go over with the crowd . zak yes , you will . raya no . I be not what they want . 107 . zak what do they want ? raya gorgeous girl , glamour ... superhero . not some weirdo freak from norwich . zak there 's people everywhere who feel like they be weirdo freak from norwich . who 's they superhero ? raya consider . hutch hammer on the door . hutch ( 0.s. ) paige ! you be on ! raya look at the door -- at she brother . raya beat . beat . where be you ? you be suppose to be here , Zak . where the fuck be you ? zak I be there . I be with you . I be you brother . raya I be gonna fuck it up . zak no , you be not . raya I be gonna freeze . zak no , you be not . raya how do you know , Zak ?! zak because you be a knight . wrestling 's in you blood . raya like hepatitis ? 122 123 124 125 108 . zak a , B and C . a faint smile from raya -- as we hear more hammering on the door . hutch ( 0.s. ) paige ! int . arena - backstage - continuous 122 hutch hammer on the door -- when suddenly it open -- and raya be stand before he , ready for action . they share a look . int . arena - corridor - backstage - moment later 123 raya make the long walk to the stage , chaperon by hutch . they pass kirsten , jeri-lynn and madison , who give raya the thumb up . raya and hutch reach the entrance to the ' gorilla position 's -- last stop before the auditorium -- the camera -- the crowd . int . arena - nicet [ J 124 aj parade with the championship belt , arrogantly proclaim she greatness . aj lee for 295 day I have be you diva 's champion . the longest reign diva 's champion of all time ... int . knight house - night oo 125 Zak enter . he sit down next to Courtney , who be hold kayden . she look at he . see 's something new -- tender -- in he eye . something unspoken be say between they . Zak kiss she gently and tenderly , hug kayden close . aj lee ( on tv ) last night at wrestlemania , it be aj Lee versus the world ... and aj Lee win ... 126 127 128 129 109 . int . the gorilla - same 126 raya watch -- wait for she cue -- never more nervous . she look at hutch . raya any advice ? hutch crush it . or you 's 1ll wind up with I on the '' who the fuck be you ? '' pile . raya do you say mean shit to motivate I ? or be you really a prick ? hutch this be wrestle ... who know what 's real ? he smirk . raya manage a half - smile in return . a stage manager give raya she cue ... int . the ring - same oo 127 aj lee I be the saviour of the diva 's division . I be the diva 's division ...! suddenly ... paige 's music hit -- raya stride out -- and down the ramp . commentator 1 ( v.o. ) what 's this ? it 's a new face from nxt . she 's from nor-wich , England , she name be paige -- and she 's here on RAW ! int . knight live room - same oo 128 everyone cheer -- Hannah and ellie go wild for they hero . int . control room - same oo 129 hutch enter -- take he place behind writer , producer , other wrestler . he watch the monitor expectantly . 130 131 132 110 . int . the ring - same o 130 raya be blind by the sting of the stage light . time slow down . her eye focus . she see thousand of expectant face stare at she -- ready to judge -- a Roman coliseum . some cheer . some boos . a distant chant of '' who be you ? who be you ? " . ai ( from the ring ) what the hell be you do here ? the question snap raya out of she daze . she climb into the ring , take the mic . raya I ... just come to do what no one else would ... and that 's to congratulate you , ad ... ai well , be not you the sweetest little crumpet ? she flick raya on the nose . aj ( cont 'd ) but you know what ? while you be here in my ring and you be all fancy and dress , why do not I do to you what I do to every single other girl last night ? why do not I beat you ? raya I be not ready to -- ai you be not ? okay . aj slap she across the face . int . knight live room - same 131 everyone react : '' ohhhhh ! " int . the ring - same oo 132 raya tumble to the mat -- clutches she cheek . 133 134 111 . ai ready or not , this be my house . i’1l1 tell you when you be ready . I think we need to have a match right now . and I will put my title on the line ! commentator 1 ( v.o. ) we have a title match ? commentator 2 ( v.o. ) but paige be not ready for this ... int . knight live room - same oo 133 the whole gang lean towards the tv . Julia bite she nail . voice ( 0.s. ) Mr. bevis ? everyone turn . the debt collector be stand in the live room doorway . debt collector you owe eight thousand , two hundred and thirty - three pound . ricky you will get you money -- my daughter 's on tv . debt collector that 's not you daughter . ricky hold up a frame picture of raya . the debt collector compare it with the girl on the tv . they match . ricky now sit down , shut up and have a beer . ricky toss a can of lager to the debt collector -- as all eye return to the tv -- on screen [ J 134 a referee have appear . a bell ring . aj sprint at raya -- punch she in the throat , against the rope . raya fall to the mat , as aj pummel she in the back . 135 136 137 138 139 112 . int . the ring - same {cj 135 aj grab raya by she hair , toss she like a rag-doll at the rope . raya spring off they -- head - first into a back elbow from aj -- crash to the mat . raya lie on the mat , freeze to the spot . aj skip around she , gloat . int . knight live room - same 136 Julia lean forward , worried . julia why she 's just sittin’ there ? zak she 's milkin’ it . ricky ( concerned ) no , she 's freeze . zak it 's part of the show . julia I know my daughter . she 's chokin’ . zak I be tellin’ you -- she 's fine . oo push in on raya -- on screen -- raya look freeze to the spot -- while aj vamp , buy time . int . control room - same oo 137 hutch lean forward -- study raya on the monitor -- have he back the wrong horse ? int . the ring - same {cj 138 aj strut over -- pull raya to she foot -- side - kick she in the stomach . raya double over . int . knight live room - same 139 everyone -- the debt collector now sit among they -- wince as one -- 140 141 142 143 144 113 . -- as aj swing raya against the rope . int . the ring - same ro ) 140 raya hang there for a second -- -- then come alive -- -- burst into action , charge at aj -- duck under a clothesline -- bounce off the rope -- deliver a flying drop kick to aj . the crowd cheer -- int . knight live room - same 141 everyone cheer , too . daphne blow out of she seat . daphne suck my ball , bitch ! everyone react to daphne 's new find aggression . on screen oo 142 raya backhand chop aj . zak ( to Julia ) told you she be fine ... int . control room - same 143 hutch lean back , relieved . int . the ring - same oo 144 aj check for blood -- come forward -- jump on raya 's back . commentator 1 ( v.o . ) aj look for the Black widow ... submission manoeuver . raya struggle -- aj have she beat -- when raya wind she right arm back -- deliver a swinging leg hook fireman 's carry slam , dump aj on the back of she head . huge roar of approval from the crowd . 145 146 147 148 149 114 . int . knight live room - same 145 Zak jump up . zak ( excited , proud ) that be my move ! that 's the Zak attack ! commentator 2 ( v.o. ) oh ! what be we call that -- ? commentator 1 ( v.o. ) how about -- the paige Turner ! int . the ring - same oo 146 raya leap on top of aj -- pin she to the mat . crowd this be awesome ! this be awesome ! the ref slam the canvas : " one ... " int . knight live room - same 147 all two ... Hugh and daphne clutch each other , enthralled . int . the ring - same 148 the referee call it : '' ... three ! '' int . knight live room - same 149 total fucking bedlam -- hugging -- cheering -- craze with pride -- the adrenalin of a life-changing moment . kaiser be barking loudly . hannah Group hug . family -- stray -- wrestler -- daphne and Hugh all bundle into a group hug . beat . 150 115 . courtney paulie ! paulie I can not help it ! it do what it want ! zak fifty . paulie it 's only semi . zak Fine . twenty five . int . the auditorium - same oo 150 the crowd cheer . raya clasp she hand to she mouth . she can not believe it . flooded with emotion . the referee raise raya 's arm . commentator 1 ( v.o. ) the twenty year old from norwich , England be not ready to be in wwe , come here tonight to congratulate aj and -- commentator 2 ( v.o. ) -- be go to leave as the youngest wwe diva 's Champion ... in history ! commentator 1 ( v.o. ) and the first ever to win the title in she debut match ! commentator 2 ( v.o. ) unbelievable ! we have a new diva 's champion -- paige ! raya take the title belt , climb onto the rope , raise she fist triumphantly in the air and hoist the belt above she head . the crowd chant -- '' paige ! paige ! paige !! '' -- just as Zak have envision back at the 02 Center . we 360 ° around raya -- share she moment . 151 152 153 154 116 . int . control room - same 151 hutch watch the crowd cheer paige 's name , assess the response . int . knight live room - same 152 Julia turn to ricky . oo julia we baby do it . they stare at one another for a beat -- then start make out passionately like teenager . Hugh and daphne shift uncomfortably . angle on : Zak watch he sister climb onto the rope , hold aloft she victory belt -- just as they have practice as kid . int . the tunnel - same 153 raya jump from the ring -- camera in she face as she melt into tear . she enter the tunnel lead backstage -- meet by kirsten , jeri-lynn and madison . the girl embrace . over they shoulder , raya notice hutch . with a nod and a flicker of smile , he tell she he 's proud -- and she understand . int . knight live room - same 154 push in on ricky . could he ...? be he ... cry , too ? hold on this beautiful moment -- then -- julia be you cryin’ ? ricky I be not cryin’ . julia ( to everyone ) the big man 's fuckin’ cryin 's ! everyone turn to look , smirk . 155 156 157 117 . ricky I be not cryin’ , it 's that fuckin’ dog . I be allergic . julia do not blame the bloody dog , you big girl 's blouse ... on tv o 155 raya hold she championship belt , emotional and overwhelm . she blow a kiss to the camera and smile widely into the lens . int . knight live room - same o 156 Zak smile back , hold kayden , share the moment with he . pull Courtney in close . pan off raya on tv -- to a photo of brother and sister on the mantle -- they teenage selve , grin , arm around one another , fist raise -- strike a fighting pose for the camera . fade to black . caption : oo 157 calum and paulie be now professional wrestler . Julia start she own woman 's wrestle promotion . ricky retire from live wrestle ... but be so miserable , Julia make he start again . Zak continue to wrestle in a tag-team with Roy ... and train new recruit at the w.a.w. School . paige be two -time diva 's Champion ... and one of wwe 's biggest ... and most controversial ... star . dwayne ' the rock 's Johnson go on to a successful career outside of wrestle . fade out .