film star don't die in liverpool written by Matt greenhalgh int . leading lady 's dressing room - night snug and serene . a illuminate vanity mirror take centre stage emanate a welcoming glamorous glow . a series of C / up 's : a tdk audio tape insert into a slim sony cassette player immediately place we in the late 7u' / early 80x . a chipped varnished finger nail press play .. ' song for guy 's by elton John ( gloria 's favourite track ) drift in ... our leading lady sit in the dresser . find she through shard of focus and reflection as she transform .. warming she vocal chord as she go : gloria ( 0.c . ) ' La poo boo moo .. ' eye-line pencil ; cherry - red lipstick ; ' sak of fifth Avenue 's compact mirror , intricately engrave with '' Love bogie ' in a Lonely place 's 1950 '' ; elnett hair laquer ; chanel perfume . a larger broken hand -mirror . a golden love heart pendant ( open with a sychronise tune ) . all gloria 's ' tool 's procure from a tatty GREEN wash - bag , a trust witness to she ' process 's probably a thousand time or more . gloria ( 0.c. ) ( cont ’d ) ' Major mickey 's malt make I merry . 's costume : peek at pale flesh and slim limb as she climb into a black , pleate wrap around dress with a plunging neckline ; black stocking and princess slipper .. the dress hang loose , too loose .. the belt tightened as far as it can go . a knock on the door stage mananger ( v.o. ) five minute miss grahame . gloria ( 0.c . ) thanks honey . gloria 's tongue cluck the roof of she mouth in approval , it 's one of she thing . int . duke 's playhouse theatre / stage - later we clasp eye on gloria for the first time be amanda wigfield in the ' Glass menagerie 's . own the stage . acting she gut out goddamit . amanda / gloria '' that 's why you act like this ! I do not believe you go every night to the movie ! nobody go to the movie night after night . nobody in they right mind go to the movie as often as you pretend to ! '' gloria 's eye blaze . fade to black : int . duke 's playhouse theatre — continuous applause from a small , enthusiastic audience . gloria take she curtain call and theatrically welcome she fellow actor on stage . they hold hand and bow .. then curtain down , house light on .. and over the speaker system the famous ditty ' I 'm just a girl who can't say no 's - sung by ' ado Annie 's , gloria 's character in ' oklahoma 's . the gimmick that send the audience merrily on they way . omitted int . duke 's playhouse theatre / stage - continuous gloria shimmy she shoulder as stagehand pack up . gloria ( softly sing ) '' I be just a fool when light be low , I can not be prissy and quaint -- I be not the type what can faint -- how can I be what I be not ? I can not say no '' . int . dukea playhouse theatre / dressing room - night gloria de-robe . the high wear off , the beginning of a comedown she know all too well . in the flesh she look thin . the wrong type of thin . suddenly gloria clutches she stomach ; face contort . widen out as she collapse to the floor . ext . alleyway / bella and joe 's house - night peter turner , 28 , a strapping scouser , walk home from ' work 's down a rough Liverpool back alley . note he have faint trace of theatre make - up that he 's not clean off properly ... the alley lead onto a street full of red-bricked victorian Terrace house . he stop outside number 8 the house where he grow up , strange he 's back , ' nice strange 's . brother Joe 's ford capri park on the path . he wander in .. int . bella and joe 's house / kitchen - continuous bella ( 70 ) , Peter 's mum , cook sausage for older brother joe ( 40 ) , he curvaceous wife jessie ( 38 ) sit playfully in he lap . joe snr ( 71 ) , a man of grey countenance , be trail by candy the mongrel dog as he scour the kitchen for the dog 's lead . jessie y’might be stay in a luxury hotel Bella . y’know three star and that , maybe more .. bella I do not want to be stay in a bloody luxury hotel ! joe and be wait on hand and foot ? like the ' Queen of sheba 's ? bella Joseph , my ' Queen of sheba 's day disappear down the swanny the day I marry you bloody father . 6 continued : she scowl at Joe snr , now even more desperate to escape . suddenly Peter bowl in nearly knock he over . they just give each other a canny look . joe snr see the dog 's lead ? peter not my department . joe snr desperate here lad . bella ( at Joe snr ) sixteen year I have wait for this trip ! you know all about this stopover do not you ? y’big lump of lard ! forget to tell I ' till now . we be suppose to be off next Tuesday . I would never have agree if I have know . joe snr sod this . Joe snr disappear with the dog san lead . Bella watch he bang the door on he way out . peter what 's go on ? joe ( notice ) y’mean apart from you wear bloody eye-liner . Jesus wept . Joe seriously can not believe it . Peter rush to the sink and rub it off . joe ( cont 'd ) bloody actor , dress up as bird , put make - up on . weird way to make a live for a bloke if you ask I . peter no-one 's ask you ' soft lad 's . and I be not play a bird .. I be play 'a nurse 's ina allan bleasdale play . continued : ( 2 ) joe can not wait for this bloody ' play 's thing to end so you can bugger off back to London . where you belong . bella Joseph ! enough . + + Joe do not mess with Bella . the lad flick ' versus 's like kid do , behind Bella 's back . peter ( to Bella ) you look stress , mar . what 's up ? bella I do not want to talk about it . joe course she do not . peter ma ..? bella well .. I have just be reliably inform , by look at the bloody ticket , that there 's a twenty four hour stopover in manila when we fly back from Australia . peter manila , eh? Nice . bella no Peter . not nice . not nice at all . ( collect herself ) I ' 1ll have just say goodbye to you brother billy ... maybe the last time ever -- peter joe do not be daft .. do not say that ! bella ( cont 'd ) no you two do not be daft ! I will not be go back all that way again , and we billy will not be come back to Liverpool , ever . continued : ( 3 ) bella ( cont ’d ) so , yes , it 's probably the last time I ’1l1 see he before I leave this world . the last time , understand ? pause ) and I 'il be think about that , I know I will . and I do not want be think about that on bloody 24 hour stopover in manila ! I do not even know where the bloody place be ! peter oh ma come on . it 'il be fine . it 's just you first time on a airplane and that . joe that 's what I say ! peter it 's a big deal . and not have see we billy for so long . bella sixteen bloody year ... peter you be bound to be a bit , y'know ... edgy . the phone in the hallway ring out . Joe pat jessie 's arse signal for she to get up so he can answer . peter ( cont 'd ) c’mere . Peter go give he mum a soothing hug . bella God , I have miss he . peter I know ma . we all have . ( pause ) the selfish git . Bella playfully hit he . bella you be all bloody heartbreaker I tell you . * 10 continued : ( 4 ) 8 bella_ ( cont 'd ) they do not tell you that when you leg be lace - up in stirrup . give birth 's the easy bit . Joe come back in - perturb look . joe ( to Peter ) some director bloke , ask if you know gloria grahame . everyone 's ear prick up on hearing that name . joe ( cont 'd ) * say she 's not well .. a worried Peter jump up ; follow he to the phone . peter Pete Turner speak . ext . m6 motorway - night - later 9 the Ford capri fire its way towards lancaster . joe ( v.o. ) and that 's all he say ? int . ford capri —- continuous 10 a bewilder Peter in the back seat - Joe drive , jessie sit next to he . all be visibly worried . peter that 's all he have say on the phone , ‘extremely serious 's . ( frustrated ) what the hell do that even mean ? why can not director just say how it be ? ( pause ) she 's get form for stunt like this gloria .. + * joe how would y’mean ? * peter * she 's not scared to ' cry wolf 's . * 10 11 12 continued : 10 joe well . let 's hope she be then , eh ? the car carry on in silence . omitted 11 int . lancaster HOTEL room - night - moment later 12 a knock on the door . peter ( 0.s. ) gloria ? Peter let himself in , squint through the darkness . gloria in bed ... in the shadow . peter ( cont 'd ) ( terse ) gloria ? gloria Peter ? peter oh , remember I then ? gloria Peter . I have miss you so much . peter ( a flash of frustration ) course . that 's why you do not tell I you be in England ? gloria do not be angry peter yeah well , it 's a bit of a shock to get a call say you be sixty mile up the m6 .. and now you be ill I hear ...? ( pause ) what 's go on gloria ?.. I can not see properly . Peter move towards she . * * + + + +e + HH HH HH * 12 continued : 12 gloria do not come so close honey . sit on the other bed . Peter sit down , next to he a open suitcase with a few basic clothes ; a bunch of publicity postcard of gloria from she film ' the bad and the beautiful ’.. Peter 's see this post- card before . he note the sheet purposely cover she face . gloria ( cont 'd ) it 's gas . I get gas in my stomach that 's all . peter let I see you face . Peter take the risk , slowly pull the sheet down . gloria 's face - a waxy grey pallor , crust make - up . Hair knotted to the root . on peter 's alarm suddenly gloria convulse in a fit of cough . Peter help she upright ; put a glass of water to she lip ; she manage to take a few sip . the cough fade .. peter ( cont 'd ) have you see a Doctor ? gloria no ! no doctor . they get I like this in the first place . peter this sound bad , you need to see someone ? gloria I wanna see you Mom . take I to you home , Peter . Bella , she ’1ll look after I . I can get better there . ( beat ) take I to Liverpool ... Peter more confuse than ever -- peter you sure that 's a good idea ? I mean you and I .. + ee fh hf * + 10 . continued : ( 2 ) 12 gloria it 's the only idea I get . ext . liver -building / int . ford capri / liverpool - dawn 13 Light break of Liverpool . the Ford capri drive past a art deco sky -scraper which would not look out of place on 5th Avenue . gloria in Peter 's arm cover by a heavy blanket - look out . gloria liverpooool ... int . bella and joe 's house / kitchen - dawn 14 Bella and Joe snr wait , when Joe come in with jessie . they try to warn they with they look . bella well ?? how be the girl ? before he can reply Peter and gloria appear . Bella 's eye widen , Joe snr slowly put the paper down . gloria hey Bella .. hey pop ... bella gloria love .. how be you ? gloria I be ok .. or will be . peter I say she could stay with we ma . ' till she get better . bella of course she can . gloria it will not be for long Bella , I promise . bella stay as long as you want my love . we have really miss you . peter ma , she need to go to bed straight away . 14 15 11 . continued : 14 bella of course . Peter and gloria head out into the hall . bella ( cont 'd ) you could have warn I . I have have put the electric blanket on . Joe , Bella and Joe snr leave on the kitchen exchange strange look . they turn to Joe for a answer . joe ( grab the suitcase ) I best , er , take this up . he head out to the stair jessie follow . Bella look at Joe snr ... she also head for the stair . int . bella' guest room - dawn 15 a room stick in the 50' ; antique wardrobe ; dress table with wrap around mirror ; wringht iron bed by a sash window . pope JOHN paul ii on the wall . Peter help gloria sit on the bed . Joe place the suitcase on a and old rock chair . joe ( to Peter ) downstair if you need I . peter thanks Joe .. Joe and jessie look at gloria then leave .. pass Bella on she way in . bella it 's like a bloody igloo in here . she turn the radiator tap on . bella ( cont 'd ) be you hungry love ? can I get you anything ? gloria erupt cough . Peter have to hold she tight . Bella take in gloria - she complexion , she frailty . 15 12 . continued : 15 peter it 's fine ma. I will be down ina bit . Bella take the hint , leave . gloria reach into she green wash - bag ( which she find in she separate vanity case ) , find she broken mirror ; find she reflection . reflection shot : ginny tremaine in ' crossfire '. she put the mirror down . they glance at each other awkwardly , air hang heavy like a dulling wine . Peter open she suitcase ; find she cream silk pyjamas . then he eye drift over a medical discharge sheet from lancaster General Hospital . finally he spot the gold heart - shape pendant , he pick it out . Studies it with intimate surprise . peter ( cont 'd ) -..- you keep it . they linger in regretful eye . gloria of course I do .. it 's beautiful . peter I never get to give it to you properly .. gloria ( solemn ) Peter ... the way we leave it in New York -- peter ( cut she off ) -- glo . you need to rest ... and I need to call you family in LA -- gloria -- no ! Peter look take back . gloria ( cont 'd ) they 's 1l1 only worry , and gossip.. and anyway I be gonna be fine ! seriously ! so do not bother anyone . * + +e + * * * + +e 15 16 13 . continued : ( 2 ) 15 peter y’sure ? gloria yeah . she 's adamant , Peter shrug .. her call . then he attention draw to she black suede stilettos .. he unpack they from the case . peter I buy this with you on bond Street , remember ? gloria they be my ' Ruby Red slipper '. ( pause ) primrose Hill . we have fun right ? peter lot of it . suddenly gloria 's breathe seize up ; she gulp and swallow hard . gloria burp I Peter .. please ... Peter rub she back ' till she gradually get she breath back . peter I 'il get you some water . gloria milk please baby , y’know I love milk . Peter nod , rise . follow he out , and in one shot -- transition to : int . primrose -hill hallway / gloria 's room - day 16 Peter walk down a tatty hallway , paint peel , discard mail on the floor . caption : primrose hill , london - 1979 . 16 14 . continued : 16 gloria ( v.o. ) ' loo poo boo moo lah pah bah mah '. intrigue by ' actor-ish 's noise he creep to the door from which it emanate .. reveal it 's slightly ajar . peter 's Pov : gloria , 56 but steal late 30' ; subtly glamorous in 501 's , cropped T-shirt , peer in a full length mirror do vocal / facial warm -up . gloria '' no , say he . away , say she . ' a' sit very prettily by a chestnut tree . " Peter smile .. somewhat smitten . gloria ( v.o . ) ' fluffy floppy puppy -- didi ( 0.c . ) my new tenant 's arrive . Peter spin round guiltily to see didi the landlady down the corridor relishing she third gin of the day . gloria ( 0.c ) ' Sally saw silvestre stack saucer side by side . 's Peter and didi listen and titter . didi like ' my Fair bleed Lady '. peter I know what she 's do .. vocal exercise . who be she ? didi she 's a actress . famous one too ... or be . peter what 's she call ? didi ' gloria grahame 's . always play the tart . peter do not ring a bell . 16 17 15 . continued : ( 2 ) didi Big name in black and white film . not do too well in colour though .. obviously . peter make you say that ? didi well , she ' aint swanning about sunset boulevard now be she Peter love ? no , she 's rent a room in my house talk bloody nonsense . gloria ( v.o . ) ' Paul prune penelope 's pansy leave poor penelope perplex 's . Peter , intrigue by didi 's insight ... peter ( shrug ) dunno didi . she sound pretty colourful to I . they smile as he head back to he next door room . int . primrose hill / hallway - day Peter check he mail box , spot gloria stand at she door watch he , smoking , dark glass . sultry . gloria next door guy , right ? peter ( nod ) which make you ' the girl next door 's . they check each other out - a buzz between they . gloria hey , you see the movie ' Saturday night fever 's ? peter Three time . 16 17 17 18 19 16 . continued : gloria you like disco dance ? peter I like drunk dance . gloria so if I fix you a drink will you come in my room and hustle with I ? I need a partner for my dance class . peter fix I a drink and I will clean you bathroom too . gloria laugh , disappear inside . Peter shrug - what the hell - follow she in . jump CUT to : C / up : vinyl spin on a rickety record player ext . primrose hill boarding house - day - later establisher of the house . ' more than a woman 's by the bee gee from ' snf 's drift over the street . int . gloria 's primrose room - continuous gloria lead Peter in complicated dance move . Peter not quite in step , get a sweat - on . gloria coyly stripped to she strap top . she bark out move to which Peter sweetly obey . gloria we get some move goin 's on here ! peter they miscast travolta . ( tony manero / travolta ) '' would ya just watch the hair ! " gloria it 's he ! peter I get a better bum ... the music / dance stop . she look he up and down . 17 18 19 19 17 . continued : 19 gloria I notice . ( pause ) you be a actor too right ? peter I pretend to be . gloria what you work on ? peter tables , chair , sideboard .. gloria huh ? peter I work in a second hand furniture shop right now . in between act job I be afraid . gloria do not be afraid , honey . we have all be there . there 's heat between they . and they know it . gloria ( cont 'd ) let I fix you another drink ? I get some nice bourbon .. Peter check he watch . peter I promise a friend I have go to the theatre . gloria a ' him 's or a ' her 's friend . peter a ' him '. gloria ( small smile ) what you go to see ? peter ' krapp last tape 's by Samuel becket . 18 . 19 continued : ( 2 ) 19 gloria I hope it 's better then it sound . peter it 's a one man play . gloria I love that thing . peter why ? gloria you get to say all the line . they both smile . gloria fix herself a drink . gloria ( cont 'd ) well .. pop in anytime . we can talk about ' the craft 's ? swap note and stuff . peter and more disco ? gloria you bet ! hold on they obvious attraction . peter really nice to meet you gloria . gloria and you Peter .. Peter leave . as soon as the door shut gloria cluck the roof of her mouth . 20 int . pub theatre —- later 20 patron of the art watch the one man perform . Peter at the back with dan ( late 20 's ) - trendy bryan ferry haircut . they talk in whisper .. dan you be sure it 's actually she ? peter well , she 's call gloria . she 's american .. she look film actress - y.. 19 . 20 continued : 20 peter ( cont 'd ) and she say she split she time between a place in LA and she Manhattan apartment ... all sound pretty ' Hollywood 's to I . dan do not believe it ... all a ruse . * peter for what ? dan to lure young naive , northern man into a deviant web of mental manipulation and sexual depravity . peter ( pause ) sound good . dan sneak a arm round Peter 's shoulder . dan ( semi-joky ) but what about we darling ? peter * ( sarcy ) * what about ' we 's ? * Peter warmly clasp he hand . * peter ( cont 'd ) * ' we 's be just fine and dandy * Daniel . * rub it affectionately . but in he eye we see a tiny * seed of doubt . * 21 ext . primrose hill boarding house - day 21 Nice and wide as Peter walk into he dig .. 22 int . primrose hill boarding house / hallway - day 22 Peter enter , put he key in he door when he hear -- gloria ( 0.c . ) ( screech ) aaaaahhhhhnooooo ! 22 20 . continued : 22 Peter rush to gloria 's door . bang on . nothing . he turn the handle , it open slightly - then get ram shut from the inside . gloria ( 0.c. ) ( cont 'd ) oh no you do not ! peter it 's Peter ! be you ok ? gloria ( 0.c. ) no ! peter be it serious ?! gloria ( 0.c . ) yes ! peter shall I call 999 ? gloria ( 0.c. ) ( pause ) do they have spare shirt ? peter y’what ? gloria ( 0.c. ) ( pause ) I be die my eyelash and I have spilt the goddamn stuff all over my shirt . gloria open the door slightly , we can tell she 's shirtless ( bra on ) - she eye meet Peter 's . gloria ( cont 'd ) hey Peter you could not help I out , my other shirt be in the laundry .. peter you only have two shirt ? gloria how many do you have ? peter more than two . gloria so I can borrow one right ? 22 23 21 . continued : ( 2 ) 22 jump CUT to - Peter approach gloria 's door fresh shirt in hand when he hear : gloria ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) ' La poo boo moo .. ' he leave he shirt on she door handle . int . gloria 's primrose room - night 23 gloria leave she door ajar accidently on purpose . Peter wander up clutching a bottle of wine and a hand - written note - stop to enjoy he voyeur opportunity . Pov : gloria dress in Peter 's shirt , rehearse line , ( clemence dane 's adaptation of ' rain 's ) . she pace around , throw look into the full length mirror get into character as sadie Thompson . sadie / gloria '' how do you know what I have suffer ! you God and my God could never be shipmate " '' . gloria stand stare at herself , passionate as sadie . then break out , pace around , mutter line to herself - different variation . sadie / gloria ( cont 'd ) ( variation ) '' how do you know what I have suffer ? " step closer . sadie / gloria ( cont 'd ) ( softer ) '' you tell he sadie Thompson be on she way to hell . '' she play with she range / she emotion . then drop all pretence - step right up to the mirror so she nose be touch ... look through herself . Peter finally knock on . she raise a eyebrow . gloria ( shakespearean ) '' hark , how they knock .. '' as if she know Peter be there all along . she walk over and gently pull the door open all the way . 23 24 22 . continued : gloria ( cont 'd ) ( coquettish ) Peter .. peter hope I be not disturbing . gloria Hell no . I love it when strange man come knock on my door with bottle booze . peter er.. I get you note . it be on my bed . he show she the note . peter ( cont 'd ) ( read it ) '' hey Peter , do not forget to call in --- '' gloria sshh .. do not ruin it for I . she stand aside to let he in . Peter pass the wine . the door shut we out . int . gloria 's primrose room —- moment later gloria hand a glass of wine to Peter , she carry on with a glass of milk . gloria liverpoooool . I just wanna go to liverpoooool . that 's how you pronounce it right ? say it again . peter Liverpool . gloria liverpooool .. Love it . ' the fab four’ , right ?! peter ( smile ) yeah .. gloria you remind I of Lennon . 23 24 + * + 23 . 24 continued : 24 peter really ? gloria yeah , you get the nose and the attitude . peter I do ? gloria ahu .. I see he sometimes walk in Central Park with that crazy beautiful chic of he , they look so cool . they look goood on each other know what I mean ? some couple just look right . they eye each other up closely ; both know she 's meaning they would look good together too . gloria ( cont 'd ) you gotta take I there someday , liverpooool . Peter giggle like a kid . gloria ( cont 'd ) ( playful ) Peter you be laugh at I you meanie . Peter sit on the sofa - fidgety . he notice a copy of ' be and nothingness 's by Jean Paul sartre on the arm of the sofa - he flick through . peter '' better to die on one 's foot than to live on one 's knee '' . gloria look up - impressed . gloria try tell Hollywood that . gloria hand he he glass - sit at the other end of the sofa so she can get a good look at he . Peter notice she 's sill wear he shirt . peter it suit you .. 24 . 24 continued : ( 2 ) 24 gloria I love wear man 's clothes . peter and I look great in woman 's ... on tuesday Peter become ' petra 's . gloria ( laugh ) well if petra want to borrow from my closet just let I know . peter I will pass it on . cheer . gloria cheer . they drink ... gloria let the air sit . Peter pick up she stage - play lie on the coffee table - check the front cover out . Pov : ' rain '. peter ( flick through ) what 's it about ? gloria ( eye he ) sex .. Sin ... salvation . peter sound heavy ... gloria just another day at the gloria grahame office honey . Peter can not suppress a giggle . gloria ( cont 'd ) what 's so funny ? Peter keep giggle . peter I love the way you say stuff ! gloria touché sexual jousting . 24 25 26 25 . continued : ( 3 ) close on gloria 's glass of milk as she rest it on a nearby side table -- transition to : int . bella 's guest room - night the glass of milk Peter have bring for gloria ( end of sc . 18 ) . he rest it on the bedside table . gloria laid back , eye close . he think she 's asleep , when she pipe up : gloria thanks honey .. peter you need anything else ? gloria my mirror honey , my bogie compact ... Peter pick up the compact from the bedside table . pass it to gloria , flip it open and on she reflection we -- transition to : ext . cinema - day the reflection of gloria 's lip in the compact -- gloria be my lipstick on right ? I be in a rush . reveal they be in line to see the movie ' alien 's . peter perfectly right . ( pause ) how 's mine ? she laugh squeeze he hand in hers . cinema go - ers cast furtive glance - recognise she or deliberate whether it 's she or not . gloria so be this like a date ? 24 25 * 26 26 27 26 . continued : peter I think you could do with a break from rehearsals . gloria you be so kind . peter plus you be send I mad with all the ' pooh bah mah 's shite . gloria honesty . I like that in a fellah . peter ( notice the glance ) people be look at you . gloria how do you know it 's not you ? peter I be guess you be more interesting to look at than I . gloria notice the attention now .. int . cinema —- later on the big screen : John hurt complain about the menu when he stomach start rumbling .... CUT to - the audience , eye grow wider . Peter slinking further down in he seat , gloria casually pop popcorn . John hurt 's stomach burst open ! Peter bury he eye in gloria 's arm - who be more in awe at the special effect ( so different to she day ) . gloria jeez . look at that gut everywhere .. ' aint that something ... she sweetly stroke Peter 's head . gloria ( cont 'd ) you okay down there sweetie ? 26 27 27 . 28 int . pub - later —- night 28 gloria and Peter burst in with that ' just - see - a - great- movie 's energy . head to the bar . gloria it 's when the small alien pop out from between you leg that thing get complicated ... the barman come over - peer at gloria . Peter order two pint . peter how many time have that happen to you then ? gloria oh just the four .. peter four !? gloria not sure how to take this . Peter genuinely flabbergasted . gloria what ? you do not think I have have any kid ? peter I do not expect you to have four , that 's like -- gloria - one more than three . peter where be they ? gloria I keep ‘em safe .. with my four ex-husband . Peter have to catch he jaw . gloria ( cont 'd ) Excuse I , I need to powder my nose . gloria head off unsure how she 's come out of that ; barman arrive with the pint of ale . 28 . 28 continued : 28 barman two fifty mate . Peter break out of he spell , pay up . barman ( cont 'd ) do not mean to pry , but be that gloria ' whatsername 's ... grahame . peter I be not 100 percent . she say she be . barman I recognise that pout ! she be in load of thing in the 50' , a proper film star she be . peter apparently so , yeah .. barman won a oscar too if my memory serve I right . peter y’what ? barman yeah , that film she do with kirk Douglas , forget the name . peter a oscar ? you sure ? this hit Peter just as hard as ' the kid 's reveal . barman she not mention it ? peter ( reflective ) no ... barman if I have win a oscar I would be wear it round my neck so every Tom Dick and Harry have would get the message . knowhat - I - mean son ? 29 . 29 int . tube carriage - later - night 29 Sat opposite . Peter eyeing gloria with intrigue . the oscar revelation knock he off balance . gloria catch he .... gloria what ? peter what , what ? gloria you that 's what ... Peter innocently point at himself . gloria ( cont 'd ) yeah , you mister . you have go all quiet on I . peter I be just ' the strong , silent type '. gloria oh yeah ? peter think Robert redford y’know .. ' the sundance kid '. gloria ok I be think ... and I like that think . they hold each other eye ... enjoy the sight . and as the tube light flicker on and off we -- flick to black : flick in : 30 int . gloria 's primrose room - later - night 30 gloria hand a large glass of bourbon to Peter . gloria cheer . they clink glass and drink . 30 30 . continued : 30 peter this be become a habit . gloria I like habit . especially bad one . she cluck she mouth . gloria ( cont 'd ) hey , I gotta question . how do you join the Royal Shakespeare company ? peter you do not just fill a form out . I think you get invite to apply . gloria how do you get invite ? peter through you agent . or they head - hunt you I imagine . I mean I do not know for sure , I wish I do . gloria ok , I 'il let my agent know ... peter why ? gloria ' coz I really wanna play juliet for the ' rsc 's . peter juliet ?? gloria yeah . peter ( laugh ) you mean the nurse do not you ?! gloria ... a slow rage begin to engulf she . gloria I get it . you think I be too old to play juliet huh ? 30 31 . continued : ( 2 ) 30 Peter straighten - do not know what to say . gloria ( cont 'd ) ( in he face ) huh ??? gloria 's eye blaze through he . gloria ( cont 'd ) Fine ! she slam she drink down , march to the coat stand . gloria ( cont 'd ) Fine ! put on she rain-coat . gloria ( cont 'd ) you think I be just a old lady do n’tcha ? too old for you be that what you be say ? peter er.. that 's not what I say . gloria - too wrap up in she rage . gloria well you be wrong mister ! I be gonna go to that theatre right now and see one of they show . take a look at the competition . thanks . thanks a bunch ! at least I have a chance to join the ' rs 's goddamn ' C 's cause at least I be a actor who work ! Peter jump in front of the door . peter come on , do not be like this .. gloria move . peter I be not sure the rsc even have a performance tonight . gloria ' the merchant of Venice 's . aldwych theatre . 7.30 . I have do my homework ! 32 . 30 continued : ( 3 ) 30 peter well I do not want you to go ! gloria why ? peter because - — and with no word leave in he locker Peter just grab hold of gloria and plant he lip on she . a intense and long kiss - finally they come up for air . peter ( cont 'd ) there ! that 's why ! a moment where gloria feel the dizzy after effect . then bam ! Peter grab she - lip meet - the pent up frustration . they smother each other . clothes hit the floor - Peter hoist she up , gloria 's leg straddle he , and he march she into the bedroom . ( transition steadi - cam shot ) as he carry her , lip locked , toward the bed - 360 around they and as the camera move behind peter we .. mix to : 31 int . bella' guest room - night 31 still rotating ... come round on Peter - now find he sit , gaze with deep concern at a sleeping gloria ... the camera keep go ... move behind Peter , and we ... mix to : 32 int . watford theatre — night 32 come off peter 's back to discover he consume a vibrant gloria play sadie Thompson on open night . sadie / gloria " you tell he sadie Thompson be on she way to hell !! " CUT to : a packed theatre glue to gloria 's performance . 33 34 33. int . watford theatre — continuous 33 the huge applause continue as gloria take she curtain call . she play it like the Hollywood pro she be . Peter be on he foot , wolf whistling . gloria throw he a personal cross -ey wink which he love ! int . watford theatre bar - later - night 34 buzzy 1st night party . gloria and Peter in the midst quaffing champagne , lot of admirer and people want to shake she hand . gloria thank you .. thanks . thank you so much ... the producer GEORGE bustles over , take she in he arm . they luvvie kiss . Peter note he squeeze gloria 's waist tighter than be appropriate .. GEORGE superlative be redundant darling . gloria oh georgie , you get I go all red . gloria adept to a director 's praise . enjoy it . gloria ( cont 'd ) georgie ... this be my good friend Peter . ( to Peter ) georgie produce this gig . George give Peter the once over , do not shake he hand . GEORGE yeah hi. ( back to gloria ) there 's a exquisite brasserie in soho . we could stay up , wait for the rave review ? gloria oh I would love to .. 34 . 34 continued : 34 GEORGE great ! gloria Peter can come too right ? GEORGE er.. just then a pr person intervene . pr person gloria we be ready for the photocall out front .. gloria head off with Peter . gloria gimmee a minute . they leave George strand , Peter give he a cheeky wink as he pass ; they meander through the crowd . peter ( in gloria 's ear ) George want to fuck you .. gloria darling , everyone here want to fuck I ! they laugh like lover do . 35-36 omitted 35-36 36a int . gloria 's primrose room / bedroom - later - night 36 a Peter and gloria getting it on .. suddenly Peter , stop , look gloria deep in the eye . peter I get a question . gloria shoot . it 's a funny time to ask one and they both know it . peter so apparently you be ' the girl who can not say no ' right ? 36 a 37 38 35 . continued : 36 a gloria apparently yeah .. peter but be I right in think the girl who can not say no be now say a big ' yes 's to Peter Turner ? they smile like naughty teenager . gloria yesyesyesyesyesyesyeyesyes ! CUT to - massive primrose hill wide as they maul each other with lust . int . primrose hill / gloria 's bedroom - morning Peter 's eye meet the morning shard of light . excite to be alive as he have he arm wrap around gloria , still seemingly asleep . peter ( whisper ) be you awake ? gloria ( pause ) nope . peter I be . gloria I can tell . Peter kiss she neck - then tickle she around the rib , flipping she over so that she 's underneath he . they lock eye , then he start brush he lip on she ear and she neck , drop he head towards she chest .. then to she right breast .. Peter 's Pov : a SMALL scar . he gently run he finger across it . gloria softly take he hand ; send it south . int . london film school / screening room - day blind draw , 16 mm projector play ' human desire '. a train steam through America 's Midwest ... +e 37 38 38 36 . continued : 38 ' columbia picture present glenn ford and .. gloria grahame in .. human desire . 's gloria sit with head lecturer ( brian ) - Peter sit amongst the bank of student pack into the room . angle on screen : VICKI ( gloria ) sit by the train track , pour she heart out to jeff ( Glenn Ford ) . VICKI / gloria '' after I marry I feel a little unhappy , but I figure that be not so important . most woman be unhappy ... they just pretend they be '' . jump to : the climax . VICKI lay into she down and out husband carl in a move train carriage . VICKI / gloria ( cont 'd ) '' I want he to get rid of that wife of he ! but he be not quite the fool you be ! and you know what ? I admire he for it ! if I would have be a man I would behave exactly like he do . now get out and let I unpack ! " but Carl do not ' get out 's or ' let she unpack 's - instead he throttles she to death . gloria take a quick peek at herself in she compact . reflection shot : VICKI buckley angle on screen : ' rko picture present ' the naked alibi 's ... ' starring sterling hayden and gloria grahame ... 's jump to : gloria play ' marianna 's the hooker in ' El purico cantina 's . the piano play ; she spin on she stool to face the liquore - up testosterone line up around she . she sing ' ace in the hole ’... and it 's ' mucho 's sexy . on Peter glue to the screen ; bowl over by this amazing performance ; the heat she give ; that she 's he girlfriend 38 37 . continued : ( 2 ) 38 the credit for ' the nake alibi 's roll to a big clap . gloria stand , give a small curtsy , look over at Peter for affirmation he roll he eye in admiration . brian stand up to address he flock . more big brian ' they do not make ‘em like that anymore 's . so guy , it 's not often a bona fide Hollywood legend pop in for a chat .. she 's star in 36 feature film , bag a oscar on the way . she 's certainly one of my favourite actress 's . please give she a warm London Film School welcome ... gloria grahame everyone . applause . gloria smile and stay seat . gloria I be shocked you guy have even hear of I ! seriously ! brian we be gonna do this freestyle , so fire away . brian point to a fresh face student . chuckle . fresh face student what be it like play ado Annie in Oklahoma and do you think it 's you most famous role ? gloria well I warn they about give I ' Annie 's , basically I can not sing . but the director tell I he be just after the ' twinkle in my eye 's .... I guess that 's all he get , huh ? gloria ( cont 'd ) be it my most famous role ? well , I suppose I ’1ll always be the ' girl who can not say no '. ( pause ) + + +e 38 38 . continued : ( 3 ) 38 gloria ( cont 'd ) |. but I totally rock at say ' yes 's . it 's a killer line . she wink at Peter and cluck the roof of she mouth . Brian point to another hand - serious student . laugh . serious student hi gloria . be act a great job or a vocation to you ? gloria well .. my mother be a act coach so I be thrust on stage at 6 year old . I love theatre .. but somehow I end up in movie .. and that be fun ... but I just can not stomach the movie-star-dick -swing bull shit . it send I nut . now lana Turner ! Boy , she could swing for the Olympic . but my act ? it become my art and a vocation ... definitely . intrigued student be the famous ' Hollywood system 's tough to deal with ? gloria ( think ) I be know as ' the replacement 's in the studio . never first choice , and the ' suit 's know that , they can use it ... seem only yesterday I be hang round the mgm lot snap garter for the price of cup of a coffee . time pass by so quickly . I be real jealous of all you guy set out . a young hippy type type stand up . eddie hey gloria , I be Eddie it 's cool you be here . like really cool . gloria thanks Eddie .. it 's cool to be here . + ee HH * * + * + 38 continued : ( 4 ) eddie er. you have work with so many cool director . like really cool guy , fritz lang , dmytryk , minelli . De mille .. er , so I just wanna know . like what make a good director and what make a bad one ? gloria look flummox . gloria well I guess a good director 's good .. and a bad director 's bad . the place erupt with laughter . eddie ( smile ) cool gloria ... Brian pick another hand .. gossipy student you also work with you second husband Nick Ray as a director ? gloria I do ... gossipy student whilst go through a messy divorce too , what be that like ? gloria messy . next . 39 . 38 another student pipe up . female , political look . political student do you think you generation of ' silver screen starlet 's let down the next generation of act woman ? gloria how do you mean ? political student by be typecast as sex symbol . + + + * + 40 . 38 continued : ( 5 ) political student ( cont 'd ) not fight for equal rights or pay . we all know ' lead men’ be offer prime role well into middle age whilst the woman in Hollywood be throw on the scrap-heap by the time they hit twenty - five . gloria er.. what be the question ? political student when do you personally last work on a major Hollywood studio picture , gloria ? gloria get a calculator missy ? political student yeah .. gloria then you work it out ! the student have hit she Achilles . which be the plan . 38a int . london film school - moment later —- day applause as the q&a end . gloria - slightly awkward . the clap die , student pack up , Peter walk to the front . gloria can not wait to subtly grab he for security ... peter amazing ! gloria I hate people talk about my career . I hate talk about my career . peter what ? everyone love you . gloria yeah ? peter yeah ! and what be that in ' the nake alibi 's ? + * + 38 a 39 40 4l . continued : 38a gloria whaddya mean ? peter ' marianna 's . wow . gloria you like she ? peter oh , I like she all right .. gloria I keep forget you ' aint see this thing before .. peter you play one great hooker . a natural . she hit he playfully . peter ( cont 'd ) gloria , you need to give yourself a bigger pat on the back for all this great act . I mean you career be gob - smack . . gloria look at he like he 's mad . but she know he really means it , and that really mean a lot to she . omitted 39 ext . bond STREET shoe shop - moment later -— day 40 establisher of the historical ' church be 's shoe shop . Peter and gloria happen to be walk by , gloria clock the ' snazzy chaussure 's . gloria so you think I need to give myself a bigger pat on the back huh ? peter in my opinion yeah .. gloria let 's back that opinion up then . + + + * 40 4l 42 . continued : 40 gloria take Peter 's hand ; lead he into the store . gloria ( over - lap ) ( cont 'd ) Peter ! I be go crazy here ! int . bond STREET shoe shop - continuous - day 4l gloria surround by shoe , all discard . Peter like a spare part . gloria wear her black sock - strange for woman try on shoe ( apparently ) . gloria why do none of they fit ? do not answer that . it 's my fat foot . peter you be not fat . gloria I never say I be fat . I know I be not fat , but my foot need to go on a diet . a snotty shop assistant return with a shoe-box . snotty assistant this be the last pair we have madam . she unveil the black suede stilettos . gloria 's eye light up . jump to - gloria force she foot into the shoe . first the right then the leave .. snotty assistant ( cont 'd ) sigh ) it would probably help if one do not wear sock whilst try on the shoe . both for madam 's fit , and for the sake of the shoe . gloria posh English ) oh , do one indeed ? well madam do not agree . Hollywood accent ) I always wear sock . it 's my constitutional right to wear my sock . calmer ) plus they hide my fat foot ! 41 42 43 44 43. continued : the whole shop aware . gloria force she right foot into the shoe , stand up , look in the mirror - do a little yelp of joy . turn to the assistant . gloria ( cont 'd ) ( nice as pie ) I 'il take this please honey . int . gloria 's primrose room / bedroom - day come off a pile of clothes include the new black suede shoe to find Peter and gloria in bed ; post - orgasm .. mutual , judge by the flushed face . Peter un - glue himself as gloria reach for a cigarette . peter I think this stuff only happen in the movie .. they stare at the ceiling and burst out laugh . then ... the bed begins to rotate , like the most natural thing in world -- and we -- transition to : int . bella' guest room —- present day early evening , next day . Peter still in bed with gloria in he arm , still sleep . not the vibrant person from primrose Hill . he gently unhook himself . int . bella and joe 's kitchen - moment later - day bella sorting a hot water bottle for gloria . Joe senior subconsciously annoys her , tinkering with a broken tv . Peter enter , slump at the kitchen table . his parent both look at he expectantly for news . peter she 's still sleep . bella well , you get here very late .. or early . the bloody bird be sing . you could have ring ahead . gave I some warning . 41 42 43 44 + 44 44 , continued : 44 peter sorry ma . it be a struggle to get she out of the hotel never mind into the car . bella she look in a bad way . peter it 's ' gas 's in she stomach . joe snr ( confuse ) ' Gas ’? peter it 's what Americans call indigestion . bella well .. I do not know anything ... but I hope it 's that love . bella kiss he on the top of the head . bella ( cont 'd ) I hope so .. she head out of the kitchen . peter go to the fridge , try to swig from a bottle of milk - can not stomach it ; look back at he dad and the tv . joe snr ( notice ) dumped in a skip on lark Lane . peter probably for a reason dad . joe snr help we into the shed with it and I will treat you to a pint . Peter motion upstairs and gloria - he can xt. joe snr ( cont 'd ) you ma 's here if gloria wake up .. she will sort she out . Peter still unsure .. 44 45 46 45 . continued : ( 2 ) 44 joe snr ( cont 'd ) come on , have a pint with you ' arl fellah ’.. spitting feather ' ere . Peter nod . Father and son heave the telly off ... ext . alleyway - moment later —- day 45 Peter and Joe snr walk candy on they way for a pint . int . local pub / snug - moment later - day 46 candy lie by Joe snr 's foot as the man sup bitter . peter ma 's only just get rid of that rusty fish tank you find . joe snr well all the gold fish die do not they ? and she do not like to see anything dead do she ? peter you 'il never get that tv to work dad . joe snr you can bring anything back to life son . all you need be a patience and a spark . beat . joe snr ( cont 'd ) saw all she film y’know , I and y' ma . Big fan of gloria we be ... peter I know you have see she film .. do not know you be fan . joe snr well .. we do not know what to say when she turn up the first time . a bit embarrassed I suppose ... we expect the sort of gloria grahame from birkenhead or penny Lane . 46 46a 46 . continued : 46 joe snr_ ( cont 'd ) not that gloria grahame from the woolton picture Palace . we never expect that gloria grahame in we kitchen neck a bacon butty ask for the ' tommy 's sauce ... it be bit of a shock . ( smile ) she be a bloke actress though .. that one with bogart -- peter ' in a Lonely place 's . joe snr ae. gorgeous mouth . you know you would get sore lip if you walk she home . Peter appreciate this - he do walk she home . int . peter what should I do dad ? joe snr she need to see a doctor . peter she will not . she do not like * they . joe snr no-one like they when they bring bad news . ( pause ) we will care for she of course , but she need she family if she 's sick . she need to be with she own ... bella and joe' house / back room - night 46a * Peter watch over gloria as she sleep . her * breathe irregular , not right , a loud mucus noise as * she inhale . * silently he leave the room . * 47 48 49 47 . int . bella and joe' house / hallway - moment later 47 Peter peer upstairs in the direction of spare room then reluctantly , move to the phone , pick it up , tatty address book open in hand , he dial .. peter Operator . International please . ( pause ) United States , California ... Peter give a number and it connect . then with a sudden change of heart he slowly put the phone down . then -- the hallway wall behind miraculously open and we --- transition to : int . ' lax 's foyer - flashback - day 48 peter 's clean Pov take US into a shiny new american world . . the foyer door slide open revealing a excite glamourous gloria arrive to collect she liverpool man . she fling she arm in the air with joy at the sight of she man . swing back round on Peter , carry a old suitcase , over - dress for the heat . they rush into each other arm and share a good old fashioned snog . ext . sunset boulevard , hollywood - day 49 a glisten , sunshiny day . gloria drive Peter in she vw beetle - roof down . Peter stripped to he vest , Ray - ban on live the Hollywood dream . ' good vibration 's on the radio . peter everything feel so sunshiny ! like the air 's full of -- gloria - Hollywood horse -shit , I know . both chuckle . gloria ( cont 'd ) actually , I wanna show you something . 49 50 48. continued : 49 gloria brake and spin the car like a stunt driver so that they end up travel the opposite way . ext . hollywood mansion - day 50 gloria and Peter peer through huge entrance gate at a art deco mansion of epic proportion . peter jeez ! gloria a-hu . peter a bit bigger than my mum and dad 's house in Liverpool . gloria I looove you folk pad . it 's my favourite house in the world ! Peter smile with pride - gloria mean it too ! peter what 's it like , live ina place like this ? gloria fun.. for a while . ( point ) bogey and Betty live right over there . peter next door ?? gloria ahu .. peter do you see a lot of they ? gloria we be friendly at first .. but then cy , my husband , and bogey have some beef about bogey 's dog bark at night . they end up threaten each other over the fence with shotgun . ( pause ) I love humphrey .. + + * 49 , 50 continued : 50 gloria ( cont 'd ) he give I the best act * advice once ... ( bogey accent ) '' just keep it in the shadow * gloria , let the camera come to you . '' ( pause ) ai not that the best ? ( pause ) a few time bogey would call I up ... late ... gloria trail off think . she cluck . gloria ( cont 'd ) but that Betty bacall ... ( cluck ) * she always look so damned good . I could not compete with that . Peter glance at gloria as she stare into she past . * gloria ( cont 'd ) ( snap out of it ) * come on ... I do not want my ex - husband catch I peeping into my past . peter what ?? y’mean he still life here ! ? gloria course he do . why would not * he ? gloria quickly back off to the car , Peter follow casting a glance back . gloria - one big jigsaw he 's constantly try to piece together . 51 ext . pacific coast highway - day - later 51 the vw beetle cruise past malibu Beach and its luxurious , silly - money beach house . 52 int . vw beetle - moment later 52 the car park up . Peter and gloria stare out ... 50 . 52 continued : 52 peter so this be you current LA mansion ? gloria you like it ? peter '' awesome '' , that how you say it ? gloria that 's how we say it . peter it 's so you ... gloria come in . i’1l give you the grand tour . they exit the car and we reveal gloria 's mansion to be a funky trailer - pastel shade , beautifully maintain , perch on a prime cliff top spot overlook the malibu ocean . 53 int . trailer — continuous 53 Peter stand in the kitchen take the place in . he’s also taking gloria in - it 's be a long time since they make love and he 's in no mood to wait . gloria this be the west wing ... she feel he ' energy ’... but coyly continue . gloria ( cont 'd ) the east over there , north , south , yah , pretty much cover it . the place cluttere with photo of her kide , book on meditation and self help , cooking contraption - the publicity postcard from ' the bad and the beautiful 's ( establish ) in a picture frame on the window sill . Peter pick it up . gloria ( cont 'd ) it 's the only one I like out of thousand take . Peter nod , pick up another . 53 54 51 . continued : 53 angle on : a photo of a good look boy . gloria ( cont 'd ) Tim , my eldest . peter move in close , can not help paw she a little , get physical . peter you do not miss the mansion ? gloria who need a house with twelve bathroom ? plus I be not great with a vacuum cleaner . they smile . gloria do look relaxed . gloria ( cont 'd ) here , it 's all just simple . I can grow my tomato , look out at the ocean . they both reflect on the oil painting view . gloria ( cont 'd ) there 's another view I wanna show ya ... I hope you 'il find it just as desire -able . she take he hand and lead he to the bedroom . peter now this view .. Peter jump on the bed - look back up at she . peter ( cont 'd ) ... be my favourite . gloria shut we out and join he . ext . gloria 's trailer - later 54 Peter sit at a wooden picnic table drink wine with gloria , she rouge cheek mother ( jean ) and older sister joy who wear a well - wear hippy look . mother Peter , you do know that gloria 's descend from british royalty ? 52 . 54 continued : 54 peter like ' God save the Queen 's royalty ? mother her father 's line descend from John of gaunt , Duke of lancaster , the famous shakespearean one - ( collect herself ) '' this royal throne of king , this scepter Isle , this earth of majesty , this seat of Mars , this other eden , demi paradise .... Peter about to clap when -- mother ( cont 'd ) '' this bless plot , this earth , this England ! " a moment . have she finish ?? peter bravo ! mother ' the bard 's have always be close to my heart from the first time I play ophelia . one of many role I should add . gloria yup . the bard 's the nut Mom . mother gloria should play more Shakespeare in my opinion . joy Lady macbeth spring to mind . peter she would be a straight fit for juliet do not you think ? she ooze tragic romance .. he share a know wink with gloria . peter ( cont 'd ) how do you end up here from bonnie Scotland ? 54 53. continued : ( 2 ) 54 mother gloria 's father 's idea , he get a job work behind the scene on the mgm lot . gloria then he run off with another woman . joy it 's the ' Hollywood Way 's . gloria he move to New Jersey . I never really see he after that ... I love dad , he be cookie like I ... I miss he . joy he be a grade ' a 's asshole . Peter see the unresolved issue all round . peter you must be very proud of you daughter ... mother it be obvious she would be successful . I only wish she have try a little harder . gloria I be right here by the way mother . Joy get jealous . mother she be just as good a actress as the other blonde you know . peter who 's that ? mother y’know .. the nice girl that have a affair with the President . Peter smile with he eye . Joy look over - she 's be glugging the wine . 54 . 54 continued : ( 3 ) 54 joy Peter how old be you ? if you do not mind I ask ? gloria shoot Joy a know look . peter 28 last time I look . joy ( to Mom ) oh ... not that much young than Tim then . peter ( to gloria ) Tim , you first son right ? gloria nod - do not like where this be head . joy Tim 's dad be Nick Ray who direct ' rebel without a Cause 's ... Hollywood Big shot . peter James Dean 's a god to I . joy it 's a strange set up do not you think though Peter ? peter what be ? joy gloria have other son she must have mention ? peter yes , two . joy with she fourth husband .. tony. ( pause ) who also happen to be gloria 's step -son . it all goe quiet . Peter not fully aware before this . gloria talk about you own kid okay Joy ? 55 . 54 continued : ( 4 ) 54 joy only fill he in on family history . nothing to be ashamed about be there ? gloria ( to Peter ) I would just divorced cy . it be not like tony be a child or anything . joy not when you get marry . ( pause ) but what about when you first screw he ? gloria bang up to she foot . gloria mother take this bitch home before I take she fuck head off ! gloria stomp off into the trailer leave a stunne Peter . finally he get up .. peter well I suppose this be goodnight . mother do we all a favour Peter ... do not marry gloria , even if she beg . it would be embarrassing . joy again . it 's obvious mother feel the same way as Joy . Peter follow gloria into the trailer . 55 int . trailer —- continuous 55 gloria angrily wash up . tries not to clock Peter as he come in - unsure of he reaction . gloria that sister of mine can be such a jerk ! gloria start sniffle . 55 56 56 . continued : gloria ( cont 'd ) but I be a good mother Peter . you ask any one of my kid and they 's 11 tell you that . I promise you . Peter take this in . we be not sure how he will react . peter be what she say true ? gloria find Peter 's eye - she look tired . gloria listen Peter , everyone in this town 's already make they mind up . I be sick of the yapping . think what you wanna think ... peter ( beat ) I think .. it do not matter .. what Joy say or think or you mum . . or anyone else ... not to I . Peter take she in he arm . gloria look up - need this . gloria no ? Peter shake he head smile , gloria gradually relax , grab he face and kiss he hard . ext . malibu beach - night wave gently lap the shore . Peter , bare chested in loose jogging bottom , cradle gloria on the bonnet of the vw beetle look out at sea . peter can I tell you something ... something I have never really tell anyone before . she face he . gloria only if you want to . 55 56 * + +e + 57 . 56 continued : 56 peter I feel the need to be honest with you . gloria '' honesty 's the best policy . '' * peter well , I think you should * know ... I mean it 's only right * that you know .. * he trail off ... struggle . gloria go on honey . * peter in the past , I have enjoy * boyfriend as well as * girlfriend .. so .. yeah .. * gloria take it in . Peter hope he 's not ballse it . gloria well ... I have enjoy * girlfriend as well as * boyfriend ... so I guess that * make we even . * there 's a even deeper understanding . they kiss . then hear a commotion on the beach , a line of silvery - grey splash on the water edge . gloria ( cont 'd ) it 's the ' grunion 's ! gloria jump off the car - grab Peter with she . gloria ( cont 'd ) Quick Peter , the ' grunion be run '! they only ' run 's on * special occasion ! * gloria drag he onto the beach ; soon they be stand in the most magnificent sight - thousand of grunion fish splash on the tide - line in a mating ritual . peter ( unsure ) be they ok ? 56 57 58. continued : ( 2 ) 56 gloria sure they be ! they be make love . they be in love !!! just like we Peter ! just like we ! gloria and Peter in love with the grunion . as gloria rush out further to be with the fish peter stay foreground . then he turn . walk to camera and we --- transition to : int . bella and joe 's house - morning - present day 57 and he walk into the hallway through the front door , which close behind he . * he look heavily conflict as he hover by the phone ... he reach into he pocket ; bring out gloria 's medical discharge sheet ( est sc. 15 ) . scan through ; nod to he internal dialogue - pick up the phone . dial . + +e peter ( v.o. ) hello , can I to speak to a- ( read ) * Doctor Taylor please ? ( beat ) yes , Peter Turner I be a close friend of gloria grahame , he treat she a couple of day ago , I be look after she at my house -- ( pause ) I be she boyfriend ... * Peter feel good say ' she boyfriend 's . peter Doctor Taylor ? ( listen ) yes gloria , that 's right . ( listen ) well I have like to know more about gloria 's condition , the ' gas 's in she stomach ? ( listen ) Gas , yes . * ( listen ) well , I be the close she have to family in England right now . * 57 58 continued : peter ( cont 'd ) gloria 's stay with I at my mother and father 's house whilst she get better ... peter ( cont 'd ) er.. sorry ... what ? on Peter as truth be revealed . peter ( cont 'd ) be you sure ? I mean have you do test .. peter ( cont 'd ) she 's not say any of this .. she have have tell I . I be sorry Doctor I need to speak to gloria , because quite frankly . I do not believe what I be hearing . Goodbye . he put the phone down . wif !! int . upstair / bella 's guest room - later - day Peter intent on understanding . but after a few moment he realise he 's not comprehend .. 59 . 57 + the handset melting he brain , burn he finger .. i i * 58 * a ashen Peter ( T - shirt on ) stop outside the room * when he overhear Bella and gloria chat . intercut Bella fix gloria 's hair at the dress table . gloria look almost perky . bella do I see Peter come ? oh my god no , I be forty by then . think my child bear hip have long go . gloria you must have be just one darn healthy mamma Bella ! so you be shocked right ? bella not by then . nothing shock I anymore love . ( pause ) except stopover in bloody manila . 58 60 . continued : gloria you gotta go ! bella oh , I do not know ... gloria you gotta .. a son always need he Mom . no matter how old they get . billy need you ! and if you gotta stay over in manila to see he then you just gotta do it . Bella ponder gloria 's wisdom as Peter walk in . gloria ( cont 'd ) hey Peter , you Mom 's irone I out . bella she 's so bloody beautiful . gloria I be . bella do not be daft , that movie idol look do not just wither away they be with you for life . gloria ohhh .. I love she Peter ! Peter confuse - at total odd with the joviality . gloria ( cont 'd ) hey baby , do I a big favour , visit the health - food store ? I need apricot kernel and black - grape juice . peter I suppose so -- ma ? bella Health food shop ? round ‘ere ? ( think ) I think there 's one opposite the booky on menlove Avenue . 58 * 58 59 60 61 61 . continued : ( 2 ) 58 gloria maybe you should get something for yourself baby , you look wipe . you ok ? peter yeah . I be fine . gloria sense he 's not . Pete back out of the room , not really in this world . ext . health -food shop - later —- day 59 it 's pissing down . Peter approach the shop , collar up tight but get soak ; quickly check the window before disappear inside . ext . alleyway - later — day 60 Peter carry gloria 's health - food need in a plastic bag trudge home ; give up on protect himself from the rain . int . bella' guest room - later 61 gloria asleep ; a glass of black grape juice be laid on the bedside table , then a bowl of apricot kernel . she wake to a rain-soaked Peter .. gloria honey .. you be all wet ? peter chuck it down out there . she sit up , take a tiny sip of grape juice . find it difficult to swallow . peter ( cont 'd ) gloria . . y’know I have a performance later , but mum 's here if you need anything . gloria ( nod ) what 's you director like ? peter he 's strange ... * 61 62. continued : 61 gloria * ( think ) Truth be I have never meet a director who make anything better . ( pause ) pass I my mirror honey . Peter hand it she , gloria mess with she hair . reflection shot : irene from ' sudden fear ' in pristine black silk pyjamas . stay on irene as Peter talk . peter I speak to the doctor gloria .. in lancaster . he 's tell I . I know what the ' gas 's be . gloria slowly put the mirror down . Peter hold back he tear .. gloria ( whisper ) baby ... I do not want any fuss . peter I can not just -- gloria - I can get better ... if you help I I know I can . peter what about you family ? gloria they do not need to know . you , * Bella , pop , Joe . you be all I need . peter I dunno , maybe a doctor -- gloria - no doctor . just we ok ? * Peter know he 's no choice ... nod slowly . gloria ( cont 'd ) I will get better . I promise . I * know I will ... * his head rest into she chest ; she softly stroke he hair . comfort he . 62 63 63. int . bella and joe 's house / hallway - later - day Peter come down stair , put he coat on ... off to work . bella ( v.o. ) ( from the kitchen ) peter. peter yeah ma. bella ( v.o . ) in here please . Peter obey he mother . int . bella and joe' house / kitchen - later Bella , Joe , Joe snr sit at the table , they fix he with worried stare . Peter know he 's be ambush . peter what 's up ? bella we all know what 's up love . with gloria .. ( pause ) I have see that look before . peter what look ? bella you uncle Tommy have it . before he pass away . Peter know she 's refer to the big ' C '. joe snr she 's die . peter no she 's not . joe what be it then ? peter it 's gas . 62 63 + ee + * 63 64 . continued : 63 bella it 's not ' gas 's love . joe do not take the piss here lad . they stare at Peter . peter what do you want I to say ? joe snr you can start with the truth Peter have a full internal convulsion - it 's a impossible situation , loyalty to gloria , but can not hide the truth from he family . peter oh for fu -- ( blurt out ) it 's cancer , ok ! bella I know it .. peter happy now ? everyone take this in . it 's no massive reveal - just a very sad one . joe what 's she family say ? peter ( beat ) she 's not tell they . bella you need to tell she family . peter she 's do not want I to . I promise she . and anyway gloria say she 's gonna get better . she 's sure of it . and i_ believe she . bella Peter ! someone need to be tell and need to get over here quick ! there might be unexpected thing to deal with . + + + + +e 63 65 . continued : ( 2 ) peter I be just tell you what gloria say that 's all ! it 's suddenly charge . bella I can not take this . peter ma , she 's not delirious . she know what she 's say . Bella beg to differ but do not want to sound insensitive . bella that 's it . cancel the flight . I be not go to Australia ! not with gloria upstairs the way she be . peter ma! bella she need I here so that 's where I be gonna be . not in Australia . not in bloody manila . end of story . a visibly upset Bella storm out of the kitchen joe you need to sort this lad ! peter sort what ?! joe snr it 's not right Peter son . peter it 's what she want ! joe what about what ma want ?! joe snr you need to let that girl 's family know . peter no I do not dad ! 63 64 65 66 . continued : ( 3 ) 63 Peter get up ; fix he brother and father . peter ( cont 'd ) and neither will you . * Peter head out : slam the front door on he way out . ext . liverpool playhouse theatre - later - day 64 * a grand old dame of a theatre in a grand old dame of a city . Peter rush across towards the stage door . int . liverpool playhouse theatre / back -stage - day 65 * Peter rush to he dress room follow by old jack , the stage manager . old jack you have be push it all week Peter . the other lead character , a ( female ) surgeon and * ( male ) anaesthetist stand outside they dress * room in a fit of pique . surgeon actor be late put everyone into a state of nervous tension ! peter yeah well , it 's not on purpose . someone 's die at home , ok . surgeon really ? anaesthetist who ? Peter deliberate whether to tell they . peter it 's a good friend .. * ( pause ) gloria grahame . they look at each other in disbelief . surgeon the film star ? 67 . 65 continued : 65 peter yes . anaesthetist hah ! Peter , darling do not be silly . we all know film star do not die in Liverpool . Peter turn on he , right up to he face . peter Film star die wherever they fuck end up geoff . just like you be gonna die right here if you do not shut the fuck up ! surgeon ( fearful ) sorry old boy .. but the show must go on must not it ? peter I be here be not I ! Peter stare he down , but part of he agree . the actor 's life . old jack Peter ... come on now . Peter retreat into he dress room to get ready . 66 int . liverpool playhouse theatre - moment later 66 Peter dressed as the nurse , wait in the wing . still fume . still confuse ... but then as the curtain rise see he transform . the actor escape . he enter stage right and deliver the open line of the play . nurse / peter '' bit of a bleeder be not she ? " jump CUT to : 67 int . liverpool playhouse theatre - moment later 67 on stage a sedate female patient be probe by a surgeon , flanke by the anaesthetist and the nurse . 67 68 68. continued : 67 the nurse grab the patient 's ankle , push she knee up , peer up between she leg . the nurse there ! surgeon I do not believe it ! ( read the tattoo ) '' Sam be here '' . the nurse with a pierce heart . surgeon but '' Sam be here ? '' .. good God ! they all study the ' intimate in ko. the nurse maybe he think she be a tree trunk . the audience roar . wife audience she 's not gonna stick that bloody great big needle in she be she ?! husband audience she bloody well be ! Peter feel he craft work big . clap hand clap all they can and we bleed into -- a series of cut : ad - lib ; audience heckle ; killer line ; big beaming face ; hearty laugh ; accentuated facial expression from all the cast . but most importantly -- peter escaping himself .. by do so escaping gloria . int . liverpool playhouse theatre - later —- night 68 House light . the audience clap in rhythm ( like they do ) . Peter hit the stage for he curtain call ; massive whoops and cheer - biggest of the night . on he delirious face as he take a theatrical bow . + ee + 69 70 69 . ext . liverpool street / int . taxi - later - night 69 a taxi take Peter home . he look out on dark , wet liverpudlian street . coming down rapidly . int . bella' guest room - at the same time - night 70 gloria , depressed in bed . tries a apricot kernel , spit it out . get out of bed , sit at the dresser , study her thing , stroke the pendant around she neck ; flip it open . the tune drift out ... soft , plinky piano . we vaguely recognise it .. gloria spin on she chair ; launch into ' Ace in the hole 's from ' the nake alibi 's . gloria ( softly sing ) '' there 's con man and there 's booster , Card shark and crapshooter , wearing tie and fancy collar ... " she stand , follow the move like gloria ( cont 'd ) '' but where do they get they dollar ? they have all get a ace down in the hole ... '' the tempo explode ; jazz trumpet take over . Pan off , lose gloria in the window : reflection shot : marianna in ' naked alibi 's - wear a satin cocktail dress with spaghetti strap . she shimmy she way through the ella fitzgerald track . marianna '' fact be they name would be mud , like a chump play stud , if they lose that old ace in the hole !!! " gloria , back in she nightdress stand at the window - slowly shimmy . look down onto the street .. in the shadow . Pov : Peter 's taxi pull up . 71 72 73 70 . int . taxi / ext . bella and joe 's house - at the same 71 time - night Peter study the house .. in particular the spare room . Pov : the house in darkness peter ( to taxi driver ) mate , change I mind , take we back to town will you ? belgravia casino . taxi driver ( study he ) course mate , money up front ... Peter nod , dig in he pocket int . bella' guest room / ext . STREET - at the same 72 time - night gloria 's Pov : the internal cab-light show Peter hand cash up front . but he do not open the door . the taxi then do a three point turn ; drive away . int . belgravia casino - night - later 73 follow Peter into a late night casino full of late night people . look relieved as he wander past the ' gamer 's game - he reach the bar . order a double whiskey . eileen ( 0.s. ) Peter !? reveal eileen ( 31 ) , Peter 's cousin in she black croupier dress . Peter squeeze she tight . peter soz eileen , I know you be work but I need a big drink . eileen aunt Bella 's tell I ma.. gloria 's back at yours ? in the spare room ?? ( pause ) what 's go on ? peter ha ! good question ! + 73 74 71 . continued : 73 eileen see she cousin be act strange . eileen ( take he face ) you ok Pete ? peter right now ? I be great ! Peter shake he head slowly in despair . eileen hug he - she know he - kiss he . eileen half a hour then I be finish .. peter perfect . eileen Debbie ! debbie , the barmaid , saunter back over . eileen ( cont 'd ) Peter , my cousin ... whatever he 's ' avin , put it on the ' special bill 's . debbie nod .. eileen squeeze he arm , set off to the table . Debbie bring Peter a double whiskey - neck it one ... he wink at Debbie ; she re-fill . int . belgravia club - night —- moment later 74 Peter and eileen in a quiet corner . Peter more than a few scotch in ... the high replace by a inebriated introspection . peter I have get I ma’ and Da 's and we Joe look at I ask what the fuckin’ell be go on up there ?? ( pause ) and I do not know ' ei’ . it really feel that way . I get a call from gloria out of the blue and bam ! she 's upstairs look soo .. sick . eileen D 's you know what 's up with she ? * + * + + + +e + 74 72 . continued : 74 Peter know this question be come . he downs he whiskey - and let it burn . peter stomach cancer . ( pause ) I ring the doctor who treat she in lancaster . he say ... Peter can not quite believe he 's about to say this . peter ( cont 'd ) and he say she 's gonna die this time ... soon . eileen what ?? peter two week , maybe three . eileen ( devastate ) you be fuckin’ kiddin’ I .. they both sit in silence a moment . eileen ( cont 'd ) Jesus ... pause ) she 's have it before then .. peter ( nod ) there 's a scar under here .. ( he touch he breast ) only tiny .. I never think much of it . but now ... think back ... fuckin’ stupid bastard ... Peter think back to all sort . eileen what 's she do in you ma 's spare room ? she should be in a hozzie ? peter well , gloria do not believe in doctor or hozzy , do she ? she hate ‘em . gloria 's tell I she 's gonna be ok .. + +e ff * + + + eh HH HH + * * + + 73. continued : ( 2 ) 74 peter ( cont 'd ) say all she need to do be stay in I ma 's house a bit longer ... rest up ... like , the fuck cancer 's gonna disappear .. and then she 's gonna toddle off back theatre in lancaster .. keep play amanda in the Glass ' bloody 's menagerie ! like nothing 's happen . that 's gloria ... do not want anyone to know she 's sick .. not even she kid .. and she 's kissing and hugging I ... just like we use to .. and that 's really tough too , cause I love she ' ei '. ( pause ) I fuckin’ love she . Peter can not stop the tear come , the booze not help . eileen jump across , take he in he arm . eileen eh ! it 's ok .. come on ... I be here . she comfort he . he sniff up , man up . peter sorry .. I be ok .. I be ok .. eileen know the only way be to try and lighten thing up eileen eh , remember that magical day in New York when I see yous two . could not wait to get off that crappy cruise liner I be graft on . then only to be welcome by a movie star ! that be soo special ! and gloria soo warm and lovely to I ... I love that day so much I carry the photo round in my bag . ( pause ) wanna see ‘em ?? Peter think .. then nod . eileen get the photo out hand they over to Peter whilst come to stand over he shoulder . + h HH HH HH HH hf HH * * + + +e * 74 . 74 continued : ( 3 ) 74 eileen ( cont 'd ) there 's we ! bloomingdale .. macy as. Radio City .. we on the balcony in she Manhattan apartment , look at that view . ( beat ) I do not get it . she do not look ill at all do she ? on Peter .. shaking he head in disbelief . angle on : a photo-snap of gloria and Peter on the balcony in Manhattan with smiley grin . match CUT to : 74a ext / int . balcony / gloria 's manhattan apartment - day lon the same moment . gloria and Peter tickle each other just after eileen have take the above holiday snap . the Big Apple look delicious in the backdrop . eileen another one just in - case eileen get they to stay still and snap another .. gloria take the camera - she frame -up . gloria cheeeeeze !! peter / eileen ( 0.c. ) ( clench fist ) everton ! ! 74b int / ext . foyer / manhattan apartment block - later - 74b day gloria and Peter wave eileen 's yellow - cab off . eileen ( out of the window ) see you in Liverpool gloria . gloria liverpoool , I be there honey . eileen byeee . 74b 74c 75 . continued : 74b the taxi drive off . gloria crazy girl ! I love she ! she remind I of Bella . peter ( nod ) both have a screw loose .. gloria all the ' Turner Crew 's roll like that ? peter we're ' scouser 's , so pretty much yeah . int . back -stage restaurant , manhattan - night 74c Peter and gloria in a showbiz -y restaurant off Broadway . gloria take a slow intake of breath - then with a passionate quiver . gloria liverpoooool . ( beat ) I just wanna go back to .. liverpoooool .. say it for I Peter . peter Liverpool . gloria wow , I be in love . I miss it .. peter I do not . I be happy right here thanks . reveal the table lamp - shade have ' gloria grahame 's write on it with stick - on letter , other table also dedicated to some live hollywood legend - liza minelli , zsa zsa gabor , etc ... Peter 's attention draw to a STAR - bizzy flourish . gloria ( deadpan ) oh yippee ... liza 's here . + + + + + eh * + 76 . tac continued : 74c peter liza ? we recognise it 's liza minelli peter ( cont 'd ) oh , liza .. gloria she practically life in here . gloria see Peter impressed , she green eye glow . gloria ( cont 'd ) what kinda person come to a joint where you be label on the lamp - shade anyway ? I do not know why I bring you here . peter why do you then ? gloria dunno ... maybe I want to impress you . peter you .. impress I ? why ? gloria because you be young .. and gorgeous .. and thing like that get to I .. even though they should not and I know it 's wrong . gloria ceremoniously pick the letter off the lamp - shade - twirl it back to Peter . gloria ( cont 'd ) that 's better . it now read : ' G o ham 's peter now I be really impressed , ' go Ham 's . gloria can we just go order pizza back at my place ? * + +e * + * + + ee HH + tac 74d 77 . continued : ( 2 ) peter they deliver pizza to you apartment ?? gloria this be America baby ... ok . exit stage leave through the kitchen , that way we avoid the flashbulb out front . peter and liza .. they laugh . gloria but Peter , honey , before we go , you gotta tell I how I look ? peter gloria . honey . you look beautiful . gloria ( pinch he cheek ) I 'il take he . peter you get he ! they skip off stage leave via the kitchen . ext . manhattan STREET — moment later Peter , arm round gloria - strolling Manhattan style . gloria ok , this be gonna sound cheezy . you do not mind I be cheezy for one minute do you ? peter you kiddin’ ? my second name 's ' mozzarella 's . gloria ( dig he playfully ) listen ! peter I be listen ! 74c 74d + + + fh + + * * 74d 74e 78. continued : 74d gloria ok . good. ( pause ) Peter .. I feel so young and alive , and soo .. ( visceral squeal ) ..- when I be with you . and I really want to let you know that , it 's important you know . ( pause ) cheezy right ? peter if you mean ' be that a really lovely thing to say ? 's then yes . gloria but I mean it ! peter I be just about to say the same . gloria what ? peter y'know , cheezy stuff .. gloria really ? y ’do not think I be some old maiden get my kick out of a handsome young man ? peter if you be , I be not complain ... gloria stiffen , she stare at Peter ice-cold . gloria fuck you !! gloria storm off . Peter know he 's put he foot in it , go after she - can not see this mood swing . peter I be kid ! glo ! c’mon ! int . gloria 's manhattan apartment - later 74e gloria calmly smoking a cigarette whilst Peter bang on the front door , lock out . + ee HH fh HH + + + + 74e 79 . continued : 74e peter ( 0.c. ) gloria open up ! gloria !!? ( pause ) '' stellaaaa ! " gloria walk over , open the door . Peter expect anger , get indifference . gloria get I figure as some pepped up blanche dubois type , huh ? ( pause ) careful with that ... you maybe right . Peter follow she , in she stick a tape on .. ' song for a guy ' by elton JOHN drift softly from a modern early 80 's hi- fi unit . peter I have to tip the concierge five dollar to even let I in ! gloria he owe I ten percent then . gloria walk onto she balcony . Peter follow . peter anyone tell you you look like lauren bacall when you smoke ? gloria yeah .. humphrey bogart . I do not like it then either . she flick the cigarette over the balcony . peter ( look up ) all the star be in sky tonight . gloria well .. I guess that 's where they should be . ( look out ) I like that thing . peter what ? gloria that ' Chrysler Building 's thing . + ee HH + + * + +e + * + 74e 74f 80 . continued : ( 2 ) 74e Peter straighten up , move in close to she . peter you know what I like ? gloria amuse I . peter you face . gloria - always a sucker for a compliment . Peter go in for a kiss . gloria back she lip just out of reach . she look at herself in the glass door -- reflection shot : laurel gray from ' in a lonely place '. laurel gray '' I say I like you face . I do not say I wanna kiss it " . laurel gray exit the balcony ( in reflection ) . stay with gloria as she head across the apartment , reach the bedroom and remove she blouse , look back at Peter with obvious eye then disappear into the bedroom . ext . central park - later 74e a lazy sunny day on East Green . gloria and Peter on a picnic blanket in dark glass . there 's grape juice and apricot kernel on the go . peter this city . everywhere you turn something 's happen . something weird and wonderful . gloria especially after dark . peter I love it here . Peter bury he head in she lap . gloria stare down on he youth and rugge beauty , transfix by it . gloria y'know what ? you should come live over here with I .. + * + + + + 74 F 74g 81 . continued : peter I think I already do . gloria Nah . at the moment you just stay where I stay . I be talk about y’know .. ' move in '. Peter sit up , face she . gloria ( cont 'd ) LA in the winter .. work for we career , if I have still get one .. and ... we love each other ... so yeah .. whaddya think ? Peter just hold she eye . peter I think ... gloria you think ... peter I think ... ( sing ) '' I be just a boy who can not say no - I be in a terrible fix " then Peter launch himself on top of she - snogging the hell out of she . int . apartment / meat packing district - night trendy art -house party in on of that warehouse / nightclub style home . Peter slugging on a beer , take it all in . nothing like London nevermind Liverpool .. spot he date gloria chat to a uber-cool gay couple , ray and tino . gloria Peter ! Ray and tino we hostess 's with the mostess . peter ( friendly ) wow ! I love you house ... do you even call this you house ? 74f 74g + + ee HH * + * * + + +e + + + 82. continued : 74g _ peter ( cont 'd ) could fit three house from Liverpool in here . Ray and tino look he and down .. smile without really say hello . gloria Ray and tino be my bodyguard when I hang out in the West Village . they keep I safe . peter from what ? tino gloria 's ' stalker 's of course . gloria he mean my gay fan . ray they all go crazy crazy when they see glo . tino frothing at the mouth . ray like they have see the biggest cock in the world . gloria Ray shut up ! ray no I will not miss grahame ! tino she 's bigger than fuck ' toto 's in chelsea . gloria ( laugh ) be not they just fuck gorgeous Peter ? Peter think ' maybe 's ( in more way than one ) . gloria spot someone in the distance .. gloria ( cont 'd ) hey ! be that fifi oscard ?? do you invite she ? + + + + + ee + * tag 83. continued : ( 2 ) 74g ray course we invite fifi ! gloria I will be right back . she leave Peter with Ray and tino . he feel slightly self conscious in they glare . peter ( small talk ) so .. you actually live here ? jeez ! tino jeez .. you already ask that . gloria hug fifi only yard away , pick up on tino 's tone . but the music be loud so she 's not hearing it full - on ... however she 's aware . ray and where do you live Peter ? peter London . but I live with gloria now . New York and in the winter , LA . she have a little pad there . tino how glamorous for you . ray Rent free I suppose ? tino or do you get credit on you dick ? peter ( beat ) Excuse I ? tino I say , ' do you get credit on you dick 's ? Peter eye they - realise it 's not friendly . on gloria watching ( as fifi chat Jack palance ) , the music drop to a softer track . gloria decipher more of they talk . + + + + Fe hf + * + continued : ( 3 ) peter get a problem mate ? ray no problem . apart from you hustling one of we dearest friend of course . peter ' hustling 's ? tino now he 's try to hustle we . ray you and gloria be soooo perfect for each other . tino he will not last . ray just another wannabee actor . tino I mean look at he . ray oh , do I have to ?? tino plenty more unemployed actor - boy leech in the sea . gloria 's Pov : Peter slam he beer down . now she know it 's go off . she set off back -- peter ( through gritt tooth ) keep go and I will fuck smash the cunt out of you both ! gloria Peter come meet fifi! gloria grab Peter -- gloria ( cont 'd ) she 's never meet a real liverpudlian before ! 84 . 74g lead he away . Peter eyeball they all the way . gloria pointedly snog he for ray and tino 's benefit before introduce he to fifi. + + + * + + + tag 74h 741 74rd 85 . continued : ( 4 ) 74g [ could end on a funny line -- fifi hey Peter .. can you say ' Liverpool 's for I ] int . gloria 's manhattan apartment —- morning 74h peter sleep like a baby ... he 's wake by the sound of the front door shutting . realise gloria 's go . CUT to - he walk into the live room find a handwritten note on the table . angle on note : '' Breakfast with agent back soon . Love ya. G x " int . gloria 's bedroom / manhattan apartment tai Peter on the phone .. peter ( on the phone ) be you sure they say it 's a ' straight offer 's ma ? int . bella and joe 's house / hallway - continuous 74d Bella on the phone . bella I be not go bloody deaf son . it 's the new bleasdale play at the Liverpool playhouse . I have get the number here you can call they direct . intercut peter why do not you just give they the number here ? bella well you can not just be give gloria 's number out willy nilly can you love .. + * * + ee HH * * * + + ee 86 . continued : 74d peter they would not have know would they ? bella well I certainly would . have you get a pen ? let I give you this director 's number . peter ok but I do not think I can do it ma. bella why not ? peter because I live here now ... with gloria .... what we have , it 's serious . bella you could both stay here . you need to earn a live son . that 's how we bring you up . Peter scramble for a pen . jot it down . then he hear the front door bang shut . peter ( excited ) I gotta go ma , gloria 's back . ( pause ) I know she can come and stay with we too if I do it .. gloria do not even look at Peter .. go straight onto the balcony . peter ( cont 'd ) ma , I love you . I will call ya tomorrow ... bye . Peter finally get Bella off the phone . look towards gloria . peter ( cont 'd ) er.. hello ? gloria throw the cigarette away - immediately light another . Peter wander to the balcony door . peter ( cont 'd ) where have you be ? + +e + + + + + + ee HH + * 87. tat continued : ( 2 ) 74d gloria where do I say I be ? peter out with you agent . gloria that 's where I be then . peter from seven this morning ? beat . peter ( cont 'd ) gloria ? gloria Peter ? peter be everything ok ? she do not answer he . peter ( cont 'd ) be it ? huh ? gloria it 's not ' huh 's . you be in New York five minute and you say ' huh ’? you sound like one of that plastic Hollywood brit who forget to leave . gloria steam off to the bedroom . slam the door . Peter open it up Pov : gloria face down on the bed . hear Peter approach the door , stay with gloria . peter I have be worried all day . gloria Peter . leave I alone . I have get a headache . peter ( pause ) can I get you anything ? gloria look up . gloria cigarettes . + + ee HH + tat 74k 74l 88. continued : ( 3 ) 74d she turn she head back to the pillow . hear Peter grab he coat and head out for cig . int . gloria 's manhattan apartment / bedroom - morning 74k Peter wake up , see gloria sleep away . his hand gently stroke she shoulder and neck . gloria 's eye flick open . gloria Peter . peter yeah . gloria stop . Peter freeze . gloria swing she leg out of bed , put she dress gown on and leave the bedroom without look at he . int . gloria 's manhattan apartment —- moment later 74l gloria in the kitchen where she 's make fresh fruit juice . Peter come in , sit at the breakfast table - try to catch she eye , but she do not let he . peter you fancy do stuff today ? what about a Broadway matinee . ( sing ) '' when you be a jet you be a jet all the way " -- gloria -- I be busy . peter do what ? gloria audition . peter what time you finish ? gloria later . gloria head back in the bedroom with she juice . + + ee HH + 74 m 89 . int . gloria 's manhattan apartment —- later - day gloria finally arrive home . Peter be smoking nervously on the balcony ... she cast a sad glance at he ... he flick the cig away , move in . gloria hi. peter how be the audition ? gloria ( shrug ) no- one know nothing in this biz ... I be gonna take a shower .. she move off to the bedroom .. peter ( blurt out ) I call you agent , she say you do not have any audition . gloria turn back to face he . gloria well then Peter , I guess I be bust .. gloria hold he eye-line . no emotion . peter be it someone else ? gloria would you believe I if I say no ? peter ( pause ) no. gloria then ' no '. peter what then ? gloria can not tell he . 74 m + + * + +e * + 74 m 90 . continued : 74m gloria for god 's sake Peter I already get four kid . I do not need five . this sting he , he male pride , he beef himself up . peter I be not a kid gloria . gloria stop act like one then . I be out ok . and now I be back . she walk into the bedroom , Peter still angry follow she . peter I have be offer a job back in England . ( pause ) a theatre job in ' Liverpool 's . gloria ( fix he ) good for you . peter rehearsals start in three month . gloria have you take it ? peter ( beat ) do you want I to take it ? gloria you need I to make you mind up for you now ? peter thing have not be right for a few week now . gloria ( dismissive ) you wanna leave I , fine , leave I . I be use to it . peter gloria , I do not think -- + * * * + + +e * + * + 74m continued : ( 2 ) 91 . gloria - I get a idea ! go! now ! right fuck now ! gloria flip ; grab he case from the top of the wardrobe , fling it on the bed , pile he clothes in . peter glo ! do not be -- gloria go to hell Peter ! she launch the case into the hallway , slam the bedroom door on he . Peter hear it lock - and on one door slamming shut on peter 's face - 75 omitted 76 int . bella and joe 's house - moment later another door open on a rough Peter come home after he night on the lash with eileen .. 77 int . bella and joe 's house / kitchen - moment later Peter switch the light on . find joe sit at the table , glaring at he . joe Morning . peter ( guilty ) Morning . joe be out then ? peter I meet we eileen for a drink . joe Nice . where ? peter the casino . joe nod in approval . then suddenly launch at peter pin he up against the wall by he throat . 74 m 75 76 77 92 . 77 continued : 77 joe on the fuckin’ piss ??! leave she upstairs for everyone else to sort out ? peter push back , gnarl he tooth , this be two brother about to go at it ! Joe peel he fist back . Peter manage to stick a hand in Joe 's face . peter fuck you Joe ! just then bella walk in with a wither look . know exactly what 's go on . the brother look at they mother . joe slowly let go . peter ( cont 'd ) I could not face it ma. come home to she ... sorry ma . bella nod - she 's not surprised . bella she 's pick at herself . that 's what happen now . the ambulance people say -- peter - hang on ! a ambulance ! ? joe yeah ! I call the fuck ambulance . what do you expect ? bella Joe .. do not swear . 78 int . bella 's guest room - at the same time 78 gloria sit up in bed , listen to the argument through the floor . joe ( 0.s. ) sorry ma but he 's fuck make I ! the little prick ! bella ( 0.s. ) Joe ! 78 79-85 86 86a 87 88 93. continued : gloria 's sadly caress the love heart pendant around she neck . perturb about what she 's hearing she slowly climb out of bed and we -- transition to : 78 omitted 79 - 85 int . gloria 's manhattan apartment —- morning gloria climb out of bed as Peter sleep like a baby . int . gloria 's manhattan apartment —- moment later a dress gloria write the note .. '' Breakfast with agent - back soon . Love ya. G x " she leave it on the dining table ; leave the apartment . ext . gloria 's manhattan apartment —- moment later the concierge hail a taxi for gloria - she jump in . gloria one seventy West and twelfth . cab driver the hospital ? gloria St. Vincent 's , yeah .. int . doctor 's office - later gloria sit wait , the book and certificate denote the office belong to a oncologist . finally doctor grace ( 60 ) walk in hold she file . doctor grace sorry to keep you gloria .. gloria oh do not worry .. doctor grace ( sit ) how be the pain ? 86 86a 87 88 * 94 , 88 continued : 88 gloria Fine . I be sure it 's just colitis . maybe I should try that antibiotic . but you know drug be not my thing if I can help it .. Doctor Grace can not meet she eye ... finally look up . doctor grace I be sorry gloria ... it 's back . gloria ( genuine innocence ) what be ? the Doctor do not have to say it ... gloria drain . her mind gloria ( cont 'd ) but my breast be clear , I have the test remember . doctor grace it 's spread to you stomach . gloria but the radiation treatment in LA , it kill it ! doctor grace the only way to kill it be chemo , which you should have have with you radio .... you should have have chemo , gloria . . do the doctor in LA offer it you ? gloria yes ... but they tell I I would lose all my hair ... then everyone would have find out , casting director , my family .. ( beat ) I can not act without my hair Doc ! spin . gloria ( cont 'd ) ok , I will have it now . straight away . 88 89 90 95 . continued : ( 2 ) doctor grace the cancer be never in remission . we need to do more test but .. it 's too late for chemotherapy . gloria know 's she 's just be give a death sentence . int . hospital corridor - moment later - day gloria walk but not feel she footstep , not feel anything ... numb to the world . int . gloria 's manhattan apartment - later gloria enter , pre-occupy , smoking ; hear Peter on the phone in the bedroom .. she secretly listen in . peter ( on the phone ) be you sure they say it 's a ' straight offer 's ? ( pause ) why do not you just give they the number here ? ( pause ) but they would not have know would they ? ( pause ) ok , but I do not think I can do it ma. ( pause ) because I live here now.. with gloria ... what we have , it 's serious . ( pause ) ok , give we the number .. gloria finally bang the door shut . peter ( cont 'd ) I gotta go ma , gloria 's back . ( pause ) I know she can come and stay with we too if I do it .. gloria do not even look at Peter .. go straight onto the balcony . light up a cigarette . peter ( cont 'd ) er.. hello ? 88 89 90 96 . 90 continued : 90 gloria throw the cigarette away - immediately light another . Peter wander to the balcony door . peter ( cont 'd ) where have you be ? gloria where do I say I be ? peter out with you agent . gloria that 's where I be then . peter from seven this morning ? beat. peter ( cont 'd ) gloria ? gloria Peter ? peter be everything ok ? she do not answer he . 91 int . gloria 's manhattan apartment / bedroom - morning 91 gloria sleep away or pretend to , she feel Peters hand gently stroke she shoulder and neck . gloria Peter . peter yeah . gloria stop . gloria swing she leg out of bed , put she dress gown on ; leave the bedroom without look at he . 92 omitted 92 97 . 93 int . ST . vincent 's hospital — day 93 gloria take another mammogram . she slip off she robe and step up to the screen machine . wide and lonely of she bare back as x-ray be take . 94 int . gloria 's manhattan apartment —- later - day 94 gloria finally arrive home . Peter be smoking nervously on the balcony .. gloria hi. peter how be the audition ? gloria ( shrug ) no- one know nothing in this biz ... I be gonna take a shower .. she move off to the bedroom .. peter ( blurt out ) I call you agent , she say you do not have any audition . gloria turn back to face he . gloria well then Peter , I guess I be bust ... gloria hold he eye-line . no emotion . peter be it someone else ? gloria would you believe I if I say no ? peter ( pause ) no. gloria then ' no '. 94 98. continued : 94 peter what then ? gloria can not tell he . gloria for god 's sake Peter I already get four kid . I do not need five . this sting he , he male pride , he beef himself up . peter I be not a kid gloria . gloria stop act like one then . I be out ok . and now I be back . she walk into the bedroom , Peter follow she . peter I have be offer a job back in England . ( pause ) a theatre job in ' Liverpool 's . beat gloria good for you . peter rehearsals start in three week . it 's a long run .. gloria have you take it ? peter it 's a good job . and I speak to mum and she say we could stay in Liverpool , at she house -- gloria -- take it . but I be not come . beat peter you really want I to take it ? ( pause ) without you ? +e + * ee 99 . continued : ( 2 ) 94 gloria what ? y’need I to make you mind up for you now ? peter I be just worried , thing have not be right for a few week now -- gloria you know what -- you wanna leave I ? Fine , leave I . people walk out on I all the time honey . peter glo , I do not think -- gloria hey , I get a idea ! ( beat ) go ! now ! right fuck now ! gloria flip ; grab he case from the top of the wardrobe , fling it on the bed , pile he clothes in . peter you be pack I up ?? Peter laugh incredulously peter ( cont 'd ) the suitcase ? come on !! gloria yeah , it 's fuck ' suitcase time 's for you buster . glo keep pack he up .. peter you be nut y’know that ! this be absolutely off it 's head ! she launch the case into the hallway . gloria go to hell Peter ! she slam the bedroom door . lock it from the inside . peter ( 0.c . ) you really want I to leave ? * 94 95 96 97 100 . continued : ( 3 ) gloria yeah , send I a postcard to tell I you get home safe , ok ? beat peter ( 0.c . ) can not we at least talk ? glo ...? he bang the door gloria back against the wall hyperventilate with despair . the hardest thing she 's ever have to do . int . gloria 's bedroom / manhattan apartment - morning gloria asleep in she clothes . the phone ring waking she .. she pick it up and drop it down . then from outside the door . peter ( 0.c. ) gloria ? gloria be you awake ? gloria stay silently still ... but hat herself . Peter sound lose and teary . peter ( 0.c. ) ( cont 'd ) this be not fair .. I do not get it .. ( pause ) actually ... maybe I do .... yeah I do ... ok ... ( pause ) bye gloria ... we hear the suitcase be drag out - and the front door open and bang shut . gloria close she eye ... and drift off to sleep again . time CUT to : int . gloria 's bedroom / manhattan apartment - night she open they ... still in she clothes , night . she listen for sign of peter-life outside she door .. int . gloria 's manhattan apartment —- moment later — night the bedroom door unlock ; gloria enter a apartment void of Peter . know 's he 's go . feel he lack .. 94 95 96 97 97 97a 101 . continued : she wander over and sit at she dress table , look in the mirror . then she spot something on the table . the heart shape pendant - a present from Peter . she pick it up.. she eye-lid heavy with lose love .. look in the mirror . reflection shot : laurel gray from ' in a Lonely place 's . laurel/gloria '' I live a few week whilst you love I - goodbye dix . " move in on the love heart pendant as she fix it around her neck , and we -- transition to : int . stair / bella' kitchen - dawn back with gloria caressing the pendant as she make she way downstairs - listen to the argument . joe dry-your eye lad . she do not get in the bleedin’ ambulance ! bella ( pause ) they could not get she in Peter . she refuse to get in . joe but they say it ! the ambulance bloke . they tell we ! she 's die ! she need to be in hozzie . she can not stay upstairs . peter why not ?! why can not she ?! what if that be you jessie up there ? joe be . you. Fucking . deaf ! gloria be die in our mother 's house ! ( beat ) and I be not gonna let that happen . hear I lad ?? 97 97a + + + +e * + ee HH 97a 97b 102 . continued : 97a joe ( cont 'd ) I love gloria ... but I love I ma more . and so should fuckin’ you ! then gloria appear wraith - like in one of bella' flowery night -gowns . startles everyone ! gloria hey guy .... I can hear you .. ( pause ) look at I ! I be ok ... yeah , I be sick , but I ' aint gonna die ! Joe honey , I ' aint gonna die . beat . bella oh gloria , love . Peter ! Peter rush to gloria 's side .. lead she away . int . bella guest room —- moment later 97b Peter settles gloria back into bed ; note a bottle of dettol and clean bowl . open the window ... gloria I miss you tonight , Peter .. peter I be sorry . I just feel -- I dunno glo ... I be so sorry .. gloria ( beat ) I need my make - up bag Peter . gloria look into the dress table mirror -- peter I like the new nightgown .. refection : violet from ' it be a wonderful life '. violet '' this old thing ? why I only wear it when I do not care how I look . " they smile at her most famous line of dialogue . peter turn to find she bag .. but when he turn back , he notice she eye be close again . 97b 98 99 103 . continued : 97b think she 's asleep , he creep out of the room . suddenly she start cough . gloria be I fight for my life Peter ? tell I I be not fight for my life ? Peter agonise .... he sit in and rub she back . peter you be gonna be just fine gloria . I be sure of it .. gloria and peter remain in each other arm . int . bella' guest room - night 98 pull back from the pendant on a sleep gloria .. a weary look Peter ( in different clothes ) note she erratic breathe . he turn quietly , leave the room . int . bella and joe 's house / hallway - moment later 99 Peter pick up the phone ; dial the operator . peter United States , California ... ( read address book ) 6548790 , thank you . the line ring out . then finaly : tim ( v.o. ) hello ? peter hi! tim. it 's Peter .. Peter Turner . tim ( v.o. ) Mom 's old friend ? peter yeah . hi ... listen Tim , gloria 's in Liverpool .. with I ... she 's not well Tim .. drift from Peter have to be dishonest to gloria , to be deadly honest with Tim . + + ee 100 104 . int . bella' guest room - morning 100 Peter find Bella fix gloria 's hair again at the dress table . mother she . gloria ( see he ) we have decide Bella can be my Mom too . Peter manage a smile . peter ma , can you help dress gloria into something warm please . gloria why ? peter we be go out . bella out ? out where ? peter it 's a surprise .. bella do not be daft , it 's cold out . she need to stay here where it 's warm . peter come on ma.. just a couple of hour . bella ( think ) no . it 's a stupid idea . peter mum - — bella - that 's final . Peter search for gloria 's eye . they connect . gloria sense fun . gloria Bella .. + + * 100 101 102 105 . continued : 100 bella yes my love .. gloria I kinda like surprise .. bella ( beat ) be you sure ? ( pause ) look like rain out there . gloria ( smile at Peter ) yeah .. why not ? bella ( admit defeat ) I have get some spare thermal somewhere .. Bella exit to sort . Peter smile at gloria . ext . liverpool playhouse theatre - later 101 Peter help a wrapped - up gloria out of a taxi ; they take in the impressive victorian frontage . gloria oh my ! be not she a beauty ! they head in . int . liverpool playhouse theatre - moment later 102 both on the stage look out onto the empty seat . even this send shiver down they spine . peter they have be tread this board since 1886 . gloria gee .. that 's some tread . just then old jack wander on with two chair and a couple of script . plonk the chair down face each other , lay the script down - and wander off . + + +e + + * 102 106 . continued : 102 peter Nice one Jack . Peter help gloria over to a chair . gloria what be you up to ? peter I think we have have some fun .. Peter sit she down , give she a script . Pov : ' romeo and juliet '. gloria you gotta be kid I ?? peter the bard 's ' the nut 's huh .. ( sit opposite ) I think we have try it out . page 58 . Act 1 scene 5 . you there ? Peter mean it . gloria find the page . gloria I be there .. peter shall we ? gloria let . peter you first . juliet / gloria good pilgrim , you do wrong you hand too much , which mannerly devotion show in this ; for saint have hand that pilgrim ' hand do touch , and palm to palm be holy palmer ' kiss . romeo / peter have not saint lip , and holy palmer too ? juliet / gloria ay , pilgrim , lip that they must use in prayer . 102 103 107 . continued : ( 2 ) 102 romeo / peter o , then , dear saint , let lip do what hand do ; they pray , grant thou , lest faith turn to despair . for a moment gloria struggle - the word stick in she throat . Peter unsure what to do - whether to go over - call it a day .. but then -- juliet / gloria Saints do not move , though grant for prayer ' sake . Peter smile with pride at he ' gal 's . romeo / peter then move not , while my prayer 's effect I take . thus from my lip , by yours , my sin be purge . juliet / gloria then have my lip the sin that they have take . romeo / peter Sin from thy lip ? o trespass sweetly urge ! give I my sin again . juliet / gloria you kiss by the book . peter rise .. approach slowly and kiss she softly on the lip . peter I certainly do . a ripple of applause from the wing where a few stage - hand , Old Jack , the surgeon and the anaesthetist have congregate without they know . Peter bow then help he leading lady up to curtsy . they both look out to a imaginary full house .. and soak up they stand ovation . ext . ferry on the mersey - later 103 gloria sit in Peter 's arm watch Liverpool 's historic waterfront glide by . his head next to hers protect she from the wind . * 103 104 105 106 107 108 . continued : 103 point out certain landmark . he kiss she head lovingly . gloria smile through she exhaustion . int . bella' guest room - later 104 Peter help gloria back to bed - she be asleep before she hit the pillow . Peter tuck she in tight , the sadness return . mix to : int . liverpool playhouse theatre - night 105 Peter take he curtain call to rapturous applause - a huge smile on he face . curtain down , he immediately reclaim himself from be the nurse . int . bella and joe' house / hallway - later 106 Peter arrive home - open the door . a suitcase sit in the hallway . a american accent emanate from the kitchen ... int . bella and joe' house / kitchen - moment later 107 Peter find he family gather with tim ( 28 ) who stand up , offer he hand , he 's good look , same age -ish as Peter .. taller maybe . peter tim. hi.. we finally meet . wish it be not this way . tim Pete .. thanks for all you have do for Mom . they manage a smile under the circumstance . peter ( to Bella ) how 's she be tonight ? bella she 's get worse . tim I ask you mother to call the doctor . 109 . 107 continued : 107 Peter try to contain himself . peter that 's only gonna stress she out . tim I need a official note that would allow Mom to travel . peter Travel ? Travel where ? tim there 's a doctor at St. Vincent 's New York who mum trust . I have persuade she to let he examine she . peter New York !? tim it 's we only chance Peter ! peter she can not get on a plane ! the journey will kill she . tim what 's the alternative ? peter she go to hospital .. here . ' the Liverpool Royal 's . tim you have say yourself .. she hate doctor . peter then she stay where she be ! tim here ? in you Mom 's house ? peter yes ! she 's comfortable . she 's get I . and my ma! ( to Bella and Joe ) us! 110 . 107 continued : ( 2 ) 107 tim Peter . with all due respect ... you be just a ex-boyfriend . this hit Peter hard . then suddenly and surprisingly -- joe snr Peter . ( pause ) Tim 's here . and he 's gloria 's son . ( to Tim ) and if that 's you decision Tim ... ( eyeball Peter ) everyone in this family will support you . Tim nod in appreciation . peter wrong move . I be say now .. joe snr lad . it 's not up to you . peter eye -ball everyone . tim so .. we need to be on the 6.20 flight to heathrow tomorrow morning , then on to JFK . we need to be leave here at 4 be . joe ( beat ) I will get the taxi . I gotta pal that work that time .. tim thank you . ( look around ) all of you ... for everything . ( pause ) please can I use the phone upstairs for final arrangement ? Joe snr nod . Tim leave . the family sit in silence . joe snr ( to Peter ) it 's for the best lad . + + * 107 108 111 . continued : ( 3 ) 107 Joe snr leave ; just Bella and Peter in the kitchen . bella I 'il make some tea . Peter slowly take a seat . int . bella' guest room - later 108 Tim look down on gloria . Peter enter . tim I have to try Peter . I gotta try and save mom. ( pause ) I be just glad she have you to call on . Peter nod solemnly . peter it 's a long journey tomorrow . let I stay with she tonight . tim she 's my responsibility now .. peter Tim ! ( pause ) she 's still my girlfriend ... ( fix he ) please . Tim get it .. they emotionally hug . Tim leave , Peter close the bedroom door . alone ... sit close to gloria - she breathe irregular ; skin ghostly grey . suddenly gloria moan , groan , gasp in she sleep . peter ( cont 'd ) it 's ok glo . I be here . do not fight it . do not go on ... I be here now ... let go . a pillow fall to the floor . Peter pick it up - and for a moment there be a flash of the unthinkable . * + ee HH + + ee HH * 112 . 109 int . bella' guest room - later ( montage ) 109 Peter watch on helpless as gloria 's deteriorate : Peter moisten she crack lip ; gloria mutter old line of dialogue ; restlessness ; cry in she sleep ; she breathe now the dread ' death rattle '. 110 ext . bella and joe' house - later 110 a black cab arrive for it 's 4 am pick-up . 111 int . bella and joe' house / back room - moment later 111 Peter look at gloria - sit in exactly the same position . have be all night . a knock on the door . Bella come in . bella taxi 's here . Peter do not respond . bella ( cont 'd ) Peter ? peter I hear you ma. bella I be go to wake Tim . Bella disappear . Peter on a motionless gloria . peter gloria . no answer . peter ( cont 'd ) gloria ... time to go . gloria 's eye flick open ; confusion then she recognise Peter and calm . the overhead light go on . Bella , Tim , Joe and Joe snr busy themselves . Tim and Peter help she upright . tim Mom I be go to get you back home . but you have to help I by give one of you great ever performance ok ? be that a deal ? 113 . 111 continued : 111 gloria nod . peter we can not send she out like this ! she need make -up . a flurry of energy as Peter apply make - up , brushes she hair , dress she in she favourite clean cream silk pyjamas , wrap she in a head scarf , plant thick woolen sock fitte on she ' fat foot 's . a white fox fur place around she shoulder . he load she dark sun-glass on last . Tim and Joe get gloria on she foot , she take a step then collapse . peter ( cont 'd ) we need to carry she down . 112 int . bella and joe' house / stair / hallway - moment 112 later gloria perch on a wooden chair , carry down the stair by Peter , Tim and Joe . like removal man shifting a heavy set of drawer . they manage to get she to the bottom . Joe snr stop the procession - give gloria a kiss .. she eye thank he . then bella step forward lean in - embrace gloria . bella May the Lord protect you gloria grahame . gloria do not forget .. bella what my love ? gloria a son need he Mom ... billy need you . Bella grip she tight , gloria can not see she tear . 113 114 . ext . bella and joe 's house - moment later 113 gloria load into the cab . Peter fix she seat belt ; bend in , kiss she on the lip ... try not to cry . gloria Peter .. how do I look ? Peter laugh through he cry . peter beautiful . ( pause ) always beautiful gloria . gloria manage she signature ' cluck '. they kiss as passionately as possible ... peter ( cont 'd ) call I when you land .. I 'il be awake . Tim get in the cab . Peter summon the strength .. and tear himself away from she arm . peter ( cont 'd ) I will be wait ! right here ! ok ?? gloria ( pause ) in liverpoooool . they somehow share a smile . then he have to close the door . CUT to - the taxi set off . it disappear ...... peter hope it will come back .. but it do not . finally joe ( 0.c . ) eh , knob-head .. Peter snap to reality . reveal Joe at the gate . a moment ... then Joe walk into the street , take Peter into he arm ; hug he with all the love he have . 113 114 115 . continued : 113 peter struggle to keep it in joe ( cont 'd ) I know ... I know .. ( pause ) come on lad . he lead Peter back inside the house . blood brother . int . bella and joe 's house - at the same time - dawn 114 Bella and Joe snr sit at the table .. no word . lose in gloria thought . Joe enter , hover by the door . bella be he ok ? joe he will be fine , do not worry . i’1l make sure he 's ok . I x11 make sure for you . Bella smile . Joe be a ' carlsberg 's son ... probably the best in the world . bella Joe .. joe yes ma ? bella fetch that big suitcase from the basement ... I and you dad need to pack ... for Australia . Joe half smile , relieved .. obediently head off . Bella reach for Joe snr 's hand , he readily clasp it . life go on .. and life be Australia , billy and ... bloody manila int . bella' guest room - moment later - dawn 115 Peter enter . breathes in her presence . sit on the bed , it 's still warm .. he 's beyond cry , beyond heart break . then he spot something by he foot . Pov : publicity postcard of gloria from ' the bad and the beautiful 's + * * + + + + + + * 115 116 . continued : 115 it must have drop from she suitcase in the melee . Peter pick it up ... and it 's true --- gloria grahame be truly beautiful . forever . ext . liverpool road - at the same time - dawn 116 desert . the taxi drive at funeral pace , couriere precious cargo . gloria somehow shine in the dull overhead cab-light , dress in cream silk , film - star shade , head scarf , a white fox fur on she shoulder .. ..a tragic goddess from the ' Silver screen 's . caption : gloria arrive in new york and be admitted to ST . vincent 's hospital fade caption : she died later that day CUT to black : edmund gwenn ( v.o. ) '' the winner .... gloria grahame for ' the bad and the beautiful ! ' " applause from a star-studded crowd . flashback to : int . ' rko theatre 's / hollywood - real footage 117 1952 oscar ceremony gloria sashays ( not entirely gracefully ) to the stage . dress off the peg , hair brush not style . smile fix . she shake edmund 's hand . daze .. as the famous statuette be place in she palm . then find her audience with a subtle , gloria grin . * + * * 117 continued : gloria ( verbatim ) '' thank you ... thank you all very much . '' gloria grahame exit stage leave . the end 117 . 117 *