final destination 2 by J. mackye gruber and Eric bress fade in : int . dark room - night title over : a padded wall be paper with newspaper clipping that date back to the early 1900s : " local fowler brother lose $ 35 ticket to board titanic " appear over " fowler brother kill in coal mine mishap . " another series of article read , " jewish professor denied admittance to hindenburg " and " professor rabinowitz kill in avalanche . " etc ... continue along the wall , the newspaper article all focus on the fate of the original survivor of the flight 180 crash . we dissolve between the various headline depict the gruesome death of tod , Terry , Ms. lewton , billy hitchcock , Carter and Alex brown . also in the mix be various crime scene photo of the death . decapitate torso , crush , mangle body , the char remain of another and the face - down body of Alex brown . map line the wall as well , pinpoint the location of numerous death , perhaps seek a pattern . chart that timeline bizarre death , seating chart of down aircraft , etc ... latex - glove hand tear out the last article , apply fun - tack to its corner and place it in the center of all the other : a remembrance for the victims of flight 180 Friday mark one year anniversary . end title . flash to black as a hand enter frame , pull back to reveal : ext . kimberly's neighborhood - day KIMBERLY burroughs , 19 , put a fold AAA map in she mouth . she open the back of a red nissan suv , and pla ces she duffel bag inside . that do , she let the map drop from she mouth , catch it in she free hand and turn to hug she father , mr . burroughs . KIMBERLY thanks , dad . I will call you . mr. BU rroughs you have everything , kimberly ? credit card , cell phone , AAA card ? KIMBERLY relax , dad . it 's daytona , not Mongolia . mr. burroughs ( playful ) fix - a - flat ? Road flare ? sunblock ? mace ? shaina ( o.s. ) condom , handcuffs , lube ? kimberly and Mr. burrough turn to see -- shaina , 19 , tall leggy brunette . Tan , tight tube top revealing she pierce navel , kimberly 's best friend . she walk up the driveway with she bag . shaina just kid , Mr. B. do not worry , I will keep a eye on she . mr. burroughs ( sarcastic ) oh , that make I feel a lot better . shaina throw she bag in , shut the back and climb in the suv . kimberly hug she dad , kissing he on the cheek . KIMBERLY I know this be the first time we have be apart since . but everything 's gonna be okay . mr. burroughs I know , honey . I just -- kimberly hug he tighter . cut he off . mr. burroughs you mother would have be so proud of the way you have handle yourself through all of this ... KIMBERLY ( softly ) I know , dad . shaina ( o.s. ) hello , the guy be wait ! kimberly give he a quick kiss , jump behind the wheel , start the car and pull away as shaina crank up the stereo . mr. burroughs buckle up ! Mr. burrough wave as the girl roar off . as he look down he spot a oil stain leave by kimberly 's suv . as he drag he shoe across the stain , a slight breeze blow past he face . camera push in as a look of concern cross he face . ext . highway on ramp - day on old woman as she push she supermarket cart up the on ramp . a squeaky wheel be shrill and disturbing . driver of several wait vehicle avoid stare at she weathered face as she pass . up ahead wait in line , be kimberly 's red suv . up ahead wait in line , be kimberly 's red suv . shaina ( o.s. ) watch it ! kimberly accidentally kiss the bumper in front of she while daydream . she call out to the driver in front : KIMBERLY sorry ! my fault ! shaina look over , concerned . in the backseat , the guy dano and frankie laugh hard and some of frankie 's milkshake come out of he nose . shaina want I to drive ? KIMBERLY no , I be good . shaina look at kimberly as a hand suddenly hit kimberly 's window . kimberly spin around , startle . kimberly stare transfix at the Old woman , who stare back with chill intensity . the kid ad-lib " let 's go " and " Fucking freak . " the Old woman 's plastic bag break , send orange roll down the on - ramp . the Old woman break eye contact with kimberly as she rush to retrieve they . the signal turn from red to flash yellow . kimberly pull the su V onto the highway , look in the side view mirror to see the Old woman look up at she in slow - mo . frankie dano , should not we go back and help you mother ? dano blo with I . cu on KIMBERLY as she look back from the mirror and react to a ominous electronic road sign that flash " warning : construction next 180 feet " . nissan suv kimberly merge into traffic , nearly collide with a speed yellow mini - bus carry a high - school football team . kimberly nervously jerk the wheel to the right , then realize she 's speed towards the road construction barrel , she swerve back leave , right behind the mini-bus at the last moment . close . kimberly pull around the mini-bus as rowdy football player tackle each other , yell : football player pile up ! pile up ! pile up ! kimberly flick on the radio and we hear highway to hell by ac / DC at earsplit volume . kimberly and shaina jump from the shock and reach to lower the volume . kimberly , disturb by this , hit seek -- a oldy station . a grisly car crash from nervous norvus ' transfusion album . dano Christ , be this tribute to princess Di Day or what ? kimberly pass a car weaving on she right . the driver reach into the back seat to quiet a barking dog hang on its head out the window . KIMBERLY ( unnerve ) Jesus , all the crazy be out today . a cloud pass kimberly 's head . she smell it and turn around , take she eye off the road to see dano smoking a joint . KIMBERLY I tell you no drug in the car ! my dad will freak ! dano and frankie exchange look , God , what a geek ! dano ( laugh ) calm down , kimmy . it 's not drug , just weed . frankie yeah , you should have specify . kimberly turn to shaina , helpless . shaina spin around , she eye wordlessly tell dano , I know she 's a priss , but put it out . then kimberly 's cell phone ring . she hit the speaker button . mr. burroughs ( v.o. ) kimberly ? it 's dad . KIMBERLY hey , dad . what 's up ? dano defiantly blow more smoke toward kimberly , then break into a unexpected cough fit - look over to see a hell angel laugh at hi m . the biker 's trashy girlfriend , also laugh , quickly flash her tit at dano over : mr. burroughs ( v.o. ) you car 's leak either transmission or brake fluid . I want you to have it check asap at a gas station . KIMBERLY you get it , dad . I will call you if I have a problem . mr. burroughs ( v.o. ) I mean it . take care of it . KIMBERLY I will , dad . bye , love you . kimberly pass a station wagon on she right , the driver squinting at a map while drive . a mattress and some furniture tie to the top shift as the wagon hit a bump . shaina um , kimberly , you dad 's not gonna call like every ten minute be he ? before kimberly can answer , dano see a chp speed up behind he . he lower the joint at once . dano ( hide bag of weed in pants ) shit ! there 's a cop behind we . pull into the right lane now ! kimberly , scared , do as she 's tell nearly collide with a speed flat bed semi haul a huge load of log ! a horn blast . the truck swerve . then speed by on the right . a coiled chain drop down to the highway . dano look first , idiot ! shaina turn up the radio and lean over to kimberly . shaina ignore them . on log truck one end of the rusty chain hold the log in place rattles on the pavement , sparking . look in she rearview mirror , kimberly turn pale - the cop pull in behind she . KIMBERLY dano , put that out now . dano take one last drag and flick the joint out the window . it bounce on the windshield of a ford expedition to they leave . inside the expedition kat , 28 , very corporate America , wear a navy blue power suit and speak into a phone headset while smoking a cigarette . kat no , I be stick on jury duty so I will not be able to pitch the campaign . let 's get silverstein to come in and ... kat see the joint that smoulder in the dry leave beneath she windshield wiper . a moment later , a small flame crackle . kat what the hell ? no , not you . kat flick on she windshield wiper fluid , successfully put out the joint , but she wear wiper smear ash and fluid around , impair she vision . kat turn and look at -- dano , dead serious all of a sudden . stare straight ahead . dano what 's the cop do ? do he see that ? kat see the tailgate chp , smile , then resume she conversation . kat forget it , I will call he myself . kat hang up , then look down at she cell phone , squint and dial a number ... pan off kat to officer thomas burke early 20' , rookie cop , who seem to have miss the entire exchange . inside the police car Thomas speak into he radio . thomas I be suppose to be off today . how do I get screw ? dispatcher ( o.s. ) no biggie . drake call in sick . thomas copy that . ( switch off ; annoyed ) go on , sleep it off drake . Thomas try to sip from a McDonald 's coffee cup on the dashboard , but it 's too hot . he place it back on the dash . the vibration of the road make the coffee cup slide closer and closer to the edge of the dashboard . back to kimberly's suv dano nervously look back . frankie relax , dude . but kimberly still look uneasy as she dashboard " check engine " light begin flicker . kimberly spot a road sign -- next service 18 mile . KIMBERLY this trip better be wor th it . what 's the guy - girl ratio again ? shaina get ready to smile , five guy per girl . KIMBERLY I can live with thaaaa -- kimberly stop mid-sentence when the white van in front of she suddenly slam on its brake and pull onto the shoulder for no reason . kimberly scream , swerving around the van just in time to avoid a accident . frankie instinctively shout at the van . frankie what 's you problem , ya fuckin ' crack baby ?! inside the white van isabella cruz , late 20' and very pregnant , drive a delivery van full of funeral wreath , cross and classic rise urn . most be mark : in memory of Flight 180 . she choke back sob into a cell phone as she pull over . isabella ... could not keep you dick in check for another month ? I know this would happen when I get pregnant . she pound the steering wheel , furious . isabella what would the doctor say ? I have to come in to test for std ? goddamn you , jorge . a crate in the back of she van topple over and crash and a flurry of sunflower petal sail out the window . isabella jump in surprise and , wiping tear from she eye , roll up the window as petal shower the visor of -- eugene , the harley Rider , who smear the petal ( and some squash bug ) around he visor and drop back . inside nissan suv kimberly fall back into the right lane and look uneasy as she see a truck driver guzzle from a flask as it pass the suv , revealing its side be a ad for firestone tire . it finally clear frame , revealing a highway billboard that read , " drunk drive kill . " kimberly reach back and pull on she seatbelt in spite of laughter from the back seat . up ahead , the rusty chain seem to have more give to it . log strain against it . suddenly , a black cloud of exhaust from a blue ' 83 chevette in front of they cause everyone to roll up they window . oil drip from its rusty exhaust pipe . the thick exhaust blind kimberly . frankie Gas it around this idiot . we do have 1200 mile to go , you know . kimberly tire to enter the pass lane , but she 's block by a suburu wagon . in the front seat , a seven - year old kid be sadistically smashing two toy car together . kimberly pass the suburu and pull up to a pacer . the harley roar by , startling she . inside pacer nora kesner , 35 , and she son tim , 15 . Tim drum on the dashboard with two ten-ounce naya bottle . nora Tim , will you cut that out ? I can not even hear myself think . Tim frown and then wince , hold he jaw . tim damn , it really hurt , Mom . nora I know , we will be there soon . Tim drop the naya bottle on the seat . one of they quietly fall to the floor , roll a bit , finally settling under the brake pedal . inside nissan suv kimberly be still behind the smoke-spew chevette . she pass it on the leave . frankie roll down he window . frankie ( yell to driver ) ever hear of the ozone layer , asshole ? inside chevette rory , 27 , lean down to snort a line of coke off a definitely leppard CD case . S he look up to see the patrol car be now behind he , he reflexively tap the brake . rory , eye like saucer , sit rigidly transfix at the wheel and nonchalantly wipe the CD clean on he pants . inside nissan suv she have drop back behind the chevette and chp car and be run down along side of a black tran am . up ahead she see the hig hway patrol car flick on its light and pull into the shoulder around the chevette and behind the semi load with log . inside the cop car as Thomas pull in behind the log truck , he coffee cup lurch forward , spilling hot coffee all over he lap and the floor . thomas Son of a bitch . inside tran am its driver , evan schaeffer , 21 , flash a cocky smile at kimberly , clearly make frankie jealous . frankie a tran be . that shit go out with New kid on the block . dano yeah . who do he think he be ? knight Rider ? frankie ( laugh ; then ) who ? frankie lean out and toss milkshake on Evan 's window . dano you know , hasselhoff before he do baywatch . Evan , piss off , flip off frankie . the windshield wiper smear around the thick milky fluid . the sun blind he . KIMBERLY what 's the chance of find a nice mature guy once we get to daytona ? shaina how do a nice mature fuck sound ? kimberly laugh , then lean in close to shaina . KIMBERLY hey , thanks for talk I into this trip . ever since my mom ... I dunno , I just feel like I be start to live again , you know ? shaina smile in understanding . inside police cruiser Thomas bend to wipe up the mess . he only glance at the road as he try to soak up the coffee . suddenly up ahead , the rusty chain snap ! the log roll off the side of the truck onto the highway . one bounce as it hit , and slam through Thomas ' front winshield and out the back , take Thomas ' head with it . eugene slam on he brake . his harley slide out and he be slammed to the ground , slide at 60 mile per hour across the highway , right in front of the yellow mini-bus . the mini - bus driver brake to avoid Eugene . the football player tumble forward and hit he in the head . he lose control and slide off the road onto the grass median . he blow a front tire and the mini-bus begin to flip , rolling several time int of the oncoming lane of traffic , and be hit by a mack truck . Eugene slide into a huge log , and hit it with a sicken crunch . only to be hit and crushed by he slide motorcycle . rory look up too late and rear end Thomas ' car , exploding the gas tank and hurling rory 's dead body halfway through the windshield where it remain half in / half onto the hood . kat , dial , look up , slam on she brake , but skid on oil from the chevette . she swerve into kimberly , side swipe she , then swerve to miss a huge log -- only to run head on into two more , flipping the expedition end over end right next to kimberly . kimberly swerve back from be hit by kat , just in time to see a huge log ahead . she try to turn hard to the right to avoid it , but hit it broadside -- send the suv flipping over the top of the log and sliding down the road . Inside , shaina , dano and frankie be toss around like rag doll , shred by glass and shrapnel -- frankie be ejected out the side window . kimberly 's suv slide to a stop on its side . she look back to she mangle but still alive friend and up in time to see nora' pacer nora see the collision ahead and slam on the brake but the fall naya bottle prevent she from brake , and she slam into the back of kat 's expedition . the crash test dummy collision fold she pacer and it explode into a huge fireball . evan , blind by the smear windshield , be too late . he swerve he tran be around the burn car onto the wet grass . kimberly see the topless tran be slowly roll out of a huge wall of FIRE and coast to a stop . Evan come up batter and bloody but still alive . he be trap in he burn car , scream and try to release the seatbelt . then , just when she think it be over , a huge semi slide thro ugh the wall of fire , smashing the tran be out of the way , spinning it like a top . with the back slide at 90 degree it keep on come . kimberly's Pov the semi 's grill come right at she ! cu on KIMBERLY she scream and we -- CUT to : the highway o N ramp - nissan suv - 8 minute earlier sweating profusely , kimberly 's eye dart around , take in she surroundings ... dano ( o.s. ) Flight 180 . you know , that plane crash with that kid from mount abraham . the Old woman bump the window - scare the shit out of everyone . the kid ad-lib " let 's go " and " Fucking freak ! " kimberly stare in horror as the Old woman flash a evil grin . kimberly 's eye lower to the bag of orange -- which break , exactly like before , and the Old woman scurries after they . the signal turn from red to flash yellow . frankie dano , should not we stop and help you mother ? dano blow I . yellow mean go , kimberly . kimberly hyperventilate in the driver 's seat . freaking . a yellow mini - bus with football player speed past . KIMBERLY oh my god , oh my god ... dano , confuse , roll a joint . shaina what be it ? what be you ? KIMBERLY there 's go to be a huge accident ! everyone 's gonna die . all of we ! I see it ! dano hum the twilight Zone theme . frankie that 's it . my turn to drive . close up - KIMBERLY scream ! and we're back the highway on ramp sweating profusely , kimberly 's eye dart around , take in she surroundings . dano ( o.s. ) Flight 180 . y'know , that plane crash with that kid from mt. abraham ? the Old woman bump the window - scare the shit out of everyone . the kid ad-lib " let 's go " , " Fucking freak . " kimberly stare in horror as the Old woman flash a evil grin . kimberly 's eye lower to the bag of orange , which break , exactly like before and the Old woman scurries after they . the signal turn from red to flash yellow . frankie dano , should not we stop and help you mother ? dano blow I . yellow mean go , kimmy . kimberly hyperventilate in the driver 's seat . freaking . a yellow mini - bus with football player speed by . KIMBERLY oh my God , oh my God ... dano , confuse , roll a joint . shaina what be it ? what be you ? KIMBERLY there 's go to be a huge accident ! everyone 's gonna die , all of we , I see it ! dano hum the twilight Zone theme . frankie that 's it . my turn to drive . honk ! the driver behind they start lean on they horn . kimberly lean out the window and see the chevette , the pacer , the White Van , the tran be , the harley ... all the familiar vehicle from the pile up . she turn on the radio , frantically scan the dial . shaina relax , you need to chill the fuck out . KIMBERLY highway to Hell , highway to Hell . shaina for Christ sake girl , take a breath . d.j. ( o.s. ) take you into a all request weekend with a classic from ac / DC . the open guitar riff to highway to hell blare from the speaker . kimberly turn to shaina with a " believe I know ? " look , but shaina 's nowhere near on the same page . honking behind they . kimberly , shaking like a leaf , pull the suv forward , turn it sideways to block off all traffic . dano what the hell be you do ? dano shift in he seat and see - a highway Pat rol car ominously cruise up the shoulder of the onramp . he shove a bag of weed , along with the joint , down he pants . dano five - o 's come ! let 's fuck roll , man ! Officer Thomas burke stop the car behind they . frankie Jesus Christ ! here he come ! move ! KIMBERLY no ! we will all die if we do ! the cop turn on he flasher . dano I tell you she would ruin everything ! shaina shut up , dano , just stay cool . ( to kimberly ) he 's just stone . Officer Thomas burke exit he car and approach the passenger side of the suv , hand on weapon . Thomas tap the window with he knuckle . thomas what 's go on here ? KIMBERLY ( incoherent , through tear ) there 's go to be a pile up . logs. body everywhere . I see it happen . it happen . Thomas look to the guy in back who shrug , " we do not know she . " thomas miss , please step out of the vehicle . as she do , Thomas discretely unsnap he holster . rory nervously eye the action . sneak a paper bundle into he sock . isabella , the pregnant woman in the White Van , get out . she give Thomas she friendliest smile , milk the pregnant belly . isabella Excuse I , but be there some way we could just drive around ? I have a delivery . her cell phone ring and she lean back inside to answer it . isabella hey hon , you get a mysterious caller on the answer machine from plann parenthood . what 's go on ? as she listen , grow agitate , the harley Rider dismount and pull off he helmet . revealing eugene dix , 35 , a nebbishy school teacher in cool leather . inside pacer nora watch the suv , distress . nora what on Earth be they do ? tim ( pick up two naya bottle ) who be I , David blane ? nora give Tim a hard stare , then they both break into smile . nora tousle he hair . and do not stop . tim ( good-nature laughter ) okay , quit it already . as he laugh , something pain he jaw and he wince . thomas be not quite sure what kind of insanity he 's deal with yet . dano and frankie , no help , stare dead ahead . KIMBERLY ( try to calm herself ) the radio play the same song , the old lady 's bag break the exact same way it do in my premonition . kimberly erupt into a panic when she see the log truck speed past . she grab at Thomas for emphasis . KIMBERLY that 's the truck that 's go to kill everyone ! thomas alright miss , calm down . I just need this lane open . I need you to pull you vehicle onto the shoulder ! KIMBERLY you be not listen to I ! you have to do something ! evan impatiently yell out the window of he tran am . evan arrest this whack - job , wouldja ? some of we have life , y'know . kimberly look to shaina for support , but even shaina can not meet she eye . KIMBERLY why will not anyone listen to I ? Thomas , subtly reach for he cuff . thomas I be not go to tell you to calm down again -- a series of crash and explosion be heard . in the distance . it 's neverend . horrific . kimberly 's face crumble . she scream in horror and collapse against the suv . Thomas run to he patrol car . the White Delivery Van make a J - turn out of the line of car and speed down the onramp in reverse , isabella scream angrily into she cell phone . isabella you could not keep you dick in check for a month ?! the other driver exit they car , craning they neck to see what 's happen up ahead . kat take a deep drag off she smoke . kat great , now I be really gonna be late . Thomas bark into the radio handset -- thomas L.A. 51 , I need assistance and request paramedics for a major t.a. at -- inside the suv frankie watch the traffic start to back up as a couple of pass car brake hard . shaina anxiously watch kimberly pace behind the suv . shaina kimberly , what 's go on ? kimberly move toward shaina 's window . as she lean she head into shaina 's window , a ominous breeze blow back they hair and we hear the blaring horn of a truck . and kimberly be unexpectedly yank backward by Thomas ! from nowhere , a shriek of brake as a jack - knife truck plow 's the suv across the frame ! crash ! Flying debris miss kimberly and Thomas by inch ! kimberly cry in horror into Thomas ' shoulder as she friend burn up in the wreckage . ext . police station - establishing shot int . police station - continuous chaos . Evan , the driver of the tran be , impatiently speak to detective suby , late 40s , professional with a open face that make he a great listener . evan I do not know what you want from I . some crazy chic k block the highway with she car , say there would be a accident and there be . Big deal . even a break watch be right twice a day ... Officer Thomas burke pass by , head into -- int . a room - continuous kat , Eugene , nora , Tim , and rory sit in a large room , wait to give statement . unlike Evan , this witness be clearly distraught . kat not to sound insensitive , but how much longer be this go to take ? eugene if I do not get back to my classroom soon , the kid will tear the room apart . nora that poor people . to think it would have be we if not for ... pan over to reveal KIMBERLY . she 's still in shock , she mind far away . Thomas sit close to she , speak softly . thomas tell I again how it start . KIMBERLY like I say , it be like I be there . I remember everything . the sound of the crash , the smell , the look on shaina 's face ... thomas do you remember what trigger it all ? KIMBERLY the log truck ... and everybody I guess . everyone be drive like a maniac . and somehow I know something horrible be go to happen , even before it do . something click for Thomas , but he force himself to speak calmly , like a lawyer lead a friendly witness . thomas you know ? you just mean a hunch , right ? a bad vibe , maybe ? the other driver stare at kimberly . KIMBERLY more than that . all the song on the radio be about car crash . some kid 's bang toy car together . ( lookin g at she ) she be dial she cell phone with she headset on . ( point to rory ) his car be leak oil all over the road . rory hey , do not be knockin' the chevette . but the other listen intently now . especially kat , who spy she headset bury deep in she purse . KIMBERLY billboards about accident . kid yell " pile up " for no reason . it all feel ... just wrong . just like ... ( swallow ; hesitates ) thomas like what ? kimberly sigh and look down . the room become eerily silent , except for the flicker of a florescent light . KIMBERLY I know this sound crazy ... but you all hear about Flight 180 , right ? the kid who get off the plane ? Thomas ' eye widen -- then a startling crash as rory , le aning back in he chair , tip over . Thomas roll he eye as rory grin sheepishly and pick himself up . thomas you mean Alex brown . KIMBERLY ( look down ) ... my premonition be just like he . nora what be you talk about ? eugene ( sarcastic ) oh , you must have read about that kid who have a dream about a plane crash so he get he buddy off the plane ? then the thing blow up just like in the dream ? nora maybe ... Eugene see nora and Tim be hook and speak in scary campfire tone . eugene but this be where it start to get freaky . so a month go by , everything seem cool , but then the survivor start die one boy one . ' Cause when you number 's up , it 's up , right ? some people say death itself start come for they , hunt down every last one , until they be all dead . everyone tense up . thomas well , not quite all of they . clear Rivers check herself into a padded room at stoneybrook . kimberly , affect , look to Thomas for confirmation . KIMBERLY you do believe I , do not you ? bang ! everyone jump as detective suby pound on the door and open it . detective suby Officer burke ? could I see you in here ? int . observation room - continuous the door open . detective suby enter , lead Thomas . through a two - way mirror , they can see the other chat anxiously . detective suby tell I you do not start up on that Flight 180 shit again . ( beat ) do you ? thomas of course not . that would be irresponsible and unprofessional . detective suby 's persistent glare make Thomas uncomfortable . thomas look , you be not there . it be weird . she know that log truck be gonna cause a accident , she know . ( beat ) never mind . detective suby I think we we be finish with this bullshit . this be police work , not the psychic hot line . but Thomas be not listen . he 's glue to kimberly 's word . when detective suby realize this , he stop and listen . kimber ly but if I be never mean to pull over , then we all should have die in the pile up . tim which mean death could be come for we . detective suby look piss of ff . detective suby Way to console the witness burke . at the same time , we watch Evan enter the other room , grab he jacket and wave goodbye to the other . detective suby you get them think death be after they ? shit , they be the luckiest son o' bitch on the planet . get this guy Evan shaeffer ; yesterday the kid win the lotto and today some looney bitch b lock traffic and he avoid the worst pile up in year . I should be so damn unlucky . int . a room - continuous kimberly , nora , Tim , kat , Eugene and rory now seem affect by what they have hear . kat what if it 's true ? what if it 's happen all over again ? the fluorescent light above flicker ominously . nora , disturb , stand up in a huff , grab Tim 's arm . nora you be all certifiable , you know that ? I can not believe I have be listen to this crap . come on , Tim , let 's go outside . tim jeez , Mom , stop trippin ' . eugene look lady , we be just yankin ' you chain . rory yeah , you be act like we all just get the diff'rent stroke curse or something . Eugene and rory burst out laughin g . nora shake she head , disgust . nora what 's wrong with you people ? nora pull a reluctant Tim out of the room . as she open the door , the other watch detective suby and Thomas appear from nowhere to calm she down . when the door swing shut , a awkward silence . suddenly , the door open again and Thomas lead Mr. burrough inside . Mr. burrough see kimberly and choke back tear . mr. burroughs kimberly ... the sight of she fath er cry be enough to make kimberly 's own dam burst . she rush over to he and bury she head in he chest , sobbing . mr. burroughs can I take she home ? Thomas nod . detective suby sure , you can all go . by now , the fluorescent light flicker out of control . when rory , kat and Eugene stand up , Thomas look helpless . kat first I be stick with jury duty , now this nonsense . rory yeah , I hate to love and leave ya , but I have be over this X - file shit since the sixth season . as Thomas watch they file out , the fluorescent light pop . then darkness . int . kitchen - day kimberly sit at the table . Mr. burrough set down a cup of tea before she . both be shake . KIMBERLY I know it 's crazy , but I be really scared for the other . I have get this terrible feel . mr. burroughs what feel ? KIMBERLY that it 's not over yet . she pick up the tea , it clatter in she tremble hand . mr. burroughs Don 't worry . everything will be fine , you will see . int . evan's stairwell - day a dingy singly light bulb illuminate the narrow stairwell . Evan appear in the darkness , carry a brand new television with some package on top . he 's unable to 's ee the long rickety stairwell he climb . the stair be litter with chinese take out menus and a tonka truck apparently leave by some kid . as Evan slowly climb the staircase , a fat man come down , force Evan to lean against - the railing - which creak and bend . after the fat man pass , Evan slowly continue up again , tearing he shirt on a nail . evan motherfucker . a HEATING duct click on . the air blow a tonka truck slowly toward the center of the staircase , directly in Evan 's path - but Evan just miss it ! he continue past more toy , near the top stair - the airduct cough , send menus flutter toward Evan 's foot and he slip on they ! he juggle the tv - but ultimately rights himself and continue down the hallway . int . evan's apartment - continuous dim , cheap , probably roach -infest . as Evan enter , the small package fall off the tv box and onto the floor . Evan place the tv by the door , look at he tear shirt , but fuck it , who care ; he 's on a natural high . he peel he shirt off , revealing he pierce nipples , flick on the radio and dance he way over to the fridge and grab a drink . in the tiny kitchenette area , a small swarm of fly hover over a grease - fill fry pan . Evan recoil , throw open the window and throw the grease to the sidewalk five storey below . a ominous breeze enter -- and a kitchen cabinet slowly blows OPEN . some fork and knive slide forward on poorly stack plate . daring to fall into the toaster . Evan spill some cooking oil on the range while pour it into the fry pan , then dump in some freeze mozzarella stick . Evan put the fry pan on the stove and turn it on high . he then grab a container of chinese food and rest it on the counter next to the fridge . on the fridge , several colorful magnet spell out hey E. push in on the h - which mysteriously drop into the chinese food - the word ey E remain . oblivious , Evan put the food in the microwave and turn it on . angle on stove the cooki no oil creep toward the range ... Evan hit play on he answer machine and rush across the room to tear open he package ... voice ( o.s. ) dude ! you suck ! you buy one fuck ticket in you whole life and win twenty grand ? we be go whore in Prague , you know this ! ( whisper ) hold on , the boss be come . a click , then hold muzak : ac / DC 's highway to hell . angle on magnet in chinese of od . sparking . it pop and fizzle . and ugly sound . as many similar message continue , Evan unwrap a new rolex ! he slide it over he wrist , admire it . angle on knife lazily slide off the shelf and into the toaster , protrude about a inch and a half . hardly noticeable . by now , Evan have open the next package ; a gaudy gold and diamond encrust horseshoe ring . he carry the ring into the kitchenette , see the chinese food be flaming , and he hand flash out to turn it off -- a SMALL explosion from the microwave startles he . the ring fall into he drain / garbage disposal ! evan damn it ! Evan reach into the drain , he finger search for the ring . when he try to pull he hand back out , the rolex catch . another small explosion from the microwave , this one crack the glass . a solo plastic Cup nearby begin to melt . flame sputter around the rim of the fry pan . in moment , the oil from the pan ignite . a small fire . Evan see all this and yank with all he might . no use . as the FIRE slowly spread to nearby cereal box , Evan start to panic . he continue yanking ... stuck . he see a bottle of palmolive on the other end of the counter . his finger reach for it . slightly out of he grasp . but he fingertip be just long enough to knock the bottle backwards - where it rest against two switch . the FIRE alarm go off . the phone ring . Evan desperately lift he leg and try to use he foot to edge the palmolive over . by push the bottle up against the wall , it threaten to turn on one of the switch . angle on finger in the garbage disposal . a switch be flip - but the light go on . and the palmolive lazily fall , rest on the remain switch . evan come on , come on ... Evan make one last push with he foot - accidently flipping the switch - the garbage disposal grind metal ! Evan , horrify , miraculously yank he hand free , brush against the knife in the toaster . when the SHOCK go through Evan 's body , he other hand jerk out , knock the flame fry pan to the floor . the entire kitchen be in flame , include the new tv block the door . the window slam shut ! the room fill with smoke . evan Jesus Christ ! Evan grab a fire extinguisher . a mere dribble of foam come out . he begin coughing in the smoke . Evan try the window - stuck ! he have no choice but to smash the kitchenette window with the fire extinguisher to get to the fire escape . he do op the fire extinguisher , start to climb out the window , hear a creak and look up just as -- a large jag shard of glass come crashing down at he -- Evan jump back just in time as it shatter before he . the fire completely engulf the kitchen . he bravely jump through the window pane , landing on the fire escape . he run down the fire escape from floor to floor . a large blast from he window shower he with glass and brick shrapnel , but ultimately , he make it to the fire escape 's lowest level , intact . he try to lower the rusty metal ladder to the ground . it budge once , then twice , but will not go down . so he climb over the railing and gently drop to the ground . safe and sound , he breathes a sigh of relief and turn to walk -- suddenly he 's lip on the very grease he throw out the window , he leg shoot out from under he and he land on he back . the rusty ladder suddenly dislodge and hurl downward -- come right for Evan 's face -- but stop halfway ! as Evan laugh , breathe a final sigh of relief , it suddenly plummet again -- impale Evan through he eye socket ! int . police station - computer room - night Thomas sit at the computer terminal . he check to make sure no one 's watch as he enter a search for Alex brown . ten website come up , all devote to the Flight 180 curse . Thomas scroll around , see the death pix and autopsy photo of Flight 180 " survivor " . headline blare , " freak Accident ? " " bizarre coincidence ? " describe the way the victim die . as Thomas begin a localize search of the word , " premonition " -- spooky humming from behind he . Thomas whirl around to see det. suby look over he shoulder , hum the music from a old monster movie . suby press one hand to he forehead , the other polish a apple against he vest . detective suby ( as if entrance ) ooooh , I see it now . you future ... a transfer to another department . suby bite the apple , casually offer nothing more . Thomas , embarrassed , flick off the computer , stand . thomas you have make you point . detective suby good . Cause we just get some new info and I do not not ed you get freaky on I . thomas what ? detective suby Evan shaeffer 's dead . guess he be not as lucky as we think . detective suby shrug and walk away , munch the apple . Thomas look stunne . int . kat be room - night kat cradle a phone to she shoulder . she watch television and crush oreos into a bowl of ice - cream . kat no , Mom . just turn on any station , they have be play it all day . ( beat ; roll she eye ) yes , mother . Channel four will do just fine . here it be , gotta go . she hang up the phone , mesmerize by the report : footage from a helicopter show the pile up wreckage . anchor man ( v.o. ) Route 18 be back up for almost nine hour today when a record break pile up ... int . nora' live room - continuous nora and Tim watch the same report . anchor man ( v.o. ) ... kill a estimate 18 people . emergency crew spend hour sifting through the wreckage . int . eugene's live room - continuous Eugene look up from grade midterm bluebook to watch . anchor man ( v.o. ) ... hope to recover any survivor from this tragic collision . so far , the police be refuse to release the name of the victim until they family be notify . int . kimberly's house - continuous Mr. burrough numbly watch the same report . he do not see kimberly enter behind he from the kitchen . anchor woman ( o.s. ) the camera of a highway patrol car manage to catch this shocking footage -- b/w camera footage from Thomas ' car show Thomas tackle kimberly to the ground just as a jack - knife truck plow into the suv . mr. burroughs my Lord ... a gasp from behind he . Mr. burrough spin to see kimberly fight back tear and pick up the remote , prepare to click of the tv -- but she stop he . KIMBERLY do not . I have to see this . Mr. burrough reluctantly keep the newscast on . int . rory' apartment - continuous it 's a party . rory , surround by buddy , shake a triumphant fist at the television . he whoops with delight , spilling popcorn everywhere . rory whoohoo ! you see that shit ? right there ? that 's my fuckin ' car right there ! oh God , that 's dope . after high - five he peep , he bend to table level and snort a freshly chop line . anchor man ( o.s. ) in other news , a freak accident take the life of a lotto winner . rory look up to see the dmv photo of Evan . as he take in the report , he mood radically shift . he look like he 's be hit by a train . montage of kimberly , nora , Tim , Eugene and kat watch . they all take the news very hard as the footage show Evan 's body be carry away by emt worker . Eugene , however , shake he head sadly but go back to grade blue book . tim' bedroom - later Tim 's eye be glue to the latest Stephen King novel . nora peer in . nora come on , Tim , light out already . Tim start at she voice , then reluctantly put down the book . tim Mom ? nora yeah ? tim you think ... you think that guy be b.s. - ing we today or what ? nora swallow , try to seem brave . nora oh , please . some people just need some serious rewiring , that 's all . but neither of they be convinced . nora get some sleep . nora kiss he forehead and leave the room . after she leave , Tim open he nightstand drawer , pull out a dusty nightlight and plug it in . int . nora' bedroom - moment later nora close she bedroom door . and lock it . she nervously check the closet and even lower the blind . finally , she take out a business card and dial a number . she hang up , then dial again . nora Officer burke , please ? int . kimberly's room - continuous Mr. burrough tuck a still - shake kimberly into bed . in one of he hand be a nearly empty glass of scotch . KIMBERLY it 's okay , dad . I be not ten anymore . Mr. burrough catch himself be overprotective . mr. burroughs I be sorry . I be just so happy that you be safe . KIMBERLY I love you too , dad. goodnight . but Mr. burrough be not ready to leave . he finish he drink . mr. burroughs you know , after you mother die ... kimberly tense , brace for the worst . mr. burroughs there be so many time I do not think I could last another day . I can not even tell you some of the thing I th ought about . KIMBERLY I use to have that feeling , too . but that 's when I would think of Mom . her strength ... and courage . and I would pray that maybe I would grow up to be as brave as she be . and the bad thought would go away . mr. burroughs ( choke up ) I do not know what I would do if I lose you . Mr. burrough lean over , kiss she forehead and leave . just as he 's out the door , he brace at the distant sound of a car skidding out of control . the endless screech be nerve shatter . Mr. burrough stand freeze , tensing for the inevitable crunch . but there be none . and he leave . dissolve to : int . kimberly's room - night the room be dark except for one burn candle . kimberly toss and turn . the wind send a single branch scraping against she window . a porch swing squeak back and forth . add to she anxiety . a breeze enter , sputtering out the candle . kimberly sit upright in bed and see the window be shut . huh ? she light a match and see the candle wax drip onto she table , form the gooey shape of a ...180 ? the match go out in she hand . the room be dark again . headlights fr om pass car cast eerie shadow on she ceiling . shadows resembling plane seem to transform into a skull . kimberly , freak out , look around to see the blink light from the vcr : it flash 18:0 a few time , then 12:00 . she can not take it anymore . she yank the vcr cord from the wall and flick on the light , ridding the room of shadow . and anxiously turn on she computer . ext . stoneybrook hospital - day kimberly drive a beat up Hyundai through a eerie morning mist that surround the grounds of the stoneybrook Hospital . angle on a computer printout in the shotgun seat : mapquest direction to " stoneybrook Hospital " . as kimberly drive through the gate , the mist almost seem to follow she inside . a sign offer a choice between " emergency / medica l Care " or " psychiatric treatment Center . " kimberly drive to the mental ward . int . mental ward - day a physician in a lab coat lead a nervous kimberly down the center of a long corridor . the physician consult a clipboard . physician ... at the request of the patient , you be to relinquish any sharp object such as nail file , pencil , pen , safety pin , bobby pin , no match , lighter , belt , belt buckle , earring , choker , shoelace ... kimberly watch carefully as the physician come to a door and punch " 4514 " into the electronic lock . they continue down another corridor . light flicker , patient cackle and moan in the b.g. physician ... paper clip , watch , food , drink , key , poison , pill and medication . ( look at kimberly ) you have a cell phone on you ? kimberly nod , hand it over . physician then I think we be all do . they arrive at a door to a padded room . the physician punch in another code . KIMBERLY wait . be she ... dangerous or something ? physician no honey , but she expect you be . KIMBERLY Jesus , how long be you go to keep she lock up this way ? physician depend on she , I guess . she 's voluntary . the door hiss open . int . clear' padd room - continuous reveal clear river while still beautiful , this young woman bear few trace of she former self . her eye dart around suspiciously , madden by chronic paranoia . her hair be patchy , she eye dark and haunt . border on savage . her movement be fidgety , erratic , always distract by something unseen . KIMBERLY clear Rivers ? clear look kimberly up and down and step back , allow she inside she inner sanctum . a mattress on the floor , a plastic bottle of water , some paperback and a bedpan . kimberly 's jaw drop when she see the far wall : a shrine to flight 180 . the wall be paper with art icle about all the survivor ( as see in the open title montage ) . the door slam . kimberly jump . clear kimberly burrough , eh ? what do you want ? KIMBERLY I think ... I think you might be able to help I . clear ( snicker ) yeah , how ? KIMBERLY I have a premonition about the Route 18 pile up . .. I save some people . and now I think death be after I . clear Nice work . maybe if you be real lucky , you will wind up in here with I . ( give kimberly the once over ) but I doubt you will survive that long . kimberly flinch . KIMBERLY it 's not just about I . someone I save die last night in a freak accident . what if the other be in danger , too ? clear well , if you put they on the list , they be already tit up . KIMBERLY what list ? clear death 's list . the precise order you be go to die in . clear 's eye bore into a terrify kimberly 's . clear the survivor of Flight 180 die in the exact order they be originally mean to die in the plane crash . that be death 's original design . KIMBERLY ( sudden realization ) exact order ? then I be next ! I be mean to die with my friend , so I be next ! clear back away from kimberly as if she be lethal , then stop short . clear but you say someone else die last night . that mean death skip past you . someone must have intervene . ( off kimberly 's confusion ) sometime yesterday you must have nearly die , but someone save you . kimberly nod , recalling the event . KIMBERLY Officer burke pull I away from the crash that kill my friend . clear congratufuckinglation . that make you last to go . but do not worry , once the other be dead , it will come back for you . always do . KIMBERLY that still do not make sense . you say you die in the same order you be originally mean to . but Evan shaeffer die last in my premonition , not first . clear seem very disturb by that . clear it 's move backwards ? be you sure ? kimberly reluctantly strain to remember something ... hard CUT to : the final moment of the pile up nora 's pacer fold like a accordion , then explode , follow by Evan scream in the tran be , which get creamed by the semi ! back to : kimberly , shake , do the math . KIMBERLY yes . in my premonition that nora woman and she kid die first , then Evan and then ... my friend . clear be oblivious when kimberly break into silent sob . clear backward ... that 's new . clear see kimberly cry and soften . clear that 's good . get all you tear out now , you will need you eye . ( off kimberly 's confusion ) for the sign . KIMBERLY Signs ? clear if you have the same power as Alex , you will be see sign soon . when you see anything creepy or ominous , a in - you - face irony kinda thing ? do not ignore it . it usually mean the difference between life and death . KIMBERLY ( to herself ) the song on the radio . ( to clear ) but wait . I do not understand . why be this even happen to I ? clear that 's what Alex use to ask himself right up until ... for a instant , we see a gentle side of clear . KIMBERLY it 's obvious you know what you be talk about . you beat it . you have to help we . clear suddenly toughen up , a abrupt mood shift . clear I do not beat it ; I hide from it . if you be smart you would put a down payment on a burial plot and say goodbye to the dog , because what little life you have leave be over as you know it . do not make new friend , do not fall in love , and do not ever bother try to save other . that 's the worst killer of they all . KIMBERLY how can you say that ? what kind of monster be you ? at once , clear , enraged , be in she face , speak through clench tooth . clear my family be dead . my friend be dead . and Alex ... clear angrily peel a Polaroid off the wall and show it to kimberly . while we do not see the photo , kimberly 's horrify face paint a gruesome picture on its own . clear and yes , that 's the blade of a fuck ceiling fan in he head . clear pound on the door , apparently do with kimberly . a guard open the door . kimberly , devastate , turn to leave , then summon she courage and turn back to clear . KIMBERLY know what ? I think you be a coward . I think you hide out in here because you be too damn bitter and selfish to care about another live soul . in my opinion , you be already dead . kimberly leave , give clear something to think about . ext . kimberly's house - day as kimberly pull into she driveway , she 's surprised to see a strange car park there . then -- thomas , wear street clothes , peer through the front window of the house . he guiltily back away as kimberly get out . thomas I try call last night but you father -- KIMBERLY Evan shaeffer 's dead . thoma 's nod and lean against the large glass window that reflect the sky behind they . thomas I know . I have get call all morning from everyone who be on the onramp . we be all meeting at my apartment tonight . KIMBERLY then you believe all this ?? that death be work off a list ? Thomas hesitates before answer . thomas I do not . until I be dispatch to clean up one of the Flight 180 survivor . KIMBERLY clean up ? I do not ... suddenly through the reflection of the window glass , kimberly see hundred of pigeon dive bomb she at once ! like a scene out of the bird , kimberly must duck and cover as the pigeon assault she from every angle . but when kimberly turn away from the reflection , toward the actual pigeon , they 're gone . all in her head . KI mberly do you see that ?? Thomas , concerned for she , see nothing . KIMBERLY pigeon ... it 's a sign ! if clear 's right about the order , then nora and Tim be go to be attacke d by pigeon ! thomas I be not follow you -- KIMBERLY they be next on the list . we have to find they . ext . medical complex - day angle on woman 's N ike shoe on a down -move escalator . reveal nora take she son Tim to a dentist 's office . the shoelace snag on a bolt of one of the steel side panel , untying it ... tim ( mischievous smile ) you think the tooth fairy 's gonna come tonight ? I be thinkin ' like fifteen buck . nora Nice try , kiddo . Tim smile , then wince from the pain in he mouth . the dangling shoelace head straight for the escalator grate . it get swallowed up . as Tim step off , nora trip forward . her catch sneaker be pull tighter into the innard of the metal staircase . tim Mom ! Tim watch helplessly as nora reach down , tug ging at she sneaker , fear mount . Tim also grab she sneaker and yank . finally , the shoelace snap , and nora 's free again . tim you okay ? nora put on a brave face and begin tie one long shoelace to the stubby one . nora sure hon . I be fine . let 's shake it , we be late . Tim nod . the wind pick up as they continue past a -- construction crew who apply industrial suction cup to large , thick sheet of plate glass . Tim stare in childlike fascination as they pass jackhammers , a cement mixer , and a excavator . int . clear' padd room - day clear Rivers apply fun - tack to the back of a newspaper article and stick it on the wall devote to Flight 180 . reveal a photo of Eva , " lotto winner kill by ladder " . clear back away , pause to look at a group photo of the Survivors of Flight 180 just before take off . smiling face . tim not so much . Dr. lee keep a skeptical smile to himself . int . waiting room - continuous the receptionist appear next to the fall fish food with a vacuum . she plug it in a outlet below the fishtank . a startling grind as the vacuum turn on and cough up a nail . she vacuum up the fish food around nora 's foot . the dead fish get suck into the water filter in the fishtank which sputter and stop . the water level rise , spilling water over the side of the tank . the water trickle closer to the outlet . ext . suburban STREET - day Thomas drive he car into a friendly neighborhood . kimberly , riding shotgun , hang up she cell phone . KIMBERLY turn around . the clean woman say they be at the dentist 's . 14th and Main . thomas hold on . Thomas expertly skid into a u-turn . int . dentist office - continuous Tim look petrify as Dr. lee unveil a tray full of pic , carver and extracting forcep . the ka- chung of construction outside make it im possible to concentrate , but , hand tremble slightly , Dr. lee pick up a pic and mirror and start examine Tim 's mouth . cu of pic gently prodding Tim 's tooth . dr . lees ( o.s. ) I be a little disappointed , Tim . do you mom know you have be smoking ? Tim groan " uh - uh " , then suddenly flinch . dr . lees ( o.s. ) yeah , that will have to be fill . a bang from the window startles Dr. lee . his hand jerk , but luckily the pic be remove from Tim 's mouth . Dr. lee whip around in time to see a pigeon flutter away from the window . dr . lees Jesus . every day at the same damn time . now this will only sting for a moment . Dr. lee pick up a large syringe and move it toward Tim 's open mouth . dr . lees open big. wiiiiider ... Tim 's eye radiate fear . the mouth open . reluctantly . Tim nervously eye the window as the needle enter ... angle on needle head toward he gumline -- bang ! another pigeon take a header into the reflection . Dr. lee ' hand jerk , nearly jabbing Tim 's tongue . Tim squirm violently . Dr. lee look towards the window angrily . dr . lees how the hell do they expect I to ... would you rather have the laugh gas ? Tim nod he head ferociously . dr . lees Jean ? I need you in here . ( wait ) Jean ??! int . waiting room - continuous Jean continue vacuume . the vacuum make contact with nora 's foot . int . dentist office - continuous after a minute , Dr. lee angrily switch on two compressor : oxygen and nitrous oxide . by now , the no mask have be attach around Tim 's nose . as Tim drift off , Dr. lee lower a drill into he mouth . dr . lees open big . wiiiiiider . excruciate sound of the drill go through enamel . intercut KIMBERLY and thomas Racing to the medical complex throughout . the waiting room the water trickle into the outlet . the vacuum spark and die just as -- back in dr . lees ' office bang ! sfx : broken glass - it sound like a pigeon finally crash through the window . in the other room . dr . lees goddamn it already . Dr. lee march out of the room to investigate . another quick electrical surge and the oxygen compressor flutter off . the needle drop . but the nitrous flow remain strong . angle on fish mobile spin from a new breeze . suddenly , a small round puffer fish fall directly into Tim 's mouth . Soft , gurgle and choke . int . waiting room - continuous nora stare at a pigeon with a break wing frantically try to fly right . Dr. lee make a half - heart attempt to soothe and catch it . back in dr . lees ' office slow dolly up to Tim . choke , gurgle . his eye be open , but roll up . his hand limply reach up ... then drop . sound of commotion in the next room seem to fade away as we continue we slow dolly into Tim 's eye . they glaze over ... the choke stop . and a hand reach into frame and pull the puffer fish out of Tim 's mouth . reveal jean look petrify at the close call , look around to make sure nobody see ... ext . medical complex - later nora and Tim , feel better now , walk past the construction crew . a crane operator smile at Tim , who smile back . from across the mall , the tiny run figure of kimberly and Thomas appear in the dis tance , point and scream . tim what be they do here ? and why be they yell " pigeon " ? just then , Tim and nora walk into a large cluster of pigeon who suddenly burst into flight , startling the crane Operator , whose hand inadvertently jerk a lever - a metallic chain rattle fill the air and Tim look up just as a huge sheet of glass plummet downward toward he and crush he , he mangle body visible underneath . as two pearly white roll around on the sidewalk , nora scream . dissolve to : ext . medical complex - later emergency vehicle everywhere . Thomas seem exhaust as he walk back to kimberly , who stand by he car . in the bg , emt load a stretcher into a ambulance . thomas ( shaking he head ) nora 's not come . she refuse to leave she son . KIMBERLY we have to tell she she 's in danger ! thomas ( sadly ) I do . and right now , I do not think she care . ext . kimberly's house - day Thomas ' car turn into the driveway and park . kimberly hold up she hand and watch it tremble . KIMBERLY it 's happen again . it 's fuck happen again . I hope we would get there and they would be okay , that clear Rivers be full of shit and Evan 's death be just a freak accident ... Thomas kill the engine to listen . KIMBERLY but we be all go to die . we can not stop it . it 's just a matter of time . I be so scared . Thomas take she hand and squeeze 's it reassuringly . thomas I be too . but you can use that fear . it will sharpen you instinct . keep you alert for sign . it 's the only way you will be able to sav e the other ... and I . kimberly , seem overwhelm , pull she hand back . Thomas sense he 's lose she , and soften she approach . thomas I know you do not ask for any of this , kimberly . but I do not think you have it in you to quit either . kimberly stare straight ahead , the weight of the world sink in . bang ! a startling pound on the roof of Thomas ' car . kimberly jump , then spin around to see : clear river - stand in the driveway . a determine , powerful presence . kimberly exit the car . a moment where kimberly and clear stare each other down . KIMBERLY clear / Thomas . Thomas / clear . clear nod absently to Thomas , still focus on kimberly . KIMBERLY ( bitter ) the second one just die . a 16 year old kid . clear ( nod ; a faint trace of guilt ) I hope you be ready for this . ext . funeral home - day Thomas ' car pull into a partially fill parking lot . kimberly , Thomas and clear file out and head to the door . KIMBERLY this be cheery . thomas who be this guy , anyway ? clear a mortician . he seem to know a hell of a lot more about death than he ever tell we . thomas should we knock ? clear ( look ill ) he probably already know we be come . int . funeral home - moment later kimberly , Thomas and clear open the large wooden door into a small chapel , creat ing a loud creak . a corpse in a open casket sit at the front of the chapel , post - wake . kimberly , Thomas and clear be force to walk around the dead body to get to a side door . int . corridor - moment later the three slowly edge towards a room at the end of a creepy hallway . a orange glow flicker from the far room . the unmistakable sound of a furnace make it all the more eerie . as they near the door , they be able to see inside the room ; the shadow of a figure loom against a steel oven . they edge closer . they peek inside the -- int . crematorium oddly there be no one there . as they enter , pass the furnace , a momentary whoosh of flame startles they all ! they jump back - bump right into : mr . bludworth , the dark , sinister mortician from fd1 , who have inexplicably appear behind they . mortician hello , clear . I have be keep a eye out for you . the mortician roll a metal gurney carry evan's eyeless body toward the fire oven . kimberly and Thomas be scared . KIMBERLY oh my God . that 's Evan shaeffer . clear , however , seem to expect nothing less . mortician come to ... pick my brain ? the mortician slide a gleam set of medical plier into Evan 's mouth . and yank out a gold tooth . kimberly recoil as he discard the bloody tooth on a metal tray . mortician ( to kimberly ) flesh and bone require 1,600 degree for cremation . gold , prosthetics and other metal must be remove before the final -- clear ( not fall for this again ) just a simple question and we will leave you alone with you new friend . the mortician grin ; he like the new clear . he cross the room and hit a lever . ka - chunk ! the oven begin to blaze . mortician Fire away . clear how do you cheat death once and for all ? the mortician , recross the room , pass kimberly and stoops down to sniff , no inhale , a terrify kimberly 's essence . mortician Dead . but still fresh . kimberly shudder as the mortician move back to Evan 's body . clear have have about enough . clear ( to the mortician ) look , we drive a long way to get here . so if you happen to know how to get this death monkey off we back , it sure would be swell if you tell we . the mortician now clamp the plier around Evan 's nipple ring . mortician for what purpose ? you seek a back way out of a room with but one door . you can not cheat death ; there be no escape . clear bullshit . you tell I death have a distinct design , a blueprint , unalterable . but Alex and I cheat death not once , but dozen of time . if the design be flaw , it can be beat . a sick smile cross the mortician 's lip . he yank the nipple ring off ! kimberly look on both horrify and awed when clear do not flinch back from the plier , where a bloody nub dangle . mortician such fire in you now . people be always most alive just before they die . do not you think ? clear step back from he , hate flash in she eye . clear it can be beat . and you know it . creeeaaak - slam ! the mortician roll Evan 's body into the oven . mortician some say that there be a balance to everything . a equilibrium that be the connective tissue of the universe . they say that for every lif e there be a death , and for every death a life ... his word hang in the air . a ominous breeze enter . mortician solus novus anima licet evinco mortis ; only new life can defeat death . ( off they confusion ) the list of life be forever set by the Divine plan , the guide hand that plot the course of the universe , down to its tiniest element 's . Thomas look to clear ; what 's he talk about ? the mortician focus on kimberly as if the other have cease to exist . mortician the list account for every life ; from the dawn of man to the great apocalypse . but the introduction of life that be not mean to be , a soul forbidden to roam the earth , that could invalidate death 's list , shatter its very existence . Evan 's other eye pop , startling Thomas and kimberly . thomas what the hell do that mean ? mortician ( with finality ) to figure that out you will have to follow the sign s. the mortician grab kimberly . mortician but be warn . to disrupt the grand design be to unravel the tapestry of the universe . when you pull all the thread apart , you may find yourself hang from they . the mortician finally let kimberly go . clear one last question . why be death work backwards this time ? the mortician glance at he watch - Evan 's bran d new rolex . mortician ( shake head ; a sick smile ) sorry , time 's up . ext . gas station - day close up - gas dripping from the nozzle in Thomas ' car . Thomas fill the tank , watch for sign of danger . clear 's hand be poise over the gas pump ' emergency CUT - off valve some skate rat exit the mini - mart with a pack of camel , follow by kimberly , who carry a couple of Red bull and hand they out . thomas New life defeat death ? follow the sign ? where the hell do you find that guy ? KIMBERLY yeah , I think he be suppose to be helpful . clear he be . if we can use you ability to see the sign , we can cheat death long enough to figure out what " new life " mean . ( off they look ) I know , it worry I that I understand he . Thomas top off the tank . some gas spill to the ground . Quick look all around -- sure enough , one of the skate rat be about to strike a match . clear' hand slap the kid in the back of the head , stop he mid - motion . clear what the fuck be you think ? the startle skate Rat shrink back from clear 's rage . skate rat I be thinkin' , suck my junk , bee yatch . Thomas chuckle to himself and look at kimberly who -- smash CUT to : ext . lake - day Pov driver . grease - cover female hand reach out toward a steering wheel of a white van speed out of control toward a lake ! the van crash through a railing and plunge into the water . in moment , the van fill with water , the driver inside trap . drown . horrible . smash CUT to : int . gas station - day KIMBERLY come to Thomas ' arm - gasping uncontrollably for breath . terror - stricken . she begin hyperventilate . thomas what be it ? what do you see ? it 's so bad , kimberly can not speak . she cough and gag as if recently drown . clear scan the perimeter for immediate danger . quick cut : a power repairman on a cherry picker mess with the transformer , a lawn boy pull - start a weed whacker close to break glass , a mechanic on a tall ladder change out the gas price number , a female dog WALKER with three dog approach the ladder . clear you have to tell we now . KIMBERLY I ...i ... clear shake she head by the shoulder and bark command like a angry drill sergeant . clear you be strong . do you hear I ? you be a fuck warrior . nothing scare you . in fact you happen to be the single most powerful woman on earth . now what do you see ? the word slowly take affect . kimberly become center , get she breath back , and speak without a hitch . KIMBERLY I be drive a white van . it must have go out of control because it crash into a lake and I drown . it be ... horrible . clear you be there ? KIMBERLY I can practically taste the water in my throat . and something else . the smell of flower ... clear ( confuse ) then it be not just a sign . it be a premonition ? Thomas gently release she , pace . thomas remember the onramp ? there be a pregnant woman in a white delivery van . clear Holy shit . he say " only new life can defeat death . " ( off look ) if she give birth to a baby that be never mean to be bear , a brand new soul that be never part of death 's Design ... KIMBERLY it throw the entire death list out of whack . and a new list have to be rewritten for rom scratch . we all start over with a clean slate . thomas it sound all well and good , but what if we be wrong ? clear please , what else could it mean ? KIMBERLY ( to Thomas ) so if you give we the pregnant lady 's number , we can warn she about the lake and she will live long enough to have the baby . clear so let 's do it . thomas ( realization ) shit , I do not have she number . she be never interview . she take off right after the accident . KIMBERLY how be we go to find she ? there must be thousand of white van in this state . thomas hey , I be a police officer , remember ? int . a/ V room - police station - later Thomas work a vcr , scan backward through the video footage from the patrol car camera . we see the suv 's explosive collision with the jack - knife semi . kimberly be take by surprise by the sight of the crash . KIMBERLY oh God ... Thomas see kimberly and quickly flick off the monitor . thomas I , uh ... sorry . kimberly notice clear watch she and toughen up . she force back the tear and qui ckly wipe the rest away . KIMBERLY I know , I know . we need my eye . clear sit beside kimberly . clear it 's all right . I will take watch . kimberly look grateful , and a moment pass between they , but she 's already bury the need to cry . KIMBERLY I be okay . just catch I by surprise . put it back on . clear do , watch the car seemingly pass in reverse . clear make sure all this people will be at the meeting tonight . thomas taken care of . the monitor back , back , back until the patrol car slowly creep backwards down the onramp . KIMBERLY there it be . thomas get it . Thomas hit play and we see footage from the patrol car cruise past the White Van . a clean shot of the license plate . jackpot . as Thomas slide he chair to a data base and type in the plate number , the pause function dislodge , slowly advance the tape frame by frame . clear I do not get it . why be everything happen so fast ? after Flight 180 . a month go by before anyone die . and now five people be dead in less than a day . Thomas ' computer screen finally fill with information . thomas here we go . the vehicle 's a delivery van register to jorge and isabella Cruz . and Christ , there 's almost a dozen domestic disturbance complaint on this two . clear we need to hurry . they all get up and leave . ominously , the monitor show the next vehicle creep behind nora 's pacer - a white van ! int . cruz house - night Thomas pull up to a upper-middle class house . Thomas , kimberly and clear get out and start up the unlit path . it 's dark , hard to see where they be go , so they negotiate by feel the bush align the walkway . thomas let 's lay this on she gently now . the stress alone could upset the pregnancy . kimberly nod , ever creep closer to the front door -- when automatic light flash from over the garage . all three freeze for a moment , during which we hear stomping emanate from within the house , and the light shut off . but nothing else happen . no one come to a door . Thomas sigh , and as if suddenly remember he status , he walk fearlessly and purposefully to the front door . he make a fist , be about to knock - when the door fling OPEN and a rottweiler lunge for he throat - only to have its collar snag at the last second by its owner - jorge cruz , late 30' , handsome , cocky . he speak above rotty 's barking : jorge what ? thomas I be Officer burke . I be look for a isabella Cruz . suddenly , with a unexpected fury , jorge scream at he dog . jorge shut up !!! the rottweiler cower , and jorge shove it to the floor , where it land on its foot and fearfully trot away . jorge 's face be once again pleasant , but it 's a thin veneer . jorge see clear and kimberly behind Thomas and frown . thomas be you jorge Cruz ? jorge maybe . what 's this about ? thomas May we come in ? jorge no . what 's this about ? angle on clear - eyeing what appear to be drop of blood on the tile floor . she take in what she can see of -- the room as if a tornado have hit it . wedding photo smashed and tear . Furniture over-turn . thomas ( a little stern ) it 's about you wife , isabella . now be she here ? jorge 's eye flicker ever - so - involuntarily behind he . jorge no. I be alone . but by now , Thomas have see everything clear have and more . he stare through the house , into a bedroom and see - a female foot lie half0 bury under the bedspr ead . thomas look , pal , it 's probably nothing . but I need to see -- jorge be already close the door . jorge forget it . you will need a warrant . I know , I be a lawyer . clear rush the door , shoulder it and expertly wriggle past jorge 's grasp . jorge stop !!! you can not go in there !!! clear tear into the bedroom , grab the bedspread and throws it to the floor to reveal a young woman , naked , tremble with fear , take a closer look at clear . young woman we never mean to hurt you isa ... you be not isabella ! meanwhile , jorge yell at Thomas . jorge I be go to sue you ass ! KIMBERLY whose blood be that on the floor ? defensively , jorge hold up he arm . freshly cut . jorge mine , you idiot . the dog go nut this afternoon . now arrest she ! KIMBERLY where 's isabella ? do you finally kill she you fuck wife beater ? jorge flinch . it 's time to come clean . jorge we have a fight . some thing get break , the dog go crazy , she leave I . would not say where she be go . thomas what be the fight about ? jorge take a guess . thomas do she have a cell phone ? a way we can contact she ? jorge she do . he eye a shatter cell phone on the floor . clear we be waste time with this piece of shit . let 's just get to the meeting . jorge turn to soothe the frighten Young woman in the bed . jorge hey , when you find she , tell she the kid 's half mine . clear mutter something as they exit the house . clear we can only pray it do not come out retarded . jorge hiss something at the rotty , which charge they and spring ! but Thomas slam the door on the froth dog just in time . dissolve to : ext . thomas ' apartment build - night rory sit in he chevette outside a apartment building , stare up at the address . he quickly snort some powder off he key and wipe he nostril free of crystal . he take a breath and exit the car . int . thomas ' apartment build - night rory follow some people into the elevator . the elevator door close on he shoe -- trapping rory in a awkward position . one man frantically push the door OPEN button to no avail . finally , as the elevator rise , rory yank he foot free . man Jesus Christ . I write to management two week ago about this friggin ' bumper . rory bend down and inspect he shoe . rory damn , be that dogshit ? rory briefly hold the shoe too close to the man 's face - see ? - before disgustedly slip it back on . ding . the door open . the man hurry out and the elevator door close on rory 's smirk face . hard CUT to : int . thomas ' apartment - later reveal - nora , rory , and kat , mortify , sit on a couch . it 's obvious the bomb 's be drop , reality have set in . clear and kimberly await they reaction . nora raise a tremble hand . nora do anybody have a valium ? kat open she purse and hand she a blue pill . kat you will want to take -- nora pop it in she mouth . kat -- half of that . nora chew , she eye half dead from bereavement . across the loft , Thomas pace , phone in hand . thomas ( quietly , into phone ) any word yet on the dodge van ? damn . Eugene alone seem unafraid . he use a grabber - a long pole with movable claw on the end - to OPEN the skylight . when do , he balance the long pole precariously against the wall . a ominous breeze enter . clear notice magazine page blow over the desk by the couch . nora so that would mean ... I be next . eugene nobody 's next . this be crazy . first death 's stalking we and now premonition ? kat this can not be happen . my career 's at a peak , I finally meet a cute guy , I just buy a new house ... rory just shut the fuck up and maybe you will live . kat 's hand ball into fist . the hatred be mutual . clear reach for a nearby cardboard box on the desk , notice magazine page blow over until they weight tip over a pencil holder which spill pen out . she take the box to nora . clear you be not next , nora . nobody have to be next . that 's the point . last time , we do not plan . we be not organize . now we can help each other . she reach into the box and pass out cell phone to nora and the other . clear think what would have happen if kimberly have be able to warn you with the word pigeon ... nora 's head fall . kimberly sense she anguish and take over . KIMBERLY the point be , as long as you know what to beware of , you have a fight chance . it can be beat . if I call you and say subway , get to a high rise fast . a place where no subway could possibly go , get it ? everyone nod in understanding . rory fidget , sniffle , then pound the table in frustration . startle kat. rory why the hell do I ever get on Route 18 in the first place ? that 's I , Mr. Dumb Fucking luck . clear , very alert , look at the tip pencil holder . pens roll toward the end of the desk , toward a large White page directory which hang precariously off the edge just so . clear anyone read today 's paper ? the article on Evan shaeffer ? no one say a word . clear the only reason he be on Route 18 be because he own the lottery and have to collect the winning . rory that lucky bastard . clear what about the rest of you ? kimberly , you be drive to daytona . be Route 18 you first choice ? KIMBERLY the new freeway be faster , but Route 18 be the way my mom use to take , so ... they take turn go around the room . thomas Route 18 be drake 's assignment , but he call in sick so I get ... ( blanch ) drake 's never sick . kat I be my first day of jury duty . eugene jury duty ? that 's randomly select by social security number . clear random , sure . eugene what , you think death plan for each of we to die in the pile up week ago ? you be nut . clear fume . rory look ill and reach into he wallet . rory last July I dial a wrong number and get a radio station by accident . they ask I what number mean " good luck " in jewish . kat eighteen . and it 's " Hebrew " . rory anyway , I guess it right and win this . rory hold up two yankee ticket . rory the best way to get to yankee Stadium be Route 18 . KIMBERLY I do not know what 's weirder , the dial a wrong number part or that death would set you up nine month in advance . thomas ( realization ) whoa , nine month ? KIMBERLY be you think what I be think ? int . cheap motel - night angle on isabella's pregnant belly . reveal she 's lie down , bing on take - out food , while speak on the motel phone . a disturbing metallic squeak scrape - squeak can be hear , nearly drown out the scream couple next door . isabella yes , I would like to report a domestic squabble - my name ? isabella Cruz why , do it matter ? I be at the Super 8 motel . yes , I own a white van . so what ? just get over here . isabella hang up , recoil at violent thump against she wall . pull back and up to reveal the source of the unsettle squeak be a rickety , wobble ceiling fan . int . thomas ' apartment - night kimberly whisper into the phone . KIMBERLY I be sorry , dad , we be have a hard time with shaina 's eulogy . I will stay here at Virginia 's tonight and see you tomorrow . I love you too . she hang up , look guilty for have lie to she father . clear keep she eye on the pen that roll on the slightly cant table into the about - to - fall White page directory . clear remember everyone , just because kimberly 's get the power do not mean we be not all capable of see sign to some extent . the pen softly tap the phone book one by one until it lazily tip over and plop heavily onto a goose - down throw pillow . small feather from the pillow be carry upwards by the breeze . everyone in the room watch they rise . rory it 's like forrest gump . they float across the room , ultimately landing on a mousetrap ! SNAP ! the trap fly over and knock into the base of the unstable grabber - which tip and slowly slide down the wall . clear , in a chair , look directly above she head at a large swordfish mount on the wall . the grabber pick up speed , arc downward and hit the mount swordfish . the support bracket give , cause the swordfish to tip and slide downward ! clear lurch back in she chair just in time - the razor sharp bill impale the seat cushion between she leg ! clear fuck . should have see that come . the institution 's make I soft . clear get up , carefully ease herself around the swordfish . Eugene be not quite sure what to make of what he 's just see . eugene if death have get such a hard - on for you , maybe you should get the hell away from we . KIMBERLY we need she . she 's the only one who 's deal with this before , idiot ! kimberly look self - conscious by she outburst . clear , however , look grateful . clear we be all go to have to open we eye from now on . look out for each other . sleep in shift . ( look around apartment ) and we have get to safeproof this deathtrap . montage - safeproofing the apartment everyone but nora and Eugene help unplug appliance , put out the fire , take down hang object , switch off the gas , put sharp object away , affix pad to chart corner ... kat , place poisonous cleanser and flammable liquid in a box , nervously pull out a pack of smoke . Thomas watch as he take a hang mirror off the wall . kat screw this . I be go outside for a smoke . thomas you think you should ? it 's not safe out there . kat so ? nora 's gotta bite it before I anyway , right ? kat step towards the front door , then remember the cell phone and grab it just in case . Thomas smile ' good job ' at she . kimberly , unscrew the light bulb , look up when nora rise from the couch in a stupor and struggle to put on she jacket . kimberly look concerned . KIMBERLY where be you go , nora ? you okay ? nora fight the sleeve , daze and defeat . nora four year ago my husband die . now Tim . there 's nothing leave for I . kimberly stop pour liquor down the drain . KIMBERLY do not say that . once you lose hope , it 's already too late . Eugene snicker . nora look up , anger surfacing . nora if it 's my time to go , to be in heaven with my family , then I can accept that . KIMBERLY you can not give up . do not accept death 's plan . trust I , you can fight this . if we can just survive long enough until that baby be bear , we can -- nora look more resolute than ever . nora if you will excuse I , I have a funeral to prepare . everyone look crush when nora head for the door . except Eugene , who stand up as well . eugene yeah , why be I listen to a girl who just get out of the nut house ? as Eugene head out , kimberly become enraged and grab he . KIMBERLY see you die once be enough for I . eugene whatever . I control my life , not fate . clear I will be sure to put that on you tombstone . rory press a cell phone into Eugene 's hand on he way out . rory be careful . and even if you do not believe , give this to nora . int . thomas ' apartment build - night Eugene push the elevator button a thousand time . nora nervously tie she long hair back in a single braid . int . thomas ' apartment - continuous the nervous group finish safe - proofing the apartment . rory , stand on the couch , pull a police academy diploma off the wall - and slip - stumbling backward into the closet . stagger , he accidentally knock some coat hangar and a volleyball trophy from the high shelf to the floor . Thomas whip around and see that rory 's not hurt . he then lower he gaze and see -- the figurine of a volleyball trophy be frame by a tangle jumble of wire coat hangar . suddenly , streetlight flicker on for the evening . oddly , it only illuminate the Trophy / hangar array . from rory 's vantage point , it look like a surreal sculpture of a man with hook emanate from he body . the sodium vapor lamp cast a ominous glow around the image . rory ... man with hook . I see a man with hook . someone ?!?! the other look over , try to see what he do . thomas ( unsure ) I kinda see it , yeah . so ... nora 's go to be kill by a man with hook ? kimberly and clear stare at the volleyball trophy - the street lamp ominously flicker out and die . everyone look around for a hesitant beat , then Thomas pick up he cell phone . clear first walk , then run out the door . int . thomas ' apartment build - continuous the elevator finally come . Eugene and nora get inside , stand in front of a gaunt look man hold a cardboard box full of prosthetic limb . muzak play ac / DC 's highway to hell . eugene go down , right ? the gaunt man say nothing . the door close . int . elevator - continuous Eugene stare blankly at the concave mirror in the upper corner . he 's disturb by the warped reflection of : the gaunt man lean closer to nora 's hair and as the door finally close , he lean over and smell it . creepy . eugene um , by the way , you shoe 's untied . nora bend down to tie she shoelace ( the one that snap ) . she try tie the long dangle shoelace to the stubby one as Eugene 's cell phone vibrate in he hand . startle , he drop it to the floor . then look embarrassed . eugene probably for you , anyway . nora pick it up . static crackle . it 's hard to make out Thomas ' yell . nora Officer burke ? I can not hear ... a beat of confusion , then she slowly turn to see the claw hook and hand of the prosthetic limb . terror . she freeze . eugene what be it ? what 's wrong ? but nora 's too frighten to speak . Eugene grab the phone , hearing unintelligible static . intercut clear as she frantically hit the elevator button . when it fail to come , she run downstairs . int . elevator - continuous nora slowly rise to she foot , feverishly mouth a prayer ... as the door open , nora rush out - unseen to she , she long braid get snag on one of the prosthetic hook , yanking she backwards . nora let I go let I go ! eugene oh , watch it , you have catch you uh ... the guant man 's sweet voice and demeanor be a clear contrast to he outward appearance . man goodness gracious , darling , let I help you with ... nora panic , 's as Eugene and the man try to untangle she braid . nora desperately spin she body around , stick she head back inside the elevator . kat appear in the lobby , smoking a cigarette . kat you alright , nora ? the elevator door begin to close , and clamp around nora 's neck , she head inside , body outside the elevator . Eugene pound on the bumper , but they do not seem to work ! nora my God , someone please let I out of this -- intercut the up button be light . clear rush to the lobby . the Elevator rise ! inside the elevator , Eugene watch nora 's head drop to floor level - then he pound the emergency button - which short out ! nora 's body lift upwards from the force of the elevator floor ! nora 's scream of terror and agony fill the air as the elevator repeatedly lurch upward . kat gasp in horror to see this poor woman suspend above the floor . it lurch . and lurch . and lurch . the horror never end . clear come from the stairwell and be shocked by the sight . she run to the elevator door , try to pry they apart to no avail . all kat can do , cry , be grab hold of nora 's flail leg and try to pull she back down . the elevator lurch a final time . nora' headless body fall down into kat 's arm , knock she to the floor . kat freak , skitter away as the body convulse . inside the elevator Eugene ball he hand to he mouth in undeniable fear . a bloodcurdle moan escape he . he stare transfix as nora 's head , still aghast in terror , roll around the floor . the sight clearly send Eugene over the edge . he scream , claw and pound , desperate to escape the elevator . int . thomas ' apartment - moment later Eugene suddenly burst through the door , babbling incoherently . kimberly , Thomas and rory look on , bewilder . eugene ... no escape my ass . I control my fate . I die on my term , hear I reaper cockscuker ?! Eugene 's in another world . he approach Thomas and lunge for he gun - yanking it from the holster ! thomas what the hell be you ...? eugene ai not go out like that . on my term ! thomas just take it easy ! a twisted insane smile come to Eugene 's face as he jam the gunbarrel to he temple . the other shrink back in terror . he pull the trigger . click ! Eugene try again . click ! Thomas look stunne as Eugene go through every round , click click click click click cli ck ... kimberly breath a sigh of relief . KIMBERLY you do not keep it load ? Thomas ' eye disagree . he reach in and grab the gun away from Eugene , who stand there tremble . Thomas crack open the cylinder . load . rory maybe they be all dud . thomas six in a row ? never. impossible . that 's like ( sink realization ) ... win the lottery . clear ( o.s. ) it be not he turn to die . everyone turn to see clear and kat , stand in the doorway , drenched in blood . kat tremble uncontrollably . kat can we find the pregnant woman , please ? dissolve to : int . thomas ' apartment - dawn flash light from rescue vehicle illuminate the live room . in the newly conform safe house , kat and clear relax as best they can in Thomas ' dry clothes . Thomas make another phone call . in the corner , Eugene shiver to himself . desperately look for sign of danger . he look over to clear . eugene um , clear ? I be sorry ... about before . I ... clear you entire world view just go out the window . I could not expect a religious conversation overnight . we will get through this . ( beat ) I promise . Eugene look immensely relieved . rory amble over to kimberly , he typical callousness go . rory can I ask you a question ? KIMBERLY sure . rory when I die . be it gonna hurt ? KIMBERLY I ... I do not know . rory nod . he expect as much . he fish he license and keys out of he pocket . rory and you be gonna die after I , right ? KIMBERLY I guess so . rory ( be : key and license ) would you take this ? and if I die ... ( tear well up ) could you throw all my drug out ? paraphernalia , porno , you know ... anything that would break my mom 's heart . kimberly look deeply into he eye , look for the punchline . when she do not see one , she nod tenderly and take the key . the phone ring . rory jump at the sound , paranoid eye in scan mode . Thomas answer , speak softly , hang up . thomas a one very piss off Ms. isabella Cruz be be detain up in greenwood . let 's finish this thing . ext . country road - day kat 's Ford expedition wind its way through rural New York . a sport car speed past on the leave , then as it pull in front of the exped ition , its slipstream suck over some debris from the shoulder ; a thin metal piece of trim , which bounce in front of kat 's expedition 's leave front tire . cu kat' wheel well -- the metal trim be shot upward into the wheel well , where it lodge firmly , its sharp metal edge grinding against the rubber . inside the car kat drive , Thomas read direction in the shotgun seat . kimberly , Eugene and rory ride in back . in the cargo area , clear scan out the rear window for danger . rory fidget . rory be this safe , guy ? I mean , someone in this car be about to get whacked . do the rest of we really feel like sit next to he ? ( off kat 's glare ) or she . hopefully she . a uncomfortable beat . thomas guy , let 's not panic . isabella 's safe . KIMBERLY how do you know ? thomas you say she be go to drive into a lake . how can she when she 's in protective custody ? int . sheriff' station - day isabella , piss , be in a hold tank . small town deputy steve adam , 30' , clean he gun in she direction . isabella what do you mean " grand theft auto ? " this be insane . steve hopefully the district judge can straighten it all out by Monday mor ning . isabella ( figure it out ) jorge . when I get out of here I be go to sue he cheating ass off . as she fume , a rivulet of water streak down she leg . be abella oh my God . Steve , at first confuse , see the water and gasp . steve be you kid I ?! oh , man . he rush across the room , pull a lever , unlock the cell . steve c'mon . let 's go . as Steve throw on he jacket , we reveal its prominent emblem : greenwood lake sheriff department . ext . sheriff' station - moment later small town station . only one patrol car . in the patrol car , isabella buckle up in the sho tgun seat , the belt stretch tightly across she belly . deputy Steve try the ignition , but the car will not start . steve damn , they always stick I with the clunker . isabella take my van ! ext . westchester county - day kat' expedition speed through a yellow light and continue on . close on expedition left tire Metal sheer away more rubber . inside the expedition rory , antsy , rub he nostril , stare at two yankee ticket . rory here 's what I do not get . for nine month , death do all this shit to make sure I win this ticket and end up on Route 18 at exactly the right time for the pile up ... kat yeah ? rory but why single I out ? what be I in the great scheme of thing ? you would think I step off Flight 180 or something ... Fucking weird , man . thomas you want weird ? last year , my partner and I be head out for the graveyard shift . a call come in about a train wreck and Frank decide to let I handle it alone . ( beat ) Frank die that night in a shootout . I would be dead too if that call have come in just ten second later . everyone nod in that ' life 's weird ' reverence kind of way . kat I get that beat . so like , last May , I be suppose to stay at this cheesy bed and breakfast in Pennsylvania . there be a major gas leak no one know about and all the guest suffocate during the night . rory yeah , so what happen ? kat I never mad it . the Greyhound bus I be on splatter some chick all over the road and we have to stop . clear be that in mt. abraham ? kat yeah . how do you know ? clear ( sink realization ) that bus you be on ? it kill Terry mather . she be suppose to die on Flight 180 . kat I be not sure I - - thomas shit . the call about the train wreck that save my life ? that be the night I scrape up billy hitchcock . rory who ? KIMBERLY another kid from Flight 180 . a chill pass over the group . int . winding road - day deputy Steve speed the White Van up the narrow wind road . isabella breathes lamaze - style through intense pain . isabella promise I ... I will not have the baby ... in this van . speed up the incline , Steve try to speed around a volkswagon beetle , but car scream by in the opposite direction . isabella get around it !!! Steve lean on the horn and stomp the gas , dangerously riding the shoulder around the beetle . Way ahead of the beetle , on the leave side , be a lake . ext . winding road brian gibbon , 15 , cheerfully drive a tractor haul a whoodchipper across the high crest of the empty road toward a pile of thick branch . the tractor unexpectedly stall in the middle of the road . he try the ignition , pump the gas . nothing ... only by stand on the tractor can Brian see the White Van speed up the hill toward he . he jump down and frantically tire start the tractor . once , twice , nothing . ext . kat' expedition - continuous cu front tire - metal shred away more rubber . int . kat' expedition - continuous rory excitedly make a connection . rory remember the theater in Paris that collapse last year , kill everyone inside ? everyone nod , anticipate ... rory I have ticket to go , but one day I be in Paris , trippin ' on acid , sippin ' latte a ' such , and this dude get whacked by a fall sign . clear Carter . rory freak I out so bad I hide in a shopping cart for four hour . ' course , miss the show ... clear what about you , kimberly ? do you anyone from Flight - ? clear stop when she see all the color have drain from kimberly 's face . even Eugene look concerned . eugene be you okay ? the car become completely silent ( except for the slight scraping ) as kimberly prepare to tell she story . KIMBERLY a little over a year ago , my mother and I go to the mall . I be suppose to meet she outside , but I get catch up watch some news report about some kid who commit suicide . I keep think , " how can you strangle yourself in a bathtub ? " that 's retarded . Thomas mouth , " tod ? " to clear . clear nod . KIMBERLY it feel wrong . and yet ... ( continue ) there be gunshot outside and I run ... ( choke up ) some kid try to jack she car . she fight they off - she be a fighter - and they kill she . kimberly look to clear . KIMBERLY after the funeral I have this overwhelming feel that it should have be I . I figure that 's how everyone must feel . but I guess I be right . Thomas reach between the seat and take kimberly 's hand . as he look into she eye , kat take she own eye off the road to light a cigarette . intercut brian the tractor be safely off the road next to a wood pile . Brian grab a cord and start up the whoodchipper . int . kat' expedition - continuous clear it 's all start to come together . when Alex get we off Flight 180 , it do not just change we life . it affect everyone and everything we have come into contact with ever since . eugene I be not sure I understand . clear be alive after we time cause a outward ripple - a rift in death 's design . Eugene nod , slowly get it . eugene so if you never get off the plane , none of we would be ali have in the first place . clear that 's why death be work backwards . it 's tie up all the loose end , sealing the rift once and for all  this chapter of the screenplay contain scene ( 's ) that do not appear or occur elsewhere in the final movie . in order to maintain the integrity of the screenplay , it have not be edit . cu left tire a thick retread sheer itself onto the pavement . brian the wood chipper roar 's loudly . suddenly , some forget stray chunk shoot from the spout -- the airborne chunk of wood crack the White Van 's windshield . Steve veer out of control . kat see the White Van ahead swerving into her lane . she quickly jerk the wheel to the right . kat 's left front tire blows ! it send rubber fly and the entire suv pull hard to the leave , spin she out of control into the oncoming lane of traffic - toward the White Van ! isabella scream ! Steve jerk the wheel to the leave ! the White Van have a close near miss with the expedition , and go off the road toward a lake ! steve hang on ! the suv miss the tractor -- but sail off the other side of the embankment , spin and roll towards -- the gibbon ' farm at the bottom of the hill of a large rural farm , a propane tank sit at the edge of the property ! the suv barrel down the hill - come right for it ! inside the suv all kat can do be cover she head with she arm . the white van speed toward the lake ! isabella scream , in pain , not fear . the White Van be ready for splashdown . Steve finess the hand brake while tapping the accelerator . he 's able to right the van away from the water without so much as a hard jerk . steve we be okay , we be okay . the propane tank it 's about to get cream - but the bounce expedition just barely miss it ! it continue , backwards , crashing through a temporary fence and right into -- a agricultural construction site ! the expedition plow past earth mover , crash through irrigation ditch and pipe , shrapnel fly everywhere . just as the expedition come to a stop , a irrigation pipe rocket through the rear window -- miraculously miss clear and rory -- come to a rest just behind kat 's head . inside the white van Steve see the wreckage on the other side of the highway and slow down . isabella squeeze he hand white . isabella please . it 's not go to wait . steve I have get to stop and help that people . isabella do you want to deliver this baby ? Steve look ill , then see another car stop by the crash . he floor it and speak into the shoulder mic of he cop radio . the expedition the dust settles in the silent car . the only sound be a quiet , wet wheeze . clear , daze , look around carefully , avoid the metal spike that skewer the vehicle . rory hold he tremble hand before he eye as if amaze to see it . kimberly shake she hair , spilling glass onto the floor . kat try to open the door , but it will not budge . kat not my time . amazing ... thomas be everybody alright ? a bloody hand seize he shoulder ! Thomas turn to see Eugene spasming in the back seat ! he clutches he ribcage in agony and wheeze ! blood trickle from he mouth . kat he can not breathe ! he can not breathe ! clear oh my god , Eugene !? Eugene 's head tilt forward , unconscious . ext . gibbon ' farm - day brian gibbon jump off the tractor and sprint down the hill toward the accident . at the edge of the property be a common farm fence make from wooden post bridge by two thick wire . Brian skillfully climb between the wire and run past a dead oak tree ten foot inside the fence . in the bg , mr. gibbon dart inside a double - wide construction trailer . mr. gibbon ( o.s. ) call 9 - 1- 1 ! we follow brian to the crash site . Brian 's jaw drop as he absorb the chill sight of a guy and a girl drag a blood - soak man from the back seat to perform cpr on he . around Brian , voice mesh in a surreal haze . thomas stop it , do not move he ! KIMBERLY he can not breathe damn it . I think he lung 's collapse ! clear someone call for help ! we steadicam around Brian to reveal a woman scream from the driver 's seat . the sound be surreal . kat I can not move my fuck leg ! please get I out of here before it explode ! the color drain from Brian 's face as the die man on the ground cough blood and the girl perform cpr recoil . the moment be still surreal as Brian step back , further away from the horror he can not face . into the street -- and rory yank he back from imminent death as a ambulance speed onto the property . rory watch it , dude ! that snap Brian back to reality . sound become normal again . Brian collect himself and sniff the air . he then drop to ground level , look under the expedition for something . KIMBERLY help we , we need help over here ! brian ( to kat , reassuringly ) I do not smell any gas . and none 's drip , either . Brian stick he head in kat 's window and peer down at she trap leg . he swipe the break glass away from the window with this thick flannel sleeve , reach in , and try to yank the door open with all he might . no good , kat scream in pain . kat stop that ! I still need this foot , thank you . Brian step back as the emergency vehicle speed over . dissolve to : ext . gibbon be farm - later clear watch two emt lo ad Eugene into the back of a ambulance . a oxygen mask have be place over he mouth . clear be careful with that , check the gage on the regulator and be mindful of overdose . oh , watch for pothole and puddle . as clear continue , the exasperate paramedics do they best to ignore she . when she try to climb inside , she be push away . clear look , I make he a promise -- paramedic sorry . there 's no room . again , she 's shove away and step back , helpless . Thomas and kimberly stand by kat , still trap in the suv . thomas get that over here ! move move move ! a rescue worker carry the jaw of life past clear towards the expedition . rescue worker Excuse I , hot soup come through . the hydraulic hose that lead back to the power unite wrap around clear' leg . as the hose tighten , clear realize she 's surround by shard of glass and metal . she quickly wrestle herself free of the hose and watch the paramedics lock Eugene 's gurney into place . clear one more thing . watch out for power line . the door slam , revealing the phelp memorial hospital logo . the ambulance speed off , spraying gravel at she . she reach into she pocket and withdraw a crushed cell phone . shit . she run back over to Thomas . clear we have to contact isabella now ! a news van try to weave through the emergency vehicle to get closer to the accident . angle on news van undercarriage it sink into the loose dirt , scraping a large rock . the gas tank puncture . emt be angrily wave the news van back to the road , where it park near the twin wire fence opposite the dead oak tree . immediately , a camera crew exit the van to catch the action . rory step behind the News Van , make sure he can not be see , and dig into he sock , come up with a bindle . a smile ... thomas ( o.s. ) rory !!! rory cringe at he name , pocket he stash , then exit frame . we push in , the news van gas tank be leak . a SMALL drip ... ext . gibbon be farm - continuous Thomas , kimberly , clear and rory watch the jaw of life be clamp onto kat 's door . thomas where 's the cell phone clear give you ? rory I dunno . I think I give it to Eugene back at you place . thomas damn it . we have to call the greenwood Police Station and warn isabella . Thomas run in the direction of some local police . after he leave , rory drift away from the pack , hand in pocket . kimberly move back to kat , who chain - smoke in the front seat of the expedition . KIMBERLY you do alright in there ? kat my leg be start to cramp up . and God , why be I so thirsty ? do anyone have any fiji ? the ka- chunk of the jaw of life next to kat startles she half to death . kat Christ , you wanna give I a head up next time , pal ? Brian and Mr. gibbon approach with a cup of tap water . they hand it to kat , who frown but drink anyway . CUT to : the drip of the leak gas become a steady trickle . gas slither over pack dirt , around debris , toward the crash site . back to : thomas dark room speak to another cop who click off he radio . cop she 's at phelps Memorial . they be prepping she to give birth right now . thomas where 's that ? cop a few mile up the road . near the dock . kat light one cigarette off the other ka - chucnk ! the sound make she flinch , drop the cigarette on the floor . kat damn , can not you be quieter with that thing ? rescue worker ( drip scorn ) sure , I will just set it to the " quiet " mode . kat rescue the glow cigarette from around she foot and inhale . ka - chunk !!! she jump again , but maintain she composure . meanwhile the gasoline purposefully trickle down corrugate steel , through pipe , closer and closer to the expedition . at one point , the gas even disappear into a hole in the ground , only to resurface twenty foot closer to the site ... KIMBERLY look confuse to watch rory climb between the fence wire and drift the Dead oak Tree into the field . Thomas run down the hill toward kimberly . thomas we gotta go now . isabella 's in labor . rescue worker pull off a large chunk of door . ka - chunk ! kat flinch . KIMBERLY what about that ? clear ( call over to kat ) how you do in there , hero ? kat ( be : spike behind head ) I guess it could be worse . Brian hand out drink to rescue worker . thomas so let 's go ... where the hell be rory ?! Thomas see rory in the field and angrily hop the fence , head directly under the dead oak Tree . rory , he back to everyone , finally open the bindle . enrapture , he delicately unfold it ... KIMBERLY be put on alert by a fresh breeze . her attention be catch by the window of a emergency vehicle . in the reflection , kimberly see a man sit on the expedition , but when she spin be ound , there 's no one there . ka-chung ! the door come off the expedition , finally freeing kat ! everyone applaud ! KIMBERLY wait ! Mr. gibbon , applaud with everyone else , choose that very moment to sit on the bumper . deploying the airbag ! slamming kat 's head backwards through the spike , head -kabob . kat 's dead limp hand drop she last cigarette -- which bounce along the hard dirt -- toward the oncoming gas . closer , closer , .. the breeze kick up , aid the cigarette . whoosh , the gas fuse catch . the blusih flame travel through pipe , over rock , racing toward the news van . kimberly , half - traumatize , watch a ominous breeze rustle through the field , up to the tree , toward Thomas . the gas burn up a incline , and disappear into the ground ... and pop up twenty foot closer to the News Van . kimberly follow the breeze to the dead oak tree under which Thomas stand . and blow a large branch until it snap ! a startle Thomas see it fall just in time to dive to safety . clear , see the flame , instinctively run from the van . clear get back ! boom ! the news van 's explosion hurl two fence post just over Thomas ' head , end over end , the two length of wire stretch between they . the fly garrote head directly for -- rory , who sort hard , stand up with a satisfied smile - and be slice into three sharp cut of beef . the silence from the emergency crew be deafen . Mr. gibbon start cry hysterically . mr. gibbon I do not mean to do it - I do not know . kimberly numbly stare at the fall branch , the one that cause Thomas to step out of the path of the fly fence . KIMBERLY ( to herself ) it be not he turn . and it 's not my turn . kimberly see the corpse of kat and rory , bury the pain , and approach Mr. gibbon . KIMBERLY give I the key to you truck . now ! mr. gibbon ( hysterical ) anything you want . anything . I wish I know . I do not ... Mr. gibbon hand kimberly the key . ext . westchester county - moment later kimberly drive Thomas and clear in the gibbon ' truck . all be numb . thomas ( buckle up ) hurry up . there 's no time . she 's about to give birth . kimberly unbuckle she seatbelt and floor it . clear what be you do ? you be go to kill we ! KIMBERLY no . if anyone die from a crash now , it will be I . but I can not die if Eugene and isabella be still alive . I be last on death 's list . clear be you crazy ? what make you think you would survive ? KIMBERLY what happen when Eugene try to kill himself out of turn ? clear ( consider ) six dud in a row . KIMBERLY and when it be rory 's turn to die , and Thomas be in the way ? thomas that branch fall and save my life . you be right , death 's maintain the order . KIMBERLY let 's pray that isabella 's still alive . the truck speed into the horizon . ext . phelp memorial hospital - establishing shot int . delivery room - day typical chatter as the staff prep isabella . Steve pace nervously in the background . staff ... contraction come quick now . take she pressure and ctg . one centimeter dilation . prep the epidural stat . isabella breathes lamaze style in the hospital bed , she foot in stirrup . a nurse rock isabella 's body back and forth , until she back arch almost unnaturally forward . in the bg , a obstetrician , 5as , sterilize he hand in a scrub sink . a female anesthesiologist hustle over , swabbing a long epidural needle . the nurse place a mask over isabella 's face . the anesthesiologist lower the needle to the base of isabella 's spine . anesthesiologist she 's go to have to stop move if I be go to -- the nurse sneeze . anesthesiologist goddamn it , keep she still ! nurse sorry , doctor . xcu needle trace skin between isabella 's constantly move vertebra . angle on bumblebee it buzze about the room , darting between the he ad of the doctor and nurse , hover above the -- anesthesiologist , who trace the long needle down isabella 's spine , find the proper vertebrae . anesthesiologist perfectly still now ... everyone freeze . silence . as the tip of the needle press the skin down -- the bee land on the anesthesiologist 's ear . and sting ! flinch ! the needle sink in - a nurse gasp . do something go wrong ? anesthesiologist done. ( tear welling ) now could someone please find the open window and fuck close it ? ext . suburban STREET - continuous kimberly speed the truck down some dangerously twisty road slick from wet leave . KIMBERLY this make no sense . isabella be suppose to crash she van into a lake . could we have alter she destiny when we have she arrest ? clear I do not think so . Alex 's premonition happen exactly as he see they no matter how much we try to change it . thomas then the only way to survive be to get to the hospital and protect Eugene and isabella for as long as we can . clear if only Alex and I have do that with the other , Alex might still be ... a somber beat . then Thomas look over at the speedometer . thomas um , kimberly ? this be a neighborhood . you may wanna slow it down . KIMBERLY do not worry . nothing can happen to we . thomas I be not worried about we . suddenly , kimberly clutches she throat ! hard CUT to : int . hospital room - day unknown Pov a nurse hover over we in a hospital , wrestling we down by the look of thing . there be scream all around . the image come at we so fast , we see only the briefest glimpse of the nametag on she uniform : kalarjian thomas ( o.s. ) kimberly ! slow down ! back to : int . truck - continuous kimberly " come to " at the wheel -- flailing desperately at the steering wheel . she even claw at Thomas who try to control the neglect steering wheel . clear slow down ! we be ... kimberly look up as the truck come around a blind curve , where car be back up at a stop sign . kimberly scream and slam on the brake . the truck skid on wet leave , completely out of control , towards a landscaping truck park on the shoulder . kimberly 's truck hit the load ramp and launch itself twenty foot into the air , duke of hazzard - style . and land miraculously without a scratch ! on a parallel road . and keep go . Dumb , insane fuck luck . kimberly shake off she premonition and look out the rear window . she turn around with a cocky smile . she rub she throat and floors it again to Thomas ' horror , more determine . clear ( eye darting ) what do you see ? what be I look for ? KIMBERLY no , it 's not here . this one be different . more like the pile up and the van go into the lake . it be not just a sign , I be there . clear ( confuse ) another premonition ? KIMBERLY yes . I be in a hospital . there be scream ... a nurse be choke I . I could not tell wh at she look like , but the name tag be right in my face . kalarjian . thomas kalarjian ? KIMBERLY I think a nurse name kalarjian be go to choke isabella to death ! int . private room - day wiping frame , a nurse enter a room and read a clipboard on a unseen patient 's bed . reveal eugene lie in a hospital bed , wire to the latest medical hardware . nearby , a respirator plunge up and do wo , the respirator tube snake down Eugene 's throat . the nurse's hand reach down to Eugene 's neck ... Eugene wince when the nurse give the tube a friendly little shake to check if it 's stable . nurse sorry . can you feel that in you trachea ? Eugene roll he eye . stupid question . nurse quite complain . I get burnt baby in the Children 's Ward brave than you . she stick a electri c thermometer in he ear . Eugene open he mouth as if to speak . nurse do not bother . you will not be talk for at least a month . think you can handle that , jabberjaw ? Eugene look ready to cry . the nurse sit on the bed , jarring Eugene enough to make he wince again . nurse do not worry . everyone learn to love I once they get use to my sense of humor , okay ? Eugene look grat eful to see a humane side to this creature . ext . windy road - day the pick up truck race to the hospital . as kimberly speed past a billboard , a police car pull in hot pursuit . KIMBERLY should not we pull over ? thomas no time . keep go . I would not know how to explain any of this anyway . at the next intersection , two more cop car appear . KIMBERLY oh come on . the pick up truck blow by the second pair of cop car , which instantly join the high speed chase . kimberly take a long look in the rearview mirror at the tailgating cop . she then inspect the road ahead . up in the distance a busy six - lane intersection . KIMBERLY what do you want I to do ? clear ( hesitate beat ) speed up . KIMBERLY yeah , fuck them . ( to Thomas ) no offense . kimberly speed toward the intersection . she pull she seatbelt aside , make sure it offer zero protection . Thomas jump in the backseat , buckle up ... clear be alive , isabella , please be alive . kimberly 's eye widen in fear . her foot hesitates over the brake pedal as -- the truck blindly blaze through the busy intersection , miraculously miss every car ! the police be just barely able to fishtail into 90 degree turn , avoid the intersection completely . kimberly 's eye open and she let out a victory cry . int . private room - day angle on oxygen valve . pan over and down to Eugene try to watch a news flash of he accident on the tv across the room , but a bulky orderly block he view . anchor man ( o.s. ) ... ironically impale through the head as a result of a emergency airbag deploy . as Eugene shudder with dread , the orderly push a huge cart in front of he , again obscure he view . Eugene frantically pantomime write . orderly need a pen ? sure . if you like , I will bring crossword for you , too . Eugene try nodd he thanks , but the tube in he throat hamper he movement . anchor woman ( o.s. ) ... police have speculate that one of the death may have be narcotic related and urge child to stay away from d rug . finally , the orderly push the cart away , revealing the tv . a anchor man tap he page on the desktop . anchor man good advice , Sue . and stay in school . up next , johnny shower have the weather ... a weatherman dress as a frog point out cloud formation . Eugene , torment , stare at the screen as the orderly begin push the huge cart out of the room . the sound of a skidding car fill the room . it come from the tv which show a psa feature crash test dummy . orderly jeez , it 's freezing in here . the orderly flick the thermostat and one by one , vent close just below the ceiling . Eugene 's eye fill with terror - he know something 's wrong . angle on oxygen hose - burst . it hiss softly . we follow the oblivious orderly out of the room . int . hospital corridor - continuous a hospital administrator briskly stride up to the orderly . administrator what be you do ? the henzel be still wait for you in the Children 's Ward -- the orderly smack he forehead - shit . totally forget . orderly right , right , right . Gregory 's big day . administrator and Mrs. Dempsey in hydrotherapy can not feel she leg . the orderly , nodd rapidly , be halfway down the hall by now . the administrator shake he head in disgust and walk past . the huge cart . which now block the door on Eugene 's room . ext . phelp memorial hospital - continuous kimberly seem to have ditch the cop . she speed the pick up through the medical facility . ext . emergency room - day the pick up skid to a halt in front of the hospital . kimberly , Thomas and clear run outside and into the building . int . private room - day the oxygen hose hiss , but be drown out by the volume of the tv . Eugene 's eye dart frantically as a blaring fast food commercial end . the n , a news report come on . the banner : route 18 tragedy footage show grieve family , wreath on door , yellow ribbon , and emergency crew pull wreckage apart , dissolve together over : anchor woman ( o.s. ) mor e tear be shed this morning in the wake of yesterday 's tragedy that rock the tri - State area ... suddenly , the frayed electric cord of Eugene 's tv begin sparking . the sound drop out , the picture sputter . Eugene go white with terror . he look back to -- the break oxygen tube . hissing softly . the beeps of the eeg machine frantically increase . Eugene reach for the nurse call switch . mockingly out of reach by mere millimeter . int . nurse station - day clear , kimberly and Thomas dash toward the main desk . clear isabella Cruz . what room 's she in ? receptionist I be sorry , I can not give out that info unless you be a relative . clear I be she sister . the receptionist eye she dubiously . receptionist I will have to see you id , Ms. Cruz . clear vault over the counter , straight - arm the receptionist and seize the computer . Thomas and kimberly look on , stunne . clear Delivery room be downstairs . I will find Eugene and catch up with you . kimberly and Thomas hurry to the elevator bank ... then reconsider and enter the stairwell . int . private room - continuous Eugene scratch the top sheet of the bed , try to inch the call - switch closer and closer to he . but it will not budge . a rat appear behind Eugene 's pillow , crawl over he chest and disappear by he stomach ! he pound desperately on the empty food tray , he side rail , look toward the door -- int . hospital corridor - continuous outside the door , you can not hear a thing in the bustling hallway as people rush by . kimberly and Thomas rush past he door , lose . thomas hurry , I think she 's this way . back to eugene his eye scream insanely , but he respirator tube prevent any sound from escape he . and that 's when the rat appear on the floor and begin gnaw on the respirator 's power cord ! when Eugene see this , the eeg machine climb off the chart . int . nurse station - continuous clear take off down the hallway . the receptionist , shake , dial she phone . receptionist Security ? int . delivery room - continuous the obstetrician voice concern . obstetrician listen to I , isabella , I need you to stop push . isabella what 's wrong ? be the baby all right ? obstetrician it 's a breach . if I can not reverse it , we may need to do a caesarian . the obstetrician 's hand go to work . Steve look ill . steve maybe I should step outside . intercut KIMBERLY and thomas running down the corridor . PA announcement code Blue in Delivery room 6 . code Blue ! int . private room - day the rat gnaw away at Eugene 's power cord , Eugene look trap , helpless , torture . his eye dart from the sparking tv to the gnaw power cord to the useless call - switch . int . hospital corridor - continuous clear walk up and down the corridor , scan room number as she pass . a - 169 , a - 171 , a - 173 ... clear b-187 ... b- 187 ... a hand suddenly grab clear and shove she against the wall . reveal a security guard leer at she . security guard just where do you think you be go ? clear struggle to get away , get sympathetic look from a old man walk a roll iv stand down the corridor . int . delivery room - continuous isabella be push again . obstetrician almost there . I see the head ... the nurse take a pair of scissor off a tray . int . hospital corridor - continuous clear play possum , offer no resistance to the Security Guard as the Old man wheel he iv stand along . suddenly , clear grab the stand - and wham the heavy wheeled base into the Guard 's ball ! as the Guard recoil , she thoughtfully hand the iv back to the Old man and run . int . delivery room 0 con the nurse be startle when kimberly and Thomas burst through the door . in the bg , a puzzle Steve peek inside until kimberly pull the door close . nurse what be you do in here ? get the hell out ! right now ! finally we hear the baby cry ! the nurse immediately move in to swaddle the newborn . Dr. kalarjian beam at the very groggy look isabella . obstetrician isabella , look down and see you son . to the confusion of everyone around they , kimberly and Thomas burst into cheer ! they jump , dance and hug each other . it 's a magical moment -- ext . eugene's private room - continuous the rat stop gnaw . the tv stop sparking . a wave of intense relief wash over Eugene . he pantomime reach into he shirt pocket and lighting a victory cigar . int . hospital corridor - continuous relaxed and invigorate , kimberly and Thomas giddily exit the delivery room as clear run up to they . clear a guard grab I before I could find Eugene . thomas do not sweat it . it 's over . clear she have the baby ? KIMBERLY New life defeat death . we have do it . death have to rewrite the list . we be safe . Steve watch , confuse , as clear whoops with delight and hug the other . clear laugh with a relief that seem completely foreign to she . kimberly laugh with she , then be suddenly rock by a vision -- hard CUT to : unkown Pov look up a the eeg machine . flatline ! thomas ( o.s. ) kimberly ! be you okay ?! int . hospital corridor - back to present kimberly , on the ground , look frazzle as she snap out of she trance . Thomas help she to she foot . thomas be you okay ? you just face plant ! KIMBERLY I know how it feel to be dead . her lip blue , kimberly shiver uncontrollably . clear see two security guard round a distant corner and quickly walk the other toward a emergency loading zone . clear what do you see ? KIMBERLY I be dead . and come back to life . a eeg machine . where 's Eugene ? thomas but it 's over . isabella 's baby be the key . you see she die and everything , right ? KIMBERLY I do not ... what if I make a mistake ? thomas impossible . she be on the onramp . kimberly reluctantly close she eye and remember . CUT to : previously unseen moment of the pile - up premonition . a white van in fr ont of kimberly suddenly slam on its brake and pull onto the shoulder . kimberly scream , swerving around the van just in time to avoid a accident . back to : kimberly , overcome with self - doubt . KIMBERLY I be not sure ... I do not think isabella be ever destine to die in the pile -up . thomas then what 's the premonition of the lake suppose to mean ? clear can you remember anything about it ? kimberly shut she eye , remember : ext . lake - day Pov driver grease -cover hand reach out toward a steering wheel of a white van speed out of control toward a lake ! the van crash through a railing and plunge into the water . in moment , the van fill with water , the driver inside trap . drown . horrible . and on the rearview mirror , six floral scent AIR -freshner . back to : kimberly look down at she grease - cover hand and look ill . KIMBERLY ... the same hand from the van . finally everything make sense to clear . clear it 's you kimberly . the premonition be about you . kimberly tremble , refuse to accept what she 's hearing . KIMBERLY no ! it can not be . clear ( suddenly remember ) I have to save Eugene ! clear leave kimberly and Thomas together . kimberly verge on tear and Thomas console she with a hug . in the background clear look at pass room number while hurry down the corridor . she come to a room with a huge cart park outside , block the door . she look up to see - B - 187 . clear lean into it , push it out of the way of the door . clear Eugene ? be you in there ? eugene's room Eugene strain to hear through the thick door . clear ( o.s. ) can you hear I ? I be come in . a intense wave of relief wash over Eugene . back to : as kimberly hug Thomas , she watch clear push the cart past the door . orderly ( o.s. ) make way , make way lovebird . kimberly spin as Eugene 's orderly pass she ; a paper , pen and a crossword book in one hand , a birthday cake in the other . the cake read " happy birthday Gregory " . the thirteen sparkling candle on top oddly frame clear 's head . KIMBERLY oh no ... the orderly speed down the corridor toward clear , whose hand reach for Eugene 's door handle . she lean into it -- orderly ( to clear ) thanks hon , the henzel be go crazy for this thing . thomas and KIMBERLY watch as clear open the door , briefly revealing Eugene , a whoosh of oxygen -- boom !!! clear 's body be obscenely hurl end over end towards the camera , head straight for kimberly and Thomas ! Thomas throw himself and kimberly around the corner to prevent be crush by clear 's lifeless body ! the hospital erupt in total chaos . just as kimberly be about to break down completely , she see -- a woman hurry down the hallway in they direction , push a crash cart . kimberly see the nametag : kalarjian . KIMBERLY nurse kalarjian ... dr . kalarjian Doctor kalarjian . Excuse I , please . angle on cart defribulator paddle rest on top . and then Dr. kalarjian pass they toward the area of the explosion . KIMBERLY ominously turn , the camera follow she view , until she see a small lake across the street from the hospital . KIMBERLY oh my God . that 's it . the lake . the eeg machine . nurse kalarjian . thomas what ? just then , a ambulance skid up to the nearest entrance . paramedics jump out and run towards the blast site . KIMBERLY you can not cheat destiny . I know what I have to do to save we . I have to die . thomas that 's crazy . you can not give up now . we can still fight this thing . but kimberly be not listen . she stare through the glass door at the -- ambulance a red stripe down the side , but the hood be completely white . six floral scent air-freshener hang from the rearview . the ' van ' from she vision ! and it 's run ! KIMBERLY I have to do this . kimberly wipe tear from she eye , kiss Thomas ' cheek , then turn and run before he can speak . ext . hospital entrance - continuous kimberly head right for the open ambulance . the driver 's door almost seem to swing open for she as she get in . int . hospital entrance - continuous Thomas frantically try to get through the electric door , which spark and short out . he struggle to pry they apart . ext . hospital entrance - continuous kimberly shift into gear and speed off . Thomas squeeze through the door and run after she . a emt , the driver of the steal ambulance , rush outside . emt what the fuck ?! ext . lake - day Thomas chase the ambulance , watch helplessly as it barrel over curb , pylon and a fence , ultimately plunging straight into the lake ! Thomas sprint to the lake as fast as he can - the emt trail far behind . inside the ambulance kimberly panic as the ambulance fill with water and she take a final gasp of air -- on the lake' edge Thomas stare in horror at the percolate air bubbles as the vehicle descend below the surface -- and he dive in ! underwater Thomas swim into the dark , murky water . deeper and deeper , he g ets to the ambulance and try to open the door . stuck . he withdraw he baton and bang on the glass - nothing ! he try come up for air , but he pants snag on the jag metal of the twisted bumper . he squirm frantically ... and as he exhaust body lose consciousness , everything -- fade to black . int . hospital room - day blackness . dr . kalarjian ( o.s. ) ready and ... clear ! the SHOCK of defribulator paddle bring kimberly back to life . kimberly's Pov look up at Dr. kalarjian , all she can see be part of a woman 's face and a partial nametage read " kalarjian " . it would appear as if she 's choke kimberly , but -- a eeg monitor turn from a flatline to a steady heartbeat , the same Pov as the premonition . nurse she 's back ! dr . kalarjian five CC 's of narcodon . I want she stabilize and prepped for icu . kimberly turn she head to see thomas unconscious , cpr be perform on he by the emt ( who 's now soaking wet ) . Thomas do not respond . a intern open a eyelid , point a flashlight at he eye . shake he head , nothing . the sopping wet emt go back to perform cpr . finally , Thomas cough up water , choke , gasp for air , then bolt upright . thomas kimberly ?! he turn to see kimberly reach out for he . immeasurably relieved , he take she hand and allow himself to be ease back down to the platform . kimberly 's eye fill with tear . KIMBERLY ( whisper ) welcome back . we do it . for real . thomas I know . I can feel it too . outside , a parting of dark cloud cause a shaft of sunlight to flood into the hospital . its light cover kimberly and Thomas with a ethereal glow . there be no more doubt ; they have win . they exchange meek , yet triumphant smile in the smoky , chaotic hospital . slow dissolve to : ext . park - day we be at a summer barbecue . frisbee , lawn dart , croquet , et . everyone 's happy . title card : five month later angle on shish - kabob enter a mouth . reveal kimberly take a bite , relishing the taste and calmly pull the metal skewer from she mouth . KIMBERLY my God , this be delicious . I can not believe I use to be a vegan . Thomas , out of uniform , take a bite of he own . as the metal skewer be deep in he mouth -- a run frisbee player accidentally bump into Thomas ! but no harm . Thomas give the guy a friendly pat and go back to rewrapping he mouth around the shish - kabob . mr. burroughs ( o.s. ) so what 's the deal , Thomas ? Three month and you still have not ask my daughter out on a date . kimberly turn red as Mr. burrough appear and take a seat . thomas what 's wrong with a platonic relationship ? mr. gibbon platonic my ass . that 's for ugly woman . KIMBERLY for God 's sake , leave he alone , dad . thomas ( smile ) yeah , do not make I cite you for harassment . mr. gibbon oh please . I be not hurt anyone . ( look around , lowering voice ) besides , if you can beat death , what 's he get to worry about I for ? Mr. gibbon sit down at the table with two plate of food . his wife , mrs . gibbon , join . mr. gibbon you know , you still never explain to we how you do it . it seem by now everyone 's familiar with the concept . thomas well , technically when we die , we give death what it want . and by the time we be revive , it have already move on to graver pasture . Mrs. gibbon make a face , find the discourse distasteful . she change the conversation . mrs . gibbon you know , I be have the great day ? KIMBERLY food 's great too , Mrs. gibbon . Big prop to you and Brian . mrs . gibbon we ... pleasure . so , ready for the back - to - school season ? nyu , right ? KIMBERLY Three short glorious week away . mrs . gibbon sound wonderful . I wish I be go myself . mr. gibbon ( to Mr. burrough ) you may want to think twice about let she live in the village , Bob . we eldest daughter move there and come back with piercing all over she face . ( look grave ) among other place . a chorus of friendly laughter . brian ( o.s. ) dad use to call she the pincushion . from hellraiser . brian enter frame , soaking up fresh laughter . he hold a plate full of raw chicken fillet and some long , wooden match . brian dad , you have the spatula last , right ? mr. gibbon sure , here . Mr. gibbon hand it over and Brian saunter away from camera , slightly out of focus , toward the barbecue , he body frame between kimberly and Thomas ' head . KIMBERLY Brian look like he 's have fun . mr. gibbon sure do . owe it to that friend of yours , in a way . Mr. gibbon immediately regret have say that . KIMBERLY how 's that ? mr. gibbon well , Brian be nearly hit by a ambulance the day ... but you friend rory pull he back at the last second . kimberly and Thomas ominously turn they head around . in the bg , Brian fidget in front of the barbecue . mrs . gibbon you never tell I that , Peter . Boy , that be lucky . boom !!! the propane tank blow Brian to smithereen . a deafen silence follow , punctuate when Brian 's arm land on Mrs. gibbon ' plate . plop . fade to black . end credit .