" final destination " originally call " flight 180 " by James Wong and Glen Morgan January 15 , 1999 await ...... each of we ; a cold ... dark ... lonely place . deny its finality . deride its totality . dread the inescapable inevitability ...... it will arrive . the black silent screen sense this moment before a distant blue harp introduce a contemporary band 's cover of blood , sweat , and tear ' campy , yet haunt , gospel , " and when I die . " as the introduction close , resonate ... a flash of lighting ! a crack of thunder ! CUT to : int . alex be bedroom - night - close - bed a airline ticket be toss into frame beside a suitcase ; " euro - AIR . flight # 180 . New York City ( JFK ) - Paris , Charles de gaulle ( CDG . ) departure : Thursday 13may. 16h25 - arrival : Friday 14may. 05h40 . " " and when I die " continue throughout the MAIN title : a old table fan swivel beside and open window . outside , a humid spring thunder STORM drop warm , ominous rain . the figure of a seventeen year old boy , alex browning , pack for a trip , pass the fan ... the bed a Paris guidebook be toss atop the plane ticket . camera push in on the book as the fan 's breeze flip through the page . the table fan turn , head swiveling away from the bed . tighter - the guidebook page stop flipping , revealing a gullotine from the reign of terror . as a american passport be drop beside the guidebook ... the table fan swivel , return towards the guidebook on the bed . the guidebook page flip . flip . flip . Alex 's faint shadow continue move about the room . the fan head swivel away , allow the page to settle ... upon a Louvre masterpiece , Francisco de Zurbaran lying - in - the State of St. bonaventura . camera creep in , teasingly on the dark face corpse . the page begin to turn once again . tighter , ominous angle - the desk fan there be more of a hint of conincidence as the blade whirl and head swivel . the boy 's figure pass , block the breeze . the guidebook page stop dead on ... Jim morrison 's decorate tomb in the cemetiere du pere lachaise . a pilgrim have spray paint " this be the end . " which in fact , it be ... of the MAIN title . barbara Alex ... camera adjust , to fully reveal Alex brown as he turn toward the bedroom door . Alex be a average kid ; handsome . a high school " everyman . " one the wall amongst yankee and knick poster , hang a pennant ; " mt. abraham High School , New York . the Fighting colonial ! " Alex 's mother , barbara , 45 , walk in , excited and a bit anxious . barabra ( cont would ) tod and George 's dad just call , he 's pick you up at 10 in the morning . Bus leave the high school for JFK at noon . Barbara move towards the suitcase to help he pack . Alex 's father , ken browning , 48 appear , lean against the door threshold , smile enviously at he son . ken my suitcase workin ' out for ya ? Alex nod and buckle it . Barbara reach in to tear off a airline baggage i.d. ticket attach from the previous flight . alex whoa ! whoa ! Mom , you gotta leave that on . it 's like ... the tag make the last flight without crashin ' or anything , right ? so , it should stay on , or with , the bag for good luck . barbara where would you get a nutball idea like that ? extremely close - the airline baggage marker be tear away from the suitcase handle . return as Barbara pick up the suitcase to place it on the floor ... a dozen old baggage i.d. ticket spill from the outer compartment . she look at Ken , as if " you ? " the guilty party shrug . ken I be still here . Barbara shake she head as Alex smile at he dad . ken ( cont would ) seventeen and on the loose . ten day in Paris . in the springtime ! live it up , Alex ... camera inches into ken as he wink at he son ... ken ( cont would ) get you whole life ahead of you . alex camera creep in as , oddly , the word strike he portentously ... CUT to : int . alex' bedroom - later the storm have cease . the room be quiet . as if itself a presence , camera creep across the dark and motionless room toward Alex , sleep soundly . camera crane down to the level of the bed until Alex be in the f.g. and the room be visible behind he . on the rear wall , the Fighting colonial pennant begin to flutter slightly , as if affect by the move breeze . the path of which be continue toward the bed , rustling the sheet , subtly blow Alex 's hair and continue over camera . even in he sleep , Alex shiver from the pass cold . his eye open surprised to be suddenly awaken . he consider for a beat , then look toward ... the window which ... be close . alex puzzle , check ... the table fan which be off . alex perplex , roll over toward he digital clock . it 's 1:00 a.m. , however ... the middle digit bar in the first zero faintly flicker so this time appear to read ... 1:80 . airport p.a. ( v.o. ) ( overlap ) attention airline traveler ... CUT to : int . JOHN f. kennedy airport - morning - television monitor flight 180 depart 4:25 . Gate 39 . airport p.a. ( v.o. ) this airport do not support solicitor ... camera adjust from the " arrival - departure schedule " to reveal forty high school kide , four teachers and several parent be gather inside the International terminal at j.f.k . several of the student wear Fighting Colonial leterman 's jacket or hat and shirt display " mt. abraham High , New York . " airport p.a. ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) you be not require to give money to solicitor . Alex gather he bag , as do he best friend tod waggner and he older brother GEORGE waggner , stand before they father , jerry waggner . for Alex , any psychic tension from the night before seem forget in the fun and excitement of the trip . mr. waggner alright , you guy get everything ? tod yeah , we be all set dad . mr . murnau , the french teacher ( any further description necessary ? ) and leader of the class trip wave he arm . mr. murnau Les estudient , allon en France ! mr. waggner do that mean " go ? " tod shrug , " I guess " as he move to he father and give he a warm hug goodbye . Mr. waggner then give he older son a hug . airport p.a. ( v.o. atencion senore pasajero . no es necesario contribuir ... mr. waggner I will miss you guy . tod and George give a wave , as do Alex , who be slap on the back by Mr. waggner . mr. waggner take care of that two , Alex . alex I will . do not worry . the group begin down the airport toward the check - in counter . in the f.g. , before the boy , stride a girl , clear river , 17 , read the tropic of cancer . the loner in the group , clear wear dark color against the insecerity of she sex appeal . she appear aloof and more wordly then the other student . readying he ticket and document , tod flip open he passport , check out he photo . tod I do not think anything could worse than my yearbook picture . GEORGE now you know how I feel havin ' to look at you all the time . airport p.a. ( v.o. ) avis aux passager ... Mr. murnau stop the group . excite , he cup a ear with one hand while raise a finger toward the public address system . mr. murnau entendez classe , qu 'est ce que c'est l'announce ? everyone begrudgingly stop to listen . airport p.a. ( o.s. cont 'd ) vous n'ete pas dan l'obligation de contribuer aux demand des quemandeur . carter horton be the class dickhead who mix and match he role model in the most superficial manner . his hand be tuck into he girlfriend , terry chaney be , waistband ... carter ( be : murnau ) what the fuck 's he want ? Terry , hot now , but with no idea what time will do to she in just five year , smile obsequiously and mouth " shh . " p.a. system ( o.s. , cont 'd ) cher aeroport n'est responsable pour leur activity . Mr. murnau scan the group , he expression look for a answer . clear Rivers keep she head in she book as ... clear the airport do not endorse solicitor . mr. murnau tres bien , clear ! tout droit ! she do not react . her expression remain cool as murnau lead the procession forward . the boy continue . Alex sigh ... alex fuh-ck , do we have to put up with that shit the whole time ? a hand reach out to gently detain Alex . he look up to find a hare krishana , dress in everyday clothes , but head shave and a mark on he nose . hare krishana death be not the end . camara push in on alex ... unsettle by the soft speak , yet ominous , " solicitation . " the krishana offer a small book , reality beyond the matter : vaishnava philosophy . as he hand the book to Alex , a female form enter frame between they . the woman be miss valerie lewton , 30 , a feisty English teacher whose figure inspire all the boy ' fantasy . ms. lewton it will be for you if you harass my student . she place a hand on Alex 's shoulder , herding he to the group . hare krishana ( pissy ) Hare rama . Ms. lewton turn and , while walk backward , flash a smile ... ms. lewton ( mouth ) fuck off . as she turn she back and continue down the terminal ... CUT to : int . check in desk - airport - day Alex 's passport and ticket be set into frame and pick up by a female ticket clerk . Alex wait as she busily type into the computer and check he passport ... ticket clerk I have a few question to ask you this afternoon . o.s. , loud , exaggerated plastic tile rapidly click and clack . ticket clerk ( cont 'd ) do you pack this bag yourself ? the clacking continue , demade Alex 's attention . his eye turn forward . alex be Pov - the flight information board plastic tabs clack rapidly , settling on the word ... " cancelled . " alex camara creep in on he dawn paranoia ... ticket clerk ( cont 'd , o.s. ) have you belonging remain in you possession the entire time ? Alex absently nod . again , o.s. , clack clack clack . his eye move to ... alex' Pov - ( tighter ) - flight information board the plastic tabs flip and clack rapidly , stop on ... " departed . " ticket desk Alex be still consider the " message ... " ticket clerk have you recieve any package from person unknown to you ? Alex quickly run the day through he head and flash she the reality beyond matter book . she smile , then lean over toward the baggage scale . Alex 's eye turn toward ... close - ( motion slowed ) - alex' luggage a new airline i.d. marker be attach to he bag . return Alex eye the new tag hope it 's " good luck . " as the clerk return he ticket and passport ... clack , clack , clack . ticket clerk same as you birthday . Alex be puzzel by the comment . he shake he head if , " pardon I ? " camera inches into the ticket clerk gesture pleasantly to the passport and ticket ... ticket clerk ( cont 'd ) April 25th . four-twenty-five ... you birthday be the same as you departure time . clack . clack . clack . Alex 's eye flash toward ... alex' Pov - ( full frame ) - flight information board the title settles upon ... " terminal . " CUT to : int . security area - airport - monitor the ghastly green and red of the x-ray monitor flash as carry on bag flash through the machine . camera move counter to the direction of the conveyor belt . the pace and excitement of the collective group escalate as departure approach . Carter Horton and he girlfriend , Terry , take cut in line with smug , bully expression . unseen by the chaperone , no student , have the nerve to protest Carter 's action . Alex , tod , George and billy hitchcock , heavyset with a New York ranger jersey watch Carter and Terry with disgust . billy I can not believe they let that dickhead on this trip . GEORGE his parent buy a ton of that trip certificate we have to sell , just to get he out of they hair for ten day . excite , tod speak in a convert tone over Alex 's shoulder . tod dude , I so work the ticket clerk so you be sittin ' next to christa and I be next to blake . Alex look up ahead of the metal detector ... alex be Pov - two girl attractive and they know it , christa marsh and blake dreyer appear clearly out of Alex and tod 's league . tod ( cont 'd ) that 's seven hour and most of it be in the dark . alex and tod the boy dump they change in a plastic bowl . tod dude , if we do not get someone go on this flight , we should just call Dr. kervorkian and put ourselves out of we fuck ' misery . as Alex and tod pass through the metal detector , they eye perform reconnaissance on christa and blake , the open drum blast of boingo 's " no one live forever " overlap ... CUT to : int . airline gate - airport - afternoon - close - gate 39 camera adjust from the sign indicate gate 39 . the class be squirrely and excited . Mr. murnau , Ms. lewton , and the parent chaperone be allow kid to burn off steam at the gate , hope for a calm flight . camera move along the await passenger ... Carter and Terry be make out , a step away from heavy petting ... blake and christa be flipping through parisian fashion magizine ... billy hitchcock lay into a Burrito Supreme ... camera move to a empty seat . clear Rivers enter frame and sit , struggle with she walkman , coffee , book , and a cassette box handmarked " boingo " ( a cheat that we hear the song ) as she place she stuff on the unoccupy seat beside she , a Paris guidebook fall on the floor , open but face down . a pass , unidentified , student reach down and hand she the book , still open and face down . clear thanks . the student continue down toward the observation deck . clear look at the open guidebook . clear' Pov - guidebook princess Di 's mercede be totale in a Paris tunnel . besides the photo be two portrait of diana and dodi Al fay . clear camera inches in as she shake off a shiver down she spine . she look up from the book toward the student who hand it to she , the identity of which be fully revealed to be Alex brown . he stand at the gate window , look out at the plane . alex' Pov - 747 it be raining . in the distance , muffled thunder rumble . camera creep away from the plane ... huge , seemingly incapable of flight and yet we unquestioningly trust we life in this machine . emotionless . cold . lifeless , and yet soon full of life . alex camera inch in on he . tod ( o.s. ) dude , let 's take a dump . tod move into frame beside Alex ... alex man , that be one George Michael notch from be gay . tod dude , get wisdom . we be about to board a seven hour flight . the toilet in coach be barely ventilate closet . what if you body want that airplane food out of you system and you have to go torgue a wick cable and then right after you walk in christa or blake ? you want they to associate with you with that reflexive gag and the watery sting in they eye ? Alex take a beat to consider ... CUT to : int . men' room - airport - overhead camera look down on two stall . Alex sit in one , tod sit in the other . o.s. , over the airport p.a. system John Denver 's " Rocky Mountain High " begin ... alex John Denver ... upon the mention , camera crane down , turning , twisting until finding alex in a straight on close - up . he listen , tense ... JOHN denver ( o.s. ) he be bear in the summer of he twenty - seventh year ... alex he die in a plane crash . a p.a. announcment break into the song ... p.a. system lady and gentlemen , thank - you for you patience , at this time we would like to begin pre-board of Euro - Air Flight 180 to Paris through gate 39 . really for the first time , Alex appear a bit tentative and pale . it be intensify by the return of the song ... JOHN denver ( o.s. ) it 's the Colorado Rocky mountian High / I have see it rainin ' fire in the sky ... CUT to : int . boarding area - gate 39 - close - alex' boarding pass be tear along the perforate edge and hand back . alex look down the paasenger ramp . alex be Pov - ramp tunnel camera creep toward it ... light to cheat a feel of no return . o.s. , distant thunder rumble ... wider there be something more emotionally tense about the moment of board than take - off . camera pick up Ms. lewton search ... ms. lewton anyone see billy hitchcock ? how would we lose he ? tod nudge Alex toward the tunnel , the three boy start down the ramp , pass Mr. murnau who check he list , count head ... mr. murnau vingt huit , vingt neuf ... passenger ramp Alex , tod , and George catch up to christa and blake , excited . as always , everyone become bottleneck just at the point of enter the plane . Alex look out the ramp 's side porthole window toward the back of the plane . alex be Pov - through porthole the enormous engine . the expansive wing . behind the tail , distant , a bolt of lightning flash ! alex look away . just ahead , in the plane , flight attendant greet the passenger . he be next to enter the plane . close - floor a slice of open from where the ramp meet the plane provide a sense of how high up one actually stand . alex camera push into he as he take he first step into the plane . close - airline cabin floor Alex 's nike land on the carpet . int . 747 - first CLASS cabin - afternoon - close - baby scream ! its parent desperately comfort the child . camera adjust , leading George , Alex and tod through the aisle . Alex and tod wince at the scream child . George , however feel comfort . GEORGE good sign . younger the better . it would be a fuck - up God to take down this plane . int . economy CLASS cabin - 747 - afternoon in the first row slump a young man with amyotrophic lateral sclerosis . a cannula be set in he nostril lead to a oxygon tank beside he . the kid sneak sympathetic yet anxious glance at the man while continue in they seat . George whisper over he shoulder ... GEORGE a really fuck - up God . Alex 's tension increase as he continue up the aisle . alex be Pov - overhead compartment camera inches in on " row 25 . seat h , I , and J . " alex climb into the row , carry he backpack . he take he window seat and reach up to the air flow valve . close - AIR flow valve turn , hissing , air stream full blast . camera inches in on he as he take in deep breath of the stale air . he press he face to the window . alex be Pov - the left wing rain fall . gear whir as the aileron be test . close - alex camera creep toward he , face to the glass ; eye scan the plane and outside area . christa ( o.s. ) Alex ? he turn toward the aisle . alex be Pov - christa and blake man , they look great and they be workin ' the sex appeal . christa could you trade seat with blake so she and I can sit together ? I ask tod , but he say he 's get some medical thing ? alex sneak a quick check with tod . alex be Pov - tod shake he head . " no ! no ! don't do it . " alex and the girl he look to they and know he be just plain overmatch . Alex shrug , " sure . " in front of he tod throw up he arm , disgust . Alex climb out of he seat . the girl be touchy - feely thankful , but only know guy dig that . christa and blake you be so sweet . thanks , Alex . Alex crame up into the aisle , make he way to tod , sit two row up in 22 h . Alex climb over tod to take the window seat . clear Rivers sit in the seat directly behind Alex . tod ( mouth ) fag . alex c'mon , man , like you really think you be gonna tittie fuck them over Greenland , or something ? tod because of you , I gotta sit here and watch fuckin ' " stepmom . " as Alex sit , the tray table fall from its upright position . he lift the tray back up , but as he turn the latch , it break off in he hand . he briefly try to jimmie the tray into postition , then give up . camera follows alex' hand as it rise . camera sweep in extreamly close to the attendant call button . as Alex 's finger engage the button , it light up orange . alex the jet lurch . he look ... out of the window - alex' Pov the 747 begin roll out of the gate . alex as he look back , search for the nearst flight attendant ... alex be Pov - through the seat - clear river read she book . another lean to look out the window . alex lift a bit out of he seat , search for any flight attendant o.s. , a ping . captain ( v.o ) Flight attendant prepare for departure . look fore in the cabin ... alex be Pov - near the flight deck the flight attendant strap themselves in for take - off . alex o.s. , the engine volume increase in pitch and intensity as the jet begin to taxi . Alex sit back as the tray over he lap . he look out the window . alex be Pov - the right wing appear motionless in the f.g. as the tarmac and runway sign roll past the window . the engine pitch rise ... alex the engine whir as the jet gather speed . he check the window . alex' Pov - the runway be a blur . the airport terminal in the b.g. streak past . the wing lift , angle as the jet leave the ground . alex o.s. , he classmate cheer and " raise the roof . " the trip have begin . camera pull away from alex , as if reflect he ease of annoyance with the tray situation . he finally appear to notice the raucous reaction and settles back in he seat , slightly push by mild -g force . the upward angle increase ... the cabin buffet , as if pass mild turbulance . then ... the cabin sharply jolt ! everyone tense , gasp . camera sweep back to alex . and just as he clenches he backpack ... the cabin bang , rock . the engine spool to a stall . metal twist under extreme pressure . the cabin dip , angle , sharply to the right . alex be Pov - the cabin passenger scream ! unrestrain personal belonging fly across the aircraft into camera , which buffet and shake ... oxygen mask deploy from the overhead compartment . a prerecord message , like that record by the black box of the crash of jal # 123 August 12 , 1985 , blare over the p.a. , with erie calm ... message ( v.o. ) fasten seat belt ... put on oxygen mask ... alex he hand tremble as he reach for the oxygen mask and place it over he face . the engine resuscitate . scream . whining . Alex check out he window . alex be Pov - out of window the plane be on its side , lose altitude . a slow , sick spin . alex breath deep into he oxygen cup . the jet engine grind and whir , as if the craft be in the midst of a last - ditch effort to regain stability ; the sound deafening over the passengers ' cruelly hopeless scream . then ... ka - boom a devastating explosion erupt across the cabin , blast a five foot hole in the fuseluge . human limb and blood spray , craft and passenger tear to shred . Dead student sit lifeless in they seat . every unrestrained object on board fly to the hole and through the fire ; paper , book , luggage , pillow . a parent and a student clutch they seat in terror , scream before they be pull into the sky . wind . scream . dying engine , a deafen blare . alex and tod scream , pale , know there be no hope , no escape as the engine die . the cabin begin to tilt downward ... then straight down . debris tumble toward the flight deck as if fall from a cliff . outside ... the sick familiar SOUND of a aircraft go down . alex be strapped to he seat , upper body face downward toward the water . FIRE , wind , and blood whip across he . a build whine crescendoe before a second explosion rip across frame ... CUT to : close - alex' terrified eye dilating rapidly , as the shock of what appear to be happen before he wash over he very psyche . christa ( o.s. ) Alex ? alex drenched with sweat , tremble in he seat , he eye dart toward christa and blake . they look great and they be workin ' the sex appeal . christa could you trade seat with blake so she and I can sit together ? I ask tod , but he 's get some medical thing . Alex turn sickeningly disorient . his eye dart about , search for evidnece of the catastrophe . there be none to be find . Alex blot from he seat , startling the two girl . he scramble toward tod , who look at he friend , concerned . tod dude , what up ? frenzied , Alex climb over he friend , on top of the seat . Alex 's panic have alert the other student and a male flight attendant who make he way to the row . alex grab the tray table latch before the vacent seat . it break off , just as before . camera push into alex , terrify . he begin to hyperventilate . flight attendant be there a a problem , sir ? Alex 's wild eye and expression convey " no fuck kid there 's a problem . " the flight attendant realize this passenger be experience a serious episode . directly across the aisle , Carter Horton and Terry look at he with severe expression . carter what 's you fuckin ' problem ? Mr. murnau and Ms. lewton unfasten they seat belt and rush toward Alex . mr. murnau Alex ? qu'est - ce se ? alex qu'est - ce se ?! the plane' gonna explode ! obviously , no one ever want to ever hear that . the student tense . the flight attendant immediately turn to other attendant , signal for assistance with a quick definite gesture . in the b.g. , attendant hustle toward the economy class cabin . carter and terry carter terry shut up , brown ! you be not funny . alex frenzied , begin move toward the aisle . alex we have to get out ! this frighten everyone . not the " prophecy , " but he panicky , irrational behavior . alex ( cont 'd ) we have to get off this plane ! clear river camera push into her , hearing Alex 's declaration . alex ( cont 'd ) now ! now !! return Alex be desperately climb over tod , who be try to calmly restrain he friend . across the aisle , Carter Horton stand ready to quiet Alex , with force . carter sit! down ! brown ! tod flight attendant Alex . Alex ! easy , man . take it Sir , if this be a joke , easy . we do not tolerate such humor . the flight attendant restrain Carter with a extend forearm . alex I be not joke ! I be not joke ! Ms. lewton and Mr. murnau move to the seat . Flight attendant try restrain Alex from reach the aisle . ms. lewton mr. murnau Alex , knock it off . it 's alright . settle down , Alex . alex listen to I ! this plane will explode on take - off ! flight attendant Sir , we will remove you from the aircraft if this continue . carter I will remove he . alex fuck you ! I will remove myself ! Carter reach for Alex , who push back , try to get out . Carter respond aggressivly and now the flight attendant , tod , and the two teacher be in the midst of the melee . the co- Pilot arrive to secure the situation . he grab Alex and begin forcibly ushere he up the aisle . a male flight attendant choke hold Carter from the back . Carter struggle but the attendant 's postion have the advantage . he begin remove Carter from the plane as well . terry he do not do nothin ' ! she follow the attendant , hit he to help she boyfriend . just arrive in the cabin , billy hitchcock try to fight past a stewardess to get to he seat . he be block by the mass of combatant as they be escort out . flight attendant ( he 's have it ) anybody in the aisle be off the plane ! billy no , wait , I be late ... that 's my seat right there ! under protest , billy get push back off the plane . Mr. murnau and Ms. lewton follow the pack of student and airline personnel as they move toward the exit , call out to seat teacher and parent while hustling up the aisle . ms. lewton mr. murnau everybody just stay where you Mr. carpenter , keep a eye on be . just sit tight . thing for a moment . tod watch , amaze and concerned for he friend . he look across the cabin to ... tod be Pov - GEORGE he brother gesture , mouth ... " you should go with he . " tod start off down the aisle . camera counter ... adjusting to clear river . amongst the chaos , she consider for a beat , then grab she backpack , stand and move into the aisle to exit the plane . CUT to : int . boarding area / tunnel - gate 39 - day Alex , the co-pilot , Carter , the attendant , Mr. murnau , ms , lewton , Terry , tod and billy proceed down the tunnel . billy be confuse by the chaos . billy I do not do anything ! I have my ticket right here ! arrive security officer quickly have control of the situation . Alex be take to a seat at the gate and drop there by the co-pilot , who , wind , eye the officer . CO - pilot you get this ? the officer nod . one move toward Carter as he drop in a seat away from Alex . Terry sit behind Carter . the co-pilot and attendant start back toward the plane . Ms. lewton hustle over to they and a airline representitive . CO - pilot no one get back on board . that 's my call . ms. lewton please ... I have get forty student go to Paris ... during this negotiation ... camera move past Ms. lewton and the co-pilot to the board ramp door ... clear Rivers exit and take a seat away from the other , aware she be unnotice in the confusion . camera inches in as she look up toward ... alex camera match the move to he as tod and Mr. murnau attempt to calm he down . tod it 's alright . it 's alright . you be off the plane . you be off the plane ... rattled , Alex attempt to compose himself . Ms. lewton appear , hurriedly pull aside Mr. murnau . ms. lewton airline 's not take this very well . they will let one of we back on and the rest can grab a six - ten flight . get in two hour later at degaulle . it 's alright . it 's not that big of a deal . mr. murnau I will stay . ms. lewton no , you know the whole french thing . get on the plane . murnau understand this point and take off toward the board ramp door . plead he case , billy follow murnau . billy I be in the bathroom . the lock be stick . I do not fight with anyone ! hustling toward the door . Mr. murnau gesture toward Ms. lewton as if " talk to she . " he disappear down the ramp . camera push in as airline personnel close the door ... with a ominous thud . ext . gate 39 - afternoon - carter , terry &amp ; billy Pov Flight 180 pull out of the gate , taxiing toward the runway . int . gate 39 - observation window - afternoon Carter turn over he shoulder , look back angrily towards Alex . Terry wrap a calming / restrain arm around Carter 's shoulder , but he start towards Alex , seat with Ms. lewton . mens room across from gate 39 tod race out of the bathroom with a dampen paper towel . camera follows as he hand it to Ms. lewton seat next to Alex . the teacher place it on Alex 's forehead . tod I call you mom and dad and they be on they way . ms. lewton Alex , talk to I . what happen ? Alex look at tod , who nod . his friend 's expression be soothing and open . with lower tense tone , mean for only the two people beside he ... alex I ... I see it ... like , I do not know ... the plane take off . I see it leave the runway ... I look down and see the ground ... Ms. lewton and tod exchange concer glance . alex ( cont 'd ) and then the cabin bang and the leave side explode . the the whole plane ... blow up . it be so real . exactly how everything go . tod be on many plane that blow up , have you ? good point . Alex look away . ms. lewton you must have fall asleep . carter we get throw off the plane and blow a half day in Paris because brown have a bad dream ? ( mock Alex ) it 's go to explode ! it 's go to explode ! tod fuck off , Horton . ms. lewton tod ... a raw nerve , Alex stand . alex only trip you be gonna take be to the fuckin ' hospital . Carter scoff while move aggressively toward Alex . Carter make a quick move and grab Alex . the two security guard rush in to break it up . Chaos erupt agian as the two boy wrestle in the terminal . observation deck camera push into billy hitchcock , depressed as he watch the plane take off ... billy there they go and here we stay . airport terminal one guard restrain Alex ; another Carter . in the b.g. out of the observation deck window ... Flight 180 lift off the runway . carter you be payin ' for my trip , brown ! alex I wish you be on the plane ! in the b.g. the 747 head and taillight suddenly , violently , erupt into a gigantic fireball of flame . it take a few second for the concussion to hit the terminal , but when it do ... boom ! a window shatter ! chair rock ! people be knock off they foot . camera sweep into alex ... stunne as he turn to the window ... alex be Pov - flight 180 the unceremonious speed of obliteration of hundred of life be cruel as flame debris plummet from the early evening sky . clear river camera push in on her , rattle , afraid , but aware of Alex as she be first to turn she eye toward he . gate 39 billy hitchcock walk backward from the window , shocked by shocked step . Ms. lewton drop to she chair as she leg give out . o.s. , alarm begin . the two security guard tear off toward more urgent duty . o.s. , outside , siren wail as emergency vehicle race to the tragedy . camera begins to move toward alex ... as tod 's head turn toward he , then Terry 's ... then Carter 's . in the chair , beginning to cry , Ms. lewton eye Alex , as if afraid of he . camera continue . siren piercing . the emergency vehicle ' strobing red light reflect in Alex 's eye , now in tight as he look out , freeze with shock ... upon the doom flight 180 . CUT to : int . JFK INTERNATIONAL airport - PRESS room # 10 - night silence a pair of airline representatives sit with the seven survivor , each numb with shock . everyone be too raw with residual fear to show any emotion . they sit on fold metal chair in a empty room , too bright from the fluorescent light . beneath they obvious trauma result from the catastrophe ... each feel uneasy by Alex 's presance . the other sit away from Alex and tod . Alex appear wringht with guilt . he check the other out of the corner of he eye . alex be Pov - the room Ms. lewton , Carter and billy glare at Alex . Terry avert she eye from Alex to bury she face in Carter 's shoulder . alex frighten as anyone over what have happen , tense , defensive and scared . with softspoken strength ... alex you be lookin ' at I as if I cause it . I do not cause this . lewton , carter , terry , and billy maintain they uncertain expression . with strain apprehansion , as if not want to " dabble in the occult , " but need a immediate answer . ms. lewton be everyone dead ? be there any survivor ? wider Alex be take aback by the question , yet even he best friend look at he for a answer . alex how would I know ? you think I be some sort of ... clear he 's not a witch . camera push in on Alex , relieved and thankful , as he turn to she ... clear river - alex' Pov camera match the move into her as she look up at Alex , not with fear or repulsion ... but with knowledge of a unwanted but irrefutable connection . wider cause a startle , the door open . everyone 's head whip reflexively toward the entrance . the strange event of the flicker light be quickly forget . a half dozen men and women enter the room , display official badge and pass . all but two be dress in casual clothing , have be call in from home ; the pair be f.b.i. special Agents weine and schreck . howard seigel and don hawk be representative of the National transportation Safety board . eileen whale and jack arnold be member of the Euro - Air " trauma team . " the official be sympathetic and calm , exude the confidence and security trauma victim look for at this time . seigel hello . I be Howard seigel , National transportation Safety board vice chairmen . we have notify you family and they be on they way . do anyone feel they need medical attention or spiritual counseling at this time ? although the word be comforting , be in the position of have to hear they macabre . Ms. lewton react , snap ... ms. lewton have they find any survivor ? what 's go on ? seigel be calm , yet honest ... carefully honest . seigel the cause of the explosion be undetermine . nassau county authority be on the scene . Naval search and rescue be en route . he gesture ... " and that 's all we know . " the group slip deeper into despair . weine we understand how you must be feel at this hour ... and although we know it may be difficult , we must ask you some question ... regard today 's event , while it 's still fresh in you mind . the survivor dread the think of recount the horrible experience , yet collectively be ready to co-operate . weine it may be valuable to we rescue attempt , or any potential ... criminal investigation . the agent , f.b.i. badge display in they pocket , turn they eye , suspicioulsy , toward Alex . alex react , puzzle , as he realize the Agents be focus on he ... CUT to : int . a room - airport - night - close - schreck &amp ; weine be direct and professional , with no hide agenda in search for the truth . seigel and hawk from the ntsb be behind they take note ... schreck you say ... ( check note ) " listen to I ! this plane will explode on take -off . " ( to Alex ) how do you know that ? alex camera push in as he look up , nervous ... not about suspicion toward he , but try to explain what even he do not understand . alex I get this ... feel ... a weird feel ... I can not explain it ... weine do you take any seditive before board , or on the plane . sleep pill ? alex no. I see it . I see it ! tear well as he grow frustrated try to convey the unique experience . be train , veteran officer , schreck and weine obsereve ; allow he to talk . alex not like a dream ... more than that . I experience the plane explode ... it be so horrible ... I know what they all go through tonight ... the officer remain quiet , gaug he explanation . alex ( cont 'd ) I be not a pyschic ... I have never have this happen before ... the officer study he , unsure yet carefully ... schreck do this " weird feel " have anything to do with you say you wish Carter Horton be on the plane ... just before it explode ? Alex look up , stunne . he do not even recall this until now . alex no ! schreck why would you say it ? he consider , owe they a explanation . the he realize ... alex because ... I ... never think it would really happen . weine lean foward ... weine if that 's the case , Alex ... why do you really get off the plane ? camera inches in as Alex consider , confuse , emotional ... CUT to : int . a room - airport - night - tod camera continue the move on tod ... as if just realize ... tod my brother ... tell I to keep a eye on Alex . he stay ... and I go to make sure Alex be okay . ( a whisper ) he tell I to get off the plane . int . a second room - airport - night - ms. lewton display a similar sicken expression as tod ... ms. lewton Larry murnau tell I to get back on ... but I tell he to go . ( pause , guiltily ) I send he back on the plane . int . a room - airport - night - weine weine no one force you to get off the plane . you tell we you be not friend with any that do ... so , why do you leave the airplane ? clear river camera inches in as she look up . with total resolve ... clear because I see and I hear Alex . and ... I believe he . CUT to : int . JFK INTERNATIONAL build - PRESS room # 10 - night the survivior have all return to the room . they may be a group , but they be alone with they thought . the door be open by Ms. whale . Alex 's mother and Father lead by a group of parent into the room . each move with grief , yet relief , to they child . Barbara brown grab hold of Alex and hold he tight . the mother begin to cry . Ken brown , eye welling with tear , grab he son 's hand and squeeze . Alex do not cry . while hold he mother , he watch the other . alex be Pov - carter and terry they parent be concerned , but do not demonstratively show affection . Carter appear as if he want to hug he mother , but he can not bring himself to betray he self -image . alex he eye move toward ... clear river alone , hurt that no one have come to take she home . alex he eye find ... tod and he father jerry waggner hold he son , both of they release anguish tear . through he grief , however , Jerry stare at Alex with a expression of anger and accusation . alex camera push in on he as he hold he mother tightly . overlapping ... a crack of thunder ! CUT to : int . ken browning be car - night Alex sit in the back against the door , look out the window at the storm . clear Rivers be press against the other door . everyone be slient . outside , the STORM angrily rage . Alex be unaware that clear be watch he , search for some answer that she will not now find . she look up . clear here 's good . the car pull over . clear thank you for the ride . she open the door and flash one more look at Alex , but he appear unaware . she exit the car and as the door shut ... CUT to : int . alex' bedroom - night the room be empty , but the camera be slowly moving , as if itself a presence . o.s. , footstep move up the stair . Alex appear , he parent behind he . he click on the light , send a soft , safe , orange glow across the room . alex stand in the threshold of the doorway . his mother place a comforting hand on he shoulder . alex be Pov - pennant mt. abraham High School Fighting colonial . alex and now , the tear arrive . he begin cry , sobbing , as he mother and father hold he . o.s. , outside ... lighting flash ... thunder rumble ... CUT to : int . live room - browning house - night - tv CNN broadcast video footage of the disaster . seat cushion and personal belonging float in the harsh floodlight . live room it be late and dark . only the pale light of the tv spill across the live room . Ken and Barbara have fellen asleep , but they son remain awake . Alex 's red eye be lock on the screen , mortify . o.s. , a vicious crack of lightning and immediate thunder ... as if call Alex to the window . he remain fix on the tv . alex be Pov - tv a image of Hell as jet fuel burn on the ocean . o.s. , as if furious at the slight , thunder bang ... alex he turn , stand ... and move to the picture window , pull the curtain aside as camera push in on he ... alex be Pov - the STORM it be as if nature be angry . lightn bolt spiderweb across the sky . thunder boom . a shard of lightning break across the front yard . oddly , it do not make contact . in the split-second strobe of lightning flash , the bolt abstractly appear as if it be a hand point directly at Alex . alex horrify , lurch away from the window , consider what he have see . just feel on the roar of thunder ... CUT to black : over black : minister ( v.o. ) thirty - nine day have pass since we have lose we thirty - nine love one , friend , and teacher . fade in : ext . mt. abraham high school - day - close - alex wear a dark suit and tie , sit beside he parent on white fold chair . his head be bow , guilty and sad ... minister ( cont 'd ) as each day pass without a determine cause for the accident , we ask ourselves , " why ? " Alex raise he eye and look across the ceremony ... alex be Pov - tod sit with he mother , linda waggner and he father , Jerry . destraught , Jerry stare off blankly at the minister . minister ( cont 'd ) ecclesiast tell we , " man no more know he time than fish take in the fatal net ... alex guiltily avert he eye . Ken note this and wrap a comforting arm around he son . minister ( cont 'd ) ... or bird trap in the snare ... Alex check over he shoulder . alex be Pov - over he shoulder - last row of seat special agent schreck and weine subtly survey the area , take note . although they eye be beyond sunglass , the tilt of they head indicate they be watch Alex . minister ( cont 'd ) ... like this the child of man ... alex turn away , tense . he look at the minister . minister ( cont 'd ) ... catch when the time fall suddenly upon they . " camera push into alex , feel eye upon they . he look up ... alex be Pov - clear river be actually sexy and a bit scandalous in she black dress . still , she be off by herself , eye burn at Alex as if challenging he to challenge the word be speak . alex self - consciously turn away , unable to face she , let alone the word be speak . minister ( cont'd o.s. ) and so before we can heal , before we can escape the presence of death time , we must mourn and celebrate theirs with this memorial . wider a student with a guitar and harmonica stand at the microphone . without introduction , he begin Neil Young 's " Long May you run . " two other student remove a cloth , unveil a memorial sculpture etched with the name of the depart . the gather stand and begin pay they respects to the memorial . memorial line Carter and Terry appear in frame . Terry hold a rise . as they move slowly up toward the memorial , Alex get in line behind they . Carter know Alex be there , but will not look at he . carter hope you do not think , brown , that because my name be not on this wall ... that I owe you anything . alex I do not . carter ( be : victim ) all I owe be this people . ( turn to Alex ) to live my life to the fullest . Alex wince from Carter 's breath ... alex then maybe you should lay off the j.d. Carter have a angry reflexive reaction , grab Alex threateningly by the forearm . Terry immediately try to get Carter to release he hold . carter do not ever fuck again tell I what to do . I control I . not you . Carter and Alex lock eye , Alex refraining from show any pain cause by Carter 's grip . Terry finally get he to release . carter I be never gonna die . he move off . Terry , however , hold a beat , eye Alex and gently rub the area of he arm , as if this be the only manner she can extend she gratitiude in Carter 's presence . as Alex pat she arm , Terry quickly move off . shaken , Alex consider whether to move foward to the memorial . he step aside to let the other go ahead as billy hitchcock , who have finish pay he respects , spot Alex and head back up the line . billy I take my driver 's test this week at the dmv ... Alex turn to he , increudlously .. billy get a 70 . lowest score , but I pass . when I be do with the test , the guy who drive with you during the test , he go , " Young man , you be go to die at a very young age . " ( beat ) that true ? alex not here , not now . ( beat ) not ever ! billy sigh , and move out of frame , only to quickly re-enter ... billy if I ask out Cynthia paster , will she say " no ? " Alex flash billy a angry glare . he get the message and move off , for good . Alex return in line , move toward the memorial . Valerie lewton place a rise at the base of the memorial then study the engrave name as the student move past behind she . Alex approach , watch she as she reach out with a tremble finger , touch the etched name ... close - memorial Linda krauss ... Thomas Lewis ... John mcconnell . return Alex stand near she , sympathetically , understanding she pain .... alex Ms. lewton ... her eye fill with tear and fear . Alex place a comforting hand on she shoulder , but she react quickly , pull away from he , she eye pierce at he . ms. lewton do not talk to I . you scare the hell out of I . Alex be shattered as the teacher move away . tod enter and face the memorial . tod ( a greeting ) hey . Alex notice tod be in line behind he . Alex look around for tod 's father . he be not in line ... alex I do not want to sound gay , or nothin , but ... I miss you . tod subtly nod , reach out to the memorial . close - memorial tod 's hand move across he brother 's name ... GEORGE waggner . return as tod long for he brother , then look at he friend . tod I , too. ( beat ) but my dad do not understand . when he 's better ; you and I , road trip to the City . catch the yank . alex that 's a plan . tod nod . the two friend stand uncomfortably foar a beat before tod gesture to the podium . tod I gotta go . this thing Ms. lewton show I in she class , they be gonna let I read it . it say what I be feel . tod hold he friend 's arm for strength as he pass . clear Rivers appear in line , hold a rise . she look at the memorial , before she startling eye turn to Alex . even away from this circumstance , Alex would have trouble handle she intense maturity . as he begin to step away , she thrust the rise to he . he look up , puzzle . clear because of you ... I be still alive . thank you . Alex take the rise and she walk away . camera push in on he as he eye ... feel ... the red flower . tod ( v.o. ) we say that the hour of death can not be forecast ... time CUT : ext . mt abraham high school - day - the podium tod nervously stand before the assembly , read aloud with a sad , yet optimistic resolve . camera push in , at a ominous angle and rhythm , to the podium . tod ( cont 'd ) but when we say this , we imagine that the hour be place in a obscure and distant future . as he speak , the sunlight suddenly turn to shadow . alex look up at the sky ... the sky - alex' Pov within the deep blue , a single black cloud block the sun . alex camera inches in as , troubled , he look back to tod ... tod as he continue to read ... tod ( cont 'd ) it never occur to we that it have any connection with the day already begin or that death could arrive this same afternoon . CUT to : ext . waggner house - night - establishing Storm cloud devour a waxing crescent moon above a modest home set amongst the edge of the wood . tod ( v.o. , cont 'd ) this afternoon ... which be so certain ... and which have every hour fill in advance . int . live room - waggner house - night a lone light glow . Jerry waggner have fall asleep , perhaps pass out , recline in " dad 's chair . " tod 's mother be asleep on the sofa , ball of tissue on the floor . tod enter the room and stare sadly at he parent ... tod pick up a glass and swig the remainder of he father 's scotch before move off and climb the stair . CUT to : int . alex be bedroom - night - close - table fan swivel as it distribute its breeze . alex sit at he desk , dark circle beneath he eye . swamp the desk be printout of Internet web page and newspaper article concern the crash of Flight 180 , forensic engineering textbooks , ntsb report on past airline disaster and ... reality beyond matter : vaishnava philosophy . Alex study he mountain of research , increasingly obsessed . a o.s. paper flutter draw he attention to the newspaper be blow by the fan . he reach out and grab it . headline and photo report on the memorial service . camera push in as he sigh , troubled ... alex be Pov - newsphoto clear Rivers sit in she seat , leg cross , allure and sexy and mysterious . alex close the paper , puzzle by he reaction . he shake it off and throw the paper on the desk . Alex consider for a beat , then pull open a lower drawer . digging through the mess inside , he find he stash ... the April 1997 issue of penthouse . CUT to : int . bathroom - waggner house - night alight click on revealing a old , ' 20' build bathroom . the toilet be beside the bathtub / shower , with just enough knee space to the counter cabinet when one lift the toilet seat . tod put the lid down and unsnap he jeans . as he turn , pull he pants down and sit , camera move to the curtain ... still ... until a cold soft breeze cause they to billow . camera follows the wind as it continue into the room , rippling across shower curtain . as the breeze pass tod , he pause ... as if sense , but not understanding ... this be more than a wayward autumn breeze . he move to close the window , however , camera continue as the air make its way to the door . the door be softly push close by the breeze . back of the toilet tank tod sit , back to camera , which crane down the tank , stopping behind the lock nut and water line pipe . as the toilet flush o.s. , camera now move into the lock nut , which begin to slightly rattle . drip of water stream from the tank onto the floor . CUT to : int . alex' bedroom - night Alex flip the magazine open to a centerfold . penthouse pictorial the model 's pose and expression tempt Alex towards the momentary respite form he trouble . the caption beneath the centerfold pictorial read , " tymme have come today ! " alex consider the report on the Flight 180 crash , then return he attention to the magazine . he unzip he pants , then pause ... he eye return hesitantly to the newspaper photo of clear ... CUT to : int . bathroom - waggner house - night - close - razor blade wait on the counter . camera pull away as tod pick it up . he look at he face in the mirror , as if behind he ... a black indiscernible form , like a shadow , however , actually a presence incapable of reflect light . tod whip around ... a puddle form , creep toward the heel of tod 's stock foot . tod turn on the faucet and grab he toothbrush , squeezing paste onto the bristle . close - faucet the f.g. run water be out of focus . in the b.g. sit a unplugge radio . tod note the radio . camera flows he hand as he grab the plug . the puddle on the floor grow closer to he foot ... electrical socket the radio plug be insert . tod turn on the radio ... JOHN denver ( v.o. ) and they say that he get crazy once and he try to touch the sun . spook , quickly turn it off , unplug it and push it aside . the puddle on the floor continue to grow ... CUT to : int . alex be bedroom - night - newsphoto - clear river odd how one can appear so erotic at a funeral . alex study the photograph , then notice the rise she give he . succumb to guilt , feel like the freak all teenager believe they be , Alex set the paper back on the desk . he grab the penthouse and turn , open the desk drawer in order to return the magazine , however ... a loud bang turn Alex 's head to the window ! alex be Pov - window a owl have apparently smashed into the window , awkwardly flap its large wing , then turn its head toward Alex , large yellow eye shine like a alien creature . wider startle , Alex reflexively throw the penthouse across the room , page tear as it hit the sill . the giant bird fly off . the table fan swivel , a page catch in the whirling blade . a piece of paper tear form the magazine flit across the room . alex camera inches in on he as the piece of paper enter frame , float and flitting until landing on he knee . he pick it up and turn it over ... alex be Pov - piece of paper be tear in such a manner that the only lettler remain from the centerfold 's caption be " ... tod ... " CUT to : int . bathroom - waggner house - night - shower curtain be pull aside revealing two pair of Linda waggner 's nylon drying on a retractable clothesline . the puddle on the floor he foot slip ... tod fall foward . the retractable clothesline retract ! whipping wildly ! the soap dish tod 's hand try to grab anything to hold he . his hand slip , knock over a bottle of shampoo . tod' neck the thin clothesline coil around he neck . the plastic anchor wrap beneath the cord , essentially create a noose . puddle on the floor he slip again . tod fall against the back wall of the shower stall , pull by the retract wire . he kick with he foot , desperately try to gain a foot . shower head - tod' Pov quickly , reflect in the chrome ... the dark shadow approach ... bathtub tod 's foot slip in the slick shampoo and water . close - tod' eye flare . blood vessel burst . he groans , attempt to call out . the bathroom door be close . int . live room - waggner house - night tod 's parent remain asleep . o.s. , a faint muffle can be heard . int . bathroom - waggner house - night - close - tod' neck he hand tear at he flesh , desperately try to pull the cord from he neck . tod' eye dart desperately toward the counter . on the counter a pair of nose - hair scissors . tod chocking , gasping , face turn purple , reach for the counter . on the counter tod 's hand enter frame . the scissors , sadistically just out of reach . tod' face fall into frame , suspend by the cord , propped against the back wall of the shower stall , he bluish purple tongue grotesquely jut from he mouth . tod be Pov - death all four edge of frame appear to collapse as if by weight of the darkness until form a myopic center . then , from within the center ... appear tod 's face . although the expression be serene the pallor be grayish , until ... suddnely , shockingly ... tod 's face decay , as if ten year of rot in the grave be compress into 72 frame . tod the moment of realization ... he feet kick upon the slippery basin . after a beat ... they stop . tod as he body settles ... die ... camera pull away fully revealing he lifeless form . once behind the toilet tank , camera crane down to the floor . the water eerily retreat from the floor , slip back toward the base of the toilet and like a murderer , slip out of the night . CUT to : ext . waggner house - later - close - siren light whirl and flash into camera . camera crane down , adjusting to reveal a paramedics vehicle , a Sullivan County , n.y. sheriff 's patrol car and unmark sedan . camera continue moving until revealing Alex brown racing down the sidewalk . he run into a close - up , sweat , out of breath , expression horrify as he take in the scene before he . special agent schreck and weine stand in the front yard . schreck subtly redirect weine 's attention toward ... alex - special agent Pov the boy franically move to a paramedic . alex what happen ? be tod alright ? schreck and weine hearing this , they turn to one another , with a expression suggest a deepen suspicion . alex see the officer . assume they be sympathetic to he concern , he start toward they , until ... clear ( o.s. ) Alex ! Alex stop , look around . behind the tree and in the shadow of the adjacent house , stand clear Rivers . clear ( cont 'd ) ( a warning ) get outta here ! camera push into alex , stunne , but before he can ask any further question , a metallic clacking draw he attention back toward the house . alex' Pov - a cover gurney be roll out of the front door by paramedics and a official with a jacket mark " coroner , " behind the body follow tod 's father . he pause in the doorway as he spot Alex in the front yard . alex be pale , nauseous . his eye follow he friend 's dead body as it be roll toward the paramedics vehicle . tod 's father approach Alex , the agent stand nearby . alex what ... what happen ? Mr. waggner glare at Alex , accusingly . mr. waggner do not you ... " see " it ? Alex be stung , guilty . he avert he eye . schreck and weine note this reaction . mr. waggner ( cont 'd ) could not you " predict " it ? could not you read he mind ? Alex remain silent , hurt . alex Mr. waggner ... mr. waggner you cause tod so much guilt over George stay on the plane that ... ( break down ) he take he own life . Alex be stunne , defensive . alex he would not do it ! Mr. waggner turn toward the paramedics van , as if " there 's the proof . " alex he ... he tell I we would be friend again after you get better . after you get over George . why would he make plan for the future if he be plan on kill himself ? mr. waggner all my wife and I will ever know be we would not have lose we youngest son ... if you would tell we oldest to get off the plane . Alex be rock as if have take a punch to the face . Mr. waggner begin to walk toward the peramedics vehicle . Alex eye the f.b.i. agent , who , after study for a beat , turn and move toward they vehicle . the gather spectator begin whisper to one another , clearly about Alex , cause he to search for , what appear to be , he only ally , clear Rivers . alex be Pov - adjacent yard clear be go . front yard everyone have move away from Alex , leave he very alone . Alex 's eye remain lock on the peramedics ' vehicle . as the ambulance door close on the body of he best friend ... CUT to : ext . neighborhood - day - close - leave on tree a soft summer breeze pass through the leave on a tree . a yellow leaf drop from the branch and flutter to the ground . camera follows until it fall upon a old crack sidewalk . a pair of wear nike enter frame just as the leaf drop before they . the foot and camera hold until craning up to reveal Alex , stare at the leaf with a expression reminiscent of the tear paper 's message about " ... tod . " clear ( o.s. ) almost Autumn . Alex look off toward a small unkept house , nestle at the edge of the wood . in the open garage stand clear Rivers amongst cluttere artwork , supplies and tool . her t-shirt 's sleeve have be cut off and neck - line cut low . her jeans have a revealing hole at the spot which once be a back pocket . she wear heavy black work shoe . a dog rest nearby on the floor . alex it 's only the end of June . clear ( shrug ) yeah , but everthing 's always in transition . if you focus , even now , one week into summer ... you can feel Autumn come . ( beat ) almost like bein ' able ... to see the future . Alex read she intention loud and clear . she return to she artwork . the dog growls softly as Alex appraches the garage . int / ext . garage - clear river ' house - day enter the garage , Alex get a closer look at she artwork . it 's abstract sculpture and canvas work and pretty bad , at that . clear know what this be ? she gesture to he to approach she . he tense , awkward , but move closer . clear lift a plastic cover off a canvas . beneath be a mess of green and brown and orange ; teen angst poorly communicate . glue to the center be a twisted piece of metal . alex like , um ... you be mad about something ? she sigh , " thanks a lot , " then proud , but not enough to make she appear foolish over she bad artwork , indicate the metal . clear a piece of debris ... from the plane . I go to the shore off the crash site and it wash up on the beach . alex you go there ? I have want to go there , but I think it be off limit . clear it be . but that do not stop I . should not stop you . Alex gently touch the piece of the plane , almost expect to feel something more than cold metal . he look to clear ... alex why be you there last night ? while she clean brushes with a can of turpentine ... clear look , I have see enough t.v. to know the f.b.i. do not investigate teen suicide . but they be there last night , that mean : one , they still do not have a clue what cause the crash . two , they have not rule out anything . and the fact that seven people get off the plane be probably weird enough , not to mention , that one of that people have a vision , or whatever , of it explode minute before it do explode , be highly suspicious . and it do not help that the visionary ' friend just commit suicide . Alex eye she for a long beat . she turn away from he , return the can of turpentine to a shelf . alex why be you there last night ? clear turn to Alex . the two could not appear more different . she move to a sculpture , a ugly black and green globular sculpture with a white dot in the center . clear know what this be ? Alex , cock he eyebrow probably think , " a mess ? " but tactfully shake he head " no . " clear it 's you . remain dry and stone face , Alex tense , uncomfortable . clear not a likeness . it 's how you make I feel , Alex . alex I be ... really sorry . clear like you , the sculpture do not even know what , or why , it be . reluctant to take form . and , yet , create a absolute but incomprehansible attraction . uncertain , and yet move , Alex listen . clear ( cont 'd ) before that day , you be just another suburban nothing that would never have anything to do with my life . and I be sure you think I be some Marilyn Manson body - pierce freak , or whatever . ( beat ) but at that moment ... on the plane ... I feel what you feel . I do not know where all that emotion be come from until you start freaking out . Alex sigh , embarrassed . clear ( cont 'd ) I do not see what you see , but I feel it . okay , I be not into all that X - file bullshit ... but it be a psychic connection . why to I ? why to you ? jarred , he eye she , frighten . clear and you can still feel it , can not you ? something from that day be still with you . I know , because I can still feel you . Alex be increasingly uncomfortable with the subject , but ease by clear 's apparent , somewhat , understanding . lower he tone ... clear that 's why I be there last night . alex I have never deal with death before . I be not alive when my grandparent die . I wish I could know . I mean , all this ... could just be in we head . now it feel like it 's everywhere . clear " it ? " alex what if tod ... be just the first ... of we ? the idea send a shot of apprehension through clear . clear be that something you be " feel ? " alex I do not know . I wish I could just see he ... one more time , then , maybe ... I would know . clear then , let 's go see he ! Alex react , shocked and yet she impulsiveness be exciting ... CUT to : int . funeral home - foyer - night camera be low , move across the paisley carpet . dim light , spilling through the stain glass window , fall upon the creepy decor , appear as if design by a morose Laura Ashley , floor model coffin and urn . camera continue , tilting up to the ceiling , revealing a stain glass skylight . outside , on the roof , two silhouettes appear ... the skylight hinge crack open . clear lead the way . lift the frame , then drop it throught the skylight window . Alex be not as smooth as he socius criminus . use he knee to slow he descent , he hang from the sill for a moment before drop to the carpet . camera move with Alex and clear through the unsettle reception area ; plastic flower , gold candelabra , plaster cherub and angel . a bronze plaque identify : " mt . abraham funeral home . the journey' end . william bludworth - intermediary . " clear ( whisper ) give I a rush ... alex this place ?! clear doin ' something ' I be not suppose to . with a hot , mischievous smile , clear proceed toward the hallway . Alex anxiously sigh ... then follow . int . downstair hallway - funeral home - night a elevator with collapsible metal door lower into frame . push the door aside , Alex and clear proceed into the hallway , line with morgue green tile . Stainless steel gurney and porcelain equipment hold yellow surgical tub and thick foot - long needle sit in the corridor . a faint light spill from beneath a doorway . clear reach out to the knob but Alex quickly grab she hand . from a cart behind they , he pull a latex glove out of a box and snap it on . clear good call . very " quincy . " Alex try the doorknob . lock . he look at she , defeat . clear quickly point to some mortician 's tool on the cart . from it , Alex produce a thin six inch needle . he insert the tool in the lock and jimmy the doorknob . clack ! int . morgue - funeral home - night a lone desk lamp shine . across the room , lay on a porcelain table , fluid drain tube attach , lie tod . a sheet be pull up to he shoulder . he carry the macabre appearence of a corspe have be make up by a mortician . Hair comb and spray , skin tone too orange , blush too rouge and lip too red . as Alex and clear approach ... alex that ... he ? clear I think . but why would they make he up like ... Michael Jackson ? alex that 's he , but ... he 's not here . that ... whatever ... that whatever make he tod be go . suddenly , tod jerk ; he hand lift four inch ... alex clear ahhh ! fuck ! you fuck ohmygod ! ohmygod ! ohmygod ! asshole . you think this he 's not dead ? be funny , you fuck dick ? tod , if you be not dead I be gonna fuck kill you ! mr. bludworth ( o.s. ) please do not yell ... both be jolted again with shock , turn toward the voice ... mr . bludworth camera push , low angle , into willaim bludworth , a African - american man , early 50' , dress in dark suit and tie . mr. bludworth you will wake the dead . he flash a dry mortician 's smile , pleased by he want pun . Alex and clear have not recover from the corspe 's action to calmly address bludworth .. alex why ..? Alex complete he question by raise he hand , ala tod 's dead body . bludworth nod , understanding ... mr. bludworth chemical in the vascular flush create cadaveric spasm . as the startle of the situation settles , it dawns on Alex that they have be bust . he nervously offer a explanation . alex I be ... a friend of he . his best friend . see , he father ... mr. bludworth ( ominous ) I know who you be . the mortician eye Alex , understanding . Alex sense this and ease . clear move toward tod 's body , examine the neck area . clear they say he hang himself , but there 's no mark . mr. bludworth I craft a reconstruction of the laryngeal prominence region with velvetone surgical Wax and permaseal . clear move in for a closer look , then call Alex over to the body . after a beat of reluctance , Alex look at tod 's neck . alex what be all that tiny mark ? alex be Pov - close - tod' neck the wound have be fill with wax and cover by greasepaint . at this proximity , however , it be apparent tiny cut line the area above and below the large cut make by the wire . mr. bludworth ( v.o. ) cuticle laceration . wider alex why would he pull at the wire if he be commit suicide ? clear why would they say it be a suicide ... if it be not ? because of the supernatural " message " he recieve , Alex be reluctant to answer . he eye Mr. bludworth , who , with a wry half smile , eye Alex as if aware of the reason behind he hesitation . alex his father 's pretty fuck up with denial . maybe he could not deal with the think of a other accident ... take another son . mr. bludworth in death ... camera inches toward the mortician . in this environment , light with fritz lang shadow , bludworth 's tone , appearance ... he could easily be mistaken for personification of the subject . mr. bludworth ... there be no accident . no coincidencess . no mishap . ( smile ) and no ... escape . alex you say tod do kill himself ? bludworth move to tod on the drain table , disconnect the tube connect the body to the embalm chemical . mr. bludworth suicide . murder . plane crash . what do it matter ? he be go to end someday . from the minute you be cut loose from the womb ... it 's a one way ticket on a trip to the tomb . vile liquid ooze out of the body onto the porcelain table . mr. bludworth you may not realize it , but we be all just a mouse that a cat have by its tail . every single move we make , from the mundane to the monumental ... the red light we stop at , or run ; the people we have sex with , or will not with we ; the airplane we ride , or walk out of ... be all a part of death 's sadistic design lead to the grave . alex Design ? the mortician consider as he drain some yellowish green fluid from the table . he shrug then continue he work ... mr. bludworth if life be like a box of chocolate ... death ... death be like a big milton Bradley game of " mouse trap . " the day you be bear be just the boot , hang from the streetlamp , kick the marble to get thing roll . grow up be only the marble roll down the curving chute . you feel immortal have survive school , sex , drug and ' rock and ' roll , but you have really only upset the big hand hold the steel ball that fall into the bathtub . Marriage and kid and career seem to make it all worthwhile until the ball hit the see-saw and flip the diving man into the big barrel . in the old folk home or the hospital you just see the big cage rattling down until it capture ... the mouse . ( beat ) game over . Alex consider as clear eye he , convey " this guy 's whacked ! " Alex move toward bludworth ... alex maybe there 's no way to win ... but ... if you figure out the game ... you know where the " steel ball be roll " could not you avoid the trap and extend the play time ? could not you ... cheat death at its own game ? Mr. bludworth look directly at Alex . camera move in on each , individually ... this between the two of they . mr. bludworth you already do that by walk off the plane . now you gotta out when and how it will come back at you . ( beat ) play you hunch , Alex . if you think you can get away from it . ( beat ) but beware the risk of cheating the plan , disrespect the design ... could iniciate a horrifying fury that would terrorize even the grim reaper . ( beat ) and you do not even want to fuck with that mack daddie . Alex 's eye be lock on bludworth 's chill , pleasant smile . the mortician yank on a tube , revealing a foot long needle remove from tod 's spinal column . the horrific nature of death be vividly demonstrate to Alex . alex I be sorry we break in . mr. bludworth no harm . no foul . Alex grab she arm , start toward the door . clear we do not find what we be look for . Alex look at bludworth ... alex yeah , we do . mr . bludworth camera push into the mortician , pleased the message have be recieve . mr. bludworth I will see you soon . CUT to : ext . MAIN STREET - day braking loudly , startlingly , a public bus pull into camera and stop . the door hiss open . clear ( o.s. ) the mortician be whacked . camera adjust as Alex and clear step off the bus and onto the street . clear ( cont 'd ) he be trippin ' on formaldehyde . clear start up the street , but Alex grab she arm and step back , assure the bus move off ... safely . he nod , " it 's safe to go . " throughout the follow , he eye be search for anything potentially deadly . alex he say death have a design . even before he say that I have be see pattern . clear ( sarcastic ) as in flannel and plaid ? up ahead , scaffold rise before a building be restore . o.s. , hammering and construction work pound from above . in the f.g. , tool and metal spike . after a " thumb up " gesture , the rope be pull up and out of frame . alex how many die on Flight 180 ? from we group ? clear thirty-nine . alex remember the gate number ? as clear take a moment to consider , Alex steer they well around the scaffold , eye skyward during the move ... clear no . alex thirty-nine . this be a creepy fact . even though past the construction , Alex check over he shoulder to assure they be out of harm 's way . alex remember the departure time ? clear like ... 4:25 . reaching a intersection , Alex push the pedestrian traffic light button , then step well away from the curb . pedestrian traffic signal the halting red hand be light . alex ( v.o. ) do you know when I be bear ? intersection clear sigh , grow impatient with Alex . clear 4:25 . alex right . April 25th . clear wait . I think you mean the time of you birth . four / twenty -five , as in , month and day ... that 's a reach . pedestrian traffic signal the halting red hand turn to the little white walk man . intersection clear take a step off the sidewalk and onto the street . Alex tug she back , look both way while outrage by she challenge . alex my birthday be the same as of the time I be mean to die ! that 's a reach !? vroom ! a car indeed make a right , tearing through the intersection . once past , Alex take clear by the arm and hustle they across the street . clear you be sounding like that people who , you know ... " oswald shot Kennedy from a warehouse and hide in a theatre and Booth shot lincoln in a theatre and hide in a warehouse . " camera hold revealing a unmark sedan park across and down from a Starbucks with outdoor seating . schreck and weine sit in the car , eye coolly lock on Alex and clear . down the STREET - heading west billy hitchcock ride toward the Starbucks on he bicycle . ext . starbucks - day sit outside , Alex hunch over the table , increasingly anxious . clear listen ; expression skeptical . alex I be not just layin ' down a bunch of math here , with this . I be talk about indication ... omen ... that day , that we be mean to die . that , if , we have be aware of ... would have save everyone on the plane . clear that 's total bullshit . you can find death omen anywhere you want to . she pick up she paper coffee cup . clear ( cont 'd ) hey , look ! " coffee " start with a " C " and end with a " E . " so do the word " choke ! " we be go to choke to death ! oh no ! starbuck be a whaler . we be go to be harpoon ! Alex angrily glare at clear . clear drop she tone . clear ( cont 'd ) you will go nut if you start with that shit . Ms. lewton appear from around the corner . she start toward the entrance , but pause , tensing when she see Alex . he cautiously flash a greeting smile . the teacher , however , avert she eye and continue into the coffee shop . Alex sigh , guiltily . clear sympathize with both of they . clear she 's leave the school . move away . Alex study , appeal to she ... alex clear , how do we know that by just sit here , breathe this air or sip the coffee , have cross the street ... we have not start in motion the event that will lead to we death ? fifty year from now . ten year . tomorrow . ( beat ) you do not unless ... you be able to open yourself to the sign I be willing to show you . he lean foward , remove a peice of paper from he pocket . close - alex' hand slide across the table . open he hand reveal the piece of paper read , " ... tod ... " clear 's hand enter's frame to take the paper . camera follows as she raise it , she expression obviously puzzle . as she eye Alex for a explanation , camera crane down quickly to the empty paper cup on the table ... ... a slight approach breeze knock they over . down the STREET - heading west a somewhat cherry 70' muscle car speed in the direction of the Starbucks . Carter Horton be drive . Terry chaney ride shotgun . Carter look out the window . carter' Pov - moving - alex and clear she hold the paper as Alex , apparently , explain the story . carter' car carter scowl , he anger rise as he slow , stare at the perceive reason for he problem . alex and clear her eye turn from the paper to Alex , concerned about he ... clear I do not understand ... do you see tod die ? do it happen again , like on the plane ? alex no , but it might as well be the same thing . this be a message ... from someone , or something ... hint ... at the design . clear Alex , on the plane ... you must have experience ... some kind of hyper awareness . but here ... you be suggest tod 's death ... and maybe we own ... will happen because of ... a active presence . Alex nod , feel she 's understanding . alex the mortician say death have a design . now ... if you , I , tod , Carter , Terry , billy , Ms. lewton mess up that design , because , for whatever reason , I be able to see death 's plan ... then we cheat it . ( beat ) but what if it be we time , what if we be not mean to get off that plane ? what if it be still be we time ? if ... it ... be still not finish with we ? we will all still die ; now , not later . Troubled and deeply concerned , clear study Alex . alex ( cont 'd ) unless ... we find the pattern . and cheat it again . clear set the paper down , look sadly at Alex . clear after hearing you , just now ... I do believe ... Alex lean back and sigh , relieved ... clear ( cont 'd ) ... that tod kill himself . Alex be take aback , hurt and angry . alex then there 's no one leave who can help I . carter' car his eye have never leave Alex , Carter suddenly crank the wheel hard to the leave to make a tight U - turn . billy hitchcock ride he bike . he react , startle by ... billy hitchcock's Pov - carter' car barrel down towards he . the car cut in front of the bicycle to complete the u-turn . wider billy swerve to the leave , directly in front of a oncoming car . the car swerve right , as do billy , avoid a certain fatal collision for the cyclist . the oncoming car honk ! Carter 's car pull up to the curb . oblivious to the accident he almost cause , Carter get out , strutting toward the table outside the coffee shop . Inside the car , Terry sigh ... terry baby , come on ... not now . but she boyfriend continue . she get out and hustle after he . alex and clear they attention draw by the commotion , clear and Alex watch Carter Horton approach they , follow by Terry , who stop , irk , near the curb at the crosswalk . terry Carter ... at that moment , Ms. lewton exit with a ezpresso drink . sense trouble , she have no energy or desire to involve herself . carter kind of have a reunion , here . terry let it go ! Carter step before Ms. lewton , block she exit ... carter when be you move ? ms. lewton a couple of week . she can not wait to leave . while try to walk around Carter ... carter we be lose we favorite teacher . alex look , there 's something you should all know . clear Alex ... Carter eye Alex , continue the taunt . he raise the volume of he word to drow out Alex 's word and incite conflict . carter ( cont 'd ) alex ( cont 'd ) live here she whole life . this will be hard to believe . Ms. lewton 's eye flash to Alex , afraid of he . carter ( cont 'd ) alex ( cont 'd ) and now she have to move . listen to I , we may all all because of brown . be in danger ... terry shut up ! the both of you ! the two boy stop they heat exchange . terry ( cont 'd ) they die ! we live ! ( beat ) get over it ! I will not let that plane crash be the most important thing in my life . I be move on , Carter , and if you be gonna waste you life beat the shit out of Alex everytime you see he , then you can just drop fuck dead ! head and shoulder remain angrily in Carter 's direction , Terry take a blind step off the curb and into the crosswalk , without a CUT ... a bus suddenly speed into frame and , thud ! plow directly right into she ... alex , clear , carter and ms . lewton be splatter with blood before they can even recoil . CUT to : int . browning live room - night - close - alka seltzer fizzle in the glass , while o.s. , a phone ring ... alex have crash , watch CNN . it 's a tense recline . Red circle rim the lid of he eye . he sip from the glass to settle he stomach . Ken appear from the kitchen , hand over the reciever . ken it 's that girl ... clear . no response from Alex . Ken sigh , then into the phone ... ken he 's in the shower , clear . can I have he get back at ya ? sure ... bye . Ken return to the live room , concerned about he son . Alex avert he eye , stress and ashamed . Ken sit nearby . ken ( cont 'd ) she 's concerned about you . ( beat ) I be concerned about you . Alex turn he eye to the glass . ken ( cont 'd ) why do not you want to talk to she ... or I ? alex dad ... you and mom have help I out , so much . but there 's ... some thing I need to understand before I can talk ... to anyone about it . the father respects this young man 's wish . Ken nod " fair enough . " in the silent moment , o.s. , from the television ... CNN anchor ( o.s. ) the National transportation Safety board have a new theory tonight on the possible cause of Euro - Air Flight 180 ... Alex quickly grab the remote and turn up the volume ... telivision a computer graphic illustration the area of the lower fuselage . CNN anchor ( cont 'd , v.o. ) deterioration of silicon insulation on a electrical connector to the scavenger pump may have leak combustible fluid . alex and ken Alex remain rivete to the screen . CNN anchor ( cont 'd , v.o. ) a spark in the fuel switch ... television the graphic zoom into the area in the rear right side , nearly above tod 's seat . alex ( o.s. ) that 's tod 's seat ... alex camera push in as he listen ... CNN anchor ( cont 'd , v.o. ) ... may have ignite the fuel line . and proceed to the fuel pump . television the high - tech computer image trace the path of the explosion through the plane . a red line represent the fuel line zig through the body of the plane , make a sharp turn forward to the fuel pump , which explode . jag line show the direction of the explosion move backwards toward the rear of the plane . match CUT to : int . alex be bedroom - day - 747 schematic draw in Alex 's hand , and hundred of step down from CNN computer image , yet accurate as Alex 's finger trace the path , away from the seat mark " I " and " clear . " the path start over " tod , " then move to " terry . " the line move forward away from " carter " toward the fuel pump . the corresponding jag picture of the explosion back be reminiscent of the " hand of death , " see earlier in the lightning . it be a graphic demonsration of the arbitrary nature of death . alex be amp , intensely more frighten as he believe ... alex the path of the explosion ... ( a whisper ) that 's death 's design . it instantly , frightfully , occur to he , he now know who will be next ... close - schematic Alex 's finger quickly move along the fuel line . after " terry , " the seat intersect the path of the fule line , over the fuel pump , be mark " ms. lewton . " CUT to : int . valerie lewtone house - night - valerie lewton enter's frame , on the phone , wear a t-shirt and sweat . ms. lewton ( o.s. ) some night I be wake up by the sound of my own voice , you know , inside my head , goin ' , " no , you know the whole french thing . get on the plane . " move box be stack in the live room ; organize disarray of relocate . the house be old , be in the family forever . Dust mark the wall where frame photo and artwork be once display . ms. lewton ( cont 'd ) everything here remind I ... of send Mr. murnau back on the plane ... right , I be hope a change will help ... I live here my whole life and wherever I look be great memory , you know ... but now all I can see be Mr. murnau ... that kid . just look out my own front yard ... make I feel mothing but fear . she peek out of the front curtain and look sadly upon she front yard . her expression alter ... alarmed ... ext . lewton be house - night - ms. lewton be Pov - front yard the figure be Alex brown . int . ms. lewtone house - night Ms. lewton step away from the curtain . ms. lewton ( quickly ) Laura , I gotta call you back . she immediately hang up and speed dial . ms. lewton ( cont 'd ) this be Valerie lewton . I need agent schreck ... time CUT : ext . lewtone house - night Alex have move closer to she house , remain in the shadow . he check for any passer - by . be sure there be none , he creep toward Ms. lewton 's car . he visually inspect the exterior . as he kick the tire ... a unmark sedan screech up . Doors open ... startle , Alex turn to find ... special agent schreck and weine stand in the street , backlit in the strong headlight of they car . schreck what be you do ? alex be nervous but determine . he tell the truth ... alex check the air in she tire to make sure they be safe . special agent schreck and weine after a beat of incredulity ... schreck get in the car . int . ms. lewton be house - night - valerie lewton be watch , peek out she front curtain . o.s. , car door close . the vehicle roar off . she release the curtain and move back , feel somewhat better , but still rattle . then ... the curtain billow as if blow by a breeze . Ms. lewton appear puzzle as she move the curtain aside to find the window close . as camera push in on her , tensing and uneasy ... CUT to : int . interrogation room - police station - night Alex sit behind a table in the cinderblock room paint police station green . sitting across from he , with a good cop tone , be agent weine , while schreck stand with a hard - ass posture . alex I believe that ... Ms. lewton 's next . weine " next ? " alex yes ... see , there 's this ... pattern ... that 's occure . weine ( sarcastic ) oh , you have notice it , too ? CUT to : int . ms. lewtone house - night Ms. lewton move to a closet door , open it and click on a overhead light . kneel down , she tug on a heavy box and open it to check the content . her expression warm , as if recalling a far off memory . ms. lewton oh ... mom 's favorite . she slide a vinyl record album out of the sleeve and move to the turntable on a shelf , thick with dust . Valerie place the record on the stereo and set the needle on the album . camera sweep in close to the turntable , although spin around and around ... the bold letter of the center label can be read ... JOHN denver ... the open acoustic guitar of " Rocky Mountain High " have never sound so eerie ... JOHN denver ( v.o. ) he be bear in the summer of he twenty - seventh year ... please with the feel of a pleasant memory , lewton move off . int . interrogation room - police station - night schreck move closer to Alex . schreck where would you get this " pattern " from ? you have another " vision ? " maybe see it in some t.v. static ? Alex be insulted by the condescending tone . alex I do not ask for what happen to I on the plane . you can make fun of I . you can think I be a nut . I be use to it . I save six life but the entire school act like I be a freak . Fine . Alex take a nervous breath ... alex I be not suffer from Post traumatic stress . I have not develop a narcissistic deity complex . I be not go dahmer . ( beat ) this just be . there 's a pattern in place for you . and you . there 's a design for everyone . the agent study Alex ... alex ( sigh ) and I be not sure yet how ... but I intend to break this one . CUT to : int . ms. lewtone kitchen - night - set of cutlery knive hold in a wooden block , sit atop the kitchen counter . in the b.g. , Valerie remove the chrome teapot from the stove and move it to the sink . JOHN denver continue in the next room . Ms. lewton turn on the faucet , pour water into the kettle . some water spill on the side of the kettle . as she wipe the pot with a blue check hand towel , a dark shadow appear to cross behind she . lewton turn . camera follows , circle as she look about the room only to find she be alone . unsettel , she absently toss the towel on the counter the edge which , catch a knife blade hold in the cutery block . stove Ms. lewton turn on the gas , adjust it , however ... the flame blow out . she pause , nerve on edge . her eye cautiously move about the room and find nothing . she grab a pack of nearby match and strike one . JOHN denver ( v.o. ) he leave yesterday behind he / you might say he 's bear again ... camera push into the burner as the flame re-ignite and fill the frame ... CUT to : int . interrogation room - police station - night weine sit across from Alex , symapthetic , but professional ... weine Alex , you get we attention , at first , because you be under suspicion in the plane explosion . Alex tense , but weine shake he head . weine ( cont 'd ) I know you do not blow up that plane . Alex sigh , ease . weine ( cont 'd ) I do not believe you have magical power . no one have any ... control over life and death ... unless ... that person be take life and cause death . weine lean forward toward Alex ... weine ( cont 'd ) Alex ... can you promise I that no one else will die ? alex no ... I can not . as long as I be in here , it 's outta my control . the agent be take aback by he answer ; unnerve by he sincerity . weine sigh and look to he partner , who sigh , frustrated and turn away . weine alright , go on . get outta here . Alex stand and , with no urgency , move off . he exit the room . schreck kid give I the creep . weine we get nothing to hold he . schreck I do not mean that ... ( beat ) there 's a couple of time , there ... I almost believe he . weine consider , yet remain skeptical . weine sometimes , you give I the creep . CUT to : int . ms. lewton be house - night - close - teapot whistles . JOHN denver ( v.o. ) when he first come to the mountain , he life be far away ... coffee mug - overhead two tea bag be drop inside , then the steaming hot water . ms . lewton pick up the cup , raise it toward she lip . she pause , she expression turn tragic . on a reflex , she spin toward the sink and throw the hot content into the drain . she sit the mug down ... a coffee mug enter frame ... display the logo of the mt. abraham Fighting colonial . ms . lewton tremble . she take a deep breath , get a hold of herself . ms. lewton you gotta stop this ! stop this ! it 's just a stupid mug. ( compose ) you be outta here . pretty soon ... you will be go . open the refrigerator frezzer , she grab some ice and a bottle of pure Polish vodka then deliberately turn back toward the same mug ... coffee mug the ice cube plunk . the cold alchohol pour into the hot mug . camera push into the mug as ... it slightly crack , vodka drip out of the base . lewton 's hand pick up the mug , oblivious to the crack . she move off toward the live room , leave a trail of alcohol . CUT to : ext . police station - night Alex exit the police station , walk . he check over he shoulder to see if he be be watch and increase he pace , leg whipping across frame ... CUT to : int . ms. lewtone house - night Valerie lewton tear off a piece of plastic bubble wrap . she stand over she desk , place against the wall . on the desk be she desktop computer monitor . JOHN denver ( v.o. ) it 's the Colorado Rocky Mountain High ... she pause to swig from she cup of vodka . extremely close - coffee mug alcohol drip from she mug ... extremely close - computer monitor vent ... fluid drip inside the circuitry . ms . lewton set the mug out of the way on the back edge of she desk . close - coffee mug the remain vodka ooze from the crack , pool , then drip off the edge of the desk ... JOHN denver I have see it rainin ' fire from the sky ... camera crane down to reveal the moniter cabel insert into a electrical wall socket . the vodka drip ... drip ... drip past frame . then , lewton 's hand enter and pull the monitor plug , create tiny SPARKS at the connection ... on the floor the alcohol ignites ... ms . lewton she back be to the desk , while pour styrofoam peanut into the box . in the b.g. , flame , nearly supernaturally , leap up the walland toward the computer monitor . close - computer monitor - through the vent the interior catch fire , cause a electrical pop ! ms . lewton turn , hold she sheet of bubble wrap , shocked by the flame . the computer monitor on the screen , the reflection of the approach shadow pass before the monitor ... explode ! ms . lewton a large jag shard from the monitor fly into she throat . blood squirt from she neck onto the bubble wrap . her stunne expression be sickeningly numb from shock . JOHN denver ( v.o. ) Rocky Mountain High / colorad-oh . she reach up to reflexively pull the glass from she throat , create a flood of spurting blood . she drop the glass and quickly stumble toward the kitchen , blindly bang the turntable as she pass . the needle skip , bump ... and settles ... umercifully at the start of " Rocky Mountain High . " CUT to : ext . neighborhood STREET - night Alex walk quickly up the street . smoke waft before he . he turn to see a man burn leave in the backyard . the breeze intensify , lift the burn debris . the smoke swirl around he . camera push into alex as he sense the presence . he look ahead . alex be Pov - two dozen leave mystically float past he , each on fire . alex sense the taunting message and break into a full sprint , pass through many of the burn leave that break up into the bright orange cinder against the black sky . CUT to : int . live room - lewton be house - night - the flame reach the coffee mug , ignite the trickle stream lead to , and away from , the crack in the cup . floor flame ride the small trickle of vodka back toward the kitchen ... int . kitchen - lewton be house - night Valerie lewton race in , desperately press she hand to she throat as she gurgle and choke on the blood from the wound . she lean over the now red sink . she turn pale from the blood loss . the stove the flame stream shoot up the stove , lighting the burner . ms . lewton behind she , the stove erupt in flame . they jump , leap like a tiger , landing on she shoulder and hair , which catch on fire ... CUT to : ext . lewtone house - night Alex approach the front of the house . from here , nothing appear to be wrong . as he catch he breath , sweat , visually examine the house . from inside , a hoarse , macabre scream ! camera push in on alex , stunne , before he race off toward the house . int . lewton be house - night - ms. lewton drop into frame on her kitchen floor , hair and sweatshirt aflame . she desperately roll on the floor and manage to extinguish the flame . on she back , on the floor , she be badly burn . her open neck wound continue to bleed . blood pool on the floor . in shock and move on pure survial instinct , she reach up ... lewtone Pov - ( looking up ) - the hand towel the lower third of the towel dangle over the edge of the counter top . her hand grab it , and pull . counter top the drape edge of the towel pull over the cutlery block . the knife spill out , entangle with the hand towel . alex ( o.s. ) Ms. lewton ! kitchen doorway Alex rush across the threshold as Ms. lewton pull the knife over the counter . ms . lewton a half dozen knife , from small , but sharp , cut blade to large butcher knife , cascade into she body . JOHN denver ( v.o. ) they say that he get crazy once and he try to touch the sun ... her hand tremble , she expression horrify , lewton grab the handle of the large blade , try to pull it out . Alex quickly kneel next to she . she look at he , in shock , she eye plead . Alex gather he courage , place he hand on the handle of the large blade . as he 's about to remove it ... the stove a gas line erupt , create a small explosion . the counter top the cutlery block be knock off of the counter ... ms . lewton the block land directly on the butcher knife handle , drive the blade further into Ms. lewton 's body . lewton be Pov - the shadow descend , the frame collapsing until she face , eerily peaceful , but lifeless gray , horrifically decay ... flesh rotting , worm feed on muscle until only a skull remain . ms . lewton as death arrive , she eye be macabrely focus above she . alex even as blood squirt on he from she open wound , he appear to realize she be " see " the moment of death . alex Ms. lewton ! flame leap from the stove to the curtain , which catch fire . Alex grab the knife and pull it out . he quickly remove another and another ... yet there be no reaction from the woman . know she be dead , Alex pause with guilt . he look at the knife in he hand , then realize how incriminate this could appear . in that moment , another small explosion from the stove bring Alex quickly to he foot . he drop the knife to the floor and race from the house . camera tilt down to the shoe print leave in the pool of blood . CUT to : ext . lewtone STREET - night Alex run with all he strength away from Valerie lewton 's home . billy hitchcock be riding he bicycle in Alex 's direction . he stop and get off he bike . billy hey , Alex ... Alex appear unaware as he simply run past billy , who curiously turn he head to watch Alex race up the street . o.s. , the crackling of FIRE . camera move into billy as he turn back , reacting with shock to Ms. lewton 's house . the house from inside , a intense explosion propel glass from the window . flame engulf the entire house . alex even down the street , he be knock to he foot by the blast . in the distance , siren from approach police and FIRE truck be heard . he stand , look to the now suspicious billy ... then opt to run off away from the scene . escape into the dark backyard of the neighborhood . CUT to : int . / ext . garage - clear river ' house - day - clear river tense , she eye look leave , then right ... clear I do not know where he be . he 's not talk to I . wider Agents schreck and weine stand before clear in she garage . weine why ? she study the man before averting she eye . clear because I do not believe he . the agent study she . weine accept the explanation . schreck 's eye take a walk around the artwork in the garage , pause on a piece of twisted metal from the crash . clear tense , however ... schreck if he should contact you , it would be in the best interest of you own safety to contact we . schreck hand he card . she take it and nod . schreck pause , once again eyeing the painting before move out of the garage on they way to they car . camera push in on clear as she look at the business card . CUT to : ext . mt. abraham high school - night camera push in on Flight 180 Memorial , light for dramatic effect at night , but only achieve a eeriness . Carter Horton and billy hitchcock enter frame , move toward the monument . billy be riding he bicycle , wear a New York ranger jersey with " hitchcock " across the back of the shoulder . near the shadow , the two boy stop look at the monument . Carter pull put a heavy pocket knife and start attempt to cut into the stone . clear Rivers appear from the shadow . clear what be you do ? carter Terry 's name should be on this wall . clear be touch by the action . carter ( cont 'd ) so , why would you want we to meet you here ? now ? clear they be watch I , see if I go to Alex . billy be you ? clear they will follow my car . ( beat ) that 's why you be take I . carter why would I want to see he ? clear eye the two of they . with the memorial stand behind they ... clear because he know which one of we be next . as Carter and billy feel the chill of they inner fear ... CUT to : ext . highway - night the muscle car roar onto U.S. 17 on ramp . a sign near the road indicate : " middletown - 25 mi. New York City - 105 mis . " int . carter' car - night Carter check the rearview mirror . clear look out the front passenger window . she shake she head , as if " no one 's follow we . " billy lean forward from the backseat ... billy um ... okay ... drive the speed limit , right ? he sit back , out of frame , but quickly dart forward . billy ( cont 'd ) and do not pass on the right . carter billy ! I be gettin ' a vision ! you be the next one ... billy ( nervous ) hey , man , why would you say that ?! carter ' Cause if you say another word , I be gonna fuck ' kill ya ! billy sit back , gesture , " hear ya . get it . " clear pay no attention to they exchange as she stare out into the darkness , she thought a million mile away . ext . seashore - jone beach sate park - night a post sign indicate " accident site . any debris found should be reported to the ntsb ( 212)555 - ntsb . " camera find Carter 's car pull up to a stop . clear open the passenger door and pause in the car a while ... clear he could be anywhere from here to a mile down the shore . you guy drive down there , start this way and we will meet around the middle . it will take half the time . clear close the door . Carter and billy drive off . as she look to the beach . CUT to : ext . beach - night camera , facing the ocean , move along the shore revealing a lone image sit on the beach , look into the Atlantic . the wave be small bur rhythmic , a enternal metronome . numb , Alex brown sit in the sand search for a answer somewhere in the darkness of the evening sea . behind he , o.s. , approach in the sand , soft footstep . he listen , note they . yet rather than turn around ... he look up into the sky . alex be Pov - the sky the shoreline light cast a orange haze on the star , break through , infinitely above . alex ( o.s. ) be they up there ? wider clear Rivers approach , barefoot in the sand . he nedd not turn to know who be behind he . alex ( cont 'd ) somehow ... be 180 still in flight ? somewhere ... be they still safe ? clear have not meet eye with Alex , but she sit nearby , look into the sky . clear when I be a kid , like , six or seven ... I use to worry so much about my parent die . like lie awake at night ... just worry . I love they so much . I do not want they to get hurt . and what would happen to I ? what would life be like ? ( beat ) every night ... it seem . she look out at the star . he do not eye she , either ... alex most kid do , I guess . clear most kid never have it happen . Alex hang he head ... clear when I be ten ... my dad go into a 7 - 11 for cigerette . I guess he hear somebody say " do not turn around . " so on reflex , or thinkin ' a friend be jokin ' ... he do . and the guy blow he head off . she have live this so many time , she be long beyond cry ... clear ( cont 'd ) and , let I tell ya , I have every reason to worry before ... because life become shit . I do not blame she , I guess , but my mom could not deal with it at all . she marry this asshole , who my mom with my real dad would cross the street to avoid this guy . he really do not want a kid . and so my mom do not either anymore , I guess . ( beat ) if that be the design for my father ... and my family ... then fuck death , fuck it ! the wave continue to shore . clear look up at the sky . clear ( cont 'd ) and so , anyway ... I have think of that " somewhere , " Alex . it exist , that place . he look at she . clear ( cont 'd ) where my dad be still safe . where he have a full pack of cigerette and keep drive . a place where I and my dad and my mom ... be still together .... and have no idea about this second life , here . ( beat ) a place where we friend be still in the sky ... where everyone get a second chance . she look at he ... clear ( cont 'd ) but that place might only exist in my heart . and maybe , now ... yours . I have not experience too many second chance in my life . I have not see any . but because of all of this , I believe ... because of you ... I will get a second chance . because of I , you will . with you in my life ... that place , right now exist in we heart , will spring out ... and become a real part of this life . Alex look within she , as a soft ocean breeze blow through clear 's hair . clear and that be the only way we can beat death ... by make something special out of life . his eye well with tear . only as she look at Alex do clear become emotional ... they move closer , and kiss , the desire for each other , to defy the event around they ; darkness ; the isolation ... they dive into a deep feverish kiss . embrace , as if the tighter , the safer . she pull he back down to the beach and lift he shirt over he head . alex this will not be safe . clear look down the beach , check for any sight of billy and Carter . clear that guy be probably fifteen minute away . alex no .. I mean , I do not have anything on I . this will not be safe . clear ( sadly ) nothing be ... anymore . Alex look to clear , then kiss she with passion that reflect the defiance of death . he pull open she shirt and fall into she arm . camera crane up as the young man and woman make love in the sand ... consciously and defiantly oblivious , to anything around they ... include the star , possibly Flight 180 , up above . CUT to : int . carter' car - night Carter drive . billy ride shotgun . Alex and clear be in the back . everyone anxious , look for cop . alex I can not go home . after lewton 's , they will be after I . clear we be takin ' you to a cabin in the wood , it 's only a couple mile from my house . ( to Carter ) keep off the highway , they will be lookin ' for we . Carter , however , continually glance into the rearview mirror , check Alex . finally , hothead and unable to withhold it any further ... carter alright , brown , you fuckin ' warlock ... do you know about Ms. lewton , or what ? alex why do you think I be hide ? clear billy tell the f.b.i. he see you runnin ' away from she house . alex they blame I for everything . her , tod , the plane crash ... billy you shoe print be in the blood . you fingerprint on the knife ... alex I already tell you ... carter ( interrupt ) I be not talkin ' about if you do it . or if you know she be dead ... ( beat ) do you know she be go to be next ... before she be ? Alex look at clear , she expression ask the same question ... alex ( quietly ) yeah . ( almost to himself ) when she die ... at that moment , I could tell she see something ... horrible . the three other turn quiet , consider what it must be ... carter out of we ... who 's next to see it ? Alex eye they ... hesitant to respond . billy please tell I I be gonna get to see the jet win the Super bowl . carter I , right ? that 's why you be not say . billy look out the window , despondent . billy shoulda feel up tammy in the pool , that time ... carter ( to billy ) whatta you whinin ' about ? he say I be next . clear he do not say nothin' . just drive . carter you have a responsibility to tell I . alex be know go to make it easier ? it make it harder . carter you get off havin ' control over I . let I choose how to deal with it . alex it do not matter who 's next ... we be all on the same list . the three be silent . carter aww , fuck ... really ? Carter 's expression become frighten , but he cannot have this . he counter with a irrational bravado . carter then why bother ? what 's the fuckin ' point ? Terry and I will be back together on the other side , so why wait any longer ? Carter bare down on the wheel , hit the gas ... ext . a intersection - night the muscle car roar past a stop sign . int . carter' car - night the interior bounce as the car clear a dip past the intersection . Alex , clear , and billy tense ... clear knock it off ! carter May as well go out under my own free will , right ? clear not with we in the fuckin ' car ! ext . another intersection - night the car gun it through another stop sign . int . carter' car - night every passenger hang on as the car bounce from the next dip . clear billy stop it ! hey , c'mon , man ... carter what 's you fuckin ' worry ? if it 's not you time ...? I could get nail runnin ' this red light and you all would not get shit ! only I , right ? alex clear no ! knock it off ! ext . traffic light intersection - night Red light . a car approach with the greenlight right of way . Carter 's car tear into frame , just miss be t-bon in the intersection as the other car hit the brake , fishtail . int . carter' car - night billy and I fuckin' hate french CLASS ! alex clear Carter , stop it , you get control of yourself ! fuckin ' maniac !! carter that 's what I be doin ' ! clear I know what you be do ! it 's alright to be scared , Carter . you do not have to prove to we how big you ball be . not now . carter I be not afraid ! I decide when it's time ! I control my life ! I control my death ! billy watch it ! watch it ! ext . a second traffic light intersection - night Carter barrel through the intersection as a car make a leave turn at the intersection . turning car driver be Pov - carter' car fly down the road , appear to be head straight towards he . int . carter' car - night Carter take he hand off the wheel and raise they in the air , like a terrorize child on a roller coaster ... ext . a second traffic light intersection - night the turn car honk , roaring through the intersection as Carter 's car nearly clip the rear end of the turn car . int . carter' car - night cater hook he elbow on the window and he right arm around the front seat , drive ; no hand . clear alex stop the car ! let we out ! billy I be ... so close to puke , you do not wanna know . clear we be afraid , too , Carter , but we be not go to quit . maybe you be . you act like you be not , but you be ! Carter eye clear in the rearview mirror . clear so , stop what you be do and stop this car ! right fuck now ! ext . backstreet - night in the backseat , Alex and clear ease ... just as a railroad crossing arm drop into frame in the rear window . o.s. , the clang clang clang of a railroad crossing alarm . out of the front window the front crossing arm drop into frame before the car . Carter turn and flash a " that 's why I stop " smile . inside the car clear move it ! Carter turn off the engine , then sit back into he seat and fold he arm , indicate he have no intention of move . alex billy , get out ! scare to death , billy fumble with the car door handle . from the front passenger seat , he look up and to he leave ... out of the driver' window - billy Pov a locomotive headlight arc across the tree ... approach . return clear alex can not you open the door ?! easy , billy , just open it . billy collect himself ... close - billy door handle pop open ! ext . train track - night the train appear around the blind bend ... int . carter' car - night billy open the door and pour out . clear and Alex be quickly behind he . Carter remain in the driver seat . ext . train track - night the train warning whistle blows as Alex , clear and billy hustle away from the car , on the same side of the track . they quickly turn around , desperate to convince ... clear Carter , get out ! alex billy do not do it ! do not do it ! it 's come ! it 's come ! int . carter' car - night arm cross , Carter remain in the front seat . as the interior fill with light from the headlight of the oncoming train , Carter turn and look at they with a smart ass smile , pleased that he 's show how brave he truly be . with a beam of cocky definace ... carter it be not my time . he cooly turn back to the ignition , grab the key and turn it over ... only to be meet with the dull clack of a dead engine . camera sweep into he as he eye flare with tension ... close - ignition he turn it , again and again ... nothing . carter look up ... ext . train track - night - carter be Pov - the train be moment away . alex , clear and billy assess the situation ... alex clear get out ! get out of the car ! get out ! get out of the get out of the fuckin ' car ! car ! int . carter' car - night as he turn away from they , Carter see something in the rearview mirror ... carter' Pov - rear view mirror the pass shadow be darker than any surround darkness . carter as if the image have effect he , he look to he lap belt and clack the button . he tug at the restraint , but it will not move . he 's strapped in . he try to open the door ... it will not open . he pull at the door handle ... tug at the seatbelt ... panicked . horrify , he whip towards the other . carter I can not get out ! ext . train track - night Alex , billy and clear look at one another , equally frighten ... billy man , he really be next . Alex take off toward ... carter' car Alex hustle around the driver ' side . camera sweep into they as Alex desperately try freeing the seatbelt . the train the whistle scream ! clear and billy tense , as the train near ... alex and carter Alex grab Carter by the shoulder and strain with all he might to pull the much more muscular kid out of the driver 's window . close - carter' seat belt the shadowy presence be reflect by the chrome buckle , however , after it pass ... the seat belt begin to tear . alex and carter as camera sweep in to alex and he release a deep groan ... across the track the train tear through the front end of the muscular car ! glass and metal erupt as the locomotive thunder through frame . clear and billy must turn away from the shower of metal and break glass . alex and carter Alex hold Carter by the shirt at the shoulder , drag he away from the wreckage . the two boy collapse on the road as the trian continue to roar past ... train track as the heavy train wheel thunder and clack , a break two foot long shard of the car 's debris bounce upon the track , kick about by the train wheel . clear and billy run to the two survivor . clear run and fall into Alex 's arm , hold he tight . alex , clear , carter and billy Carter lie on the road , urine stain around he crotch , hyperventilate and near tear . clear scare now ? Carter look at the piece of seatbelt . carter it break ! billy no one 's that strong . clear ( to Carter ) bullshit . he save you life ... again ! close - train wheel continue to kick around the chunk of twisted metal ... return the thundering train intensify the situation ... billy that's right ! he's right ! you be next ! i'm getting the fuck away from you ! billy begin back away from the other . carter shut up , billy ! clear we don't need this now ! billy continue back away , horrify . billy I don't need it ever ! get away from he ! he's next ! close - train track the debris rattles beneath the wheel ... carter and alex still on the ground ... carter fuck you , billy ! i'm not dead ! billy back away ... billy you will be ! you 're dead ! you're dead ! train track the debris bounce directly on the track . with great power and force , a train wheel run over the debris , cut it in half . it catch in the wheel and be spun around until shot out with the force of a missile ... billy billy ( cont 'd ) and you ain't takin ' I with you ! fwoop ! the metal tear across frame , rip billy 's head from he shoulder . alex , clear and carter the roar of the train seem exaggerated as they be freeze in horrify shock . extremely wide - across the track the train clear frame and be go ... revealing , across the track , Alex , clear and Carter can do nothing but watch billy 's decapitate body macabrely wobble on its two front foot before fall to the ground . carter Jesus fuck Christ ! for a beat , there be silence ... until , in the distance , siren can be hear , approach . as Alex stand and Carter manage to rise on wobbly leg ... none of they can remove they eye from billy 's body . alex ( to Carter ) you should have be next . after lewton , you should have be next . that 's the only pattern . you should be dead . carter you be the fuckin ' devil . alex ( to clear ) but I save he . I intervene . just like the plane . that 's the design . clear Police be come . alex that 's why it skip Carter and go to the next one in the path of the explosion ; billy . Alex look at clear as if expirience a intense epiphany . alex ( cont 'd ) my intervention in the death of 180 survivior will cheat the design . carter " intervention ? " what be you , God now ?! alex of course not ! god be not afraid to die ! god do not die ! we do ! clear you be losin ' it . the police will be here . we have to go to the cabin . you can hide there . get you head together . Alex consider , mind racing ... then realize ... alex after billy ... it 's I . and then you . clear grab clear and touch she face . alex ( cont 'd ) ( to clear ) hey , I will not let it happen , okay . Carter turn to they ; it 's as far as he will go to admit he believe ... or will help ... carter then , get out of here . as she move to Alex , clear nod she acknowledgement and appreciation to Carter . she take Alex by the hand and the pair begin run away , off into the wood . in the distance , a train whistle blows , eerie , as if death be punctuate the moment . CUT to : ext . cabin - night the window be board . the front step be wear and dilapidate . in the early evening moonlight , the dwelling appear eerie and ghostly . camera creep toward the house , a pre-storm breeze sway branch and blow leave . in the distance ... lightning ... int . cabin - day - a SMALL table a final piece of duct tape be apply to the corner of the table , dulling any sharp edge . even though it be sunny outside , all the shade be pull . the room sit in dark shadow break by occasional bright shaft of light . camera follows a hand as it carefully pick up a coleman lantern and set it atop a empty can place in the center and above the water line of a large metal tub ; a fire protection moat . alex find he way to a chair in the center of the room , away from everything except a nearby table hold a fire extinguisher and a first aid kit , both at less than arm 's reach . unshaven , a week and a half 's growth , and unkept , Alex look horrible . a anxious zombie , especially in the dim glow of the lantern . Dark circle , from lack of sleep . thin , from lack of food . pale , from lack of sunlight . he place workman 's glove on he hand before pick up a can of underwood chicken spread . with some degree of difficulty , he work the glove beneath the tab and pull . careful not to cut himself , he reach out and drop the lid into a small trash can . Alex remove the glove and , with a plastic spoon , begin to eat . camera push in as he begin to chew methodically , chew and chew and chew with concentration until ... after steadying himself ... prepare to swallow ... then , carefully do . pause ... he 's alright . he take the spoon . scoops some more . and the process begin again . CUT to : int . bathroom - clear river' house - day a pink circle fill the entire frame . extremely close - clear' eye look downward , anxious and full of think . a home pregnancy test the result be positive , two pink dot , confirm . wider clear sigh , frighten as she toss the test upon a half dozen other discard test . you can never be too sure . outside , wind of a approach storm blow . camera tensely inches in on clear ... CUT to : int . cabin - night - crack beneath door the result thunder rumble . a breeze blow beneath the door , carry some Autumn leave . camera follows the breeze across the floor to Alex 's pant leg which slightly flutter . camera rise to alex , sit in he safe chair . paranoid and obsessively cautious , he eye move towards the door , anticipate the consequential event . follow the path of the breeze , Alex turn around ... alex be Pov - trash bag the brown shopping bag tip over . amongst the trash spread on the floor , a can roll out and across the floor . alex tense . he do not look to where the can have be , but where it be go . alex be Pov - can roll across the floor and gently hit the end of a fishing pole , propped in the corner . the pole teeter and fall over . fishing hook fall , hook a closet door . the door begin to swing open . alex be quickly out of he safe chair , hustling towards ... the door Alex slam the door shut before it can open . behind the door , a crash as something fall . Alex crack a wick half smile , cocky he have catch death before this attempt have bring to fruition . Alex remove the hook from the door and place the pole on the floor . he cautiously open the door , revealing a old fish scale knife embed on the back side of the door , unaware . removing the knife and secure it , he eye turn towards the floor . closet floor a tackle box have spill thick , rusted old treble and aberdeen fishing hook upon the floor . Alex bend down and examine they . alex ( as if to death ) rust . tetanus . Nice touch . ( defiant ) I overlook it . you try to capitalize . but I catch you , you fuck . I can beat you . not forever , but I get this cabin rig to beat you now ! o.s. , a sound . like a thump near the cabin step . he freeze , like a animal sense danger . thunder rumble . the light around he begin to flicker and sway . coleman lantern a draft creep beneath the glass enclosure . the flame , dance . CUT to : int . bedroom - clear river' house - day entering frame , clear peek out the window , careful not to be see . ext . clear river' STREET - day - clear' Pov the unmark f.b.i. sedan maintain surveillance . schreck and weine sit inside . int . bedroom - clear river' house - day distant ... approaching thunder rumble as she step away . the weight of the world on she shoulder , clear pace , consider she option . she look to a bookshelf ... close - a old photograph a man , early thirty , hold a six year old girl in he arm , wave at the camera . both appear happy and alive . they be stand before the cabin surround by the thick wood . the photograph be turn over . on the back be mark in a young girl 's handwrite , " I and dad at the cabin . 1986 . " clear as camera push into her ... consider life . then , now and what be to come . CUT to : int . unmarked car - night weine sit in the passenger seat look through the pair of binocular . schreck be behind the wheel . weine she be up there a minute ago ... a figure step into the driver side window , from the rear . the two agent be startle as clear Rivers lean into frame . she pause , gaug they trustworthiness , then ... clear I be not turn he in . there 's another life that need he now . the two agent remain respectful ... clear I go with you . weine you can not . she consider ... and understand . clear do not hurt he . weine tell we where he be . wait at home , and I promise ... we will bring he back safe , in protective custody . as she sense the agent ' sincerity ... int . cabin - night distant thunder echoes . Alex kindle a fire in the fireplace , balling up old newspaper . he begin to crumble the local news ... then pause . a headline catch he attention . camera inches in on he , tense , while thunder rumble . as he unroll the paper , he expression be rock ... anxious ... he cock he head to consider ... recalling ... as camera push all the way into ... headline - crumpled newspaper " parent to establish memorial scholarship . " besides the headline be two yearbook photo ; christa marsh and blake dreyer . alex he expression reflect a terrifying revelation ... alex I ... never move . christa ask I to move , but I do not change seat . I would have move up ... next to tod ... how could I not remember ... that ... I never move . clear 's seat be in front of mine ... camera push into a tight close up ... alex ( cont 'd ) she 's next . CUT to : int . clear river' house - night clear pace in she live room . she move to the curtain and check out the window . although it be not raining , lightning crack across the sky ! ext . clear river' house - night - power line the lightning strike the top of the pole , snapping two power line , which whip in the wind . int . clear river' house - night the power go out . the room turn dark . outside , brilliant bluish white arc light crackle . clear move to the window . ext . clear river' house - night - clear be Pov - power line arc violently strike the ground and each other . each line whip unpredictably like a uncontrolled garden hose with the water turn on full . and yet , there 's a mean , angry and taunting personality to the two power line . as if death be within they . int . clear river' house - night she assess the situation and move to a pair of candle on the mantle , lightning they with a bic. o.s. , from the backyard , a dog bark . clear bring the candle through the small house . int . kitchen - clear river' house - night clear move quickly to the kitchen , hold the candle . outside , blue arc light crackle . she look out the backyard . ext . backyard - clear river' house - night - clear' Pov a old circular clothesline turn like a pinwheel in the wind . in the center of the yard be a oblong , tarped above ground pool . in the furthest corner of the yard , she dog be chain to a tree , barking and freaked out . a old tire swing rock in the storm . from the manner in which the house be situate and the length of the snap power line , one be capable of reach the backyard . the power line strike the ground , " close in on " the dog . int . kitchen - clear river' house - night clear consider the danger of venture out to get the dog . although no window be open , and the power outage have shut off any air conditioning ... the candle flame whip , then extinguish . the blue smoke swirl ominously into the room . ext . backyard - clear river' house - night - clothesline sharp metal edge spin . glint blue arc light ... CUT to : ext . cabin - night Alex charge out the front door , leaping over the step . o.s. , several car approach , headlight pan across the tree . Alex stop dead in he track and run off into the wood , just as the f.b. I umark sedan and three sheriff 4x4 thunder up to the cabin , siren light swirl . int . unmarked car - night weine be drive , lead the other vehicle . schreck point out the passenger window . schreck there ! ext . cabin - night - weine's Pov - through car window full sprint , Alex disappear into the dark forest . wider the car brake to a stop , skidding in the dirt . sheriff leap out of they vehicle . High power flashlight shoot beam in Alex 's direction . the officer take after the suspect . CUT to : ext . backyard - clear river' house - night the backdoor open . clear charge out into the backyard . the dog helpless , chain wrap around the tree . thunder rumble . clear continue to run ... the circular clothesline be whipped by a power line . SPARKS fly as the base pole snap in two . clear the metal pole punge into the ground just before and behind she , inch from impale she . she stumble , but quickly step aside and continue toward the tree . the circular clothes -line frame be roll by the wind , across the yard toward ... above ground pool the clothesline frame puncture the pool . Water stream from the rupture . clear reach the tree and begin unfasten the dog 's collar from the chain . the power line whipping , strike one another cause a angry flash ! the rivet hold the pool frame begin to break and pop . Water flood into the yard . CUT to : ext . forest - night camera move with Alex , blindly run through the forest , sheriff ' flashlight beam crossing behind he ... in pursuit . looing back to check the postition of the agent , Alex blindly run over the lip of a downward slope ... gully he roll and tumble uncontrollably down the hillside . as he near the base ... alex stop with a crunching thud ... he face a inch from be impale by a sharp , thick protrude branch . no time to catch he breath , he 's up and run . CUT to : ext . backyard - clear river' house - night - clear' feet water flood , pool the backyard , cascade over clear 's foot . she look down , in the reflection of the puddle , the dark shadow pass . clear whip up , check the position of ... a power line coil , like a cobra , ready to strike ! tree clear drop the chain and hit the dog on its backside . clear run ! the dog start to tear off toward the house . clear run toward the hang tire . leap ... the power line whip , the fray wire hit the puddle of water ... clear in mid-air , desperately grab the tire , hang on , literally for she life . o.s. , the dog yelp . clear turn back ... clear' Pov - the dog convulse in the small pool of water , burn from the overwhelming amount of electricity . CUT to : ext . forest - night - SMALL creek distant flashlight reflect in a small stream , barely two inch deep . Alex 's foot splashes in the water . thunder rumble . alex race along the path of the stream . sheriff continue they pursuit through the dark tree . above lightn crack a tree branch . SPARKS fly ! the tree tumble down the branch . alex the thick branch fall from above , landing on top of he . he 's knock to the ground and pin ... face down in the creek . camera move in ... he nose and mouth , just below the water line , but he cannot move . his eye flash with panic , as he struggle ... battle to move and avoid drown in two inch of water . as he struggle in the f.g. , weine and a pair of sheriff appear ten yard beyond he . they pause , confuse , pan they flashlight across the forest . wiene's Pov - forest the light actually expose the area where Alex lie . from they postition , however , he be cover by the branch and out of sight . alex struggle to raise he head above the water , chest burst ... weine and sheriff believe Alex be not in the area , move ahead into the wood . CUT to : ext . backyard - clear rivers's house night clear pull herself up to a tree branch . lighting and thunder continue amongst the arcing , crackling power line . she search for a escape . clear' Pov - the tree branch extend toward the house . clear strain in the storm , begin move up the branch ... CUT to : ext . forest - night - close - alex' eye dart open . take a tenth of a second to gather all of he strength , all he courage , he arch he back , push with he hand , anything to lift he face out of the stream . with a deep gasp , he do so . drink up the air . it appear to infuse he with another blast of adrenaline as he manage to push with he arm and free himself from the pin tree branch . he pause only for a couple gulp of air ... and be off . CUT to : ext . window - clear river' house - night clear leap from the end of the branch to she window , grab the sill awkwardly , she dangle outside the house . with a breath , she pull herself inside , just as the power line bite , arcing , at she foot . CUT to : ext . forest - night weine run into frame , look around , frustrated ... weine ( into radio ) lose he . another part of the forest - schreck deperately scan the area . schreck from the direction ... there 's only one place he can head ... CUT to : ext . clear river' house - night the power line strike the rooftop . int . clear river' house - night clear River 's stand in she bedroom just as it fill with blind blue light . her television screen blows out . spark jet across the room . blast of flame erupt from the electrical outlet . she quickly turn , racing toward the hallway . int . hallway - clear river' house - night camera be low , racing with her as SPARKS explode from the lamp and electrical outlet . she cut and leap three step at a time down the staircase ... CUT to : ext . edge of the wood / backyard - night Alex tear across the fenceless backyard towards clear 's house . Blue arc light glow from the front yard . CUT to : int . garage - clear river' house - night a mid-eighty corolla be park amongst clear 's artwork . a door , adjacent to the kitchen fly open . clear hustle through , run to the car and enter via the passenger door , for the sake of expediency . ext . garage - clear river' house - night the power line whack angerily against the door . int . corolla - night clear scoot into the driver 's seat . she click the automatic garage door opener ... garage door opener moter connect to a metal arm , attach to the door , remain motionless - there be no power . int . corolla - night realizing the motor be dead , clear take a beat , start the engine and shift into reverse ... ext . backyard - clear river' house - night Alex reach the backyard . camera push in as he quickly try to deduce the deadly situation . he run out of frame ... int . garage - clear river' house - night clear gun the small car in reverse . garage door as the rear of the car make impact with the door ... the garage opener tremble , the long metal arm collapse , fall ... ext . garage - clear river' house - night bam ! in reverse , the corolla smashes through the garage door . the metal arm of the garage door opener rip through the windshield , lock upon the windshield wiper grille . the other end remain attach to the garage roof interior , essentially act as a anchor . int . corolla - night the car shudder , wheel spin uselessly , as the arm " hold " onto the car . int . garage - clear river' house - night - door opener moter the screw hold the arm to the ceiling begin to pull away ... a metal can on a shelf , be rock as , o.s. , the car rattles the garage , try to break free . the can be mark " turpentine : extremely flammable . " the can tumble over the shelf . garage floor the can smack on the floor , edgewise , revrealing the can be seal tight with a cap . ext . clear river' house - night - power line thick cable arc , snap toward the car into frame . int . corolla - night Foot to the floor , clear scream for the car to move . int . garage - clear river' house - night - door opener motor pull away from the ceiling . ext . garage - clear river' house - night the corolla lurch backward , freed from the grasp of the house . int . garage - clear river' house - night a chunk of the ceiling collapse upon clear 's artwork , include the canvas incorporate a jag piece of debris from Flight 180 . the metal slam to the floor , on top of ... the can of turpentine which cause the flammable liquid to stream out , toward the driveway . ext . garage - clear river' house - night as the corolla lurch away from the house down the slope driveway ... the power line thud upon clear 's car . int . corolla - night a ear split crackle . SPARKS fly ! the electrical system of the samll car erupt and the engine die . the car stop . ext . garage - clear river' house - night from the rear of the house appear Alex . camera sweep in on he as he react to the situation ... alex do not move ! wider the power line sadistically rest atop the automobile . the expose end of the cable flutter and whip like a cat 's tail , sparking , crackling , as it hit the ground . int . corolla - night clear look up desperately to Alex . ext . garage - clear river' house - night Alex extend he hand . o.s. , car approach thunderoulsy ... alex you be ground in the car . do not touch anything . don't move . in the STREET the unmark f.b.i. vehicle and two sheriff patrol car pull up on the street . schreck and weine hustle out of the car . weine Alex , get away from there ! schreck any part of that line touch you , you be dead . the power line snap in alex' direction . alex lurch back ... the stream of turpintine be ignite by a single spark fom the power line . it flow toward the car . alex back away , eye lock with clear 's , assure she 's remain in the car . clear keep she eye lock on Alex , watch he . suddenly , a burst of FIRE flash from below frame ... alex react , shocked . he realize ... wider the underbelly of the corolla have ignite from the stream of combustible fluid . schreck and weine step forward ... the power line atop the car , whip , arc , warning everyone away . in the corolla clear can see the flame , she instinct be to grab the handle to get out . clear' Pov - garage wall the fire roar angrily in the f.g. , on the garage wall , however , the shadow do not match that of the flame , rather , the approach form of death appear . alex step closer ... alex no ! camera push in on alex as he quickly consider , then move toward the hood of the burn car ... schreck and weine weine get back ! you will both die ! alex and clear hearing this , Alex 's mind be make up . he look to clear . alex you know what to do . clear no! no ! do not ! alex when I do this .. it will have skip you ... and it will all be over . at that moment , clear do not understand . she look to he , scared ... alex you know what to do . I will always be with you . he reach out and grab the power line , fall back to pull it away from the hood of the car . the cable arc furiously . corolla clear open the driver 's side door and run out , knock to she foot as behind she the car explode . alex be engulf in the flame . alex be Pov - the shadow the edge of the frame be collapse . Alex 's face , gray and emotionless appear , yet , before it can transform into decay ... alex through the flame , as if sense the oncoming horror , defy the image ... alex no ! he look toward ... clear - alex' Pov she ... be the last sight he will ever see . wider the power line erupt ! Alex disapear behind the wall of fire and spark before fall limp on the driveway . clear schreck , weine and paramedics rush to the girl . schreck turn back , call out to a paramedic , helplessly watch by the burn car . schreck be he alive ? clear' eye flash open , horrify , answer the question ... the sky a web of lightning crack across the heavens , as if death be make a final angry proclamation . schreck and weine camera ease in on the agent , exchange rattle expression that convey they unease in the proof that Alex be right . clear - overhead as a pair of paramedics work on she , a soft breeze blow across the girl , and only the girl . camera move down to her face , she eye open ... welling with tear ... seem to realize ... to sense , he be go . CUT to : int . delivery room - day - clear scream , as if reacting to Alex 's death , but in actuality it be a reaction to the pain of deliver she child . doctor and nurse stand between clear 's leg in the stirrup ... doctor a little more . Little more ! clear breathes , push hard . Alex 's parent stand on each side of she , hold she hand , wiping she forehead . the doctor cut the umbilical cord . doctor he 's here . a beautiful boy . clear , ken and barbara smile and fight back the tear . clear begin to laugh euphorically through the tear . clear I feel he ! when the baby be bear ... I feel Alex pass through I ... like the night he die ... clear lift she head up , still battle the pain of labor ... clear' Pov - the baby cover in goop , eye shut ... a new life arrive . doctor look at the clock and reprot to a attend nurse . another nurse clean up the baby , wiegh he and place he in a hospital bassinet . doctor 13th of May ... 4:25 p.m. clear , ken and barbara barabra place a cool wet cloth on clear 's forehead ... barbara exactly a year ... to the minute . everyone recognize the eerie , yet beautiful coincidence . clear lean she haed back , relieved , euphoric ... clear we beat it , Alex . clean and wrap in a swaddle blanket , the baby be place in the mother arm . the long retrospective harmonica of Neil Young 's " Long May you run " reprise as clear look at the i.d. braclet ... wrist braclet " Alexander chance brown ii . " delivery room camera pull back . the birthing room be quiet ; the people introspective . the doctor . the family . the mother and child . a room of new life , in which , each recall a life lose . as " Long May you run " overlap ... dissolve to : int . alex be bedroom - day - flowers a bright , colorful arrangment of flower be carefully place into a vase . camera adjust to reveal Alex 's bedroom be now live in by clear and the baby . clear make the final adjustment in the arrangement , then check the sleep baby in the bassinet . clear move to she bed with a book . as she settles in , o.s. , a faint rustle . camera inches in on clear as she look to ... clear' Pov - the flowers a soft breeze cause the petal to flutter ... clear look toward ... clear' Pov - the window which be close . clear' Pov - the fan which ... be off . clear look across the room ... clear' Pov - the room the breeze move through the flower ... billow the cutain , poster and photo on the wall ... until seemingly settling over the bassinet . the lace trim and blanket rustle by the breeze , it be hover over the child . clear camera settle , but she expression do not reflect fear . she know Alex be here ... and she smile , tear welling in she eye . the baby the bassinet trim settles , as if the presence be leave . before it fully depart ... clear the wind softly and rapidly pass over clear . he smile remain as the room become still and she eye look across the room . clear' Pov - on the wall be a pencil rub , like people take away from the Vietnam veteran 's Memorial . the name ... " alex browning ... " CUT to : ext . mt. abraham high school - day - close - monument " alex browning " be mark in the granite . camera pull back to reveal the name have be add to the memorial , along with tod waggner , Valerie lewton , Terry chaney and William hitchcock . a hand enter frame , finger hover in space before they gently trace over " Terry chaney . " camera adjust to reveal Carter Horton , stare at the name . alone , he allow himself the moment to grieve . Carter glance up to find clear approach with the baby in the stroller . Carter straighten and nod , then begin to walk away . he hesitates , then turn back to clear . carter Alex be right . clear look up . carter ( cont 'd ) it do skip we . clear smile . as she take the baby out of the stroller ... clear I believe ... that 's what Alex believe . but how do we know ... this be not the design all along ? clear hold baby Alex up to the monument , show she son he father 's name . Carter stand , watch . camera widen to reveal the entire monument against the deep blue sky . at the base in readable , but understandable lettering ... " flight 180 . " camera hold as " Long May you run " continue ... returning each of we to the await darkness . fade out .