final analyst screenplay by wesley strick Story by Robert berger and wesley strick September 11 , 1990 director : John boorman the screen be black . fade up on : a sea of face . twisted , contort . mouth open wide -~ black hole , scream . but silently : this shot be mos . CUT to : another twisted face . a young crazy man . he slowly bring a gun into frame . slide the barrel into he mouth . cuT to : int . giant stadium - night the sea of face again . Black , brown , white -- football fan . without sound it 's a strange , almost savage spectacle . munch 's " scream " time ten-thousand . slowly fade up SOUND +». a dull ambient roar . cur to : int . welfare HOTEL - same time a filthy little room somewhere in the South bronx . the crazy man stand on a mattress , the gun still in he mouth . at he foot a girl be curl , she wrist slashed . two cop stand in the doorway , crouch , gun draw . a standoff in some circle of metropolitan hell . cop 1 put it down . slow . the crazy man slide the gun out of he mouth . let it fall onto the mattress . he be grin . crazy man welcome to the bantarian embassy . cur to ; ext . giant stadium ~- night Taylor sack Montana for a big loss . three fan leap up , in they seat . all in they late 30' . mike o'brien , a ursine Public defender with fiery eye ; alan lowenthal , a meticulous , conservative psychiatrist ; and in between they : isaac barr , another psychiatrist , somewhat less meticulous and conservative . through the din , Isaac realize that he beeper be beeping . beneath the stand as Isaac move past the hot dog vendor toward the nearest exit . beneath the cantilever row of stand , he pass a strange , skinny man who spasmodically jerk -- a marionette go cold turkey -~ to the rise and fall of the fan 's roar . int . taxi - night ( moving ) Isaac have pull a electric shaver from he briefcase . he run it over he cheek as the cab hurtle downtown . it 's hard to get a even shave , as the cab drop into deep pothole and bounce out again . now he stuff the shaver back into he case as the cab pull up in front of Bellevue Hospital . cabbie I use to be in there . they throw I out . that be wrong . I should not be drive this cab , I be a crazy person . as Isaac hand over the fare : isaac y'have to be crazy to drive a cab ... cuT to : int . holding area ~- same time feem with loud , angry lunatic . every seat be take , even a couple of stretcher . guard by a bored and hulk c.0 . , a nurse take the pulse of the handcuff crazy man . crazy man there 's no need for that . my pulse rate be twenty . c.o . sound more like you iq . provoked , the crazy man spring at the big c.o . the c.o. step back and whallops the crazy man with a ham~fist . int . prison ward entrance ~ night Isaac reach the first of three heavy steel gate with the emblem " n.¥.c. Department of correction " bolt to it . esaac crack the gate ! int . holding area - a minute later crazy man be be guard now by two c.0 . 's . a fresh bruise on he cheek . Isaac , enter , immediately notice the bruise . he and the c.0 . 's trade tense look . now , soft but emphatic : isaac we ’1ll be okay . c.0 . 2 you call . reluctantly , the two c.0 . 's exit . Isaac sit on the bench opposite crazy man , who regards he with cold , slitted eye . isaac do you understand that you be ina hospital , and that it 's a special kind of hospital ? the crazy man just glare . isaac it 's a prison . do you understand that you be go to be charge ? crazy man I be already charge , with ion from bantar . isaac " bantar " ? crazy man the planet . itsaaac what I mean be , do you understand why you be here ? crazy man to prepare for the landing . this facility will make a suitable headquarters . Isaac consider this . it do not make sense . isaac you would think they have want something closer to midtown . crazy man stare at Isaac . now , the hint of a smile . crazy man you have be to bantar , have not you ? isaac ( shrug ) only on business . int . nursing station ~ night - later Isaac raid the mo closet as a pretty duty nurse ( franklin ) make notation in she chart . nurse franklin guy psycho or whacked out on dope ? isaac I 'il hedge my bet . both . he find what he 's look for : maalox . as he swig : nurse franklin we have stashed some chardonnay in the fridge , behind the urine sample and tetanus toxoid . Isaac do not pick up on the offer . Franklin try again . nurse franklin Robert 's out of town till Wednesday ... a beat , then Isaac snap shut crazy man / 's chart . tsaac really ? maybe tomorrow night ... but TI do not know -~ I have get this thing ... Franklin nod : this thing . great . and Isaac hurry out . cuUT to : ext . isaac' build ~ late night a brownstone on 19th off Broadway . Isaac have the lower two floor , and the basement office . he step out of a cab , in front of a huge hairy homeless man warming himself by a garbage can -~ - its content be afire . homeless man hey doc. would you consider loaning I five- thousand dollar ? Isaac hand he a pile of change , then hurry to he door . int . isaac' live room ~ late night Isaac turn on a light , on a dimmer , very low . we first impression be of book , everywhere . and second , of the sort of fixture and furnishings a bachelor would have , unaccountably mix with older , wear item from another era . a dark , older woman step into the room . she 's be knitting a sweater . they speak softly . woman everything 's fine . she 's fast asleep . isaac thanks , Maria . let I call you a cab . woman ( maria ) I will do it . she go to the phone . Isaac cross , into : int . bedroom - late night a lady , not that old , but frail , she body slightly bow , be tuck in bed . her feature be relaxed , blank ... but there be a intelligence , somehow , in she eye . her eye be open . Isaac sit on the couch opposite the bed . quietly : tsaac get beep at the game . miss the end «+ . just get worse at the hospital ... the city 's at war . a war in the head , in people 's head , and we nre lose . Isaac 's mother do not respond . it do not seem as though she can hear he . nevertheless he continue to " converse " . isaac I all be home all morning ... he nod down at the floor , signify the floor below . isaac private patient . I know , I know , but it just pile up ... ( remember ) 'e then court , tomorrow afternoon . we hear the night nurse let herself out . Isaac stand , cross to he mother 's bedside . stroke she forehead . isaac okay , okay . I promise I x11 slow down . CUT to : int . isaac 's office ~ early afternoon quiet and austere . Black blind block the view . the desk be make of two filing cabinet and a marble top . there 's a eame chair opposite the desk chair and a black leather couch opposite the eame chair . Isaac sit in the eame chair . off-screen , we hear the voice of a young woman . woman ( os ) -.. ifve have the dream again . lying on the couch be diana baylor , mid - 2us . very pretty , but pale and thin . in drab clothes and schoolgirl bang . clearly much of the session have already pass : she eye be close , she body limp . diana I be arrange flower on a table ... as a centerpiece ... Isaac watch as she twist on the couch , cause she skirt to hike up ever higher on she thigh . diana I decorate the flowerpot with fancy paper ... suddenly she eyelid roll wide open , like a doll 's . diana by the way , my sister -- tsaac wait . let 's go back to you dream . tell I more about the flower . diana there 's nothing more to tell . she swing she foot over the side of the couch and sit up . diana my sister still want to talk to you . she think she know some thing about Mom and dad that might shed some light . Isaac glance at he clock : as he suspect , end of session . isaac maybe this be thing we have do better to uncover in we work here , diana . diana she 's pay for this , Dr. barr . tsaac why do not we discuss how that make you feel in we next session ? diana hesitates , then stand . as she start toward the door : isaac and try to be on time , please . diana turn . explain : diana it 's not I , it 's the stove . Isaac look at she . diana whenever I leave my apartment , I have to go back to be sure the stove 's off . then after I check it , I have to go back to be sure the pilot light do not blow out when I close the oven door . tsaac that 's why you be late today ? diana I go back thirteen time . she stand there , await a response from Isaac . finally : isaac it could be ... that you perform this ritual in order to be late . diana look confuse . isaac to put people off . make they " give up " on you . as a way of avoid intimacy . diana you mean I be " passive aggressive " ... Isaac stand . calmly , firmly , as he show she to the door : isaac we will get into it on Thursday . 8 . he gently close the door on she . then bolt to he desk -- he 's late ! -- Isaac madly grab at a bunch of papers , and thrust they into he briefcase -- cur to : int . gypsy cab - afternoon speed up to 16ist Street . past half - demolish housing development and bomb - out storefront . Beirut , the bronx . Isaac alternately review he papers and stare out at the devastation . his knee jiggle . as they stop at a red light : isaac ( whisper ) do not be mean , turn to green . a chant he 's use since he be young . the light stay red . tsaac do not be mean , turn to gr -- the cabbie jump the red light and go screeching through a intersection , just miss two other car . tsaac take it easy ! cabbie you say you be inna hurry ! isaac I be kid . cur to : int . bronx supreme court - afternoon in the back , legal Aid lawyer try to convince various pimp , prostitute , dope dealer , motorcycle punk , to cop plea . Isaac , on the witness stand , be be cross-examined . assistant d.a . this be a schizophrenic patient who may suffer a relapse in the future . be not that true ? isaac I do not agree that pepe carrero suffer from a schizophrenic illness . ( more ) isaac ( cont no ) Nonetheless the prognostic indicator of what you call a " relapse " be : previous hospitalization ? pepe be not previously hospitalize . gradual onset of the illness ? his onset be abrupt , acute . linger symptom ? pepe have have a rapid reorganization . pepe , small and scared , sit at the defense table in borrow clothes that be too big for he , beside he lawyer , o’brien . ms . kaufman you do not feel that this man , who murder he male lover with scissors , should be hold in a secure facility ? for we safety , if not for he own ? qo 's brien objection ! you honor , we safety be not the issue here -- isaac I would like to answer the question . judge go ahead . isaac a maximum security state hospital -- what you call a " secure facility " -- be in fact a human warehouse . there 's no psychotherapy offer , only chemical restraint . and once a patient be commit , who know how long he 'il be hold there ? five year ? ten ? will he be a human time bomb when he 's release ? no , pepe will be safer ina civil psychiatric treatment center . and if he 's safe , we will be safe too . curt to : int . courthouse rotunda - late afternoon crowd with the accuse , they lawyer and relative . Isaac and o’brien make they way through the mob , to the street . o'brien score another upset win ! we / be a fuck demonic team , you and I . isaac true. 10 . o’brien so why be you so fuck ecstatic ? isaac I dunno ... suppose pepe slip through the system . it 's be know to happen . o'brien poke another boyfriend with pink shear ? suddenly Isaac notice , across the entrance hall , a stun woman who seem to be peer through the crowd at he . she 's fair , early 30 's , and could not look more out of place . o’brien hey , that 's pepe 's problem . we win , tke my man . now we gonna celebrate . now the woman be obscure by a oversize pair of biker ... isaac I be gonna go home . eat with my mother . o’brien hey , gretschen could feed she tonight . Isaac nod at he beeper . tsaac I be on call . o’ brien grab Isaac 's beeper off he belt . wave it . o’brien y'know who wear beeper this day ? crack dealer . isaac ( grab it back ) and doctor . he clip it on he belt again . then look up , try to find the stun woman . but she 's vanish , now . o’/ brien ( scold ) only people you hang out with be guy that rape they grandmother . tsaac after decapitate they . il . they exit the courthouse , and Isaac flag a gypsy cab . curt to : int . isaac' vestibule - evening ( later ) Isaac unlock he mailbox . remove he mail , and scan it . he seem to be look for one particular letter . he find what he 's look for , rip open the envelope . isaac yes . then pull out he many key , and start to unlock the front door when he hear , behind he : woman ( 0.s . ) -- Dr. barr ? Isaac turn to find the woman from the courthouse . her rather sensational figure , he now see , be wrap in a tight - fitting Romeo gigli suit that seem make for she . woman I be Heather Evans -- diana baylor 's sister . I leave a few message on you machine . isaac I have be in court . do not I -- see you there ? heather I want to speak with you alone . and the man you be with ? I think maybe -- I do not know , that he might have be some kind of ... patient , or something . isaac ( laugh ) o’ brien ? he ' 's crazy , but nobody 's have he commit yet . her limpid eye fix on Isaac , Heather wait for he to say more . isaac well ... come in for a second ... int . isaac' apartment ~ night as they enter , Heather take in the several wall of book . 12 . heather you have read they all ..? isaac oh , that . my decorator busy they by the pound . he uncertainly glance at Heather , who 's take modern man in search of a soul off the shelf . isaac would you excuse I a minute ? int . back bedroom - night Isaac 's mother be propped up in bed . gretschen , the tough - look but attractive day nurse , be spoon - feed she . isaac gretsch , could you stay another hour ? she look up at he . smile . gretschen I could stay all night . isaac oh ... okay . yeah . good . he take the spoon from she hand , start to feed he mother . isaac Mom , my paper ... it 's be accept for presentation at the next Academy of psychiatry and Law Conference . Isaac 's mother silently finish she soup . isaac I know it 's not that big a deal ... but everything help when you be not board certified ... he hand the spoon back to gretschen . tell he mother : isaac I have get somebody wait . a patient 's sister . I / x11 talk to you later . int . live room - night Heather slide the jung volume back onto the shelf . heather who be you talk to ? 13. isaac ( a little embarrassed ) my mother . Heather laugh . heather be you into taxidermy too ? Isaac look quizzical -- he do not get it . heather norman bate ~-? now Isaac laugh . isaac no , my mother 's quite real . though I guess norman would have say the same . now Heather notice gretschen , stand in the doorframe of the back bedroom . appraise she . heather could we possibly go somewhere else ? to talk ? CUT to : int . local coffee shop - night Isaac and Heather be in a booth , sip coffee . in b.g. , a trio of garish transvestite hooker busy cigarettes , candy . isaac ... diana mention to I that you know something about you parent . heather do anybody really know anything about they parent ? actually , I 'il bet you parent be terribly proud of they son the doctor . isaac actually my father 's dead , and -- heather I be sorry . how ? isaac car accident . and my mother 's have a stroke , so there 's no way of know if she 's proud , actually . 14 . he offer a slightly pain smile . heather be you drive the car ? isaac as a matter of fact . heather so you decide to become a doctor ..? isaac obviously . heather can psychiatrist really cure people ? isaac ( shrug ) Freud call it " the impossible profession " . heather ( beat , then ) I guess Jimmy agree with Freud . isaac ( beat , then ) Jimmy be ... you husband ? Heather offer a pain smile of she own . heather he think people in analysis just need a good spanking . isaac some of they could benefit from that . Heather stub out she cigarette . heather I could use some air . cur to : ext . STREET ~ night the street be quite empty -- a sense that the rest of the city be barricade behind heavy door and bar window . isaac so ... you hate you husband ? 15 . heather " hate " ? that 's a strong word . tsaac why do you stay with he ? heather maybe it 's a matter of chemistry ... " pheromone " . be not that the word ? isaac pheromone have only be demonstrate to work in animal mate . human be a lot more complicated . heather I '' not so sure . ( then ) how be you plan to help diana ? isaac to paraphrase Freud , I be try to turn she neurotic misery into general unhappiness . heather be you generally unhappy ? isaac actually you catch I at a bad time ~~ I be feel pretty good . heather I do not think I believe you . isaac ( laugh , protest ) but my day be full , rich ... I ’mona first - name basis with several mass murderer . heather ( laugh , then ) May I call you Isaac ? isaac please . heather we really need you help . as she flag a cab . it screech to a stop . Heather climb in . Isaac lean into the window . 16 . isaac well ? heather ( amend ) diana . ( then ) goodnight , Isaac . I be glad we meet . as she cab take off , Isaac pull out a cigarette and stick it in he mouth . and forget to light it , as he stand here and stare at the disappear cab . cut to : int . heather 's apartment - night - later Memphis intermixe with victorian antique . a Francis Bacon on one wail . heather ~- Jimmy --? int . bathroom which be the size of a normal bedroom -- mirrore wall , two sink and w.c. 's , shower , tub , and five - foot diameter sink jacuzzi in the middle , always fill with hot bubbling water . a alcove house a exercise area with lifecycle , dumbbell , treadmill , etc . luxuriate in the jacuzzi be jimmy evan , swarthy , with thick , taunting feature . for a man of 40 , he 's in fine shape -- and with all this equipment , why not ? he lazily eye Heather . in a sleepy , deep , insinuate tone : jimmy Heather . honey . man , I have miss you . heather I try you , Jimmy . I let the phone ring forever . there be none of the teasing insouciance hear with Isaac . jimmy I be soaking awhile ... all evening , actually , and I be still unwind . heather can I bring you a scotch ? something ? 17 . jimmy I gotta haul my ass out of this tub . we be meeting Nick pappas at nell 's . Heather nod . Jimmy nod at Heather , nodd . then -- jimmy you know that , right ? that we have a social obligation ? heather well I mean ... I have be run all day and -- jimmy where , from Eve arden to bendel 's to where ? heather Elizabeth arden . and I be tired . jimmy you be tired . heather you hear I . she place she hand on she hip , challenging he . he grin . jimmy I hear you . now do it . heather not now . please , Jimmy -- jimmy do it , Heather . heather I tell you , I be tired . she 's whining a bit , like a child . jimmy do it . Heather hopelessly stare at he . then strip off she suit - coat . toss it . undoe she blouse ... close jimmy his eye feast on she . a buzzard 's eye . jimmy slower . 18 . his voice be slightly choke , with lust . jimmy do not ever tell anybody what we do . and then he suddenly stand , in the jacuzzi , the water whoosh off he ~- this great dark hairy figure , emerge like a sea monster from the depth . he step out of the tub . high angle - heather lie naked on the white marble floor . fetally curl . low angle - jimmy loom . omnipotent . he stare down at he wife . when he speak , he sound truly move . jimmy you be magnificent . curt to : int . isaac' office ~- afternoon diana have just arrive . wearing a cute pinafore , white anklet , maryjane . as she sit on the couch : diana be not she beautiful , Dr. barr ? isaac who? diana Heather . she tell I , you meet she . isaac yes . diana compare to she I always feel like a caterpillar , y’know ? creepy and crawly . isaac perhaps it 's unproductive to compare yourself with Heather . diana ( trace of bile ) -- because I can not measure up ? diana catch herself ; she voice soften . 19 . diana you guy talk about Mom and dad ..? isaac actually we do not . and I want you to know that we do not discuss what happen in this room . if we meet again , I will - only be a listener . and I 'il let you know what she tell I . diana lie back . diana I have the dream again . ( beat ) I be arrange a centerpiece of flower , on a table . she speak rotely , as though recite someone else 's word . diana I decorate the flowerpot with fancy paper . silence . when he 's sure she 's not go to say more : tsaac what kind of flower ? diana Three kind . lily , carnation ... she trail off again . isaac ... and the third kind ? diana shrug -- she can not remember . isaac what be you association with the word " lily " ? diana like lily - white , I guess ... pure . isaac what about " carnation " ? diana draw a blank . tsaac do you know the word " carnal " ? 20 . diana ( beat , then ) it have to do with ~- lust ... right ? Isaac nod . isaac so far , in you centerpiece , you have place a symbol of purity ~- of virginity ~~ and a symbol of lust . diana turn to Isaac with a coy , embarrassed smile . diana I guess there 's a conflict here ..? isaac do you remember what we say about the stove ritual ? diana you mean somehow that it 's this passive aggressive thing ? isaac I think that " fear of intimacy " may be a issue here . as though to gain the upper hand : diana the stove ritual be over , Dr. barr . I have not do it in a week . isaac why do you think that be ? as she consider , she body twitches on the couch , hike up she pinafore , revealing a great deal of leg . diana I do not know ... ( then ) I be check the gun now . isaac ( tensing ) ~~ the gun ? diana I make sure the safety 's on , and that it 's load ... five to ten time , in the morning . 21 . isaac why do you feel you need a gun ? diana I do not feel I do . Heather make I take it . it belong to , um ~~ isaac -~ Jimmy ? the name have pop out of he mouth ~~ both Isaac and diana look surprised . quickly recover : isaac why do not we focus on the feeling and association you get when you be " check " the gun in the morning ..? diana well , it 's my surrogate penis , and the safety be on be because I be ambivalent about my phallic fantasy .». and the bullet be semen . Isaac take a beat . isaac have you think about the danger of keep a load gun in you apartment ? diana think about it . so do Isaac . he do not look happy at all . time CUT : we be still in Isaac 's office , but it 's evening . Heather be sit on the couch now . as she swing up she leg ? heather so ... be this where diana lie ? isaac and sometimes tell the truth . heather when she 's deep in think , do she ... sort of twitch , and turn ... which Heather do , for Isaac 's amusement . heather ... make she skirt sort of accidently ride up ... like this ? Heather somehow make she skirt hitch up , to mid-thigh . 22. Isaac watch , as impassively as he can manage . when Heather finally turn to he for a reaction : isaac tell I about the gun . heather what gun ? isaac Jimmy 's gun . the gun you give diana . Heather swing she leg over , sit up again . heather Isaac . I worry about my baby sister but I have not armed she . in case you have miss it , diana invent neurotic compulsion . she think they make she interesting . JI assume she tell you she check she stove fifty time every morning ? isaac ( nod ) but a fabrication be a kind of fantasy , and a fantasy be a kind of wish . do you see what I be get at ? heather behind every lie , there 's a element of truth ..? Isaac nod again . isaac still , I be glad the gun be a lie . Heather look disappointed . heather -~ and that 's it ? isaac unless you want to tell I whatever you come to tell I the other night . Heather rise . pace , like a cat . heather you downstairs office , this brownstone ... it 's all very dress to kill ... Isaac smile but he do not respond . 23. heather be you dangerous , Dr. barr ? isaac what do you think ? suddenly she stop pace and turn to he . heather I think a psychiatrist can not have a personal relationship with a patient . isaac you be right . heather what about a patient 's sister ? isaac technically , there 's nothing that prohibit it . but -~ to I -~ it do not feel right . heather okay . isaac in addition to which you be marry . heather technically . Heather sink back down onto the couch . sigh . heather you try divorce a Greek Orthodox gangster . Isaac smile at she melodramatic choice of word . isaac a " gangster " ? what , he drive a stutz bearcat and wear double - breast pinstripe suit ? heather he drive a mercede 300 and wear single - breast pinstripe suit . Jimmy build public housing for the poor , which be what gangster do today . we live together in the same apartment . emphasis on " apart " . 24 . isaac look , we previous evening together already generate some inappropriate stuff in my session with diana . heather that sound like psychobabble -~ but if it 's how you feel , let 's not beat this to death . she sit up . a last look at Isaac . then she stand . heather goodnight . Goodbye . tsaac okay . I be sorry . Goodbye . he move to the door , to let she : out -- they brush up against each other , in the door frame . then they be kissing . running they hand over one another 's body . hungrily ... they have both be starve . in between moan of pleasure and anticipation : isaac there 's a nurse upstairs . and my mother ... heather ( softly ) we will be quiet . I will not tell . they have fall back onto the stair that lead up to Isaac 's apartment . feverishly undress each other here . and then , abruptly , Heather disentangle herself from Isaac . isaac -- what --? she hold up a palm : wait . then begin a slow , languid , melancholy strip that instantly hypnotize he . heather ( softly ) do you like this ? isaac ( hoarse ) yes . cuT to : 25 . int . prison ward ~- morning Isaac and Alan lowenthal -- the reserve psychiatrist we see earlier , at the stadium -- have just enter the checkpoint . isaac on the gate ! it 's a sort of cage , surround by mirror and close - circuit camera . Isaac nod at all the bar and security device and chirp at he gloomy colleague : isaac leok at this ! shrink in cage ! but we can free ourselves , Alan ... learn to hang -glide , maybe . mentally , too . Alan do not know what to make of Isaac 's lightheadedness . alan cut it out . you be make I nervous . the gatekeeper buzy they in . cuT to : int . dayroom ~ morning ~ later where some patient play card , other aimlessly roam around the crowded room . that most heavily medicate be slump before the tv watch wheel of fortune . Isaac , make he round , be pepper with os question , e.g. : " when 's my court date , Doc ? " and " hey , Doc , when do I get sprung outta here ? " Isaac be approach by inmate 1 . inmate 1 Doc -- I be charge with assault ! compare to the motherfuck fight I see in here , what I have be a tiff . and I be charge with assault . isaac billy : regardless of what other people call it or what other people do , you still have to work on control you anger . okay ? inmate 1 look a tad defensive . isaac anyway " lst Degree tiff " do not have the right ring to it , do it ? 26 . inmate 1 back off . Isaac approach a almost sweet - look inmate 2 , hunch in the corner . isaac what 's up , Kevin ? inmate 2 Doc , I figure out why I smoke all that angel dust and crack . it 's not ' cause I feel bad about myself . it 's ' cause I feel bad about the world . Isaac be surprised and touch hy this . isaac yeah ? I think I know that feel . inmate 2 be surprised but comfort by Isaac 's response . inmate 2 you do ..? now , insistently tapping Isaac 's shoulder , be bantar man . bantar man Doc ... I make you something in art therapy class . he furtively pull several sheet of sketchbook paper out from under he shirt and hand they to Isaac . close = artwork crude painting of the devil ... the name " Isaac " and " Satan " connect with arrow ... repetition of the phrase " pr . barr must die . " back to scene Isaac put on a broad smile . tsaac May I keep this ? bantar man they be yours , Doc , Suitable for frame . now Isaac notice pepe carrero , across the dayroom , longingly stare out through the mesh window . Isaac cross . isaac hey , pepe ... pepe turn . see Isaac , smile . 27 . pepe hey , doc. isaac pepe . you be hearing any voice ? pepe nada . isaac you know you be be transfer as a outpatient to bronx psychiatric , it 's a civil hospital ... pepe thanks to you , Dr. barr . you ever need anything from I , you just ask . isaac thanks . ( then ) look , I just want to know : after you boyfriend brutalize you ... the thing that happen , with the scissors ... pepe step back , immediately uncomfortable . Isaac hold he gaze , peer hard into he eye . tsaac be there some part of you -~- way deep inside you -- that feel maybe it be right , though you know it be wrong ? pepe pale . pepe oh man ... no ..! I be crazy ! and for week after , all 's I could hear be Ramon scream . no way , man . shit -- Isaac lightly put a hand on pepe 's shoulder . isaac I be sorry , pepe . I have to ask . CUT to : int . nursing station - late morning with Isaac and nurse Franklin . 28. isaac let 's keep a eye on Larry pomeranze ~~ he 's sure we have get a machine upstairs that 's scramble he brain . ( look up at she ) do we ? franklin I nve never know Larry to be wrong on something like this . tsaac disassemble it immediately ... and also -- and I hate to do this -- raise he thorazine to 1200 a day . oh , and I think we can d/c lamarr King from one - ~- to - one suicide watch . ( start off , stop ) be I forget anything ? franklin ( sour ) Robert 's back . absently , as he exit the nursing station : isaac really ? how be he trip ? franklin forget it . cuT to : int . administrative wing ~ afternoon Isaac and Alan munch hero sandwich as they move along the corridor , crowded with cry kid , shouting patient , cop drift here and there ... alan this new referral be so dull ... yesterday , during the session , I actually start to fall asleep . isaac Long as you do not snore . alan but what do you say at the end of a dron monologue you have not hear ? 29 . isaac you repeat the last word or two , phrase as a question . ( demonstrate ) " you mother ? " Alan laugh . isaac I have get a great new patient who use the most elegant symbolism and verbal bridge in she dream content ... she represent she libido not by a tunnel or a forest , but by a carnation . alan ah. carnation . " carnal " . TI like it . isaac she have a older sister . about thirty . we meet a couple of time to talk about the family ... Alan follow he into : int . isaac' office ~ afternoon cramped , crowded with file , make ( barely ) habitable only by the window that face onto a rooftop exercise area . Alan shut the door tight . sit opposite Isaac . alan you do not sleep with she ..? isaac . look , if you never want to have lunch with I again , I understand . alan no , do not stop . I have love to see you hang by you civil libertarian pal . isaac hey , I go through the a.m.a. 's principle of ethic , and even the special annotation for psychiatry do not say anything about sleep with a patient 's sister . Alan shake he head , incredulous . isaac what can I say , Alan ? I have a weakness for unhappy woman . alan do not flatter yourself . all shrink have a weakness for unhappy woman . isaac yes , but this be something special ... she 's really unhappy . Alan be unamuse . alan if you patient find out -~- which seem likely -- then all the trust you have build go down the dumper . if she do not find out , it 's because you be lie to she , which mean the analysis can not continue . anyway you know as well as I do that romantic love be a projection . you do not see this woman ~~ you see you vision of she . you be in a delusional state , Isaac ... no human be be so beautiful , so special that she , uh ... that she -- Alan be look past Isaac . his mouth be slightly heather have step into the office . she 's like a goddess the lower depth . alan C -can I help you ? 30 . agape . visit Heather touch Isaac 's shoulder . Alan die a little . heather the receptionist say you have be here . Isaac be surprised and delighted . he stand . isaac this be Alan lowenthal . my colleague , my conscience . Alan , Heather Evans . a blush Alan jump to he foot as well . alan please to meet you . ( offer he seat ) please ... sit down . heather sorry for barging in on you guy . 31 . alan do not be . isaac ( to Alan ) what be we just say ? Alan flash Isaac a mortify grin . alan that I be late for round . Nice to meet you , Ms. Evans . heather Nice meeting you . Alan mop he brow and hurriedly exit . Heather smile at Isaac . heather so ... cure any crazy today ? tsaac no , but I be give a lovely set of original watercolar . created by a personal friend of the President of bantar . heather " bantar " ? isaac the planet . the theme of the work be that Satan and I have much in common , and that I must die . heather «+. God ... isaac so what be you do here ? heather be it okay ? I wake up and all I want be to see you . and I can not tonight ... Jimmy make a reservation at lutece . isaac there be worse place to eat dinner ... 32 . heather that 's just the beginning . then it 's on to nell 's . Three time a week ... ( beat ) he make I dance . she look down , as though in shame . Isaac reach a hand to she chin , turn she face up to he . his mouth find hers . she bite he lip . he push she against the wall , hand grop under she skirt ... she grab and tear at he . they be almost make love when ... p.a ( v.0 . ) Dr. barr ... Dr. barr to the prison Ward immediately ... Dr. barr ... neither seem to hear : they continue to consume one another . int . prison ward ~- five minute later bantar man be be restrain by four c.0 . 's as a fifth fit he for a straitjacket . another c.o. kneel nearby , with a smashed , bloody nose . Alan have just injected bantar man with a heavy sedative as Isaac belatedly arrive , still straighten he clothing . he guiltily take in the scene . isaac sorry . I be across the building -~ alan -- Dr. barr be give a important injection . the two doctor trade look . cuT to : int . chinese restaurant - that night a crowded , storefront pell Street noodle joint . Isaac and o’brien be deep into they fry rice and tsing dao beer . isaac Mike , through the d.a. 's office maybe «+. could you check out a guy for I ? o'brien " a guy " ? 33 . isaac Jimmy Evans . he build project , I think ... maybe a crook of some kind . o'brien who be this guy ? isaac I do not know , 's 's why I be ask you . ( then , concede ) somebody 's husband . o’ brien squint at he friend . isaac she 's try to get out of it . and I be try to find out if that 's as tough as she 's make it sound . o’brien ike , this be not you . you be a rational guy . isaac yeah . I know . but trust I , Mike ... this be a good thing . life affirm . positive energy . everything we hate . of brien grudgingly smile . raise he beer . o'brien if we hate it , it 's gotta be alright . Isaac and o’brien clink glass , and drink . cuT to : int . lutece - night Jimmy and Heather , look splendid but stiff , share a table in one of the formal uhpolster dining room upstairs . he 's wash down sauteed sweetbread with a wine that he refresh from a carafe . she 's pick at pelerine a la meridionale , and sip ice water . a clatter of silverware in lieu of conversation . finally : jimmy know what I love about lutece ? Heather reluctantly raise she eyebrow : what ? 34 . jimmy you take away the price and all the polite bullshit and it 's peasant food . Mountain food . my kind of food . Heather manage a halfheart murmur . jimmy plus which we be not gonna run into any of my , ah ... grease - a- ball business - a buddy , y’k now what I be say ? another murmur from across the table . jimmy they be in pig heaven in they pasta palace with the velvet wall and the wine steward fresh off the boat . what do that gorilla know from alsation cuisine ..? ( beat ) where be alsatia , anyway ? heather ( quietly correct ) alsace . jimmy Al 's ass ? who 's Al ? some stud you be see on the side ? mortify , Heather glance at the neighbor diner . jimmy what do you care if they hear ? do you think they shit do not stink ? heather you can be very crude . jimmy and you need that . " crude . " " Rough " . you pretend that you do not but you do . Heather look down . she be mun . jimmy to get off . ( cold , quiet ) do not you ? Heather look up . heather I have like some wine with dinner . 35 . jimmy you would like some wine with dinner . he lift he glass , as though to hand it to she . but he hold it tantalizingly out of reach . jimmy or do not you remember the last time ? you get way out of hand . heather '' Way out of hand " . jimmy Wild . heather I get wild ! I have one good time -- once ~~ and I be wild . jimmy it 's more than once . heather oh you nre right . twice . thrice. nsnap she finger ) -~ hopa ! jimmy two month I be hold this reservation and you pick tonight to grow a wild hair up you ass . again Heather flick she eye to the nearby table . jimmy they be not gonna help you . you need help , you pray . you pray to I . heather one sip . there be a note of plead in she voice . jimmy you pray . " we father ... " heather ( weakly ) " we father ... " Jimmy smile . then hand she he wine glass . jimmy one sip . 36 . Heather take a gulp . then pass the glass back to hin . Jimmy be happy now . as he polish off he sweetbread : jimmy you believe I be eat this ? I , who use to be a vegetarian . and here I be chew on a pancreas . a pancreas be a giand , f’r godsake ... during this speech , Heather have go from listlessly forking she scallop to furiously attack they . jimmy ( alarmed ) Heather -~-? seemingly oblivious , Heather stab at she scallop with such force , the sauce splatter off the plate . several diner in the immediate vicinity trade concerned look with Jimmy , who 's now lean across the table . jimmy Heather --! apparently bring back to she sense , Heather abruptly set down she silverware . then , softly : heather it 's alright . I be ... a little woozy . I need the lady room . she shakily stand , awkwardly push she chair aside . heather I will be fine . she put on a want smile mean to reassure . shuffle away from the table . Jimmy tear off a chunk of roll . as he start to butter it we hear a startling shriek off -screen . heather 's voice he 's control I ! my brain ! horrify , Jimmy drop he butter knife . turn . gawk : what he sees at the staircase just beyond the dining room stand Heather . Wild -ey , mouth twisted , finger point at Jimmy . her screech sound not at all like she natural voice : it 's as though Heather be demonically possess . 37 . heather my brain ! my body . they be not mine ! the hush be palpable . all eat and bustling have cease ; diner and waiter alike be freeze by the spectacle , then Heather bolt back to the table . she hurl herself at a horrify Jimmy , who duck out of harm 's way ... Heather crash onto the table , which collapse onto the floor . she be rush by three waiter and two captain . as they seize Heather , sprawle across the capsize table , she cry continue , muffle : heather he control my brain ! my body -- cuUT to : close - syringe as Heather be injected , we hear : jimmy 's voice she have a drink a few time before and kinda ... snap . but I never think one big sip could set she off ... int . examination room ~- night - later Heather , sweaty and bruise , be laid out on a examine table . Jimmy anxiously watch as the attend nurse complete the injection , swab Heather 's shoulder , then comb the damp hair out of she face . nurse she 's be in before ? jimmy why ? we only get one visit ? int . hospital corridor - jimmy be meet here by the attend physician . as they shake : physician Mr. Evans ... I be Dr. spector . they start down the corridor crowded with patient , stand , sit , sprawle on gurney , etc . dr . spector you realize you wife suffer from pathological intoxication ? ( more ) 38 . dr . spector ( cont / d ) I see on she chart she come in here last year after a similar incident . jimmy if I know so little could make she go flippy ... in lutece , talk about humiliate -~ dr . spector people with this syndrome will have a dramatic , often violent , response to even the most minute amount of alcohol . and never remember a thing . ext . hospital - late night two orderly deposit the semiconscious Heather into the back seat of a wait cab . dr . spector ( tell jimny ) we give she five milligram of haldol . get she home , let she sleep off the shot , and keep she away from alcohol . in any form . understood ? int . cab ( moving ) ~ night Heather be half - sprawle , head lolling . Jimmy study she face -- relaxed , even beautiful , despite the bruise . jimmy ( soft , mournful ) you be damage goods . he reach out and gently arrange she hair just so , as one would do for a small child . jimmy but you be also my wife . he suddenly seize Heather and desperately clutches she limp form to he . jimmy but if you ever embarrass I like that again I ’1ll fuck kill you . CUT to : int . isaac 's live room - next evening he 's at he word processor , revise he paper . in b.g. we faintly hear can laugh from a tv in he mother 's bedroom . 39 . close - screen as Isaac type : " yet since the Reagan era , the insanity defense have be under fire from " back to scene disgust , he stop type . mutter , as he delete : isaac bullshit . reaches into the ashtray , find the longest cigarette butt . as he start to light it , there be a loud buzz . Isaac jump up , cross to the intercom . isaac yeah ? woman 's voice ( through filter ) National Institute of mental Health . int . vestibule - night a restore Heather stand at the intercom . heather moral division . Isaac buzy she in . int . isaac 's kitchen - five minute later as he mix two vodka tonic he hear , from the live room : heathern voice be you mother awake ? isaac watch the tube . he cross , with the drink , into : int . live room - night Heather be peer at Isaac 's computer screen . isaac do not read that . would you like to meet she ? heather not yet . 40 . she look up as Isaac hand she a glass . lightly sniff . heather vodka ? isaac and tonic . heather I have prefer hot water with lemon . I be fight a cold . and for do not drink . isaac but you smoke ... heather want one ? go in my pocketbook . she tilt she head in the direction of the couch , where she have leave it . then cross to the kitchen , to turn on the kettle . Isaac reach into Heather 's pocketbook . and find a item that 's more intrigue than cigarettes . he pull out : a lead pipe chrome -plate , about five inch long , with thread end . scene Isaac be study it as Heather step back into the room . heather oh . that 's protection . there 's a lot of lunatic in this town . isaac fortunately for some of we . he heft the pipe . isaac hmm . why not a whistle ? or mace ? or a nice , traditional kick in the ball ? meantime Heather be read off Isaac 's computer screen : heather " the insanity defense be as old as the conflict between free will and determinism . as far back as the Bible , distinction be draw between that who be criminally responsible and that who be not ... " 41 . isaac painful , be not it ? I have get to rework the whole thing . heather why ? it look interesting . isaac the word of a sage who acquire he hard - win wisdom in the law library . Heather turn from the screen to he . heather whereas now that you be sleep with a patient 's marry sister , you have become worldly and profound ? Isaac be about to retort , when he notice : isaac you cheek . what happen --? Heather avert she face to make the bruise less obvious . breather nothing . tsaac Jimmy ? heather I think you want a cigarette . go on -~ have a cigarette . still clutching the lead pipe , Isaac hold it in she face . isaac this be protection from Jimmy ~~ be not it ? talk to I . Heather step toward he . reaches out for he . heather I can stay late . he have a poker game , tuesday and thursdays . sometimes he play all night . incongruous mindless laughter cascade from the back bedroon . isaac he leave you all night to play poker . 42 . as he put the pipe back in she pocketbook : isaac every new detail help I to hate he more . and I do not even know the guy . heather let 's leave it that way . in the kitchen the kettle emit a shriek that quickly become pierce . but neither Isaac nor Heather appear to notice . isaac I do not want to leave it . and I do not think you do either . Heather 's response be to abruptly -- almost violently -~ kiss Isaac 's lip . as abruptly , she break the kiss . heather Isaac , do not rewrite you paper . Don / not change because of I . this be not real . isaac no ? what 's real ? a husband who drop a bundle at five - card stud , then stumble home and smack he wife ? Isaac shake he head . isaac that 's bullshit . this be real . Heather shake she head -- more adamant , even , than Isaac . heather no . this be not real . it 's a movie . we be in a movie . her tone be almost desperate . Isaac start to speak , but : heather here 's a scene . I be in bed -- int . isaac 's bedroom ~- night a modest room upstairs . crowd also with book and papers . Heather lie on Isaac 's bed , nearly naked , partially cover by a sheet . he stand in the far corner , shroud in shadow . heather in my bed . asleep . but warm ... it 's summer . I toss and turn . 43. isaac ( soft , rapt ) and who be I ? heather you be a intruder . you have come for my jewel . you think I be out of town , with my husband . but I stay behind . Isaac move toward the bed . we see , now , that he be naked . heather you have just come out of jail . have not be with a woman in five year . but you be a legendary lover ... you have -- Isaac silence she with a soft kiss . then deftly remove she lingerie with one hand while tenderly stroking she with the other . his movement be gentle , deliberate . heal . then Heather pull she mouth apart from he , to speak . her voice be oddly childlike . heather can you ... fuck I without hurt I ? Isaac be stunne by the question . but now be not the time to play shrink . isaac of course . he continue to make love to she . she begin to respond . at first she be tentative , but it build , steadily , and build more ... when she come , it be both ecstatic and a strange surprise . a tear slide down she cheek . isaac -.. what ? Heather pull herself together . kiss Isaac 's forehead . heather that never happen to I before . isaac you mean , you do not come when -~ heather do not be silly . isaac then ... why ..? a beat , then Heather swing she leg off the bed . 44 . heather T have to go . her tone be suddenly , oddly cordial . she find she bra , she panty . stands before the mirror and brushes she hair with quick stroke . isaac stay awhile longer . I want to talk . heather ioca not ... you know I can not . she continue to brush she hair -- in a abstract way , like a autistic activity . now , without turn from the mirror : heather how be diana ? will she be okay ? tsaac we will see progress ... but there 's no magic . it take a lot of time and hard work to break through the defense -- heather {matter of fact ) we Mom die when we be small -~ dad raise we alone . he rape diana . more than once . she 's block it all out . Heather finally turn from the mirror , to face Isaac . heather will that speed thing up a little ? Isaac be startle , though not entirely surprised . he reach out to touch she . isaac it all help . heather good . the sound of a siren , outside ... barrel into the night . tsaac I know it be hard for you to tell I that . Heather press herself hard against he , but do not speak . isaac stay the night . the hell with jimny . 45 . Heather 's eye shine . heather he have kill we both . she push away from he and quickly cross to the door . as Isaac follow she out , we hear : diana 's voice have you see she again , Dr. barr ? cur to : int . isaac 's office ~ day diana be lie on the couch . diana do you talk about I ? Isaac sit in the efame chair . a beat , then : isaac no . we do not . diana be you two lover ? isaac why do you want to know ? diana because I keep imagine it . isaac how do that make you feel ? when you imagine it ..? diana consider . then change the subject . diana I have the dream again . in a somnolent monotone , as though instantly self - hypnotize : diana I be arrange a centerpiece of flower , on a table . I use fancy paper to decorate the flowerpot ... the paper feel like velvet ... and there be three kind of flower . isaac what kind ? 46 . diana lilly , carnation ... she trail off . tsaac what 's the third kind , diana ? after a long beat : diana violet . Isaac light a cigarette . isaac '' violet '' . diana turn she head , to see he . diana do that mean something ? isaac what do you think ? diana just stare . isaac let 's say the table be you , diana ... compare to you sister you see yourself as plain , flat ... uninteresting . diana do not contradict this . isaac the centerpiece of flower ... perhaps .-. be you sexuality . and the connection between purity and lust ... the miss piece of the puzzle ... be " violet " . diana make a dismissive face . diana violence be just flower . isaac " violence " ? diana I do not say that . 47 . isaac what do you say ? diana ( flustered ) I say " violate " . she catch herself . diana violet . godammit -- violet . abruptly she sit up and swing she foot over the side of the couch so she 's face Isaac . she look upset . diana why ? isaac ( gently ) perhaps it relate to something in you past , that you have ... put away . as though panicked by this suggestion : diana they be just flower , Dr. barr . I use to do floral arrangement ... why do everything always have to be about sex ? Isaac remain impassive . isaac fall I more about this fancy paper , that feel like velvet . diana ( heatedly ) you mean something gross , like it 's pubic hair . I know you have say that . isaac no , you say it . diana glance at she watch . then swing she leg off the couch . isaac where be you go ? diana hour 's up . as she start to rise : 48 . tsaac I do see you sister last night . we do talk about you . diana sink back onto the couch . diana what about I ? isaac .-. about you father . diana ( beat , then ) it 's true . isaac what 's true ? diana I want he to be dead . and he do . tsaac he " do " ? diana have a heart attack . dropped dead . and I be happy . isaac and why be you happy ? diana because he hate I . once he be dead we be finally free ! we could start fresh , come to New York ... isaac whose idea be that ? diana oh , Heather have all the idea . I just ... I just agree with she . cuT to : int . isaac 's mother 's bedroom - early evening ( later ) Isaac alternately eat he dinner off a tray and feed he mother , who 's propped up and stare at the local tv news . in the midst of a os report of someone be push off a subway platform , the phone ring . Isaac pick up . 49 . tsaac Dr. barr ... o'brien 's voice ike ? get some info on " Jimmy Evans " . isaac oh yeah ? how bad be it ? intercut : int . o’brien 's legal aid office - same time chaotic and grungy . o’ brien read off a notepad . o/ brien bear dmitri evagalou ... emigrated from athen at eighteen , the avoid the draft . Jimmy build building . supplement by the occasional pension fund scam , bid-rigge , maybe launder the money for drug deal ... Fucking around with he wife , it 's like teasing King Kong . Isaac be silent . o’brien there 's a federal task force look into this beauty . I / have stop see the girl , Isaac . isaac you have not see the girl , Michael . but thanks -- I / 1l catch you later . Isaac hang up . as he spoon more soup for he mother , he explain : isaac she 's not a girl you stop see . cuT to : ext . central park west ~ that night Isaac , hugging he side , try to stay warm by shuffle back and forth over a subway grate . he 's be out here awhile , on the park side of the avenue . wait . watch . now he stop move . he see : across the STREET Heather , escort by Jimmy , as they exit they building and be help into a idling limousine . 50 . back to isaac he retreat into the shadow , study both he lover and he rival . then as the limo move off , he step into the street . isaac -- taxi . cuT to : ext . nell 's - night ( later ) the demimonde hangout . limo double~parked . trendoid desperate to get in . track with Isaac as he alight from he cab and steer a determine path to the entrance . he appear to know just where he 's go . nobody stop he . int . nell 's - night ( later ) Heather and Jimmy on the dance floor . he 's casual , loose ... surprisingly nimble . she dance with a distract air ... a quality of not-being - there that be languid , and effortlessly sensual . now as they body separate , we see between they to the har . tsaac finish what , to judge by body language , be not he first vodka tonic . still study he lover , and he rival . jimmy happen to turn , as he sway -- and catch Isaac 's glance . isaac be too far go to care : he continue to baldly stare . scene Jimmy signal to Heather -~ he 's have enough . he lead she off the dance floor , make a point of pass Isaac . Heather have not notice he until Jimmy be stand right in front of Isaac 's stool . jimmy be you just give I a look ? Heather be stunne . she quickly recover , tug he arm . 51 . heather c'mon , Jimmy ~~ Jimmy will not let it go . jimmy be that a look you be give I ? Heather 's eye flick to Isaac , plead with he to back off . isaac it be a look of admiration . Heather inhale -- oh God , what next ? isaac ( continue , to Jimmy ) I be a fan of yours . of all the great builder : Le corbusier , Donald trump , Adolf Hitler ... a tense beat as Jimmy measure he response . but Heather manage to pull he away , back to they table . int . bathroom - 5 minute later Isaac douse he face and try to sober up . now he raise he face , to dry it -- - ~ and there 's Jimmy reflect in the mirror . Isaac whirl . jimmy you little prick over at justice either hand down a indictment or stay off my ass . remember : shit fly two way . isaac shit definitely fly two way . Jimmy take a step closer . jimmy I be memorize you cute puss . ' Cause if I catch you even glance at I again , I all pry out both you fuck eyeball . Isaac stand he ground . isaac that will solve you legal problem . without warning Jimmy smack Isaac 's cheek -~ with a open hand , but hard . 52 . Isaac swing at Jimmy 's face but Evans be quick , and the blow be glance , at best . Jimmy push Isaac against the sink . he 's about to punch he out when two elegant man emerge from the same toilet stall . all party trade stunne , embarrassed look . in the moment , Jimmy reconsider ~~ he abruptly turn and walk out . over : man 's voice maybe I / 11 never have sex again . cuT to : int . isaac' office - afternoon a male patient be in session , luxuriate in despair . patient it 's not just the aids . it 's the rest of it : papilloma , hepatitis B , genital wart ... and the aids , of course . Isaac be bruise , hang over and out of sort . try to pay attention , but he eye keep wander to the window . through the window we see the foot and leg of pass pedestrian . over : patient 's voice now they be say condom may not work ~~ and I do not even like condom ... a bum hobby by , one oversize shoe and one bare foot . then a woman with a dog and a pooper-scooper . back to isaac as he realize it 's time to make a comment . isaac " condom " ? consumer report say that a effective one be just a few year away . back to the window two kid in nike adroitly kick a bottle back and forth . patient ’s’ voice so do I wait ? or do you think this be all some kind of defense ? 53 . then a pair of shapely calve , the foot in expensive pump . patient 's ' voice do you think maybe I be afraid of sex ? scene Isaac have a feel about that leg . it 's all he can do to turn back to he patient . isaac what. do you think ? the patient carefully consider this for a beat . patient ... that 's a interesting question . back to window Isaac be right -- Heather have come down the stair . she peer through the blind to see whether Isaac be occupy . scene Isaac signal to she -- wait . then , to the patient : isaac I be sorry ... we time be up . the patient sit up - patient no it 's not . isaac ( firm ) yes it be . at the door - a minute later Isaac show the patient out as Heather enter . the patient nearly suffer whiplash try to get a look . int . isaac 's office ~ afternoon Isaac quickly close the door behind then . heather brilliant move . her eye be bloodshot . 54 . isaac it be dumb , I know . I be sorry . you have be cry . heather I have catch a goddamn cold . she notice the bruise . lightly stroke it . heather that look terrible . isaac now we both bear the Mark of Jimmy . by the way , he think I be with the justice Department . c‘mon , Heather ... do I dress that bad ? Heather be not amused . heather that 's why psychiatry be the wimpossible profession " . psychiatrist be impossible ... more narcissistic than any of you patient . isaac I just feel a neurotic , masochistic ... stupid need to see he . see you dance with he ... Heather involuntarily shudder . heather after the other night with you , I ... can not bear he touch I . tsaac leave . divorce he ~- heather it 's not that easy ! he have still be ... around . and I have ... I have still be who I be . divorce ... it 's just a legalism . isaac but a fairly definitive one . Heather grab Isaac 's shirt , pull he to she . heather let 's not talk . let 's just fuck -- Isaac hold she off . 55 . isaac why do you think -- really think -- you can not walk out on Jimmy ? because he 's Greek Orthodox ? a gangster ? no , it 's because he 's what you understand in a man , what you expect from a man ... that , and " fuck " . so far , I bet , you have be " fuck " by every man you have ever know , but it do not have to be that way . you have a choice . Heather shut she eye . tear roll down she cheek . now she wearily rest she head on Isaac 's shoulder . sniffle , a bit . then sneeze . CUT to : int . pharmacy ~ evening - later Isaac and Heather stand at a cash register . the cashier ring up kleenex , nyquil ... next to they , a crone plead with the pharmacist : crone you do not need a prescription to have pain , do you ?! I need demerol ! I / m a M.D. , godammit ! '' a Doctor of misery ! Heather sneeze again . cashier go ahead . take the nyquil . Heather gratefully open the box , unscrew the cap . sips. cut to : ext . heather 's build - evening Heather and Isaac approach she building . she tense . joke : heather I think I can make it the rest of the way . tsaac I be walk you to you door . heather Isaac -- isaac he do not own the sidewalk . do he ? 56 . heather you sound like a child . the doorman open the door for Heather . she turn to shoo Isaac away . and then , softly : heather shit . Isaac start to turn around , to see what Heather see , over he shoulder . heather De not turn . just come in . behind isaac a long , shiny black _limo be glide up to the curb . int . lobby - evening Heather quickly lead Isaac past the doorman . softly : isaac be it he ? heather I do not know . they move to the elevator , in a bank off to the side . she press up. both anxiously look up , at the floor indicator above the car door . the indicator as 2 blink off , and lobby blink on . behind they , the clacking of a man 's shoe , approach . in the elevator as the door open and Isaac and Heather quickly board . Isaac press door Close . a hand reach in , jolting open the door . and -- ~- a harmless old gent in coke- bottle glass board . he bring he face close to Heather 's . squint . gent even , Mrs. Evans . Heather manage a smile as Isaac press door Close again . 57 . gent we have not see you at the co - op meeting lately . lot of change . New chandelier in the lobby . the car stop on 4 , and the gent get off . gent night , now . heather ' night . the car continue up . stop at 6. heather ~~ C / mon. Isaac exit with she , into : int . vestibule - evening there be only two apartment per floor . Heather lead Isaac to a third , plain door . heather the service stair down . she open the door for he . he pause to kiss she . isaac call I . ext . alley - evening - two minute later Isaac exit the building into a shadowy alley where trash be collect . then humiliatingly slip in some slick stuff ..... Isaac get to he foot . collect himself -- and he dignity -- then dart out of the alley , and hurry down the block . CUT to : int . heather 's live room - evening Heather stand here , sip more nyquil . muffled , through the wall , she hear a strange , unearthly tramping sound . int . bathroom / spa - evening it be Jimmy on the treadmill , in run shoe and short -- hirsute , pour sweat , foot pounding . a almost fascistic picture of power in motion . 58 . Heather stand in the doorframe , watch the spectacle . he instantly sense she presence . without look at she : jimmy we be meeting Joe giannatasio at Tre scalini , at eight . a smile of contempt cross she lip . heather I be in for the night . I have a cold . she sip she nyquil . jimmy two week I be hold reservation . Heather 's response be to take another sip of nyquil . Jimmy shut off the treadmill . jimmy c'mon . go to you room . make yourself gorgeous . heather I be stay in . I be sick . she swig again on the nyquil . Jimmy cross , for a towel . jimmy you be sick ? now tell I something I do not know . on " do not " , he swat the nyquil out of she hand . the bottle go fly , shatter against the mirrore wall , crack it . jimmy shit . you be pay for that -- a cruel glint in he eye . he bring the towel to he face . jimmy take off you clothes . get down on you knee . he vigorously dry the sweat from he forehead and -- ~- Heather reach for the nearest dumbbell . grip it with both hand and swing it at he temple ! it connect with a hideous crack , the impact send Jimmy over the side of the jacuzzi , into the bubbling water . 59 . all we see be he foot , bob ... and the towel still cover he face , like a shroud . a stain spread on it , then the towel float away , revealing eye open in surprise , turn the water a sick fizzy pink ~- and Heather scream . fade out . as the scream subside , we fade up on : ext . riker island - next morning the sun rise on " the rock , " fable and forbid . a cab pull up at the gate . Isaac climb out , show he card to the prison guard , enter . int . waiting room - morning diana be wedge between a old latino man mumble prayer in Spanish and a Young tough who jump up every few second , swear , and sit down again . as Isaac enter , diana fly into he arm . diana what be they gonna do to she --? Isaac pat she shoulder . isaac I do not know ... ( then ) what happen ..? do you ~~ diana they find he -- Jimmy ... with he head ... um ... crush I guess ... Isaac wince . he feel sick , disbely . diana and she ... she 's not sure -- what -- off -screen , we hear : c.0 .’s voice " barr " ? int . visitors 's area - morning Three big , bar window and a row of picnic-style table . on the far side of the table sit the female prisoner ( mostly young , black ) , in drab jumper . guarding they be a dozen c.0. 's , male and female , black and white . on the near side of the table sit the visitor : husband , boyfriend , girlfriend , parent . there be a multilingual babble . 60 . Isaac sit -- hunch , apprehensive -~ on the visitor 's side of the picnic table . the chair opposite be empty . through clanging steel door at the far end of the Visitors Area come Heather , escort by a female c.0 . Heather 's skin be chalky , hair greasy and limp , eye swollen from ery . spot Isaac , she break away from the c.0. , swiftly move to the chair opposite , and sit . tsaac be you okay ? Heather mime that she need a ciagrette . Isaac shake one out for himself too , light they both . then : isaac he find out about we ? attack you ? Heather shake she head . isaac threatened you ? heather ( fight for control ) it be not like that . we be talk 1 ... a fight , but nothing -~ unusual ... and then , God I , just snap , like -- she bring the cigarette to she mouth with a tremble hand . heather like that other time . isaac what other time ? heather the feel that come over I . lose control . go crazy -- isaac when ? heather but this time , I do not have a drink . isaac what ? heather I be go to tell you ... but it 's not easy for I ... I guess I want you to think it be perfect ... 61 . she laugh -~ softly , bitterly . heather something happen to I when I drink . it 's horrible , I become ... I do not know what I become , I can not remember . isaac have you see a doctor for this ? Heather half -nod . isaac ... and do they diagnose it ? Heather shake she head ~~ she can not think . isaac do they call it ~~ would you remember ? -~ " pathological intoxication " ? Heather frown , tilt she head -- maybe ... heather I do not know -- isaac but you say you do not have a drink -- heather of course not . I know I can not drink . tsaac okay ... what do you do ? heather I ... go into the bathroom ... have some more nyquil ... Jimmy be there -- Isaac blink : of course . isaac the nyquil . you @grank ~~ how much ? heather ( shrug ) a few sip . quite a few ... Isaac lean across the table . isaac do not you know that nyquil be twenty - five percent alcohol ? Heather look baffle . 62 . isaac you do not know what you be do -- heather Isaac , I be not crazy -- isaac but you have be treat for this , be I right ? for pathological intoxication ? heather I have be ... they bring I in to , um , New York Hospital ... twice ... and once to lenox Hill ... Isaac nod . the wheel be spin . isaac do you have a lawyer ? Heather shake she head . despair : heather I do not have a lawyer . I do not have anything . Isaac place a steady hand on she tremble one . isaac yes you do . now you do . cuT to : int . madison square garden - night ( several week later ) a large , loud , unruly mob move up the concrete ramp toward the arena . among they we find Alan , o’brien and Isaac . petition the conservative shrink : isaac it 's open and shut and I have do it -- o’brien ~- but barr 's be -~- what 's the word ? ~- schtupping the accuse . isaac Mike -- o'brien what , I do not say it right ? alan I do not know , Isaac ... if I be anything , I be a prosecution man ... 63. isaac which only increase you credibility as a defense witness in this case . track with they as they enter a dark , claustrophobic tunnel . o'brien Alan , the decease be a guy they be try to prosecute for a pig 's age . have not you notice the bird chirp more melodiously ? the child 's laughter a little brighter ? America 's a nicer country without that shitball . alan I be not stupid . I know why you be determine to suck I into this . o’ brien turn to Isaac . the soul of innocence . o/ brien what 's he talk about ? alan several year ago I publish a study in the Archives of General psychiatry . you want I to believe Isaac do not mention that to you ? as they find they entrance , and move toward they seat : isaac relax , Alan . think of the referral this 's 1l bring you . cut to : ext . 100 centre STREET ~ morning ( a few month later ) Civil servant make they way into the criminal Court . over : man' voice the defense will tell you that Mrs. Evans be under the influence of this or that when she kill she husband . int . courtroom - day the large courtroom , on the 13th floor . it 's pack . judge costello preside . of the side be the jury -- mix race , mostly blue collar . 64 . they attentively listen to Assistant d.a. donald brarkhage as he deliver he open statement . brakhage have the build of Dick butkus and the mien of Bruce the shark . brakhage they ’1l1 bring in so-called expert to say she be not in she right mind . angle - heather at the defense table . terribly pale , terribly pretty . brakhage 's voice but lady and gentleman of the jury : pan to o’brien , next to Heather . he 's thoroughly clean up he act for this occasion ; in he perry Ellis suit , he look every inch the high - power criminal lawyer . brakhagen voice we be here to try a woman who ... in the gallery diana , even paler than she sister . Isaac have discreetly sit a few row behind she . now : a black man slip into the room , take a seat in the same row as -~ but on the opposite side of ~~ Isaac . he intently watch Isaac ( who have not notice he ) as the d.a. continue he open : brakhagen voice ... on a lovely spring night ... the black man be sharp and ferocious - look , nearly burst out of he blue suit . back to brakhage brakhage ... din the sanctity of the apartment she share with she husband , wait until he have turn he back , then savagely ... he lift a dumbbell off the prosecution table . raise it , in a way that emphasize its weight . brakhage ... swing a heavy dumbbell at he head . on " head , " brakhage smashes the dumbbell down onto the tabletop , produce a shocking , terrible thud . 65 . in the gallery spectator flinch . even Isaac ... time CUT : o'brien as he deliver he open statement to the jury . o'brien impressive be not it ? though I think Raymond burr do it first , in a place in the Sun , with a oar ... but what Mr. brakhage do not say be that that dumbbeli over there be not the object that kill Jimmy Evans , the actual dumbbell be never recover . if indeed it be a dumbbell . you see whatever object be use , and whatever really happen in that bathroom on that night , can never be know beyond a reasonable doubt . he gesture at Heather -- she look smail , frail and afraid . o / brien because Heather Evans have no memory of the event of that night . as we proceed , you will see this be consistent with we plea . cuT to : int . isaac 's apartment ~ late night Isaac at he word processor , back to revise he paper . the doorbell ring . surprise , Isaac get up , go to the door , look through the keyhole . open the door , for ... mike o’brien . ' tie and hair askew . o’brien sorry to barge in . mommy asleep ? isaac last I look . what 's up ? o’/ brien I be just hang with a buddy of mine from the d.a. 's office . quaffed a few . isaac no kid . 66 . o'brien brakhage 's expert witness ? isaac cohagan ? I be not worried about he -~ o’brien ( grin ) they be just sandbagge we with Dr. cohagan . they star 's be wait in the wing : they be call Dr. grusin . isaac they be shelling out for Jack grusin ? o’ brien flop into the nearest chair . o’brien +». that goddam insurance company . they 's 1l1 spend more figure out how to beat a claim than just pay the fucker . tsaac what the hell do a insurance company have to do with this ? o’/ brien get any bushmill 's ? no , you would not . Isaac cross to the kitchen , pull a bottle of stoli out of the freezer . pour two over ice . as he reenter the room : he take a o’brien seem Jimmy have a million dollar life insurance policy and Heather 's the sole beneficiary . if she 's find not responsible , they have to pay double -- ' cause ( you will like this ) technically it have be consider a " accident " . vodka from Isaac and downs half in one gulp . isaac ( stunne ) you bre say ... o / brien I be say a million time two be -- isaac wait . shut up ! a good divorce lawyer could have get she that and more -~- o’ brien shake he head . 67 . o’brien seem we dear depart mogul be four mile in the hole . gambling debt and junk bond f’r day ... say my pal the prosecutor . now it 's Isaac 's turn to drain he stoli . o’ / brien when this be all over , you girlfriend could be up to she long slender neck in megabuck . hey , maybe I shoulda take this case for a piece of the action . int . isaac 's mother 's bedroom - night ( later ) late night , perfect quiet . Isaac 's sleep mother look so peaceful and still , she might almost be dead . he sit at she bedside , head bow but wide awake . softly : isaac she love I . she know how I feel about she . she would not use I like that . he reach out , as though he have like to wake she , to ask : isaac would she ? Isaac 's mother just peacefully sleep . cuut to : int . riker ‘s island visitor 's area - next morning Heather come through the gate and cross to Isaac . she appear rest ; some color have return to she face . she take a seat opposite Isaac and reach out for he hand . heather hi. Isaac be silent . he look strain and tense . heather be something wrong ? diana ~-? tsaac diana 's fine . you forget to mention that you be the sole beneficiary of you husband 's life insurance policy . Heather look confuse . 68 . tsaac or be that another thing you be wait to tell I ? heather ... what be you ~~ say ? isaac just that if the jury find that you be not responsible , you walk out of a hospital in a month or so , and collect two million tax - free buck . heather but that 's impossible ! impassion , Heather be shaking she head . heather no. no. Jimmy would never have name I beneficiary . Isaac 's look say : he do . Heather 's hand fly up to she mouth . heather my god -- do he -- do you think ... it mean he love I ? as though this be the most terrifying possibility . Isaac impassively light a camel , as Heather try to hold herself together . Isaac just puff . and presently Heather realize : heather that 's why you be here . you think ... now she rise . back away , look mortify . heather you think I could have kill somebody for money --? she hurry out of the room . Isaac just stare after she . cuT to : int . courtroom ~ several day later diana look over she shoulder , for Isaac . he 's not here . 69 . brakhage the people call Dr. John G. grusin . time CUT : dr . grusin be on the stand . authoritative yet avuncular . a defendant 's worst nightmare . brakhage question he : brakhage Dr. grusin , have you examine the defendant , Heather Evans ? grusin yes , I have . brakhage do you find Mrs. Evans to be suffer from any illness that could impair she normal function ? grusin no . I do not . brakhage what about pathological intoxication ? grusin I find no evidence of it whatsoever . ( glance at the jury ) and I doubt that anyone but a defense attorney would , either . muffled titter in the gallery . the ferocious - llook black man break into a little smile . o’brien objection , you honor . move to strike . judge sustain . the jury will disregard the witness 's last statement . brakhage Doctor , why do you doubt the existence of so-called pathological intoxication ? grusin discussion of this " disorder " be , I believe , simply a attempt to dazzle a jury with pseudoscientific jargon ... to convince they that alcohol exert magic , evil power on the brain of just a few people . 70 . o’brien objection ! the witness be state a opinion ! nothing more . judge that 's what he 's here for , counselor . he 's a expert witness . overrule . brakhage smile , turn back to grusin . brakhage why " pseudoscientific , " Doctor ? grusin because no one have ever show any physical evidence of pathological intoxication . several member of the jury frown , concerned . brakhage what would constitute " physical evidence , " Dr. grusin ? grusin a brain scan . genetic profile . Analysis of blood chemistry . thing that can be test ... time CUT : that afternoon . o’ brien be cross-examing the witness . o'brien ... be you aware that Heather be bring to Roosevelt Hospital once , and New York Hospital twice , in the past eighteen month ? grusin of course . o’brien you say '' of course " because you examine she emergency room record ? grusin certainly . in the gallery ~ tsaac slip inte the room . ' take the empty seat beside diana . he try to stay away , but could not . 71 . o’brien 's voice and what be the doctor 's diagnostic conclusion ? back to scene grusin pathological intoxication . but base on my experience in this area , I would have to disagree . o'brien you '' experience in this area " ... tell I , Doctor , how many patient have you treat with pathological intoxication ? grusin ( flinty ) Mr. o’ brien , I testify on direct as to my doubt that this " illness " exist , therefore how can I be expec - - o'brien please answer the question . how man : such patient have you treat ? grusin I have not treat any . I have evaluate some , who claim -~ o'brien ( lose patience ) alright , then how many such patient have you evaluate ? grusin two . o'brien two . as though this answer confirm all o’brien 's doubt about the so-called '' expert " witness . o’brien no further question . tsaac look down , so that he little grin can not be see . CUT to : 72. ext . courthouse - morning ( a few day later ) Isaac , on he way into the building , fall into step with a pudgy court officer who , perspire heavily , wipe he neck with he sleeve as he drag himself up the stair . isaac ( smile ) hey hector -- it 's a bitch , huh ? the Court Officer nod . as they enter the courthouse : court officer never think we have see she up there . int . courthouse ~ day a odd response , and not what Isaac mean . but rather than belabor it : isaac actually , she 's not gonna take the stand . hector blink . he and Isaac board separate elevator . over : o'brien 's voice Dr. lowenthal ... int . courtroom - day Alan be on the stand . he appear stiff , nervous . o’ brien stand before he , coax : o’brien what quantity of alcohol must be consume to produce a severe psychotic reaction in a person suffer from pathological intoxication ? alan ( timid ) in , ah , my experience ... only a very small amount of alcohol be need to produce a severe psychotic reaction . isaac anxiously watch . wish he could step in . scene continue , in he most gentle , solicitous tone : 73. o’brien and yet a person suffer from pathological intoxication may otherwise show no evidence of mental disorder ? alan base on my experience I / d say that 's «.- ah , correct . o’brien thank you , Doctor . you witness . brakhage rise . confidently amble to the witness stand . brakhage Doctor , you repeatedly make reference to you " experience " with this obscure disorder . how many patient with this " condition " have you actually treat ? alan during my fellowship training at the Columbia psychiatric Institute , I have the opportunity to conduct a study of pathological intoxication . my finding be publish in the Archives of General psychiatry . in all , there be thirty - seven patient involved . a loud buzz in the courtroom . isaac smile to himself -- brakhage blunder into they trap . back to scene but the d.a. have not back off -- instead , he step right in front of Alan and thunder : brakhage do any of that thirty - seven patient beat they spouse to death ? alan ( rattle , blurt ) dear god , no . brakhage no further question . the black man in the gallery smirk with satisfaction . 74 . back to scene o’ brien leap up . o / brien request opportunity for redirect , you honor ! judge 's voice proceed . o’ brien fairly sprint back to the witness box . o/ brien Doctor : can you tell we what some of that patient do do , in the acute psychotic phase of they illness --? Alan , still shake , shoot o’ brien a desperately blank look . o’brien ~- didn not one slash she wrist ? alan oh. yes . alan do not another break she son 's arm ? alan ( catch on ) yes ! o’brien do not -- alan and one of ‘em throw himself in front of a subway train ! lose a leg ! he turn to the jury . brightly : alan it 's all there , in my paper ! o'brien ( relieved , back off ) thank you . the Defense rest . cuT to : int . corridor ~ two hour later diana , in a corner , gnaw at she cuticle . 75 . Isaac and o’brien pace , as they await the verdict . o / brien we get the nyquil Lady off , you owe I . how ' bout fix I up with the sister ? a court officer step out of the courtroom . court officer the jury have return . cuT to : int . courtroom ~ ten minute later everyone rise . the judge stride in , sit . everyone sit . judge have you reach a verdict ? foreman we have , you honor. nclear throat ) we , the jury , find Heather Evans not responsible by reason of -- his last word be drown out by general clamor in the court as reporter jump up , people shout , etc . Isaac and Heather share a brief steal look . judge I hereby order she remand to the kirby Forensic facility ... cuT to : int . kirby forensic facility - two day later a civil unit on Ward 's Island . we be in the visit room , full of relative visit crazy wife , daughter , mother . judge 's voice ... for examination and observation until it be confirm that she no longer represent a danger to herself or other , and that she no longer suffer from active dangerous mental disorder . Heather , ill at ease in the midst of the cacaphony , anxiously watch for someone . now she see ~~ 76 . -- diana and Isaac , as they be let into the room . Heather quickly cross , embrace first she sister , than Isaac . we realize we have never see all three in the same frame before . isaac how're you make out in here ? heather I do not know ... how long do you think I will have to stay ..? as Isaac lead she ( diana follow ) to a unoccupy table : isaac technically , it 's indefinite . but you play the game and the shrink 's 11 sign you out in maybe six to eight week ... heather that 's two month . Isaac , do not you know anyone on the staff who -- diana well I mean you do kill you husband . Heather and Isaac shoot diana a quick look . then the lover regard each other again . isaac be it that terrible in here ? heather no but it 's ... there 's noise , all the time , day and night . people shouting , and the damned tv . and light on , all night too . that 's hard on my nerve . she reach out for Isaac 's cigarette , have a hungry puff . heather and all I can think about be be with you . tsaac when you be release , I have like you to come live with I . Heather do not say no . so Isaac turn to diana . gently : isaac obviously I can not remain you doctor at that point . I know a number of excellent analyst who would -- 77 . diana that 's okay . like a child , she have a hard time hide she hurt . hastily : isaac but there 's no hurry . for the next two month , anyway ... I do not see why we can not continue together ... now a strain look cross Heather 's face . Isaac and diana notice . everyone start to say something at once -- ~~ then everyone stop . int . kirby forensic ~ morning ( later ) Isaac and diana exit the elevator . as they cross the lobby , she take he arn . diana do not she look awful ? she almost look like a insane person . Isaac choose to ignore the comment . over : woman' voice everyone have hear Freud 's rhetorical question , '' woman , what do they want ? " cut to : int . nyu auditorium lecture hall ~ afternoon ( a week later ) the american Academy of psychiatry and Law Conference . a large audience of doctor and attorney listen ( or do not ) as a feminist psychologist speaker hold forth at the podium . speaker elsewhere , Freud refer to the female sex as '' the dark continent " . the audience include Isaac . bore , he drum he finger on he leg ... speaker 's voice in he Interpretation of dream , the man who give the world " penis envy " declare that woman 's libido be essentially masochistic . the evidence ? 78 . back to speaker speaker it 's bury deep in chapter VI ... a patient , dream about arrange a floral centerpiece , have the poor taste to mix violet with lilly and carnation . tsaac sit up straighter in he chair . speaker nos voice of course violet represent woman 's unconcious need to be violate -- violently , would not you know ? back to speaker hitting she stride now . speaker but I would like to paraphrase the good doctor and proclaim that sometimes a violet be just a violet ! back to isaac he quickly make he way -~ quietly excuse himself -- along he row . then up the aisle to the exit . over : speaker 's voice and what of the table on which this flower be laid -- forgive the expression ... cuT to : ext . university place - afternoon his briefcase wildly swinging , Isaac dash across the street through heavy traffic to the University library . int . library - isaac rush to the information desk . isaac -~ where 's you psychology section ? int . the psychology section a separate room , dimly light , low -ceiling , claustrophic . he find the Freud shelf . 79 . a entire shelf be devote to the Standard edition of the complete Works of sigmund Freud -~ 24 volume . Isaac reach for volume V , the interpretation of dream . close - index of dream Isaac 's finger trail down the page past hundred of dream , to the dream list as " table decorate with Flowers " . isaac anxiously thumb through the dream . intercut between isaac and phrase from Freud 's text as , whisper , Isaac read : isaac " T arrange the centre of a table with flower ... I decorate the flower with fancy paper . the paper look like velvet ... there be lilly of the valley , pink , or carnation ... and violet . " Isaac stand there , freeze ... and then he slowly shut the book , replace it on the shelf . ext . library ~ afternoon as Isaac hurry out , arm upraise for a cab . but it be the start of rush hour , and there be no cab . Isaac start to run ... down the crowded sidewalk ... nearly knock over numerous outrage pedestrian -- ext . 100 centre STREET - late afternoon most everybody be stream out of the criminal courthouse . Isaac race up the step . he fight the tide , to get into : int . arraignment court - early evening the familiar chaos -- lawyer , lowlife ... Isaac quickly move toward the rear , craning he neck for : hector the pudgy Court Officer he speak to during Heather 's trial . hector Dr. barr ... isaac ( wind ) hector ... May I see you a moment ? before hector can reply , Isaac be guide he into a corner . 80 . isaac that day at the trial ... you say " I never think we have see she up there . " hector blink as he remember . Isaac nod . isaac I think you mean , as a witness . but that be not what you mean , be it ? hector not exactly ... isaac you mean , as a defendant . do not you ? hector ( hedge ) not that it 's any of my business , but ... Ms. Evans be you girlfriend ? isaac why do you say that ? hector a guy like I , marry as iam ... notice a woman like that . even with glass and a kerchief . ( explain ) she sit in the back row a coupla time last year . isaac last year ... hector when you be testify . ( grin agreeably ) she must really love you . look like she be hang on you every word . now he know . hector I be glad for you , Doc , that she get off . the woman 's really something . isaac ( grim smile ) yes . she really be . cut to : 81. ext . nyu auditorium - early evening Isaac jump out of a cab , race into the building . int . backstage ~ isaac approach a moderator , who be nervously check he watch . isaac listen . I -- the moderator smile with relief . moderator thank god . you be next . isaac sorry . I can not do this . something 's come up and -~- in b.g. , a figure at the mike be conclude he introduction . figure ... barr , of Bellevue Hospital . moderator do not bust my chop , Isaac . you be on . angle ~ isaac at the podium a moment later . in no mood , Isaac tentatively begin : isaac the insanity defense , ah ... date back to the babylonian and assyrian ... both the Bible and the talmud contain several reference to ... he trail off . blink at he audience . then put aside he text . take a breath , isaac be not every act of violence a form of insanity ? the " crime of passion " we understand in that context , yes , but -- he seem , momentarily , to lose this thread as well . in the audience restless shifting . Alan and o’brien trade curious glance . back to isaac as he find he voice again . 82 . isaac but what about someone who coldly plan the death of another ? be not that -- in a sense -- even more pathological ? but if that be sick ... as we psychiatrist insist , then ... be not all criminal sick , and should not all prison become hospital ? and not just prison ... I can imagine a time when this whole city will , in fact , be one enormous minimum security psychiatric facility ... Isaac take another breath . then hurriedly stuff he papers back into he briefcase and stride off the dais . in the audience people trade rueful look : another promise young shrink self - destruct . cuT to : int . new DELHI restaurant - that night track with Isaac as he cross the crowded room , to join : Alan and o’brien , wash down curry with Taj Mahal beer . o’brien look who 's here : the prophet ezekiel . Isaac sit . he look pensive . alan congratulation . that be perhaps the most bizarre valedictory since Nixon 's farewell to he White House staff . Isaac pour himself a beer , take several big gulp . but he hasn not speak yet , or crack a smile . o’ brien turn to Alan . o’brien you know what the problem be -- this dude do not trust happiness . do not you witchdoctor have a name for it ? alan anhedonia . ( study Isaac ) actually , I think what we be see be a crisis of commitment . typically , in a love triangle , when the third party be vanquish , the lover develop a -~ 83 . isaac bullshit . o/ brien I know : you / be uptight about take on the formidable widow Evans ... piece of work ... but think of the perk : Park Avenue condo , bavarian car , vacation in virgin gorda ... and I figure you have end up with a ex-hippie social worker . Isaac ignore o’brien , turn to Alan . isaac have you ever have a patient with a phony pathology ? alan ( surprised ) you mean , report bogus symptom , dream , etc ? we have all have patient like that . q / brien listen intently , as : isaac and how do you proceed with patient like that ? alan you dig beneath the phony pathology to get to the real pathology . there 's always something there to stir up . he and o’brien watch , curious , as Isaac ponder . and then abruptly rise . isaac T gotta go . ext . manhattan STREET - night o’ brien catch up to Isaac , halfway down the block . o'brien something not kosher with the sister act ? be I in the ballpark here ? Isaac do not answer ~~ just keep walk . fast. o'brien notice I be not ask what . ' Cause it 's over . we win . by now , Alan have catch up too . 84 . isaac you win . I help my girlfriend get away with murder . Alan pale . alan oh shit . oh shit ! I know it ! in my gut -- oh God --! o'brien get a goddam grip on yourself . then back to Isaac , move so fast now he 's nearly jogging . o'brien I @go not want to know anything about it . just make it right somehow . isaac I will do what I have to do . o'brien no police , no publicity ... alan ( terrify , babbles ) you drag we into this -- you gotta fix it , Isaac -- o’ brien glare at Alan again . when he turn back , Isaac have sped into a full - out sprint , leave he friend behind ... cuT to : int . cab - night ( moving ) Isaac , in the back seat , restlessly bounce he knee up and down , tap he tooth . as the cab brake , he look up . isaac do not be mean , turn to green . angle ~ traffic signal instantly , the light turn green . the cab lurch ahead . cuut to : ext . kirby forensic facility - night ( later ) Isaac hop out of the cab . dash into the building . 85 . int . nursing station - isaac revved , almost manic , he impatiently listen as : night nurse I be sorry , Dr. barr , but it 's well past visit hour . the inmate be alr -- isaac I know . but listen : I have to finish a report for court tomorrow and I just realize I be miss some data . and I be gonna get kill if I do not have it first thing in the morning -- CUT to : int . chart room - night ( 5 minute later ) a orderly escort Heather into the room . she be surprised to find Isaac here , pace . heather hil what 's go on ? Isaac wait for the orderly to exit . Heather take a step forward , steal a quick kiss . then pull away , when Isaac do not kiss back . off she question look : isaac when you marry Jimmy be you already plan to kill he ? or do the plan just sort of evolve ? heather what ? isaac right , what ? what about I ? be you gonna eat a bowl of cherry jubilee and then push I in front of a bus ? heather Isaac , please -- this be crazy -- isaac crazy maybe but clever too , send I you sister -- how concerned and compassionate ... and I fall for it . tf believe every word . I think -- finally -- something real . but all along you be just suck I in -- Heather 's tone be simultaneously plead and pierce : 86 . heather do not turn on I . you be the only man I ever trust . she move toward he again . Isaac push she off . isaac you forget about one phenomenon : transference . the bond a patient develop with the doctor who listen to she , analyze she , counsels she ... it 's such a powerful force , even a phony patient will start to feel something you might call " love " . ( then ) diana tell I everything . how you come to court , watch I testify ... audition I for the part ... Heather sink onto the nearest chair . weakly : heather diana do not love you . isaac but she think she do . you let she lie on my couch week after week free~ - associate , fantasize , fabricate ... well , that give a psychiatrist some insight . and a degree of control . when Heather look up we see that she be cry . heather get out of here . I never want to see you again . Isaac light a camel . he 's riffing , on anxiety overdrive , isaac but you will -~ every six month . oh yes you will . I / x11 be on the evaluate committee that visit you ! we will consider how you be interact with other patient , look at the painting and little clay sculpture you have do in art therapy ... see , it will be quite awhile before you get out -- once you be stick in a maximum security psychiatric hospital , you civil rights sort of ... evaporate . yes and -- do you know about the anti - psychotic drug ? the side effect ? speech impairment . facial twitches ... 87 . Heather dry she eye . stands . step toward Isaac and put a hand on he cheek . even in extremis , she be ravish . heather you would not do that . Isaac stub out he camel . a bitter laugh . isaac you know I would have do anything for you ... except what I do for you . then he turn and walk out of the chart room , gesture for the orderly to take she away . int . corridor - a minute later as a distress Heather be escort back to she room : heather I need to make a call ! orderly in the morning , lady ... heather it 's a family emergency -- I need to phone my sister --! a second orderly open the door to Heather 's room -~- a dorn ~ type arrangement with seven other woman -~ and the escort ordlery roughly push she inside . ext . kirby forensic - night - same time Isaac walk out , he body twisted from tension , the pain of a near-migraine evident on he face . he kick a piece of trash on the step , and emit a string of frustrated curse . suddenly -- -- a hulk figure step from out of the shadow , block he . Isaac startles . figure Isaac barr ? the Black man from the trial . he 's nearly a head taller than Isaac and twice as wide . he 's smile , but somehow we be not reassure . his voice be gutteral , effortlessly threaten . black man how 's Heather ? isaac who be you ? a beat , then a badge glimmer in Isaac 's frighten face . black man huggins . homicide . Isaac relax , but not much . isaac what can I do for you ? huggins how 's Heather ? isaac she 's ... fine . huggins you look upset . could use a shower , too . what have she tell you ~~ she be not gonna share the two million with you ? 88 . Isaac 's mind whirl . the silence be punctuate by a lunatic woman be shrill scream , from inside the building . isaac I have a report due in the morning . I need some data , so I -- huggins do not yank my dick ! night of the murder some stud walk into the building with Heather . hinky thing , no one see this stud walk out . with all the cool he can muster : isaac sound like a interesting lead . why do not you follow up on it ? huggins doorman 's a pillhead on parole . geezer who ride upstairs with the happy couple be legally blind ... even if one of ’em make a id , in court it have be worth zip . tsaac but you think it be I , with Heather ? 89 . huggins at this juncture ? I know it be . but without a murder weapon I can not do jack . meantime you be the expert witness . the lawyer 's you best friend . the sister 's you patient and you be bang the accuse . and I do not have a fuck murder weapon . he glower at Isaac . who tentatively step around he . isaac I wish I could help you with that , detective . now if you do not mind , I be go home to take that shower . he step down , to the cab wait at the curb . huggins watch as Isaac 's cab pull off , into darkness . cut to : close ~ nightstand as the phone on it ring . it 's a cute pink phone we have expect to find in the room of a teenage girl . the clock next to the phone say it 's 7:00 a.m . on the third ring , a hand grab at the receiver , knock the clock and several vial of tranquilizers off the nightstand . diana 's voice ( groggy , hoarse ) -- what --? intercut heather , in : int . kirby forensic - morning on the pay phone in the dayroom . the hollow around she eye suggest she be up all night wait to make this call -- and do , at the first opportunity . she sound measure , steely . heather what do you tell he ? int . diana 's apartment ~ same time a one - bedroom whose cutesy decor have be eerily overwhelm by dirty dish , toss clothes and old magazine . like the bachelorette pad of a stewardess with a mood disorder . diana , phenomenally unkempt , valiantly try to sit up . 90 . diana who ? desperately try to shake off she sleep - pill hangover . heather Isaac . diana I ... I tell he the -- the dream . ( try to please ) the one we pick : with the violet -- heather you fool ! you fall in love with he ! diana wh-what do you mean ? I -~ heather you want to tell I how he find out ? this bring diana to full consciousness . diana he find out ? heather yes , and he say you tell hin . diana I do not tell he shit ! heather if you be lie to I -- diana do not accuse I ! you ‘’re the one who fuck he ! furious -~ she 's get nowhere -~- Heather hang up . cut to : int . isaac 's office ~ that afternoon diana have have a few hour to pull herself together , put she " sweet girl " persona back in place . as she lie down : diana when someone 's be traumatize ... even if everything come out okay in the end ... that person can sometimes still show sign of -- trauma . can not they ? diana ol . isaac I be not sure I know what you mean ... diana well like my sister . even though be find not responsible , she be still under stress ... and I wonder ... isaac do something happen between you two ? be silent . Isaac light a cigarette . carefully : tsaac the kind of stress you be talk about can manifest itself in bizarre way ... in paranoia , that might result in certain kind of mental distortion ... diana you mean , like , lie ? now Isaac be silent . he puff , and wait . Isaac diana diana Isaac diana diana be it possible that Heather be jealous of we -~ you and I ? because she 's lock up , and we be , y’know -~ free ? sigh , stub out he cigarette . isaac diana , I think it 's time we have a talk . instantly sit up , as though jolted . isaac you know how I feel about Heather . but you be my patient and that come first . be nearly breathless with apprehension . diana what ? tell I -- be deeply sorry , but : isaac Heather 's try to cut a deal with the d.a . she ’1ll tell a grand jury that you be a accessory to Jimmy 's murder . let out a shocked gasp . she can not speak . isaac what 's so unfair be , she make you do it . pressure you ... do not she ? diana start to hyperventilate . isaac and now she 's try to sell you down the river . finally , diana articulate four strangle word : diana -- but she 's my sister -- isaac exactly . cuT to : ext . kirby forensic - day 92 . Isaac and Heather stroll the grounds , bound by barb wire , under leaden sky that promise rain . Heather nod at a older woman , stand in the middle of a small grassy area , make weird sign with she hand . heather that 's " lala " . all night she stand at the window mumble . you can not sleep . when you ask what she 's do she say she 's praying for the Jews ... isaac what do you want to tell I --? heather I want to talk to you . try to make you see why I ... do what I do . it be not for the money , more like ~- tsaac for two million ? of course not -- heather ~~ a kind of suicide -- tsaac ~~ call murder -- heather I lash out at my husband , my marriage , myself as victim ... ( more ) 93 . heather ( cont / d ) I be crazy ... but not in a way you could understand in any clinical -- isaac oh , I understand . all my training , my experience ... it 's about understanding why people do what they do to each other . and how they justify it . he light a camel , drag deeply on it . heather look , I do not blame you . I use you and I lie to you . but I also fall in love with you . that night in you bed , you brand I with you tenderness . I belong to you -- isaac no . the seduction be over . Heather grab he cigarette and steal a puff . heather you will not listen -- isaac yes , I will . tomorrow , in fact ... I be bring two Assistant d.a. 's < -- they have like to hear you whole story , Heather . heather I have be find not responsible . ever hear of double jeopardy ? I can not be try twice for the same crime . isaac if you be so sure of that , why be you hand shaking ? Heather look down : the cigarette be indeed twitching between she finger . she drop it , smother it with she shoe . heather call off the d.a. 's , Isaac . do not you remember the little lead pipe you hold , that night in you live room ? Isaac 's eye narrow , as he remember . heather that be the handle of a dumbbell . 94 . the grounds around Isaac seem to blur a bit , and almost start to spin . heather I hope it would not come to this . you do not know how sorry I be , that it have . Isaac abruptly lean forward . give she a quick , hard kiss . isaac we will see you tomorrow , at noon . cuT to : int . diana 's bedroom ~ afternoon ( later ) diana lie , limp , on the bed . the tv be chatter but she 's study the ceiling , sink in daydream . the phone 's shriek jolt she from she reverie , she grab it . diana -- what ? intercut heather , in : int . kirby forensic dayroom ~ morning on the pay phone again . resigned , almost tragic , but firm . heather tomorrow . bring the dumbbell . diana sit bolt upright . diana what ? why ? heather because I say to . at noon . take care when you handle it . and be on time . Heather click off . diana be motionless for a moment . then she hang up . take a breath . stands , and cross to she closet . very little be hang : mostly , thing have be throw here -- a pile of dress , pants , sheet , shirt , and shoe . diana find , near the top of the pile , a pair of thin white glove . she pull they on . diana okay . the dumbbell . 95 . then reach under the whole pile , feel around ... extract one ... two ... three baggy . a beat . and then , from baggie one she remove the five-inch chrome - plate handle with Isaac 's fingerprint . from baggie two , a thick chrome - plate lead disk . diana screw it onto one of the handle 's thread end . her hand be shaking a bit , so this take some do . then she open baggie Three . Inside be another such disk . this disk be heavily fleck with what appear to be -- but be not -- rust . and there be a few black hair still stick to the " rusty " part . diana retch . then manage to calm herself ... then decide she 's go to vomit -- run out of frame , toward the bathroom , but it 's okay , she 's 1ll be okay ... she return , into frame . carefully sink to she knee , and take the disk ... start to screw it onto the handle . but she hand be wildly shaking , she can not match the thread ... she curse ... and lose she grip on the disk which hit the floor and roll a few foot . shit ! she crawl after it . touches it and then -- almost as though it be alive -- the horrible bloody disk roll , another foot ! frustrate and unnerve , diana bring she glove hand to she face and scream . cut to : int . conference room - next day at kirby . it be conspicuously quiet here . Isaac sit beside two 50ish man in blue suit -- the Assistant d.a. 'os . guard by a burly female orderly , Heather sit opposite . heather I gather you have hear he version . a perfunctory nod in Isaac 's direction . heather now be you ready for the truth ? the d.a. 's look a tad surprised at she intensity . d.a. 1 of course , Ms. evans. 96 . heather I have invite my sister . she will corroborate what I have to say . d.a. 1 nod : that 's fine . to the orderly : da . 1 you will allow Ms. Evans 's sister in , the moment she arrive . he turn back to Heather . in a solicitous tone : d.a. 1 in the meantime , why do not we begin . heather I should have a lawyer present , but my lawyer be he best friend . again , a nod at Isaac . try to conceal she irritation : heather I try to replace he but the judge will not let I ~- because I be recently find to be temporarily insane -- so I have to defend myself on my own . d.a. 2 ( gently ) do not worry , Ms. Evans . we ’1ll listen carefully and impartially to anything you want to tell we . Heather 's look say : I wish I could believe that . heather my sister be one of he patient . he and I meet a few time , to discuss family matter . and in the course of that , we ... we begin a affair . Isaac shake out a cigarette . light it . nervously puff . heather when Isaac first suggest kill my husband , I think he be joke . but he know I suffer from pathological intoxication and he become obsessed , insist we have the making of ... she pause . it 's tough to articulate such a alien concept . heather -.. the " perfect murder " . 97 . the d.a. 's make copious note . Isaac sit , smoking . heather one night Isaac follow I home . he be excited , agitate . I begge he to leave but he come upstairs and ... he do it . he hit Jimmy . Isaac hit Jimmy , with a dumbbell . the conference room door open . diana be lead in by a second orderly , who remain in the room . diana carry a briefcase . Isaac anxiously eye it . heather I be horrify ... I think Isaac be too . he just sort of run out of the apartment , and then he call , tf do not know , five minute later from a bar , I think . Said I have better tell the police I have do it ... after sip nyquil . the d.a. 's gravely stare at Isaac ~~ who gaze at the floor , drop he cigarette , grind it out . heather I =~ do as I be tell . she momentarily crack . start to softly cry . heather but I be think clearly enough to hide the dumbbell Isaac use . I know that be wrong -- conceal evidence ++ but I have be so scared ... it 's too much for she -- she " break down " . the d.a. 's uncomfortably shift . Isaac puff . diana dig into she purse and find a tissue for she sister . Heather pull herself together . between sniffles : heather I ask diana to bring this briefcase today . she do not know what 's inside . a warm sisterly smile . heather sweetie ... let they have it . diana dutifully hand the briefcase to the d.a. 's . Isaac watch , tensing as d.a. 2 snap it open . pull out -- 98 . ~~ a sheaf of sketchbook paper . Heather look confuse . she grab for the briefcase . but there be nothing else inside . the paper cover with dement scrawl in poster paint . as the d.a. 's leaf through they we note the phrase " Dr. barr must die " , and the name " Isaac " scribble above the word " Satan " , the two connect with arrow . this be bantar man 's gift to Isaac . scene Heather angrily grab at the papers . then turn on diana . heather -- where 's the dumbbell ? her tone be harsh -~ like the voice she have use in lutece . diana cringe . heather where do you get this ? from he ? shoot Isaac a lethal look . then , to the d.a. 's : heather he 's control she . he force she to substitute this painting . she whirl , again , on Isaac . heather they be from the planet bantar , be not they ? — the d.a. 's trade look . heather how do you get she to bring they , Isaac ? you be fuck she , be not you ? Isaac turn away . diana , mortify , be stare out a window . heather answer , you bastard ! she fly out of she chair , at Isaac . the ordlery grab and restrain she . urgently petition the deadpan d.a. 's : 99 . heather they be in this together . do you see ? they be try to frame I ! d.a. 2 of course , Ms. Evans . d.a. 1 snap open he own briefcase . Inside be medication and syringe . Heather 's eye widen as a orderly yank up she sleeve . heather ~~ what ? and now she realize : heather you be doctor . as " d.a. 1 " -- actually Doctor 1 -~ sink in the syringe : doctor 2 you know we be doctor ... you be just a little confuse right now . explain , in infuriatingly gentle tone : doctor 1 I be with the Forensic Review Committee . doctor 2 I consult with you late husband 's insurance company . Heather start flail . heather you trick I . all of you -- doctor 2 you be very upset , Ms. Evans . confirm this , as she shout to no one in particular : heather liar ! she struggle to break free . sotto , to he colleague : isaac if I may ... I know Heather , and I just might be able to reach she . 100 . boctor 1 please , Doctor . Isaac approach Heather . she stop struggle to hear what he have to say . softly , into she ear : tsaac you be right about double jeopardy . this be the only way . Heather freak . heather sonovobitch bastard -~ the orderly cart she away . we hear the muffle sound of scream ; they fade as she 's drag farther down the hall . diana be stand , mute and expressionless , in a far corner . stun , the two doctor approach Isaac . quietly : doctor 1 Jesus . doctor 2 when you come in the other day with you diagnosis , we be -- well , we be skeptical . doctor 2 there be no indication of psychosis , no prior history . but ... doctor 1 she 's worse than you describe she . talk about paranoid ... who do she think we be ? District attorney ? Isaac shake he head -- he 's mystify . isaac maybe the anxiety of kill she husband -- plus the repeat insult of alcohol ~~ have produce a stress ~ related organic psychosis . ( shrug ) I would not be surprised if there be further deterioration . doctor 1 we will want she review in six month . you be familiar with the case , Dr. barr . you should be on the evaluation team . 101 . isaac I will try to find the time . but you know , this case can drag on ... patient remain commit for year . the doctor nod -~ they know . they know . cut to : int . taxi ( moving ) ~ afternoon Isaac and diana . the aftermath : she 's sobbing , remorseful . Isaac pat she knee , attempt to soothe she . isaac it 's okay ... now the cabbie do a typically wild maneuver -- veer across four lane -- and diana 's head be whipped around . Isaac unload all he tension on the cabbie : isaac could you drive sanely please ? we / have like to get there alive . the cabbie grudgingly slow and Isaac turn back to diana . isaac you do the right thing . the only thing ... diana -.. do I ? she wear a doubtful look . begging for more encouragement . isaac now that you be free of she you can finally begin to be ... who you be . the faint trace of a hopeful smile cross diana 's lip . isaac you 'il see . the caterpillar be go to become a butterfly , diana . then he add , as casually as he can : isaac meantime , after all that 's happen , we should keep we distance for awhile . diana 's smile flicker , uncertain . 102 . isaac so no one draw a conclusion that might be dangerous to we both . diana nod : she see he point . isaac so all I need from you be the dumbbell back . then well stay clear of each other -~- only for as long as necessary , of course . a long beat . then diana pull a kleenex from she pocketbook , and dry she eye . smile again , rather coyly . diana of course . CUT to : int . stairwell - isaac follow diana up a narrow flight of stair , into : int . diana 's apartment ~ dusk weve be here before and see how messy it be . now it 's get even worse : pile , everywhere , of clothing , bedding , magazine , unreturn videotape , dish and glass ... diana seem gaily oblivious to the disorder as she beckon : diana come in . make yourself comfortable , Isaac cautiously close the door behind he . diana can I fix you some tea ? camomile ? mint ? tsaac I should not stay , diana . I just -- diana right . of course . the dumbbell . she make a cute girlish gesture : be right with you . still stand by the door -~- ready to make a fast getaway ~- Isaac watch as she move to she bedroom closet , open it . massive clutter . diana kneel , feel under all the dress and underwear she forget to hang back up , this past month . 103 . then she start sifting through all that stuff , feel for the dumbbell . then she stand . scowl . diana hmm . Isaac step forward . isaac -~ what ? diana snap she finger . diana I know . I hide it somewhere better . after that detective ... isaac huggins ? diana ( nod ) after he start call . and then he come by . poke around . isaac Jesus Christ -~ diana he want it real bad . so I hide it ... a beat , as she concentrate . then it come back to she : diana ... under the mattress . diana cross to she bed , lean down , feel under it , frown . Isaac cross . join she . feel , too . nothing . diana shit . she straighten up . squint at the bed . and remember : diana I could not sleep with it there . she take in a breath . survey she apartment . exhales . diana the dumbbell , the dumbbell ... 104 . she start move around , throw stuff off she nightstand , fling thing in the air ... diana where do I put that dumbbell --? move faster , like a dervish through the chaos , upend everything , send dirty sheet fly , as she murmur : diana it 's here somewhere I know it 's here -~ angle isaac as it start to sink in that maybe she 's toy with he ... and then he brighten as he hear : diana ( 0s ) a-ha ! angle diana as she triumphantly wave it . diana I have not see this in week ! but it 's not the dumbbell she 's find -- it 's Jimmy 's gun ! back to scene Isaac startles as she recklessly wave the .38 . isaac careful with that -- diana oh the safety 's always on -~ blam ! as the thing discharge , a bullet zipping past Isaac 's ear and exploding a lamp . isaac Jesus Christ ! diana pause to look at the gun , then at Isaac , to marvel : diana I fire it ! finally --! the neighbor below angrily bang on the ceiling . 105 . diana shuttup ! ( resume the search ) where the hell could it have go ? I mean dumbbell just do not up and walk out of a girl 's apartment , right -~? she brushes aside empty cereal box , discard shoe ... Isaac now wear a small , ironic smile . diana , foot firmly plant in the middle of the maelstrom , throw up she arm , extravagantly befuddle . diana I just do not know what to say . tsaac ... right. diana I be so embarrassed ... I mean I know it 's 1ll turn up one day ... then , a idea : diana y'know , maybe ... in the course of my therapy ... maybe you 'o help I break through my defense and remember where I put the damn thing . Isaac just nod . he 's almost amused . diana so . I guess this butterfly will be see you Tuesday . at the regular time ..? isaac see you then , diana . he start to turn , to open the door , but : diana and by the way , daddy fuck Heather , not I , this stop Isaac cold . diana he always prefer she -- he would not even let I sit in he lap . ( beat ) if that help any . 106 . tsaac it 's all grist for the mill . he turn , now , open the door . walk cut , acutely aware that there 's a unstable young woman behind he with a load gun . diana watch she psychiatrist go , wear a satisfied smile . which disappear as a think cross she mind . she quickly move to the stove . open the oven , to check that the pilot light be still on . it be . fade out . then , slowly fade up on : int . isaac 's mother' bedroom ~ early evening some time have pass -- the quality of the light , through the blind , have change . Isaac sit on the couch opposite he mother 's bed . they both look thin , pallid . they be both stare into space . now Isaac jot some note , on the legal pad in he lap . isaac ( murmur , as he write ) " trouble sleep " ... " appetite loss " ».. " lack of concentration " ... he look up at he mother . isaac yeah , I know what they be symptomatic of ... but I be not -- how could I be + + + ¢’mon , six month later ..? with a woman who ... she lie , she -~ he 's interrupt by the ringing phone . then Isaac 's clipped prerecord message , follow by : o’brien 's voice hey. Howard Hughes . what be you , not show up again ? in b.g. , we hear the din of a crowd . o’ brien be call from a public phone in a stadium , it sound like . next , we hear : alan 's voice can not you be a tad less borderline ? gooden 's start against the dodger . 107 . o’brien 's voice we be wait , schmuck . with that , he click off . at first , Isaac do not move . then , abruptly , with a sudden sense of purpose , he rise . isaac I 'il call gretschen . I should go . ( beat ) to the baseball game , where else ? cuT to : int . dayroom - evening ( later ) Exercise class . a dozen woman stretch , bend , etc . most be stiff , out of shape . some make bizarre gesture in the air . all look shabby and desperate , in this dingy , awful dayroom . Heather slouches , in the corner . tire and pale , but still possess of grace and beauty . her strategy for cope be , apparently , to pretend that she 's not here . she 's on a beach in the south of France -~ we can almost read it in she eye . angle door a man 's face , jaw set tight , in the mesh pane . stare into the room -- at Heather . Isaac barr. cuT to : int . conference room - evening ( later ) a windowless little room -- a cell , really ~- where Isaac have come to visit Heather in he role as " evaluator " . isaac be you have trouble sleep ? there be a rudimentary desk between they , a lamp on the desk . her head be down -- she hair hang , a little greasy , in front of she face . conceal , like a curtain . no answer from across the desk . in a clinical voice : isaac at night . do you find you have trouble sleep ? 108 . finally , a response . mute , but distinct : heather I love you . isaac {beat ~~ then , neutral ) please answer my question . Heather look up . her lovely face be streak with tear . heather I love you . Isaac stare at she for a beat . then : isaac have you experience loss of appetite ? heather I love you . tsaac difficulty concentrate ? heather I love you . isaac ( stand ) stop it . answer truthfully -- heather I love you . isaac ( erupt ) if you have tell I the truth , I could / have help you ... you could not just leave Jimmy any more than you could have walk away from you father ~-- I understand that now , I could have help you , but -- heather I love you . isaac enough ! tell I the truth for once . heather I love you . isaac dammit ! the truth -- 109 . heather I love you . Isaac bullshit ! the truth ! heather I love you . isaac it 's true . the realization hit Isaac like a punch to the gut -~ almost knock he back , against the wall . two beat . his voice , now , be as mute and fragile as hers . isaac Christ ... what do we do ..? as she silently look at he , and he at she , camera slowly start to rise ... higher and higher ... revealing wall that be twenty , thirty , forty ... fifty foot tall , and more ... until we be look down on this two , as from a great height , a pair of mouse trap in a mineshaft -- the camera be still rising as we slowly fade to black .