'' out of time '' by Dave collard ( 2003 ) February 13 , 2001 fade in : ext . downtown quiceo - night Detroit 's skyscraper shoot up on the horizon . quicho 's ten mile from Detroit , but it might as well be a hundred . quicho 's get it all : freezing weather , a close down steel mill , and a diner that advertise a burnt cup of maxwell House as " the World 's greatest coffee . " if Dr. kevorkian take town as patient , quicho would be at the top of h list . a police truck stop in front of the bank . Chief marty walsh hop out of the truck and walk over to the bank . check to make sure that the door be lock . marty 's in he mid 30' . he would be a good- look guy if he follow through on he perennial New Year resolution to switch to light beer and eat less red meat . he walk across the street to the Post Office . check the door . lock up tight . marty climb back into he truck . Si ext . quicho country store - night marty walk up to the front door . the store 's close . he pull out a large key-re , shuffles through the key . find the one he want . open up the store . walk in . int . quicho country store - continuous marty walk through the dark store . he grab a six - pack of Bud out of a cooler . walk over to the cash register . do a double - take at the porn magazine . pick up a " playboy . " flip through the page for a quick beat . marty ( off centerfold ) nineteen eighty - one ? Jesus , I be get old . marty toss it back on the rack . then he throw a $ 5 bill and a note that read , " 6er of Bud -- marty " on the cash register . int . quicho police station - night the station be small . it 's make up of a large bullpen area , quicho 's single jail cell , and marty 's office , which look out on the bullpen . marty lay on the cot in the cell , watch " sportscenter " on tv as he sip a Bud . phene ring . marty pull himself up , reach between bar and answer it . marty ( into phone ) Chief walsh . woman' voice ( 0.s. ; on phone ) Chief , it 's Ann Harrison . somebody break into my house . marty I will be right over . ext . house - night marty walk up the walkway to a small house . before he get there , the door open . ann harrison stand in the doorway , wear just a oversize t-shirt . Ann be beautiful -- especially by quicho 's standard . she 's marty 's age , but even if he keep up he New year 's resolution she would probably be out of he league . if Ann 's face could not launch a thousand ship , it could get at least a couple hundred out of the harbor . marty take a long , less than professional , look at Ann as he walk into the house . int . ann be house - continuous a modest house . a lot of thing be still box up . can not tell whether Ann be move in or move out . marty do you get a look at he , Ann ? ann yeah . he 's about you height , you weight . come to think of it , he kinda look like you . marty so he be good look . ann no. : marty stare at she for a beat . she stare right back . a smile escape from she full lip . ann sorry . just not my type . marty ( under he breath ) well , bony dyed blond be not my type . what ? marty {out loud ) so -- this ugly man -- do you know how he get in the house ? ann the bedroom window . marty follow she into the bedroom . bedroom marty check the window . they be all lock now . marty why do not you tell I what happen ? . ann okay ... Ann jump in bed , pretend to be asleep . ann I be asleep . but then I wake up , ' cause I feel the cold . I see the window be open . then I see he . he be stand right where you be . marty right here ? ( she nod ) then what would he do ? ann he come toward I ... marty come closer to she . marty like this ? ann uh-huh . then he grab I . marty grab she arm . pin she to the bed . marty like this ? ann but he be much stronger than you . ( beat ) then he force himself on top of I . marty like this ? ann ( nod ) uh-huh . and he breath reek . kinda like yours . marty then what happen ? — ann he kiss I . marty kiss she . ann then he stripped I naked . marty start to pull Ann 's shirt over she head as he continue to kiss she . Ann start to moan . ann I be sorry , I be confuse . he rip my shirt off . marty rip she shirt down the middle , expose she breast . he lick at she breast , teasing they with he tongue . Ann moan in pleasure . marty you do not put up much of a fight . ann oh , really ? Ann flip marty over so that she 's on top of he . she fumble with he belt , kick he pants off of he . she rip open he shirt -- the button fly off . in second , they be both naked . Ann straddle marty .... grind she hip into he ... she arch she back , push she breast into he face ... he pull she closer to he ... pushes deeper inside of she ... the bed start to shake . the spring squeak . sweat begin to pour off of they as they claw at each other . ut they groan leuder , both racing toward climax . as they move together in perfect rhythm we ... dissolve to : int . bedroom - later marty and Ann lay in bed , both spend and wear expression of contentment . marty do I tell you how glad I be that you move back here ? ann well , that make one of we . marty come on , quicho 's not that bad . she give he a look as if to say , " who you kid ? " marty ( laugh ) alright , it 's awful . but it 's a lot better with you here . marty 's cell phone ring . he start to get out of bed , but be jerk back -- he right hand be handcuff to the headboard . marty can you get that , babe ? Ann hop out of the bed and look around marty 's discard clothes until she find the cell phone . she toss it to marty . marty ( into phone ) Chief walsh . marty listen for a long beat . marty ( into phone } I be on my way . marty hang up the phone . marty ( to Ann ) jay guiney just tore up the crowbar again . I gotta put he in the tank . ann I do not think you be go anywhere . oy she smile and hold up the key to the handcuffs . ext . downtown quicho - day marty , in he button - less police shirt , walk down the street , wave and talk to people . e stop ata newspaper machine . put he quarter and grab a paper . int . marty' truck - day marty be park along a country highway , a radar gun stick out he window . marty be read the newspaper that he buy . the lead story read : " sarcetti found guilty . " a picture of marty testify in court be tuck under the headline . a Ford escort whip past marty . the gun read 70 mph . marty start up the truck , hit the siren . pull out after the escort . the escort pull over . marty stop he truck . jump out . ext . country highway - continuous marty walk up to the escort . the driver flash a cocky smile at marty . it 's clear that there be no love lose between this two . driver Problem , Chief ? marty you be speed . the driver be CHRIS harrison , quicho 's 1985 homecome King . Chris be build like a brick shit-house , still wait for that day when they let 35 year old have - beens suit up for they high school football team . CHRIS ( driver ) c'mon . you be not gonna write I a ticket for that . marty Chris , see , since you leave town , thing have change a little . we actually make a new law -- now speed limit apply to former high school quarterback as well as everybody else . the unseen passenger laugh . and we recognize that laugh ... it 's Ann . but instead of marty flipping out at see he lover in another man' car , marty barely even look at Ann . c'mon , we be late for Ann 's doctor 's appointment . marty ( real concern ) everything all right ? ann ( lean forward ) I be fine , marty . Chris pat Ann 's knee . Ann move she leg so that Chris 's hand fall off . marty rip up the ticket . marty I be gonna let you off with a warning . consider it you welcome home present , Chris . CHRIS ( under he breath ) fuck you . marty — what ? CHRIS I say , " thanks . " marty you should put you seatbelt on , ann. ( beat ) Chris , you can keep yours off . ann ( smile ) thanks . marty tip he hat and walk back toward he car . as marty walk back to he truck , he lower he mask . it kill he that Ann be marry to Chris . in the b.g. Chris peel back onto the highway . by the time he 's out of sight , he 's go faster than when marty pull he over . ext . quicho' police station - day marty pull up . a beat - up Mazda rx - 7 be park in marty 's clearly mark parking spot . marty turn into another space , but make sure that he leave a nice dent on the Mazda 's back bumper . eo int . quicho' police department - continuous marty walk in , carry the radar gun . tony dalten , marty 's second in command ( and quicho 's only other . full time cop ) , sit at he desk . tony 's at the age where he 's more concerned about fight acne than fight crime . marty hey , T. chae here ? tony ( nod ) bathroom . Dr. chae yi walk out of the bathroom , a newspaper tuck under he arm . he 's the county coroner and marty 's best friend . - chae be a asian man who could be anywhere from 30 to 60 . his steady diet of nicotine and alcohol have virtually guarantee that he will be on the receive end of a autopsy in the next couple of year . he walk over to marty , wipe he wet hand on marty 's shirt . chae you need paper towel . marty ( gesture to parking lot ) maybe I will buy ‘em with the money I get from you parking ticket . marty walk into he office , chae on he heel . chae hold up the newspaper with marty 's picture on it . chae I think the camera only add ten pound . marty I be wonder how long it be go to take you to bring that up . chae maybe now be a good time to revisit my offer to invest the money --~- marty " investing ? " I always think it be call " misappropriation of fund . " with chae Seven hundred grand in a stock fund , figure ten percent return over a year . Dean could set it up . marty you mean Dean could launder it . chae you say " to-mato " , I say " tom -ato . " marty ( deadpan ) let 's call the whole thing off . chae this could be we seed money . tony ( laugh ) you two still go to costa rica to open that fishing business ? marty ( tap he watch ) T , it 's almost two -thirty . tony nod glumly as he grab a crossing guard sash anda handheld stop sign off the wall . he check he gun to make sure it 's load . marty make sure you shoot to kill out there . tony leave . chae I speak to my buddy who run the charter business there -- marty " buddy ? " you meet he in a chat room . marty go to a wall - size safe . marty dial the combo , then unlock it with a key . he open the safe , walk in . chae follow behind he . the safe be the evidence locker . evidence locker the evidence locker be sparsely fill with a collection of gun , knife , and other odd piece of evidence . but chae be not interested in any of that . he be look at a large evidence bag of $ 100 bill . the bag be mark , " sarcetti case - no. 23432 . " chae you know it 's very tough to extradite from costa rica . marty ignore he , put the radar gun on a shelf . chae what the hell they gonna do with the money anyway ? print up some " just say no " bumper sticker . marty f£ they do , I will make sure you get a whole bunch . marty push chae out of the evidence safe . lock it . chae ( defeat ) ten year we have be talk about this . about get out of here . chae 's cell phone ring . he answer it , listen for a beat , then hang up . chae , shit . what kind of prick die this late on a Friday afternoon before a three day weekend ? marty the nerve of some people . chae walk out of the station . marty sit down at he desk . chae walk back in . chae hey . marty look up to see chae give he the finger . chae thanks for the dent , asshole . int . marty' apartment - day marty sit on a tired couch , talk on the phone and look at he Palm VII . marty ( into phone ) hey , T. it 's I . how 's everything at the office ? tony ( o.s. ; on phone ) uh , good , good . marty ( into phone ) great , great . then I just have one question for you ? why the hell be you at the god damn diner ! marty !'s palm : the gps ( Global position system ) module be activate . he 's look at a map of quicho . tony be represent by a blink blip on the screen . tony ( 0.s. ; on phone ) shit ! knock-knock . marty look up . Ann walk in . marty ( into phone ) get you ass back there , T. marty hang up , then walk over to Ann . she look troubled . marty you okay ? ann can you take a ride with I ? int . ann be car - night marty and Ann drive into Detroit . the skyscraper tower around they . they drive in silence . marty start to say something , but stop himself . they pull into a hospital parking lot . marty ( nervous ) Annie . what 's go on ? ext . parking lot / detroit mercy hospital - night marty and Ann walk toward the hospital . ann can you walk a little behind I ? this be Chris 's hospital . marty he 's work now ? ann no , I be just worried about he friend . Ann walk into the hospital . marty wait a beat and then follow . int . detroit mercy - day Ann talk to a nurse . marty hang back . he noticé a sign above the nurse ' station : oncology Department . marty ( under he breath ) shit . Ann come back out . marty follow Ann downstairs . int . hospital - basement hallway - day it 's almost empty . Ann and marty walk into ... dr . frieland's office a small , cramped office . Furniture and file be scattered everywhere . ivy League diploma dominate the wall . dr . frieland look up when they enter the room . frieland be in he mid 30 . and he seem very nervous . he play with a bronze letter opener , turn it in he finger . dr . frieland Ann . ann hi , Bob . they hug . ann ( be : office ) who would you piss off ? dr . frieland ( force a laugh ) they have get I down here in the dungeon while they fix up my office . ann {re : marty ) this be my brother marty . marty and Dr. frieland shake hand . dr . frieland Bob frieland . ( gesture to seat ) please . Ann and marty sit down . frieland pull a file off he desk , study it . start to say something and then stop . go back to the file . dr . frieland Ann . I be afraid , well , ah ... there 's be a bit of a setback ... marty look at Ann . but she do not meet he eye . she steel herself . whatever frieland be about to say , she 's be expect it . ann so this visit be not just to pad you bill ? dr . frieland ( weak smile ) I be , uh , afraid not . ( beat / refer to chart ) the cancer 's not in remission . in fact , it 's come back very aggressively . it 's attack you liver and lung ... marty look worse than Ann . he 's devastate . watch as he world come crash down . ann how long ? dr . frieland << well , that 's difficult -- ann come on , Bob . what would we agree to when I first come to you ? dr . frieland ( smile ) no bullshit . ann so ... a long , torture beat of silence . Dr. frieland spin the letter opener in he finger . dr . frieland ( pain he ) six month ... Ann shake she head , refuse to believe it . ann but I feel fine -- dr . frieland and you will ... for a little while longer . Ann reach out , grab marty 's hand . ann ( try to smile } next time , give I the bullshit , Doc . frieland go over to she , put a hand on she arm . dr . frieland Ann , there 's a counselor here at the hospital I would like you to see . she 's , uh , she 's ... very good . but Ann 's no longer listen . she stare out the window . marty try to console she , but she do not respond . after a beat , Ann stand up , extend she hand to Dr. frieland . ann thanks for stay so late to see I , Bob . dr . frieland Ann ... this be not -- ann I appreciate everything you have do for I . I really do . oturn to marty ) can we go now ? dr . frieland Ann , please -- ann ( to marty ) I would like to go . marty wait a second . Ann turn and leave . marty turn to frieland . marty there 's gotta be something -- frieland shake he head slowly -- this be the toughest part of he job . marty what about different doctor ? dr . frieland she 's be to New York , to the mayo Clinic - - we marty what about experimental treatment ? you know , that stuff you see on " 60 Minutes ? " ... a long beat . dr . frieland ( shake he head ) I be so sorry . marty stand there , absorb it . he drop he chin to he chest , take a deep breath . Dr. frieland put he arm on marty 's shoulder . marty thanks , Doctor . marty stumble out of the door . ext . parking lot / detroit mercy hospital - day Ann lean against she car . her tough facade have crumble . she 's bawling . marty run up to she . he 's cry , too . he bury she head in he chest as she cry even louder . ann ( after a beat ) I lock the key in the car . after a beat , they both start laugh they tear . int . ann be car - night marty drive in silence . Ann stare out the window . marty keep steal glance at she . his heart be break . she catch he look at she . she take he hand . marty why do not you tell I , Annie ? ann because when I be with you , I forget about it . for a couple of hour , I do not think about die . I just , I ... you make I feel good . she squeeze he hand . they pass a sign that read , " enter quicho . " marty this why you come back ? ann no . we come back because we lose we house . ov marty Chris 's gambling ? ann ( nod ) and since I could not sell my mom 's house , I figure we might as well live in it . so , I be bear in this shitty town and now I be gonna die in this shitty town . marty do not say that . ann what ? this place be shitty . marty you know what I mean . ann it do not matter if I say it or not . ( resign ) I be die . marty we will go to other doctor -- ann ( laugh ) I have be to ten doctor in three state , marty . and the only thing that change be the magazine in the wait room . she stare out the window . he reach over and grab she hand . int . marty' bedroom - night they lie in bed , both lose in they own thought . after a beat , marty lean over and kiss Ann 's forehead . pull she closer to he . she kiss he chest . marty let 's leave . ann what ? marty you say you do not want to die here . well , let 's leave . ann and go where ? marty wherever you want . the Caribbean , Europe ... Ann kiss he softly . she 's touch by the gesture , but know that it 's not realistic . ann should we take you million or mine ? marty we will figure out the money . ann well , it will not take we long to figure it out since you ex - wife get most of you money and Chris bet all ours on lose football team . Ann pull he face to hers . kiss he . ann ( beat ) marty , I can not leave with you . I mean , this , this be great , but it 's not real . marty not real ? Ann , I have be in love with you since we be in first grade . ann ( smile ) Mrs. Green 's class , right ? Ann pull herself up in bed , clutching the sheet to she . she grab she panty and pull they on . stands up and start to get dress . marty where you go ? ann I do not think we should do this anymore . marty what ?! ann it be not right for I to drag you into this . marty swing out of bed , grab she arm . of marty " drag I into this ? " be you kid ? this past month have be the best month of my life . Hell , this month have be better than most of my year . ann marty , I be die ... marty I do not care if you have six month or six minute leave . I just wanna be there for all of they . she gently take he hand off she arm . kiss he . look into he eye . ann you know when you take off a band - aid . marty ( confuse ) what ? ann it 's always better to pull it off quickly . [ it might be painful , but it 's better than peel it off slowly . marty ( start laugh ) that be the worst example I have ever hear . Ann start laugh , too . but she catch herself . ann I be sorry , marty . I be so sorry . she kiss he again . turn to leave . marty I be tough . I can take the pain of peel it back slowly . ann I be the one wear the band -aid . she turn , head for the door . fights every urge to turn back to he . by the time she reach the door , the tear have already start fall . marty watch as she disappear out the door . continue to stare even after he hear she car start . int . marty' truck - night marty walk out of he apartment . jump into he truck . a Post - it note be stick to the steering wheel -- " I be sorry . Love , a " . he stare at the note for a beat , then toss it to the cluttere floor . int . flower shop - day marty fill out a card , attaches it to a bouquet of flower . int . marty' truck - day marty drive a elderly lady home with she grocery . she blab on , but marty 's not listen . all he can think about be Ann . int . dentist office - day Ann , dress in a hygienist 's uniform , talk with dr . snyder , the dentist who own the practice . dr . snyder well , obviously you health be the most important consideration . a deliveryman bring in a large bouquet of flower . give it to Ann . Ann carry it over to she cubicle . nikki , a gum - pop hygienist , come over to check out the haul . nikki oooh ... nice . lemme see . Ann turn away , open the card . card : a band - aid be tape to the card . " pull slowly '' be write on it . : as hard as she fight it , a smile creep out of Ann 's mouth . int . marty' apartment - night marty flip through he high school yearbook . they might as well have subtitle it , '' a photo history of Ann & Chris 's senior year . " they be in nearly every photo . football captain ... head cheerleader ... homecome King and Queen . marty flip to Ann 's senior photo . ann' senior photo : she 's radiant . under , " plan for the future " , she 's write , " leave quicho the day after graduation . " marty 's cell phone ring . he jump up , grab it . marty ( into phone ) yeah . he listen for a beat , then tear out of the apartment . int . ann be house - night marty walk into the house . marty Annie ... @ k no response . marty follow the droning of a tv . find in the kitchen . kitchen she notice marty , give he a weak smile . she look bad : thin , dark circle under she eye . ann _ I think he combine the " death do we part " and the " for richer or poorer " ... she hand he a pile of papers . it 's a insurance policy . insurance policy : scan over all the legal mumbo-jumbo . certain thing jump out at we ... insure : Ann Harrison ... beneficiary : Chris Harrison . but it 's the amount that cause the record to screech to a halt in marty 's head : '' $ 1,000,000.00 . marty Jesus ... ann I just find it . it be lock in he desk . marty continue read the insurance policy . Ann get up , start pace . her self - pity morph into anger . marty you do not know about this ? ann ( shake she head ) I remember signing some thing , but he tell I it be about health insurance . marty oread policy ) he just take this out six month ago ... ann I know . my cancer probably save I from a " fall " in the shower . God , it 's so typical of he , too. ( bitter laugh ) how many dental hygienist do you think be insure for a million dollar ? Ann stop pace , start cry . she laugh to cover she ing . marty kiss the top of har head . she look up at ann can I ask you something ? be you serious when you say you would leave with I ? marty nod . he be never more serious about anything in he life . ext . ann be house - continuous Chris 's car pull in the driveway . he get out . int . kitchen - continuous Ann hear the front door open . she panic . pushes marty towards the back door . he resist . marty no. ann please . marty ( hold up the insurance policy ) we be gonna have this out . right now . ann if we be gonna leave , he can not know . he can not know . ( beat ) please ... after a beat , marty give in , leave out the back door . she shut the door just as Chris walk into the kitchen . CHRIS bee ann hi , I , uh , be go to take the trash out . she walk over to the garbage can . ann I , uh , think you be work a double tonight . Chris walk over to the door , look outside . ext . ann' house - continuous marty 's just out of Chris ' view . int . kitchen - continuous Chris open the garbage can . it 's only a quarter full . Chris move in close to Ann , force she into a corner . CHRIS how be - you appointment yesterday ? ann appointment ? CHRIS with Dr. frieland . what ? I , ah , do not see - - ann CHRIS jay see you go into he office . Said you be go in with another guy . ann no , no ... I stop by . I , ah , have some question . but I , I be by myself . Chris grab she arm , shake she . CHRIS how can I help you , Annie , if you be not honest with I ? ext . ann be house - continuous marty' Pov : Chris push Ann against the wall . CHRIS ( 0.s. ; muffled ) do not lie to I ! marty : try to decide what to do . he run around the house , go to the front door . ring the doorbell . after a beat , Chris answer the door . marty ( smile ) howya do , Chris ? CHRIS Chief . marty ngesture to they neighbor 's house ) Judy Anderson say she see a prowler outside she place . you happen to see anything ? ( Chris shake he head ' no ' ) what about Ann ? she home ? CHRIS she do not see anything . marty ( laugh ) you do not ask she . CHRIS she do not say anything about it . marty maybe I should ask she , you know . not that I do not trust you mind read ability or anything . Ann come to the door . she and marty share a quick look . marty look she over , make sure that Chris do not hit she . ann I do not see anything . marty wait a long beat . marty all right . g'night then . ( start away ) I be just gonna be check out the wood . if you see something , gimme a holler . Chris shut the door . ext . ann' house ~ later marty 's in he truck , watch Ann 's house through a set of binocular . the light go off in the house . marty start up he truck . int . the crowbar - night no Sam Adams or Heineken serve here . marty sit at by himself , finish up a Bud . Chris walk in . Mar stare at he for a beat , then turn back to the basketball highlight on tv . Chris . walk over to the bar and sit next to marty . CHRIS ( be : tv , shake head ) piston . I come back after ten year and they still suck . marty shrug . CHRIS let I get you a refill there . marty I be all set . CHRIS c'mon , it be not a bribe . Chris gesture for two beer to the bartender . CHRIS lemme ask you something . tonight , when you be look for that prowler , do you see anybody else out there ? ( marty shake he head ) nobody leave my place ? marty no , why ? CHRIS I do not know why I be even tell you this . ( look marty straight in the eye ) I have a feel last night when I come home that Ann be with some other guy . a beat . marty really ? CHRIS yeah , and I think he snuck out the back when I get home . to ut marty ( pretend to think ) do not see anybody . @ ( beat ) what would Ann say ? CHRIS that I be crazy . she say she be just take out the trash . marty maybe the garbage be full . CHRIS ( laugh ) in the fifteen year we have be marry I can count the number of time she take out the garbage on my thumb . marty I do not see anything . Chris nod to himself . CHRIS thanks , anyways . @ the bartender bring they two bud . Chris take a long swig of he beer . CHRIS I tell you , though , next time that little pussy come around I will be wait . marty " Little pussy ? " CHRIS sure , he scurry out the back door the second he hear my voice . I mean , I could almost respect a guy who have the ball to confront I , to tell I , '' yeah , I be fuck you wife . " right ? ( marty shrug ) like that guy who be fuck Amy . I mean , shit , that have to kill you , that you wife 's fuck some guy . but still , I mean , you gotta respect that guy a little , right ? @ Chris smile at marty . marty maybe Ann be fuck somebody . except , that unlike my ex-wife , & you wife will not let this guy tell you that you be a shitty husband and you do not deserve Ann . maybe there 's nothing he would rather do than walk up to you , look you in you eye -- ( marty stare into Chris ' eye ) and say , " Chris , I be fuck you wife . " be that what you would want ? Chris laugh . CHRIS I would respect he at least . and if he do , I would look he in the eye -- ( stare at marty ) and say , " if you ever come near my wife again , I will kill you . " they stare at each other for a long beat . marty I think you be tell the wrong @ guy here , Chris . a beat , then marty tap he gun . marty because as a cop , I can not let you go around make threat on people 's life . if I think you be serious , I would be obligate to do something . CHRIS lucky for both of we , I do not think we will have to find out how serious I be . I think Ann understand where I be come from . marty finish he beer and stand up . marty thanks for the beer , Chris . CHRIS thanks for listen . e marty start for the door , then turn and stop . marty give Ann my best , willya Chris ? int . marty' cffice - day marty be talk on the phone . marty ( into phone ) deano , it 's marty . listen , do you dad still rent he house on the lake ?... really . what 's he number ? marty write the phone number down . his other line ring . marty thanks , deano . gotta run . opick up second line ) Chief walsh . ann ( 0o.s. ; on phone ) we have get a change of plan ... ext . STREET - downtown detroit - day marty and Ann walk down the street , hand - in-hand . Ann 's a bundle of nervous energy . they stop in front of a brownstone . Ann check the marquee : " the live gift . " ann this be it . they walk up the step . int . lobby - the live gift - day Ann and marty be greet by ROBERT guilette , a tall , impeccably dress salesman . - Robert be put on this earth to do one thing : sell . ROBERT Mrs. Harrison . Robert guilette . a pleasure to meet you . ( to marty ) and this must be you husband . marty give Ann a quick look . she shrug , ' go with it . ' marty ( smile ) yeah . Chris Harrison . Nice to meet you . int . office - the live gift - day marty and Ann sit in the dark , watch a slide show . sy will rh rh of the picture click by : a smile man next to the tower ... a woman on a sun-drenched beach ... a fam. reunion ... bt hee ROBERT ( 0.s. ) this be just some of the people we have help . Robert turn on the light . and here 's the pitch ... ROBERT Ann , a viatical settlement be all about opportunity . about give you the opportunity to do thing that you have only dream of , whether that be walk along a desert beach in Hawaii or run with the bull in pompeii - - — ann Pamplona . the buil run in Pamplona . the volcano erupt in pompeii . Robert laugh . ROBERT my point be -- before the geography lesson -- the only limit be you imagination . ann and by how much money you offer I , right ? ROBERT someone 's do they homework . ann okay , let I make sure I have get this straight . I name you the beneficiary on my life insurance policy -- ROBERT well , not I personally . you name the live gift as you beneficiary . after , of course , we purchase you policy from you . ann and you -- I mean , the live gift - - collect on the policy when I die . no will ROBERT ( nod ) as the beneficiary , we collect on 6 the policy after you have pass on , yes . however , I want to take this opportunity to assure you , at the live gift maximize profit be not we objective . last year we return on investment fall below that of the average mutual fund . ann how much do I get ? Robert smile , wait a beat . know he 's get she . ROBERT we determine the buyout after you consultation with we medical staff . ann and the amount depend on how long you medical staff say I have to live , right ? ROBERT & ( laugh ) it 's dependent on a variety of factor . but yes , life expectancy be one of the many factor we consider . ann how about a ballpark figure ? ROBERT now do not quote I on this . but people who be generally in you category -- ann my category ? ROBERT that whose life expectancy fall below , ah , you ah , expectancy , ah , six month ... the standard payout for this category . be between seventy five and eighty percent of the policy . @ it do not take long for Ann to do the math in she head . ann Seven hundred and fifty thousand ? Robert nod slowly . Ann 's try to temper she enthusiasm . ROBERT now , if this be something you be interested in , we just have to move quickly . ann ( smile ) yes. ( beat ) be that quick enough ? ROBERT you can sleep on it -- ann I do not need to . I -~. I mean my husband and I -- want to do this . ext . the live gift - day Ann and marty walk out of the office . well , Ann practically float out . as soon as they be outside , she jump into marty 's arm and let out the loudest scream of joy you have ever hear . ext . detroit mercy hospital - night Chris , wear a security guard uniform , walk out of the employee parking lot . int . security office - detroit mercy hospital - night Chris flip through " car & Driver " magazine , ocogle the expensive sport car . CHRIS yeah , yeah , a humvee . that 's the one ... a morgue attendant walk into the office . attendant hey , little help here , Chris . Chris nod and walk out of the security office . another attendant stand over a gurney hold a body bag , wait to go into the morgue . Chris unlock the morgue door . int . marty' apartment - night box be everywhere . marty be pack he apartment up . the phone ring . marty ( into phone ) yeah . as he listen , he face register bad news . he run out the door . int . ann be house - night marty 's try to console Ann . she look awful -- a mixture of desperation and anger . Ann start pace . marty what would Robert say ? ann one of they investor pull all he money out ... they be break . marty we will go somewhere else . have someone else buy you policy . ann I can not go anywhere else . there 's only two day leave to change the — policy . marty what do you mean ? ann there 's some provision in the policy -- the beneficiary can not be change after six month . and that 's in two day -- marty we will call them . there have to be something -- Ann turn on he , channele all she anger at marty . ann it 's too late ! she grab a glass . hurl it against the wall . smash ! marty try to touch she , but she shake he off . marty maybe -- ann do not ! marty there 's get to be -- with tw ann fhold up she hand ) do not . this be not fixable . marty look at she for a beat . then he take the broom and dustpan out of the closet . start clean up the glass . Ann watch m . but instead of be touch by this small gesture , it piss she off . ann ( cold ) I do not need you to clean up my mess . marty continue sweeping . she take the broom away from he . they eye lock . she put the broom in the closet . she turn and walk out of the kitchen . marty watch she go . then , after a beat , he grab the broom and dustpan . finishes clean up the glass . 0o.s . Ann 's car peel out of the driveway . int . marty' apartment - day marty 's on the phone . after a beat , Ann 's machine pick up . marty hang up . int . police station -~ night marty lock a drunk in the cell . he take the drunk 's wallet into the evidence safe . he linger for a bit , stare at the evidence from the sarcetti trial -- the $ 660,000 . he pick up a stack of $ 100 bill . stare at it . int . MAIN STREET - day marty direct traffic . he catch a glimpse of Ann and Chris down the street . Ann look awful . the last twenty - four hour have seemingly age she twenty - four year . marty try to make eye contact with she . just want some acknowledgement . but he do not get it . int . police station ~ night marty 's lay on the cot in the cell , stare blankly at the tv . he look like shit . the front door open . it 's ann. she smile weakly at marty , walk up to the cell . she look just as bad as marty . ann what would they lock you up for ? marty ignore somebody . ann ( smile ) I think that be just misdemeanor ? '' marty nope . it 's a felony in this town . ann do not realize the punishment be so stiff . ( beat ) do we have to keep talk like this ? . marty smile , shake he head . ann I be sorry , I just ... I just need some time . she pull a bundle of papers from she purse , push they through the cell bar to marty . he look at the papers , then at Ann . marty what 's this ? paper : Ann 's insurance policy . marty 's list as the beneficiary . ann my go away present . marty stare at the policy for a long beat . he 's move by Ann 's gesture . ann buy that fishing boat you and chae have always be talk about . marty you can not -- ann please . ( beat ) hey , name the boat after I , okay ? Ann do not look at marty as she turn to leave . his hand shoot out of the cell , grab she arm . ws pt marty you can not leave . ann I can not stay here any more . I need some ... peace . I talk to a friend who life in Chicago . I be go to stay with she -- marty you be not go -- ann please , do not make this harder ... marty stick he hand outside the cell , try to unlock it , but the key be stick . he jingle the key around . marty can you - help I here ? Ann play with the key , finally unlock the cell . marty you can not leave . ann marty -- marty you wanna know why you can not leave ? ( beat ) ' Cause we be leave . ann what ? marty give she the insurance policy back . marty and you can not give this to I . marty lead she into he office . he unlock the evidence safe ... walk in . gesture for Ann to follow . evidence safe marty because I be go to buy it from you . Ann stare at the sarcetti money , shocked . after a beat , he plan dawns on she . she start shaking she head . ann no . I can not -- I will not let you do that . with you marty I have work it all out ... dissolve to : int . police station - next day a window 's be smashed in . marty and tony look at the evidence locker . there 's crowbar mark all over it . marty take the $ 660,000 out of the safe . marty ( to tony ) I be gonna put this in a safe deposit box at the bank ... marty put the money into a briefcase . dissolve to : int . marty' apartment - day marty take the money out of the briefcase , put it into a duffel bag . he shut the now empty briefcase , lock it . dissolve to : int . bank - day marty put the empty briefcase into a safe deposit box . lock it . marty 's buddy dean , the bank manager , look on . dissolve to : int . marty' apartment - night marty stare at the $ 660,000 in the duffel bag for a beat . then he zip the bag up . head out . ann ( v.0 . ) .. so I name you the beneficiary on my life insurance policy ... int . notary public' office - day ann' insurance policy : marty 's list as the beneficiary . marty and Ann watch as a notary public stamp the policy , seal it in a envelope and put it in the mail slot . dissolve to : with oy ann ( v.o . ) . and when I die , you will replace the money we take with the money from the insurance company ? ( end of montage ) dissolve to : int . kitchen - ann' house - night Ann and marty sit at the kitchen table , stare at the $ 660,000 in the duffel bag . ann what if they want it back ? marty by law , the money have to stay in the possession of the arrest department for one year from the conclusion of the trial . ( beat ) it 's all yours . ann ( kiss he ) no , it 's all ours . marty ( check he watch ) I better get go . marty get up and kiss she . marty Chris still work the graveyard tomorrow ? ann ( nod ) he 's on at ten . marty then we will leave at eleven . Ann walk over , kiss he . ann my life start tomorrow . marty no , we life start tomorrow . int . marty' office - police station - day marty drink a beer with tony . tony how long do you think you be gonna be take care of you mother ? marty not sure , T. probably five or six month . tony ( shaking he head ) Cancer , man ... marty so you ready to be act Chief or what ? tony I think so . marty you be gonna do good . marty stand up . tony follow . they share a quick embrace . marty be I will be in touch . marty head for the door . marty do not let chae off on that parking ticket . int . marty' apartment .- night marty hang up the phone . rub he face , worried . he glance at he watch -- 11 pm . start pace . ext . ann' STREET - night marty park down the street from Ann 's place . ext . ann' house - continuous Ann and Chris 's car be in the driveway . but no light be on in the house . marty quietly approach the house . marty sneak around the house , look in window -- nobody 's home . he try to open the window . no luck -- they be all lock . something catch he eye on the ground : a electronic hotel key ( the one they magnetically charge ) with " ramada Inn " write across it . he pick it up , look at it . pocket it . marty dial Ann 's number on he cell phone again . it just ring and ring ... int . ann' neighbor be house - night a elderly woman walk to the window . look out . elderly woman be Pov : marty , stand under a light , try the back door -- it 's lock . she have a perfect view of he . marty look up . see the old woman stare at he . he quickly jump back into the shadow and head off . ext . ann be house - continuous marty hurry back to he truck . int . marty' truck - night marty 's look at the ramada Inn hotel key . marty ( into phone ) yeah . do you have a guest by the name of Ann Harrison there ?... how about a Chris Harrison ?... nothing , huh . marty hang up , toss the key on the floor . int . marty' apartment - night ( 3:02 am ) marty pace he barren apartment as he talk on the cell phone . marty ( into phone ) yeah , tone , it 's I . you hear of any accident or anything tonight ? he hang up , dial Ann 's number again . get the machine . he kick he suitcase across the room . marty fuuuuck ! fade to black : ring ! ring ! ! int . marty' apartment - dawn ( 6:32 am ) marty , half - asleep in a chair , grab the phone . marty ( instantly alert ) yeah ... what ?! smash CUT to : ws we ext . ann' house - day ( 6:45 am ) marty 's truck slam to a stop outside Ann 's house . or more accurately , what use to be Ann 's house ... the house be completely burn down . quicho 's rag-tag volunteer fire department finish watch the house burn . the fire have not spread to they neighbor 's house . marty jump out of he truck , run up to the smolder house . he grab the FIRE chief ( paulie ) . marty paulie ... where ? the Fire Chief lead marty over to the debris . they stomp through the ember , come up to : two charree corpse . burn beyond recognition . marty : turn away from the corpse and puke all over the Fire Chief 's boot . FIRE chief Jesus , you all right here , marty ? marty yeah ... just ... FIRE chief I will grab ya some coffee . the Fire Chief leave marty stare at the corpse . he start shaking he head slowly . try to remain compose . ext . ann' house - day ( 7:24 am ) marty , devastate , lean against Ann 's car , talk with the Fire Chief . marty ... the propane tank ? FIRE chief ( nod ) I just wake up Jack . he say Chris call last week say he want he tank look at , be have some problem with it . marty nod , walk over to where the corpse lay . he stare , numb . chae ( o0.s . ) who order they weil do ? fy oo marty turn , grab chae by the collar . marty how about show a little fuck respect ? marty shove he to the ground and storm off . ext . ann' house - later ( 8:12 am ) marty watch as chae 's people load the corpse into a truck . chae walk up , notice how devastate marty be . chae sorry about that back there . I be a asshole ... marty wave he off . a van label " County arson investigation " pull up to the site . a police car with " Cole County sheriff 's Department " paint across it pull up right behind the arson van . detective alex cole ( early 30 ) step out of the passenger side . chae stare at she as she make she way toward they . his attentiveness be easy to understand . even Alex 's off - the - rack pants suit can not hide the fact that she could be make three time a detective 's salary dance at one of the local gentleman 's club . but the people who can not get past the playboy figure be usually the worse for it . especially if they have commit murder . Alex do a double - take when she see marty . he recognize she as well . marty hey . alex that 's the kind of greeting I get ? she offer she hand . he shake it limply . alex by the way , you owe I fifty buck for that room service bill . marty nod . too devastate to have any interest in catch up with Alex . she survey the scene . alex look like somebody forget to listen to smokey , huh ? marty do not respond . she turn back to he . alex smokey the bear . you know -- " only you can prevent forest fire . " marty still do not respond . Alex wave she hand in front of he face . alex bear . could talk . anyway ... marty Excuse I for a sec . marty head off . Alex watch he for a beat . FIRE chief - twave he hand ) detective . Alex walk over toward the Fire Chief and two arson investigator . ext . ann' house - day ( 9:25 am ) the two arson investigator stand with the Fire Chief , sifting through the ash , talk in hushed tone . marty lean against he truck by himself . Alex whistle at marty , gesture for he . reluctantly , he walk over to they . alex smokey would not be happy at all . ( beat ) this be arson . marty what ?! ext . ann' house - day ( 9:50 am ) it 's buzzing with activity . and at the center be Alex , bark into she cell phone . marty stand off to the side . the fact that Ann and Chris be murder have shake he out of he daze . alex ( into phone ) that 's bullshit ! I catch this thing ... tell yaeger to suck my dick !... Fine , twenty - four hour . Alex snap she phone shut , go over to marty . alex listen , I have get ' till tomorrow before the sherriff pull I for the old boy club on this thing . and if I run this thing out of my office , they be gonna be try to trip I up . so if it 's alright with you , I want to run it out of you place here . marty consider it a beat . he want to stay close to the investigation . marty alex good , I will have some of my man set up shop at you place . ( beat ) and why do not I ride back with you . that way we can catch up on old time . int . marty' truck - day ( 10:02 am ) marty stare out the window , preoccupy . Alex watch he . she notice he Palm on the dashboard . she pick it up . alex ( off Palm ) yep , here 's my number . right where I write it . marty do not answer . Alex continue to play with the Palm . open the gps application . alex oh , you have get the gps thing on here . pretty high - tech for a bunch of hick . marty we hick prefer to be call hayseed . alex oh , so he can speak ... she wait for marty to say something . he do not . alex +... dust not much . marty nod he head . Alex laugh and go back to the Palm . locate who ? -- tony . " a beep palm : Alex click '' lecate . " a list pop you tony , ambulance , Fire truck ? " . she click blip appear on a map of quicho . alex tony you gay lover ? marty ( laugh ) he work for I . ( take the Palm ) this thing allow I to track wherever he be . marty toss the Palm on the dashboard . marty pretty useless . but tony 's brother sell them and he give we a bunch of them so he could use we in the advertising . alex ( imitate advertising ) local hick -- I mean hayseed -- swear by we gps tracking system . Alex look at marty , expect a laugh . but he do not say anything . his mind be back on Ann 's death . Alex notice how despondent and distract marty look . alex you seem pretty shake up by this . you know ‘em well ? marty ( he shrug ) go to high school with they . they have just move back here a couple month ago . alex so , any idea who do it ? marty shake he head -- he truly be at a loss . marty no idea . alex they have any enemy ? marty no , nothing like that . alex money trouble ? marty nothing I hear of . alex either of they fuck around on the side ? marty hesitates for a beat . marty ( shake he head ) no . I always hear they have a perfect marriage . alex ( scoff ) the perfect marriage ? I think they stop make that back in the fifty . marty pull up to the police station . there 's already three sheriff 's car here . int . police station - day ( 10:18 am ) Alex be huddle with deputy baste , she second in command . baste ( 40s ) be the kind of guy who be actually thankful he do not have a sense of humor . when he be not work as a cop , baste be at home clean he gun and watch " cop . " other deputy be take over the office : talk on phone , carry in evidence . marty' office marty be oblivious the the activity . he 's stare at a photo of he and Ann . it still have not quite sink in . alex ( o.s. ) hey , lazy bone . marty hide the photo , spin around in he chair . alex I be gonna go by they dentist 's place to pick up dental record . how ' bout come along ? marty nod , then get up . int . dentist office - day ( 10:42 am ) Dr. Snyder ( Ann 's boss ) hand Alex two set of dental record . marty stand there , feign interest . ae ut dr . snyder here you go . Alex look over the dental record alex how long have Ann work for you ? dr . snyder about two month . ever since she and Chris get back into town . alex where 's she desk ? dr . snyder ( point ) it be over there . alex " be ? " - dr . snyder she stop work last week . alex she quit ? dr . snyder uh , kind of . ( beat , sadly ) Ann have terminal cancer . alex she be die ? Dr. Snyder nod . Alex look to marty , who pretend to be shocked . dr . snyder I think she be try to keep it quiet . marty Bruce , can you think of anybody who would have want to kill she ? Dr. Snyder think for a beat , then shake he head . alex be there anything else you can tell we ? weird behavior ? dr . snyder ( shake he head ) sorry . nikki ( 0.s. ) I think she be have a affair . be they all spin around . nikki ( the other hygienist ) stand there , chew gum . marty eye nikki warily . alex she tell you she be have a affair ? nikki ( shake she head ) Nah , she be not too talkative with I . I mean , we would talk about stuff , you know like what be happen on we storey and stuff . but I just get that feel you know , like sometimes when she be on the phone she would ... ( whisper ) talk real quiet and stuff -- marty jump in , not like where this be go . marty ( " skeptical " ) c'mon . she be whisper ? @ that 's you proof , nik ? alex any idea who it be ? nikki ( shake she head ) Nah ... ( snap she finger ) but he be classy . a couple week ago she get this real nice thing of flower . remember , Bruce ? Dr. Snyder nod . nikki continue , emboldene . nikki and , I , uh , date Chris back in high school -- when they break up for a couple of week -- and Chris definitely be not the type of guy to send flower . marty whip out he cell phone . dial a number . marty ( into phone ) e@ hey , Nancy . it 's marty . howya do ?... ( more ) marty ( cont would ; into phone ) listen , uh , somebody send flower to Ann Harrison a couple week ago . any idea who it be ?... {after a beat , for nikki 's benefit ) Chris send ‘em . thanks . before marty hang up we hear : voicemail lady ( 0.s. ; from phone ) dial you password , then press pound -- marty hang up . marty ( sarcastically ) thanks for all you help , nik . int . police car - day ( 10:45 am ) Alex pull onto a highway on -ramp . marty this be not the way back . alex Snyder give I the name of Ann 's doctor off she insurance form . I wanna find out about she cancer . marty shift uncomfortably . he have no interest in meeting up with Ann 's doctor . marty well , how ' bout drop I off then ? alex what ? you do not like hang around with I unless you have down six margaritas ? marty I just do not think both of we need to sit around read " highlight " while we wait to talk to she doctor . ( be at ) plus , I only have a couple margaritas . alex they be double . marty you gonna drop I off ? alex I will if you can tell I why you never call I after the conference . marty I apologize . alex that 's not a reason . ( beat ) well , it 's you loss . ' Cause I usually give it up on the second date . int . detroit mercy hospital - day ( 10:56 am ) they walk up to the front desk . marty look around , try to figure out how to avoid see Ann 's doctor . he see someone walk out of the bathroom . marty I gotta hit the head . I '11 meet you in there . Alex shrug and marty start for the bathroom . alex ( to receptionist where 's Dr. donovan 's office ? receptionist ( check file ) uh , let 's sea ... oh , here it be . her office -- marty ( turn around ) " her " ?! Alex and the receptionist shoot marty a dirty look . alex we can vote now , too , Chief . receptionist ( for marty 's benefit ) her office be on the third floor . alex thanks . Alex start for the elevator . marty follow . ex ( shake she head ) a liar and a chauvinist . I sure wish I know that about you before I invite you back to my hotel room . but marty be not listen . he 's still wonder why the hell Ann 's doctor be a she . int . doctor' office - day ( 11:05 am ) marty and Alex sit across from dr . donovan ( female , 40s . ) Dr. donovan read froma file . dr . donovan it say here that miss Harrison choose I as she internist from the hmo directory , but I have never meet she . alex she 's never be here for a exam ? Dr. donovan shake she head . marty be still try to figure out why they be talk to this doctor instead of Dr. frieland . alex it just do not make any sense -- she be die of cancer but she never come into you office . marty maybe she see another doctor here ? Dr. donovan go over to she computer . click a few button . dr . donovan {off computer ) no , she 's never be a patient at this hospital . marty look like he 's go to puke for the second time today . marty Excuse I . marty lurch out of he chair . throw open the door . the two woman watch he go , surprised by he exit . hallway marty stagger out of the office . he steady himself against the wall . his brain be have a hard time processing what he just hear . you after a beat , marty run down the hall . Hit the stairwe stairwell marty -bound down the stair . take they four at a time . basement marty emerge in the basement . run down the hall . find Dr. frieland 's office throw open the door ... the office be completely empty except for a desk and chair . int . hospital hallway - continuous Alex hurry down the hall as she talk into she cell phone . alex ( into phone ) listen , I want you to find out who she doctor be . int . dr . frieland be " office " - continuous marty walk around the empty office in a daze . stare at the bare wall that use to hold ivy League diploma . then marty grab the chair . toss it against the wall . the chair be reduce to firewood . marty flip the desk over . start kick it . and kick it . out of breath , he back into the wall . slump against it . slide down to the floor . then something catch he eye on the floor next to the desk ... the letter opener that Dr. frieland keep fiddling with . marty pick it up with he fingertip . turn it over , let the light catch it ... there 's fingerprint on it . ext . hospital - day ( 11:13 am ) marty run out of the hospital . jump into the police car . int . police car Alex tap she finger on the wheel . uw he alex you get a check - up or something ? marty pat he stomach . marty bad coffee . Alex shake she head and start the car . int . police car - day ( 11:20 am ) they head into downtown quiche . marty stare out the window , catatonic . Ann 's betrayal still sink in . Alex 's cell phone ring . alex ( into phone ) yeah ... I do not give a shit . figure out who I have to blow to get my phone record . _ marty : the word " phone record " shake marty out of he trance . know he number be all over that record . alex ( into phone ) listen for a beat ) result , not excuse , baste . that 's what they pay we twenty - five grand for . ( listen ) we be pull in now . Alex snap she cell phone shut . alex God damn phone company 's drag they foot on the phone record . marty do not answer . Alex look over at he -- he 's pale . alex ( off he expression ) that must have be some bad coffee . Alex pull into the police station parking lot . they hop out of the car . ext./ int . police station - continuous Alex follow marty up the stair . marty open the door and walk in . bullpen baste and tony talk with two women and a man . wy judy , ome of the woman , turn around , see marty and wave . judy hey , Chief . marty! face : pure terror . marty turn away from Judy , bump into Alex . the other woman , judy' mother , turn around . just in time to see the back of marty 's head . now we realize why marty turn away ... Judy 's mother be the one who see he at Ann 's last night . the man be a sketch artist . he finish he draw and show it to Judy 's mother . sketch artist how 's this look , mam ? Judy 's mother scrutinize the sketch ( we do not see it . ) baste ( to Alex ) we have get a eyewitness here . Alex look at the sketch . marty turn to go , keep he back to Judy 's mother . Alex reach out and grab he shoulder . alex take a look at this . Alex hold out the sketch for marty . marty turm around slowly , scratch a '' itch " on he face ... so that he partially obscure : he face from Judy 's mother . he look at the sketch . sketch : look like marty in a general way . eighty year old eye and a hack artist have spare he . alex Ring any bell ? judy' mother : watch marty . she try to get a good look , but he hand block she view . her synapse fire ... where have she see that face ? marty ( shake he head ) sorry . tony kinda look like you , Chief . with ui marty ( force laugh ) yeah , if I be as ugly as you , T. marty turn to leave . judy Chief , I do not think you have meet my mother yet . she just come up from dearborn . Judy and she mother approach marty . marty turn so that Judy 's mother be look at he profile . marty marty walsh . Nice to meet you . judy' mother Carol Anderson . marty thanks for all you help , mam . judy such a shame ... they be so young . marty awful . Excuse I , Judy . judy' mother you look very familiar -- marty ( snap he finger ) yes , that 's right . I meet you at the supermarket last week . Judy 's mother try to remember ... be that it ? judy I do not think so . judy' mother supermarket ? -- marty yes , out in front . it must have be last Tuesday . judy but mother do not get in until Thursday . baste come over , hold a book of mug shot . baste Mrs. Anderson , we need you again . ut fi marty seize the moment to escape . he turn and duck into he office . Judy 's mother turn back to marty , but he 's go . marty .'s office marty grab he phone , dial 411 . marty ( into phone ) yeah , the number for the live gift in Detroit . marty dial the number -- it start ringing . marty grab a newspaper article off he corkboard . it read , " Police make drug bust -- $ 660,000 seize . " he read the date off the article : May 15 , 2001 . marty ( off article ) May fifteenth . woman' voice ( 0.s. ; on phone ) the live gift . marty yeah , uh , be , uh , Robert there ? woman' voice ( 0.s. ; on phone ) who should I say be call ? marty uh , Chris Harrison . woman' voice ( 0.s. ; on phone ) one moment , please . marty dig through he file as he wait . ROBERT ( 0.s. ; on phone ) this be Robert . marty Robert . this be , uh ... Chris Harrison . Ann Harrison 's husband -- ROBERT ( 0.s. ; on phone ) of course . how 's Ann ? marty she 's ah ... fine . listen , I , uh , this be a weird question , but do you guy go bankrupt ? file : marty pull out he copy of Ann 's insurance policy . technically he 's a millionaire today . ROBERT ( 0.s. ; on phone ) ( laugh ) bankrupt ? if we do , somebody forget to tell I . marty do , uh , do Ann talk to you after we meet ? ROBERT ( o.s. ; on phone ) of course . she call I with the good news . marty " good news ? " ROBERT ( o.s. ; on phone ) sure . that she doctor believe she be go to make a full recovery ... it hang there for a long beat . marty scan Ann 's policy , find what he 's look for ... the date of inception : May 24th , 2001 . less than a week after marty make the drug bust . marty ( sotto , off date ) could not even wait a fuck week . ROBERT ( 0.s. ; on phone ) Excuse I ? marty nothing . ROBERT ( o.s. ; on phone ) well , needless to say , I be very happy for the two of you . it 's a miracle . marty yeah . a real fuck miracle . marty slam the phone down . Alex look in at he . he smile , realize he can not freak out here . marty ( call out ) hey , T. tony walk into he office . marty pull Dr. frieland 's letter opener out of he jacket . un ut wi ov marty I need you to run this over to the lab in Detroit and have ‘em run the print . tony ( point to deputy ) be it for this thing ? marty uh-huh . I want you to wait there ' till they be do . and then call I . Alex rap on marty 's door . marty yeah . alex a agent Stark from the dea be on line one for you . marty who ? — alex agent Stark . dea . say it 's about the sarcetti case . marty ( long beat ) thanks . marty stare at the blink button on the phone . he take a deep breath , pick up the phone . marty ( into phone ) this be Chief walsh . agent stark ( 0.s. ; on phone ) Chief walsh . agent Stark with the dea . how you do ? marty busy . agent stark ( 0.s ; on phone ) you and I both . listen , I understand you be hold the evidence from the sarcetti case . marty ntorture beat ) uh-huh . drip ... eeeehhh ... a a agent stark ( 0.s ; on phone ) reat . that mean you be my new best friend . listen , I be go to send a couple of my agent up from the Detroit office to pick up that cash . we think the money might be link to one of we investigation . bead of sweat drop on to marty 's desk . marty I will tell you what . how ' bout I call you tomorrow and we will figure out a time -- agent stark ( 0.s. ; on phone ) Chief . this have to be do the day before yesterday . marty I be sorry . but that evidence have to stay in my possession for a year -- agent stark ( o.s. ; on phone ) I guess I be not make myself clear here . this have be a two year ongoing investigation . I have the cooperation of the fri , the atf , and two foreign government ... so you will have to excuse I if I do not give two shit about you rule of evidence . ( beat ) my men'll be up sometime this aftermoon . oh , yeah , and Chief ? marty yeah . agent stark ( o.s. ; on phone ) have a nice day . Stark hang up on the other end . marty hold the phone to he ear for another beat , daze : tony you okay , boss ? marty nod , then hand tony the letter opener . marty tell them we need this thing quick . ( glance at the bullpen ) really quick . '' a with tony ( gesture to deputy ) then we should just give it to they - - marty just do it ! alright ! bullpen Alex look in at marty and tony , curious about the outburst . baste hurry over to Alex . baste I just get off the phone with she doctor -- she 's over at Detroit Medical Center . anyway , she say that she 's be Ann 's doctor for the past five year . and that as of she last check - up three month ago , Ann be perfectly healthy . alex she do not have cancer ? baste shake he head . alex I pretend I be a size four once , but why the hell 's someone gonna pretend they have cancer ? marty' office tony ( confuse by marty 's tone ) sorry . I just think this guy could do it faster . marty no , no , I be sorry . marty put he arm around tony 's shoulder . marty just tell them we need it fast . tony nod and go to the door . marty hey , T , still friend , right ? tony smile and head out . marty sit down at he desk . there 's no way he 's go to be able to keep this up . int . police station - day ( 11:36 am ) beat of the investigation : - the fax machine spit out Ann and Chris ' bank record . we watch .as they old check come out . hold on a copy of a check to equity life insurance . - several deputy catalogue evidence from the scene . - Judy 's mother go through the book of mug shot . she shake she head at each one . int . quicho federal saving bank - day ( 12:03 pm ) marty 's huddle over a computer with dean , the bank manager . they be look at Ann 's bank account . the account have $ 400 in i — marty can you check around with other bank ? see if she make any large deposit yesterday ? dean I will see what I can find out . int . police station - day ( 12:39 pm ) Alex stare at a bulletin board of evidence . bulletin board : sketch of " marty " , photo of Ann . baste hang up the phone and hurry over to Alex . baste we should have the phone record soon . alex remind I to do a jig . deputy ( 0.s. ) detective . they hurry over to a deputy . he hand Alex the check to equity life insurance . alex ( off check ) '' equity life insurance ? " int . police station - day ( 12:43 pm ) marty run in , see Alex huddle with a couple deputy . alex just find it . ay marty what 's up ? alex this just come through . Alex show he the equity life insurance check . marty she 's get a life insurance policy ? alex and we have get a potential motive . ( beat ) only problem be we have not be able to find where they office be . hey , you get any pull at the bank ? marty sure , why ? Alex hand he the check . alex see if they can get we a address . marty walk into he office . marty' office marty dial a number . marty ( into phone ) anything , t? int . crime lab - continuous tony 's hold the letter opener . tony ( into phone ) Nah , they be not gonna be able to check it out for another hour . ( beat ) Holy shit , marty , you should see the rack on this chick who just walk by . oh my God ... int . marty' office - continuous marty dust call I when you get something . marty slam the phone down . he hear a beeping o.s. look over . ov it 's the fax machine . marty bolt for the fax machine . bullpen fax machine : come to life . cover page read " Bell Atlantic telephone . " marty drop a different cover page on the income fax . alex that the phone record ? marty shake he head " no . " tap he foot as the phone record come through ... he grab the phone record . run into he office . alex ( 0.s. ) ( yell ) baste , I be feel unlove . where be my phone record ?! marty' office marty stare at the phone record . " 248-234-5853 - walsh , Martin A. " all over the bill . " 248-234-4000 - quicho Police Department " numerous time . he fire up he computer . look out at the bullpen . bullpen baste ( to Alex ) : he say he fax them over . I will call he again . baste , piss , pick up the phone . marty' office marty scan the last page of the record into he computer . computer : the phone record be on the screen . marty copy and pastes non-incriminating number over he . but it 's a slow process ... he have to do it one number at a time . Alex run in . alex I need you computer for a séc. on tw marty gimme a couple a minute . alex they e-mail I a bunch of warrant . marty five minute . marty steal a look at baste . baste : talk on the phone as he gesture to the fax machine . baste I be stare at the god damn fax machine . they be not here . just send them again ... marty : see baste hang up the phone . he continue to copy and paste one number at a time . Alex walk over to marty , glance at the computer ... computer : a blank document . = alex you get writer 's block ? marty I have get to do a report . alex for what ? somebody jaywalk ? ( beat ) I need to get this warrant . you know , for this little double murder case we be work . marty' Pov : baste stand vigilantly above the fax machine . marty ( 0.s. ) a couple minute , alright ? the fax machine beeps , start up . marty : start to sweat . alex I just do not -- marty stand up , get in Alex 's face . oy oo marty five minute ! ocalm down ) just gimme a couple minute , alright ? baste ( 0.s. ) ( call out ) phone record come in . Alex give marty a look , then head over to the fax machine . fax machine : a " Bell Atlantic " cover page drop into the tray . beep !... beep ! baste shit . fax machine : " out of Paper " flash . marty : work the keyboard like a stenographer . at he foot be a stack of paper . baste ( call to marty ) where the hell 's the paper ? marty ignore hii computer : " 248-234-5853 - walsh , Martin a " replace by ... " 248-234-5100 " - House of pizza . '' marty 's phone number be disappear ... but not fast enough . baste and alex : both look for the paper . baste grab some paper from the printer . marty : Copying and pasting block of number now ... no time to do it one number at a time . marty delete the last couple page of record . baste : try to figure out how to load the paper . computer : marty load the fax program . baste : slam the paper drawer shut . the fax beeps , come to life . computer screen : marty hit " fax . " that annoying Microsoft hourglass appear . the sand start flow down ... marty : bolt out of he chair . run over to the fax machine . fax machine : the 2nd page start to print . oy of marty here . you gotta wiggle ita little . baste no , it 's fine . marty shake the fax machine ... " accidentally " pull out the cord . waah ! the fax stop dead ... the second page half - print . marty shit . marty grab the half - print second page . toss it into the trash . he plug the fax machine back in . control panel : " 2 fax in memory . " marty : on the sly , hit the " delete ' button . control panel : " delete first fax ? " marty hit " yes . " the fax start printing again ... marty glance at the control panel . control panel : " receiving - quicho Police Department . " marty cover the control panel with a box of paperclip . marty walk into he office . marty' office he grab the phone , dial a number . marty ( into phone ) any word , t? tony ( o.s. ; on phone ) they should have them in fifteen minute or so . baste ( 0.s. ) they be come through . marty ( into phone ) alright , let I know . marty sprint into the bullpen . bullpen Alex grab the " phone record " off the fax machine . alex ( off fax ) what 's this ? I can not read this . ov uw marty 's alteration have make the phone record barely legible . alex ( to baste ) tell them to fax ‘em again . baste pick up the phone . marty no , no . it 's we fax . toner 's all screw up . ( off record ) this one 's Charlie Maroni , he 's be friend with Chris since high school ... ext ./ int . police station - minute later ( 1:10 pm ) chae walk into the police station , carry a folder . marty and Alex look over the " phone record . " behind they , the fax machine chirp . alex the last call they make be to american Airlines at eight pm . chae hum the " dragnet " theme . chae the prom King and Queen be already dead when somebody make smore out of ‘em . alex what ? he hand she the autopsy report . chae no sign of smoke in they lung . if they would be alive when that place go up , they lung would look like a tobacco lobbyist 's . Alex look over the report . marty sidle over to chae . marty ( whisper ) I gotta talk to you . baste detective ... baste hand Alex a piece of paper . oy ov baste here 's the cell phone call . marty : oh shit . marty " cell phone call ? " baste yeah , they be on a different database than land line . cell phone record : top two entry read : " 248-234-3494 - town of quicho - 12:23 am . " " 248-234-3494 - town of quicho - 12:18 am . " alex ( off record ) 234-3494 , chae : he know that number . his eye lock with marty 's : what the hell ? alex ( excited ) what time do that old lady say -- baste tt be at the end of leno . Alex start to dial the cell phone number on the speakerphone . marty try to conceal he terror . know that he phone will ring in one second . he turn away from Alex . slip out he cell phone ... start scrolling through the function ... try to find the ringer option ... Alex 's call go through . the speakerphone start ringing . marty' cell phone : marty 's on the ringer function . marty 's cell phone start to ring . marty scroll to " vibrate " ... the phone stop ringing mid-re . speakerphone : continue to ring . marty " answer " he cell phone . marty ( into cell phone ) yeah , hi . hold on a sec . the connection 's go out . speakerphone : second ring . on marty' cell phone : marty scroll through the option ... " phonebook " ... " pager " ... e speakerphone : third ring . marty :!s cell phone : ' voicemail '... speakerphone : the fourth ring ... the click as the call be forward to voicemail . marty' cell phone : marty hit ' off ' on voicemail . marty ( into phone ) that better ?... yeah , I do not know about fishing tomorrow ... speakerphone ( recording ) the cellular customer you have call be either unavailable or have travel outside the call area ... alex shit ! she hang up the phone . @ marty continue " talk " on the phone . baste ( off record ) they must work for the town . alex ( to marty ) how do we find out who 's assign to this phone ? marty ( into phone ) yeah , it 's kind of crazy here . let I call you back . ( hang up , then to Alex ) I do not know . I '11 call over to town hall . alex what 's the number , I will call . marty : ah , ah ... gimme a sec . I '11 look it up . baste e here it be . baste point to a list of number by the phone . oy of ( off account . Alex start to dial the number . chae : watch this ... see marty 's sweat . chae reach over , hang up Alex 's phone . everyone , chae it 's mine . alex what be ? chae the phone . it 's mine . include marty , look at chae , incredulous . alex you phone ? I think you be County -- — chae I work as a paramedic in town part time . football game , school stuff ... the phone 's suppose to be for business . Alex absorb this . Alex nod , chae I be try to call Chris last night . alex for what ? chae I be over at the crowbar . I want he to meet I for a couple drink . take this in . alex you be friend with he ? chae sure . drink buddy . ( beat ) I would have mention it earlier , but , uh ... ( more ) oy will chae ( cont would ) ( chuckle ) to be honest with you , I do not remember all that much about last night . alex so you be at a bar ? chae I , ah , close down the crowbar and then go home with a " friend " of mine . Valerie hanson ... alex where 's she live ? chae over in fallbrook . alex number ? chae ah , 534-2348 . alex and she will say you be there all night ? chae yeah , because I be . Alex look chae up and down , do not believe he kill they . alex you should have tell I about this at the scene . chae and I would have if I do not have about fifteen drink last night . alex I need a statement . chae do it for you right now . chae follow Alex into a office . marty watch they go , relieved . int . marty' office - day ( 1:22 pm ) chae walk in , shut the door . what the -- marty I be sleep with she . not what chae be expect . chae Jesus ... ( shake he head ) so you do not -- ( make explosion sound ) marty shake he head . marty the whole thing , they move back to town . it be all part of they plan . ~ chae hold on -- " plan ? " marty hesitates for a second . marty I give she the sarcetti money . chae stare at he in disbelief for a long beat . shake he head . chae Jesus Christ . ( beat , laugh ) would you have give it to I if I fuck you ? bullpen Alex look at the autopsy report . glance over at marty 's office . marty and chae still talk . marty' office chae there 's no trace of the money ? marty shake he head . chae Christ , and I think I have trouble with woman . chae look out at the bullpen , take in the investigation . notice a copy of the sketch of " marty . " chae ( be : sk they be pret hair . etch ) ty generous with the marty . laugh wearily . chae and you do not think you can explain the whole thing ? marty ( count on he finger ) let 's see , motive : I be the beneficiary on she million dollar life insurance . opportunity : they have get a eyewitness who see I at she house right before it blow up . should I go on ? . chae how 's you alibi ? marty Home , by myself . chae that good , huh ? chae stare out at the bullpen for a beat . marty 's phone ring . he grab it . marty ( into phone ) yeah . tony ( o.s. ; on phone ) they match the print on that thing . the guy 's name be " Paul cabot . " they get he print from he military file . marty you get a address ? tony ( 0.s. ; on phone ) yeah . thirty -six fiske Road , magaway . marty scrawl down the address . marty good job , T. . ( to chae ) wanna take a ride ? int . chae' car - day ( 1:59 pm ) marty and chae drive through magaway , a small suburb . marty scan the address on the house . chae there ! that 's it . chae screech to a halt in front of a dilapidate duplex . ext . duplex - day ( 2:00 pm ) marty try the door . it 's lock . he smashes a window , fish he hand through the glass . pop the lock . int . duplex - minute later ( 2:02 pm ) nobody 's home . marty and chae rifle through the apartment . marty grab a photo off of the wall . photo : Ann , Chris , and frieland ( 5 year ago ) . they be grin , look like the best of friend . marty stare at the photo for a long beat . Ann 's smile taunt he . . chae ( 0.s. ) oh , what tangle web we weave ... marty toss the photo to the ground . go over to chae . chae hold a work id from Detroit mercy Hospital . the name read " Paul cabot - x- ray technician " ... but the picture be of Dr. frieland . int . chae' car - day ( 2:23 pm ) chae drive as marty stare at frieland 's hospital id . chae slam on the brake , come to a dead stop . marty what the hell ?! chae point out two road sign . the sign point in opposite direction . one read " quicho - 1 mile " ... the other read " canadian border - 85 mile . " chae Canada 's nice this time of year . marty Canada 's never nice . ( beat ) you think I be that fuck ? chae it 's the bottom of the ninth and you be down by a lot of run . ( beat ) and I have see you play softball . marty I be glad you still have you sense of humor . chae I have get a couple grand . it will get you down to costa rica . you could scout out some boat for we . marty ' preciate the offer . chae of course , the vig 's twenty point . if you be late with the payment , it get tack on to the principal . marty of course . ( beat ) but I be not run . chae well , the idea be that I would drive you . marty you want to drive I somewhere ? drive I back ‘to the station . chae I will cut the vig to ten point . marty shake he head . chae sigh , then head for quicho . int . police station - day ( 2:43 pm ) Alex and baste be huddle over a speakerphone . alex ( sing with hold music ) " if you like be a pina colada " -- marty walk in . we head over to Alex . marty what 's up ? alex ( to marty ) we get the insurance company on the line . the hold music stop . marty look around , measure the odd . no way he 's go to fight he way out of here . equity life operator ( 0.s. ; on phone ) that policy number correspond to a one million dollar term life insurance policy for a Ann Harrison . marty edge toward the door . alex a million buck ?! ( beat ) — who 's the beneficiary ? equity life operator ( 0.s. ; on phone ) one moment ... he open the door . equity life operator ( 0.s. ; on phone ) ah , here it be . the beneficiary be list as ... marty be out the door . equity life operator ( o.s. ; on phone ) ... Chris Harrison , she husband . alex shit ! marty breathes a huge sigh of relief . Alex notice he at the door . alex where the hell you go now ? marty walk back over to she . marty get some air . it 's stuffy in here . equity life operator ( 0.s. ; on phone ) oh , wait -- alex what ? equity life operator ( 0.s. ; on phone ) get a note here . it seem the policy holder request a form to change the beneficiary last week . alex she change it ? equity life operator ( o.s. ; on phone ) if she do , it have not make it into we system . alex you mean it might be in the mail ? equity life operator ( o.s. ; on phone ) or it could be downstairs in we processing center wait to be -- alex process ? equity life operator ( o.s. ; on phone ) yes . alex can you connect I to the rocess center ? equity life operator ( o.s ; on phone ) they be close on Saturday . alex well get I someone who can open it . ext . equity insurance - albany , new york - day ( 3:01 pm ) int . equity insurance - processing CENTER a security guard flick on the light . four piss - off processing clerk walk in . they take they seat at a long table . processing clerk # 1 we be get ot right ? processing clerk # 2 better be . ' Cause we be gonna miss the god damn Giants game . they equally piss - off boss wheel in a huge mail bin . of o processing clerk # 1 who we look for ? processing boss some bitch name Ann Harrison . they start sorting through the huge mail bin . tearing open the envelope . search for Ann 's policy . int . marty' office - day ( 3:02 pm ) marty be at the computer . look up " Paul cabot . " no rap sheet , no outstanding warrant . marty ( under he breath ) just a law -abide citizen . baste ( 0.s. ) detective . marty look up , see baste call over to Alex . bullpen baste hold a credit card receipt . baste found it wedge under the seat of they car . it 's a credit card receipt from a gas station -- marty join they . alex ( off receipt ) " Paul cabot ? " ( to marty ) know he ? marty shake he head . baste ( look at phone record ) no income or outgo call to a cabot here . alex call the credit card company . see what they get . ( to another deputy ) check every motel and hotel in the area . the word " hotel " hit marty . marty head for the door . start to open the door ... when it 's open from the outside . two men in cheap suit enter the station . man # 1 Chief walsh ? marty ( hesitantly ) yeah . man # 1 agent White . dea . marty smile weakly . int . equity insurance - processing CENTER - day ( 3:04 pm ) the processing clerk begin sorting through the mail bin . int . police station - day ( 3:04 pm ) five deputy be call local motel and hotel ... work the phone like volunteer at a Jerry Lewis telethon . deputy # 1 ( into phone ) yes , I be look for a Paul cabot . deputy # 2 ( into phone ) name 's Paul cabot . marty' office deputy # 3 ( o.s. ; into phone ) cabot . marty 's talk with agent White ... as he helplessly watch the deputy make they call . agent fetzer be on the phone . marty ... what do you want I to do ?! the bank 's close ! agent white ( man # 1 ) you be suppose to have the money here . marty I be sorry , but we have be a little busy . we be try to solve a murder here . will agent white and we be try to break up a drug cartel that murder hundred of people . now , how do I get into that bank ? marty how ' bout robbing it ? ( beat ) listen , I be sorry , it 's my fuck -up . agent white tell I something I do not know . marty I be try to apologize here ... agent fetzer hang up the phone . agent fetzer Stark say he 's get a warrant . should not be more than a couple hour . marty flinch . just a little . but anough . agent white the money be in the bank , right Chief ? marty ( laugh weakly ) no , I steal it . I be go to costa rica . you wanna come ? agent white ( shake he head ) no thanks , I like the cold . marty ( pick up the phone ) I will call the manager at home again . agent white ' preciate that . we be gonna go grab something to eat . ( beat ) some place close by . the dea agent leave . as soon as they be go , marty run for the door . int . marty' truck ~ day ( 3:05 pm ) with marty dig through the crap on the floor of he truck . finally find what he 's look for ... the ramada Inn hotel key he find outside Ann 's house . he dial ramada 's number on he cell phone . ty ( into phone ) Paul cabot 's room . the call be put through . marty hang up . int . marty' truck - day ( 3:06 pm ) marty 's break land speed record on he way to the hotel . int . police station - day ( 3:14 pm ) a deputy slam down the phone . deputy # 1 ( to Alex ) there 's a cabot at the ramada over in amherst ! Alex and baste run to the door . ext . ramada inn - day ( 3:15 pm ) marty slam the truck to a stop . run into the hotel . int . HOTEL room - day ( 3:16 pm ) Dr. frieland ( aka Paul cabot ) talk on the phone . ( note : we will refer to he as cabot from now on . ) cabot ( into phone ) I have already watch the god dam pay per view ... ( listen ) just get the god damn passport ! int . police car - day ( 3:16 pm ) baste and Alex whip down the road . int . HOTEL lobby - day ( 3:17 pm ) marty 's talk with the clerk . marty ( hold room key ) . like a complete idiot I forget what room I be in . the clerk nod sympathetically . on oo clerk happens all the time , Mr. cabot . I just need some id . marty oh yeah , sure . marty pull out cabot 's hospital id . marty wallet 's in the room . the clerk barely glance at the id . clerk room 215 . marty ( " remember " ) 215 . yeah , that 's it . thanks . marty head for the stair . int . HOTEL room - day ( 3:18 pm ) cabot lay on the bed . he hear footstep stop outside the door . he perk up , listen intently . HOTEL hallway marty pause outside room 215 . draw he gun . insert the electronic key . it click open . HOTEL room marty burst into the room . probe everywhere with he gun ... cabot 's nowhere to be see . int . police car - day ( 3:19 pm ) Alex and baste pass a sign read : " ramada Inn - next exit . " int . HOTEL room - day ( 3:19 pm ) marty burst into the bathroom . pull back the shower curtain ... nothing . start check the main room . wham ! with cabot burst out of the closet . tackles marty , throw he onto the bed . marty 's gun fly out of he hand . slide into the bathroom . cabot : jump on marty . start pummel he ... raining punch down on marty 's face . marty : pushes cabot off of he with he leg . cabot slam into a wall . marty : dive off the bed , search for he gun . his hand dart under the bed , probing ... cabot : recover , grab the bedside lamp . he throw the lamp at marty 's head . the lamp glance off marty 's head , dazing he . cabot : pulis marty to he foot ... throw marty into the bathroom . marty bounce off the toilet and crumple to the ground . cabot pull the still - daze marty up by he neck . start choke he . marty ( gasp for air ) eeeee ... marty' face : turn red ... marty claw at cabot 's face . cabot : tighten he hand around marty 's throat . marty : Works he hand down to cabot 's waist ... and grab he ball . hard ! cabot aaah ! cabot reflexively let go of marty . writhes on the floor in pain . marty stand there for a beat , daze . try to suck in as much air as possible . cabot notice marty 's gun on the bathroom floor . reaches for it -- get it . stagger to he foot . turn toward marty . but he never get a chance to shoot . because marty swing the top of the toilet at cabot 's head . the 15 lb. porcelain top hit cabot 's face at about 65 mph ... of no and the law of physics take over ... Bones crack , tooth shatter , blood splatter ... and cabot fall backward into the bathtub ... cyyyh ! his neck snap as he hit the bottom of the tub head first . ext . highway - day ( 3:33 pm ) the police car pass a car as if the car be stand still . int . HOTEL room - day ( 3:33 pm ) marty , in a state of shock , stare at cabot . he take a couple deep breath , try to compose himself . he walk over to the sink . hand shaking uncontrollably , he splashes water on he face . he look at he reflection in the mirror . not the same man he be this morning . he pause , notice something in the mirror . he run into the main room . grab a metal briefcase that 's tuck next to the dresser . tries to open the briefcase , but it 's lock . he fish through cabot 's pocket . find a set of key . marty unlock the briefcase , pop it open ... the briefcase be stuff with $ 100 bill . marty hello , Mr. Franklin . int . police car - day ( 3:33 pm ) Alex and baste be a hundred yard from the ramada . int . hallway / ramada inn - day ( 3:33 pm ) marty stumble out of cabot 's room . head to the stair . ext . ramada inn - day ( 3:34 pm ) the police car screech to a stop in front of the hotel . Alex hustle into the hotel . baste right behind she . int . lobby - ramada inn - continuous ( 3:34 pm ) marty walk out of the stairwell . oo clerk see ya , Mr. cabot . marty ignore he and head to the door . and then stop abruptly . he see Alex , just about to enter the hotel . Alex be just about to see he when ... marty , turn , look around ... search for a escape . he see the elevator and stair . walk / run back across the lobby . the clerk have notice he quick " 180 . " Alex and baste walk in . head for the clerk . marty be almost across the lobby . marty get to the stair . notice a emergency door lead outside . no good -- the alarm will give he away . alex and the clerk : the clerk point to the stair . stair : the door close . Alex and baste bolt for the stair . east stairwell marty take the stair two at a time . not sure what to do . a couple floor below , footstep pound up the stair . alex & baste : rushing up the stair . they can hear marty a couple floor above . marty : get to the 4th floor . throw open the door . run into ... 4th floor hallway marty sprint down the hall , still clutching the briefcase . lobby a couple Security guard spread out . 4th floor hallway marty sprint down the hall , knock over a clean cart . east stairwell Alex and baste come to the 4th floor . the door have not close yet . with he alex I will take four . you keep go . 4th floor hallway Alex run down the hallway . the stairwell door at the other end of the hallway close . west stairwell marty jump down the stair , a half landing at a time ... but then stop . pause for a beat ... stashes the briefcase against the wall . he catch he breath for a second . hear the door open above he . he start run up the stair . run right into Alex , knock she over . alex what the -- marty ( labor breathe ) I pull in right after you . alex he come down -- marty ( shake head ) nobody pass I . Alex consider this for a beat . then turn , start run up the stair . alex I will meet you in the lobby . marty wait a beat , then head down the stair . retrieve the briefcase . cautiously make he way down to the first floor . he open the door and bump right into ... the clerk ! clerk eye : instant recognition . marty' eye : oh shit ! clerk ( yell ) it 's he ! it 's -- lobby with ut baste and a couple of Security Guards hear the clerk . run toward the stair . eh-eh - eh - eh-eh ... the emergency alarm blare . stair baste and the Guards run over . the emergency door 's open . the clerk lie on the floor , unconscious . widen to reveal marty stand above the clerk . the briefcase be not visible . marty ( point out door ) out there . ext . ramada inn - continuous the guard burst out of the door . run past a dumpster ... where the tip of the briefcase stick out of the trash . int . office - ramada inn - day ( 3:40 pm ) the unconscious clerk lie on a couch . marty watch he nervously . he do not want to be here when the clerk wake up . baste walk in , gesture to marty . baste she want to see you upstairs . marty follow baste out . marty catch a glimpse of he neck in a mirror . pull up he jacket to cover cabot 's handprint . int . cabot' HOTEL room - day ( 3:56 pm ) cop be busy dusting the room for fingerprint . cop print be everywhere . alex how long ' till we can run ‘em ? cop couple hour . marty go over to where they be dusting for print . " accidentally " put he hand down . cop Chief ! marty ( " notice " he mistake shit . I be sorry . cop ( shaking head ) that 's alright . we will just get a set of yours to disqualify . marty thanks . marty head over to Alex . cop {under he breath ) idiot . Alex be look through cabot 's wallet . marty ( point to cabot ) this cabot ? alex = ( shake she head ) it 's one of them . the clerk point out cabot when we come in . marty the guy we be chase ? alex yeah . but that be not cabot. ( gesture to cabot ) because cabot be up here take a bath . marty ( " confuse " ) so somebody be pretend they be cabot ? alex that 's what it seem like . we will know more when the clerk wake up . marty he look like he 's gonna be out for a while . alex ah , we will get he some smell salt . or something . cop Excuse I here . marty and Alex step out of the cop 's way . marty I be gonna head back . Alex nod as marty start to leave . alex hey . marty yeah . alex how would you get here so fast ? marty T , uh , hear it on the radio . Alex nod . marty wait a beat , then leave . alex ( into walkie talkie ) yeah , this be Alex . do anybody put it over the radio that we be head to the hotel ? a beat . deputy ( o.s. ; over walkie - talkie ) yeah , I think I hear billy mention it . alex ( into walkie - talkie ) ( smile ) thanks . ( sotto ; sing -song ) paranoid . int . equity insurance - processing CENTER - day ( 3:59 pm ) rip ... rip ... the Processing clerk have multiply to eight now . they be halfway through the mail bin . processing clerk # 1 hey , you know what ? this chick life in Michigan , right ? ( beat ) we should just be look for envelope with Michigan postmark . this epiphany sink in for a beat . of oo processing clerk # 2 shit , you be right . processing clerk # 1 ( excited ) Giants game at my house ! they laugh as they dig in , energize . processing clerk # 2 we should be do in a hour . ( beat ) you , my friend , be middle management material . they just glance at the envelope , check the postmark . int . marty' truck / ramada parking lot - day ( 4:02 pm ) marty talk to chae on the phone as he look out the window . the unconscious clerk be load into a ambulance . chae ( 0.s. ; on phone ) so you kill you only suspect ? well , not exactly the way I would try and prove my innocence -- marty ( rub he temple ) it be self - defense . chae ( o.s. ; on phone ) but you get the money , right ? marty yeah . chae ( o.s. ; on phone ) well get the hell out of here . marty I tell you . I be not run . marty start to pull out . knock ~ knock . marty stop , look out the window . Alex throw open the passenger door and jump in . alex go my way ? marty hang up the phone . int . marty' truck - day ( 4:23 pm ) marty drive . oo will Alex stare out the window . notice a diner up the road . alex ( point to diner ) lemme buy you a cup of coffee . marty what ? alex for the bang - up job you be do . marty ( skeptical ) you want to stop for a cup of coffee now ? alex I need - my fix . int . diner - day ( 4:25 pm ) marty and Alex sit across from each other in a booth . neither say anything for a long beat . marty keep steal look at Alex , try to figure out if she know or suspect that he 's involved . marty be this how the sheriff 's department recommend solving murder now ? alex sometimes it help I to step away for a couple minute . ( beat ) though I do have a ulterior motive . marty and I think you just have a thing for bad coffee . alex it 's not that bad . ( beat , take a sip ) actually , it be pretty awful . she push the coffee away . alex I just want you to know , at that conference -- will marty listen , I be sorry I never call you -- alex no , no . that 's not what I mean . I just want you to know , I be usually not that ... forward . marty except on the second date , right ? alex that be a slight exaggeration to make you feel stupid for not call I . Alex smile at he . and in spite of the day he 's have , marty smile back at she . alex do it work ? marty depend on how slight of a exaggeration it be . Alex smile coyly . marty it do not need to work . right now , I be think not call you be pretty much the stupidest thing I ever do . Alex blushes , touch . and marty be speak the truth . all he can see in Alex be the road not take . and unlike Robert frost , he regret the hell out of he choice . alex now if you say something like that at the hotel , you would not have have to wait for the second date . marty my kingdom for a time machine . a beat . then Alex slam the table in mock anger . alex so why the hell do not you call I ?! ( he do not answer ) be you see somebody else ? marty consider how much he should tell she . after a beat , he nod . marty it start right after I meet you . alex ( afraid to ask ) you still see she ? marty mlaugh wearily ) no . no , it 's definitely over . alex I be sorry . well , actually I be not . I mean -- ( quickly to cover ) do it end badly ? marty ( another weary laugh ) yeah , you could say that . Alex reach over , take marty 's hand . she think he weary laugh be a way to mask the pain . marty look down at she hand on top of he . can not help think of the last woman who comfort he . but when he look up at Alex 's eye he see something he never see in Ann 's -- genuine affection . the moment be interrupt by Alex 's ringing cell phone . alex ( into phone ) yeah ... ( listen for a beat ) we be on we way . Alex snap she phone shut . alex that be baste . we buddy cabot make some call from the hotel before he go to Heaven . marty ( excited ) to who ? alex they be not sure . phone company 's try to run the number right now . marty try to control he excitement . he 's not do yet , not with cabot 's call as a possible lead . with be marty we should probably get back . ty stand up , throw a $ 5 bill on the table . he and Alex head for the door . alex so , after this thing be over , you think you would want to go out ? marty ( point to $ 5 bill on tabie ) ong as this count as we sl rst date . Mo lex punch he good naturedly . she get to the door fir marty push past she , make a big production out of ope : the door for she . Alex make a equaily big production of walk out the door . ext . police station - day ( 4:54 pm ) marty 's truck pull into the parking lot . he squeeze into he parking spot . int . marty' truck - continuous Alex try to open she door , but she can not . marty have park too close to another car . alex pretty subtle . marty what ? alex you parking job . ( beat ) do you really think I be gonna crawl over you to get out ? marty ( sarcastically ) oh , yeah . that be my plan . Alex push marty toward he door . alex why do not we go solve this thing ? ( beat , smile ) then maybe I will crawl over you . marty hop out . Alex slide over to he door . a Post - it note from the floor stick to she shoe . Alex jump out . they start to walk toward the station . Alex stop , mocice a Post - it stick to the bottom of she shoe . marty , oblivious , head into the station . Alex grab the post-it . it read -- " I be sorry . Love , a " she stare at the Post - it for a long beat . wonder what we already know -- that the note be from Ann . int . police station - day ( 4:55 pm ) Alex walk in , look distract . the place be buzzing with excitement . everyone know they be close . Alex look over at marty in he office . he catch she and smile . er - day ( 5:08 pm ) int . equity insurance - processing ce the processing clerk fly through the mail bin . the bin be almost empty . processing clerk # 1 kick -off 's in half a hour ! they kick it up a notch . int . police station - day ( 5:10 pm ) Alex talk to a deputy . alex I want you to go over to the dentist 's office . see if you can find something with Ann 's handwrite on it . the deputy nod and take off . int . marty' office - day ( 5:18 pm ) the pressure be take its toll on marty . Alex walk into he office . marty hey , any word on that phone call ? alex they should have they soon . marty good . Alex watch he -- one think run through she head ... do he do it ? alex oh , and the hospital just call . the clerk just wake up . he should be here in like half a hour . Alex watch he reaction -- do he wince ? marty reat . alex listen , I know it 's premature . but I just want to let you know something about I . marty what 's that ? alex honesty be really important to I . they stare at each other for a long beat . as they speak , neither break the stare . marty honesty , huh ? alex I have be burn before by guy who be not -- marty honest with you ? alex ( nod ) I date a guy for three month before I find out he be marry . marty I be not marry . alex so , I just want you to know , if there 's anything go on with you and you old girlfriend , please tell I now . they eye bore into each other . each wait for the other to break the stare . alex ' Cause I will understand . just do not lie to I . ' Cause I will eventually find out . marty e@ take he Alex continue stare at he . after a beat , she turn and leave . marty watch she as she walk into the bullpen . bullpen she walk over to the deputy she send to the dentist 's . alex do you find anything ? deputy -tshake he head ) sorry . Alex walk over to baste . alex get I the phone record and credit card statement for the = Chief . him ? bast ( gesture to marty ) Alex nod and walk away . marty' office marty see the look baste give he . he turn away . stare out the window . catch he reflection . and he reflection tell he what he already know ... he 's too tired to keep up this charade . he start for the door . his phone ring . he pause a beat , then answer it . marty ( into phone ) Chief walsh . rd ] a long pause on the other line . marty hello ? we ov ann ( 0.s. ; on oh , marty ... oh , thank marty ... marty' face : what ?! his knee buckle . int . cabin - continuous amn sit on the floor of a cabin . her clothes be stain with blood . she look awful . ann oh , marty -- it 's ... nsob } I be so sorry . I be so sorry . [ it be never -- marty ( o.s. ; on phone ) ( beat ) this be a surprise . ann ( sobbing ) oh , marty . there 's so much I have to -- marty . I need to -- marty ( o.s. ; on phone ) you have get a lot of people worried around here , Ann . see , we all get the funny idea that you be dead . ann I ... I be so sorry . I be so sorry ... marty ( o.s. ; on phone ) what about Chris ? Ann look over to she right ... Chris be lay on the floor , dead . ann I , I kill he . I tell he I be go back to you ... I do not care what happen to I . int . marty' office - continuous marty stand there freeze , listen . every fiber in he want to believe Ann . bullpen Alex watch marty . int . cabin - continuous ann he and cabot plan it . they get the body from the hospital . marty ( o.s. ; on phone ) and you switch the dental record ? ann I have to ... he be go to kill I if I do not go along with it . and I be so scared to tell you . I be scared you would not forg I ... and every day I do not tell you be another day I fall more in love with you . ( note : cut between marty 's office and Ann . ) marty' face : soften just a bit . what if she 's tell the truth ? ann another day I could not stand the think of you leave I . so I figure , okay , I will do it . Chris and cabot would get the money . but you would get the insurance money . and you would be able to replace the money you borrow . and then , maybe , maybe , when you find out I be not dead , you might somehow , I do not know , forgive I ... bullpen Alex grab the sketch of " marty . " now she be see the similarity instead of difference . marty' office marty : still on the phone . the logical and emotional side of he brain at war . can she be tell the truth ? marty look out . Alex be watch he intently . he see the sketch in she hand . they lock eye for a beat . marty look away . we a on phone ) marcy . . we can st @ just like we stare out at the bullpen . 1 the people work feverishly to uncover he . marty what about the money ? ann ( 0.s. ; on phone ) I , I do not know . cabot have it , I think but I do not care about the money . I never do . I just care about you . marty be actually buy it . ann ( 0.s. ; on phone ) please ... let ju marty : agonize over the hardest decision of he life . marty ( look outside ) a shit. @ marty' Pov : Robert , the viatical salesman , hop out of a car . marty ( into phone ) gimme you number . ann ( 0.s. ; on phone ) what ? marty gimme you number . ' Cause when I call you back , I be gonna need you to pick I up so we can get the hell out of here . ext . police station - continuous Robert walk to the entrance . int . police station - continuous marty walk / run out of he office . head for the bathroom . he pass right by Robert , who be just enter the station . marty open the bathroom . or rather ... try . it 's lock . ROBERT : look around , see the back of marty 's head . start to approach marty . with 0 ROBERT Excuse I ? marty : ignore Robert . he bang on the bathroom door , quietly , but insistently . the toilet flush on the other side of the door . marty 's praying they be not go to wash they hand . but they obviously practice good hygiene ... we hear the creaking pipe as the faucet be turn on . ROBERT ( annoyed ) Excuse I ? marty pretend not to hear . Robert tap marty on the shoulder alex : hang up the phone . see Robert . the bathroom door open . a deputy walk out . marty quickly jump in . bathroom marty lock the stall . pull out he cell phone - dial 411 . automate 411 voice ( 0.s. ; on phone ) City and list , please . marty Detroit . live gift . a long beat . automate 411 voice ( 0.s. ; on phone ) I be sorry . I do not understand that . City and list , please . marty you gotta be fuck kid I . ( beat ; over - enunciate ) Detroit . live gift . and he wait ... bullpen Alex be seat across from Robert . and she be very interested in what he have to say . un port this afternoon , say that Ann and she husband have die sometime last night . alex and you be sure 3 husband this morni ROBERT yes , around eleven - chi alex {to baste ) where 's marty ? baste I think he just go in the can . bathroom marty 's talk on he cell phone . marty ( into phone ) listen , I need he cell phone number . ( listen ) okay , okay . thank you . he hang up , dial Robert 's cell phone number . knock-knock . alex ( 0.s. ; muffled ) hey , you almost do in there ? I need you for a sec . marty ( to door ) just finish up . int . robert car - continuous Robert 's cell phone sit on the passenger seat , ringing . int . bullpen - continuous Robert scrutinize the sketch . ROBERT could be he , yeah , I mean , eye be closer together , face be a little fuller , and he be balder . but yeah , that 's probably he . Alex nod , satisfied . she head into marty 's office . marty : on the cell phone . ROBERT ( 0.s. ; on voicemail ) hi , you have reach Robert guilette -- marty hang up . marty' office Alex dig around he desk . throw open the drawer . find what she 's look for -- a photo of marty . bullpen Alex come over to Robert . -— deputy ( 0.s. ) Excuse I , Mr. guilette . you office be on line one . Robert grab a phone as Alex reach he . ROBERT ( into phone ) yeah . marty ( o.s. ; on phone ) you know who this be , right ? Robert do . marty ( o.s. ; on phone ) I have get ten thousand dollar in cash if you forget you ever meet I . a long beat as Robert digest this . Alex hand Robert a photo of marty . marty ( 0o.s. ; on phone ) ten grand , cash . you will have it in ten minute . ROBERT : try to decide . alex be that she husband ? ROBERT : look at the photo , listen to marty . marty ( 0.s. ; on phone ) twenty grand ... alex well ? ROBERT : what wi picture ... the phone ... be : civic duty or cash ? ROBERT ( into phone tell they we can not close the deal for less than twenty - five . a beat . marty ( 0o.s. ; on phone ) done . tell they answer in off marty ( o.s ; on phone ) just keep talk once I hang up . ROBERT ( to Alex ; be : photo ) I be sorry , this be not he . bathroom marty hang up the phone . he walk out of the bathroom nonchalantly . bullpen marty head over to Alex and Robert . ROBERT ( into phone ) no , I should be finish here soon . marty ( to Alex ) sorry . it 's all this coffee . what 's up ? Robert " finish " up he call . he turn to marty . stare at he blankly for a beat . alex : watch Robert for a reaction . none . marty who 's this ? Alex look on , surprised . she be so sure . alex uh , Robert gui talk to Ann abo insurance policy . he , uh , buy she marty really ? any idea who she have as the beneficiary ? alex her husband . marty nod , look to Alex . marty notice he photo on the table . he pick it up . marty how would this get out here ? marty scoops up the photsc , start for he office . he stop at tony 's desk . start look around the desk for something . a totally deflate Alex finish up with Robert . alex well , give I a call if you remember anything else . Robert shake hand with Alex and leave . Alex go over to baste . alex get I my hotel clerk . ext . hospital - day ( 5:32 pm ) the clerk , still groggy , be load into a police car . they pull out , siren blaring . int . dea agent white's car - day ( 5:33 pm ) the two dea Agents pass a sign , '' welcome to quicho . " int . equity insurance processing CENTER - day ( 5:33 pm ) Processing clerk # 1 jump out of he seat . he 's clutching Ann 's insurance policy . processing clerk # 1 I get it ! he do a victory lap . High -five he buddy as they all hoot and holler . Giants : gian int . marty' office - day ( 5:33 pm ) marty watch Alex . when she be in a blind spot , he hurry out of walk into the bathroom . th ey be will oo rt h wy a of bathroom marty lock the door . open the window . jump out . ext . police station - continuous marty hit the ground . he duck - walk to he truck . hop in the bed . pries open the window to the cab . int . police station - continuous Alex stand over the fax machine . in the f.g. we see marty crawl into the cab of he truck . int . marty' truck - continuous marty crawl back out to the bed of he truck . he 's drag the metallic briefcase with he . int . police station - continuous Alex grab something off the fax machine . look around the police station . notice marty 's not there . ext . police station - continuous marty run down the street to Robert 's car . ROBERT where 's my money ? marty hand he a stack of $ 100 bill . marty another five for a ride ? ROBERT get in . marty pop the trunk . Alex walk over to baste . alex where 's marty ? wy bast I do not know . check the batt baste walk over tc the bathroom . tries the door : lock . deputy detective . it 's somebody from the insurance company . Alex grab the phone . listen for a long beat . she drop the phone . run to the bathroom . kick the door . the lock snap . she run in . alex shit ! ext . STREET - night ( 5:35 pm ) Robert 's car rip down the street . int . police station - ( 5:40 pm ) total chaos . deputy scurry around like the proverbial chicken san head . but Alex be calm and focus -- the eye of the storm . totally confident she 's go to nail the guy who betrayed she . alex I want roadblock set up at a twenty mile perimeter . get the state police on all the major highway ... the door open . dea Agents White and fetzer walk in . alex can I help you ? agent white for Chief walsh . we be look alex ( laugh ) well you sure as hell come to the right place . ext . highway - night ( 5:45 pm ) a cop car pull up behind Robert 's car . Hit the siren and pull Robert over . int . police station - night ( 5:45 pm ) deputy ocall out ) they just pull that guy over . ext . highway - day ( 5:46 pm ) a cop talk to a very nervous Robert . cop ( to Robert ) pop the trunk , sir . Robert pop he trunk . the cop go over to the trunk ... it 's empty . ext . wood - night ( 5:47 pm ) marty sprint through the wood . he clutches the briefcase as he talk to Ann on he cell phone . marty ( into phone ) meet I at the gower 's old place on Pond Road . ann ( 0.s. ; on phone ) I will be there in ten minute . marty stop run . catch he breath . look at the briefcase . marty they find the money . ann ( 0.s. ; on phone ) what ? marty the sarcetti money . ann ( into phone ) I do not care about the money . Ann stare at the floor . the floor be litter with thousand of $ 1 bill . and a smatter of $ 100 bill . marty ( o.s. ; on phone ) i have get the money with I . amongst the $ i on a money - color piece of 1 place . Love , of paper : " do not spend ann I do not care about the money ... Ann pick up a stack of " $ 100 " bill . thumb it . oa and we see how Chris fuck she ... top and bottom bill : $ 100 everything in between : $ 1 ann I never care about the money . marty ( o.s. ; on phone ) well , you better start caring about it . ( beat ) you should get go . ann I love you ... marty ( o.s. ; on phone ) I love you , too . Ann hang up the phone . she step over Chris 's dead body . walk over to the dresser . stare into the mirror for a beat . take a deep breath . and then ... she smashes she face down on the dresser . ann ( blood curdle ) ahhhhhh ! Ann nearly pass out from the pain . she check herself in the mirror ... a mean black eye start to form . Ann smile . int . police station - night ( 5:55 pm ) Alex pace as she talk to dea agent whit agent weite he be suppose to have it here when we get back . agent weite almost seven hundred thousand . Alex shake she head in disbelief . beep-beep ... beep -beep ... alex shut that up ! beep-beep ... beep -beep ... alex what the fuck be that ?! beep-beep ... beep~beep . everybody look around for the source of the alarm . then Alex see it -- it 's tony 's Palm . she smile as she grab it . the alarm read : " Mom 's birthday . " but Alex do not bother with the alarm . she find the gps application . ext . edge of wood - night ( 6:01 pm ) marty emerge out of the wood . run over to a abandon house . marty throw open the door . run in . int . police station - night ( 6:03 pm ) Alex work the gps application on tony 's Palm . a map of quicho appear . Alex find the " locate " option . a list pop up : '' locate who ? -- Chief , ambulance , Fire dept . " Alex select " Chief . " after a beat , a blink dot appear on the map . int . ann be car - night ( 6:04 pm ) Ann breeze past a road block on the other side of the road . she pass a sign : " welcome to quicho . " va int . house - night ( 6:05 pm ) marty check he gun . then snap the gun shut . put it on the hall table . and then do the only thing he can do ... wait . ext . police station - ( 6:08 pm ) Alex run out of the station , clutching tony 's Palm . she jump into a police car . the car rip out of the parking lot . int . ann be car - night ( 6:09 pm ) Ann gun the car down the dirt road . pass the deputy who be do the house to house search . she turn on to Pond Road . she start " cry . " ann ( into rear view mirror ) I be so sorry , marty ... ( more " pain " ) I be so sorry ... int . ann be car - night ( 6:11 pm ) Ann stop a couple of house down from marty 's safe house . she look around , check for a ambush . nothing . int . house - night ( 6:13 pm ) marty stare out . see Ann walk up toward the house . ke smile , relieved . ext . house - continuous Ann hurry to the house , cautious . int . police car - night ( 6:16 pm ) Alex stare at the Palm . they be get closer to the blink dot . int . house - night ( 6:16 pm ) Ann walk in the house . marty stare at she for a long beat , overwhelm . as she get closer , he notice she swollen eye . she start cry . ann I be so sorry ... softl do not . do not she melt into he arm . he hug she tightly . his eye -- tear up . all doubt wash away . her eye -- cold . scan the room for the money . she notice he gun lay on the table . he break the hug . look into she eye ... which gaze at he , full of love . marty I be worried you be not go to come . ann I be worried you would not be here . marty I be not about to lose you twice . he kiss she . ann we should get go . marty ( smile ) first day of the rest of we life , right ? ann right . he start for the door . after a couple of step , he notice she 's not follow . he turn around ... Ann be face he , he gun in she hand . ann where be it ? marty what 's that say ? fool I once , shame on you . fool I twice , shame on I -- ann where 's the money , marty ? marty I think it do not matter . Ann pull the trigger ... click . marty whocp ... no bullet . marty take a step toward Ann . marty it 's over , Ann . Ann drop he gun to the floor . and pull she gun out of she jacket . ann whoops ... a lot of bullet . she aim it at marty and smile . _ marty freeze -- he be not expect this . ann where be it ? marty slr ene et bang ! she shoot he in the leg . marty fall to the floor , writhe in pain . int . police car - night ( 6:19 pm ) Alex and baste be a hundred yard away . int . house - night ( 6:20 pm ) marty stare at the blood pour out of he leg . then look up at Ann , who stand over he , gun extend . ann where be it ? marty do not answer . Ann aim the gun at he head . slowly draw the gun 's hammer back ... marty okay , okay . ( beat ) it 's in the closet . Ann cautiously walk over to the closet . open it . the briefcase be in there . she pull it out . ry to open it . e@ but it 's lock . ann where 's the key ? marty I swallow it . ann ( smile ) well , I guess I can afford to pay a locksmith . Ann walk over to marty . stands above he . point the gun at he head . the only thing colder than the gun barrel be Ann 's eye . gun' hammer : cock back . start to go forward ... bang ! a beat as time stand still . then Ann stagger for a couple step . and crash to the floor . @ revealing ... a window with a bullet hole behind she . Alex be on the other side of the window , she gun still draw . marty look over to Ann . a pool of blood form around she . Alex burst through the door , gun still draw . marty smile up at she . marty ah ... there 's my knight in shi armor . Alex do not even acknowledge he . she kick Ann 's gun across the floor . check she pulse . nothing . finally , she look over to marty . but she 's not smile . alex you almost get away with it . es marty get away with what ? marty lower he head . do not say anything . she toss tony 's Palm to he . marty stare at the Palm for a beat . Alex take out she handcuffs . marty you be not serious . she point she gun at he . alex you want a match hole in you other leg ? marty hold out he hand . she cuff he . grab the briefcase . tries to open it . marty here . marty fish the key out of he pocket . she take it . open the briefcase . her eye widen in surprise . briefcase : full of newspaper . and sit on top of the newspaper ... marty 's Palm -- the gps application active . marty do you know if tony call he mother to wish she happy birthday ? he 's always forget ... alex ( dawn on she ) you want I to find you . marty nod . marty sure . we have get a second date , remember ? alex why do not you tell I ? marty I could not take the chance that you would not believe I . that you would not let I come and meet Ann . Alex stare at the whole scene for a long beat -- Ann 's body , the briefcase of newspaper , then finally marty . he grine up at she . alex so the money 's back at the station ? marty yeah . ( beat ; defensive } where else wouid it be ? at . police station - continuous m chae climb out of marty 's truck , carry 4 grocery bag . the bag be full cf the evidence money . chae walk into the police station . int . police station - continuous chae walk in . nobody be here -- they be all try to find marty . chae go into marty 's office and open the evidence safe . he stare at the money , then at the evidence safe . chae ( to himself } he 's you friend ... he look at the money , then at the evidence safe . chae {to himself ) a good friend . he pick up a stack of cash . smell it . chae . ( to himself ) but not you best friend . chae 's cell phone ring . chae ( into phone ) yeah . ' ' ov marty ( o.s. ; on peonei everything work out alright ? chae what ? you do not trust I ? marty ( o.s. ; on phone ) Nah , I trust you . I just know you . chae ( sigh ) it would have be a good boat . chae hang up . then , with a heavy heart , he put the money back into the safe . int . house - continuous marty snap he cell phone shut . Alex look down at he bleed leg . alex we should get you to the hospital . marty maybe just a band -aid . marty try to stand up . he fall down from the pain . marty or we could go to the hospital . Alex help he to he foot . she sling he arm around she shoulder and usher he out of the house . alex and on the way , why do not you fill in a couple hundred detail I be miss ? you know , for my report . Alex smile sweetly at he . marty well , it start a couple month ago . ( beat ) actually , it start six month ago . ( beat ) no , no , that 's not right either . ( take a deep breath ) it all start in high school ... fade to black : fade in : ext . cove in costa rica - day it 's the kind of place you see on a postcard . Blue water and white beach as far as the eye can see . marty and Alex sit in a small boat . marty 's fishing over the side . his leg still bandage . Alex be soaking up ray . alex ocheck she watch ) we flight 's in four hour . marty a week 's not long enough . alex well , if it 's any consolation , my mom say we get a foot of snow last night . marty can not wait to get back . marty start up the motor and head into shore . ext . hut - minute later marty and Alex walk hand - in-hand up the beach to a small hut . marty you think we have time for some second date before we have to leave for the airport ? Alex kiss he . int . hut - continuous marty and Alex walk inside . a white - as-a-ghost chae sit on a chair wear a gaudy Hawaiian shirt . marty ( without miss a beat ) Nice shirt . chae I think it work . marty start laugh . marty what the hell you do here ? chae hand he a stack of mail . marty ( incredulous ) you fly down here to bring I my mail ? chae I do not want you to to ruin you credit by be late with you electric bill . marty look at the mail . most of it , include he publisher 's clearinghouse sweepstake envelope , have be open already . chae ( be : open mail ) Long flight . marty flip through the mail . stop at one envelope . pull a piece of paper out of the envelope . well , actually it 's a check . marty Holy shit . alex be everything okay . marty I think we be way past okay here . it 's a check for $ 1,000,000 from equity life insurance company . the lower leave corner of the check read , " policy # 116423 - Ann Harrison . " fade out : the end