first reformed written by Paul schrader ext . first reformed - cemetery - day 1 toller , early 40' , a cleric , dress in a wear black clerical garb like a small town judge , tend the historic cemetery of historic first reformed Church , upstate New York , he face like a half rubbed away engrave on that tombstone , reveal in degree of shadow . his angular body list to the right , as if resisting weight . he be in agony . and he write . toller start a journal still image of first reformed Church , snowbridge , New York , and environ : --a yellow on blue iron historical marker read : '' first reformed Church , organize 1752 , built 1765 . occupy 1776 by New York provisional Congress . Station in Underground railway 1845 to 1850 . place on National Register of historical place . State of New York Education Department , 1934 . '' --a dutch colonial spire church build on a fieldstone foundation under a low fluorescent sky against a mountain ridge . -- oft paint door jamb , slightly askew . -- a ancient churchyard line with weathered grey and uneven tombstone . a fade inscription read : '' ... in memory of effie vei planck bear 16 of February 1737 and depart this life November ... '' CUT to : int . parsonage - den - night 2 a hand write in a black fleck composition notebook . we hear what the writer write : toller ( v.o. ) I have decide to keep a journal . not in a word program or a digital file , but in longhand , write every word out so that every inflection of penmanship be record , every word choose , scratch out , revise to set down all my thought ... in a background a unaccompany keyboard play , '' pass I not ( o Gentle savior ) . '' ..- and the simple event of my day factually and without hide anything . when write about oneself , one should show no mercy . who be you hide from ? God ?... int . first reformed - sanctuary - day 3 -- brochure in a pamphlet rack feature a antique photo of the church . '' a short History of historic first reformed . '' Tours every Tuesday and Thursday at 10 am . -- hand play the keyboard . -- a frame and fade Continental Army flag '' raise at the edifice June 1774 '' hang beside two glass cover bullet hole . -- " from this spot in March 1855 , calvin verlander escort 16 free people of Color to the canadian border . '' toller ( v.o. ) I will keep this diary for one year , twelve month and at the end of that time it will be destroy . shredd , then burnt . the experiment will be over . '' pass I not '' draw to a finish . JOHN elder , 60 , the steel guitarist , step back and take a seat . wider angle reveal the nature of the sanctuary , a functional colonial rectangle line with white paint pews . High stain glass window let light in from above . the wall be line with memorial plaque and remembrance . Seven parishioner stand in the pews . Three single elderly worshipper , one middle age couple and one young couple . a token turnout at best . reverend toller , dress in a collarless cassock , stand at the pulpit . he read from the Heidelberg catechism : toller '' what be thy only comfort in life and death ? '' the parishioner , psalter book in hand , join in the response , they voice a communal mumble : parishoner '' that I with body and soul , both in life and death , be not my own but belong unto my faithful savior Jesus Christ , who with he precious blood hath fully satisfied for all my sin ... '' int . parsonage - night 4 toller write in he journal . his voice play over the read of the catechism : toller ( v.o. ) this thought and recollection be not so different from that I confide to God every morning , when it be possible , when he be listen ... int . first reformed - sanctuary - day 5 the congregant shuffle from they pews , wait at the altar for communion . among they be esther , 40 , a well dress woman and mary and michael , a work class couple in they twenty . Michael stand at a distance as Mary await the communion cup . a older man and older woman fill out the group . John elder assist toller as he offer the silver communion plate and tray hold bread square and wine cup . esther and toller exchange look as she accept the wine . toller ( v.o. ) ..- this journal be a form of speak , of communication from one to the other , a communication which can be achieve simply and in repose without prostration or abnegation . it be a form of prayer . meet mary and michael int . first reformed - vestry - day 6 toller remove he cassock and steal , hang they in the closet beside a alb ( white cassock ) . underneath he wear , as he will always , a wear long sleeve black sweater and black slack . John elder count out the collection from the offertory , place the bill in a small lock box . the Vestry , like the sanctuary , show age and use . one bit of decor contrast with the Old New England ambience of the room : a frame poster of the abundant life in Christ Church of Fellowship , a mega church in a rural set surround by parking space . '' we be spirit-filled ... non-denominational «+. evangelistic ... welcome . '' a smile photo of Joel jeffer , '' head pastor , '' a fit black 60 year - old preacher in a dark T shirt , invite newcomer to service . toller stack the communion plate it on a shelf beside the collection plate . elder there be a leak in the man 's restroom . toller I fix it . elder I be just there . it 's still leak . same place . under the hot faucet . toller do you check the woman 's ? elder the woman 's be fine . do you want I to call the plumber from abundant life ? toller let I have a go at it again . I do not like to be always ask abundant life for little cost here and there . elder they do not mind . that 's what they be there for . you be totally within you budget . toller still ... elder have you post the sermon ? toller I do it this morning . a knock on the door . toller ( cont 'd ) yes ? ( beat ) come in . mary mensana , 30 , see during the service , poke she head into the Vestry . behind she , michael mensana , 30 , sit in a pew . mary reverend ? toller come in . Mary , right ? mary Mary mensana . toller Nice to see you again . mary I want to talk ... John elder excuse himself . elder I ' will be right back . elder exit , close the door behind he . Mary be pregnant . toller what be it ? mary I wonder if you could speak with Michael , my husband . toller of course . ask he to come in . mary not now . he 's get to go to Home Depot and work . he 's fill in . toller Mary , what be it ? mary ( she sit ) I be worried about he . ( he wait ) he 's involved with the Green planet movement . ( toller nod ) he be in jail in Canada . he get out a couple of week ago . he just sit at home . he do not go out . I get he to fill out a temp form for Home Depot , so that 's good . toller be you sure you would not rather go to abundant life ? they have a staff of counsellor who be much more exper ience -- mary no , he will not see they . he say they be more like a company than a church . he say he have talk to you . toller of course . tomorrow ? mary ( nod ) after lunchtime . toller I 'il come to you . ( she nod ) i’1ll need you address . ( more ) toller ( cont 'd ) ( nod again ) can you tell I any more ? mary he apply for compassionate release when he find out . he be at Ft. Providence . they let he out two week ago . toller found out what ? mary that I be pregnant . ( beat ) he say it 's wrong to bring a child into this world . ( beat ) he want to kill my baby . cur to : the parsonage ext./ int . parsonage - night 7 a 19th century brick building stand to the rear of first reformed . Light glow from within . still life tableaus : --a single bed make with military precision -- a shelf of book , '' St. Augustine 's Confession , '' '' Zen and the Art of motorcycle maintenance , '' '' remembrance of thing past , '' '' the Seven Story Mountain , '' '' live buddha , live Christ , '' guideline for mystical prayer '' ... --a medicine cabinet stack with over the counter remedy : pepto bismol , nyquil , immodium , advil , migrane ... int . parsonage - den - night 8 toller write in he journal : toller ( v.o. ) I assist Sunday the youth group at abundant life . the young people be so excited , so full of life . they be open , they welcome communion . maybe I should not care about whether people like I ? do Jesus worry about be like ? 9 int . parsonage - bedroom - night 9 on he rear , he pray at he bedside . 10 int . parsonage - den - night 10 toller pour himself a glass of scotch , sip it . toller 's bed , unmade , messy , empty . toller ( v.o. ) I look at the line I last write with disdain . twelve month ? can I keep up a exercise that long ? I read this word and see not truth but pride . closeup : diary . toller ( v.o. ) I wish I have not use the word pride . but I can not cross it out . if only I could pray . CUT to : toller meet michael 11 ext . corner gas station - day ( omit ) 11 12 ext . suburban STREET - day ( omit ) 12 13 14 15 ext . mensana house - day 13 a woman walk a dog pass . toller park in the drive of a modest house , go to the front door , ring the bell . Mary answer the door , they speak . he enter . int . mensana house - live room - day 14 Inside the house , toller look around as he hand Mary he coat . a frame photo of Mary and Michael side by side hang by door . mary thanks for come . ( about photo ) we honeymoon . a bike honeymoon . Michael mensana join they . he wear khakis and a check shirt . michael Ireland . they exchange greeting . mary thanks for come . would you like some coffee ? toller be concerned about he stomach : toller yes , but ... mary I think we have some tea . toller that would be better . Mary head toward the kitchen as Michael lead toller into a small office . int . mensana house - office - day 15 they sit in the cramped space . the room be fill with book , literature and announcement about ecological activism . comparative graph and global map show the project consequence of global warming : the rise of the ocean , drought , vanish species , migratory pattern . Michael , uncomfortable , shift he weight : michael I do not know why Mary ... toller no reason to apologize . you have be in Canada ? michael Ft. Providence . that be in the mackenzie Delta , way to the north . toller beautiful country , I imagine . michael it be . beat . toller Mary say thing have get you down . michael '' thing ? '' you could say that , yes . Mary , tapping on the door , enter with a cup of coffee and another cup of tea . she close the door behind she . michael ( cont ’d ) Mary be pregnant . toller I notice . how far along be she ? michael twenty week . how old be you , reverend ? ( beat ) toller forty-two . michael thirty -five . ( beat ) ( more ) michael ( cont 'd ) that 's how old we child will be in 2050 . five year older than I be now . you will be seventy - seven . do you know what the world will be like in 2050 ? toller it 's hard to imagine . michael you think ? ( toller wait ) the world be change fast . right in front of we . one third of the natural world have be destroy in you lifetime . the earth 's temperature will be three degree centigrade higher . four be the threshold . Michael hand he a printout rest beside the keyboard : michael ( cont 'd ) ... '' severe , widespread , and irreversible impact '' -- when scientist use word like that -- the National Center of atmospheric Research , lawrence livermore , the potsdam Institute ... Michael stand , hand toller report from various agency , speak as he walk . a gif play on Michael 's computer screen : the computer animation display the mutate planet from 1850 to 2050 - - less green , less ice , more flooding , more drought , decade by decade . toller speak over : toller ( v.o. ) he go on for some time like that . by 2050 sea level two foot higher on the East Coast . low lie area underwater across the world . Bangladesh , twenty percent loss of land mass . Central Africa , fifty percent reduction in crop due to drought . the western reservoir dry up . Climate change refugee . epidemics . extreme weather . closeup of wall map as toller speak over . chart depict the ecological '' nine planetary boundary '' which lie between mankind and extinction . of this four ( i.e. , '' ocean acidification '' ) have be cross '' beyond the zone of uncertainty . '' Three be within the zone of uncertainty , two be as yet undetermine . michael .- the bad time will begin . from that point everything move very quickly . the social structure will not bear the stress of multiple crise . opportunistic disease . anarchy . martial law . the tipping point . this be not some distant future . you will live to see this . my child will experience this ... unlivability . and the behavior it cause ... this ... toller wait until Michael pause and sit . Michael realize he have begin to repeat himself . michael ( cont 'd ) I think something could be do . I think people would listen . toller Mary say you would be willing to talk to I ? michael yes . toller why be that ? michael I respect you . I respect what you have ... be through . toller do you have thought of harm yourself ? michael no . do Mary say that ? toller no , she do not . michael I be not worried for myself . this world will be what it be . ( more ) michael ( cont 'd ) but how can you sanction bring a girl , for argument 's sake let 's say my child be a girl , a child full of hope and naive belief into a world ... when that little girl grow to be a young woman and look you in the eye and say , ' you know all along , do not you ? 's what do you say then ? toller you say what a father have always say . '' I love you without qualification . '' Michael respond with a sardonic smile . toller ( cont 'd ) there be something grow inside Mary . something as surely alive as a tree or a endangered species . something fill with nature 's beauty . you speak of '' sanction '' this birth -- be it really you decision ? do you have that right ? what do Mary think ? Michael do not answer . toller ( cont 'd ) it be she decision ? michael yes . toller you have tell she that ? ( Michael nod ) so it be not about the child . or about Mary . it be about you and you despair . you lack of hope . ( beat ) throughout history human have wake up in the dead of night , confront by blackness . the sense that life be without meaning . the suffer unto death . michael but this be something new . toller man 's achievement have bring he to a great place where life as we know it may cease in the foreseeable future . that be new . we powerlessness . the blackness be not . because we be people of science we like to solve thing . we want rational response . if humankind can not overcome its immediate interest to ensure its survival , that require a rational response . and that response be despair . he let this sit a moment . toller ( cont 'd ) do you believe there be existence apart from this ...? gesture to indicate the material world . michael yes . toller before we ? after we ? michael yeah . they continue as toller speak over : toller ( v.o. ) I feel like I be Jacob wrestle all night long with the angel . Fighting in the grasp . every sentence , every question , every response a mortal struggle . Fighting for existence itself . it be exhilate . Michael bring we back to the moment : michael «+- do you believe in martyrdom , reverend ? toller I be not sure what you mean . michael the Saints of God , the early Christians who would not renounce they faith , the missionary attack in the jungle -- do you believe they die for a purpose ? toller I do . michael every week activist be kill protect the environment . one hundred and seventeen last year . for they belief . Michael point to a photo of a frame middle - age brazilian couple pose in a amazonian log camp . Black ribbon curtain the upper corner . michael ( cont 'd ) josé Claudio ribeiro da silva and he wife Maria be gun down in 2011 in the amazon . they protest free cut of the rain forest . dorothy stang , 2005 , a nun from Ohio . what be the purpose of they death ? in 2010 the ipcc predict that if dramatic action be not take by 2015 , environmental collapse would be irreversible . nothing be do . it 's now 2017 . toller you say you respected I . what I would go through . michael yes . toller you know my story ? michael you be a chaplain . toller my father teach at vmi . I encourage my son to enlist . it be the family tradition . like he father , he grandfather . patriotic tradition . my wife be very oppose . but he enlist against she wish . ( more ) pause . toller ( cont 'd ) six month later he be kill in Iraq . there be no moral justification for this conflict . my wife could not live with I after that . who could blame she ? I leave the military . rev jeffer at abundant life Church hear about my situation . they offer I a position at first reformed . and here I be . toller ( cont 'd ) Michael , whatever despair you feel about bring a child into this world cannot equal the despair of take a child out of it . michael what be he name ? you son ? toller Joseph . michael that 's right . toller the boy throw in the well . michael and you be able to go on ? toller the Old calvinist use to preach a doctrine call the '' unforgiveable Sin . '' you do not hear about it any more . it be the sin against the Holy Spirit . it be the sin against hope . the only sin that lie beyond forgiveness . ( beat ) it come down to choice . we choose hope or despair . we cannot avoid choose . we be not free to not decide . it 's what we truly be . courage be the solution to despair . ( beat ) reason offer no answer . we can not be certain what the future hold . we must choose despite uncertainty . ( more ) toller ( cont 'd ) wisdom be the ability to hold two contradictory thought in you mind simultaneously . hope and despair . a life without despair be a life without hope . holding that idea in you head together be life . itself . pause . the conversation be wind down . look at a lonely liquor bottle : michael be you a drink man , reverend ? he 's invite toller to join he . toller it do not help . michael no , I suppose not . toller finish the last of he tea . toller I will stay as long as you need I . there 's no place I need to be . michael can God forgive we ? for what we have do to this world ? toller I do not know . who can know the mind of God ? perhaps we be a way station . but we can choose . to live the righteous life , to believe , to forgive . Grace cover we all . Michael look away . check he watch . toller ( cont 'd ) we will speak again . promise I that . ( Michael hesitates ) I will not leave until you promise . michael okay . toller tomorrow at this time . after lunch . ( Michael nod ) be you work tomorrow ? 16 17 michael I have not hear . toller so it 's a plan then . tomorrow at this time . michael yes . it 's a plan . toller stand and , unsure what to do , awkwardly embrace Michael . Michael respond . toller open the door , exit , close the door behind he . cur to : moisture against the windowpane ext . parsonage - night 16 snow fall on the parsonage . cur to : int . parsonage den - night 17 toller write in he journal by incandescent light . we see some of he word in closeup as he write they . a glass of scotch rest on the table beside he . toller ( v.o. ) I go over everything that be say , what should have be say , what could have be say differently , what could have be say better . he take a sip . toller ( v.o. ) despair be a form of pride . '' I know that nothing can change and I know there be no hope . '' merton write about this . ( more ) 18 19 20 21 toller ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) despair be a development of pride so great that it choose one 's certitude rather than admit God be more creative than we be . perhaps it 's better I do not say that to he . int . parsonage bathroom - night 18 propping one hand against the wall , toller urinate into the toilet . his urine run dark brown . int . parsonage bedroom - night 19 toller ( v.o. ) who be I to talk about pride ? toller kneel at he bedside in prayer . int . parsonage kitchen - day 20 toller sit at the kitchen table . he tear bread from a loaf , eat it . downs it with a sip of scotch . CUT to : tuesday morning tour ext . first reformed cemetery - day 21 toller , in he civilian clothes , speak with a middle aged couple and a college student in the snowy church graveyard . the guest hold print pamphlet detail the history of first reformed . toller .-- complete in 1765 in a style we now call dutch Colonial by settler in this region with local field stone and timber , first reformed take seven year to build . ( more ) toller ( cont 'd ) the vei planck be one of the founding family . effie 's tombstone date from 1787 . 22 int . first reformed - day 22 the tour continue inside the sanctuary . toller the church be partially rebuilt in 1837 follow a fire . this section be preserve . beside the Continental Army flag , if you look closely , be two bullet hole fire during what be call the skirmish of snowbridge . middle - aged woman do you still have service ? toller oh yes , Sunday service be each week at 10 be . first reformed be the third oldest church in continuous operation in New York State . in a month we will celebrate we two hundred fiftieth anniversary . 23 int . first reformed entrance - day 23 they stand before a breakfront near the entrance . behind the glass be memento of church history and souvenir . toller ...- here be example of the original church chinaware bring over from the Netherlands . and the first chalice . on the lower shelf be souvenir which be for sale . Key ring , pen , postcard , cap and T shirt , although we only have the shirt in size S . we be wait for more to come in . the College Student reach for a cap . toller ( cont 'd ) try it on . one size fit all . 24 25 26 int . first reformed choir loft - day 24 they stand in the choir loft beside a large pipe organ . the College Student hold a '' first reformed snowbridge NY '' baseball cap . toller the pulpit be donate by William mercer in 1879 . the church organ which unfortunately be not work at this time be manufacture by a.g. Hill in England . midle - aged man do you hear the one about the choir mistress and the Minister ? toller no , I have not . midle -aged man she chase he around the church and catch he by the organ . the Middle - age woman elbow she husband as he laugh . toller respond with a polite chuckle . toller I have not hear that one . ext . first reformed - day 25 outside the church , toller wish the group farewell as they thank he . the College Student straighten he new cap as he walk . the Middle - age man walk away then step back to slip a fold bill into toller 's palm . CUT to : abundant life ext . abundant life church - day 26 27 28 the campus like environ of the abundant life in Christ Church of Christian Fellowship : a main Fellowship Hall , several ancillary building and acre of parking . a large sign list the pastoral staff and hour of the service . '' all welcome . '' '' lead pastor Joel jeffer . '' CUT to : int . a.l. fellowship hall - day 27 Inside the main fellowship hall , church worker and volunteer be go about the multiple task which keep the organization hum . the sound of vacuum cleaner . several worker clean the chancel . CUT to : int . a.l. rehearsal room - day 28 Inside the choir rehearsal room , esther lead a group of six teens , three boy and three girl of mix background , listen as esther lead on a capella version of '' washed in the blood '' . '' washed in the blood '' '' have you be to Jesus for the cleanse pow’r , be you wash in the blood of the Lamb ? '' . the teen choir member , well scrubbed and fresh face , brim with adolescent sexuality . reverend toller slip into the room , silently nod to esther and take a seat . the youth choir join in on the next verse . a boy in the second row slowly move he hand behind the back of the attractive girl behind he , let he finger , in time with the lyric , until it gently come to rest above the crack of she buttock . she quickly brushes the boy 's hand away . 29 toller , touch by the melody and lyric , can not help also be draw to the garden of slender thigh , bulg crotch , tight buttock and pert breast , each about to flower and bloom . esther very good . take five . she walk over to toller : esther ( cont 'd ) a penny for you thought . he snap out of he reverie : toller Joel want I to come by . esther nothing serious , I hope . toller I assume not . esther want to have lunch ? toller I have get something after , but , well sure , why not ? esther ( look at teens ) remember that ? toller what ? esther when everything be ahead of you . toller try to tell they that . esther see you then . ( to choir ) '' in the garden . '' CUT to : int . a.l. office corridor - day 29 30 31 toller walk down a office corridor . voice and phone echo from behind close door . his phone ding as he pass a young man carry the hymnal . toller check he message : '' Michael call into work . want to reschedule meeting for tomorrow . Mary . '' toller pocket he phone , enter the open door with the nameplate : '' Joel jeffer , head pastor . '' int . jeffer 's outer office - day 30 two secretary sit at computer terminal in the carpete room . the wall be meticulously hang with award , commendation and famous photo . it feel like corporate headquarters . the first secretary look , recognize he with a smile : 1st secretary reverend toller , go right in . he 's expect you . toller nod , enter jeffer 's office . int . jeffer 's office - day 31 joel jeffer , 60 , look up . toller enter . jeffer Rev. toller . good , sit down . ( to Matt ) Matt , make that two change . toller and jeffer sit . Joel jeffer have a charismatic presence . fit , caramel -skin , gray , he wear slack and a blue cardigan . jeffer ( cont 'd ) need water , anything ? ( toller shake he head ) how be thing at first reformed ? toller good. busy . you know how it be . you do one thing , then the next , then it 's Sunday again . jeffer I want to ask about the 250th reconsecration . it 's right around the corner . toller eight week . jeffer how 's it come ? toller the invitation be be handle by you office . we do not have that many seat . you staff , the elder and deacon , ecumenical representative , the Mayor , the Governor - - there 's no overflow room . the sanctuary , that 's it . jeffer we 'il simulcast the ceremony here in the main hall . that 's five thousand seat . have the reception afterward in the rotunda . be the organ fix ? toller they be wait on part . it 's a bigger deal than they think . jeffer can not have a reconsecration without a organ . ( pantomime play organ ) '' ar mighty fortress be we God . '' do you know Martin luther write that sit in the outhouse . '' a mighty '' ... ( grunt ) '' fortress '' ... ( grunt ) '' be we God . '' toller I think every seminarian know that story . jeffer can not get the image out of my mind . every time we play that song I look at the congregation and know everybody be think the same thing . they laugh . jeffer ( cont 'd ) prepare you remark yet ? toller not yet . jeffer the memorial program come off the press at the end of the month . we be work on my address . when we have a draft I want to run it by you . make sure everything be right . Ed balq would like to meet with we , have a coffee . toller balgq industry ? jeffer he think this be a real opportunity . a important moment in the history of the church , the county . there 'il be national media . toller wow . jeffer look at he . Joel lean forward , strike a personal note : jeffer how be you ? toller Fine . jeffer I mean really . it 's be a while since we have speak . even a pastor need a pastor . we be overdue for a talk . just you , I . toller that would be nice . jeffer you should come around more often . there be so many activity you could help with . the young people really like you . get out of -- what do the kid call it ? the museum ? 32 toller the souvenir shop . they call it the souvenir shop . jeffer you be do a great thing . toller thank you again for the opportunity . jeffer no , we thank you . int . a.l. cafeteria - day CUT to : 32 toller and esther carry trays from the cashier , find seat . the wall be hang with poster of inspirational image , quote and Bible verse . a group of church teens pass by , greeting esther , give toller a wary eye . esther and toller arrange they plate and glass . esther how be jeffer ? toller he want I to meet with Ed balq . ( shed lift she eyebrow ) balgq industry , balq Energy , balq Chicken , balq peanut , balq whatnot . esther why ? toller start to speak but be stop by a short cough fit . he resume : toller it 's all about the 250th reconsecration . balq want to make sure he get proper credit for underwrite it . esther he should . first reformed would be a parking lot if it be not for he . do you see the doctor ? toller I make a appointment . there be a holdup with the insurance . the insurance company make it very hard . esther be not quite sure this be the exact truth . esther well , that 's what they do . you need someone to take care of you . toller esther , we try that . I be not make for that . esther for what ? Love ? you be not make for love ? toller my marriage be a failure . esther no marriage can survive the loss of a child . toller esther . esther be that what you think ? that what we do together be a sin ? that we trangress ? toller I do not believe that . I have see enough real sin to know the difference . okay ? esther ( back off ) okay . I understand . I care about you . I want you to be happy . toller I be happy . CUT to : in the garden 33 34 35 ext . first reformed cemetery - day 33 toller , wear he cassock , lift up a fall tombstone . this seem not so much a practical task but a personal one : a form of be . toller ( v.o. ) some be call for they gregariousness , some be call for they suffer , other be call for they loneliness . they be call by God because through the vessel of communication they can reach out and hold beat heart in they hand . they be call because of they all consume knowledge of the emptiness of all thing that only can be fill by the presence of we savior . int . parsonage - den - night 34 closeup . this word as they be write in he diary . ext . cemetery - day 35 toller 's cell phone ring . he set down the brush , remove he phone from he cassock . mary ( 0.s. ) reverend toller ? toller yes. Mary ? mary it 's I . toller I get you message . about reschedule . mary you must come over . now . toller be Michael there ? 36 37 mary no , he 's at work . you must come over . now . CUT to : toller and mary and the secret in the garage ext . mensana house - golden hour 36 the winter light be fade as toller pull into Michael and Mary 's driveway . she stand on the front porch . toller approach she . mary follow I . they walk around the house to the clapboard garage out back . she open the creaky garage door . they step inside . int . mensana garage - night 37 Mary flip on and overhead bulb . the interior be a collage of tool , trash and abandon project . two well maintain aluminum bike hang on wall rack . mary I be look for some battery . we be out and I think there might be some here , you know , Mary work she way through stack of junk as she reach the far end of the garage where a rectangular wooden box like that use to transport western rifle be stack with discard item . mary ( cont 'd ) I put everything back just as I find it . I want you to see it just as it be . Mary place the object atop the box on the concrete floor , then open the box itself . toller look inside , not sure of what he see . she lift the item inside out so that toller can see it . it 's immediately recognizable from news report and Hollywood movie . toller a explosive vest . mary a suicide vest . other element be here . battery , detonator , tube of jelly . toller look closer . mary ( cont 'd ) he 's be work in the garage . he say he be fix a motor . I do not question he . he 's be so lonely lately I be happy he find something that make he happy . toller furrow he brow . what to say ? toller do you have any ...? mary no. no suspicion . nothing like this . ( look away ) I can not believe this . toller do Michael have any hint you know about this ? mary no. toller when do he come back ? mary later tonight . after close . ten pm . toller okay . I will take this . this can not remain here . I will dispose of it . do not let on . put everything back the way it be . mary be you go to the police ? toller you do not want that , do you ? mary no . toller it would not help . it would only make thing worse . it do no good to threaten he . do not let on you know about this . I will come and see he tomorrow . somehow tomorrow , in the course of we conversation , I will bring this up . mary I be so frighten . toller I do not think Michael want to die . I do not think he want to abandon he child . he be in torment . but there be a end to torment . he need support . be you afraid of he ? ( she do not understand ) afraid he might hurt you ? mary I be afraid for he . toller have other activist be around , call he ? mary nobody . he have no friend . he 's be barely sociable . toller you will stand by he ? mary absolutely . CUT to : discernment 38 39 40 Al 42 int . parsonage bathroom - night 38 toller , use a plunger , struggle with the toilet . it 's back up . he take a bottle of drano , pour it into the bowl . toller ( v.o. ) discernment intersect with Christian life at every moment . listen and wait for God 's wish what action must be take . int . parsonage - night 39 toller lie fully clothed on the bed . toller ( v.o . ) my petty ailment have make I bad tempere . I fight the urge to write down the thought which come to my mind . int . bathroom - night 40 toller be bent over , clutching he stomach . toller ( v.o . ) the desire to pray itself be a type of prayer . how often we ask for genuine experience when all we really want be emotion . my hand shake as I write this line . int . parsonage den - night 41 closeup : clean shot of journal . cur to : come alone ext . first reformed - day 42 43 a white '' bissel Music '' truck be park outside the church : '' pianos organs - - sale , service , repair , move . '' CUT to : int . sanctuary - day 43 two bissel repairmen have open the pipe organ cover and expose its inner working . one sit at the keyboard as the other adjust the ancient pipe . familiar sound of organ note echo through the church . toller I do not expect you for another two week . 1st repairman we get a message from the boss . he say it be a top priority . 2nd repairman you be have a big event here ? toller it 's the two hundred fiftieth anniversary of the Church . they be expect a lot of important people . the repairmen seem impressed . the lst repairman testing , play the open note of '' a mighty fortress be we God . '' toller smile . toller 's cell phone ding . he take out he phone , check the message . there be a message from Michael : '' meet I at the westbrook Park Trail . East entrance . the red diamond trail . come alone . '' toller punch in a phone number . Mary answer . toller ( cont 'd ) Mary , this be reverend toller . be Michael there ? mary no . toller do you know where he be ? 44 45 mary he 's out . toller do he come home last night ? mary yes . he leave without say anything this morning . ( beat ) reverend ? toller yes. mary he be up during the night . cur to : the red diamond trail ext . westbrook park -— day 44 toller exit he Toyota in the parking area by the ice cover pond . Michael 's car be park nearby . geese scatter as he check the trail map . he locate the red diamond trail , head that direction . ext . trail - day 45 walk up the wood path , toller be soon surround by tree and greenery . he might as well be in the wilderness . he proceed along the trail with increase forebode . toller Michael ? ahead , he see what he fear : two work boot emerge from the underbrush . a shotgun lie nearby . toller walk beside Michael 's body . he look to recognize he but realize the body have no head . it have be completely blow off . just a massive red stain . stepping further he locate the remain of Michael 's skull . 46 47 he take out he phone and dial 911 . ext . westbrook parking area - day 46 a ems truck and two police car sit in the parking area , they light flash . ext . westbrook park trail - day 47 the area around Michael 's body have be cordon off with crime scene tape . two ems worker lug a stretcher up the hill as a crime scene photographer take picture . toller stand beside the local sheriff . the sheriff , hold Michael mensana 's wallet , look at the phone text message toller show he . toller he have be fight depression . we be suppose to meet again today . I know he be in trouble , but I do not foresee this . sheriff be you in touch with the immediate family ? toller his wife Mary ask I to meet with he . sheriff do she know about you text ? toller no . but she be concerned . we both be concerned . sheriff have you notify she ? toller no. sheriff I guess that 's where I be head . toller can I come along ? 48 49 sheriff ( nod ) I know he father . toller what be he like ? sheriff a businessman . morbid son of a bitch . I guess it run in the blood . the crime scene examiner indicate he 's finish , wave forward the stretcher bearer . CUT to : michael' last wishes ext . mensana porch - day 48 toller and the sheriff stand on the porch speak with Mary . toller hold she as she sob . after a few more moment the sheriff excuse himself and walk to he patrol car . drive off . toller and Mary step inside . int . live room - day 49 toller look around , take a seat . she return with he tea , take a seat . mary have you tell anyone ? toller ( shake head ) if you find any more ... similiar thing , just discard they if it 's safe . bury they , burn they . Michael be troubled but he cause be just . there 's no reason to bring disrepute on that cause . ( beat ) be you a activist as well ? mary I share Michael 's belief . but I want to live . I want to be a mother . I want to have this child . toller do you have family nearby ? mary my sister . she 's in buffalo . toller have you speak with you doctor ? I be not sure what medication be permissible during pregnancy but I be sure he can give you something to relax you , help you sleep . she nod . toller ( cont ’d ) he have be in the garage ? mary yes . toller and say nothing ? mary no. toller this be cut and dry from the police point of view , but it might be good to straighten up he office . remove he laptop . she stand . mary he leave a message for you . she walk in Michael 's office , return with a seal letter envelope , hand it to he . it 's label : '' for reverend toller '' toller hesitates , then unseal the envelope . the letter read : michael mensana last will and Testament instruction for my internment toller wince . mary I know . toller what ? mary he be absent . he be become someone I do not know . even before I be pregnant . he be so full of anger . toller ( v.o . ) I stay while she call she sister . her sister be go to drive down . her parent would come for the final rights . CUT to : that night 50 int . parsonage - night 50 toller write in he journal . toller ( v.o . ) a terrible night . no sooner than I shut my eye desolation come upon I . what be one 's last think as you pull the trigger ? '' there go my head '' or '' Jesus watch over I ? '' or neither ? I be go to tear this page out . this journal bring I no peace . it 's self - pity , nothing more . toller , at he computer , research '' hanstown , NY . '' Michael will and testiment lie open beside he . '' hanstown paint Works and storage . '' he bring up image . a red triangular pollution warning sign stand next a rusting ship . '' groundwater around the site be later find contaminate with arsenic , lead , pcb . '' toller ( v.o . ) I awoke at three with a cry . it have be five month since I sense the first warning sign . 51 52 53 54 ext . first reformed - night 51 toller walk the dark path from the parsonage to the Church . toller ( v.o. ) I go into the church and fall asleep on a bench . int . first reformed —- sanctuary - night 52 he go into the sanctuary , curl up on a pew bench . toller ( v.o. ) how easily they talk about prayer that who have never really pray . CUT to : old rockin 's cross ext . first reformed - day 53 plexiglas sign : '' February 6 , 250th anniversary and reconsecration service . '' CUT to : int . sanctuary - day 54 John elder play the newly repair pipe organ , start with the open cord of '' Old rugged Cross . '' a smile spread across he face : '' so I will cherish the old rugge cross , till my trophy at last I lay down ... '' elder this sound great . I be go to have to sharpen my chop for the reconsecration . do you know what they want to play ? 55 56 toller not a clue . abundant life be handle the invite and seating . basically I be go to introduce Joel , he will give a little spiel , introduce the Governor , maybe Ed balq . elder why he ? toller it 's sort of he deal , I guess . he 's underwrite everything . he pay for the organ . there 's another music thing I want to talk about . elder up the tempo of '' Old rugged Cross . '' soon it 's move at a be-bopp clip ( '' Rockin 's around the Christmas Tree '' ) . toller wave he off with a laugh . toller ( cont 'd ) actually , it 's a sad bit of business . the Michael mensana memorial . the scatter of he ash . he ask I to arrange it . elder he ask you ? toller he leave a letter . he have some request . cur to : youth ministry ext . a.l. church - day 55 the abundant life Church in Christ and Christian Fellowship . CUT to : int . a.l. bookstore - day 56 57 toller wander through the expansive abundant life bookstore and gift shop . one wall display abundant life publication . pastor Joel jeffer smile face beam from a wide assortment of book , CD and dvd . elsewhere clothes rack be hang with abundant life hoodies , t-shirt and polo . he step over to the counter which display pen set , wristband and lanyard . the young female clerk notice he : clerk reverend toller , can I help you ? toller I have be meaning to come in . we have run out of first reformed t-shirt . we have some small size , but not the other . int . a.l. meeting room - day 57 toller sit with roger , 27 , a muscle youth minister , and a group of young people in a church meeting room . Roger , ina black T shirt , have Bible text tattooe along he bare arm . jason , 18 , offer testimony : jason ...- since I make my commitment I have feel the Lord move in my life . if happiness come in pill size it would have '' jc '' stamp on it . continuous release size . I wake up feel better . my relationship be better . I get a raise last week . I find myself in prayer without even think about it . toller do not know quite how to react . Jason be so clearly spout what he think he be suppose to say it 's hard to know where the truth begin . roger thank you , Jason . that 's very inspiring . praise Jesus . my every breath be a prayer . thought , reaction ? after a moment , cynthia , 17 , half raise she hand . roger ( cont 'd ) yes , Cynthia ? cynthia Three month ago my father get laid off . he can not find any work . nobody love the Lord more than my father . he 's always testify , he volunteer . do he do something wrong ? roger reverend toller from first reformed be site in with we today . how do you answer that , reverend ? toller there be some church people , good Christians , who make a connection between godliness and wealth , but that 's not what Jesus teach . that 's not what he live . there be no dollar sign on his pulpit . there 's no american flag either . no , Cynthia , you father -- jake , a arrogant kid , interject : jake Christians should not succeed , that what he mean . Christianity be for loser . roger ( reprimand ) Jake . jake I get tired of '' turn the other cheek . '' Jesus do not turn the other cheek . why stand for anything ? take prayer out of the school , give money to people too lazy to work -- and whatever you do , do not offend the Muslims . 58 int . cafeteria - day 58 toller sip tea with Joel jeffer in the near empty room . lunch hour be past . toller what be it ? honest , Joel . I bring up the poor and the next thing a teenager act like you just shit on the american flag . forgive my language . jeffer Roger tell I . toller he 's a good man . jeffer he say you keep you cool . he admire you for do that . toller everything be so extreme . there 's no middle ground . we versus they . we be right , they be wrong let 's go to war . jeffer it 's the time . this be frightening time . this kid grow up in a world we can hardly imagine . a sea of pornography from the time they be ten year old , hyper violent video game , a world without privacy , each kid isolate , communicate through media . a world without hope . raise on a diet of terrorism , nuclear threat and global warming . you do not know what it 's like to raise a kid in this -- toller I do raise a kid . jeffer I do not mean it that way . they be frighten . they want certainty . do not think , follow . they fall prey to extremism . jihadism be everywhere . ( gesture ) even here . toller that 's not the church that call I . 59 60 61 jeffer nor I . we mission be to be inclusive . we be a union of believer . that 's why we have the architecture we do . we must listen , guide , encourage young member to express themselves and not judge they . we must lead by example . ( beat ) we must be patient . CUT to : soup kitchen ext . inner CITY - day ( omit ) 59 int . soup kitchen - day 60 reverend toller , wear a clerical collar , white apron and a white paper hat , stand next to another volunteer dish out hot lunch to a line of man and woman on society 's margin . a sign read , '' the free meal Center . volunteer and donation support out effort . '' esther also work as a volunteer . she 's here because toller be . she glance at he . he look away . while do so , he tip a lunch tray into the hand of a paraplegic war vet in a wheel chair . Soup and pork and bean spill on the vet 's lap and onto the floor . the vet , unkept , bearded , wear military patch on he army jacket . a tiny american flag be fix to the back of he wheel chair . toller apologetically kneel down , attempt to right he mistake . esther join bear a roll of paper towel . CUT to : till my trophies I lay down ext . hanstown kill - day 61 a line of car be park along a two lane road beside the brackish kill . a makeshift platform have be erect beside the pollute greenish stream . the hanstown paint factory , dilapidate , desert , stand in the distance . a red triangular sign picture a gas mask above the word '' pollution . '' twenty mourner have assemble for the memorial . for the most part they be Michael 's friend and fellow activist . Mary be there with she parent , she sister and brother - in - law and they young child . as be esther with she a capella choir group . a mourner record with a digital camera , pan from toller to Mary 's nephew who react to the foul smell creek . John elder stand at he keyboard . toller read from he wear Bible : toller then the Lord speak to job out of the storm . he say : '' who be this that obscure my plan with word without knowledge ? where be you when I laid the earth 's foundation ? who mark off its dimension ? who laid its cornerstone while the morning star sing together and all the angel shout for joy ? '' ... timecut . Mary stand beside toller hold a plain urn bear Michael 's ash . toller ( cont 'd ) this surroundings be choose by Michael as the repository for he physical remain . I say physical because Michael 's spirt and memory live on with we . as do he mission . Michael care about this world . perhaps too much . suffer do not hold . be not the last word . resurrection have sway . he 's go but not he mission . it life on within we . Mary will lead family and friend in the spread of Michael 's ash as the abundant life youth a capella choir sing a song choose by Michael . esther escort the four person youth choir up the step onto the platform . they wear match khaki pants and blue polo . they arrange themselves , look at esther . she blow she register whistle , cue they to begin . 62 63 the youth choir perform a a capella version of Neil Young 's '' who will stand up ? '' . Mary follow by immediate family and friend walk to the pollute creek carry the urn . they take turn distribute the ash into the foul water . beginning with the second version John elder underscore the youth choir . the mix of the music , harsh lyric , barren landscape and solemn occasion create a surreal tableau . CUT to : meet edward balq ext . millie 's pancake house - day 62 a 80' restaurant in a strip mall complex . a black suv pull in front . the driver get out to open the rear door but the door open before he reach it . edward balq , 65 , step out wear a off the rack suit and hold a large envelope . balq check he watch , speak to the driver , hold up he phone . the driver nod , get back in the suv as balq enter the restaurant . int . pancake house - day 63 balgq be greet with smile and hellos . the owner shake he hand as he lead balg to he regular table in the rear . reverend toller and pastor jeffer , seat together , look up as balq walk over , shake Joel 's hand . balq sorry I be late . get hold up . jeffer you know reverend toller . balq just by sight . Ed balg . good to meet you . toller greet he as Ed sit . balq ( cont 'd ) ( to owner ) bring I a coffee . and the apple pie . ( to toller and jeffer ) the apple pie -- I know it 's a cliche . organic . they make it right here . local. ( beat ) I have get a surprise for you . balgq set he phone on the table top , open the manila envelope . he extract two 8x11 softbound book , pass they over : balq ( cont 'd ) I stop at the printer on the way over . the cover of the booklet feature a 18th century draw of first reformed with the title : '' first reformed Church , 1765 - 2015 , 250 year of faith and service . '' jeffer they do a great job . toller and jeffer page through the handsome booklet . there be photo from colonial time , the fire of 1837 , a lake side church picnic , a funeral in the churchyard . on the back cover be a picture of abundant life and insert photo of pastor jeffer . balq all the guest at the reconsecration will get a copy . there will also be a mailing . and of course it will be available in the bookstore . how be the plan come ? jeffer the organ 's be repair ? toller it sound better than ever before . jeffer we have draw up a seating chart . jeffer pass the seating chart to balgq who give it a quick once over as a waitress bring he coffee and pie . jeffer ( cont 'd ) Mayor Wilson and the Governor will be there . head of National Association of Evangelicals , representative from ncc , the Office of the chaplain . then of course the people from the business community , the financial community ... toller , paging through the book , come upon a two page spread picture all the minister of first reformed from colonial time to present and they date of service . toller ( v.o. ) all that mighty man of God , servant of the cross . year of service -- baptism , confession , funeral , sermon . the hour in prayer , the affliction suffer . do God give they strength ? do he hear they ? balgq 's phone chime . he look at the message , ignore it . jeffer ... reverend toller will introduce I , I 'il introduce the Governor . there will be a song selection . the main choir will perform at abundant life -- balq there will not be anything political will there ? jeffer no , why would there be ? balg pick up a fork , turn to they : he show it show hanstown headline balq do you mind ? ( they demur ) I ask because this be bring to my attention . ( unfold a sheet of paper ) it 's a print - out from a website . they a page from the Environmental action website . a photo of toller in he clerical robe on the Creek platform as esther lead the youth choir . the read : '' solemn Memorial for Michael mensana . '' balq ( cont 'd ) both first reformed and abundant life be mention by name . ( pause for effect ) this be a political event . Neil Young ? jeffer look to toller . toller I be respect the wish of the decease and the widow . this be they instruction for the memorial service . balq at a toxic waste site with the press in attendance ? toller the press be not notify . this be mensana 's friend . balq it be a political act . you and the choir represent the abundant life Church . the hanstown kill site , by the way , be not even pollute . it be clean up with EPA superfund . jeffer hanstown be not --— ? balq of course not , but give I some credit . I be in the energy business . it 's my business to stay inform . jeffer sorry . reverend toller do not understand the implication . they turn to toller for a response . toller mind if I ask a question ? balq go ahead . toller will God forgive we ? ( balg be confuse ) will God forgive we for what we be do to he creation ? ( more ) toller ( cont 'd ) that be the question Michael mensana ask I when I visit he . balq there 's a lot of loose talk about environmental change . toller there be a scientific consensus . ninety - seven percent of the scientific community . the '' other '' side consist of lobbyist and pay denier . toller ( v.o . ) the man who say nothing always seem more intelligent . why could not I just keep silent ? balq it 's a complicated subject . toller what be the benefit ? cui bono ? setting aside the biblical call to stewardship , who profit when we soil we own nest ? what be to gain ? balq could we just agree to keep politics out of the reconsecration service ? toller what God want -- balq you know the mind of God ? he speak to you personally , tell you his plan for earth ? ( shift tone ) look , I understand you be upset . you find the body , correct ? toller nod . jeffer how ? toller we be suppose to meet . he texted I the location . balq and you counsel he , reverend ? toller yes . balq you counsel he . then he shot himself . toller yes . his point be make . balq I think you need to step back , reverend . look at you own life before you criticize other . CUT to : idyllic respite 64 ext . bike trail - day 64 reverend toller and Mary , bundle up , bicycle along a idyllic rail trail convert for jogging and cycle . she smile . toller downshift , relax . for the moment they seem to have leave they care behind . toller ( v.o . ) Mary and I ride the rail line trail . I have not ride a bicycle I think in twenty year . I be afraid I would fall . it be amazing the simple curative power of exercise . it 's God give . they ride down the crest of a hill and around a turn . toller smile for the first time . CUT to : 65 ext . mensana house - garage - day 65 Mary watch toller lift a aluminum bike , place it on the wall rack in the garage . mary thank you again . Michael and I use to cycle twice a week . I miss it so much . toller it 's be a long time . I enjoy it . but it be under protest . mary because ? ( indicate she stomach ) I ask my doctor . toller just the same . mary can I ask another favor ? toller what ? mary would you box up Michael 's clothes ? or find someone to do it ? toller be you sure you want to give they away so quickly ? mary not give it away . just box they up . it just so difficult to be surround by all that smell . memories . toller I can do it . he look at where the vest be hide as he close the garage door . they walk to the house . toller ( cont 'd ) have you decide ? mary the rent be pay for two month so there 's no hurry . i’11l move in with my sister and brother - in - law until the baby be bear . toller you will relocate there ? mary I do not know . she 's already contact a obstetrician . toller a boy or a girl ? mary my next visit I ' '11 find out . 66 int . mensana house - day 66 they step inside the live room . he nod . toller something I have be meaning to ask , if it be not too painful . ( she nod ) do you think he would have really harme someone ? mary he would be involved in non violent protest , we both have , he have be put in jail . he could lose he temper , start yell at the police . but no , I do not think he be violent . toller I just wonder if I should have do something differently . mary he do not want to live . ( toller nod ) he be not a religious man , you know . he do not care for the church . that be I . I be the one who ask he to come . I be raise in the church and I have never be able to quite let it go . when I be in a strange city I will just go ina church and sit down . I be the spiritual one . 67 mary ( cont 'd ) thanks . toller I ’1ll get some box . come back later to take care of the clothes . mary before you go , would you pray with I ? he appear uncertain . mary ( cont 'd ) I find it difficult to do alone . the word do not come . be you uncomfortable with I ask that ? toller no . of course not . he clasp he hand , lower he head . she follow suit . CUT to : michael' file int . parsonage - night 67 toller write in he journal : toller ( v.o. ) I speak and the word come out of my mouth . '' by thy word you shall be justified and by thy word you shall be condemn . '' timecut . toller go through the box bring back from Michael 's garage . the explosive vest be in a box to the side . he look through the file box . Michael 's frame photo of josé Claudio ribeiro da silva and Maria do espirito Santo rest on the counter . toller sip a drink of scotch , grimace . he remove a series of paperback with dire title : '' we once and future Planet , '' '' plant at the margin , '' '' Earth under Fire . '' timecut . toller boot up Michael 's laptop . a series of icon and document appear on screen . he examine the file : this fragile Planet . top 100 Polluter . 68 Environmental deregulation . timeline . bhopal . marcal River . Arctic melt. Ghana . Security precaution . UN resolution . Scientific association . a encyclopedic reservoir of research . toller click the '' top 100 Polluter '' file . a number list appear : monsanto . shell. kohle. conoco. balq . he open the folder . the first document be a balq industry quarterly report . he open it . a smile photo of Edward balq accompany a welcoming message . a menu appear on screen under the title '' balq '' with subcategory : '' domestic division , International partner , Shell company , political contribution ( est ) , political action group , charitable contribution , litigation , EPA & iec report . '' toller take another drink . toller ( v.o. ) I can no longer ignore my health . I have postpone my checkup too often . yesterday I literally could barely stand . he click through the entry . it 's a chill progression . balg Energy , through its partner and shell company , be under investigation on four continent . balq be a equal opportunity polluter . toller ( v.o. ) no . I have not lose my faith . he click on the balg sub category '' charitable contribution . '' there it be , between the ballet and the nature conservancy , the abundant life Church in Christ and Christian Fellowship . cur to : medical exam ext . first reformed - morning 68 toller kneel by the new plexiglas church sign beside a box of plastic letter . he place the black letter one by one on the rack , spelling out the message : will GOD forgive US ? 69 70 71 72 73 ext . parsonage - morning 69 in the rear of the parsonage , John elder go through the trash , separate the glass , plastic and metal recyclable . he can not help but notice as he drop bottle into the bin . one empty bottle of scotch after another . follow by a empty bourbon bottle . ext . / int . toller 's car - inner CITY - day ( omit ) 70 ext . memorial hospital - day 71 he pull he Toyota pull into the parking structure . int . memorial hospital - night 72 montage of shot from a physical examination : --a scale be adjust to record toller 's weight --a doctor take he temperature -- blood pressure take -- the Doctor tap he back -- urine collect -- blood draw -- chest x- ray cur to : parable of the rich man ext . first reformed - morning 73 Sunday morning . tableaus of first reformed . '' will God forgive we ? '' the sound of the organ come from within . 74 int . sanctuary - morning 74 ten worshiper be assemble in the sanctuary . Mary , wear a smart coat , sit alone . reverend toller , sit in the first pew , take a antiacid from he pocket , slip it in he mouth . timecut . toller , at the pulpit , read from the lectern Bible . toller '' , .. and he say I will pull down my barn , and build great and I will say to my soul , take thine ease , eat , drink , and be merry . but God say unto he , thou fool , this night thy soul shall be require of thee . so be he that layeth up treasure for himself , and be not rich toward God . and he say unto he disciple , take no think for you life , what ye shall eat ; neither for the body , what ye shall put on . the life be more than meat , and the body be more than raiment . '' timecut . John elder speak with esther as they straighten the psalter . elder he be out most of Friday . esther he go to albany ? for he checkup ? elder I kind of ask he but he do not volunteer anything . you know how he be . esther perhaps I can check . elder esther . esther it 's just that ... elder I know . 75 76 they reach the front of the church . the door outside be open . through the door esther see toller speak with Mary . he be smile . she be stung by jealousy . diagnosis ext . memorial hospital - day a grey morning . int . medical office - day CUT to : 75 76 toller sit opposite a white coat doctor . toller 's x- ray be on a computer screen . doctor we like to do a gastroscopic exam . we lower a fiber optic camera down the throat and esophagus and take a look around . it 's a outpatient procedure with local anesthetic . you should be able to leave by mid afternoon . toller that do not sound good . doctor we want to check for evidence of malignancy . toller Cancer . doctor it 's a possibility . Cancer be not the fearsome medical foe it once be . toller what be the treatment ? doctor it depend on how advanced the tumor be . you state that you have be experience discomfort ? ( check record ) six month ? ( toller nod ) diet , medication , chemo , even surgery . we have a variety of diagnostic tool . have you have bloody stool ? toller yes . doctor how recently ? ( no response ) I would like to schedule the gastroscopy as soon as possible . we have a open slot the week after next . what be you diet ? toller I get hungry , I eat . doctor do you smoke ? ( toller shake head ) drink ? toller in moderation . doctor that need to end . I be write a prescription that will help with the stomach pain . I want you to take nutritional supplement . you should put on a little weight . nutrihelp be a good over the counter supplement . drink a bottle morning and night . be you in pain now ? toller no. actually , I feel quite good . CUT to : prayer chapel 77 78 ext . abundant life - day 77 a snow plow maneuver through park car . int . a.l. media CENTER - day 78 State of the art communication hub . sign on the wall : '' balq media Center . '' media center employee sit at high tech work station . a global plexiglas map with sparkling light and line illustrate the worldwide evangelical partner of the abundant life Church . Joel jeffer , dress casually , address the camera in a SMALL studio . a camera assistant clap a electronic clapboard say : camera assistant Joel jeffer , Daily devotion number 174 , take 2 . pastor jeffer read from the teleprompter : jeffer '' refrain from anger and turn from wrath ; do not fret -- it only lead to evil . psalm 37:8 . we tend to think that a little anxiety and worry be simply a indication of how wise we be yet it 's a much better indication of how wick we be . fretting arise from we determination to have we own way . we Lord never worried and be never anxious , because his purpose be never to accomplish he own plan but to fulfill God 's plan ... '' esther look out door , notice toller walk down the corridor . she say to mixer : esther I will be back in a bit . 79 80 she rise from she seat , walk out . int . a.l. SOUND studio - day ( omit ) 79 int . a.l. corridor - day 80 esther catch up with he . esther reverend . toller hello , esther . esther I do not know you be come . toller Joel 's office want to go over the reconsecration program . have he discuss it with you ? esther ( nod ) I all be at first reformed . stanley will be with the full choir here . the acoustic will be wonderful . I mean , wonderful . do you hear from albany ? toller ( wary ) yeah . esther what do they say ? toller nothing much . more test . esther a gastroscopy . how do she know this ? toller and you know this how ? 81 esther ( give it up ) I call . ( explain ) I be worried about you . toller open the door to the prayer Chapel , motion for she to follow . they step into the darken austere room . int . prayer chapel - day 81 he close the door . he take she shoulder : toller leave I alone . esther I just want -- toller I know what you want . I can not bear you concern , you constant hover . you neediness . it 's a constant reminder of my failing and inadequacy . you want something that never be and never will be . she start to cry . she seek comfort . he do not offer it . esther do not make I do this . toller do not you see yourself ? esther you do not take care of yourself . toller I despise you . I despise what you bring out in I . you concern be petty . you be a stumbling block . CUT to : feeling better 82 83 84 int . parsonage - night 82 toller write in he journal : toller ( v.o ) I suddenly feel much better . I awoke early , clear-head and immediately set about my daily task . int . parsonage bathroom - night 83 after brush he tooth , toller stop to examine he face in the mirror . he have lose weight . his skin seem a bit on the yellow side . int . parsonage - night 84 timecut . night . toller , in think , walk around the parsonage . he go to the closet , remove box where Michael 's explosive vest have be place . he remove the vest , examine the disconnect detonator wire . it 's a fearsome sight . timecut . he research type and characteristic of suicide vest and belt . some of the literature be in English , some in Arabic . there be five type of vest , some utilize dynamite , other semtex , other c4 . they vary in design and detonation feature . toller locate the vest before he : '' semtex Blocks # 2 . Hamas style . '' foil wrap 2500 gram vertical rectangle of semtex attach to a velcro belt with bungee cord and connect by wire to a push button detonator . he examine the vest . it 's beautiful and simple in design , power and intent . web image show gif of a suicide bomber attack . timecut . he write in he journal . next to he rest a half fill glass of scotch . he pour pepto bismol into the whiskey glass . pink viscus fluid diffuse through clear amber . he take a sip . 85 85 a 86 87 88 timecut . toller lift the vest , slip he arm into the strap , connect the velcro tabs , look at himself in the mirror . adjust the vest . clerical . in a way . int . bedroom - night 85 late night . he sleep in bed atop the blanket . still dress , he wear the vest . toller ( v.o . ) '' behold , I show you a mystery . we shall not all sleep , but we shall all be change . '' CUT to : the snake and the squirrel ext . graveyard - day 85 a toller , walk the barb wire which shake through the hedgerow perimeter , stop when he notice something . a dead squirrel have get catch in droop barb wire . toller use he scratch bleed hand to loosen the squirrel from the wire . he pull at the wire compulsively , wrapping into a roll . the would be thief ext . parsonage - day ( omit ) 86 ext . cemetery - day ( omit ) 87 int . sanctuary - day ( omit ) 88 CUT to : 89 90 91 92 93 research int . toller 's car - day 89 toller be on the move in he Toyota . driving here , drive there . America outside he car window . beautiful , sad , violate , pollute . ext . balq paper industries - day 90 a sprawling industrial complex . int . paper factory - day 91 toller walk behind a school group touring the balq paper mill . they watch as massive machine transform pulp into paper . tour guide balg Home product , maker of paper goods , fertilizer , everyday item for the household , be among the first company to realize the need to address environmental concern . balgq be green ... int . balq build - day 92 toller drive past the four story dark glass corporate headquarters : balq industry . CUT to : int . upscale japanese restaurant - day 93 toller ( v.o . ) today I stop . I have miso and fish . when be the last time ? such simple pleasure . why do we deny ourselves ? 94 toller , at the bar , sip sake as Ed balg dine with top tier business companion at a overpriced restaurant . CUT to : int . toller ’'s car - suburb - afternoon 94 luxurious suburb . toller drive the batter Toyota past manicure megahome . very much out of place , he check the rear view mirror . a security suv be follow he . insert of journal : several page tear out follow by the word : toller ( v.o . ) I have remove the previous page . they be write in a delirium . but I be determine to continue . it 's hard to struggle against torpor . I must set pen to paper . in the gated suburb , toller slow down as if check a house number . the Security suv pull up behind he , flash its light . toller pull to the curb . the security officer get out , walk over to he . the Officer give he a suspicious once over . toller 's sweater be dirty , he need a haircut , a shave ... security officer May I be of some assistance ? toller I ... I think I must have the wrong address . the explosive vest rest in a partially zipped bag on the rear seat . security officer this be a private community . do you receive clearance at the security kiosk ? toller kiosk ? I do not see any kiosk . the Officer notice on clerical designation on the windshield : 95 security officer would you please follow I , reverend ? I will escort you back to the highway . toller thank you . cur to : magical mystery tour int . parsonage - night 95 late night . toller at he desk , write , drink . he hear something , stop to listen . the doorbell ring . he sip a drink . hide the bottle . toller cough as he cross though the main room , exit toward the front door . we hear the sound of toller open the door . toller ( 0.s. ) Mary . mary ( 0.s. ) can I come in ? toller ( 0.8 . ) of course . they re-enter . he take she coat . toller ( cont 'd ) what 's go on ? be you all right ? mary no . she sit on the only chair . toller set down the coat , turn toward she . mary ( cont 'd ) I be frighten . I be frighten of everything . ( beat ) I wake up . my heart be pound . I think the ceiling be go to fall in . I have to get out . I drive around . ( more ) mary ( cont 'd ) ( beat ) I do not put on any makeup . toller I be glad you come . you need anything , water , tea ? he sit on the floor opposite Mary . mary ( shake ad ) without any reason . it 's like a dark curtain just ... fall . everything scare I . the news on tv , a conversation , the weather . toller have you see you doctor ? mary he prescribe antidepressant . he say they be safe . well , he say it be highly unlikely it would hurt Michael . toller Michael ? mary the baby . it 's a boy . I do not tell you ? toller no. mary but I do not want to take anything which may affect the baby . toller you be right to come . mary I can not stop my thought . they just go on and on and repeat and repeat . toller do you have this fear before Michael 's death ? mary a little . but not like this . Michael seem so strong . ( more ) beat . mary ( cont 'd ) I read online that they use to believe pregnancy make you happy but now they feel it just make you feeling more extreme . toller how do Michael help you ? mary you mean before ? toller before he become absent . mary he listen . he be kind . we do something we call the magical mystery Tour . it sound silly . we would share a joint then we would lie on top of each other fully clothed . try to get as much body to body contact as possible . he also call it the 80 % solution . hand out , look each right into the eye . then move we eye in unison , right , leave , right , leave . and breathe in rhythm . toller and you want I to do this ? mary no , I do not mean it that way . ( shameface ) well . yes . I guess I do . toller okay . show I . mary but without the marihuana . toller the baby ? ( she nod ) how do we do this ? mary lie on you back with you arm and leg stretch out . toller you need music ? 95 a 96 mary no , just listen to the breath . toller get on the carpet , stretch out . Mary stand , remove she coat , then carefully lower herself atop he . forehead to forehead , finger to finger , thigh and leg to thigh and leg . her baby against he belly . she stare deep into he eye . he breathes slowly . he pace he breath to match hers . she move she eye leave to right . he sync he eye movement with hers . she look right to leave , he look right to leave . they slip into a meditative trance . breathe in , breathe out . a single organism . slowly , they levitate . they float horizontally three foot above the floor . then they rotate 360 degree , not move a fraction . side by side , toller uppermost , side by side , Mary on top again . then the parsonage fall away and they be in flight across the face of the earth . they float across the wonder on earth , the peak of the himalayas , the ignacu Falls , the fertile jungle of amazonia and Australian outback . and the hideous spoilage man have wreak : the waste dump of India , the choke smog of China , the toxic river of Indonesia , the oil coat bird and fish of the Gulf Coast . CUT to : ext . hanstown kill - dawn 95 a which give way to Michael stand beside the pollute kill . CUT to : underground railroad int . first reformed sanctuary - day 96 a class of first grader on a school trip , full of infectious life and chatter , be ushere into the sanctuary by suriya , they young teacher . the mix race student wear match color vest . suriya benny , stop that . benny he start it . suriya quiet . listen . toller watch as suriya line the little one at attention . a boy give he googlie eye . toller respond in kind , look at suriya . he be in good spirt . suriya hold up the scholastic illustrate book , '' the patchwork path . '' suriya ( cont 'd ) this week we read '' the patchwork path , '' about the Underground railroad which be not a railroad but -- what be it ? several first grader raise they hand . suriya ( cont 'd ) Rosa ? rosa it be a slave trail . suriya it be a escape route from the South to the North and this church , first reformed , be part of the route . reverend toller . toller slave flee north to Canada be help , feed and hide at church and home along the route . calvin verlander , the dominee , minister , of first reformed be active in the abolitionist movement . he arrange ... follow I . look at this . miss suriya , could you give I a hand ? the student watch wide eye as toller and suriya lift a wooden pew a few inch off the floor , move it . 97 98 99 toller ( cont 'd ) who can help I ? benny ? benny , the class clown , fill up with pride . toller ( cont 'd ) look , what do you see ? ( benny do not see anything ) do you see a metal hook ? there . ( benny nod ) what would happen if we pull it ? can you grab it ? the first grader be mesmerize . benny extract the hook from the floorboard . toller take the hook from benny and , put he back into it , lift up a large wooden trapdoor . benny , proud of himself , watch . a dark space be reveal under the floorboard . toller reach down , flip a switch . a single incandescent bulb light the dark cavity below . int . hidden basement - day 97 toller slave would hide here . sometimes whole family . can you imagine that ? in the darkness . the air hot , shaking with fear . hear the horse of the slave hunter outside ? on they knee , hold each other 's hand , praying to God to save they ? cur to : another form of prayer ext . parsonage - night 98 late at night . int . parsonage bathroom - night ( omit ) 99 100 101 102 int . parsonage bedroom - night 100 he sew a handmade patch onto the vest . it picture josé Claudio ribeiro da silva and Maria do espirito Santo , martyr of the amazon . he put on a loose fitting dark work shirt over the vest . the vest be remarkably compact . he 's become so thin that the vest be hardly noticeable . toller ( v.o . ) the stomach pain have return . yesterday I grovel on the floor , moan like a sick beast . will God 's grace ever shine on I ? CUT to : int . memorial hospital waiting room - day 101 toller wear he mend black sweater , but not the vest . he scan the room . a low income mother tend to she disabled 8 year - old . the Son look at toller . he be crush by empathy . a nurse step out , call he name : nurse reverend toller ? but he be go . CUT to : ext ./ int . toller 's car - day 102 day and night . toller drive the street in he Toyota . he wear the explosive vest under he dark work shirt . past wealthy suburban home , past inner city blight . toller ( v.o . ) if one be awake , can he become more awake ? CUT to : 103 104 105 106 ext . hanstown kill - pre dawn 103 the dark of pre dawn . toller , wear the vest , stand in the moonlight . on the horizon the first eminence of sunrise . toller ( v.o. ) every act of preservation be a act of creation . everything preserve renew creation . it 's how we participate in creation . ext . hanstown kill - dawn 104 the sun rise . toller be at hanstown kill , the pollute stream where Michael 's ash be spread . CUT to : ext . first reformed - day 105 John elder , kneel beside the plexiglas sign ( '' will God forgive we ? '' ) , remove the letter . CUT to : int . soup kitchen - day 106 toller stand with fellow volunteer dispense hot lunch to the down and out . he wear a dark sweater . the wheel chair vet wait for a hot lunch in the line of down and outer . the vest be under toller 's sweater . a red wire poke through the dark fabric . CUT to : the darkest hour 107 108 109 ext . first reformed - morning 107 the church sign read : '' next Sunday , 250th reconsecration service . praise God . '' ext . abundant life church - day toller 's Toyota pull into the parking lot . int . jeffer 's office - day toller enter Joel 's inner office . jeffer Close the door . take a seat . CUT to : 108 CUT to : 109 jeffer sip from a plastic water bottle , lift it as if to say , '' want one ? '' toller shake he head . jeffer sit . jeffer ( cont 'd ) we be concerned about you . toller who be ? jeffer how 's you health ? toller I need some more test . jeffer you do not get the result ? toller shake he head , eyeing jeffer . where be he get he information ? jeffer ( cont 'd ) how 's you diet ? to be honest , you do not look so good . toller I have be have some stomach trouble . jeffer I hear you have be drink . toller just a little wine with dinner . jeffer wine ? that 's not advisable for a man with stomach problem . toller I have get to take better care of myself . jeffer you be always in the Garden . toller : huh ? jeffer ( cont ’d ) Jesus be not always in the Garden , on he knee , sweat drop of blood . no , he be on the mount , in the temple , in the marketplace . but you be always in the Garden . for you every hour be the darkest hour . do not confuse Post traumatic stress with the Holy agony . toller I do not know I have give offense . jeffer Jesus do not want we suffer . he suffer for we . he want obedience and commitment . toller but what of his creation ? the heavens declare the glory of God . he be everywhere present . in the plant , the river , in the smallest insect . the world be a manifestation of God 's presence . this be a issue where we can lead . but what do the church say ? nothing . the U.S. congress deny climate change . where be we when this people get elect ? ( more ) toller ( cont 'd ) we know who speak for big business . who speak for God ? jeffer '' the creation wait in eager expectation of liberation from bondage . the whole creation groaneth and travaileth in pain together until now . '' toller we should pollute so God can restore ? we should sin so God can forgive ? I do not think that 's what the Apostle mean . we need to see through Jesus 's eye , see every live thing . jeffer you do not live in the real world . you be a minister in a tourist church that no one attend . do you have any idea what go into the work of God ? what it take to maintain a mission such as this ? the daily cost , the staffing , the outreach ? how many people we reach each day ? who 's that priest you like so much ? Thomas merton ? he do not live in the real world either . he be a monk . he live in a monastery in kentucky and write book . toller ( plead ) somebody have to do something . the hour be late . Earth be in the balance . jeffer and what if this be his plan ? what if we can not see it ? toller God would never destroy he creation . jeffer he do once . for forty day and forty night . that hang in the air a moment . jeffer change tack , offer solicitude : jeffer ( cont 'd ) abundant life be with you . we care . this be a hard time for you . we can help . after the reconsecration service , you need to go to rehab or medical institution , we will take care of that . go to Nicaragua , preach the gospel , build house . do some good in the real world . if you be not up to the ceremony , I understand . you be expect but we can say you be sick -- which be true - - or indispose . toller it 's not about the ceremony . I want to be there . it 's two hundred and fifty year . it 's my church . I want to be there . I want to introduce you . jeffer Ed balq have decide he have like to make a few comment . the Governor would introduce he . be that a problem ? toller not at all . jeffer good . we 'il get through this reconsecration -- it 's go to be special -- then we can deal with this other issue . CUT to : holy ground 110 ext . mensana house - golden hour 110 Mary 's house . 111 int . mensana live room - evening 111 toller and Mary stand surround by move box . pause . mary you will come to buffalo ? toller of course . I want to see he . a new child be the most bless thing in creation . mary you have be a help to I . toller Dark time will come again . but they will also go . my great grandfather , be a old parson . a Saint of God . there be a two story bank and the bank install the very first elevator in town . my grandfather go with he boy on Monday , as he do every Monday , to deposit the church fund . he need to see the manager . they step in the elevator . between the first and second floor he have a heart attack . he wear a hat , he always have a hat . he take off he hat , turn to he son and say , '' boy , take off my shoe . I be stand on Holy Ground . '' and he die right there . toller ( cont 'd ) I believe Michael be on Holy Ground when he die . she embrace he . mary thank you so much . head toward door . toller we will meet in buffalo . mary I be go to stay for the reconsecration ceremony on Sunday . toller ( darken ) there 's no need for that . mary I want to . toller it 's not necessary . mary you have be there for I . I want to be there for you . toller it 's not worth the effort . just a bunch a rich guy patting each other on the back . mary but you be go ? toller I have to . mary then I x11 come . toller please . I do not want you to . do not come . ( stern ) okay ? mary ( relent ) okay . CUT to : reconsecration 112 ext . first reformed - morning 112 reconsecration Sunday . a local tv media truck be park at the curb . uniform valet park the guest car . 113 114 115 116 Black suite security personnel wear ear plug and lapel pin watch from strategic position . a public personality step out of a black suv . he pose for photograph . a videographer pan he inside the church . CUT to : int . a.l church worship arena —- morning 113 Inside the stadium like arena , hover flat screen simulcast the arrival of a public personality at first reformed for a large audience . the abundant life choir , accompany by guitar and drum , sing . CUT to : ext . first reformed —- morning 114 more arrival . pastor jeffer step out of a suv with he photogenic wife and child , pose for the camera . CUT to : int . parsonage bathroom —- morning 115 reverend toller complete he ablution . brushes he tooth . shave . run vitalis through he hair . int . bedroom - morning 116 he strap the suicide vest on over he black T shirt . he have sewn two additional patch onto the vest . the embroider image of he son pfc Joseph toller and Michael mensana . toller ( v.o. ) I have find another form of prayer . toller place AAA battery into the detonation slot . he connect the wire to the semtex plastic jelly explosive tube . if he press the button , the vest will detonate . 117 118 119 carefully lift he black clerical cassock over the vest . examine himself in the mirror . touches he hair . prepare for the reconsecration ceremony . int . parsonage den - morning ( omit ) 117 CUT to : int . first reformed sanctuary - morning 118 esther enter , John elder 's organ music play . pastor jeffer with he wife and child . well scrubbed abundant life usher guide the guest to they seat . Edward balg , accompany by he wife , grow son and daughter - in - law , arrive and be deferentially accompany to the church entrance by balq employee . toller watch . that seem about it . the guest be thinning out . Mary , alone , arrive wear she nice coat . she be there . she have come after all . she enter the church , look for he . CUT to : int . parsonage - day 119 toller , watch from the parsonage , freeze . he look at the detonator button . he can not go forward with he plan . cannot . not with she in the sanctuary . he pace around the live room . he return to he desk . he write in he journal : last will and testament he cross that out . write : statement of purpose cross that out . write : 120 121 122 123 124 125 magical mystery tour cross that out . int . first reformed sanctuary - day 120 the last invite guest and vip be escort to they seat as John elder play . each guest be hand a copy of the reconsecration booklet . Mary accept hers . Mary , uncertain , unmoore , look around for toller . she watch as balq speak with jeffer several pews ahead . int . choir loft - day ( omit ) 121 int . sanctuary - day ( omit ) 122 ext . first reformed - day ( omit ) 123 int . sanctuary - day 124 the Governor take he seat in a place of privilege . he check the program . all be ready . pastor jeffer , uneasy , approach John elder at the organ : jeffer where be he ? elder I do not know . cur to : everlasting arm ext . parsonage - morning 125 126 127 128 129 Joel jeffer exit the sanctuary , cross the churchyard to the parsonage . jeffer ring the bell , knock on the door . jeffer toller ! no response . int . parsonage - day toller , at he desk , listen in semi-darkness . silence . jeffer have leave . toller stand . int . sanctuary - day CUT to : 126 '' toller ! '' then CUT to : 127 Joel jeffer re-enter , smile at the Governor , balgq and other assemble vip . he motion to esther : jeffer let 's begin . int . parsonage - morning reverend toller write in he journal : toller ( v.o . ) God , how I would have prefer a different death . int . parsonage kitchen - morning CUT to : 128 CUT to : 129 130 toller , in the kitchen , disconnect the detonator wire , strip off the explosive vest . set it on the table . he can no longer go forward with that plan . not with Mary inside . the vest , impotent , lie on the table . he remove he black T shirt as well , revealing he pale torso . he step out of the kitchen . sound be hear as he fetch item off screen . toller return with a roll of barbed wire and a can of draino from the bathroom . he unroll the spiny barb wire , then , look into the mirror wrap it tighter and tighter around he bare torso . the metal barb puncture he skin , bring drop of blood to the surface . toller walk to the Vestry closet , select the alb , gingerly place it over he shoulder . he place a white steal around he neck , adjust it into place . Music be hear from within the sanctuary . toller step into the kitchen , look at himself in the mirror . Red drop of blood seep though the white alb . he sit at the kitchen table , unscrew the drano cap . CUT to : int . sanctuary - day 130 esther sing a solo a a capella rendition of '' everlasting arm . '' esther '' what a fellowship , what a joy divine , lean on the everlast arm ; what a blessedness , what a peace be mine , lean on the everlast arm . ( youth choir join in ) lean , lean , safe and secure from all alarm ; lean , lean , lean on the everlast arm . '' CUT to : 131 int . parsonage bedroom - day 131 at the table , he look at the open can of drano , prepare to drink . he raise the bottle to he lip . prepare to chug it down . the door rattle , then open . he look up . Mary enter . the drano drop from he hand , spill across the floor . mary Ernst ? he stand . esther ( 0.s. ) '' what have I to dread , what have I to fear , lean on the everlast arm ? I have bless peace with my Lord so near , lean on the everlast arm . '' Mary approach toller . he step forward , take she in he arm . the camera move for the first time . it dolly forward and around , swim with they embrace . she gasp and press she open mouth in slow motion to he cheek . toller respond to she carnal embrace in kind , devour she , as the camera turn and turn and until it suddenly stop . the screen go black . the end