'' first blood " screenplay by } sylvester stallone ' and | : David giler first blood production , Inc. } 8810 melrose Avenue suite 201 Los Angeles , California 90069 ( 213 ) 273-0284 pe <b fade in : 1 still shot over credit a old crack photograph of young John rambo hold up a smell fish he have just catch . he be eight year old . 2 still shot of a twelve - year - old John rambo proudly riding 2 horse . 3 still shot of teenage John rambo at a junior high school dance . 4 still shot of John rambo 's high school ( sophomore year ) year book . } 5 still shot ; of jonn rembo and a teem picture of the high school , track team . } 6 still shot ' oz John rambo win the shorput event . 7 still shot of John rambo win the broad jump . 8 still shot of rambo lift onzo the shoulder of fellow football ' teammate after win a game . 9 still shot of rambo at the final high school prom ... he and he Gate stand beneath a benner that read : prom king and queen 1967 sey , 10 121 12 13 14 15 still shot of rambo wear he high school graduation cap and gown ... the photo fade into a closeup photo of rembo dress in a military green beret special force uni - form . still shot of rambo in battle gear pose in the jungle of viet kem with several battle weary buddy ... they be all wear camouflage makeup on they face ... rambo be now a sergeant . next to he be a big black man name delmar . still shot of rambo under heavy fire . scream order while help the wounded into helicopter . still shot of rambo and several other wer buddy stand and blindfolded with they hand ebove they head as several viet cong soldier lead they away et gunpoint . still shot the type take and release to the wire service as propaganda , of rambo and two other man seat at a table in front of a microphone be interrogate . still shot 10 11 12 13 16 15 of rambo many hard month later stering blankly through the jegge open of the prison compound barb wire fence ... his hair be long and matte like he beard . his eye be now the eye of a much older , harder , and ' angry man . the camera move close on rambo 's pain expression and fade into the superimposition : november 1975 16 wv 18 19 159 a first blood - rev . 11/24/81 3. fade in : ext . dirt road - day ( autumn morning ) 16 a single lane of parched earth , ground to dust by mili - tary trock tire -- single wheel , double axle , roar - ing low gear engine as the -- national guard cokvoy 2 ) power off the dirt onto the highway , truck after lum - , UT bering trock pack with ketional guardsman . on all side , patchwork farmland , overshadow by massive mountain forest . overscreen -- november 1975 , somewhere in the UNITED states ~~ ext . highway - day 18 within-eershotofshe - approzch convoy , we see the solitary figure of the kid on the highway shoulder , walk toward US . his jeens and Levi jacket be fade ; on the back be a american flag . he wear paratrooper boot that he tuck he pants into . he cerries 2 roll - up sleep bag over he shoulder -- just 2 mothing kid , like the freek and burnout one ignore in Chicago or San Francisco . this , however , be american heartland and we wonder if a kid look like rambo be be reckless about he choice of geog - raphy . reckless , too , that flat , umblink , insolent yet fareway expression in he eye . intercut with -- rambo' Pov - bend in the highway i pss ~ N glimpsis of countryside with the oncoming hulk and cjaa7t roar of the convoy . the sign : _ hope welcomes safe driver * riddle with bullet hole . milk cow in adjacent fermmn - ' lend hang with red bunt . fence post sign : no hunting with it , the fallow garden , junked front yard , chick - en coops and break fence of the sparse '' color sec~ tion " cling to edge of a white town . a black woman hurriedly pull in she wash . a pair of mongrel race to a fence at the highway shoulder , they barking huf - fled by the increase roar . ext . hope ~ MAIN STREET - day 194 * the sheriff 's car complete with teasle cruise through town . he nod genially to people , 21 22 23 24 26 rambo 20 hesitates now and unshoulder the sleep bzg to ob - serve truck after truck heaving by he , spew dust and engine exhaust . glancing back , he see -- rear of national guard truck @ ' - as it pass . a few guerdsman have notice he just a long enough to register resentment in they face . rambo ( 23 ) stare back foz a time , then slowly look ahead . we ut have no idea of what might be in he mind , as he be - shoulder the sleep bag and resume he walk . cut to : ext . pasture - day gd rambo walk up a uneven dirt path cause from tire cut '' tread and erosion end approach én old wood frame house with a dilepidete front porch . int , black family liouse - day . '' Zi one room , pethep two . OPEN on che black woman , a ( aude Gish towel in she hend , stering past a young girl to «= i screen door ( 25 ; — the silhouette of rembo , backlight . cat rambo be he here , mar them , or be not he ? ( no answer ) Excuse I -- if he 's in town or something -- could you tell I where that might be -- I mean , where he might be at ? woman ( 265 look from rambo to the girl . cod woman ( more ) not here -- ( continued ) first blood - rev . 11/24/81 5 , 26 continued : ( woman ( cont 'd ) . ( the the girl ) ote go cutside , the child worriedly move to the screen door , ease out and around rembo , rambo hold the door open , he can not seem to read the woman 's problem . rambo . I wonder if I might trouble you for a plass of water , include the woman , woman come in . and head toward she sink as rambo shyly step in - side , fishing out a pocket wear address book , thumbing it open to the appropriate page , wonder at the pos~ sibility of a mistaken address ... the little girl look through the screen door with unabesh fascination . the woman hand rambo a glass of water ... he hold out } the adéress book , a / rambo thanks -- you can see he write it down there himself , that 's delmar 's write . I be not on the men' case . the voman hold the eddress book end stare absently at the scrawle address . woman that 's he write . rambo pull a weathered snapshot from he jacket . it be plastic coat and curl on the end as though it have be in and out of he pocket a hundred time . rambo . I tell you I be not on he case -- , he 's a buddy -- we be on the same team -- . ( hold up picture ) } see , that 's I there . that 's bronson , ortega , jorgensen , czak , vantorth , westmore , Jesus , krakauer -- crazy bastard ... Excuse that , please , and there 's delmar . the little girl at the screen door ease she way in . ( continued ) 26 27 28 29 first blood - rev ! 11/24/82 6 . continued : ( 2 ) 26 rambo ( continue ; smile ) delmar wes so big we elway have to put he behind everybody or he would take up the whole picture . woman delpar 's go -- rambo . what ? woman last summer -- rambo ( stunne ) . how ? woman he get cancer ~-- take he down to * nothin 's -- could lift he off the sheet ... rambo set the picture on the table and seem to be search for the right word , but none come . he look very alone at this moment . rambo ( weekly ) sorry -- I be sorry . rembo 's eye fill . with pzin as he turn in a defeat fashion and leave . . co ext . black family house - day ( 2 ? ) * as rambo come slowly out and down the porch step , x transitting the front yard , toward the gate end the o . highwey shoulder , forget in he hand the pocket - wear address book still thumbed open to the appropri - eat page . he step from the porch and drop the book in the dust as he move away . * omitted 28 * 29 * ay 30 first blood ~ rev , 11/24/81 7 - 8 , * om ext . SMALL eridge - day ( 30_ as rembo walk on along the bridge toward the town , os '' the shock and the mempry building behind he eye . ( continued ) first ellod - rev . 11/26/82 9 , 30 continued : gk ' he stop and lean egainst the railing and stare into cte the water . with each second , the pain be building in rambo . sublihninal CUT ( black and white ) - dusk 31 > 31 '' ) a ) . rambo , delmer and two other man be under incredible oe * ground FIRE as they try to reach the bank of a stream u1 or small river ... tne americen be run and firing at the same time . two g.1. 's fall ... the ection be insanely fast -- rambo rapid fire he m - 16 and be hit in the thigh . still fight , he writhes on the muddy benk as delmar scoops he up with one powerful arm and crag he to safety . 32 bridge ~ day g2 ) rembo , contort he face , reflectively pound che a thigh that be wounded with he fist , once , twice , egein , again . 33 int , police cruiser - day 33 , teasle spy rambo on the bridge . as the car epproach , rambo pause at the engine's SOUND end face the sque car that be twenty yard away , , . rambo stert to move away . teasle cell from he car , teesle where 's the love in ? ... stay no there . teesle stop the car end get out . rambo glance at he end seem to size up teasle in a matter of second , then stare off to the other end of the bridge . teasle ( continue ) do you know enybody around here ? | rambo , ever so slightly , shake he head no , teasle ( continue ) wearing that fleg on you back and look the way you do can get you into trouble around here . : ( continued ) first blood - rev . 11/24/81 33 continued : rambo remain lose in he own thought . teasle ( continue ) - which way you head ? Worth or south ? rambo ( softly ) --- North . teasle get in the car , I '11 ] make sure you do not head in the wrong direction . rambo get into the car . a33 ext . police car - day shot of police car with teasle ang rambo inside pess through town , pest the police station , pest the gas station . 33 % int . police car ~ day '' \teasle and rambo move down the hichway . wn teasle 4 a7 where be you head ? '' x oe rambo | ly '' i . maybe lovisville , ~ . - N teasle and maybe not .%. where do you sleep ? nin the wood ? vo “\ rambo sometimes . 3 '' qakste '' 7 tt 's safe enough now ... somebody from town give you a rive in ? 5 . ~ N a' rambo os to no. no c ~ teasle veer the car to the curb . a sign read : ~ be now leave hope. drive carefully . " . " you 10 . first blood - Rev. 3/10/82 104 33ar int . teasle's car teasle where you head ? rambo Portland . . teasle I think you say you be head north . Portland be south . rambo I do not know . teasle do somebody from town give you a ride in ? rameo no . be there some place I can get something to eat ? teasle sorry . we go not have a salvation Army soup kitchen in town , _rambo I be not look for a handout . teasle good . ther you will ] find a diner about 30 mile up the road . rambo be there a law against I get something here ? teasle yeah -- I . rambo why be you push ? teasle what would you say ? rambo why be you push ? I have not do anything to you . teasle first of all , you do not ask question , I do . understand ? besides , I do not want guy like ( more ) {continued } 10a seasle a? rambo teasle say you be head north . south . rambo teasle iy from town give you a ride in ? rambo jere some place I can get somethin teasle a6 gg not have a salvation Army soup in town . rambo look for a handout . teasle then you will fine @ giner about 30 p the road . rambo @a jaw against I get something ome . rambo > you push ? teasle you say ? rambo 2 you push ? teasle of all , you do not tand ? besides , ( more ) T have not do anything t ask question , I do . I do not want guy like ( continued ) fand . sovew we mp ee mtikued : continued : ; teasle _ éo not want a guy like you around , ..°’ west thing I know , a bunch of you se turn up . besides you " would n ' T e , it 's boring , but it 's not it , - tt 's the way we would like it — the wey we I omt like to keep i rambo say nothi and get out . teasle oconzinue ) I will give you some free advice . cut you hair , clean up and you will see people will not bother you so much , hope this ride help you a bit . good luck . ee eee «ee boa 33b teesle grive off . rambo watch the car for 2 moment , then start back into town , teasle see he in the rear view mirror and brake suddenly . ext . police chr & STREET - day 335 teasle pull up aloncside rambo . teasle where do you think you be go ? teesle get out of car and move to rambo . teasle ( continue ) hey : i'm talk to you -~ where do you think you be go ? try to be nice to some people -~- ( no response ) biright , take out some i.d , -~ let 's go . rambo just start to walk away . teasle move after he and greb he arm . - teasle where the hell be you go ?! rembo break teasle 's grip off easily and stare hard inte the lawman 's eye . teasle pot he hand on the butt of he 9 mm pistol . teasle alright , hard ass . take off the cuff ) get against the car , rambo continue to stare into T ' . R st i teasle 's eye ( continued ) +e eee first elood - Rev. 12/23/81 , 208 . 33 continued : ( 2 ) teasle ( continue ) I say , get against the car --~ how you get there be you choice . rambo lean against the car ... teasle pet he down end find a throw knife . teasle ( continue ) you have get problem now , why be you carry a knife this size ? ( more ) rambo hunting . ( continued ) voth al mie we ww. chee i ay uf we we ut 34 344 343 ny irst blood - Rev. 11/28/81 i. continued : ( 3 ) bre of teasle ( cont 'd ) do not play game with I , * understand ? what the hell do ' anybody hunt with a knife ? rembo . name it . * teasle bririent , turn eroune * they lock stare an@ a unspoken challenge be declare . teasle get in . int , police station - autumn afternoon 34 four officer : shingleton , the three - striper with a buzzard - like angularity , sit dispatch , read a paper . mitch , pockmark and mot so very long out of he teens , be monkey eround with the coffee machine . galt , e thirty - year - old build like a upright freezer with 2 head on it , type up e report . balford clean he nail with @ paper elip . * on the CUT , teasle , carry the sleep beg , enter sith the euff rembo in tow . he blast the paint - stick counter gate open with the heel of he hand . teasle get over there -~ move ! subliminal CUT - 0.s. TIGER cage 364 heavy rein , we ere look into a vile cesspool that ho other prisoner . through e bamboo grate lie rembo and severel int . police station - pay 34b rembo stand in front of the counter that divide the room . ~ shingleton ( reacting to rambo ) talk about sorry - look humanity . rembo quickly eye several glass - front gun case that surprisingly house some very powerfully scope and unscope automatic pare- military rifle , several seven shot riot gun and essort pistol ... on the wall be meny stuff animal head with teasle ' 's picture beneath each one pose with the dead animal . ( continued ) first blood ~ Rev. 11/24/81 12. 34b continued : 3438 teasle ( flinty sarcasm ) take this one downstairs and book he for vagrancy , resisting arrest , and carry a conceal weapon . toss knife on the counter . shincgleton Mike , galt -- get on it teasle and do something to clean he up . smell like a animal . mitch let 's go . . ke herd rambo toward the open security door . galt rise belefully to lend a hand . teasle start toward he office , stering wiltingly at rambo . 35 int . police station cell block - water hose ~ pay 35 it shoot a heavy sprey across the concrete floor , past three empty cell towerd the drain at its far end , above it , a shower head . the man at the nozzle be preston , a pensioner eas much gs a cop . painter 's paraphernalia disorder this place too , and as Preston work , he keep a know eye on the open door at the foot of the stair through which he can see Mitch and galt start to process rambo . : 36 processing room - day 36 file cabinet , camera and mug shot screen , chart for fingerprint analysis , etc . ( continued ) 36 37 13 . continued : 36 two smell window , with cross bar , be set high on the wall of the basement . shaft of light stream through . Mitch uncuff rambo es galt roll a fresh arrest sheet into the typewriter . galt name ? rambo do not reply . galt and Mitch exchange a glance . galt ( continue ) what 's the name ? rembo remain silent . galt . ( continue ) the name ? rembo look away . galt ( continue ) you want problem ? you ceme to the right place , buddy . what 's '' you name ? rambo just stare out of a bar window 2s the shaft of sunlight cut into the roon . galt ( 0.8 . ) ( continue ) last time I be gonne ask -- mitch galt -- wait ! rambo' hand 37 catch Mitch 's hend . Mitch have notice a section of chain at the base of rambo 's neck and try pull it out . the man be freeze eye - to~eye . mitch easy --! just want to see what 's on you neck . the tip of galt 's truncheon press into the flesh of rambo 's cheek . his look invite carnage . ( continued ) first blood ~ rev . 11/24/81 14 . 37 continued : galt you have get three second before I break you face in . mitch he mean it . rambo slowly relinquish hold of Mitch 's wrist . galt tear off chain and reveal 2 set of dog tag . galt how ' bout that ? hairy here 's a soldier . John J , rambo . silence . galt you be go to talk to I , soidier , I promise you . silence . galt co I be beginning to dislike you . mitch I will run a make on he -~ put he name on the teletype . 38 omitted 39 & 339 a 40 processing room galt and another large cop name ward be try to fingerprint rambo . the ink be on rambo 's finger , but he refuse to place he hand on the police print card . Ward try to push rambo 's hand down . ( continued ) * 38 39 * & 39 %* 40 40 fiest blood - Rev. 11/24/81 15 . continued : 40 galt push itl ward it will not work this way . it will only smear around . galt look , you sonofebitch -- put you hand down there or I be gonna break itl rambo do not move ... galt ( continue ; yell ) put it down ! galt , massive with anger , expertly brandish the truncheon . rembo move three yard back . his stance be slack , he eye cold and calm .. galt move towards hin . . teasle galt ! what the hell 's go on ? galt 's stain face tell it . galt nothing I can not handle . ward he will not let we print he , will . teasle {to rambo ) why be you do this , huh ? right now you be look at the ass end of a ninety - day incarceration and a two hundred and fifty dollar fine . rambo have take measure of teasle -- the crisp uniform , the special sidearm , the steely - eye authority . ( continued ) ~ '' 40 41 42 - rev . 11/24/81 : 16 . continued : ( 2 ) 40 teasle ( continue ) now you be go into court at ten o'clock tomorrow morning . we be gonna try to make you a little more presentable , so between now and then you can impress the hell out of I by do exactly what you be tell ... ( to galr ) clean he up . exit room . int . cell block - day 41 Mitch , galt and a pockmark deputy name ward stand outside a cell stare at rambo . galt alright -~ get that reg off . rembo slide he eye towerd galt . they appear lazy anc heavy - lidd , like 2 loung reptile . galt ( continue ) I say , get ‘em off now ! rembo look away -- toward the adjacent cell block . at the precise moment gelt start to move in , rambo glide back , slowly take off he jecket and let it fall to the floor . slower still , he go about remove he jeans . as he step out of they , Mitch and galt react to -- . rambo' thigh 42 it bear a cruel scar on a field of glaze tissue . rembo pull off he sweatshirt , the last of he clothes . galt hold up you arm and turn around . rembo do . his back be criss -cross by dozen of small , jag scar . mitch ( to galt ) Jesus -- what the hell 's he be into ? ( continued ) yy 42 43 44 45 first blood - Rev. 12/24/21 17 . continued : 42 nothing from rambo . a beat , then -- galt wno care . mitch c'mon , galt , we should report this to teesle -- God look at that . galt ( to Mitch ) you stay here ... ( turm to rembo ) I owe hin . galt wield he truncheon into rambo 's expose kidney , and he drop in agony . mitch dern , galt ! galt now the man seid to clean he up . int . cell block - rambo 43 High - power firehose -~ spray be plaster rembo geinst the cell well . the hose be hold by Preston . mitcr and galt and ward 4&& stand by , watch . Mitch do not like the pain - full treatment be dish out to rembo , and turn awey and light 2 cigarette . galt do not forget to get behind he ear . omitted 45 46 47 first blood - Rev. 11/24/81 int . cell block - pay 46 Preston set a chair in the middle of the room . Mitch guide rambo towards it . Ward be in the background . Preston cross to the sink and capture some water in the mug which he start whipping into lather . rambo 's eye follow he every move . galt ( to Preston ) hurry up -~- I wanna get home and @€at ... ( to rambo ) ++. get you ass in that chair ? ( as ramba pause ) godcéammit , I say -- in the chair ! -~ go onl out come the truncheon , prodding , jabbing . kambo 's eye flicker dangerously as he attempt to slide away . but then both Mitch and galt ere on he , muscle he into the chzir . galt get he club around rembo 's neck and pull he back . mitch let 's forget this and get teasle down here . galt this guy think he 's real tough ! mitch can not you see ?! galt see what ? mitch see the guy 's crazy ! : galt I do not care what he be . hold he gown ! rambo 47 every muscle in he body tensing , he eye on -~ 48 49 50 51 52 53 54 fi 11/24/81 19 . preston 4b rembo be pin to the chair -- rambo be become craze . preston most action we have in month } ' galt hurry up ! rambo 's gaze travel to ~~ omitted 49 ext , vietnam 50 ( subliminal ’~ black and white ) pole out heevy rain . ° rembo be naked , except for brown g.i. underpant and dog tag . rembo 's arm and neck be bound to 2 bemboo yoke with a wire aromd he neck thet restrict eny movement . he be painfully hoist 2 foot off the ground . rambo 51 shake he heed es if to rid himself of a nightmere . pull back to include Mitch and galt stending on either side of he . the kid 's body tense and begin to tremble . he try pull he heed away , but galt grab 2 handful of hair and hold hin . preston hold still or you will cut you own throat . very tight - rambo 52 teact to -- preston' hand 53 as the straight razor be open , the blade glint . it start towerd rambo 's face . ext . vietnam 4 \* ( subliminal - black and white ) rambo and v.c. officer 2 of ys rambo be hang arm spread froma pair of pole . he be ( continued ) 55 56 % elocd - rev . 11/24/81 194. prin oe continued : 54 ° be be filthy and emwaciete . the v.c. officer stand ov T alongside rembo , shouting and spitting on he . the officer pull out a lerge knife . rambo 55 strain to the meximum . every vein in he neck be swollen 2s the razor move closer . preston kole he tighter ! wenna get this right . ext . vietnam 56 ( subliminal '- black and white ) rambo and v.c. officer just for kick , the officer hold it up so rambo can see it and slice it across he back many tine -- scream each time he be cut . the camera move in . ron rambo . * ' . so oe gp ' 57 58 60 61 first blood ~ rev . 11/24/81 rambo 87 the screém be erupting from he mouth . it stun the cop 2s intend . and whet follcew heppens with in ~ credible speed -- a blur flesh of action . a unseen crack ( like snap bone ) drop Preston like & s2ash -veight . he go down as Mitch rise , gasp from the kick to he ball . as he double up , 2 knee to the face snap he erect , end back on he heel , smash he into the wall . while Mitch be still reeling back -- rambo be already deal with galt , who be furiously whipping the truncheon . so swift , so sure , so smooth be rambo 's move one would swear he previously choreo - gréephed they in he mind . he evade two swipe and catch gelct 's wrist midway through the third . he prime it and lunge back against the grain , throw the big man ass over heel into a violent smack of cell bar . Ward be eliminate from the brawl with * equal alacrity . stairway - teasle 58 have heerd the carnage end be now clanmer down toward aembo who be streaking up . see teesle , rambo ccive ang lift , catepult hin over he beck . teasle land herd et the foot af the stair . the inertia carry he to a slide stop near Mitch , who be bray end retching with pain . rambo' Pov 55 idezxm draw . reimbo ding support that shingleton be come in fest , hi dive from £.g. hit the sc surround the door . . scaffolding 60 teeter , twist , disassembling , fell toward shingleton who look up in horror . he cry out , be - . flexively firing the gun es the scaffold cisintegrate , plank , paint , can and steel pole bounce and roll - ing across the unconscious man . int . police station - day = ramso 61 race across the main office . balford be deal with . * a late-arrive cop , lester , be come throush the front door with a armful of supplies . he react to rembo in midair , vavlting the counter . too late . ( continued ) 61 62 63 64 65 66 67 first blood - rev . 11/24/81 2 continued : 61 rambo chop the flat edge of he palm across lester 's mose . lester drop . rambo grab he knife still ly - ing on the desk and hit the door without have break stride . ext . police station - day - rambo 62 clad to the weist , he burst out into the hot glere of the afternoon sun . passersby , shopper , motorist , hunter 63 reacting as they discover the presence of the furious man . rambo look around for he avenue of escape , see one and sprint toward it . ext . STREET + day - passing motorcyclist and rambo 64 a large , helmete , tough -look cyclist hes make the misteke of slow gown to look . rambo shove hard . tne cyclist hit the pavement . the back wheel of the fall bike be grind angrily for purchese . rambo muscle it up , mount end roar off , ext . police station ~ day - teasle ' 65 be charge out of the station house . galt be a dozen step behind , operate the bolt of e high - power rifle . he stop , shoulder it , eim -- Pov of ra4 amso throdgh telescopic sight 66 the kid slelom treffic as if bear to the bike . there be pedestrian everywhere . a smack blur we eround to --~ teasle 67 hack the rifle down and take charge of the weapon . galt i'm gonna kill he ] now , he see galt 's face be wild with rage . one stream eye presage 4 wick mouse . ( continued ) 67 68 69 70 72 73 ~ rev . 11/24/82 : 2 continued : 67 teasle get in there and ger some help ! galt grit back he rege end hurry into the station house . during the above , a score of onlooker have gethere . every eye be fix on teasle , as he dash into 2 patrol car . introduce the roar of the motor - cycle . motorcycle 58 its wheel rip across the frame , spew a curtain of grevel , dust and exhaust through which car be swerv - ing , brake scream , we hear crashing metal , then see the car fishtail into we lep , cut we vista down to a hubcap . not . hichway ~ day 69 ut rembo cycle on into the distance , leave two wounded vehicle in he wake . a distant stren be wailing end now scream as teasle 's cruiser shoct by , pursue the cycle . ext . righwey & intersection # 2 - day - rambo 70 he zoom past the you be now leaving = hope sign end hang @ breakneck turn onto a dirt road which snake up towerd the distant mountain . the siren persist , growing louder . ext . dirt rold - rambo , 7 . grind the bike uphill . Far behind he , just visible through the dust , teesle 's cruiser turn off the high - way to follow . kembo glance back and spur the bike overlend through a open gate end down a narrow wagon road . this be rough , hilly meadowland , overshadow by massive mountain forest . sense freedom , rembo glimpsis back and react to -- ext . wagon road - OPEN gate ~ day 22 the cruiser rocket through , demolosh rail with its sidespin , recover and come on . ext . crest of hill - day ~- rambo 73 less sure of escape , he power the bike uphill . ( continued ) 73 74 75 76 77 78 79 80 51 first blood - rev . 11/30/81 continued : 2 ' ay x q 23 . he gain the rugge crest and post through mid-air . omitted omitted omitted omitted ext , rillcrest - cruiser - day its underside slowly appear and edge over . onitted ext . meadow - rambo cycling - day the mountain forest be very close now , and the ter- rambo rein be grow increasingly rugge . < a rise , slow , stop and revs . he survey what be ahead , look back . rambo' Pov - cruiser then it be doggeély pick its way through the meadow , look mean and batter . we revs stock up full power . can hear the cycle 73 74 75 76 77 78 86 '' 2 83 84 85 86 87 88 first eldod ~ rev . 21/24/81 '' 24 ext , - stream - hill ~ day - roar off end down , leaping the bike over a nérrow stream and head into the draw between two densely brush slope . the woodland be rise ebruptly and so be the draw . the bike be gasp and slow . it be heng back before it fall and rambo jump free , let - ting it roll crash back toward the stream where -- ext . stream - dry ~ cruiser 83 * be appear . its front end drop with che land , skid - ding and brake hard to avoid the stream . the cruiser spin to a violent stop , amid rock and brush at the water 's edge . teasle 84 ram he shoulder ageinst the driver 's door , but it be jamme . he scramble across the front seat to the pas~ senger door and out into a ret nest of foliage . he hack through , drop end nearly lose balance és one leg sink knee - deep into the stream . he wade ehead , bring into view the cresh motorcycle near the opposite bank . teasle wade across , draw he sicearm . past crashed motorcycle - toward teasle 85 wading to it , examine it cursorily , look off toward -- teasle's Pov - mountain forest in the fade light , a impenetrable ocean of deep green , teasle - draw walk into the draw , eppraise the steep slope he know rambo climb . holster he gun , he cup he hand , call -- teasle I know you can hear I . you be & over ! you be go as far as you be gonna go ! ext . forest - day teasle 's voice carry on the breeze , but there be no * response , only the forest silence . * &9 9d first blood - rev . 11/24/81 25 . omitted £ 9 '' ext . forest - dy ~ rambo 30 catch he breath on @ creccy rise , he gaze scan through the forest ené sby a abandonec cuarry . he rush over éné see én old piece of canvas . he . guickly cut @ lerge square in the canve and feshion @ poncho ... tie @ wear piece of rope around he waist to cinch the poncho tighter to he body . he flee . ext . stream - day 91 both cruiser come to a jerky stop at the hillecrest . lester anc tch emerge . teasle wece back toward they , obser '' how both be hurt . lester 's nese be tape an@ stuffe@ with cotton . shiner be grow under he eye . 92 92 94 first blood - rev . 11/24/81 26 . continued : teasle he 's up there , above that draw . Radio in that I want orval and he damn dog up here . tell he to bring he doberman -~ it 's go to rain -- we neecé dog that can hunt on sight . lester , I want that sawmill helicopter now . if anyone give you any lip , you cite ‘em for obstruction on the spot . a a he stare up at the mountain es the camera push in . teasle : ( continue ) we will get he , no problem . various shot - stream # 2 ~ day - fambo 92 * thunder rumble 2s rambo hike upstream , push he stamina to the limit . the escape and increese cold heave teken they toll . each step be a little more arduous , 2 little less sure . soon , he misjudge the stream bottom end trip forwerd into 2 splzesh lend . he rest there , wind , tremble . he be engry with himself too -- like a fine athlete go to seed . quickly , he push to a half stand , tremble violently , before he move on , flepping himself for warmth . kelicopter - afternoon 93 see against 2 cloud-impacted sky , prowling the moim - tein , fly guite low as it skim the dense forest region . & voice , magnify by a bullhorn , announce -- * bullhorn voice attention : anyone in this area . attention : hunters , there be a dengerous fugitive at large and a police manhunt be in progress . evacuate this area immediately ! the above be repeat throughout the '' copter 's " change , of course . ext . forest # 2 - day 34 another angle - helicopter - see through branch * eas it loop down to almost treetop level , shaking the upland stretch of forest with its whapping engine roar and bullhorn message . ccantingier , ) i i 94 $ 5 PST slood - fev , 12/24/81 27 . continued : a4 it pass overhead end circle towerd enother high forest mass . now , camera angle down and slowly move in on the undergrowth of the forest just pass . for a moment we seé nothing more than leeve end branch until they stir end a human figure materialize . he watch the helicopter diminish in the distance . now , he move out , head towerd the peak . but it be obvious that the camouflege and the ' ccpter 's presence inhibit he progress . ext . forest t2 - day various shot - forest - posse .o ue Three doberman tracking dog pull orval , a young , hard - look hunter , rapidly uphill . teasle and shingleton be next , follow by Mitch , Ward end belford , a young reserve officer whose jocular spirit suggest a day of sport shoot with the boy . teesle end shingleton cerry small walkie-taiky and both occasionally shoor worrieé look through the treetop to the gethere storm cloud . it be obvious that this man ere well eccugint with the terrain . they move quickly and surely in centrast to rembo . seingleton ( jogging ) wo not be much longer , will . you 'l heve he skinned , stuff end hangin’ on you wall . teasle just keep move . orvel 's dog swerve towards werd . he recoil . ward do nor get that dog near I , orvel . I do not trust the besterd . orval ( smile ) then keep move ' cause they can eat and run at the seme time . just then , the dog strein egainst they leash and veer off in a radical direction change . orval ( continue ) look at that . ( continued ) os 6 first blood - rev . 11/24/81 26 , continued ; 95 ward what ? teasle he 's head straight up to the sumnit . orval streioht for it . balford {to Mitch ) summit . he tell we this guy 's dangerous . Hell , what he be be dumb , shingleton but he 's get some stamina . say that much , t'll mitch this whole thing be no good . b2alford why ? mitch no good ~- I be tellin ' have . there wes three of we hold he gown ané he go through we like we be not even thare ! ext . forest # 3 - day - rambo move cautiously bet steadily upgrade , huece the zree for cover , he eye constantly search the sky for sight of the prowling ' copter . rambo stand there for a moment , strain to hear , to fix the distance separate they , then remove 2 compass from the handle of he knife . rambo ( heaving ) C 'mon , get you breath -- get you breath ! which way ? ( look at the compass ) North . +e 97 98 first blood = rev . 11/24/61 28h , ext . forest # 3 - dey - posse s7 its pace be getermine by the energy of the dog who have the scent and be lung furiously at it . ext . forest + 4 ~ higher elevation - day - rambo sb kneel at the forest edge , surveying -~ ee ee ee 99 100 - 101 lola first blisde rev . 11/24/81 2o. . sp see i . we they rise in a steep craggy wall where this stretch of forest end . cloven through the wall be a narrow pess not much wider than a man 's shoulder . io rock rlmbo get through it -- get through it ! do not get tired , c'mon ? he again search the sky for @ chopper , then move out and up through the rubble of rock toward the summit pess . various angle - the pass —- rambo 100 naor rambo work he way up the chimney - like incline , wit eventuelly reach -- rambo «+. faster : the summit - meadow of promontory - day dor ) as rembo hoist himseli up and over the final narrow bid niche ané stend at the summit 's edge , we see that it ~ open onto two thousand yard of expose , boulder - strewn grasslenc , surround on all side by a grey , fuiminatine sky . it be run , not hide country , ané as rambo leave the pass , he be do just thet , cress the open ground eat a full run . ext . ~ wooded slope - day g12 rembo run down a thickly wood slop . suddenly , he break out of the wood to find himself , to he horror , on the edge of a precipice look down a geep gorge with a rolring river at its bottom . rambo . what the hell ! you trap yourself ! Dumb bastard ! ... gotta get out . gotta get out . his head snap around and he start back in the direction from which he 's come . but now he 's bring up short by the SOUND of the dog , closer now , and @ugment by the occasional shout of someone in the posse . ee ee ee eee ee 102 103 104 105 106 107° 108 irst blood - rev . 11/24/81 zon , omitted 102 ext . cliffside wood - day 103 rambo realize becktrack world take he right into the arm of the pesse . sheddine ore camouflege , he reverse he fiel¢ again and rec to the fer edge of the promontory . edge of promontory - rambo 104 Teaching the edge of the precipice . ke run along the edge look for a way down . rambo' Pov from the ledge ~ cliff face 105 vi cropping one hundred sheer foot to a knot of treetop ene ) rock . - : rambo -.. do not think -- move . rambo : 106 ere be none . he study anphold , crevice , out - mull over he option . the cliff face , look for cropping . ext . cliff face - day - rambo 107 slowly work he way down , fincing hold and testing they , sometimes dangle by he fingertip , he shoe scratch for purchase . ~ short dissolve to : cliff face - rambo 108 have memage to cover some forty foot ... ( continued ) 108 109 110 111 112 '' 113 114 - rev , 11/24/81 conttrued : 106 ... ané ig inching slowly downward when the first whapping sound of the helicopter be hear . he look around frantically . no sight of the chopper yet . just the SOUND which place it somewhere in the vicinity . ext . helicopter ~ day 1o¢ hover above the forest edge near the pass . helicopter be Pov - posse 110 filter into the pass , teasle be signal it onward toward the promontory . ext . cliff face ~ day - rambo lll gescend punish inch at a time , finger bloody , gkeat run inte he eye , the drone of the helicop - ter be gather volume now and he look frantically zbout , try to spor it , it suddenly eppear ebove nim with @ deafen clatter . int . helicopter - dey - pilot and galt 112 sunglass only partly disguise the swollen side of galt 's face galt look away , and the pilot react the something he see over he outside shoulder . he rep gelt 's ex and point toward it . pilot on the clifi -- relicopter be Pov - rambo 113 heng on the cliff face , look back . helicopter - pilot and galt 114 galt tear off he glass and drag out the high - power h.k. 91 scope rifle from behind the seat . pilot what be you do ? galt just bring it around ! ( continued ) 114 215 ~ prev . 11/24/81 31 . continued : lis pilot he 's iwmarm . galt be expertly threed he emn through the rifle sling and twist eround to keep rambo in view . pilot ( continue ) I do not come up here for thar . we be just suppese to spot he . galt bring it around ! the Pilot angle the chopper away from the cliff face , tise above the embankment , he indicate the welkie- talkie -- pilot just get on that radio and tell teasle we spot he . galt just fly where I tell you ! pilot I do not come up here for this ! galt grab the Pilot by the shirt collar . the pilor be terrify by galt 's rage . _ galt you listen , lf thet sonofebitch meke it down , you have lest he end you will answer for it ! heer ! cliff face - rambo 115 give time by the inexpliceble behavior of the chopper , he have work he way several body length down . now , the roar be back and he twist around to see -- 116 117 118 119 120 first blocd - rev . 11/24/82 32. the helicopier 116 shuttling around and hover elongside the face of the cliff . galt be no more than twenty - five yard away , take aim . the chopper be bounce and jost - ling in the air current of the cliff . ray ms ~ pilot and galt galt hold it steady } pilot I can not -- we be in 2 thermaldraft ! Jesus , galt , he 's stick there . he can not go anyplace . the pilot reach over , touch galt 's forearm . galt hack the hend gway and shoulder the rifle . galt Pov -~ over rifle sight - r4mbo 118 tne terget rise , fall and wander with the unsteaedi - ness of the helicopter . galt voice get closer and hold it steady ! pilot' voice I tell you -- we be in 4a draft . we be toe cless to the side of the corge . galt 119 stare balefully at the pilor . galt you fly this thing right or I swear L will break you neck ! . intimidate , the Pilot try steadying the chopper . galt snep off he seat belt to stretch for a cleaner shot . he put he eye the the sight . he lean way cut of the chopper . crack . gelt fire . rambo 120 rock explode near he back . 121 122 123 124 125 126 127 11/28/81 33 . galt v24 primece , set for another shot as the chopper drift . rambo 122 rarr . rock explode two foot from he head . ext . promontory meldow - dy 123 teasle and the posse heve halt , reacting to what they hear . '' omitted 124 teasle 125 ° holler into he walkie-talkie . teasle what the hell 's go on galt ? respond -- what the hell be you do ? helicopter - pilot and galt 126 through the walkie-talkie holster on galt 's belt -~- , teasle 's voice i at 's go a up that be you people do ? '' the pilot meke a vain grab for the walkie-talkie on galcr 's belt , but it be nolster on the far side . 1 _ galt fire . rambo 127 rock explode above he head . carang ! inch from he face , stone fragment nick he . rambo spit away the dust only to see the chopper sway and drift a bit , then swing in and hover closer than ever . in desperation , he look down . 128 129 130 i with my 132 133 134 first blood - rev . 11/24/81 34 . r&mbo's Pov 128 a horrifying drop to sharp rock . the close treetop , a lush fir , be yard from the cliff and thirty foot below he . helicopter - past galt and rambo 1 hy so eo as galt fire , rambo puste off and fell , spread like a diver . ext . treetop - day ~ rambo 130 * plunge down , crash through top branch and crack * to e@ stop agzinst 2 stort limb , and then fall to the * ground . he bellow with the pain of impact and grab * at he arm , which be ba@ly cut . * helicopter - ptlot and galt 131 pilot oh , Jesus -- he 's dead ? galt I can not see he , pilot he 's dead ! galt swing around ! eelicgpter . 132 move forwerd , rise , are around , swoops down and back toward the treetop . rambo 133 fight off pain , nausea , nestle against the tree * trunk . now , in b.g. , the chopper approach , skim * low . alert by the oncoming roar , rembo 's face con - tort with @ rage so great thet it seem to anesthetize the pain of the gep wound on he arn . helicopter - galt ' 134 scan the ground , treetop . suddenly he point down . galt there ! get in close ! 135 136 137 138 139 140 141 142 j2e / bl with to past rambo - toward helicopier 135 close in , maneuver for position . rz=bo hudéle es rambo close to the trunk es possible , the din of the hover * chopper be so great that rambo do not hear the next * shot , but bark end branch splatter around he . * ~ pilot and galt 136 galt be cirecting the pilot with gesture : " back it up ! ~- take it lower ! -- steacy tne mother ! " now he lean out of the cockpit for a closer shot . r4mbo's Pov ~ tee eelicopter 137 galt lean out of the cockpit , set himself . - ext . vietnam - day - rembo ( B. & W. ) 136 be back in ' nem and be be fire upon past r&émbo - toward helicopter 139 slowly settling , stsady . galt set to aim it '' gown rambo 's throat . rambe greb 2 rock as galt lean * from the incredibly close chopper . rembo hurl the * rock with all he strencth . * pilot akd galt 140 the rock hit the chopper 's windshield in front of the i Pilot . he recoil ané the chopper dip steeply to one * side . galt , already lean from the chopper , start * the fall . the Pilot gape in horror es galt teeter , * then lurch out -- . the follow occur in rapid shot -- * omitted 141 * 142 143 144 145 146 io ah 10 rais0 be Pov ~ galt 143 end over end streight dow toward he , hit ex branch of the tree , cresh through . galt body 4h Falls throuch , hit the earch with terrible , no force . rembo 145 es gown the clifi towards galt 's body , ing the stabbing pain from he badly bleedine er . 14 € 147 a ] eg rig 5 the gir at remi 's rifle . hse flick é '' pat en he race for the cover ° ock 28d ledge - dog , orval and ed 1 with # ~ ne om ~ aw with you ~ 149 continued : 149 slide gown the slope to the ledge , the heli - copter rise in front of they out of the gorge . of clift - tht noock - erm be stain rscrew the hanéle nylon gish line t's hesitation , zeeinst a roc ) . hi ci blood . he ves @ length of without 2 mo : wound up . 150 ledge ~ dog , orval and teasle . 150 reach the edge and stare dow . the dog sniff the spot where rambo lower himself over , circle to see if the scent go . 151 151 y 152 182 ' the other , stend ' nclude ranbo on he : ity on the ledee . he in the rifle 's clip . ip and look tack at the ledge . rambo i . '' treught ) 5 d@ you stert ? whet would you 2 ? you leave this ! you what the fuck ere you stert , & 6 ~- what 6 e | leave this doin ' , man ? rembo set the rifle down end walk out of he cover . 153 ledge - teasle , ET al . 153 try to méhe sense of the carnage . ward poor bastard . 153 153 bllford I can not figure it ovt -- how would he fell we ? it he 's dead , orval c'mon , lec 's neil ass -- he can not be far . ward sheriff ! look : 154 ext . brse of cliff - day 154 teasie and he man | 155 255 : : 7 ' 1552 reneg 's there 's one want dead . it 's not my favlt . 2 go not want any more hurt . teasle give yourself up . stey where you ere . rambo I heve not go anything . teasle do not move or I will shoot you . rembo ( move away ) I have not do anything . teasle fire 2 shot . 156 first slocd - rev . 11/28/e1 3er . clearing 256 rambo be greze aloncs the temp lently to the grounc ... bloc finger es he cover he wour4 , anc docge for cover as a rlik of bullet felis around he . he dive out of sicht . , ledge 157 all the man be firing at the tree line , accomplish nothing but teering up good timber . 1s7hr * gs be galt 's boéyv which * ont teke some moss oo * ang - ovt he walkie taikie . * telsle ~ sheriff to base . come in . * lester ( v.0 . ) go eheec , will . tersle lester , we be down in the gorae . * galt 's geecé alright . repeat . galit 's * éeed . we be hot on this euy ' 's trail . * where the hell 's thet goddamn chopper ? * lester ( v.0 . ) * he will not come , will . and enyway , it 's raining like hell gown here . the storm 's come you way . ( continued ) 158 159 blood - rev . 11/24/81 teasle teasle I éo not cive @ goddamn whet 's come my way . just cer that chopper beck here now . i gon 's go galt 's body leave out nere all night . lester ( v.0 . ) T will go what iocan . listen , will , we sure pick one hell of a guy to mess -- ( static ) ~~ come over the teletype a few ago ~~ he 's ... ester ( v.0 . ) ~- congressional ~- Green beret . mitch I know there be something ebout thet cuy . tessle lester . be you sure that 's a correct reacé~ - out ? over . lester ( v.0 . ) double - check it -~ it 's right -- what do you want to 60 ? over . teasle I want you to do what I tell you to ao . get that chopper back here now . out . pm mmr mtie sen to 1595 11/26/62 4c. continued : i uw wd he slip the switch . silence . every eye be on he . the first grop of rein start to fall . Mitch regarcés teasle belefully . % Green beret that 's just ward why go not you shut you mouth ? teasle what 's the matter with you guy ? he 's just one man who 's wounded . balford this Green beret be real bad ass . dor ! + stete teasle look at he , boy ! goddemn it ! ust oben you eye and iook at he ! he ené I be fr ss when you momma be still with mge you assi you listen to I he 's ge2acé now ! look et nis brein ! ke 's geac beceuse cf that . godéamnecé psyc t there ! now you listen the ing you listen good ! pin the congessional nour to he liver ! sithout you ! balford - I be ready when you be . he rise . a ee 164 165 ws be no first blood - rev . 724/81 boil with cerk cloud . Light rein . ~ dusk hour have pessec . kain splashes through leeve end branch . ext . - dusk rambo be see hack stell brench into point . ext . forest '' 5 - dusk teasle and the man be in hot pursuit . ext . forest # 6 - dusk rembo be shire gding he clothing and tie twig and other camouflage onte he shire , i ] a with 164 165 rst blood - rev . 11/24/81 42 , 166 ext . forest # 6 - night - teasle and the other 1656 the vain be come gown puch more heavily nnw and the sky be dark . camera pan orval and the dog 2s tezsle lead the man . 167 belford and ward - oteer in b.g. 167 grval they be lose the scent . teasle keep move ! hitch let 's get out before it flood over ! balford shut up and novel } mitch wnat if he circle back . for { ward so what . move , you godéam pansy . ' mitch ' ( lower i gun ) c'mon -~ he think he 's galt now . teasle ( grab Ward ) what the hell be you do ) just keep move ! ) : : mitch : the man 's go ! teasle ' I say move } 4 up ahead , in the flash lightning , rembo 's outline '' be see by orv2l end the dog . orval there ! there ! ( continued ) 167 168 flood - rev . 21/24/81 43 , continued : 167 balford kill hin ! teasle ( to grval ) turn ‘em loosel orval frees the dog . orval ( to dog ) attack ! belford fire at the outline of rambo as orval and the dog charge forward . two shot thud into two of the dog jolting then beckwerd . three shot explode into orvel 's leg , catapult he into the mud ... I be hit -- oh godéemn , I be hit ! teasle the wen flatten out es the lest dobermen leap at retbo , who be cemouflege . the other man be firing at rembe . renbo retreat into the wood with the dog snarling viciously on he heel . orval rill himl orva 166 stretch out , he leg blow cpen , rein rimning dow he face . orval kill he ! suddenly the dog 's demonic growls and snarl ere cut short ... the lawmen be consume with the unnerve silence . balford ( prone position ) where do he get a gin ? 169 170 ad , 16e , which be nothing prec ecross 2 peir of stick , in shocked silence vengeence . teasle 16 '' tezsle crawl over to orvel in e coubat shion . orval ger he ! uacnnit . get he ) teasle ( to the man ) put 2 tourniguer ezoud he leg . move ] orveal look at uy leg -- kill hin ! mitch , ward , balford 1790 hugging the ground . ward where would he gst e sun ? * teasle it 's gotta be geir 's . but he 's out of enmnol mitch how do you know ? teasle ' ceuse whatever he stop that lest dog with wasn 'c 2 bullet ... I go everybody to spread out -- fifty yerd epert . , there 's ho way out of this canyon except throvgh we . * - ' * mitch we be not gonne find he in this ! * teasle do not tell I whet you do not know -~- * ( to orval ) we will be back soon . * ward let 's go some huntin ' ! * 27e rarr ~ nn rarr NI uw 176 1 continved : fast dissolve to : forest - series of angle to cover - night the storm hes turn on Mitch struggle move balford move throvgh the gownpour , he heed constantly turn leave and right they eye as they scen the 4 flesh of lightning end the imege of rembo be see move through the downpour . with we sw be pa ] ~~ p ~ pa ui 5 177 178 181 firet elodd - rev . 2l/24 / EL le. teasle 177 get just 2 glimpse of belforé move too slowly . teasle heep move , belford . balford I be move out -- I ce not see @ cemm thing . tlasle just keep move , I be gonna ilank leit another fifty yard . . ext . porest ~ night l77z a pair of muddy hend reach around Mitch 's neck in a geeth lock . tch drop he weapon and begin to ség , eve nearly bugging from theiz socket . Mitch sereem , 178 gd shingleton freeze and then of the watling of Mitch . 178 peiz of foreé mesh on eave he vr no on the ground . ad hurl it a we see a ocge away . ward , balford , shingleton and teasle 180 the man ere fifty yerd epart as they cherge towards Mitch 's scream . '' forest - night 182 werd be bolt full ahead when suddenly from what appear es soak forest ground cover , a hand rise up and grab the back of Ward 's foot . he tumble . rembo rise from the forest floor and blend into the night . ward Son of 2 bitch ! here ! JI see he ! over here ! shee se ee 152 183 184 185 forest - night : 182 as werd 's direction than what the hell 's over here } easle . it 's Ward ] spread out -- I will go this way -- you get to Ward } teesle charge through the darkmess and lightning . forest - night 183 it ) on Ward 's yell . cook 2t rambo whose form be egei i 5 . rando stand 2s forest - teasle - night 184 with the skin-crawl SOUND of the wond men' plee fill he eer , teasle pause . teasle : who 's fire ? who the hell 's fire ?! forest ~ balford - nicht 185 '' the young cop fire the lest of he clip in rembo 's girection and he hear a body fall ... Ward cry out in pain . ward ( 0.s. ) I be hit ! hit ! ( continued ) | 11/24/81 185 werd hold he side and collapse on the ground hold he side . rard ( continue ) get he ! he 's over here ! teasle , 186 ke bead for the gunfire . balford I get hinl he charge forward to claim what he think be the fall ranbo . balford _ feont inue ) ! he be pir as he weil in egony , rembo 's face come into view clearly for the first time end it have en horrific .. rasbo 's face be cake with mud and so thet barely any white skin be show ... arouné he heed be a headband that stem the Flow of blood from he pullet wound . his body be cover with forest camouflage except for he erm thet ere elso cover with mud ... belford grit he tooth and almost snarl at rembo . balford ceontinue ; shat - teringly ) go on -- kill I . go on ! TI be not beggin 's -- kill I ! go onl ! rembo empty balford 's gum and leave . forest - teasle - night 187 teesle and shingleton rush in the direction of baliord 's voice . branch cut he face . pattadn ( mm gn = ly 188 191 193 194 tot get 188 ort onest - k shingleton be hearing moan in three direction . he turn one way , then encther , he heed tower belford . omiite 189 ' to a a 1 ad oc forest - he follow ealford 's wail and see he twenty yeré ahead . teasle shingleton ! I have find he ! shingleton ! ] over herel 191 rd teesle 's voice . he mm h rot be suddenly ank beckward . 192 ord to the groimd . orval and king point ... gleton . shingleton ! teesle move away from the mosn belford . teasle 193 instinctively meke 2 move to go out to he ; be drive beck to cover by zore lightning . teasle's Pov ~ fast pan 194 rock and tree . no life . no movement . the sky go dark 2egein . the thunder spend itself . only the SOUND of rain . ' ts 2 1 a ~~ N of x of with uw of 125 back to scene ios then , ad@ine to the nightmarish quality of the moment , a faint cry -~ BK moen . it startles tsasie . shingleton ? or rembo -~ bait ? he swiftly mehe he way to the eége of the outcropping end loor . shingleton be é ir that holé he by the * the 's hancés be t * beck by & pair of handcuiis , eac * et teasle st * sight of neleton and the many '' 196 low angle ~ prst shingleton ~ teasle in b.g. 19 € * F 1 it and cisapp E fipe BU ré bark rip off tree near 's head . the ground kick up near he foot . 17 terele lg ? from the outcropping , pest shingleton , .st ol in the c¢irection of rambo . igs omitted igi * 129 omitted igs : * 200 2012 201c 203 first blood ~ rev . 11/26/81 charcing towaré pesiticn clicser to where he believe rarbeo be . tee forest edce - toward teasle and look ke look in 2 360 decree circle and see no trace of renbo . teasle you goddsmm coward -- you be mine , understand , ( more ) ( continued ) 203 205 rev . 1/6/82 52 . 205a ent . forest - night 2053 the clnera pull back to reveal rembo kneel in the gownpovr study teesle in darkness ... rembo slowly fade sack into the cerkness . 206 omitted 206 fade out . in : ay oe 207 208 208a 1 " a ~~ om N , é u t 4 omit 207 ext . field hesdoqularters ~ morning 20e a number of vehicle be haphazardly park -~ cruiser represent both hope anc the State folice ané other local police , ambulance , food wagon , army truck and jeep , etc . two tenis have be erectec : a first aié tent anc & three - wall affzir will be gesigneteé es the Communications Centre . State trooper in ponchos keep traffic-gawker move along . National guarésman be in evidence , some hudéle arouné open fire , k helicopter bear the dead body of galt ride over - head , then lané on a improvise pad . tv newsmen rush up to film the scene . someof teasle 's geputy , lvine on stretcher be locate into the wait ambulance . % State trooper vehicie pull you : Captain kern get out anc go to the first lic tent . int . first aid tent - day 208 % a attendant work on teasle 's cut end scrape . he 's chanceé he clothing . kern enter . kern only gooé thine tc come out cf this mess be the business they be ' in town . Reporters be nkin' the place dry . kern study teasle closely , shake he head . kern ( continue ) will , you look like you be ready - to keel over . why do not you go home -- it 's my problem now . teasle ( look up ) you problem ? Dave , do not give I any of that jurisdication crap ! ( continued ) 208 % ellud - Rev. [ 1/€/62 cade e , br continued 206 % kern stifles a immediate reply , rise . kern you overstep , will , if you would call I in the first place ~-- attendant you want I to step outside ? kern ( snap ) just finish up what you be do . teasle 's eye be glue grimly on the ambulance that be drive up to take he man . kern why gid not you leave the kid alone in the first place ? teasle do you think the kicé waltzec into town , eannounce é he be @ congressional medal of honor winner and just for @ goof I decidec to lean on he ? Christ man ... 1 treat he dike he be a neighbour 's kig I be do a favor for ... kern what do you do will ? teasle {intense suppresseé anger ) I book a man on vagrancy and resisting arrest . I a@ié my job . kern you seem pretty well motivateé on this one . teasle go look at my man and you will see how motivate I be , if that do not - do it , go telk to Art galt 's widow . kern I hear you ... jisten will , I get 25 man I could bring in from Monroe . a appreciative look from teasle - a amalgamation of force . lester unobtrusively enter the room , ( continued ) 2084 209 through 213 214 ~ rev. 1/6/82 srt ue continued 2082 tessle there 's a lot of grounc to cover . I want to buiid @ net so tight he will never get out . 2 cs omitted thre 243 ext . field headquarters = day 21g rk government car pull up . the driver , trautman , lean out and address a trooper direct traffic . trautman {to a trooper ) where do I finé the officer honchoing this operation ? trooper trautman ves across the bridge and perk the car . with not hat ang with @ raincoat over he uniform we have no idea who he be , although he affable manner do not conceal he military bear . , he pass as trautman walk towaré the fi < er t.v , anc i a t.v¥. commentator taping é news news people be in evidence . commentator -- he be hide somewhere in this rugge , mountainous terrain . what still remain unexplain be how the former Green beret come into possession of the weapon with which he allegedly kill one deputy and try to kill six other . only they skilled training in law enforcement tech - nisgue save they life , and word have it that the fugitive will be in custody in a matter of hour . F - Rev. 1/6/82 og 1 , ser - b7e , int , first kid tent - day 215 the attendant leave . lester sir...uh sherrif ... you should know ... J hear the ...1 be ... teasle lester spit it out for god 's sake . lester galt and they , they be hardon the kid . Mitch tell I . kern asshole . teasle that do not make one goddame bit of cifference . if one of my geputy get outta line with a prisoner , the prisoner come to I with it and if it 's like he say , then I kick the geputy ass , ..me. , . the law ... that 's the way its go ... you start fuck with the law anc all hell break loose ... . he siep the table angrily for emphasis . teasle ( continue ) it mean whatever possess the good lore in heaven to make & man like rambo . . trautman goé gid not make rembo . JI make he . bll three man be take aback . kern look nervously at teasle , wno be fascinateé . teasle who the hell be you ? trautman Sam trautman . Colonel Samuel trautman . he go over and shake both of they hand , trautman hand teasle credential . teasle what do you want here Colonel ... we be kind of busy . ( continued ) mar 15 216 217 oa be a wo 4 with ood - Rev. 1/6/82 4 58 continued 215 trauthan I have come about my boy . kern your ? treutman John rambo . J recruit he , trainecé he , commencdecé nim in Vietnam for three year . I 'é say that make he mine . ext . forest # 7 - day Gas ) rambo be in @ large tree . he be exhaust , but he eye begin to grow wide . Voice come over galt 's radio lie on the ground beside he , radio operator' voice uh ~-- access road ané firepreak in the area , we have air coverage from all district . the National guaré be on alert and ready to move -- now , no one want to see any more bloodsh . rambo 's attention be center on a butk move below . int . first aid tent ~ morning teasle look at trautméen 's crecential , then back at trautman . teasle go not like he . trautman do not seem to mind . teasle why send a full biré Colonel to handle this ? trautman the army think I might be abdle to help out . teasle well , I do not know in what way . rambo 's a civilian now , he 's my problem . trautman you see . you do not understand . I be not here to rescue rambo from you . I be here to rescue you from he , ( continued ) 217 2172 2178 continued 217 teasle nod . he appear to be less than overwhelm . teasle well , Colonel . I appreciate you concern , and I 'li try to be extra careful . ext . forest # 7 - day 217 % move through the underbrush and dense forest be the buck ... still in the tree , rambo tense he body and almost imperceptively remove he boot knife , never remove he eye from the buck . 21783 ext . field headquarters ~ morning trautman you pick the wrong man to push . teasle no trautman , he pick the wrong man . trautman the boy be a heart attack . he may be the best special force ever produce . what ~ ever you be go to throw at he here , he 's be through a lot worse in a lot worse place than this . trautman take a piece of paper out of he pocket and hand it to teasle . trautman you be lucky to be breathe . teasle be that right ? trautman strictly speak , he should not have slip up -.. I be amaze he let you and you posse live , . teasle that 's ' great . you want to see why you machine blow its gasket . what happen to a few stray civilian be a detail in the report . ( continued ) t) 217b 7¢ 217d 218 219 continued this be what ra NVA regular . he get the meda teasle read the document it 's the offici the nastier det it make you will . it do , doesn 's h yeah . it be p soldier . what only when we we ext . forest # 7 - day the intensity build as t under rambo . .. rambo inche int . tent ~ day I be try to m want to ... you 'v guerille warfar gun , knife , b pain - ignore with eat thing that ext . mountain the buck be in perfect position and rambo pounce on its back . a wild fight comme int . first aid tent - day in Vietnam , he personnel . to by attrition . trautman mbo do to a garrison of by himself . this be what 1 of honor for . trautman al version so they leave out ail . teasle nder how we lose the war . trautman t it . teasle robably all that ordinary would you guy call ‘em ? grunt . tradtman be in a good mood . he buck move almost directly 's forward . trautman a@ke you see but you do not @ run across a expert in e-- a man who 's the best with be hand . he can ignore either , live off the land , would puke a billygoat . nce , . trautman job be to dispose of enemy kill . period . win it all rambo be the best . ( continued ) 217b 217¢ 217d 218 219 - Rev. 1/6/62 teasle you be as sick as he be . you talk about 5 ki11 at kill like it 's be able to blay the violin . tractman call it perspective . teasle we have get a lot to thank you for . turn this kid into a killer , then turn he loose et home . now this town be pay the price . trautman look , sheriff , I be just try to help . ying teasle o.k . now that you have get we all sear what do you ené special force think I eught to go with you killer out there ? trautman let he go . tersle what ? treutman for now . defuse the whole situation . defuse he . provide a little gap , let he slip threugh , then , put out a netion - wide apb . they will pick he up in Seattle or somewhere , wash car . no fight , no ~ body else get hurt . teasle I ge my own work anc I co not figure the best way to do that be to clese my eye and hope this guy go to Seattle . trautman tf you send people in there atter he , they be go to die , teasle we may be just a small town sheriff 's depart - ment , but we be expect to do onr duty just like we heroes in the special force . ( continued ) 219 220 221 222 continued aie trautman in special force we teach we pecple to stay elive in the line of duty . 1 sle no shit ? I never thovght of that . tracteak you want @ war you can not win ? teasle you figure 200 man against you boy be a no-win situation for we . trautman if you be go to send that many man , do not forget one thing . teasle what ? trautman % good supply of body bacs . trévumen walk out . chmera hold on teasle . he be unsettleé by he loss of control and what it may have reveaiec to trautman . grasp for something the counter - attack with -- teasle trautman : omitted 220 & 221 ext . first aid tent ~ trauctman 222 turn to find teasle come after he , kern follow . teasle . I be not sure just which side you be on . maybe you be here to cover you ass . but if you be serious about take he out clean , come with I . he walk off , beckone trautman to follow . 223 224 fir$t blood - Rev. 1/6/82 : €1a. ext , mountain overhang - dusk 223 rambo enter ané crop the huge buck and from he pocket remove dry ' weed and unscrew the cap of he knife and remove a metal match ... he strike the match and light the gry weed . the boreé voice of the state police radio operator be hearé over the welhie-talkie lay nearby . rambo ignore it . radio cpefltor State police to John rambo ~- acknowlecce please -- John rambo , acknowledge piease , over . int . communications tent - day 224 radio operator ntire note ) State Police call John rambo . do you tead ? acknowledas . he wait for the response he know be not come , then continue with the litany . in the backgounc , we see trautman , teasie and kern epprcacn . fadio operator ( continue ) I just want to explain vour situation to vou . you ere surroundec . # 11 pessible exit have be block , every hic every roac ance firebreak . the approach trio enter the tent . rldio operator you have we wear thet you service to the country will be take into consideration ané thet you will receive fair treetment . just respond ané we can work everything out . over . leans back . teasle he take a radio off one of the deputy . kern he have to be listen . if I be in he position , I would try and pick up some information , maybe catch some cross talk . {cortinued ) o 224 continued 224 '' 224a 225 226 trautman of course he 's listen , but he 's not go to break radio silence . teasle not for we . but he might do it for you . he 's you boy . trautman I can try . teasle maybe you can talk he into spare all we life by give himself up . trautman I will do what I can . teasle we will at least be able to get 2 position on he . that be if you do not mind set he up for we . : trautman / setting he up for you ? that 's like bring pigeon to the cat . omitted 224n * int . mine ~- dusk 225 rambo scrunches close + to the fleme , stretch out , cradle he head on he zmm and close he eye . we sense he drift into heli-sleep , he face reflect the circus of he rind . he pertly mutter , partly sing the music in he heed . rambo '' purple haze in my brain , 2 " Bout to drive I insane ... " * flashback - int . rebraska bar - saigon - night 226 jimi hendrix ' '' purple haze " blast from the strob - * ing jukebox 2s a dozen saigon beauty ( mini-skirt , short , tube and tenk top ) mix it up with enlist man in civvy ~- dence , drink , blow dope -- ccortinued ) 227 230 232 contin subjective camera pansing face , old man of nineteen , seeson whore of sixteen before we find the pevticu - lar , uncommonly beautiful vietnamese prestitvte and -- hatch CUT to : ne nn '' I ber slouly descend upon rambo , she rich heir fell forward , 2s he hend tenderly ceress end stroke and give love , as if he be oretence it be not cesh and carry . they begin to meke love and he stroke she heir ... es he move down to kiss she ... * + ao omitted 226 * int . holktrin ov ~ night 225 * trauthan's voice leeder celling reven . come on , raven -- = rambo be startlec , then instently guardeé , as he pull * he hand coim from face . the code woré be familier -- even the filtereé voice . still , he throttles the im - pulse to respond . the static-punctveteé silence have a insstleng efz ee 1 p traut ? continue ) this be Covey leeder to keven . . * talk co I , johnny . S voice o¥itted 230 rambo . 2321 instiner end trein at work . trautman' voice Covey leader to identify Baker teem . rambo -- messner -- ortega -- coletta -- jorgensen -~ danforth ~- Berry -- krackauer . beat ) confirm ? this be Colonel trautman , please acknowlecre . ( continued ? continued : we . ves during this , rambo 's expression have grow reflective , he thought far away . he nod atsently as though trautman could see . ° es . he : " ae rambo ce ( to trautman ) ... they be all deaé , Colonel . * trautman' voice rambo : be you alright ? over ? - . rambo Baker team -~ they be all dead , sir . , trauiman 02 sos not delmar Berry ~- Berry make it . '' rambo __ Berry 's go . trautman how ? rlmzbo get himself kill in nam and do not know it . Cancer eat he gown to the bone . get defoliatecé with orange once too much . delimar eat nail , man ! he hac muscle in he shit . after all he come through ... trautman I be sorry to hear that . t's gooe to hear you voice , johnny . t's be a long time . rambo stand ané pace . the radio stay on the ground . rambo be deep in he own mind . trautman' voice ocontinue ) rambo , you have do some damage here . but they do not want any more trouble . that 's why I be here . I can come up and fly you the hell outta there -- just you and I . we will work this thing out together . nobody 's go to bother you . {continued ) ln * we , soe vo : rr - € 5 . st ' a in 4 " blodd - Rev. 1/11/82 231 continued 231 trautman' voice faix enough ? . . rambo where would you come from ? . trautmark tor . ( off -guard ) .-. Fort bragg . - rambo ~~ - try to get in touch with you , but this guy at bragg just never know where to find you . trautman well , they kick I upstairs . I be shine a seat in Washington with my 1 ass . rambo , I really want to be a civilian , Colonel . : I try ... you have to take a lot of shit 7 be a civilian . I wish I be back in bragg . ' trautman . ( try to avoid subject ) ~.- we will talk about it when you come in . / rambo ' --- can not do that , ' trautman we be not send you out to waste friendly : civilian . . rambo ' friendly civilian ? here 's no such thing . ' ask the sheriff if he 's friendly ... or the sheriff in the last fifty town . : trautman I be you friend , johnny . I know you . ii 4 be there , knee deep in it with you ... the piss and blood . I keep watch on you ass . Hell , johnny , bail you out of trouble might get to be a whole life 's work for I . be . ( continued ) 231 232 thro 234 '' first blood - Rev. 1/11/82 continued hw ww have rambo woulé not be any trouble except for that kingshit cop . teasle stiffen ... eye be on he , '' rambo ( continue ) the man keep pushin ' , sir . trautman you gig some push of you own . rambo they draw first blood , net I . trautman' voice rambo , it go not matter who draw first blood , let I come in and get you outta there , ( no response ) rambo ? you still reaéina I ? rambo be not read he . he sit in a gaze@ silence . his hand find the walkie telkie and turn it off . hold on the faraway expression in he eye before ... oo zz i 4 ww to go ne ) to ntpone int . communications tent - day rn ) ua ue a awkward , unésasy silence nere . furtive clance exchange . ( continued ) 236 rs ue we crest - horning 236 racbo sit way above th cerming hunenity below hin . he wear 2 heecbend ang appesr to be mentally tren - perrec ck to th wmgle of Vietnam . re be hecting : sor ze '' , ~ rev , 1ll / livel television comdentator - early norsing 237 . . compentator the raticnal guar with stete and early this norn ... ( continued ) ne ba mo 239 - 5 ev . 11/28/61 70 . 237 pull back to reveal the co&re or be photogr Te and tecorcé by the team of 2 sobile unit , the mecia tas be gren™ ed eccess tb a area on the opposite side of the -rvoed from the field heedcquerters . Cars , reporter end tepe recorder , photogre mer , and the mobile tv unit . mestly the ev're just milling eround , veice i cevelcopment . oc sntator ( conti & ) waet still be unexplein by local euth es be how and where the form reen beret ceme@ into pes on pi the ' '' eepon with ch he eliegedly try to kill six policeman . but_only they skilled training in law enforcement technique save they life , end word have it thet the fugitive will tbe in custocéy in 2 metter of hour . 238 fis on += teasle 239 stanéing elone , watch truck efter truck of netionel guardsman move past , one by ome the truck swing away froz field ke rexr . trautmen cone zlong - side ( continued ) T blood ~ " rev . 12/s/ bl tear ee I contibued : 239 teesle start to say scmething about that , chéch he - sel= . too much hés 2iready be seid . telsle ocontinue ; turn to trautman ) why could not you guy control this haster é -- now we gotta go you dirty work . if he wes so gooc why the hell cid he leave the service ? trautman because he wanteé to be a ordinary workadey civilian ~~ like they -- like you . it catch teasle off guard . before he can respond -- treutman ( continue ) he 's not crazy ~- not in the sense you be think , teesle . -.+ but he go have to be stop and 1 go the person . who do it to be someone who understand he and go through he pain with hin . @ gowns the rest of he drink , pour another shot . teasle whet ére you cover up , tréutman ? the man 's insane -- I serveé with a lot of gpy like this -- guy Zlready on the edae when they join up . but you take he anywey . ( continued ) — _ —ew ws at ‘o continved : trautman no metter what you think , he be right for what we need , teasle then you turn loose 2a guy that can not do @ ang else but kill . trautman spare we the horseshit , teasie ? it be a matter of ' field expeciency ' -- we job be to kill . feriod . nothing else . that 's what rambo be trein to go ané @id exclusively for nearly three year . he do everything we ask of he and more . include spencing the last four month as a soner in 2 v.c. tiger ceoe -~ ch occasionally double as a letrine . but not nung tough . he be under control . that be , until you start he up again . trautman hoist he coffee . teasle I do not start anych . trauthan I do not come here without any packgroune . teasle what background ? travtinan really give they heli in Korea do not you ? teasle . what the hell be you do ? ( continued ) L 22/3/82 of 32. not wv ww 10 ae 26c 24 ) 242 strtéean . hea unintelligible voice , zs before we hear it , ~ lw merine Corps lm vilirea fezsle bromt ter , they at the ch n carpaign , ever t Di les ec service medel y & be the congr a c2i cf enc '' t . ( Christ , y i he be -- chet 's 28s bot sterte for all you talk , I éon ' you have get the gut to I zeain one on one , beczuse what have heppen to he ci something you could ex be , teasle -- the best . sintains - series of cu ts - 240 sly prote the nountein , forest . dissolve to : EB ' 2 . bank - 222 Mo one until leave rustle and the cemoutlege of rembo rise up from the sheggy bank , ke at the very point of 2 turn in the stream , gaze severe ) ? hundred yaré of current flow down - fis sense be rivete there on something he too -- bush crack , the stream water break with splash . to wa ae kr the ww 244 245 248 74 , e shallow , the benk , then stream 25 they ramso' Pov - upstream - skirmish line 245 ts appear in the distance -- a unflankable en . boy . 247 6ress in a red hunt outfit , ring down . he be too tren - mboo £o run or operate he break " shotgun . rapbo 248 the knife instinctively fly to he hend , zim . frozen terget -- sure kill . but with a release of breath and 2 muttere oath rambo 's muscle slacken and the knife drop . he can not smack that stupid kid whose mouth be open a full second before the scream reverberate from the biufi . £ 1 boy PA -- PA ~- pai of course ! hunters with the kid . ( continued ) to to m 249 250 252 in} ut with 255 24e li he try aeve up thet way he would be en eesy target even for they . rambo 's eye cert back tovwaeré the wood and the skirmish line he know be acévance up from the street he turn beck towards the tine 2s shotgun blast spray the cirt above he . 246 forest - skirmish line - series of cut 2506 guatdszen reacting to the shot and rhe shout of the hunter . then dsouble-tize it toward the source af . : ext . $ $ ~ dry - rembc 252 he sprint through the wooé try to meke it to the ceve . ext , forest ¢& = phy 252 from every direction end teke ét the flee rambo . ~ day - 3 253 re sprint towards a dilepi the bese of the mine entran right ané leit of rembo 2s h section of the bridge and rushe tne ground fin= intensify . guardsm 256 tne weekend soldier continue to chase even though some be becone wind end other ectually try to reload they weapon while run . int . mine - day - rambo 255 he teer into the mine 's entrance end move cuickly dovm a long tunnel . he snatch a snall makeshifec torch and light it in the low burn fire . meow Le yo ne atthyet at wee with : a ngs the hi rus , ights '' cast tent ang ith kern he entrance .* m coverse with veir 's flashl T. communicatio : be see . rive 'a h ' can &. x E a a of xr er % t * tepor we have go start méving “e : % # " - 4 lo. , morgen .~ , _ rambo 7 * this 'is Lt. morgen '' National Guard leader .5.1 ‘nm ' give you thirt econd : '' ee a phe cl een he scur , 3 " wondér e 3 a h* ) mar c I a u er ek a pagrate van obey kandsth tous . : ingehin eae a B oe ap ’in st thegtaiien . ee vighttie : ween ? to smenkvoice ? on oe 19g sot bet , jin 's the che potiea she ' gust be lng. suck 's avay , b i '' spot ' the '' < " glow : ryuntir smal ' eleme " ' ignites and he go '' several a noti . 2 be '' bei az : = fupport ° for a tledge or é begin ? to ower nimselt gowns when 's he arm be ol . neéeie ' outstretch ; nis foot come to '' rest on the upper - Fung of a ( 2 aséer . - 147 lmp y ov tan 's ebody ave end rs 57 som '' be 1 a : teal u of a y however he '' mar ! time when 's he bullshit , '' sr ' another dri 2 hisspul ushi tee : er gosdanin bonde tes hex than pou , smart lr a =fhey osec anae guy a to gue a a : ww a ie S 273 274 276 continued : 273 embo 's body seg es he stare hel pless ? , athe the enetrable wall of stone ucatront he . then he ms and look back at the current he fight ageinst to get here . suppres sing a weve of claustrophobic pen he stert wading beck , fast dissolve to : int . subterranean stream - rsr30 27 k wading with the current , c¢uck walk low clearance and once again . meeting up with the breeze which flute its wey through the cevern ené now move 2 zlong with the current until -- tne rock ceiling ebruptily end , and the stream roar imto the echo chamber -- c. edral 275 D ceiling rise high above the channel which surge its : mge up over 2 broad shelf before vent re into unpassable rock . above the sheli , a2 bleck heié in the cavern well many time ' the width c= ~ tan and into which the breeze reed and qhnistle . CA pan back to the stream 's inlet where rembo st sur g the chamber end the breeze which po the towarc the hole ebove the shelf . fast dissolve to : shelf - rambo 276 mescle up rom the rush stream and stop to rest below the hole . here the breeze whi bs zt nis hair beeré , and retbo imitete the whistling . he well he 's find the wey out , end he strength renew 25 begin make he way into the bleck hole , feel he say when -- a black flurry explode from the hole , squeaking sough - ing wing , head , tooth -- bat -- hundred of then spin crazily about he . rembo beat then away as he fell back to the ledge , flail , swatting insanely , bat the pest awey . his shirt ! something in there ! he dig inside he collar , grab it , snap its brittle back and violently heaving it away . ( continued ) any , lr/2e / GI es. 276 coktinve 276 tremble now , with totel revulsion , he stere up at the hold and the be circle the cethedral . his mouth open long before he ery reverberate upon rock , cuT to : station - late afternoon 277 th lester behind the wheel and tegsie '' in the pessengex seat , pull up and park . they get out and heed into the stetion . 4 few pass pecestrien _ pease to cast curiok - glence ef tedsle . townspedple great , will ! heerd you tookucare of thet boy real goodl ae lt sesie noé and enter the stetion . ~ 278 - full shot 278 who holé down the dispatcher personnel , the sre e ané the painting 31 in evidence . look . teesle sit read the phone message , lean back and close he eye , succumb to wexheustion end emotional 6 at . ke then sit upright and quickly exit the office . 280 `s clench , eye close , ck the revulsion . hen be ( continued ) 280 * oh ok of F ae ok be . 260 280 a paronyss of shiver betray he thought . he look up at rhe pest hole and he expression sour . rambo . usky whisper ) -~ keep go . ancher he elbew in he groin , he hunker over to weeze D fast dissolve to : 261 int . catredral ~- rambo 281 body rock slightly , eye fast dissolve to : 262 282 ing inside he , reaéyir be move -- up enc into 2 e3 283 eat wing . renbo cravis , knee , swatting the ts they we of he hair , mly the bet swarm , es ong , and lift off . rambo look up . realizing he cén stend , he do , up into --+ 284 chimney 284 the bat ere circle upward , flitting across the craggy ( very climbeble ) well of the sixty - foor chimney into a cleft of pale , efternoon sky . 285 ext . bluff - bat - day 285 tne sxarm burst from the cleft in the rock elmest directly ebove -- 286 287 288 wg first blood - Rev. 01/06/82 ° ~ *. 87 , tre national guard encaoment 286 which be be set wp near the collapse mine . supplies eat be carrieé into the ere by guardsman , '' ho ere unload truck perk a couple mile away . guardsin be Pov ~ bluff 287 camera slowly zoom up and in on the cleft . hold as rembo 's head rise into view and stop et the eye which peer gown at the encampment , then off into -' forest horizon 286 the sun backlight distant peak . b n q d F 289 insert : 12/7/81 int . artler be blr - day 2e9 teesle come in . there be murmur of " hello " and " gooé job '' from the bar . trautman study he drink . teasle appear next to he . sit down . treutman ( dryly ) have a seat . teasle hes a utterly preoccupy , subtly agitate manner . teasle if I be abrupt before , , I be sorry ... but he do not sound sorry , it 's more like a formality . trautman know thet between the two of they , he , trevtmen , gid more of the harsh telkin , trautman thet make any nce now , go it ? telsle {impatienctly ) uess S not . I suppose ... ust ... 1 feel like ... g the thouoht} die you get cheat tearsle x's worse than that . TI get this empty feel . I be supposeé to be protect people agzinst ... violence «+ but I would have be perfectly happy to tear that boy limb from limb . trautman do not sit well with the badge . teasle I do not kill . I stop man from kill . right ? ( continued ) oh fe , set rg des bg a eg se oe lae ' as ex tere ye eee ee oal 1 sot det 12/7/81 cortinued : 289 trautman it can get fairly confusing sometimes . in Vietnam , you can bet rambo and I get pretty confuse . well , we have order . when in doubt , kill . it 's all suwame up in that immortal line : " I ha@ to destroy the town in order to save it . " .... but hell , you be a civilian 's +- you can go back to you house and you wife and you life now ... you ere not under any pressure to figure this all out ... teasle what about you ... what do you figure out , Colonel ? if ionac let you heave you way with the kid , what would you have go ? ... wrapped he in you arm ané ven he 2 big sloppy ki woule you have biown he head off ? ... when a machine malfunction , you junk it , do not you ? trautman I could not answer thet till the moment I face he ! there be a long pause . tearsle yeah ... well ... I reed you ae just 2s well we do not get a chance to fing ont . you have a ride to the airport . trautman I can handle it . teasle well , it have not be what I would call a pleasure but ... have a nice life , Colonel . they shake hand . trautman good luck ! 292 294 first $ lo9d - Rev. 10/14/81 be . ext . national guard encampmekt - ( near mine ) ~ day 291 angling down from the cleft . cenpfire be go , pup be erect , etc . the last of the supplies be from the 0.s. truck as the guerdsn zo owey through the forest . ten get hevle ere pick th forest - sufply caravan 292 the tail en 2s pass we by , racios , digging be peck uphill by guerdsten . hen , pick up rembo concezle in the tance awey , obsezve the chain of mien ecvence z now discernible fire road with 2 stop convoy of National Guard truck . FIRE road - truck convoy 293 of | he supplies be crossing the narrow , muddy , '' road on the back of the lest half dozen four driver secure they 2 1 / 2 ton -d driver stend et the open door of he to get roll . fan fron he face iver to catacart , who be fidéling £othe lest trick . lead driver let 's move it fer chrissake ! he secure the gete , race around to the ceb , hop in . engine roar . int . truck car - catacart - day 296 fire he engine , then reect to the sudden rence of recbo , terror treeze ce theeart as cathcart seem incepable of function . the other truck ere already roll . rambo drive ! trenble catheart fumble the truck into gear . they roll . oh ooe ok of 256 297 2g& nn 0 sa 300 301 & 302 1074 / 8 ) és . of cut 295 ly fill the width of the nerrov , ly sneke downhill . truck - day 296 of crane 2 look through the wi 2 ne the content of nm enenity stashed ebout : fre zippo jighter , g mewton , cz be =o belt sit dead in the rack , holcing exp sweaet - rembo open the milk carton end érink hes to find cathcert stare at hin , cilk , ciger - t * re road - truck convoy : 297 mie wend its wey down the road sharp curve . 205 % 225 the third ené fourth truck ere move into the curve . the gep between they and cathcert 's truck be widen . int . 309 we see the fourth truck disep eese eround to pick we ané stretch he foot boot . the truck grind to rambo -.. go home . ; cetheaert hurry out of the truck . reobo take the wheel omitied 301 & 302 303 truck lurching beck into 304 304 305 FIRE road ~ the convoy 305 move steadily ehead , the fifth truck close the gep . fast dissolve to ; uy of a 307 ww go mn 302 311 the 5 + k gown the I not cruiser inch reflection in he thry 's , moun tai ith convey , fick up 2 stete Police cruiser need up the roec . the lead truck pull over to give the cruiser es much room as peesible . the other truck fellow suit . int + faibo - day 307 uuplicate the ection of the other erivess now see the cruiser slowly squeezing pest the convoy , heed he wey . rambo duck low , pretend to busy nimseli th so voblem under the gash . th < . . 6 oc nértrow to allow he to h&p no choice dut to sweet truck ~- raiso - one eye fastened on the rearview hes for cethcert 's sock - nadorn t t ~ 16 . with one rend , he expertly stert 's ext . FIRE road - state police cruiser ~- day sneke vp the rutte road in the opposite direction . ua pa oo bea 1 rarr 11/28 / EL 0 no convoy - day 3212 with pw n eccess road which inter - eed truck turn onto it . with m ww arta truck - r4&* b0 - 323 g to the sig the wider , pévec truck out or geez , prime the en - as the truck neer the intersection , lutch ené flocr it ! the trusk shoot 314 ext . access ro4d - the convoy - day - 314 kembo 's truck pull out of line , power 2 long the outside , pass truck , after truck . the driver react tp what they suppese be cathcert go nut . 315 b16 ikt . hope police station - central voice Roger , still work . what 's you story , steambozer ? trooper' voice look like somebocy prlee the , plug too soon . that rembo guy 's on the locse egéin ... a on lester 's reeéction -- cuT to : 318 319 320 322 323 ent . access road - cathcart truck - dusk 317 burn up the esphalt . the road eventually branch ofi onto a t ee- lane highkey . a sign y>int to matti - ambdo until he swing the truck onto the son . follow highwey . curt to : gulh roldelock - day ( dusk ) ble a lot of frenetic activity here 2s 2 roadblock be set up . Red warning light mount on crate in front of the jeep . guardsman with rifle be pesition on the flank . ext . highway ~ cathcart truck - day ( dusk ) 319 ezreling . ext road - state police cruiser - day ( dusk ) 320 neer the intersect access roac . n be see in the reer seet . ikt , cathc . art 's truck - rambo - day ( dusk ) 321 catch first sight of the ketional cuerd rpedblock , szill some distence away the news be obviously we . ke tromp on the gas . ext . access road 322 ' with v 4 >» ' vw od q be a " a t oo ws a 3 in ow 1 9 m4 a u c 7 & e road , celereting ¢ing onto it Zz ze i esher eng siren . ) herd , turn on ext . national guard roadblock - guardsmen - day ( dusk ) 323 crouch , rifle up . the monster hurtle down the highway towerd they be move faster than any deuce and 2 halrer wes ever mean to ~-- end show no sign of be intimideted by the roadblock . a dozen burst of rifle FIRE tear into it but miss the vitel organ as the truck plow ws through the crate and jeep , heaving they aside . the truck céreen , fish - teil , regains balance end roar ahead . 326 325 326 32 ? 330 331 4.50 - dsy ( dusk ) we 1 6 be still clipping et the back of the rig . the be shot up , the windshielé spider - webbed , and ours from the hood . R '' check the teatview see mothing in pursuit , bur know it will not be derkness be fall repidly . ext . surctign of access road and righway - night 325 ( dusk ) the State Felice cruiser be joineé by second cruiser . they scorch the highway , siren wailing , int , cathcart truck - rambo - night ( dusk ) 32 € sguint through the dgamage windshield toward -- famsd be Pov - road sign 327 it reed : ' hope welcomes sate driver " 27 ( dusk ) 32& roar past camera . with no 0 ext . gas station - night ( dusk ) 330 the stetion , which sit on the edge of the highway , be close and night light cast pele illumination across the canopi ed drive . Im distant b.g. the headlight of cethcert ' 's truck eppeer . int . cathcart truck ~- rambo - night 33 bis gaze elternate between the roed and rearview mirror , ( continued ) you uw we 332 334 ww ws you uw you a 337 338 bev. 1g/14/b1 os. 331 ke now one- handés the wheel , stuff the exo belt into tend threecing the N - 80 over he shoulder . he * stough the windshield . you with nn ranso' Pov - tee gas station as the truck close in on irl int . cathcart truck - rambo - night 333 brace himselZ , floor the accelerator . ext . gas station - cathcart truck - night 334 i messive two end e half tonner suddenly veer in im the highway , head directly for the pump at peed , the first impact shear the pump from the the truck then cresh herd into the canopy bring the ovethang twi cing and siesh snd the rig which heng up in the fall beaz , " oo peo 1 a dl ety hs grim 4 ngle a4at tre wreckage 335 gzsol gush from the severe putp , coursing down the drive toward the highway . wreckage cathcart truck / gas station - rambo 336 seremcle from the ced . he can hear the f2int SOUND of slrex wailing in the distence . he snep cethcart 's zippo lighter open , spezk the flane end toss it . wreckage 337 it burst into fleme . gesoline trail ignite into Fire stream thet streak across the drive onto the highwey . rambo 338 rece into the sodden field thet border the highwey eas -~ uw with will 340 341 345 346 347 my a4 mte in ny bu C of oo u ' a n '' & rer ~ N 9 ~~ '' the oo n rh i ut oo Z u a 10 explosion a bell of the high - ext . hope police station ~- teasle , lester akd 34 k preston - night 342 look et the i ent several who stand by teasle's Pov 343 across the forest towerd town , nile eway , the bril - lient glow of the blaze lighting up the night sky . ext . gas station -. the two state police cruiser - bll night ere bring to 2 shudder stop by the continue the boil we canto the high asphalt . eat . " the antler " - toward police station - nigh 345 where teasle drive up end give some hurried in - struction to lester and Preston . they scramble into lester 's cruiser , dig out end speed down the mein ére , head for the fire . trautman 346 who study teaesle intently , wait for some sign , ome coniirmetion of he suspicion . teasle . 347 " teavemante ove hut give he nothing . he turn 349 350 ua you not ay t a 0 with be ~ the mn ~ 7 oe with ext . g&s station - nigt 348 i the trooper izom the first creiser sre run éeround the fire by wey of the field , try to get a closer look et the burn truck the griver of the second cruiser be follow in he vehicle or , tather , try - ing the , because the cer elnost immediately become mire gown in the spongy earth , its wheel spin ené spew bud . ext . hope - full - rlght 349 two fire engine ere streaking down the street , bell clanging , siren scream . a procession of civilian cer be elreedy form end heed for the fire . ext . field - rambo - nicht 350 's he move steadily ecross the the fire rage . 351 * turn to find travtman stanéing ing the recerk , teasle conti ' sthan observe this for 2 moment , we iz I be you you be think while you can . teasle you clear the hell out , trezutnen ! x trautman the kid be not sun for I . teasle wheat ere you talk 2 bour ? you set it up end now he 's come -- and that 's the way I go itl finish loed the clip , he slip it into the pistol , work the action so the a bullet be in the chamber . ( contlued ) rev , 20/16/84 oe . 351 cowtinved : 351 trau than wnet the hell be go to take to convince you ? tezsile give he a2 look , lock the gun cese , flick off the light , move past trautman into the main . office . 352 MAIN office 352 teesle cross to the rifle reck , unlock it , go through the business of select 2 piece under which -- trautman . Way do you want to die here tonight ~~ because thet 's what 's go to heppen . teasle , we will see who bury who ! , trauthan ' there 's only one person in this i toor with halt chance -- 's look ) het deech better 's ecause I be the femily thet he ioplicati trautm ! | what meke you so bent on do this ? teasle I have respect im this town . trautman you still de . teasle not like before that son of a bitch come . ( continued ) 353 355 first elcid + fev 2e/ei 93 352 tradtman you think this be go to get you tespect beck ? ) teasle that ane more -~ now this be the last time to get the hell out . ext . field 333 the i hope ; pzddock ané chicken coop rrite . jonbkesd cer , howling dog end dzy - é mad . fi dil rd the ght ef town ear . headlights rill the connect - no t y ves race out to battle or witness he tableeu appeét to be we focus : hen figure exploée into f.g. , Le c '' - - 354 we he way through this i abush he with a open e theps hal e rile from 1 & MAIN STREET . follow k cline yard and snoke - Zr enly the loucspezker = ing he to 2 deed stop . . S voice m all pedestrian -- cleer ets immediately and remain until further instruction . 2 Police Department order -- int . police station ~ teasle - wight 355 direct he loudspeaker nessage to the smatter of people who 6ot the mein érag . teasle ( into microphone ) -- for you ow serety -- ( more ) ( cokrtinued ) 355 356 357 aw uy om first eldod - ll stesel 1 co , continved : 335 tessle ( cont 'd ) ~- cleer the street inmeciztely and renein indoors until further instruc , @riic cown 356 firm : .e@ 10 road bep ever could , the perv humor it rise into reabo " 's eye . 357 Light ing whi 358 359 2 t both side of the fire wt he rationsl & wr ae try es he = ly bog in on ghvay , lester and fre have be unsuccessfully try ro unclog civil treffic which hinder the act = enter . lester stand at the door cf hi talk into the radio mike . — mess , whether he 's still thet truck or whet -- a sow '' + of a oa & to would sta & n beoe *d 's a wt off at oy suis with e - vo fic oo G a will - wi aa veh om vel aougd en 3 gait bebe gev a 2 ouuwv ow i rat gp . mary un '' aw . oo ad on - of '2 ' oo a o mo ugeet I ego ko ww fi deri ent a . ao uw abet oo aq wa ad set da '' 4 > qo om uy 5 oe a of Mo Ben - } be oo new '' a 4 gh a o uae ! ert ia ara ? i '' & foot on ae oo he oh od oo t i " ori id ag we et bom oo wu wei od a eh lg will kw wee wo . bert a wea 6 fxalve ey wd ao see a gh i wy war ow woyaeie oa poe ) now co gow 13 320 og ut U wa ctw 'o o ay to ww will out io fi kdet of 7 2 @ obo ah ei a ) to ce ae 06 . maw ae a ww +t 's oo mh fas of aa. will a B a Su y be a eo ry loort wig faite he ue et D wy to wd 00 with to qo , seb a ort nohwuo lo gelert wo wg bert the ah os a hen b> - on ' 0 wu on kk ow oo ae U. gheeat bouin ob vel at to om sw I ow uw 104 gri go oa 6 wea ww ug U oo ww wen & Zn hw 'a iy qt net ie gs a ig uy wa to '' uo 4 ah oo a2 04 . aa on grinaa het D doh will a bh a ohh aos uf ert ah a wu ay au vo ow '' ab set om eri et rl oo hest 363 364 365 368 369 Zo - rev . 11/28/81 drag - reverse angle 363 a chain of overhead streetlight ( the sort j.c. festoon for cnzistue ) extend the length , terminor just beyond the face of the jail . cali ( the jjeil and surroundings ) the south of town . renmbo be advance fron the north . streetliget ( NORTH end ) 6d the globe nearly fill thd fravd before cayerl rapidly pull back , revealing we position , 2 garken walkwey between bi vilding . rembo 's stlhoultte rise into Z.g. , the 1 !- 60 et he shoulder . streetlight ( NORTH end ) 365 one shot erase it , send e shower of glass onto the pevenent . reaction 366 ece behind window . trandish hin back . emt . rooftop - night - teasle 367 ione behind the peraepe observe the chunk of cerkness in the ch ght . ie hes t uly degun and as puch es | tremble on the rifle , tezsle will not be sucker . * etop the jet sy & k rahbo' Pov - mltr drag 368 from the cover of shadow , we view the close store - front , the benk , the grocery , the brightly light jail still 2 block or two to the south . camer ancle around to rambo 's fece , intense with calculation . he well know teasle be lay for he . he know , .too , that the Chief be anneal he fear , but how long -- how much cen the monkey take . one final sweep of the eye before the N - 60 come to he shoulder and he teke ain . bank ( NORTH end ) 369 4 berrege of n-60 FIRE explode its window and trig - ger the alarh . uw ~ I of 371 372 373 11/28 / al 103 , D ) uw a of blast series of light fron he end of town into near der he ext . rooftop - night ~ teasle 371 sighting he rizle to the north , strain mse for sight of he , gunfire znd shatter p teesle 's heaé to the sout the stree ere ere go enc enorher alarm be cluiging , coniuse he sense of the kid 's approach . mis om 4 we 's als th or it he quickly sweep around irom south to north , the street be desert of ell life seve the medden alarm . a geme of nerve , sweat be soaking teasle 's shirt and stand on he face , his mouth work against its dryness and he tongue trace he upper lip , sevore the taste of sweat . the vividness of he eye seser bes the gnteningly delicious advence from tear to '' bettle high . to the south , window '' eire step teasle 's ition of Main Street .-. keep comin’ . ext . STREET - night ~ rambo 372 crouch in derkness one block north of the cazzle il light . e anticisvet return fire by now znd be rather puzzle by the ence . & crooked little sei work across he mouth . ferhaps the chiet be learn . rambo move low across the pavement , use the cover of park car to get the narrow angle on the neon tube ~ work of the antler 's ber , nearly ecress the street from the jail . he fire a cover volley end race silent - ly to the opposite pavement which can flush with the jail still one block south . ext , rooftop - night - teasle 373 react to the gless still fall from the front of the antler . ( continued ) with si ue 374 376 377 ue a with sigh rifle along the street below but see no one . then he freeze eas set off @ third alarm . Close be plere glass shatter , : -- helf a block north . he scramble along the perapet = he rise the one knee , to the roel corner , signting the rifle barrel into the sliver of pevemant he can cover from this close angle . he wait . y wreck form en auto greve - ver the scrubby field of this section of mein Street . pon heve be station here for no teesle ' 's beck , but on the CUT , no from south the nerth , reposition - . oof the third alarm to intercept tio . . I time , gu int . gun and tackle shop - nicht 375 h - 60 crash gisplay case loedee with rend be on the roll of upon yard onto the = Leap ofl end kerosene tin ere upend , pour they content over the exzmunicicn box . tne Zippo lighter ignites , put fleme to the wran - ping paper . ext . rooftop - night - teasle 37 é sighting towerd the pevemsnt es fire glow begin spreed - ing its helo . sense a shot , he edge out , craning the increese he angle . eat . town - niget - trautman 377 move north , stop as the fire glow illuminate rhe back window of the gunshop . ( continved ) ue nt '' I 381 277 eis goce insti e the tooltop , for sore ci €o Si the shoulé be taneu - verin , the a , but he be not . he 's gor anctner : course through 2t3o ( suegective camara ) 378 ds , past the back of building , '' fence . we have no ide of he mtil the light of the jzil loon end 2 quarter of 2 block north . k behind the antler and well past 60 . and tackle srop - niget 379 weecioz end the exmuniti shotgun shell continuous am tut we the follow . ina ext . gun and tackle shop 383 fivelignz 's : = '' ss es the bar - race incre2 1 fs STORM into Main Street which come be i - two second -- four second he shop 's le con - . tent ( kerosene , alconol , propane , black powder -~ teke you pick ) end the fire combine into a explosion which fumnel flane out ecross ligin Street , backlight - ing -- ext . rooftop - night ~- teasle 352 who lunge back against the parapet , shield himself from the sudden wesh of light . he hes react fast and well except for the tip of the -- 83 356 388 3 bba 3883 first elodd ~ fev. 12/21/52 ext . police station - night rambo run and hide behind a garbage can . the explosion . teasle poke he head up from the corner of the roof , to see what have happen , then duck down again . rambo spot he , then run back down the alley . omitted ext , jail - night we be in close on the carken front window as they shatter under a rain of m-60 FIRE . int . jzil - night m-60 FIRE rip the light fixture to shred , throw the room into halfi-light lick by the firelight from the cun shop . ent . police stltion m - 60 fire explode the front door and the window next to they . teasle run across the roof , reacting to the gunfire . int . jail extry - rambo - nicht siam a fresh ammo belt into the m - 60 ané hesitates for @an instant , strain for some souné of movement from the roof . his eye have already find the open trapdoor . int , jail - teasle - night rambo 's form be outline in the shadow and teasle raise bis rifle . as he position himself , he foot make a scraping sound . int . police station rambo walk from the corner the the filing cabinet and stoops gown . teasle spot he and fire . rambo run . rambo shoot up toward the skylight . teaesle fall down through the skylight . 386 with m sd 36 bt -* 20 ru 106 405 a 4053 5 c 405d plood ~- kev . 12/21/81 omitted int . jail - night extreme closeup rambo raise the rifle slowly to he shoulder . closeup ~ rifle rambo 's finger slide deftly into place . teasle contort in pain , but never remove he eye from rambo insane expression . teasle go aheac . go ahead , you crazy son of a bitch . finish it ! finish it ! rambo eis body tense . the rifle be position perfectly . his eye burn with anticipation . trautman ( 0.5 . ) +++ rambot ! rambo he whip aroun with he heart in he mouth stare geac into traviman 's eve . he turn back to teasle . loe . 's 2e¢ thre 404 's oo we 405 % 405 ° > a uw 405 F 4056 4058 fifst blood - rev . 12/21/61 closeup ~ rambo the vein in he neck bulge , the anticipation of the sure kil ] start to overwhelm he . trlutman rambo ... do not do it ! trautman in doorway trautman te you kill he it 's over . you have no chance , do you understand I . you have no chance . rambo his bocy shake more violently es he struagle to gueich the urge to destroy he enemy . trautman flease , I be not esk for he , I '' ask for yourself - do not do this ! do not kill he ! rambo lower the gun and turn in a fury to trautman . rambo where the fuck be you ? rambo & treutman all the spotlight be train on the building -- what appear to be 4 smell army wait to move in -~- trautman move towards rambo ... traut man assume a attitude of @ not - so-confident father iry to regain the confidence of a disinherite son . + trautman I be here now . no one 's go to hurt you out there . let 's wind this up . rambo still remain freeze with he weapon at port arm , his eye glaring with frightening intensity into trautman 's , trautman I will order the chopper and fly you back to bragg . ( continued ) log , s05e 405 F 4056 € 405 k 406 through 412 413 dave fist with lod - Rev. 12/21/81 continued ramso they be not lettin I fly anywhere ! trautman they will - that 's why I be here . a spotlight shine through the window . rambo duck . trautman hold you fire ! the National Guard ana trooper stand ovtside weit . 406 omitted through 412 int . police station ~ night 413 rambo be pull gun out of the cupboare , trsutmak think about what you be do . kambg ».+ how're they position ? tractman --- the building perimster ' 's cover -~ there 's no exit . rambo firepower ? trautman nearly two hunére man , maybe forty armed with m - 16' . why the heil do you have to start this ? rambo I do not . trautman the hell you do not . this cop push hard , but you could have walk . let I tell you something , rambo , you do everything you could to make this private war happen . well now you have do enough damage . it 's over . do you understand ? he walk toward the window , trautman ( continue ) take a look at they out there . look at they rambo . look at they . if you do not end this now , they be gonna kill you . you be go to die here . be that what you want ? tn eee ae 413 first bloir contirued rambo sit . Rev. 12/21/81 rambo nothin be over ! you jest do not turn it off . it be not my war ! they ask I , I @id not ask they !!! JI kill what I bad to kill to win . come home ready the kiss the ground and see all this maggot at the airport protestin’ I -= - spittin 's -- callin ' I woman killer , babykiller -- where be you ? why do not anybody set they straight ? trautman that 's all in the past , rambo , rambo civilian life be bullshit -- genuine bullshit / in the field we have a code of honour ! you watch my back ~ I watch yours . back here there 's nothin ! ocontinue } man , I can grive tank , I can fly gunship , I be in charge of million dollar equip ~ mment ... and 1 can not even keep a job parking car ! everytime somebody look at I wrong , I want to wipe the ground «ith they face ! there 's just no honour on the street ... nothing ! trautman rambo listen to I ! evervthe you believe in be not wrong ~~ goddamn it , it be necessary : rambo wnere the hell 's danforth ? we be always talkin’ about Vegas and this cnevy he want to buy . ' 58 canéyapple red ... he say , ' we gonna cruise till the tire fali off ?! first blood - Rev. 12/21/81 414 omitted 414 415 omitted be 416 int . jailhouse ~ night 216 rambo we set world recoré for fire fight and after five month in the bush , we gotta week of R and R in saigon ... we be go into this bar , and this kid , carry this shoeshine box run up sey , ' shine , please , shine . ' joey say , ' yeah ' and I go to get a couple of beer . the shine box be wire - the kid open the bex and joey change shape - it blow they bogy all over the bar ! rambo ( continue ) there 's blood ané piece of he 211 over I , I try the holé he together , but he inside keep slip through my hand . joey scream , ' what about my chevy ! I wanna drive my chevy ! ' I say , ' with what ? I can not find you fuckin ' leg ! he get cuiet and cgieé quiet . I still cream abaut it . listen man , I dream this shit almost every night - sometimes I wake up and do not know where the fuck I be . I do not talk to anybody for hour ... dey sometimes . I try to block it out of my mind , but TI can not ... rambo begin to sob uncontrollably and trautman guide he by he shoulder , 113 . first rlood ~ Rev. 12/21/81 ext . jailhouse ~ night 417 rambo be escort out of the Police Station by trautman follow by kern and Guard . they reach the bottom of the stair where teasle be be attend to by ambulance man . they walk down the street , where the National Guard and Police have surround the building . rambo look at the National Guard and trooper as he walk to the jeep . they watch he , trautman an@ rambo cet in the jeep . they drive away . the trocper anc ambulance leave and begin to resume order .