armst : rong by josh Singer base in part upon the book first man by James hansen writer 's revise draft May 11 , 2016 over black : static . and then faint , choppy military comm . playback from a old reel - to-reel . slowly we realize ... it 's in Russian . a voice begin to translate ... gagarin ( on tape , russian ) slow rotation , stage cutoff . english translator calculate orbit achieve . slow rotation , stage cutoff . calculate orbit achieve . credit over black . small font , the corner of the screen . but we focus remain on what we be hearing . [ note : this scene be play entirely over black as credit roll ] gagarin ( on tape , russian ) a sense of weightlessness ... english translator I see , I be over America . a sense of weightlessness , I see , I ... I be over America . murmur . a reaction . then a click ; the comm go silent . as credit continue , we hear papers shuffling ; chair creaking . voice # 1 ( sorenson ) Jack need a public response . this voice be a bit clearer . but only a bit . it still feel like lo-fi tape of a meeting . a important meeting . voice # 2 ( low ) shepard 's schedule ... in 2 week . sorenson gagarin orbite three time , a suborbital flight 's not a response . voice # 3 ( weisner ) ( hard to hear ) why not ... something ... clearer long - term benefit . desalinization -- sorenson Salt water 's not gonna sell , Jerry . ( then ) be there no way we current program can compete with the Soviets ? voice # 4 ( gilruth ) not we current program . the Soviets be too far ahead . we feel the room turn to this new voice . quiet . command . we do not know it yet , but this be bob gilruth . gilruth the only way to win be to pick a mission so far off , require so many new scientific development that we could be first to get there . sorenson you have something in mind ? we hear paper shuffle . a report dropped on a table . gilruth it 's ... speculative . a beat . more paper shuffling . sorenson how much will this -- low thirty five , maybe forty . weisner forty million doll ... gilruth billion . forty billion dollar . weisner Jesus Christ . we hear a door open . a whisper . sorenson Jack 's ready for we . the sound of chair pushed back . Men shuffling out . then .. sorenson Bob , hold up ... ( sotto ) he will not like the price tag but if I can sell it , where would we start ? gilruth well . we be gonna need more man . the credit end . a moment of silence over black . then we hear it . a low rumble . it grow louder ... then louder still . a scream engine . and howling wind . burst of static . faint comm . it surround we , fill we with dread , pounding US into -- int . x-15 cockpit , high range , above edward afb - day a pair of blue eye . ticking back and forth . rapidly . we be knock out by this first image , by the eye , oblivious to the RAW and frightening wall of SOUND all around we . joe ( comm ) data check ? neil ( 0.c. ) 2 apu on . cabin pressure be good , 3500 on # 1 , 3355 on # 2 . platform internal power . pull back to find neil armstrong , 31 , in a silver pressure suit and helmet . Neil be intense and intensely focused , impressive give the severe turbulence that bang he around the cockpit . joe ( comm ) what 's you mixing chamber ? neil ( into comm ) - 44 and - 45 . butch ( comm ) two minute point . neil ( into comm ) mh circuit breaker on ... Neil flip a switch on the low tech console . he glance up from the analogue dial and out the cockpit window ... and if the plane look like a rocket , it 's ' cause it be . this be the X - 15 . and as we be about to see , it 's the fastest fucking aircraft ever made . but just now , it be not fly ... or rather , not fly alone . Neil 's X - 15 be attach to the wing of a b-52 -- ball 8 , a four engine behemoth that 's shaking even more than the X - 15 . it 's more than a bit terrifying , but Neil calmly hit another switch as he 's knocked across the cockpit . neil ( into comm ) protocol be off . Little bumpy . it 's classic armstrong understatement ; underscore as we see the B - 52 pilot ( butch ) tossed against the window of he plane . butch ( comm ) worst it 's ever be , real rough up here , fluctuate a half degree each side . this just drive Neil into deeper focus . neil ( into comm ) velocity 900 fps , altitude joe ( comm ) 44,500 , pitch attitude level . copy . Neil , we be read you heart rate at 145 . no reply . Neil 's eye tick methodically from gauge to gauge . joe ( comm ) Neil , we be read you heart rate at 145 , do you copy ? neil ( into comm ) copy Joe . igniter ready to light . Neil 's not gonna engage . whatever adrenaline spike he body be experience , Neil 's determine to remain detach . a beat . we can almost hear joe WALKER , on the other end of the comm , debate whether to abort . at last , he relent . joe ( comm ) okay . Arm switch lite neil ( into comm ) check . go to prime . ammonia up . in the bumpy cockpit , Neil spring back into action . butch ( comm ) neil ( comm ) twenty second to drop -- rog , precool on , lox pump bear plus eight . butch ( comm ) ( cont 'd ) neil ( into comm ) ten second -- igniter idle , ready to launch on 3 , 2 , 1 , release ... suddenly the X - 15 be released from the wing of the B - 52 . through the cockpit window , we see the b-52 rise sharply as the x-15 drop in free fall ... a free fall we feel in we gut because we 're not cutting away . and if you have not figure it out by now , we 're gonna be in the cockpit with neil for this entire heart - pounding ride . so . we be dropping . fast . Neil punch the igniter ... the rocket light and we hear the roar of 57,000 pound of thrust . neil ( into comm ) and I get a good lite and aw ... the word be literally leave behind and Neil 's thrown back into he seat as the rocket take off at a violent rate . Neil fight off 6 G 's , reach for the stick . neil ( into comm ) Roll . he tilt the stick slightly and the plane buck to the right , tossing Neil like a rag doll and taking our breath away . joe ( faint , comm ) good on track , 15 second . neil ( into comm ) pull up , I be indicate Mach 3 . Neil pull on the stick and rise sharply towards the heaven . he 's pressed into he seat and we see the plane 's blue nickel nose , glow cherry red from the heat . sweet Jesus . joe ( fainter , comm ) seem to be a tad steep . neil ( into comm ) okay , I be ... Neil 's eye tick to the altitude gauge , spinning up past 150,000 foot . he make a adjustment as the x-15 push through the horizon , blue sky now turning to black ... neil ( into comm ) I be indicate 5,800 , push over . yes , that 's Mach 5.8 , almost 4000 mph , and we feel every bit of it ... ' till we pass 170,000 foot and Neil cut the engine ... ..- jolting he against he harness ... and into microgravity . for a moment all be still . quiet . we hear a buzz over the radio , but it 's garble . Far away . neil ( into comm ) 190,000 foot , no radio reception , set instrument to record high altitude flight response . Neil punch a few button as a logbook float past he ... because we 're suborbital , high as the first mercury flight . so yeah , thing float . oh , and the view be pretty good too ... Neil look out , take in the earth stretch , curving away below the black sky . the star . the moon . neil ( into comm ) 207,000 foot . top view , look out , can see a awful long way . everything be quiet save for the low purr of the apus . Neil turn he attention to the g-limiter gauge as the X - 15 slowly fall back to earth , the altitude gauge start to spin ... the plane shake , but Neil stay focus on the g-limiter , creep towards 2.5 G 's . which be when we hear it ... a odd SOUND . a mechanical whine . it seem out of place . Neil ignore it as gravity take hold , pressing he forward against he seat strap . we hear garble buzz over comm . neil ( into comm ) still no radio . 150,000 foot , little shake in the yaw . again , armstrong understatement ... the plane shake violently as the altitude gauge spin down past 120,000 , the black sky fading back to blue as we fall back into the atmosphere . joe ( faint , comm ) okay , brake out , check the rcs off . wind whip over the plane . Neil reduce he angle of attack , still focus on the g-limiter , still ignore that odd whine . neil ( into comm ) rcs off , brake be out , G - joe ( comm ) limiter not quite at 5 G as. okay , 25 ° stabilizer , hard deat turn . Neil pull on the stick , eye fix on the g-limiter , failing to notice the plane be not turn ... that the altitude gauge be holding at 115,000 feet . slowly , it begin to climb ... 116 , 117 , 118 ... the sky turn from blue to a chilling black . the shaking stop , the whipping wind fade to eerie silence . joe ( comm ) we show you balloon , not turn . the comm be drown out by the odd whine . Neil , fixated on the g-limiter , do not see the altitude gauge flipping up ... joe ( comm ) lot more leave there . Neil ! Joe 's voice cut through the whine , which fade . Neil blink , notice how quiet it be ... the plane have stop shaking . Neil 's eye tick from the black sky to the altitude gauge ... 120 , 121 , 122 ... shit . he realize he 's fuck up . neil ( into comm ) joe ( comm ) rog , I be read -- you be bounce off the atmosphere , hard leave ! Neil yank on the stick , eye darting from the dynamic pressure gauge to the vista sailing by below . neil ( into comm ) aerodynamic control not respond . unlike Joe , Neil remain calm ... but as we push in on he eye tick from gauge to gauge , we see the intensity , the focus . neil ( into comm ) switch over to reaction control . Neil drop the stick , grab the ballistic control . we hear a hiss as a burst of peroxide gas shoot out from the nose of the plane and Neil 's tossed back in he seat ... ... the plane 's nose flying up toward the sky , the horizon now above Neil 's head ; the black sky , the star , below he foot . and we realize ... neil flipped the X - 15 on its back , the nose be sticking straight up in the AIR ! holy shit !!! the canopy view be crazy , mountain above , sky below , the world upside down , but Neil keep he eye on the altitude gauge , inching up . 123 , 124 ... then holding at 125,000 feet . a beat ... then it begin to drop . 123 , 120 , 115 , 105 ... the sky once again fade to blue and we hear a slight wind under the plane . Neil 's eye tick from the altitude gauge to the dynamic pressure gauge ... neil ( into comm ) surface pressure rise , switch over to aerodynamic control . Neil reach for the stick ... but the atmosphere grab the plane , pulling it down on its back ! fuck ! Neil strain to hold on as he 's thrown around the cockpit with 9 g's of force ! the altitude gauge spin down at terrifying speed . 95 , 90 , 85 ... shit. Neil struggle , wrestling with the stick ... until he manage to flip the lifeless plane right - side up . Jesus . as Neil point the plane towards Edwards , the radio squawks -- joe ( comm ) Neil , can you give we a visual estimate of you location ? Neil scan the landscape , search for the desert runway as the plane dive like a brick towards the mountain ... neil ( into comm ) look like I be pretty ... in pretty bad shape for the south lake bed . joe ( comm ) okay , work the contingency for a landing from the south . Neil 's eye tick over the horizon , but he know what 's come -- joe ( comm ) Neil , there be no contingency . you need to get back to Rogers . Neil bear down , try to glide the engine - less plane farther than ever . yes , the X - 15 be built to land without power ... but generally , a pilot have a_lot more altitude to work with . the plane shimmy back and forth , wind howling at 300 knot . neil ( into comm ) I can see the base , runway 35 , it 'il have to be a straight in approach . his eye dart from the distant desert landing strip to the altitude gauge , drop 20,000 foot per minute . Neil flip he head bumper ... and smoke pour from the instrument panel . joe ( comm ) can we get a visual estimate ? the cockpit be filled with smoke ... neil ( into comm ) ... pretty hard to tell from here ... Neil hit a button . whoosh ! the plane dump peroxide and the smoke clear the cabin , but the view be hardly a relief ... neil ( into comm ) I be a little short than I think . Neil pull the stick to hold altitude , but he keep dropping . 9,000 ... 8500 ... 8000 foot ... fuck . it 's go to be close . we see butch 's b-52 swing up on Neil 's right . butch ( comm ) you ventral be still on ! Neil react , annoyed at himself . he hit the ventral button . the ventral fin blows off and the plane pitch forward ... Neil struggle with the stick ... 4000 , 3,500 , 3,000 foot ... butch ( comm ) start you flap down now ! Neil punch the flap . the plane buck up , reach towards the runway ... and now the odd mechanical whine return . push in on Neil , intensity burning as the whine crescendo ... 2,000 , 1,000 , 500 foot ... the plane hurtle past the edge of the brush , just clearing the joshua tree !!! butch ( comm ) you be in ! go head and put she down ! Neil pull up hard , flaring the plane , nose up , skid down ... the plane slam down with a bang . it skid roughly across the desert ... shaking violently ... and just as we think it might break into a million piece , Neil hit the back fin brake ... the plane go into a controlled slide ... kick up a huge cloud of dust ... and tossing neil across the cockpit ... until at last , the plane ease to a halt . for a moment , all be still . Silent . then Neil stir ... lean forward and take he helmet off . neil ( into comm ) I be down . butch ( comm ) joe ( comm ) Son of a bitch ! ( clearly relieved ) very nice , Neil . posse will get there shortly . as the dust clear and Neil look out towards the fire truck in the distance roll towards he , we CUT to -- ext . landing strip 35 , rogers dry lake bed , eafb - later a Air Force jeep wipe frame ... revealing edward afb FIRE truck , NASA pick ups and tech surround Neil 's X - 15 . the period car be cool , but we eye be draw to the x - 15 . it 's we first real look at the hypersonic rocket plane . the long fuselage , the thick dorsal wedge fin , the NASA signage ... it 's every bit as awesome as the flight we just witness . push in on the OPEN cockpit . NASA Engineers take reading off the instrument panel while Neil make note in he logbook . a beat , then Neil finish up and climb out of the cockpit . butch think you set a couple record . a familiar voice . ' butch 's butchart , 30 , flight gear , walk up with Neil 's boss , Joe Walker , 40 , thoughtful . butch grins . Neil nod stiffly as a tech with a map call out . 10 . tech butch , you mind walk I through the release data ? butch head off . Joe turn to Neil . joe you okay ? neil uh huh . I do not think anyone 's experience that kind of atmosphere bounce , we should try to replicate it in the sim -- joe Neil . neil yeah ? Joe look at he , concerned . but Neil 's not go there . a flight surgeon who 's be wait by the plane intercede . flight surgeon hey Joe , I gotta do he work up . Joe nod . Neil follow the surgeon off . Joe turn back to he jeep , only to find a grizzle AIR force colonel , late 30 . colonel yeager ( 0.c . ) kid 's a good engineer , but he 's not too good a airplane driver . bounce up in the thin air where you can not turn , it 's not too bright . joe he be focus on the g-limiter . it be a core flight objective . but it 's not clear Joe believe that . the Colonel 's tag glint in the sun . c. yeager . colonel yeager Three mishap in three month . it 's not my call , but I have ground he . yeager head out . as we hold on Joe , wonder if yeager 's right , we hear it again ... that odd mechanical whine ... the same unnerve sound Neil hear in the X - 15 . it take we to -- int . room , daniel FREEMAN memorial hospital - day close on a 2 - year- old girl ( karen ) . quiet , self -contain . 11 . pull back to see a cobalt radiation machine hulking over she . the source of the now familiar whine , it beam gamma ray into she brain as she lie on a gurney . hold for a awful beat ... then reverse to the observation window . Neil and he wife , janet , 27 . watch . int . observation room , memorial hospital - continuous Janet blink back tear , reach for Neil ... he take she hand , but he 's focus on the nearby instrument panel ... he ever alert eye ticking across the console as a tech adjust radiation level , set the dial ... 1.17 . 1.33 . Neil slip he hand out of Janet 's , pull out a logbook to jot down the number ... all while try to block out that SOUND . hold on Neil as the whine crescendoe . relentless . int . upstair hallway , armstrong cabin - night quiet . Janet on the floor outside Karen 's bedroom , she son , rick , 4 , asleep in she lap . in soft b/g , Neil sing softly to Karen , then kiss she forehead ... hold on Janet try to keep it together as Neil walk out . neil I ' 11l put he down . Janet nod . exhausted . Neil tousle she hair then gather Rick in he arm . as he carry Rick off , CUT to -- int . rick 's bedroom - moment later Neil tuck Rick in , methodically straighten the sheet . he spot a mess of a unfinish model plane on the desk . Neil compulsively move to tidy it up ... then pause . and sit ... ..- in the half light , he glue on a wing and gently blow it dry . the precision be calming . he have keep at it , but the doorbell ring . reluctantly , Neil stand and we CUT to -- int . foyer / kitchen , armstrong cabin - moment later Neil lead Joe Walker in . Joe carry in a casserole . neil can I offer you a beer ? joe sure. 12 . neil ( off the casserole ) that be not necessary . joe can not imagine Janet 's be up to much cooking . no. Neil hand Joe a beer . they drink . joe how 's Karen ? neil she 's do fine . Neil do not want to talk about it . a awkward beat . then -- joe Dick Day call from Houston , Bob gilruth be ask after you . neil for Gemini ? Joe nod . Neil 's eye tick to the NASA X - Press newsletter in a pile of mail on the table . NASA to Select more astronaut . joe I tell they it 's probably not the right time . neil Gemini and Apollo be speculative . we be up as high as the mercury flight , not sure why I have leave now . Joe clock the emotional denial , but do not comment on it . joe well . it ’1ll be nice to keep you around . int . basement office , armstrong cabin - later that night a small space . a desk , some shelf . a light click on . Neil walk down the stair , over to the desk . he sit . we now see neatly stack medical book , mimeograph copy of scientific research paper . all mark and tabbed . Neil open a large computational notebook fill with tidy note . he write cobalt session no.2 ... then pull out he logbook . he transfer the radiation level . 1.17 . 1.33 . 13 . a beat . he add a new head . side Effects . Neil pause . then ... fatigue . dizziness . extreme headache . vomiting ( repeat ) . Hair loss / scalp irritation . loss of appetite . Neil stop write . he scan the list , then grab a stack of papers on cobalt therapy and tuck they into a manila folder that he place on a shelf . beside a dozen other folder . Neil take a breath , then reach for a dog-eare research paper from johns hopkins . pre- adolescent glioma of the pon : experimental treatment & therapies . it 's well-marked . Neil 's clearly read it achund time . yet he pick up a high - lighter and start to read . again . determine . off Neil , we prelap the chill sound of a mechanical crank -- ext . joshua memorial park - lancaster , CA - day close on a crank . turn . lower a small coffin . tight on Neil with Janet and they son , Rick . all in black . Janet and Rick cry as karen 's coffin sink . Neil do not . he 's impassive ... but he hug he family close . tight . the SOUND of the crank take we to -- int . live room , armstrong cabin - day a long push in over trays of food . Dark suit and dress . quiet murmur . no laughter or smile , no pleasant small talk . there be no pain like the loss of a child . we pass Joe and he wife , huddle with Janet . Neil 's by the window nearby . watch Rick toss a ball in the yard ... barely enduring the condolence , the soft pat on the back . just when it look like Neil might break , he slip away . winding through the crowd . towards the basement door . int . basement office , armstrong cabin - later that night the desk now a mess . marked up medical book and scattered papers . Neil 's notebook , now filled , lie open . we hear the door . Neil walk down the stair , move to the desk . his eye tick over book ... papers ... the notebook . a beat , then Neil close the notebook ... slowly pull together the paper and the book ... ... - and , up on a high shelf , carefully stack they all away . 14 . Neil 's eye tick over the empty desk . then he turn off the light . and exit . we hold on the shelf , then CUT to -- int . bedroom , armstrong house - early morning close on a westclox electric alarm clock , hour hand near six . a beat , then we pan over to Neil . stare up at the ceiling . Wide awake . the alarm trill . Neil turn it off as Janet stir . groggy , she roll over , reach for he . janet Neil ? but he 's already go . off Janet , alone ... int . test pilot office , NASA frc , edward afb - early morning Joe , butch and another pilot enter , coat and coffee . jawing , laugh ... until they spot Neil . work at he desk . the man pause , awkward . surprised to see he . butch ( cont ’d ) pilot hey , Neil . Neil . neil hey . butch , you have time to talk through the data on the bounce ? butch ... sure , yeah , of course . lemme just put my thing down . butch and the other pilot head to they desk . Joe lean in . joe you can take a few day , you know . neil I know . Joe see he 's not go anywhere , start to head off when -- butch you gotta be kid I . butch clutches a xeroxed memo . he hold it up . a diagram of a strange , spider - like contraption , a cockpit on top . butch they want a free fly trainer to simulate a moon landing ... how the hell be we gonna do that ? 15 . joe I think that 's the question . butch they have not even figure out how to get to the moon . I be not waste time on impossible problem . butch toss the memo , exit . as Joe go after he , Neil glance at the memo , contemplate the challenge . his eye tick over the diagram , curious , absorb ... alive . a beat , then Neil reach for the memo and we smash to -- int . exam room one , ellington AIR force base , houston , TX - day close on a syringe pump water into a man' ear . astronaut selection , Project Gemini August 13 , 1962 the syringe empty . a tech dip it in a bucket of ice water , refill it and turn back to ... Neil . in he underwear . tech tell we when you want to stop . Neil eye a second tech with a stopwatch as the whoosh of ice water in he ear propel we into a series of short scene -- isolation room two tech walk Neil into the empty , windowless room . tech come out after two hour . they leave and close the door . the light flick off . it 's pitch black . Silent . a beat . then we hear Neil hum . neil Three hundred and sixty man in a board house bed , roll over , roll over . one turn over and the other man say , roll over , roll over ... interview room a stack of ' test ' be drop on a desk in front of Neil . he eye the first test . for each of the pair statement below , select the statement that best fit you personality . Neil dig in : ( 1 ) I worry a lot about thing in the future that could go wrong ; ( 2 ) it take a lot for I to get angry . 16 . a beat . Neil circle number two and move on ... exam room two a foot plunge into a ice bath . tech take it out when it 's too cold . a tech start a stopwatch , watch Neil . who settles in . isolation room ( pitch black ) we see nothing , hear nothing ... but Neil . neil two hundred three man in a board house bed , roll over , roll over ... exam room one more ice water shoot into Neil 's ear . the tech nearby glance at he stopwatch . Neil 's jaw set . interview room a last pair : ( 1 ) I like to help friend when they be in trouble ; ( 2 ) I like to do my best in whatever I undertake . Neil read , think and circle number two . then he put the test aside and reach for the next one . draw a picture of yourself . a beat . as Neil start to draw -- exam room two Neil 's foot in a ice-bath . turn white . the tech with the stopwatch jot down a note . Neil do not move . interview room Neil finish a fairly generic stick figure draw of himself . he turn the page . draw a picture of you family . Neil harden . as he stare at the blank page , we CUT to -- isolation room ( pitch black ) neil .-- but in the struggle , he neck get break , roll over , roll ... Neil trail off . a long beat . we feel he struggling . then , just when we think he might to break ... 17 . neil eighty nine man in a board house bed , roll over , roll over ... exam room two Neil 's foot in a ice bath . now blue . Neil bear down . neil ( 0.c. ) ...he turn over and no one say roll over , roll over ... exam room one whoosh ... the tech unload another syringe into Neil 's ear . push in on Neil , blank , numb . and as we go tight on he eye , we see it again . the pain there . the deep , deep pain . neil ( 0.c . ) the last man think it would be a great joke , to keep on roll when ... int . isolation room ( pitch black ) neil ( 0.c. ) ... not a soul speak , but he fall on the floor and he neck get break , roll over , roll over . Neil bang on the door . it open , the light jarring . Neil blink , then walk out . he follow a tech down the hall ... but we hold on a man in a tie and shirtsleeve . meet deke slayton , 37 , slightly gray , macho back when that be appeal . deke turn to the tech with the stopwatch . deke slayton how long ? the tech show deke the watch . 2:03 . int . hallway , office build , ellington afb - later the hall line with chair , candidate read project gemini briefing book . find Neil look for a seat ... when pete conrad , 32 , a wick witted wasp from Princeton call out . pete conrad Air Force ? navy ? ... leatherneck ? Neil look at he , blank . ed white Christ , another egghead . 18 . Pete smirk , trade a look with ed white , 32 , a lanky Texan with easy - go charm . but Neil do not engage . instead , he head to the end of the hall , find a seat and open a packet . elliot see civilian ? Neil glance at elliot see , 35 , a flight test engineer from ucla , older than the rest . and more cerebral . Neil nod . elliot see I too . elliot see . neil Neil armstrong . Neil turn to he packet , but elliot , anxious , keep talk . elliot see tough morning , huh ? I barely last two minute in the ice bath . I see one of the military guy keep he foot in so long it turn blue . neil I think NASA 's more interested in psychological reaction than physiological performance . elliot see I just figure he probably do not do so well on the intelligence test . this draw a smile , maybe the first we have see from Neil . a SMALL connection . which for Neil be no little thing . deke armstrong . Neil look up . deke stand by the door at the end of the hall , a candidate slip out behind he . Neil stand . elliot see good luck . int . conference room , ellington afb - moment later a empty chair in front of a panel of men , include Bob gilruth , 48 , who 's voice we hear earlier . in person , gilruth be tall , hawkish and as commanding as he sound at the top . deke lead Neil in , introduce he . 19 . deke gentlemen , Neil armstrong . Neil , you know Bob gilruth , head of the manned Space Center ; Chris kraft , we flight director ; and we ask John Glenn to sit in . I figure you watch he flight with the rest of the country . if Neil 's impressed he do not show it . he shake hand with gilruth ; CHRIS kraft , 37 , look like a 5as ad rep ; and JOHN glenn , 40 , clean cut , very much the american hero . Glenn smile as Neil sit in front of the panel . JOHN glenn deke say you fly for the navy in Korea . panther , right ? neil yes , sir . yes , Neil be a navy combat pilot . and if you be surprised he do not mention that in the hall , you be not pay attention . JOHN glenn good lateral control , but pretty stiff in pitch , be I right ? neil never bother I much . JOHN glenn ( laugh ) well , I do not fly as many mission as you . but I bet I take more flak . Glenn warm , smile ; Neil do not . awkward . gilruth jump in . gilruth Neil , we have be chat with candidate about the program so we can get a idea of how everyone think . now , as I be sure you know , we decision to forego direct ascent in favor of lunar - orbit rendezvous have have a major impact on Gemini . CHRIS kraft do you have any thought on that decision , Neil ? neil I think it be a good decision . 20 . a awkward pause . a beat . the JOHN glenn would you care to elaborate on that ? neil even take von braun 's initial criticism into account , the payload save by parking the primary vehicle in lunar orbit seem well worth the result challenge . kraft what do you see as the challenge ? neil ( consider ) cislunar navigation for one . you be aim for a narrower target , insert a craft into lunar orbit . of course , you have also need to design the smaller lunar excursion ship and figure out how to land it . panel wait . deke prompt Neil . deke be that all , Neil ? neil .-- well , the most difficult hurdle would be rendezvous and docking . but that 's only assume you want to get the man back . be he serious ? a beat , then Glenn laugh . the room follow suit , laugh hard , assume Neil be joke . of course , it 's not clear that he be . deke do anyone have anything else ? gilruth yes . Neil , I be very sorry to hear about you daughter . Neil nod , impassive . neil what 's the question ? gilruth well ... how 's you wife ? 21 . neil I think she 's handle it well . off gilruth , satisfied with Neil 's answer , we smash to -- int . armstrong cabin - night Neil , Jan and Rick eat supper . deathly quiet , a pallor hang . rick can I go play outside ? janet just stay in the backyard where we can see you . Rick scurries off . Neil barely notice . a painful beat ... it 's a relief when the phone ring . Janet get up , answer . janet ( into phone ) hello ? yes , one second . Neil ? Neil look up . Janet hold out the phone . he take it . neil ( into phone ) this be Neil . yes . uh huh . okay . yes , sir . thank you . Neil hang up . Processing . then he see Janet staring . neil I get it . he look unsure . so do Janet , but she bury she qualm . janet it 's a fresh start . neil you think so ? janet it will be a adventure . he look out the window at the night sky , unresponsive . Jan pull he to she , try to bridge the divide . out of habit , Neil wrap he arm around she , but he eye remain locked on the sky . off he focus gaze , we -- fade to black . fade in : 22 . int . conference room , manned space CENTER - houston , TX - day grainy footage of the Russian cosmonaut program . two vostok capsule blast off , one after the next ... agent welsh ( 0.c . ) two week ago , the Soviets put two manned spacecraft in orbit . pull back to find neil in the flicker light . he sit at a small desk , take copious note as CIA agent JOHN welsh narrate from beside the reel-to-reel projector . agent welsh vostok 3 and 4 be launch the same day and , at one point , orbite within 75 mile of each other . near Neil , elliot see look grim , but Neil remain analytical as welsh finish and deke flip on a vu-graph projector . deke the Soviets be ahead of we on rendezvous and everything else . which would scare the hell out of I if I be not so piss off . resolute , deke put a transparency on the overhead and draw ( yep , it 's 1962 ) two circle . he label they ( earth , moon ) then sketch a rocket fly from one to the other ... deke the rocket von braun 's building be big , it should get we to the moon . course , a monkey could fly it . but to get to the surface and back ... push in on Neil as deke draw a SMALL ship fly from the rocket to the surface , then return to the original craft . deke ... we will need man train to catch another ship in orbit and dock . this be the primary mission of Project Gemini . deke write rendezvous . docking . Neil , intent , take it down . deke prove man can live in space for the week it will take to get to the moon and back , prove man can survive and work outside the space craft ... this be secondary goal . 23 . duration . extra vehicular activity ( e.v.a . ) . Neil 's eye tick from deke to the screen to he note , get it down ... deke only if we master this task can we move on to Apollo and consider try to land a man on the moon . gilruth flick on the light , revealing the nine Gemini man , include Ed White and Pete conrad , who we meet bait Neil . now Ed and Pete look tense , as do the rest of the man . and like Neil and elliot , they have all take copious note . gilruth none of you need incentive . but this be very much a race -- deke and we be already more than a dick 's length behind the other guy . gilruth ..- point be , the nine of you need to stay focus , despite the new pressure and the temptation that will invariably come you way . pete conrad so anything we can eat , drink or screw within 24 hour , right ? Ed and some of the other man smirk . deke , gilruth do not . ed white we know the drill , we be use to this kind of attention . gilruth due respect , Mr. White ? you be not . as he say this , we see something on Neil 's face we have not see before . trepidation . we hear a crowd roar and smash to -- int . cullen auditorium , university of houston - day a 1,800 seat auditorium , fill to capacity . introduction of NASA astronaut Group 2 September 17 , 1962 reporter and camera crews from the three major network , the major radio broadcasting system , the wire service and dozen of domestic and international newspaper and magazine . 24 . gilruth ( 0.c. , on loudspeaker ) Neil A. armstrong . Frank f. borman , Jr. Charles ' pete’ conrad ... on stage , deke be with gilruth , who introduce the astronaut . they walk out , all in blue suit save conrad , in white linen . gilruth ( on loudspeaker ) James A. lovell . James A. mcdivitt . elliot M. see. Thomas P. stafford . Edward H. White , ii . John W. Young . this be the New nine . this be Project Gemini . the crowd applaud , dozen of flashbulb pop . tight on Neil , a smile freeze on he face , eye darting every which way . neil 's Pov . in blurred cut : flashbulb ; press ; the crowd ; astronaut wave ; Rick and Janet ( pregnant ) ... it 's dizzying . gilruth we will open it up for question now . gilruth point and a man from the ap stand . ap reporter gentlemen , what draw you to apply for the job ? we go down the line , the man be relaxed . quick , cutty -- frank borman I like to be on the first team . pete conrad I want to be a part of it . elliot see I feel this be the most important thing I could possibly do . ed white I feel I have something to give to the program . on the ap guy , scribbling . a beat , then he look up . ap reporter Mr. armstrong ? whip to neil , uncomfortable as we have see . halting , stiff -- 25 . neil it be the general challenge of ... the unknown of the program ... and the general alignment of this part of it with we national goal . the man glance over . elliot clock Neil 's discomfort . then -- JOHN young I agree with that other guy . as the crowd dissolves into laughter , flashbulb take US to -- NASA announcer ( prelap ) T minus one minute . ext . cape canaveral - day the Gemini nine stare out into the distance . beside they , a grandstand of a few hundred people and three network cameras . ed white I think it have be bigger . we follow Ed 's gaze across two hundred yard of dirt toa small , orange scaffold hold up a thin , red - tipped rocket . mercury 8 Launch , cape canaveral October 3 , 1962 at 90 foot tall , 5 foot in diameter , the rocket 's much smaller than the saturn to come . and clearly much less sophisticated . NASA announcer ( loudspeaker ) thirty second . pete conrad hard to believe wally even fit on top of that thing . the man stare , sober , shake by the fact that soon they 'il be atop a rocket like this . pan slowly over they anxious face . NASA announcer ( loudspeaker ) Fifteen . elliot see , Ed White ... even Pete conrad be nervous , finger cross on both hand ... loudspeaker ten . as the countdown begin in earnest we find neil . in contrast to the other , Neil be totally calm . 26 . loudspeaker 5 , 4 , 3 , 2 ... hold on Neil as the rocket drowns out the call , he face aglow with the flame of 200,000 pound of thrust ... loudspeaker liftoff ! clock be start ! and as we hear the rocket lift , we hold on Neil , on the emotion in he eye ... a childlike look of wonder . int . kitchen , armstrong house ( houston ) - early evening close on a CBS news broadcast . walter cronkite ( in large earphone ) at he desk . we see a chyron : crisis in cuba . walter cronkite ( on tv ) if invasion be undertake , the Russians have say that they would retaliate with rocket fire ; we have say if there 's rocket fire from Cuba we will retaliate and there go the , uh , whole ballgame . pull back to find janet , pregnant , in a kitchen full of box . no_longer unpack . pale , she stare at the b&w tv ... when the doorbell ring . she walk into -- int . live room , armstrong house ( houston ) - early evening also full of box . Rick play on the floor . Neil , on the couch , mark up a thick binder label gemini . engrossed , he do not look up as Janet walk in and open the door . Ed White stand with he wife PAT , 30 . PAT hey . Pat White , we live next door ? janet of course . hello. Janet armstrong . PAT we only just move in ourselves , but we have get a couple day on y’all ... Pat hold out a tupperware container of cookie . janet well , that 's awfully nice of you . Neil come to the door with he binder . Ed 's uncomfortable ; clearly this visit be Pat 's idea . 27 . ed hey Neil . we have a assignment ? neil no . a awkward beat . Pat fill it . PAT I have just about get the kitchen square . with everything go on in the news , company might be nice , I have already get some soup on ... neil Ed and I have a early flight out . Janet flush , embarrassed . and disappointed . but Pat do not miss a beat . PAT oh , yes ... you boy be head to Cleveland , right ? assume the world do not end ? she smile at Janet . it almost set Janet at ease . janet maybe another time ? PAT yes , of course , that have be swell . it 's just so nice to meet y’all . Neil force a smile back , then shut the door . ext . armstrong house ( houston ) - same time Ed and Pat stand there . PAT well . ed told you . as they turn and head back towards they house , we CUT to -- init . multi - axis trainer room , lewis flight CENTER - cleveland close on a familiar pair of blue eye . tick to a pair of hand buckling strap ... pulling they tight . 28. find Neil in a cockpit chair , suspend within three concentric steel ring . welcome to the multi - axis trainer . multi -axis supe ( 0.c . ) this replicate roll coupling on all three axis , the kind you might encounter in space . the supe nod to the hand controller on the chair . multi -axis supe trick be to take care of roll first , then pitch and yaw will be easier . Neil nod . the supe start the machine ; the inner ring spin , toss Neil in all direction . slowly at first , then faster . push in on Neil . the chair speed up , he head whipping in and out of frame as he struggle to analyze the spin . his hand grab the control ... they click several time ... but the machine just spin faster . Neil bore down ... but it 's fast , too fast ... his eye droop ... and we fade to gray . deke ( 0.c. ) White , you be up . Neil blink , open he eye . the supe move to unbuckle he . neil I be good . l let 's go again . the supe stare . then turn to deke . who shrug . the other astronaut watch , curious , as the supe tighten Neil 's strap and start the machine again . as it spin , we push into -- neil 's Pov . the room , spin . and if it 's nauseate , well , that 's how it 's suppose to feel . Neil click the control and the trainer slow ... only to spin faster . shit. in blurred cut we see : the other astronaut ; flashbulb ; PRESS ; a crowd ... and again we fade to gray . deke ( 0.c. ) armstrong . Neil open he eye . deke 's bent over he . neil again . deke 's surprised . Ed White and a few other look annoyed , but deke respond to the look in Neil 's eye . he nod to the supe , who pull Neil 's strap tight and lean in , whispering -- 29 . multi -axis supe use you inner ear . as Neil process , the supe step back , start up the machine . neil Pov . this time , as he spin , Neil close he eye . the screen goe dark . but under the grate machine ... we hear the pulse slosh in Neil 's inner ear . then the click of the hand control . again . and again ... and as Neil open he eye , the machine slow ... and then stop . elliot gape as the supe unstrap Neil . Neil try to stand , wobble and fall ... vomiting all over . Ed look unimpressed . ed serve he right . deke clean he up . White , strap in . int . bathroom , lewis flight CENTER - cleveland Neil stand , bent over a sink . shaking . a beat , then he steady himself and try to stand up ... only to start dry heaving . again . and again . spittle form at the corner of he mouth . Neil finally get it under control . pale , he spit in the sink and splashes water on he face when ... Ed walk in . in the mirror , Neil see ed. try to look collect . but as Ed stand there , he turn GREEN . a beat , then ... Ed rush into a stall . we hear he vomiting off screen . off Neil , unimpress himself , CUT to -- int . trainer , ellington AIR force base - day ( Pov ) close on elliot upside down in a suit and helmet . sweating . pete conrad you ready ? reveal Pete conrad , also upside down , in the other seat of a Gemini trainer . surprisingly serious . elliot put on a brave face , nods . conrad pull a handle and the hatch door under they swing OPEN ... water rushing in . as the man struggle to undo they harness , we CUT to -- 30 . int . flotation tank room , ellington afb - continuous Neil and the astronaut stand at the edge of a pool with a few tech , watch as the submerge capsule shake in the water . egress supe 15 second ... 25 second ... the egress supe eye he stopwatch . no one emerge . concern creep across Neil 's face ... then conrad surface , gasping . pete conrad piece of cake . conrad see the look on Neil 's face , realize . and dive for elliot . Neil glance over at deke , who do not move . egress supe 45 second ... Neil stare at the water . he can not see what 's happen . his eye tick from the rescue tech , to the egress supe , to deke , back to the water again . he scan it , he hand clenching . egress supe 60 second , deke . at last , deke nod to the rescue tech , who dive ... just as conrad emerge with elliot , sputter . Neil and other reach down to pull he out of the pool as deke jot down a note . deke lovell , armstrong , suit up . Neil hover for a moment over elliot . deke armstrong , get you ass in gear ! smash to -- int . capsule ( gondola ) , johnsville centrifuge - day close on neil in a low - tech capsule . straining , he feature stretched wide by the g force . hold tight on he , struggling to breathe , try to muscle it out . smash to -- int . centrifuge room , johnsville centrifuge - moment later Neil vomit beside the capsule , which be at the business end of a massive centrifuge . pale , Neil look up as the next victim approach ... it 's elliot . elliot clock how wreck Neil be . and blanch . smash to -- 31 . int . classroom , manned space CENTER - continuous Neil , exhausted , collapse into a desk . as the other Gemini man sit , Neil open the thick binder in front of he . physics of rocket propulsion - rocket vehicle performance ad 's a man in a suit ( hammock ) walk in , turn on the vu-graph . hammock gentlemen , I be David hammock , I '11 be walk you through basic rocket physics . we will just cover the first chapter tonight . Neil flip through the chapter . it 's 75 page . jesus. int . hallway , manned space CENTER - early evening close on a wall clock . 10 pm . a lone janitor mop the hall . it 's quiet ... then the classroom door open . Neil and the other stumble out , totally spend . they start to exit when ... deke ( 0.c . ) a couple of you have be ask about assignment . Neil and the other turn . deke and kraft stand behind they . the man be suddenly wide awake . kraft the first mission will test basic functionality of the new capsule . we have make selection accordingly . you could hear a pin drop . deke back up will train alongside primary crew for now . but there will be plenty of flight for everyone . the list be outside my office . a beat . then the man grab they pack and rush into -- int . astronaut office , manned space CENTER - continuous Pete lead the way , Ed and the other at he heel , crowd like high school kid around the list post by deke 's door . 32 . frank borman White , you lucky bastard . Ed inch forward . smile broadly . we see the list ... Mission Prime backup gt-3 Grissom - Young hirra - stafford gt-4 medivitt - White borman - Love gt-5 Cooper - conrad armstrong - see pete conrad shit , I be fly with gordo ? jim lovell punishment fit the crime ... the man laugh as Neil walk out . elliot turn to he . elliot see we be backup . Gemini 5 . neil great . unfaze , Neil exit with elliot , not bother to check the list . Ed clock this , puzzle ... not get Neil at all . int . kitchen , armstrong house - night Neil 's at the dinner table . it 's late , he eat alone , but Janet sit with he , the new baby ( MARK ) asleep in she arm . janet Rick have a nice time play with little Ed next door ... the White 's boy ? they seem like nice folk . it 's not oppressive , like after Karen die , but Neil 's distant . maybe he be upset about the backup assignment ? janet Neil ? neil sorry ... there be this lecture on orbital mechanic . rendezvous with the thrust , you wind up because it put you orbit . you need to and drop to a lower up . it 's backwards about how to agena ? if you go slower in a higher reduce thrust orbit to catch from what you learn as a pilot but if you work the math , it follow . it 's kinda neat . 33 . Janet react . try not to laugh . neil well , it be . janet yes , I be sure that 's how all the other guy feel . Neil smile . then chuckle , relaxing . a nice , share moment ... atypical this day . off Janet , enjoying it -- int . bathroom , armstrong house - night Neil stand in boxer and a T-shirt , brush he tooth . perfect little circle on each tooth . his mind elsewhere . Janet , in a nightgown , slip up behind he . her hand reach around he stomach ... then down into he boxer . at first , Neil do not notice . then he mind and brush slow . his eye tick to Janet in the mirror . considering . Janet look up at he . insistent . a beat , then Neil turn , kissing she . as he pull at she blouse , we CUT to -- int . bedroom , armstrong house - night dark. quiet . the window open , a breeze play on the drape , move over Janet and Neil , naked on the bed . we hear a crackling in the b/g ... and Janet stir . she sit up , sleepy . her expression cloud . she nudge Neil , softly . then harder . janet do you smell that ? Neil sit up , groggy . half awake , still processing , he get out of bed , toss on he boxer and head down the hall . Janet wait . a beat , then smoke curl in through the doorway . Janet 's eye widen as she hear Neil from the hall . neil ( 0.c. ) call the fire department . Janet , stunne , reach for the phone as we push into -- int . armstrong house - continuous Neil run down the hallway , the roof in flame . Neil cough , push through the smoke , pause at the door to ... 34 . rick 's room . Rick sit up in bed . disorient . neil follow you mother outside . Rick nod and Neil move on down the hall , hustling into -- the nursery . filled with smoke , the baby crying in the crib . Neil grab the baby , cover he in a blanket and run out , hurry down the hall into ... the family room . all smoke and fire , we can not even see Neil . we hear he cough , struggling to breathe ... ... then find he as he push through the back door into -- ext . backyard , armstrong house - continuous Neil hold the baby , gasping for breath , eye ticking ... ...to ed white , rush across he yard to help ... ...to the terrifying blaze already engulf most of the roof . ...to janet , stand there , stare . lost. and alone . Neil processes , rush to Janet and hand she the baby . janet ricky ... Neil 's already on it , already turn back towards the house when ... a section of the roof collapse . Janet turn white . Neil quickly grab a wet towel off the clothes line , cover he face and run back into -- int . armstrong house - continuous the wall of the family room now glowing red . Glass window crack , the smoke force Neil onto hand and knee . hold on Neil as he crawl , grop he way into the hall , the towel tight on he face , wall in flame around he . we feel the heat as Neil inches along , eye fix on a faraway door ... push in on Neil as the roar of the fire fade and we hear the familiar unnerving whine of Karen 's cobalt Machine ... Neil block it out , reach the door and push it open ... Neil peer into rick 's room . smoke and fire everywhere . Neil 's eye tick across the room , scan for Rick . 35 . push in on he eye , on something we have not see ... fear . the odd whine scream above the din and Neil freeze , the think of yet another loss creep in ... ..- until another SOUND pierce through . faint at first , then louder . a child 's whimper . Neil 's eye dart to ... Rick , terrified , hide under he bed . Neil lunge forward , scoops Rick up , wrapping he in the towel ... ... as the fire seem to ebb . Neil confuse , turn . and spot ed , through the window , hose down the roof . the fire roar . Neil snap to , rush through the hall into the family room . engulfed again by smoke , he falter ... then hold Rick for dear life and charge through the door into -- ext . backyard , armstrong house - continuous Neil carry Rick out , pull off the towel and look at he . neil you need to listen to what I say . it 's stark . angry . Rick start to cry ... as Janet rush over , relieved . she take Rick and Neil move towards the volunteer firemen pour out of the small FIRE truck ... ...- but Neil start to wheeze . he have to pause , bend over , struggling to catch he breath just as ... the rest of the roof collapse . Ed and the firemen be force back . Janet react , eye wide ... but Neil just stare at the blaze , at what 's leave of the house . emotionless . Janet reach for Neil , but he 's already move towards Ed ... neil Fire 's head towards the garage , help I get the car out ? Ed follow Neil to the garage ... leave Janet with the kid . alone . watch she house burn to the ground . dissolve to -- ext . armstrong house - morning a bird - eye view of the house ... now wet , black rubble and dying ember , smoke still reach skyward . Neil pick through the wreckage as we pull back into -- 36 . int . upstair guest room , ed & PAT white's house - continuous by the window , Janet hold the baby and a charree wedding album . she look down at a half destroy photo , Neil ina tuxedo . beaming . lighter than we have ever see he . Janet glance out the window , at what 's leave of she house , at a very different Neil pick through the rubble . she fight to contain she emotion . PAT we can put Rick in with Ed Jr. if this be big enough for you all ? Janet pull herself together , close the album and turn to Pat , who 's walk in with sheet and towel . janet of course . deke be already work on find we a rental , so it should not be too long . PAT white hush . it will be nice to have a few more voice ' round the house . not like Ed 's ever home . Janet smile , appreciative as a doorbell ring . CUT to -- int . foyer , ed & PAT white 's house - moment later Ed open the door , find elliot and he wife marilyn see , 30 . Marilyn hold a brisket ; elliot , he baby son and a bag . elliot and Ed be not that friendly ; it 's a bit awkward . ed elliot . elliot see we hear Neil and Janet be -- janet Marilyn , elliot ? Pat and Janet walk in . Marilyn hold out the brisket . marilyn it be the least we could do . elliot see and the girl insisted on send some of they thing . he hold out a bag of barbie doll . Janet laugh , touch . 37 . elliot see where 's Neil ? janet he 's still over at the house . ed I think we get everything . janet you do . off Ed , confuse , CUT to -- int . / ext . armstrong house - day Neil in the rubble with a FIRE inspector , 5as , nonchalant . FIRE inspector probably a short in the wiring . I all write it up , send it over to the insurance company . the inspector start to go , but Neil do not move . neil Fire come from the family room , we would just replace the ceiling panel ... FIRE inspector I be sure they will cover it , Mr. armstrong . but Neil take out a logbook and kneel , scanning the rubble . the inspector stare and we ... ed ( 0.c. ) ... the hell ? pull back to find Ed and elliot at the edge of the yard . elliot see uh , he 's try to -- ~ ed I know what he 's do . Ed shake he head . a beat , then he have a idea . ed let 's take a ride . they head off and we time CUT to -- 38 . ext . armstrong house - day sunset . Wide on the house . against the set sun , the silhouette of a man ... Neil inspect the rubble . tireless . a beat , then we see Neil bend down ... angle on a blackened bracelet amidst ruin keepsake in the rubble . Neil wipe it off . kar ... the rest unreadable . close on Neil 's eye -- a hint of emotion . then he stand . moving on . inching over the collapse roof , look for something else . and then bend down again ... neil look like it start here , probably be one of the panele nail . FIRE inspector so we be good ? the exhaust inspector walk over , wiping he forehead . neil yep . we just have to find the nail . the inspector , exasperated , stare as Neil dig into the roof . ed ( 0.c. ) Neil ! Ed 's in the yard with elliot , hold the bag . he wave Neil over . a beat , then Neil join they . Ed hold out the bag . ed present . Neil , confuse , take the bag . he open it , pull out a brand new ' ionization chamber smoke detector . 's ed smoke enter the chamber , it disrupt the current , thing scream like a son of a bitch . elliot see he get one for every house in the development . a beat . Neil look up at Ed , surprised . and grateful . ed how ' bout a break ? int . dine room , ed & PAT white 's house - night 39 . the three couple sit eat , kid play in the family room . Janet 's have a few glass of wine . PAT I can not imagine how frightening it must have be , waking up like that . janet it would have be worse if I have not . marilyn well , sure . but you be just handle this so well . both of you . she smile at Neil . he nod , awkward . Neil blink , neil at this point it 's just a inconvenience . time spend on thing which be not very productive . like get into another house . janet yes , I be sure it will take up a lot of you time . surprised . elliot laugh . marilyn what be you laugh at ? elliot nothing . janet ( to Pat and Marilyn ) do you think this be how the cosmonaut treat they wife ? PAT maybe it 's how the female cosmonaut treat they husband . ed that 's enough . PAT no , I think we have hit on something . maybe this be the problem . marilyn no female astronaut ? 40 . PAT why do you think we be behind ? ed we be not behind . PAT right . the Russians be send woman up in space and I can not even attend a launch at the cape . marilyn janet really ? what ? PAT no wife at the cape . I ask about Ed 's flight , that 's what deke say . ed it 's NASA policy . PAT ' Cause God forbid there 's a photo of I reacting if the rocket explode . this be start to get uncomfortable . honey -- they turn to ed deke and Chris just do not want any distraction . PAT from what I understand , there be all sort of distraction . ed PAT do not honey I . neil this remind I of a story . Neil , surprised . neil a fella I know make plan to play golf on he wedding anniversary . his wife get very upset . they have a spat , as couple do . she accuse he of loving golf more than she . and the fella , well , he shrugge . ( act it ) '' I love you more than tennis . " 41 . a beat . it 's not particularly funny , but from Neil it 's surprising . and hilarious . the table burst out laugh . ext . ed white 's house - night wide on the yard . the house cozy , the window casting warm light , the yard dot with firefly . and then over the cricket , we hear faint static . and chatter ... in russian . pan up to the star above . hold on they as the comm continue . chill , spooky . and as we wonder what it mean , prelap -- rick ( prelap ) I be on the lookout for Dr. Zin . ext . porch , white 's house - night close on Rick crouching by the porch with a walkie talkie . rick ( into walkie ) I be on the lookout for Dr. ed JR ( over walkie ) Zin . copy ? Roger , I be fly to you . nearby , Neil watch Rick , calm . elliot hold up a sextant . elliot vega , rigel . 8 degree . check I ? Neil nod , take elliot 's sextant . survey the two star . neil yes . 8 degree angle . elliot you want to do antare and nunki ? Neil nod , take a read . Ed walk outside with beer . he see Neil with the sextant and shoot a look at elliot . elliot we head to morehead on Thursday . ed ( sarcastic ) so why not waste a Saturday night . Neil ignore he , keep at it . elliot look over at Ed . elliot you have be down there , right ? 42. ed to morehead ? yeah . it 's cool , they shift star position to mimic a off course craft . bitch of a sim , but it 's how Cooper align faith 7 when he navigation control fail . neil good thing to know , I guess . Ed look at Neil . then chuckle , good -nature . elliot do too . and Neil smile , a bit surprised at the bond forming . int . kitchen , white's house - later Pat and Jan do dish ; Ed , Neil and elliot in the window . Marilyn sit on the couch in the b/g with she youngest . PAT you husband have a sense of humor . janet a little corny . PAT I never would have guess . janet I be a bit surprised myself . a phone ring . Pat go to get it , but we hold on Jan , watch Neil with the other . PAT ( 0.c. ) Ed ? deke 's on the phone . Ed hustle in . Neil follow behind , notice Janet 's stare . as Ed pick up the phone , Neil drift over to she . neil what ? janet nothing . just look at you . she 's warm . Neil smile , a bit mystify . walter cronkite ( on tv ) ..- leonov be tethere to voshkod 2 , but nothing separate he from space other than he pressure suit ... Neil turn . Ed 's flip on the tv . Neil 's smile fade as he see b&w footage of a _cosmonaut floating over earth . 43 . Neil tighten . the camera ominously push in on the tv ... walter cronkite ( on tv ) .-- a pressure suit we be tell be design for the lunar surface . this be , of course , mankind 's first e.v.a. , or extra -vehicular activity . bang ! Ed slam he fist against the wall in frustration . ed shit . a beat , then Ed grab he bag . Neil shoot he a look . ed they have add another mission objective to Gemini 4 . Ed head out the door but we hold on Neil , pushing in on he as the russian comm on tv get louder and we -- fade out . over black we hear the sound of U.S. comm -- ed ( prelap , comm ) be I in you view , jimbo ? int . mission control CENTER ( mcc ) , msc - houston - day another screen . bé&w footage . a astronaut float in space . jim ( comm ) you be right in front , Ed . reverse to Neil and elliot , watch rapt , as we realize the float astronaut be Ed . Gemini iv , Mission Day 1 June 3 , 1965 welcome to mission control , the latest , great tech of 1965 . push button , rotary phone . monitor of number , static map on the big screen , a scrolling stylus tracking the capsule . ed ( comm ) this be the great experience I have ... it 's just tremendous . Neil smile at elliot as deke enter with a group of man . 44 , deke gentlemen , Neil armstrong and elliot see , we backup on Gemini five . ( to Neil , elliot ) this be the fourteen newby . keep a eye on they , would you ? as deke head off , elliot notice a newbie hold court . newbie ( buzz ) Ed and I be station together in Germany . he call I a few day ago to ask if I have tip for he base on my doctorate . I find that amusing , of course . I only go to MIT on he recommendation . Neil glance over at buzz aldrin , 33 . smart , arrogant , tone deaf ; he clearly annoys the other . and the flight director . kraft cut the chatter . the room quiet . kraft nod to capcom gus grissom , 39 , gruff . grissom ( into comm ) Gemini 4 , Houston cap com , ed ( comm ) let 's bring Ed in now . right now I be stand on my head , I be look down on ... grissom ( into comm ) Gemini 4 , do you read I ? ed ( comm ) my golly , I be look right in the bay there ! ed_and Jim clearly do not hear Gus . grissom ( into comm ) Gemini 4 , Houston ; Gemini 4 -- jim ( comm ) Ed , I be gonna push -to- talk , see what the Flight director have to say . Gus , any message ? grissom ( into comm ) have Ed get he ass back in ! eecom engineer 45 second to loss of signal . kraft glance at eecom . Neil catch it , note he concern . jim ( comm ) they want you back now , ed. ed ( comm ) I be try to get a picture of the spacecraft . 45 . jim ( comm ) no , back in . come on . ed ( comm ) .-. saddest moment of my life . eecom engineer 30 second to bermuda los . the video feed break up . a long , silent beat . grissom ( into comm ) 20 second to los , be you jim ( comm ) get he back in ? Jim -- he 's have some trouble get into the space craft . eecom engineer flight surgeon 10 second -- Pilot 's heart rate be spike . he 's up to 180 bps . shit . Neil watch intent . the whole room look concerned . grissom ( into comm ) Gemini 4 , give I a status . jim ( comm ) be he get back in , Jim ? listen , we be kinda busy ! if you do not have something for we , wait a couple -- the audio turn to static . eecom engineer loss of signal . kraft switch to uhf . the eecom engineer hit a switch ; the static turn to silence . grissom ( into comm ) Gemini 4 , Houston cap com. Gemini 4 , give I you status . close on Neil and elliot as they wait , the tension palpable . all the newby , even buzz , stare . the silence be deafening . push in on Neil , eye ticking from screen to console . a beat . grissom ed ( comm ) Gemini 4 , do you -- ... that be something . that be the most natural feel . Neil relaxes . we hear more voice over comm . carnavon cap com ( comm ) Gemini 4 , carnavon cap com. jim ( comm ) hello carnavon . we be back inside the spacecraft . we be repressurize to 5 psi ... 46 . as the room let out a collective breath , CUT to -- int . mission control CENTER , msc - houston - night it 's late . Gus , exhaust , sit listen to Ed . ed ( comm ) .-- then with Jim pull hard as he could and I pull down as best I could , we force I down into my seat and get the hatch close . pan to Neil , stand beside gus. listen , rapt . ed ( comm ) I be just glad we do not have to make a re-entry with the hatch open . grissom ( into comm ) we too , ed. ( to Neil , sotto ) hold the fort , I gotta use the can . Gus slip away . the flight surgeon approach with a note . ed ( comm ) but there be no disorientation whatsoever . I be use my tether , actually walk on the spacecraft . neil ( into comm ) ( off the note ) Ed , the doc want the sleep period change to let you get some rest . ed ( comm ) armstrong ? be that Neil ? neil yes . he have like you to go ed ( comm ) four hour -- have you see Pat ? do she and the kid hear the eva ? neil ..- uh , yeah . Jan say they listen on the squawk box . ed ( comm ) oh , that 's terrific . tell they not to worry , I be dandy . Neil smile , distracted from the task at hand . he almost seem bemuse by Ed 's warmth towards he , by the strength of they connection ... Neil seem as human as we have ever see . 47 . neil I 'il tell they . it sound great , ed. like ... it 's really something . ed ( comm ) sure as hell be . wait ' till you get up here . you will flip . a nice moment .. ' till Neil see the doc glaring . neil I bet . listen , the doc would really like if you could get some sleep . ed ( comm ) okay . I ’l1l give it a try . but just you wait , you will not be able to sleep either . not with this view . off Neil -- ext . mcc build , msc - houston - night Wide on a large windowless structure , light up against the night . a sign , block letter : Mission Control Center . find Neil . head across the parking lot , lose in think . but as he reach the car ... he pause . and look up ... a sky of star . we know Ed 's up there , in orbit , but it 's not warmth or wonder in Neil 's eye . it 's something else ... .-- yearning . ext . cape kennedy / int . gemini V capsule - early morning a beautiful morning . gemini - titan V steaming on the pad . neil ( comm ) push - to- talk comm check . ksc capcom ( comm ) Commander push - to-talk -- yes , we read you , Neil . we be at T minus 2 hour . push in closer to the white room level , just outside the capsule . Men in flight suit prep for launch . Gemini V , pre-launch August 21 , 1965 Holy shit , be Neil and elliot about to head into space ? just as we think they be , we push into the capsule ... to find the two of they not in spacesuit , but in routine flight gear . 48 . elliot ( into comm ) Pilot push - to- talk . gordo cooper ( comm ) read you loud and clear . elliot look up , see gordo cooper , 38 , brusque , and Pete conrad . in spacesuits . pete conrad ( comm ) we get it , fella . Neil and elliot ( the backup ) step out , awkwardly help Cooper and conrad into the small capsule . as Neil buckle in Pete , he eye the Gemini 5 patch on he arm . 8 day or bust . int . / ext . launch pad elevator , pad 19 - moment later Neil , elliot ride down the side of the titan rocket . and yes , it 's more substantial than the mercury atlas , but at 100 foot , it still feel puny compare to the Apollo we all know . elliot see think the doc know what eight day in space will do to that guy ? neil might kill both of they . elliot see it would be quieter ' round here . neil sound nice . elliot smile . then Neil do . clearly , they be even closer . the elevator stop and Neil and elliot walk out onto -- the launch pad . they move to confer with deke and a few engineer , elliot shouting over the steaming rocket ... elliot see system check look good , hydrogen 's steady at 101.5 ... as elliot continue , deke pull Neil aside . he nod at the Gemini capsule just ten storey up ... deke that two make it back , we will be one up on the Soviets . not much of a lead , but one we do not want to lose . ( then ) I be put you in command of Gemini 8 . like 6 and 7 , rendezvous and docking will be you primary goal . Neil pause , 49 . neil elliot and I will start training . deke I be gonna pair you with Dave Scott . we have get a pretty strenuous e.v.a. plan for eight , Dave 's a horse . conrad will serve as you backup . look back at elliot . deke we will put that brain of he to work . but this mission be key to Apollo . we wanna beat brezhnev to the moon , we gotta be ready soon as Werner have the rocket to take we . off Neil , processing this , we CUT to -- int . gemini capsule trainer , training hangar , msc - day dave scott , 35 , very good look and very enthusiastic . dave scott pretty exciting mission , huh ? find Neil sit beside Dave as a mechanical arm slowly pull they Gemini trainer away from a mock agena docking satellite . dave scott I mean , it 's the whole ball of wax , everything we need for Apollo . e.v.a. , rendezvous , we will be one of the first to dock with the agena ... Neil remain focus on a Gemini instrument chart , reach for instrument without look up , go over they position . dave scott can not ask for a better assignment . heck , I do not think I have be this jazze since they ask I to swim varsity as a freshman in High -- neil could you be quiet ? Dave , surprised , eye Neil , who keep study the Gemini instrument ... the slight hint of annoyance on he face . dave scott do not you do this already ? on 5 ? 50 . Neil do not respond . Dave , now annoyed himself , open he manual . for a moment , they work in silence . and off Neil , perhaps wishing it be elliot beside he , prelap -- elliot see ( prelap , comm ) NASA 7 descend through 2,000 foot , permission to approach . int . t-38 front cockpit , over lambert afb - night ( Pov ) elliot sit in front , manage the t-38 descent for landing . some light turbulence , cloud all around . zero visibility . ellington tower ( comm ) nasa 7 , you be clear for approach , come on down outta elliot see ( into comm ) that soup ... Roger that . come in . as elliot guide the plane down , he chat with he co-pilot in the rear cockpit , charlie bassett , 34 , all american . charlie bassett ( comm ) how long we here ? elliot see ( into comm ) a while . deke want the new agena ready for March . charlie bassett so 8 have get the first shot ? set Neil and Dave up good for Apollo . elliot do not say anything . the slight hint of envy . charlie bassett ( comm ) thank god I do not pull that assignment . poor Dave , armstrong 's gonna run he rag . elliot see ( into comm ) ( smile ) that be a upside to training with Neil . next assignment 's a cakewalk . bassett laugh as they drop through 500 foot , break through cloud . elliot visually clock he position ... -.- and instantly see he’s short . charlie bassett ( comm ) we be low and slow , elliot ... 51 . elliot see ( into comm ) damn radar . ( a quick decision ) I do not wanna get lose in the cloud again , I be just gonna go round . he hit the afterburner , pull the stick to make a low turn . charlie bassett ( comm ) elliot ... we hear the anxiety in bassett 's voice as elliot see ... the plane be rocketing toward a tall NASA build !!! oh shit !!! charlie bassett ( comm ) pull up . elliot ... elliot see dammit ... dammit ... elliot yank up on the stick , but it 's not enough . as they speed towards the building elliot eye widen and we ... smash to -- int . armstrong house - night neil . quiet . study rendezvous and docking calculation in a notebook , he dinner off to one side . rick be you excited ? reveal Janet , Rick and Mark ( now 8 and 4 ) also at the table , eat dinner . it 's raining hard out , real Texas thunder . rick dad ? janet honey , let you father eat neil he -- excite about what ? Neil look at Rick . Janet watch , surprised . rick that you might be first . to dock . neil well , you have to prepare for all sort of eventuality when you do something first . there 's much great risk of failure . ( more ) Neil return 52 . neil ( cont 'd ) fact be , the only reason we might be first be cause the first agena explode after separation and it 's go to take a few month to build the new one . to he notebook , oblivious to wide - eyed Mark . MARK a ship explode ? janet it be just a satellite , honey . no one be hurt . before Jan can say more we hear a knock ... Neil do not even notice . Janet , use to this , get up , walk to door ... -.- and open it . Ed 's on the porch . soaked from the rain . ed hey . Jan , can I speak to he ? janet uh , sure . you want to come in ? ed no. Janet see something in he eye . know better than to ask . ext . porch , armstrong house - houston - moment later Neil walk out onto the porch . Neil stop . neil hey . ed hey . I have some bad news . neil the delay on the agena ? I do not think we will lose much time . put the pressure on Dave and I , but -- ed Neil . see it 's something else . 53 . ed elliot and Charlie be fly into lambert . they plane ... they crash on approach . Neil take this in . know from the look on Ed 's face that neither elliot nor Charlie make it . the two of they stand there in awful silence . nothing to say . int . armstrong house ( houston ) - moment later Neil walk back in . sit down at the table . rick so be they go to make the new agena better ? dad ? Neil look over at Rick . lose . neil what ? rick be they go to make the new agena better ? so it do not explode ? neil uh , yes . I be , I be sure they ... Neil trail off , clearly elsewhere . Janet intercede . janet ricky , go get you math homework so I can check . Rick nod , head off to he room . Janet glance over at Mark , play with he peas , then quietly lean over to Neil . janet who be it ? neil elliot . Janet pale . CUT to -- ext . arlington cemetery - day Gray , rainy . six black horse pull a caisson bear a flag draped coffin into section 4 of the famous cemetery , two naval platoon and a color guard alongside . 54 . the horse stop . the navy man lift the coffin and carry it past a 9 - year -old girl . in tear . the girl , elliot 's daughter , stand with Marilyn and elliot 's other child ... .-..- but we hold on she as she watch the casket pass and sob , bury she face in ede overcoat . Ed put a arm around she , fight it himself , hold on to Pat and look over at ... Janet and Neil . who 's blank . his face devoid of emotion , he feature frozen ... save for he eye . darting from the coffin ... to the crank by the grave ... to elliot 's daughter . and for a moment , she look just like Neil 's daughter Karen . push in on Neil 's eye and match CUT to -- ext . porch , elliot see' house - night Neil , stare down at a sextant . he turn it in he hand . pete conrad ( 0.c. ) wouldja believe mondale cornere I at Arlington ? Senator think it be a good time to ask why we do not just send machine to the moon ? pull back to a circle of astronaut nearby . conrad , lovell , Scott and other pass a bottle of vodka , a lime inside . dave scott shit . how the hell do this happen ? jim lovell cernan tell I the cloud cover be down to 500 foot . a low go - around underneath low cloud , that 's tough . probably never see the building . buzz clearly , the error be the approach . conrad glance at buzz aldrin . even he 's take aback . buzz the t-38 stall below 270 knot . he be not aggressive enough . the man go quiet . buzz may be right , but it 's not the time . uneasy , they look away ... save for Neil . who stare at buzz . buzz what ? tell I you disagree . Neil do . but he just turn , walk into -- 55 . int . live room , elliot and marilyn see' house - night Neil , tense , move through the gather mourner , eye darting , searching for Janet . we CUT into neil 's Pov -- -..ey tick past wive raise hand in greeting ... .--. past ed wave , call to Neil from across the room ... .-.- pause on elliot 's photo on the mantle ... Neil keep go until he spot Janet . he move swiftly into -- int . kitchen , elliot and marilyn see 's house - night Janet lay cookie out on a tray . Neil roll up beside she . neil let 's go . janet I tell Pat I have help put out dessert . neil ( quiet ) I need to go . janet okay . it will just be another minute . she keep plate cookie ... until she realize Neil 's go . janet Neil ? she turn . we hear the car start before we see it . Neil pull away and drive off . off Janet -- int . ed white 's car ( moving ) - later Close on Janet . in the backseat . upset and embarrassed . janet I be sorry . I hate to be a bother . PAT it 's no bother . Ed drive . Pat beside he . a beat . janet have he ever talk to you about she ? about Karen ? Janet stare 56 . ed no. not really . janet I talk about she . but never to he . out the window . off Ed , processing , we -- ext . armstrong back porch - later Neil stand under the star , take reading with the sextant . practice . Ed walk up . Neil glance jotting note down in a logbook beside he . ed hey . Neil just keep take reading . a beat . ed lovell say buzz be mouth off . certainly be not the place for it . over . something not sit well . ed you know deke have doubt about elliot . deke move he off eight . neil deke want he for command . ed Neil . elliot always fly too slow . ( then ) I mean , it 's tough to blame a guy for he own death . and aldrin 's a asshole . but you of all people know -- neil ( hot ) no. I do not . I do not investigate the crash , I do not study the flight trajectory , I would not pretend to know what happen . Ed 's surprised . Neil 's dark , more emotional than we have see . neil you all want to make yourselves feel better , but this have , it have nothing to do with elliot . you know the odd , this ... it happen , it 'il happen again and if you can not handle it ... you should do something else . 57 . Neil contain himself , turn away . start take reading . ed Neil . hey , we be all break up here , I do not mean to -- neil I need to practice . ed what ? neil we be go to be the first to dock , I need to practice . ed shit . you should be with you wife , play with you kid -- neil and you should be mind you own damn business . he 's cold . Ed react . then walk off . as he go , we see ... Janet . in the window , a tired look in she eye . she watch as Neil take another read . he seem unmove . exhausted , Janet turn away , and we rack focus back to ... Neil . shaking . as rattled as we have see . he lower the sextant ... and stare down at the small label . '' E. see . '' int . upstair foyer , armstrong house - night Neil walk up the stair . he turn off the light and start to head into the bedroom ... when he hesitate . he walk to the door across the hall , look in at Rick and Mark in they bed , sleep soundly . as he stand there , we push in on he eye . fill with tear . ini . master bedroom , armstrong house - early morning close on a familiar westclox electric alarm clock . the time flip to 6:00 am and the alarm trill . Janet stir , roll over . the bed be empty . int . kitchen , armstrong house - moment later Janet , groggy , walk in , then stop . surprised to see ... Neil , with Rick and Mark at the kitchen table , huddle over a paper earth ... push a paper gemini towards a paper agena . 58 . neil before we can dock , we have to meet up with the agena in space . rick ( tell Mark ) that 's call rendezvous . Neil nod . then notice Janet in the door . watch they . neil hey . janet hey . Janet , affected , swallow she emotion and start breakfast . prelap the sound of a thundering rocket and smash to -- int . gemini 8 capsule , pad 19 , ksc - MARCH 16 , 1966 , 10 am upside down through a cockpit window we see a rocket rumbling skyward . as the cabin shake ... ksc capcom ( comm ) atlas - agena liftoff 10:00:30 , flight dynamics plot look very good . reverse to Neil and Dave suite up , prepping for launch and get strapped in by backup Pete conrad and Richard Gordon . Gemini VIII , pre-launch March 16 , 1966 , 10:00:30 dave scott ( comm ) you guy have a liftoff time for we ? ksc capcom ( comm ) fido 's run number ... pete conrad ( into comm ) hold still , wouldja ? Neil look over , see Pete be struggling to buckle Dave 's parachute harness ; one of its catch be clogge . richard gordon pete conrad what be that ? glue ? ( call outside ) guenter , you get a swiss Army knife ? dave scott ( into comm ) a swiss Army knife ? be you shitting I ? pad leader guenter wendt ( 42 , spectacle , bow tie ) lean in . 59 . guenter wendt see if this 'il do the trick , Pete . he hold out a toothpick . Dave watch Pete dig in , agitate . int . hallway , armstrong house - houston - same time close on Janet . stare into a hall mirror . sweating . ksc capcom ( 0.c. , comm ) what 's go on up there ? do neil ( 0.c. , comm ) we need to hold ? Neil ? no , just a little glitch with Dave 's parachute . Janet react . a beat , then she wipe she eye , steel herself with a last look and walk into -- int . live room , armstrong house - houston - continuous lurton scott hover by a NASA squawkbox , the kid in the b/g . lurton do you hear that ? a glitch with he parachute ? janet Neil do not have much faith in the ejection seat anyway . hardly reassure . lurton try to keep it together as life magazine photographer ralph morse approach with a camera . ralph morse lady , would you mind pose ? it 's the last thing they want to do , but it 's part of the job . they nod and pose , force smile . as morse take photo -- ralph morse fido ( comm ) Big day , big smile . the agena be look good , orbit be 162 by 156 . int . gemini VIII cockpit , pad 19 , ksc - same time the capsule be now sealed and claustrophobic . we be confined with Neil and Dave , the tiny window provide little relief . fido ( comm ) T minus 2 minute . ksc capcom ( comm ) engine to start , Neil . neil ( into comm ) engine to start position , initiate lox pressurization . 60 . dave scott ( into comm ) eecom engineer ( comm ) Ground power removal ... pressurization initiate . Ground power remove . neil ( into comm ) close visor , heater off . ksc launch director ( comm ) final pre-flight . they slide they visor close . Dave eye the clock , tense . and no , we be not cut away . we be gonna hold on neil and dave straight through the launch in real time ... ksc launch director ( comm ) booster ? booster engineer ( comm ) go. ksc launch director ( comm ) fido ? fido ( comm ) I be go . ksc launch director ( comm ) Doc ? ... doc? flight surgeon ( comm ) armstrong 's at 146 bpm . ksc launch director ( comm ) Commander ? neil ( into comm ) I be good . ksc launch director ( comm ) do we need to hold , Doc ? fido ( comm ) Colonel , even a 30 second hold will jeopardize we ksc launch director ( comm ) ability to rendezvous -- I understand . Doc ? Dave glance at Neil . be it nerve ? push in on Neil 's eye . ksc launch director ( comm ) Doc , I need a answer ... flight surgeon ( comm ) he 's within tolerable limit . ksc launch director ( comm ) that 's a go ... start apus , fido ( comm ) start gimbal ... T minus 30 second . relieved , Neil and Dave spring back into action ... neil ( into comm ) start apus . dave ( into comm ) start gimbal . 61 . ksc launch director ( comm ) prepare for launch . dave ( into comm ) Roger . stow checklist . Dave stow the checklist , then he and Neil set for launch as we feel the weight of the last few minute , month , year ... fido ( comm ) 15 second ... 10 , 9 , 8 , 7 , 6 ... Main engine start ... a dull thunder from ten storey below ... fido ( comm ) 4 , 3 , 2 , 1 ... ignition ... w..turn to a roar . Neil and Dave feel a jolt as the anchor bolt shear off and the titan jerk they off the launch pad . ksc capcom ( comm ) lift-off ! lift-off 16:41:00 ! the thrust kick in , 7g 's shove they into they seat . Neil strain , reach forward to punch in roll and pitch program . ksc launch director ( comm ) watch you clock , Gemini . neil ( into comm ) get a Roll Program in . the roll be on . we have a pitch program ... oddly , it 's calmer then we have imagine , the blue sky out the window easily slide to black ... but the strain on Neil 's face tell we we be accelerate to 18,000 mile per hour . neil ( into comm ) dcs look good , pulse be dave ( into comm ) good ... stage 2 tank look good . ksc capcom ( comm ) go from the ground for staging . neil ( into comm ) ( enter staging command ) Roger , we have staging ignit -- a sheet of FIRE wash over the craft ... 100,000 pound of flaming thrust ripping the two stage apart ! ! it's fucking terrifying . Dave flinch ... even Neil blink . we wonder what the hell be go on and smash to -- 62 . ext . gemini VIII , suborbital space - same time from afar , it look like the rocket be exploding ... neil ( comm ) we be have wally 's fireball dave scott ( comm ) here . --- uh , yeah . we see the first stage fall away . the second stage light ... then rocket forward and we realize ... Jesus , this be normal . neil ( comm ) fuel cell be solid , the second stage be a real good machine . smash back into -- int . gemini VIII cockpit , pad 19 , ksc - same time Dave reel as Neil calmly refocus on the gauge . a beat . ksc capcom ( comm ) Gemini 8 , you be go from the ground . mark. V / vr = point zero eight . neil ( into comm ) dave scott ( into comm ) okay . mode 3 . ( follow Neil 's lead ) burn stop . Neil flick off the engine and the man be jolted forward , toss into microgravity . Dave let out a grunt ... asa mission checklist float across the cabin . engine off , it 's eerily quiet . Dave take a breath , glance out the window . the world 's upside down , sky at he foot , horizon above he head . struck , he nudge Neil ... Neil look up . it 's the view from the X - 15 , but four time higher . push in on Neil 's eye , a surprising sense of wonder . jim lovell ( comm ) I alpha time be 15:06 , orbit be 87 by 147 , hold for plane adjust ... int . mission control CENTER ( mcc ) , houston - same time close on a hand pinning a paper gemini onto a rudimentary orbital map . a paper agena be already tack on the map . public affayr officer ( on loudspeaker ) this be mission control , Houston , we will now begin rendezvous maneuver . 63 . the room be buz . kraft and Flight director JOHN hodge , 37 , british , gray , stand over a gaggle of mpad engineer . hodge I need the transfer arc , gentleman . close on a diagram of the two ship in orbit ... slide rule ... calculator ... pencil do complex math ... one of the engineer quickly scribble on a transparency and run it through a door under the big screen up front , into ... the projection room . a dozen vuygraph behind the screen . clearly another era . we engineer throw the slide up on a vu- graph ; it 's bounced off a mirror and -- in mission control the hand draw transparency appear on the big screen . Hodge nod to Jim lovell at the capcom Console . jim lovell ( into comm ) Gemini 8 , Houston capcom . I dave ( comm ) have a plane - adjust update . ...uh , stand by , Houston . int . gemini VIII cockpit - same time helmet , checklist , and mission rule book float about the cabin . Neil and Dave , helmet off , look overwhelmed . dave scott where would the flight book go ? Dave turn to look , accidentally clock Neil in the head . dave scott lovell ( comm ) shit , sorry . let I know when you be ready , 8 . Neil spot the book , hand it to Dave . dave scott ( into comm ) Houston , Gemini 8 , go ahead . lovell ( over comm ) dave ( into comm ) get B : 02:45:50 ; 26.2 burn ( write it down ) time , yaw 90 right , pitch o. Roger . prepping for burn . close on hand set the yaw dial to 90 right ; pitch at 0 ; thruster on . Neil 's eye tick to the clock . 2:45:28 , 29 ... neil give I the call . dave scott 10 ... 5 , 4 , 3 , 2 , 1 , now ! 64 . Neil hit the thruster . pop pop pop !! the craft rush to the right . the mission plan smack against the wall . neil dave scott time check . ... Dave ? ( disorient ) 20 second ... 25 ... 30 , 31 , 32 , 33 , 34 ... cut off . Neil let go of the thruster . it 's quiet ; the mission plan float off the wall . Neil 's eye tick over the instrument . neil I think we overdid it a little . he grab a calculator . as he work the number , smash to -- int . mission control CENTER ( mcc ) , houston - same time Hodge and kraft stand over two mpad engineer work number . hodge shit . they go long . Jim , we be send another burn . lovell ( into comm ) mpad engineer # 2 8 , send a correction . that 's the wrong vector ! the engineer be clearly at odd . kraft step in . kraft I need a answer , let 's go . one engineer take charge , write up a transparency , dash into the projection room ... and it appear on the big screen . lovell ( into comm ) stand by to copy , 8 ... get B : 03:03:41. 0° , 0 ° , 0 ° , 02:54 . int . gemini VIII cockpit - same time Neil write , but the pen slip out of he hand and float off . neil ( into comm ) uh , Houston . can you repeat that ? lovell ( comm ) neil ( into comm ) Roger , Delta - V 2 foot per ( grab the pen , write ) second , 2 plus 0 , posigrade . okay , I have get it . lovell ( comm ) 25 second , I 'il count you down . 65 . Neil and Dave rush to set the burn ; we go close on the dial : yaw to 0 ; pitch to 0 ; roll to 0 . thruster on . lovell ( comm ) 10 second . 5 , 4 , 3 , 2 , 1 , burn it ! Neil quickly get into position and squeeze the thruster . crack crack !! the craft lurch again , now to the leave . lovell ( comm ) neil off burn . what be you ( let go , to Dave ) residual ? position . Dave look into the sextant . dave scott sirius minus 12 , antare plus 4 . Neil grab a slide rule , do the math . Dave , tense , look out the window . dave scott ( into comm ) should not we have a visual on the agena by now ? Neil ignore he , keep do the math as we CUT to -- int . armstrong house - day Janet , tense , by the squawkbox . she glance over at the kid , push Neil 's paper gemini towards the paper agena ... lovell ( on squawkbox ) 8 , Houston . do you read ? no answer ; it 's unnerve . Janet fidget ... then hear the door . she turn to find Ed and Pat . with another casserole . PAT I could not eat when Ed be up there , but I figure we could at least put on a show for the folk at life . she make a face at morse . Janet laugh , then look to ed. janet it 's kind of you to come . I be sure Neil would appreciate it . ed be you ? janet no . but I be glad you be here . a nice thaw ... until Mr. morse snap a photo . PAT 66 . Pat turn . dear Lord , can we not get even a semblance of privacy ? Ed glance out the window at the army of PRESS on the lawn . ed I be guess the cosmonaut have it easier on this front . lovell ( on squawkbox ) 8 , do you have visual on the agena ? 8 , do you read ? as they turn back to the squawk box , smash to -- int . gemini VIII cockpit - same time Neil and Dave stare at calculator ; something 's not right . dave scott you want I to ... I get a horrendous 25 foot per -- neil I can not talk to you , I have get to figure this . Dave quiet as Neil work the number . lovell ( comm ) 8 , can you give we a status ? lovell ( comm ) copy . Dave quickly adjust the dial . neil --- 3 , 2 , 1 , burn . Neil hit the thruster . Neil let go . dave scott do you burn at 26:10 ? pop , pop ! Dave eye the instrument , neil ( into comm ) no , I have get too much to do . neil ( beat ) ...okay . 25 forward , 8 leave , 3 up . on my mark . Neil eye tick to the clock . the craft swing leave and jot down residual . neil that - that 's right . it be about 30 , negative 34 ... ..- but Neil go quiet as he spot what look like a bright STAR in the window . neil could be sirius . Dave follow he gaze . 67 . dave scott could be . but Dave grab a sextant , take a read ... and smile . lovell ( comm ) Gemini 8 , this be Houston dave scott ( into comm ) capcom . do you read ? Gemini 8 to Houston , we have get a visual on the agena . ..- just as he say it , the agena swing out of the window . dave scott ah , shit ... neil I need a readout . dave scott 4 forward , 2 leave ... wait , needle be wander . 12 forward , 1 right ? the instrument oscillate , two different heading . fuck. neil we will burn the close loop , 12 and 1 . ready ? 3 , 2 , 1 ... burn . Neil hit the thruster again . pop pop ... the Gemini give chase ... and the agena swing into the window . dave scott there ! we be swinging into ... shit ! Dave squint , blind by the sun , appear over the horizon . he shield he eye , turn up the instrument panel light . neil I need range and rate . dave scott 6,000 foot , 31 foot per second , go too fast ! Neil squint at the agena grow in the window ... and hit the brake thruster . pop ! pop ! pop ! steam shoot out in front of we , slow the Gemini ... dave scott 19 foot per second ... 3,400 foot ... 2,880 foot , you need to slow down ! the agena swing up out of the window again ! fuck ! Neil hit the brake thruster again , fighting to slow down ... dave scott 10 foot per second . 1,900 neil foot ... put in a little to the leave . 68 . Dave adjust the dial . the agena swing in the window , lit up like a christmas tree in the daylight . hovering in full view . dave scott God , that 's amazing ! outstanding job , coach . look at that sucker ! Neil look up . again a touch of that childlike wonder . lovell ( comm ) Gemini 8 , Houston cap com . stand by for any rendezvous remark . over . dave scott you tell they . int . mcc - same time a lot of tight face . tense . wait for ... neil ( comm ) Houston , we be station keep on the agena at about 150 foot . a few scattered cheer go up . Hodge , stand at he console , wipe he brow as deke walk over . deke you okay , John ? hodge I be ... yes . I be fine . but he look tense , nervous for this last step as we CUT to -- ext . gemini VIII , earth orbit - same time wide on the Gemini , 150 foot from the agena . we be far away , the float craft dwarfed by the earth below . it 's silent until ... steam shoot from the Gemini thruster . as the Gemini slowly circle the agena , we CUT into -- int . gemini VIII - same time Neil fly the Gemini , a lightness to he . the grit of training , the darkness of elliot 's death all fall away . neil man it fly easy . this station keep , there 's nothing to it . Dave smile at Neil 's atypical enthusiasm as he move the Gemini ever closer to the agena ... 69 . dave scott ( into comm ) Houston , this be 8 . we be lovell ( comm ) sit about 2 foot out . okay . stand by for a minute . hold on Neil and Dave , wait on the precipice . lovell ( comm ) Gemini 8 , we have t/m solid . go ahead and dock . Neil nod to Dave , who hit a switch . we hear a buzz , see a cone extend through the docking window . dave scott ( into comm ) extend docking cone . lovell ( comm ) 8 , we be show cone rigid . Neil squeeze the throttle gently , move forward slowly ... until the Gemini and the agena crunch together . it 's jarring . neil ( into comm ) okay , we be go to cycle lovell ( comm ) we right / stop switch now . Roger . Neil nod to Dave . moment of truth . Dave hit a switch . we hear the motor aboard the agena whir and we push outside ... ext . gemini VIII , earth orbit - same time from afar , we see the agena clasp onto the Gemini , which mechanically pull it in ... there 's a loud clank as it stop and we smash back into -- int . gemini VIII cockpit - same time in the cockpit , the agena docking button light up , display a green '' rigid '' confirmation . Neil and Dave share a look . int . mcc - same time the whole room wait . Hodge , kraft , deke on pin and needle . neil ( comm ) Flight , we be dock . deke smile broadly as the room explode with cheer . kraft shake Hodge 's hand . deke call out ... deke someone call cronkite , have he tell the Soviets they can go screw ! and call Congress while you be at it ! 70 . more cheer , laughter as the comm buzz . Neil , methodical ... neil ( comm ) okay . just for you information , the agena be very stable , we be have no noticeable oscillation at all . int . armstrong house - same time a flashbulb pop . morse take a photo of Janet and Rick , he paper Gemini and agena now glued together over earth . ralph morse congratulation , Mrs. armstrong . a great day for the United States . Ed walk up with a plate of food for Janet . she hesitates . ed you can not fast the whole three day . a beat . then , as she take the plate ... lovell ( on squawkbox ) we be about to have los , but I have some dope for you to follow ... int . gemini VIII cockpit - same time Dave grab a pen , take note as lovell continue . lovell ( comm ) csq will pick you up on the other .. but the comm turn static as they lose signal . Dave drop he pen , see Neil 's pull out two packet . day 1 , meal B. dave scott no thanks , I want to prep the e.v.a . neil we should eat . it 's a order . Neil hold a packet up to a nozzle on the side console , inject it with water . it look pretty bad . neil I think there 's some air bubbles . Neil toss it to Dave , who spin it around , then leave it . dave scott I be gonna let it breathe . 71 . Dave grab the eva manual , glance at the console ... pausing . dave scott ..- Neil , we be in a bank . Neil turn . close on the 8 ball , show a 30 degree roll . dave scott none of we thruster be on , neil it must be the -- cut the agena 's thruster . Dave quickly follow order . Neil watch the 8 ball ... neil stabilize ... reactivating oam , reorient to correct position . Neil hit the Gemini 's thruster , but the ship lurch , start spinning . Dave grunt . Neil 's eye tick to the console . neil okay , let 's shut everything down . they shut everything off , but the ship keep spinning on all 3 axis . food , checklist , chart start flying about the cabin . neil I need a thruster readout . dave scott we be quiet but I read the agena fire . push in on Neil , work the problem , eye ticking ... .--.to the 8 ball show a huge bank ... ...to the gauge show violent spin rate ... ...to dave struggling with the disparate G force ... neil prepare to separate from the agena . Dave look at Neil , unsure . dave scott neil I can not map the trajectory , ( cut he off ) we could smash into -- reset the agena to allow remote command . Dave follow order . Neil grab the throttle . neil on my mark . 3 , 2 , 1 , disengage . 72. Dave flip a switch ; the GREEN docking light blink out . Neil fire the thruster and the Gemini jerk away ... the agena spin violently outside the window , Dave blanching as it narrowly miss the nose of the Gemini ... neil engage thruster to reduce roll . Neil hit the throttle ... but the ship spin faster , whipping everything wildly around the cabin ! Neil , surprised , let go of the throttle , eye ticking to the console when ... thwack ! a flight plan smack he in the head ! dave scott oam propellent down to 30 percent ! Neil , it 's we ! Neil strain against the rocketing G force , nauseating and deadly ... he eye ticking to the roll rate gauge at 300° / SEC . fucci ( comm ) Gemini 8 , csq . how do you read ? int . bridge , costal sentry quebec , atlantic ocean - same time calm seas through the window . a few man helm the u.s.a.f. ship as jim fucci , 42 , man a state of the art tracking console . fucci ( comm ) Gemini 8 , csq . how do you -- dave scott ( comm ) we have serious problem ! fucci freeze , stare at he instrument panel . dave ( comm ) we be tumble end over end up here , we be disengage from the agena . off fucci , pale , smash to -- int . mcc - same time kraft , deke , Hodge gather round lovell , listen intently . fucci ( comm ) neil ( comm ) .--- uh , what seem to be the ( beat ) problem ? --rol .. can not turn off ... 73 . lovell ( into comm ) csq , Flight . do he say he fucci ( comm ) could not turn the agena off ? no , he 's separate from the agena and be in a pretty violent tumble . off the man , reacting , we smash to -- int . armstrong house - same time Janet , white , kneel by the squawk box , lean in to hear , morse snap a photo . Ed shoot he a look and he slink back . dave scott ( on squawkbox ) we have ... leave roll ... we can not ... the box cut out . no static , just silent . Janet turn to Ed ... who 's grim . off Janet , terrified , smash back to -- ext . space , gemini VIII - same time the capsule hurtle at a revolution a second , the agena spin slowly in the distance ... fucci ( comm ) do you copy that , Flight ? sunlight flash off the window , smashing US back into -- int . gemini VIII cockpit - same time sunlight blaze intermittently , a strobe light on the ephemera fly across the cabin . it 's dizzying ... fucci ( comm ) they seem to have a stick thruster . Dave 's eye roll back . Neil clock it , try to focus on the console , search for an_ answer . the sound fade to the slosh in Neil 's ear as we smash into -- neil Pov . he 's start to gray out . he shut he eye and open they ... everything spin around he at nauseate speed , it 's almost as if he 's not move at all ... now the sloshing in he ear fade to eerie quiet ... and we hear the awful whir of karen' cobalt machine . Neil shut he eye again ... try to push the sound away ... in the dark , he faintly hear a hissing ... neil oam thruster must be stick ... 74 . Neil 's eye fly OPEN and he yank the breaker , cutting all power . it go black , save for the flicker sunlight ... Neil 's eye tick over gauge . oam drop but roll rate keep rising . push in on Neil 's eye , twitching and smash into -- neil Pov . a blur . the fuzzy roll rate needle inch past 500° / second . Neil 's eye start to roll back and ... it goe dark ... Karen 's cobalt machine grow louder ... Neil force he eye open ... they dart across the control ... search for a answer , a way out ... ..- when he look overhead and spot a red control . neil initiate rcs squib . dave. Dave ! Neil shake Dave , pull he awake . fucci ( comm ) neil Gemini 8 , csq , come in ... we need a rocket to stop the spin . the re-entry rocket ... Dave , groggy , get it . he reach for the squib . neil on my mark ! 3 , 2 , 1 , now ! Dave blow the squib and Neil reach over he head , flick on the re-entry control system . nothing happens . shit . neil do not fire . re - Arm . Dave ! Dave , struggle to stay conscious , reset . neil on my mark ... 3 , 2 , 1 , now . Dave re-arm as Neil again reach up and ... boom , boom , boom ! the re-entry booster FIRE , spinning the capsule faster ... Neil grip the thruster , battle to stabilize the ship as Dave fade . Neil 's eye tick to the roll rate . 525 , 530 , 530 ... the needle hold . be it work ? push in on Neil , forcing himself to stay conscious , willing the needle to fall ... fucci ( comm ) Gemini 8 , csq , come in . Gemini 8 ? as Neil , struggle , start to fade , we smash to -- 75 . int . bridge , coastal sentry quebec - same time close on a needle , quivering at 530° / second . Men crowd around fucci , stare . and sweat . lovell ( comm ) ccsq , be there a status update ? int . mcc - same time the man stand freeze , worried . it 's silent . lovell look to kraft , deke and Hodge . conrad and other crowd round . grim . lovell ( into comm ) csq , this be Flight . can you -- static cut he off . then , faintly ... dave ( comm ) .-.- regain control ... rcs conrad direct . motherfucker . as the group let out a collective breath , smash back to -- int . gemini VIII cockpit - same time Dave , foggy , unsettle , watch Neil calmly pulsing the rcs , eye on the dropping roll rate gauge ... 300 °... 250°... 200°... neil keep a eye on we rcs fuel . Dave nod , eye the fuel gauge . the sun stop strobing , the flight plan stop whipping about the cabin ... fucci ( comm ) 8 , csq . how be you do ? dave ( into comm ) we be pulsing the rcs pretty slowly so we do not -- it 's all roll right , we be try to kill we roll rate . fucci ( comm ) dave okay . everything 's okay . ( to Neil ) you believe this guy ? neil move we back to one ring . off Neil , CUT back to -- int . mcc - same time Hodge lean in . 76 . hodge ( into comm ) csq , Flight . find out how fucci ( comm ) much rcs fuel he have use . roger. Gemini 8 , csq . how much rcs have you use ? kraft ( to the mpad guy ) I want emergency landing option . Hodge and deke both turn to kraft , surprised . deke what about the e.v.a. and -- kraft we gotta get they home . kraft head off . as deke reel , Ed walk up . sotto -- ed Jan 's outside . int . hallway outside mcc - same time close on Jan wait by the door . in she eye , intense anger and worry . a long beat ... then deke walk out with ed. ed Neil 's okay . deke the ship 's stable , he will be all right , Jan . I need you to go home . janet ( process , then ) Fine . turn the box back on . deke I 's all see what I can -- janet turn it back on now . deke there 's a security protocol , janet I can not just -- bullshit . deke Jan . you have to trust I , we have this under control . janet all this goddamn protocol and procedure to make it seem like ... ( more ) 77 . janet ( cont 'd ) like it 's ' under control . 's you be a bunch of boy make model from balsa wood , you do not have anything under control . tear well ... embarrass and angry , she stalk off . deke take she home , will ya ? ed what do we say to the press ? deke do not follow . ed the life guy , morse , he be pao ( 0.c. ) with Jan , he leak it to -- deke , I need a statement . the Public affair Officer run up . public affayr officer we be get call from the network , the papers , local news ... shit. off deke , CUT back to -- int . gemini VIII cockpit - same time it 's quiet , a checklist float calmly , the roll stop . fucci ( comm ) 8 , Flight 's tell I to relay that they be look into 6 or 7 dash 3 area at this time . please enter be - entry module 4 in the ATM computer . Dave hesitates , realize they be terminate the flight . but Neil just pull out a map , survey the landing area . neil right in the middle . Okinawa . that be the third choice , remote area . ( then ) I would like to argue . about the go home . but I do not know how we can . the slight hint of frustration . but there 's nothing to do . dave scott I ’1ll get start on re-entry . downcast , Dave turn to the basic computer , start punch number in when ... pop ! pop ! pop ! Dave stiffen , spin ... 78 . +..to find Neil firing the oam thruster . dave scott what be -- we will start to spin again ! neil only way to find the culprit . off Dave , unnerved , CUT to -- int . mcc - same time the room buzy , prepping for re-entry . gilruth huddle with deke and kraft . a beat . then we hear lovell -- lovell ( 0.c. , into comm ) 8 , we be show you roll rate back up to 90 degree . confirm ? Neil ? the man turn , alarm . Hodge and lovell look tense . lovell neil ( comm ) Neil ? ( beat ) check oam , thruster 8 fail open at present . neil ( comm ) this could have be true at the time of the incident , although we cannot verify that at this time . be he nut ? Hodge lean into the comm . hodge ( over comm ) Neil , this be Hodge , we have get ten minute to re-entry , let 's put a pin in the analysis for now , shall we ? off the man , we CUT to -- int . ed 's corvette - night Ed drive Janet home . she stare ahead , still furious . Ed consider talk , think better of it . a beat , then he turn onto they street . we see the horde of PRESS . it 's grown . various PRESS ( prelap ) various PRESS ( prelap ) Mrs. armstrong ? Janet ? can we get a photo ? Jan ? int . live room , armstrong house - houston - same time Ed push into the house with Janet , press call out after they until Ed shut the door . the press fall back . 79 . as Jan recover , Ed glance at Pat , on the sofa with the kid ... watch Adam West 's batman . oblivious . Ed smile ... when the show be interrupted by a ABC news special report . peter jenning ( on tv ) we have interrupt we regular program due to the emergency rick return of Gemini 8 ... Mom ? scare , Rick look to Janet . at a loss , she walk into -- int . kitchen , armstrong house - houston - continuous Janet pour herself a glass of water . she start to lift it , but she hand be shaking . Janet try to settle herself ... ...- but she can not . the glass shake even more violently , until Janet have no choice but to set it down . as Janet lean against the sink , struggling , we prelap -- lovell ( comm , prelap ) one minute to los . Naha rescue 1 will be on station at splashdown ... int . gemini VIII cockpit - later Dave stow gear while Neil check heading , helmet now on . lovell ( comm ) ... I have a backup yaw star for you at retrofire minus 4 minute . sirius will be 4 degree . stand by for -- the comm CUT out . they be on they own . dave scott ( into comm ) 30 second . I be on Auto neil ( into comm ) retro -- I nil do it manually . Dave look unsure , but Neil reach for the throttle . neil ( into comm ) dave scott ( into comm ) retro rocket squib - arm. ( flick the 4 squib ) 1 , 2 , 3 , 4 , light . neil ( into comm ) dave scott ( into comm ) okay . Count I down . ( eye on the clock ) ...5 , 4 , 3 , 2 , 1 retrofire . Neil fire the retro-rockets ... he and Dave be slammed into they seat as the spaceship hurtle down towards the earth ... 80 . dave scott ( into comm ) props off . retro-power , safe . retro - jett , safe . lock restraint harness . Neil 's harness will not lock . frustrate , he jam the buckle together ... restricting he right arm . Neil grimace as sunlight stream in , the horizon at the top of the window . neil ( into comm ) I keep think there 's something we have forget about ... Neil 's uncharacteristically antsy . it make Dave nervous . dave scott ( into comm ) we do everything , far as I know . if not , it 's too late . the atmosphere grab hold , G force increasing . the heat consume they , the plasma glowing pink in the window ... as Neil and Dave sweat and strain against it all , we -- smash to black . gilruth ( 0.c. , over black ) Gemini 8 see two complex vehicle launch on the same day , on time ... fade in : int . auditorium , manned space CENTER - houston , TX gilruth stand at the podium , address a Mass of reporter . Gemini 8 Pilot Press Conference March 26 , 1966 gilruth ... we see a flawless rendezvous and docking . all of which have tend to be overshadow by the malfunction . find Neil behind he with Dave and NASA personnel . Neil look more uncomfortable than he be moment ago ... gilruth but I think we should focus on the progress result from the mission . 81 . int . conference room , manned space CENTER - houston , TX low , gilruth , kraft , deke and army brass at a long table . Neil and Dave sit across from they . GEORGE low Neil , the board would like to focus on the malfunction . we hear clacking , spot a stenographer . it 's a formal mission review . and judge by low 's tone , Neil 's job be on the line . GEORGE low can you walk we through the decision to separate from the agena ? as Neil consider , we smash back to -- the PRESS conference . a houston post reporter . houston post reporter you mention the rate of revolution be more than once a second . how near be you to be unconscious ? neil we do not have any specific difficulty in observe the panel . houston post reporter you have not begin to gray out or anything like that ? off Neil , hesitating , not in he element , smash back to -- the formal mission review . GEORGE low why do not you use the agena to stabilize the combine craft ? neil we do . this be not effective . and , as I have say , we initially assume there be some anomaly in the agena control system . time reporter ( prelap ) okay , but have you really rule out the possibility that you ... the PRESS conference . a time reporter . 82. time reporter ..- accidentally or intentionally activate some electrical system at the time this trouble occur ? Neil hesitate ... and question keep coming . in quick cut -- agence FRANCE reporter do you have any feel of anxiety after the failure of the thruster ? hamburg PRESS in the midst of the spin do you seem to realize or feel the presence of God closer than other time ? chicago tribune do this make you question whether the space program be worth the cost ? in money and in life ? ABC reporter Neil , I have about 8,000 letter from batman fan , which I wonder if you would like to answer ? spin back to Neil . blank , exhausted . be he go to explode ? neil I appreciate you problem , why do not you see if you can rerun the batman sequence for they ? and for we . we miss it too . a pause . then the room break into laughter . Neil force a smile as we smash back to -- the conference room . the man huddle . pull back to find Neil still sit there . wait . a long beat , then low stand . GEORGE low thanks , Neil . there 's a lot to discuss but I think that 's all for now . we will be in touch soon . it 's not warm . Neil stand but no one else do . as Neil awkwardly walk out , unsure of he future , we prelap -- neil ( prelap ) ( cont ’d ) no , no , no ! it 's unacc - - it 's unacceptable ! 83 . int . kitchen , armstrong home - day close on Neil on the phone . as agitate as we have see he . neil ( into phone ) it 's , it 's , it 's sensationalist . it 's not appropriate , it 's not a appropriate title for the piece ! Neil hold a advanced copy of a life magazine article : '' we Wild ride in Space ! " by Neil armstrong . neil ( into phone ) ( cont 'd ) I be not interested in how the other magazine be frame the story ! now we see the Wall Street Journal on the kitchen table . a headline below the fold : Moon Race : can not machine do it ? neil ( into phone ) well then ... then maybe my name should not be on the damn article ! Neil slam down the phone . Janet , plate dinner , look up . janet Neil ? but he walk out . off Janet , concerned , prelap a doorbell -- ext . ed white 's house - day Ed open the front door . and find Janet . janet can you come over ? ed not sure that 's gonna help . janet please . she 's insistent . Ed hesitates but Pat , at the door as well , nudge he . he head across the yard . Pat offer a smile . PAT my sister marry a dentist . I use to wonder what it be like . he 's home by six every night . and every three month my sister call to say she wish he be not . Janet manage a laugh . a beat . 84 . janet I keep hope it will be better . if thing go right . when they do . int . neil basement office , armstrong house - early evening a large desk . cover with schematics of the agena , data from Gemini 8 , diagram of the Gemini 's sixteen oam thruster . find Neil hunch over it all with a engineer' pad . hold on he , study the malfunction , work the problem . we hear a rumble and Neil look up ... Ed roll down the stair . ed back to work ? neil I be try to find a way to isolate a single thruster . it 's awkward , the fight still not really behind they . a beat . ed I be gonna go over to Dave 's . no response from Neil . Ed , give up , start to retreat ... neil .-- I could use a break . Ed pause . he and Neil share a look . detente . we hear the second Movement of dvorak 's New World symphony and CUT to -- int . kitchen , dave scott' house - night Neil and Ed sit drink with Dave Scott . they listen to a 8 - track , dvorak wash over they . off the music -- neil felt a little like that , right ? be up there ? ed how much do you have to drink ? Neil toss a empty beer can at Ed . Ed laugh . so do Neil . dave scott I will say one thing . it 's all I can think about . get back up . Neil nod . Ed eye he beer , a odd look on he face . 85 . dave scott ( cont ’d ) what ? ed Gus grab I earlier . he and deke want I on the team . neil for the first Apollo mission ? Ed nod , tentative . Dave explode , thrilled for he . dave scott Holy shit . that 's huge ! neil ( cont 'd ) that saturn 's a monster . it 's gonna be a helluva ride . Neil 's smiling , genuinely excited . dave scott you know deke want Gus to be first one on the moon , so that first team -- ed let 's not get ahead of ourselves . neil ( cont 'd ) okay , but it be pretty exciting . heck , just to be the first to test the new capsule -- ed yeah , Gus be already bitching . dave scott i’1l bet . neil well , I can not wait to hear about it . ed Gus bitching ? you will . they all laugh , Ed clearly relieved at Neil 's reaction . ext . dave scott 's house - continuous Ed and Neil stumble out of Dave 's house , start walk home . they walk quietly for a beat . then -- neil Janet tell I you come ' round during the mission . 86 . ed you would have do the same . neil no . I would not have . Ed look at Neil . then laugh . Neil do too . then he slow , look up at the night sky . Ed smile . neil you ever fly a aeronca ? ed sure . learned to fly on one . neil I fly that plane a ton before I join the navy . I use to like come down steep on final approach so I could land early and have time to roll out ... ed Bet the navy instructor love that . neil they beat it out of I . neil after Korea , I go back to purdue . the flight club have a aeronca , so one weekend I fly it home to wapakoneta . I put it into a big slip on final approach like when I be a kid ... I bang the thing so hard on the landing , it could not fly back . ed you crash a aeronca ? after all that mission in Korea ? neil have to take the wing off and haul it back to Lafayette on a trailer . ed I hope none of the coed see you . Ed smile broadly . Neil smile back ... then he tightens . 87 . neil the whole way back , I keep try to replay the landing in my head . but I could not . I have not be pay attention . it be like riding a bike so I would just ... I have not be pay attention . ed ( cont 'd ) Neil . neil I keep think if I would be smarter , if I would do a little more prep ... ed bullshit . neil I be distract . after elliot ... I be distract . ed Neil . this be not you fault . but Neil be not sure . off the doubt in he eye , CUT to -- ext . gilruth 's office , manned space CENTER - night a long hallway . at the end of it , Neil sit on a fold chair outside the corner office . tapping he foot . close on Neil , sweat . nervous unlike anything we have see . he scratch he leg . again . Foot still tapping . at last , the door open . deke lean out . deke Neil . come on in . Neil stand . quickly . deke lead he into -- int . gilruth 's office , manned space CENTER - night Wood panele , a few service plaque , function over form . gilruth sit behind a desk , kraft at a work table . gilruth hey , Neil . do not bother sit , it 's gonna be a short meeting . Neil stand . awkward . Neil do not 88 . gilruth we have talk it through and we think it 's pretty clear . if you have not keep cool , well , you would not be here and we would still be ask what the hell happen . deke so would Congress . it coulda be a showstopper . gilruth you dock , you get you ship home , this mission be a success . and we be gonna treat it that way from here on out . you good with that ? neil ..- yes sir . show much , but he 's clearly relieved . gilruth I trust you will not mind represent we next month at the White House ? neil uh , no sir . gilruth good . then you be dismiss . Neil nod , walk out . deke follow he into -- int . hallway , manned space CENTER - moment later Neil and deke walk down the hall . a beat , then -- deke glance neil ... I do not really have to go to the White House , do I ? at he . deke I know you think this be bullshit , nobody like kissing up to that idiot in d.c . but it 's part of the job . especially nowadays . off Neil , less than thrilled , CUT to -- 89 . int . kitchen , armstrong house - morning Janet hold up a blue suit . irritate . janet Neil alden armstrong , you can not wear a suit ! Neil , in a apron , make pancake . perfect half dollar . neil it say Black tie optional . janet you be one of three astronaut represent NASA , deke specifically tell I it be not optional . Neil frown as Ed walk in the front door with a duffle . ed Nice apron . manly . janet would you tell he he 's get to wear a tuxedo to the White House ? ed I dunno , maybe he should wear the apron . neil do not you have a plane to catch ? Ed laugh . and notice schematics on the table . diagram for the lunar landing test vehicle , a odd , free-flying trainer that 'il simulate lunar gravity . and yes , it 's a update of the diagram that inspire Neil to join Apollo back on p.19 . ed be this the lunar landing sim ? neil gene and the folk at frc have be have a heck of a time with it . ed ( off the diagram , impressed ) it 's completely fly by wire ? 90 . neil do a decent job simulate lunar gravity but if the electrical system crap out or you get a good 20 knot wind , it 's a real hairy deal . deke ask I to take a look but I think the thing 's just too damn dangerous . ed this from the ' hero of Gemini 8 's ? Neil grimace . janet do not get he start again . he 's be grumble about the trip all morning . neil how ' bout we trade and I go to the cape ? ed no , you get the gut , you gotta go enjoy the glory . int . bedroom , armstrong house - later close on a OPEN suitcase . sock , underwear and a tux ; pack meticulously . Neil add a dopp kit then hesitates . he pick it up . eye ticking over the toothbrush , toothpaste ... janet you already repack it . twice . Neil look up flustered , agitate . Janet move to he . janet when you meet the President , just look at he shoe . it 'il be okay . Neil look up , nod . Janet lean in , kiss he cheek , start to go ... but he pull she back . neil I , uh , I know I , since I get back ... janet it 's okay . it be not really . but she want to be strong for he . Neil , vulnerable , pull she in . hold tight . off Janet , CUT to -- gl . int . limousine - late afternoon close on Neil . in a tuxedo . stiff . uncomfortable . pete conrad ( 0.c. ) look like he be bear in a tux . reverse to conrad and Jim lovell , across from Neil . conrad smirk at Neil as the limo stop and the door open on ... a_red carpet . reporter line the entrance to the white house . as Pete get out , waving , we hold on Neil ... uneasy . president johnson ( prelap ) we have never succeed in freeing we planet from war . int . east room , the white house - early evening close on a formal international document : the Treaty on Outer Space , January 27 , 1967 . as LBJ 's familiar voice roll on ... ... reveal a room of dignitaries . LBJ sit at a signing table . we be behind he with Neil and the other astronaut . president johnson ( 0.c . ) but this treaty mean the moon will serve only the purpose of peace ... and that astronaut and cosmonaut might meet on the moon as brother . LBJ hand a pen to a heavyset ambassador wear a sickle pin . as he move to sign the treaty , conrad whisper to the other . pete conrad what a load of horseshit . Neil turn , but before Pete can go on , they be overwhelm by applause and flashbulb . as Neil flinch , we flash to -- int . east room , white house - later lovell and Neil talk to a Senator . Neil cling to a beer . lovell ... we be very bullish on Apollo . senator I should hope , give the time we have spend develop it . Neil look uncomfortable . the congressman notice . 92 . senator Commander armstrong ? you disagree ? neil we learn to fly sixty year ago . so if you consider the technological development in the context of history -- senator I be consider it in the context of taxpayer dollar . Neil do not know what to say . lovell step in ... lovell so be we , Senator . and between we , if the capsule pass plug out , we will have a heck of a launch next month . I be sure Mr. gilruth would be happy to discuss it in detail . lovell lead the Senator across the room to gilruth ... and away from Neil . Neil awkwardly drift toward the bar . he stand there for a moment , totally out of place ... when a pretty staffer appear at he side with a flirty smile . pretty female staffer be not you someone I should know ? neil ...uh , probably not . she walk off , confuse . conrad we need to get you a stronger drink . Neil see conrad 's beside he . conrad wave for a beer . conrad no stomach for political theater ? neil ... that what this be ? conrad we have get more troops on the ground in Vietnam every day . you think LBJ want astronaut and cosmonaut to ' meet on the moon as brother 's ? 93. neil then why sign the treaty ? conrad you can not lose a race you do not run . ( off Neil ) we be still neck and neck with the Russians , and for what ? icbm 's have make space irrelevant , militarily . why break the bank on the moon when you could spend it in saigon ? neil ..- you think he have just drop Apollo ? conrad oh yeah . if LBJ be not from Texas we would already be dead . Neil stare at he . lovell walk conrad Jesus , armstrong , where have you be ? do you see the polling on Apollo ? armstrong no . I do not . conrad well , it 's not good . lovell knock it off , Pete . up , nod to the bartender for a beer . lovell we launch Apollo , nobody 's go to cut we funding . that shiny new capsule 's gonna have every kid in the country dream about a trip to the moon . conrad that shiny new capsule have not pass plug out . lovell talk to I in a hour . he take a drink , then lean into Neil so Pete can not hear he . lovell any word on plug out ? 94 . ext./ int . gantry elevator , launch tower , pad 34 , cape - day deke ride up the elevator with Gus , Ed and roger chaffee , 32 , suite up , carry helmet . Ed look down the side of the saturn 1b rocket , at the cape stretch out below . thrilled . ed pretty , be not she ? yes , we be 40 stories up , scale a rocket four time the size of gemini 's titan and it 's spectacular . but only Ed notice . gus I think the 21st be push it . deke the Russians have already test the soyuz . once they get the proton- k off the ground -- gus I get it . but if the capsule 's not ready , it 's not ready . I be not go up there in a lemon . deke no . we would not let you . the elevator stop . short . a foot below adjustable level 8 and the gleaming apollo capsule sit atop the saturn . as Gus shoot deke a look , pull himself up , we CUT to -- int . the white room , adjustable level 8 , pad 34 - moment later pad leader guenter wendt oversee tech remove thick power cord from the new apollo capsule . it 's very shiny indeed . guenter wendt power up the capsule 's internal battery for plug out . close hatches now . through the hatch , we see Ed , helmet now on , push the inner hatch towards we sealing the capsule . we feel the excitement as tech close the middle hatch above it and we go ... close on ratchet . tighten six different latch . CUT from ratchet to ratchet until ... tech ablative hatch close . close the boost protective cover . they close the cover , start the process again . push into -- 95 . int . apollo cockpit , pad 34 - same time close on another ratchet tightening a latch . ed ( 0.c . ) that 's all of ‘em . find Ed in the familiar Apollo cockpit . he glance at the other five locked latch , put away the ratchet . gus ( into comm ) ready for oxygen purge . we hear the hiss of oxygen ... and snippet of conversation over comm . Gus , beside Ed , hit the comm button . gus ( into comm ) guy , we have get a open mic . launch director ( comm ) uh , let 's hold the countdown . a beat . the crew look annoyed . deke ( comm ) sorry guy , we will get this square . gus ( into comm ) how be we gonna get to the moon if we can not talk between two building ? launch director ( comm ) .-- Gus , we do not get that . as Gus , piss , shake he head , we CUT to -- int . hallway , georgetown inn - WASHINGTON , DC - same time a elevator ding . lovell , conrad and Neil get off . pete conrad I be gonna get outta this monkey suit and head to the bar . lovell I be in . Neil ? neil I think I x11 check in with the cape . pete conrad you hell raiser , you . Neil peel off . 96 . int . room , georgetown inn , WASHINGTON , DC - moment later Neil walk in , neatly hang he jacket in the closet . he pull at he tie , sit on the bed and reach for the phone , dialing then take off he shoe as he wait for ... petrone ( over phone ) rocco . neil ( into phone ) it 's Neil . how 's it go there ? petrone ( over phone ) we be on a hold . glitch in the comm , about ten away , I think . neil ( into phone ) huh. okay . how 's the capsule look ? petrone ( over phone ) oh , she 's a beaut . Neil can not help but smile . excite for Apollo . for ed. petrone happy to give you guy a holler a bit later with a status report . neil ( into phone ) that would be great . thanks , rocco . Neil hang up , grab the remote ... a Zenith ' space commander .' he blink at the name ... then snap on the tv and settles in . int . apollo cockpit , pad 34 - later Ed look over a manual , clearly bore . deke ( comm ) a few more minute , we have just about get it sort . gus ( into comm ) shit , we be gonna be here all night . ed ( into comm , to Roger ) he 'il turn the corner . in half a hour he 'il be sing Sinatra . gus ( into comm , to Ed ) stop screwing around , wouldya ? 97 . deke ( comm ) easy , everyone just cool it . gus ( into comm ) get the damn comm work and we will cool it . tech ( comm ) I get a surge in the ac Bus 2 launch director ( comm ) voltage . try resetting the meter . Gus , happy to have something to do , look over the gauge . gus ( into comm ) rog , you see anything on the dial ? chaffee turn to look and notice a SMALL flame on the floor . before he can react ... the flame jump . chaffee ( into comm ) hey ! the flame flash through the cockpit , FIRE blazing around all three of they . Ed and Gus react -- it 's fright , but they stay calm , hustling through evacuation procedure ... Ed reach for the hatch ... the latch be tight . he grab a ratchet , struggle to loosen a latch , but he arm be engulfed by fire . he keep working ... even as he suit start to melt . Ed grimace . the latch be not budging . his eye dart to the other five latch . as he start to panic , smash to -- int . blockhouse , pad 34 , cape canaveral - same time a far view of the capsule from 400 foot below . it look fine . petrone ( into comm ) Gus ? can you hear we up there ? launch director rocco petrone , 40 , eye the capsule on the b&w monitor . we be in a makeshift launch command at the base of the rocket . deke walk up with a cup of coffee . deke comm be still out ? tech should have be fix by now . the tech at the comm shrug . petrone try again . petrone ( into comm ) Gus , can you hear -- ed ( comm ) we get a fire in the cockpit ! 98 . petrone pause , eye the monitor ... as the hatch window light up , turn white . deke remain calm . deke okay . get they out of there . petrone ( into comm ) hey crew , can you egress at this time ? confirm it . no response . deke take the comm . deke ( into comm ) guenter , get in there and help they . deke look up . High above , tech move towards the capsule . petrone ( into comm ) Crew do we get verification ? chaffee ( comm ) can you egress at -- we have a bad fire ! we be burn up ! we be burn ... they hear chaffee scream . it 's primal , heart-stopping . deke , now concerned , look up . a beat , then -- boom !!! the capsule ruptures , smoke pouring out ... everyone in the blockhouse pale . deke and petrone stare , incredulous as the tech above fall back . petrone ( into comm ) pad leader , be you able to guenter wendt ( comm ) hear they ? guenter -- all the smoke , we can not ... deke , unnerved , take the comm , try to remain professional . deke ( into comm ) Gus , can you hear we ? Gus ? but there 's no response . off deke -- int . live room , armstrong house - night Janet read , Rick and Mark play on floor . a quiet moment ... until the phone ring . Janet stand , pick up the phone . janet ( into phone ) hello ? deke ( over phone ) Janet , it 's deke . there 's be a accident at the cape . we ... we do not know how bad yet . would you mind go over to Pat 's ? 99 . off Janet , pale , smash to -- int . white's house - same time the kid play as Janet help Pat carry in grocery bag . PAT thank goodness you swing by , I would have a car full of melt ice pop . Pat smile , chipper , when the doorbell ring . PAT you mind toss the rest of the perishable into the fridge ? janet of course not . Pat exit . Janet put the milk in the fridge ... when she hear a awful , gut wrenching , animalistic scream . Jan freeze . as the sound ripples through she , smash to -- int . room , georgetown inn - WASHINGTON , DC - moment later Neil as we leave he , on he bed , tux still on , watch tv . and wait . a beat . then the phone ring . Neil grab it . neil ( into phone ) hello ? deke ( over phone ) Neil . neil ( into phone ) hey . how would it go ? deke ( over phone ) ( pause ) not great , there be ... a accident . no easy way to say this ... Ed , Gus and Roger , they be , they be go . Neil sit there . blink . not follow . neil ( into phone ) I do not understand . it be a test . deke ( over phone ) we think there be a wiring issue . neil I do not ... I do not follow . 100 . deke there be a fire and , and we will get to the bottom of it . right now we need you guy to lay low . the press be all over this , Senator mondale 's go to call for a investigation , we do not want you to have to deal with any of that , okay ? Neil ? neil ( into phone ) yes. okay . thanks . Neil hang up . a beat . Neil sit , silent . blank . he lift the phone , as if to make a call ... and hold the receiver , the dial tone pulsing , grow louder , until ... ..- he smashes the receiver on the cradle . again . and again . and again . harder now . until he 's smash the receiver on the cradle with such force ... ... that the phone crack ... the nightstand buckle . and still he continue . pain and rage pour out ... he keep pounding the phone ... until it 's pulverize ... until the nightstand split ... until he finger , he hand start to bleed ... until at last he run out of steam . and pause . panting . his face contort ... he eye ticking to he hand . badly mauled , blood dripping down the phone ... we hold on he for a awful beat and then we ... fade to black . fade in : ext . ellington AIR force base , houston , TX - day tight on neil 's face . eye focus , but emotionless . dead . a stark contrast to the jag hand -held camera . and a stark contrast to the Neil we last see . wound bury , yet there on the surface . scar tissue , invisible to most , less so to we . ellington Air Force base May 6 , 1968 101 . jim lovell ( comm ) wind be pretty rough today , keep a eye on you translation rate . pull back to find Neil expose to the element , strapped into the lunar landing test vehicle . a mess of metal pipe with a cockpit . the realization of the diagram we see on p.101 . jim lovell ( comm ) approach altitude , drift east . neil ( into comm ) copy . correct . Neil hit the thruster and a burst of peroxide spit out to we right . as it push the lltv leave we pull back further ... Neil 's hundred of feet above the ground in a contraption that do not look like it should fly . Jesus . the camera do a wild 360 around the belching craft then ... push in on Neil . neil ( into comm ) five hundred foot . switch to lunar mode and start descent . dead-ey , but alert , Neil hit a button and start to guide the lltv to a landing . thrusters pop and hiss ; the craft rock and buck , but Neil 's eye remain steady on he gauge . close on the altitude gauge : 400 ... 300 ... 200 foot . neil ( into comm ) final landing approach . Neil calmly pilot the lltv down through 100 foot ... when the bottom fall out . the craft start to drop rapidly . Neil pull on the thruster , but the lltv do not respond . jim lovell ( comm ) increase altitude ! Neil ! Neil hit the thruster again ... the craft shoot up to 200 foot ... then roll sharply to the right !! it 's terrifying . neil ( into comm ) attitude control degrade . steam spit from the thruster ; peroxide particle burn Neil 's neck . unfazed , he try to correct the roll ... only to have the craft go up_on it 's side like a carnival ride ! Neil quickly pull the throttle right , but now the lltv sways back even further on the other side !! holy fuck !! 102 . jim lovell ( comm ) you translation rate be too high ! you have gotta bail out ! Neil , do you hear I , you have to bail out now ! but Neil , eye dark , barely register this . lovell 's voice fade ... then the SOUND drop out entirely . push in tight on neil 's face in total silence . we clock the intensity , hard and cold , the darkness in he eye ... more frightening than anything happen around he . a long beat ... then Neil 's eye tick down . we see the ground rushing up to meet the craft . neil ( into comm ) I gotta go . lightening fast Neil pull the ejection handle . boom !!! SOUND come rushing back as the ejection seat explode out of the lltv , tossing Neil a hundred foot up into the air !!! pop pop pop ! Neil 's parachute unfurl , stabilize we just in time to see the lltv crash below ... and burst into flame . off Neil , stare down at the fiery blaze of metal , prelap -- deke ( prelap ) the vehicle be not safe . ext . / int . deke 's office , msc , houston - night kraft and deke argue with Neil . deke we need to shut it down , Neil . neil it 's the best simulation we have . kraft yes , but -- neil landing in lunar gravity be the most substantial hurdle leave ; the vehicle give we the best approximation of flight in a lunar environment . 103 . kraft okay , but you and the other be too valuable to risk on a fly by wire system with no backup . neil the ejection seat be the backup . deke Neil , the political fallout neil from another accident -- that 's what you be worried about ? deke you could have die , Neil . neil but I do not . deke a split second more and -- neil we need to fail ! deke react , but Neil 's too far go to notice ... neil that 's the point . this test be not about get it right , they be about knowledge . we fail and we learn and we fail and we learn and it 's the only goddamn reason we have get this far . we have to keep fail here so we do not fail there . kraft but at what cost ? neil whatever it take . the tense standoff , we prelap -- ktrh anchor ( on radio ) .-. the NASA press release say the ejection take place at 200 foot ... int . armstrong house ( houston ) - night Janet stand by the stove , cooking . or rather she be . now she listen to the radio on the sill . pale . ktrh anchor ( on radio ) .-- but eyewitness say armstrong be much lower . Senator mondale be particularly vocal on the loss of the multi-million dollar machine ... 104 . the door open . Neil walk in , see dinner be not on the table , start to head towards he office when ... janet be you okay ? Neil stop , turn . impenetrable . neil it 's always a sad day when you lose a machine . it 's hard to take ; Janet need more , but Neil 's distract . his eye tick to the radio . senator mondale ( on radio ) ... we have spend more than we do on the Manhattan project , we have put we most talented young man at risk , and what be the odd of success ? Neil stiffen . Janet , visibly upset , turn back to the stove . the radio seem to grow louder . senator mondale ( on radio ) be it any wonder that a majority of the public no longer feel the space program be worth it ? the front door slam . Janet turn . Neil 's go . int . wolfie 's restaurant , cape kennedy - day a 60' diner . Neil eat alone , study data from he lltv crash . he jot down a note and take a bite of steak which he 's cut into cube ( so he can eat while he work ) . Neil 's so engross , he do not hear the music . hendrix . all along the watchtower . as it roll past he , we rack focus to a table of young hippies . facial hair , tie -dye , a box radio . a girl in joplin sunglass ( think penny Lane ) stare at Neil . his cut up steak . his close cropped hair . his thin black tie . he 's a walk anachronism . the girl point . the other snicker . Neil do not notice . push in on he , oblivious . a man alone , out of time , but nonetheless hell bent , single minded , determine . his eye ticking insistently , he focus unwavering . that be , until ... a file be drop in front of Neil . confidential . Neil look up , find deke . who sit , nod at the file . Neil open it . 105 . grainy photograph of a huge rocket . with russian marking . deke it be unmanned . 2 million pound of thrust . it circle the moon . dammit . neil how long until we test the first stage of saturn five ? deke Public support for Apollo have be drop like a brick since the fire , Congress will not fund we to be second best . shit , we move too slow , they will not fund we at all . Neil realize ... neil we be testing all 3 stage at once . deke nod . Holy shit . even Neil be strike . deke Apollo 8 will attempt to duplicate what the Soviets do . lovell 's in command . you be the backup . kraft may not have be impressed by you tirade , but gilruth be . at least my version of it . ( stand ) get the new lltv online asap . you , conrad and borma n’1l rotate . if we actually manage to get there , one of you be gonna have to land . deke leave . Neil process . he 's one of three man who might land on the moon . Jesus . a beat , then we pull back ... high and wide on the diner . the hendrix , the hippie and the anonymous astronaut ... who very well might make history . we take in the oddity of the tableau , then CUT to -- int . vehicle assembly build ( vab ) , ksc - day a crane lift the enormous second stage of a saturn rocket . we be in the 8 - acre , 526 - foot -tall hanger that be the v.a.b. mike collin Jesus , that 's a big mother . 106 . mike collin ( 38 , shrewd ) stand with Neil , buzz , lovell , Dave and a few other as the crane set the second stage atop the first , which sit on the massive apollo crawler-transporter . buzz gonna be some kind of explosion if it go up . ( off the other ) the mpad guy say there 's a twenty percent chance . lovell I be gonna get some water . lovell , a little pale , head off towards the office . mike collin shit , buzz , he 's gotta fly that thing . neil it 's in the briefing pack . Dave turn towards Neil , surprised . and a bit agitate . dave scott you do not think that 's a problem ? this be exactly the kinda rush job that lead to the fire . Neil do not respond . Dave , annoyed , walk off after lovell . buzz he 's just piss off cause he lose the lunar lottery . another astronaut what ? what be you talk about ? buzz the lltv rotation . the lltv 's unstable , the only guy they 'il risk on it be the one who actually might land . 3 commander , 2 pilot . Neil do not like this talk ; neither do the other . mike collin you think you be go to the moon ? buzz the landing 's be up for grab ever since Gus and Ed die . ( more ) 107 . buzz ( cont 'd ) if 8 make it there and back , 10 , 11 or 12 be go to be the one . that 's borman , conrad or Neil . with ander or I piloting . ( off they reaction ) what ? I be just say what you be all think out loud . neil maybe you should not . it 's sharp . buzz turn , surprised . before he can respond , the man see lovell waving from the office . smash to -- int . office , vehicle assembly build , ksc - later close on a radio console . we hear comm . in russian . komarov ( russian , on radio ) activate , activate . ground ( russian , on radio ) understood . we comrade recommend a deep breath . Neil and the other join lovell and deke at the console . a military aide / translator , 20 , explain . military translator the japanese pick up the radio signal . a telemetry antenna and one of the solar array fail . dave scott bad maiden run for the soyuz . komarov ( russian , on radio ) military translator orientation problem persist . ( off the comm ) he 's mid-retrofire . buzz one wing , no telemetry , how 's he manage re-entry ? military aide this be he third attempt . lovell Jesus . it 's good news for we team . but no one 's smile . komarov ( russian , on radio ) enter atmosphere ... unable ground ( russian , on radio ) to control attitude ... Center of gravity be off , you be come down too fast . 108 . the man clock komarov 's tone . neil what 's happen ? military translator the soyuz 's attitude be off , it 's not get any lift . komarov ( russian , on radio ) nothing I lay my hand on ground ( russian , on radio ) work ! rubin , this be Zarya , deploy you drogue to slow descent ! military translator he 's deploy parachute . dave scott he 's gotta be come in hot . they lean in , the human element supersede the competitive . komarov ( russian , on radio ) Main parachute have fail ... ground ( russian , on radio ) do not get that . can you be -- komarov ( russian , on radio ) Main parachute have fail ... manually deploy reserve chute ! military translator his main chute fail . lovell he 's get to have a reserve . they listen , tense ... then komarov start to scream . komarov ( russian , on radio ) the release fail ! the release ... static . the astronaut blanch . ground ( russian , on radio ) rubin , this be Zarya , how do you hear I ? rubin , do you hear I ? a beat . nothing but static on the radio . military translator I ... I think he 's crash . the man look down . grim . all save for Neil . who head out . dave scott where be you go ? neil more of a head start now . we should make use of it . 109 . he exit . off Dave , stunned , we CUT to -- television footage - ABC news color footage of ABC science editor jule bergman at the cape , apollo 8 tower on the launch pad in the distance . jule bergman ( on tv ) good morning , I be ABC Science editor Jules bergman at cape Kennedy with a late status report on Apollo 8 ... ext . cape kennedy - same time the broadcast continue but we be now on the scene . bergman sit at a desk in front of a ABC camera crew . jule bergman ( to camera ) ..- astronaut borman , lovell and ander be in they command module , the first manned spacecraft to leave Earth 's orbit ... the camera start moving , pushing past bergman to a huge field of humanity ; Apollo poster , bell bottom , sgt. pepper ... it 's woodstock for geek . in the middle of it all , a NASA van roll from the launch pad towards mission control . CUT into -- int . NASA van ( moving ) - cape kennedy - same time Neil , buzz and Fred haise , the Apollo 8 backup , sit in back . buzz stare out the window , rivete , focus on ... protestor . we note the banner : be space more important than we poor ? we boy in Vietnam ? buzz see the anger . buzz nut . just nut , huh ? buzz turn to Neil , read a manual . completely oblivious . off buzz , clearly not understanding Neil at all , we CUT to -- int . kennedy space CENTER , launch control CENTER - early morn close on Neil 's eye , now stare through the enormous window of Launch Control at Apollo 8 , steaming on the pad . in the b/g , the launch director run through flight check . even at a distance , the saturn be huge . and at 7.5 million pound of thrust , it 's the most powerful rocket in history . fido ( 0.c. ) T minus 1 minute . 110 . as the flight crew sound off , deke join Neil and look down the line .... at Dave 's jaw tensing , at buzz scratch at he neck , at Mike bite a nail ... and then at Neil . still . launch director final go , no go . eecom ? eecom engineer I be go . Launch commit . the whole room quiet as the call continue . fido T minus ten , nine , eight , seven , main engine start ... we see the engine FIRE before we hear they ... light and ceiling tile begin to shake . a couple come crashing down . fido four , three , two , one , ignition ... we hear the engine roar . a tsunami of thunder slam into the window , buckling the big one in front of Neil . Holy shit !!! a number of man hit the deck . even Neil flinch ... but the window hold . and Apollo 8 lift off the pad . there 's something terrifying about the power of the big rocket , the speed at which it hurtle into the sky ... ..- but as it continue to rise , there 's scattered clapping ... the launch be successful . and momentarily , everyone start to cheer . everyone , that be , but Neil . who head for the door . off deke , clocking this , we CUT to -- int . bathroom , kennedy space CENTER - moment later close on Neil wash he hand . concentrate . methodical . deke ( 0.c. ) helluva launch . Neil look up . deke 's walk in . Neil shrug , turn back to the sink . deke look at he for a moment . scrutinize he . deke I talk with Chris and Bob about the schedule and we have like you to command 11 . obviously , if 8 be successful , 11 or 12 will probably be we first attempt at a landing . Neil nod , pleased , but do not acknowledge the potentially momentous nature of the mission . 111 . neil who be you think for the crew ? deke Collins be clear by the doc , he 's the best Command module Pilot available . the lunar module Pilot , well , you could take lovell , but it 's a quick turnaround . and he 's in line for he own command . neil who 's the other option ? deke buzz be the guy with the most experience . Neil consider . neil let I have 24 hour . int . mcc , pilot' office - 9 pm clock read 9 pm . Neil 's hunch over a preliminary training schedule for Apollo 11 . conrad ( 0.c . ) you beat I to the moon I be gonna kick you ass . conrad , leave , hold up a packet . label apollo 12 . conrad I hear deke 's try to stick you with aldrin . Neil shrug . conrad shake he head . conrad if you can survive 8 day with he in that sardine can , power to you ... int . msc , hallway - later Neil head out . he start to turn into the elevator bank when he spot a light on down the hall . curious , he walk on ... ... and find a open door . Inside , buzz pour over a desk full of diagram , equation , trajectories for the lunar landing . buzz be so focus he do not even notice Neil . off Neil , stand , watch buzz , processing , CUT to -- 112 . int . msc , movie theater - early morning three men in gas mask be lead into a theater pack with reporter , pad and camera ready . it 's odd . Apollo 11 , pre-flight Press Conference July 5 , 1969 the man be lead on stage to a tall , three - side plastic BOX . fan be turn on to blow air toward the audience as the man sit , take off the mask . it 's Neil , Mike Collins ... and buzz . Neil , stiff , glance at deke then walk to the podium . neil we be here today to talk a bit about the forthcoming flight . we be able to talk about it because of previous flight . every flight take on new objective and leave we with very few addition to be complete . we be grateful to that people who make it possible for we to sit here today . Neil sit , no trace of emotion . deke take the podium . deke we will take question now . Jim ? reporter # 1 ( stand ) Neil , when you learn you be go to command this flight , be you surprised ? overjoyed ? neil ... I be pleased . reporter # 1 okay , but how would you compare this feel with win a automobile ? or be select as a astronaut ? neil ( pause ) I be pleased . the reporter be not pleased , but another jump up . newsweek reporter Neil , be you aware that Ralph abernathy be plan a protest for the day of the launch ? 113 . neil no . I be not . newsweek reporter he say , and I quote , '' a fifth of this nation life in poverty . in the face of such suffer , space flight represent a inhuman priority . '' do you have any comment ? neil no . a awkward beat . deke shoot Neil a look . fry harder . reporter # 2 Neil , if it do turn out , you will go down in history . what kind of thought do you have about that ? neil ( make a effort ) several people have mention that . I hope that you and the public will recognize the thing as a group effort because it really be that . reporter # 2 but when a think hit you ; ' gosh , suppose that flight be successful 's -- neil I be plan on it be successful . why do you always say ' suppose that flight will be successful ? 's reporter # 2 ..- uh , I just mean , how you look at yourself as be part of history ? Neil hesitates ... and in that moment buzz jump in . buzz I think I can shed some light here . it 's a responsibility , but it 's exciting to be first . even my wife be excited . she keep slip jewelry into my ppk . some laughter . Neil look ever so slightly irritate . reporter # 3 you be plan to take some of she jewelry to the moon , buzz ? 114 . buzz well , sure . what fella would not want to give he wife brag rights ? buzz smile , enjoy the limelight . reporter # 3 Neil , will you take anything ? neil if I have a choice , I have take more fuel . a awkward silence . then Mike laugh . Reporters , relieved , follow suit . but Neil do not . off Neil , uncomfortable -- int . neil and janet 's bedroom , armstrong house - night close on a suitcase . very tidy . find Neil pack . methodical . emotionless . a beat , then Janet walk in . janet come say good night to the boy . Neil keep pack . a beat , then Janet reach over , close the suitcase . Neil look up at she . janet the boy want you to tuck they in . neil I gotta pack . he start to turn back but she grab he arm . forceful . janet I would like you to talk to the boy . neil ( firm ) I do not have time . janet Pat try to commit suicide . Three day ago . do you even know ? she 's okay now . okay as she will ever be . ( then , off Neil ) everyday I pack you lunch , I make you dinner and I ... I use to hope that someday I have have something to show for it . I will not . I know that now . and that 's fine . but Rick and Mark ? what be the chance you be come back ? 50 percent ? 40 ? ( more ) 115 . janet ( cont 'd ) what be the chance it 's the last time they see you ? ( and then ) you do not have time ? make the fuck time . off Neil , CUT to -- int . MARK and rick's bedroom , armstrong house - night Rick ( 12 ) and Mark ( 6 ) both tuck in . Neil on Rick 's bed . rick so the trip be eight day ? neil yes . rick ( explain to Mark ) they 's 1l1 be quarantine when they get back , to make sure they have not pick up any moon germ . MARK ( worried ) be you scared , daddy ? neil we have do everything before except for the actual landing . MARK ( beat ) but why do you have to go ? Neil hesitates . neil because we have to demonstrate we can do this . Mark do not know what to make of that . Rick try to help . rick dad 's go to be famous . MARK you be ? Neil do not like the question any more than he do from the reporter . he 's quiet . a awkward beat . Jan step in . 116 . janet okay , it 's time for bed . relieved , Neil leave . hold on janet. alone . ext . armstrong house ( houston ) - night wide on the house . a black car idling by the curb . Neil come to the door , duffel and a briefcase . he give Janet a perfunctory peck and walk to the car . on janet , watch as Neil hand off he duffel , get in the car and , without so much as a look back , shut the door . int . black car ( parked ) , armstrong house - same time Neil sit back in he seat . he pull out a mission briefing , start to read as the driver get back in the car . the car pull off . in that moment , the tension leave Neil 's face . he look out the window , at the house slip away ... and we see imperceptible relief . the mission have begin . exit . astronaut crew quarter , cape canaveral - 4 am a large campus , a maze of one story barrack . cape canaveral , 4:20 am , July 16 , 1969 it 's dark , save for a light from one low window . and quiet , save for a muffled thumping . tha - thump . tha - thump . the sound take we through the light window into -- int . flight surgeon' office , crew quarter - same time close on a stethoscope . find Neil , shirtless , in front of the flight surgeon . we hear Neil 's heart rate speed up . Neil 's eye tick to the Doc . be he concerned ? a long beat , then ... surgeon he 's clear . send in aldrin . int . mess hall , ksc , JULY 16 , 1969 - later Neil sit beside a odd flower centerpiece , work he way through steak and egg . like it 's any other day . deke ( 0.c . ) what the hell be you do ? deke eat breakfast with Neil and the two other astronaut . he 's stare at buzz , signing multiple photo of himself . 117 . buzz life insurance . mine be deny . ( pass they to deke ) would you get this to Jean Ann ? Mike react . seriously ? unnerve , he glance at Neil , but Neil just keep eat , totally unfaze . gilruth ( 0.c. ) gentlemen . the man look up . gilruth stand in the doorway , wait . it 's time . as Neil stand , we CUT to -- int . crew quarter , cape canaveral - 5:30 am deke lead the man into the ready room . multiple tech swarm around three astronaut spacesuits . 5:30 am ( tf minus 4 hour , 3 minute ) as the man start to strip down , we see a series of quick cut : tape seal up a diaper around a man 's waist . a mesh of liquid - cooling tube be filled with water ; a zipper close the thin , nylon one - piece contain they . a zipper close the internal pressure suit ; a ' slide fastener 's zip it shut ; then a thermal skin be velcroed on top of that . metallic ring SNAP on one glove , then another ; sleeve be rolled over the ring . a comm ( snoopy ) cap chin-strap be snapped in place ; its wire be plugged into the top of the suit . a AIR nozzle be twisted onto the blue portal on the front of a spacesuit ; we hear the hiss of air as ... a helmet be place on the head of a preternaturally calm neil . the helmet swivel into place and the sound fade ... ... we hear only the hiss of oxygen as Neil close he eye . match CUT to -- ext . gantry elevator , launch pad 39a , cape canaveral - later close on Neil , eye still close . the hiss of air pervade . 6:45 am ( T minus 2 hour , 48 minute ) 118 . Neil open he eye , take in the enormous saturn V rocket beside he . he rise quickly up its side on the high speed elevator with buzz and Mike ( suite up ) and deke . and we can not help but notice the flock of PRESS van below , the horde of media and spectator stretch out before they . mike collin ( comm ) guess we have a couple fan . even Mike and buzz find it staggering . but for Neil it 's deeply unsettling . he look away , eye ticking to the checklist on he wrist , focus on it as only he can ... +.. until the elevator jerk to a halt . deke ( comm ) ready ? Neil look up . the door swing open . they have reach swing arm 9 , which lead to the white room and the command module . Neil grab he oxygen tank and lead the other onto -- ext . swing arm 9 , launch pad 39a , cape canaveral - continuous Neil walk forward , eye on the capsule . tech scurry , we hear chatter over comm , but it 's faint , subsume by the eerie hiss of oxygen and Neil 's intense focus on the task ahead . this be a solitary moment . Neil barely notice as a tech walk up to help he with he oxygen tank . Neil hand he tank to the tech , blink ... the tech look like elliot . Neil turn away ... and spot a_tech who look like ed . Neil pause . push in on he face , he eye ... as he close they . the hissing grow louder and we prelap faint comm -- launch director ( prelap ) the leaky hydrogen valve on the 200 foot level should not be a problem ... match CUT to -- int . apollo 11 csm , launch pad 39a - later Neil . eye close . T minus 2 hour 10 minute launch director ( comm ) we be power up the console now . 119 . his eye blink OPEN as the light on the console flash on . Neil 's strapped into the capsule . buzz and Mike beside he . buzz ( into comm ) Console on . we be go to close up . the tech move to close the hatch but deke lean in . deke give I a second . ( to Neil , comm ) .-- we think about a pill but we realize if the landing go south and you get strand you can just ... neil ( into comm ) purge the suit , go to sleep . Neil 's think it through , he be not faze at all . deke react . surprisingly emotional , he grab Neil 's glove hand . deke ( comm ) make we proud . deke exit . the tech move in to close the hatch , covering the front window with a protective shield . we hold on the three man in the tight , claustrophobic cabin . a odd quiet . eerily punctuate by a loud hiss . launch control ( comm ) pressurize the cabin . neil ( into comm ) proceed to check . running emergency Detection system . Neil , seemingly oblivious to the stifling atmosphere , start into check with the other and we see a series of quick cut : hand flipping through the Flight plan and the Mission rule . finger flick switch , punch button . eye tick from the book to the console to the clock . mike ( 0.c. , into comm ) arming escape rocket ... neil ( 0.c. , into comm ) check propulsion system ... mike ( 0.c. , into comm ) arming hand controller . buzz ( o.c. , into comm ) finalize stabilization ... neil ( 0.c. , into comm ) full internal power . 120 . a final flurry of button depressed , lighting up , of switch flipped on and we arrive at ... fido ( comm ) T minus 2 minute . launch director ( comm ) final pre-launch sequence . the man sit , nothing to do but wait . Neil be blank , but we feel the nervous anticipation of buzz and Mike because ... we be not go anywhere . we 're gonna stay with the crew for the whole damn mission . so buckle the fuck up ... craft test conductor ( comm ) personnel status check launch ops manager ( comm ) complete , all go . Operations be go for launch . test supurvisor ( comm ) test supervisor , go for launch director ( comm ) launch . we be on the automatic sequence . final abort check . push _in on Neil , hand on the abort handle . seemingly calm . fido ( comm ) 60 second and count . launch director ( comm ) all be still go . propellant tank pressurize , oxidizer tank now have pressurize . push in further on Neil 's eye . Dark . intense . a wealth of emotion . we hold on neil 's eye as the call continue ... fido ( comm ) T minus 30 second . launch director ( comm ) 3rd stage tank pressurize , reading indicate we be go . fido ( comm ) 20 second ... launch director ( comm ) 2nd stage tank pressurize , guidance be now internal ... fido ( comm ) T minus 10 , 9 , ignition sequence ... we hear a loud rumbling from far below as the capsule begin to shake . hold on neil. steady . unyield . fido ( comm ) 6 , 5 , 4 ... the noise get louder ... the roar of 7.5 million pound of thrust slamming into the ground drowns out the countdown . 121. the capsule buck violently , slamming Neil back in he seat . it 's far worse than gemini . even Neil be startled , but he will himself to focus , eye ticking rapidly from clock to console as the roar go on , the cockpit continue to shake ... Neil glance to he right ... buzz look tense , Mike look bewildered ... no sense of whether they have lift off ... can this possibly be what it 's suppose to feel like ? Neil 's eye tick to he checklist ... roll at 15 second . he glance at the clock , punch in the maneuver ... and we feel the rocket roll , g-force so intense all three man turn GREEN . Neil push through , eye glued to the instrument as , at last , the roar fade and , faintly , we hear comm ... capcom ( comm ) mode 1 Charlie . go for staging . Neil nod to buzz . he hit a switch and the roar quiet . buzz ( into comm ) neil ( into comm ) inboard cut off . ( input sequence ) staging ... and ignit -- boom ! the man be slammed back into they seat ... but the shaking quickly fade to a unsettling quiet as the second stage propel they out of the atmosphere . it 's surprisingly serene until ... bang ! Neil hit a button and the escape rocket and protective shield be jettisoned . blue sky appear in the window . neil ( into comm ) skirt sep , tower 's go . capcom ( comm ) Roger . we confirm . mike collin ( into comm ) they finally give we a window . the small square of blue be a relief ... but Mike 's smile fade as the blue sky rapidly turn black ... much faster than Gemini or in the X - 15 . it 's terrifying , but Neil ignore it ... neil ( into comm ) prep for tli . pyros armed ? buzz ( into comm ) 4 breaker in , switch up . buzz punch a ready button ... and get no response . he hit the button a few more time ... it finally flick on . 122 . buzz ( into comm ) ( sarcastic ) capcom ( comm ) State of the art . 11 , you be go for translunar injection . no , there 's no time for commentary . Mike eye a stopwatch ... mike collin ( into comm ) 5 , 4 , 3 , 2 , 1 ... ignition . Neil hit the throttle . a flash out the window and they be pressed back in they seat again . it 's smooth , if jarring ... capcom ( comm ) we confirm ignition , thrust be go . Neil and buzz monitor the burn , but Mike be distracted . he motion to buzz , who turn . and see SPARKS . Jesus . buzz ( into comm ) flashes out window five , could be something with the engine . the engine ? shit. Mike pale as a console light flash . buzz ( into comm ) push past earth gravity , we be 10 foot - per-second off ! the capsule shake . Neil just work a calculator , calm . Mike stare : be it that he 's not worried ? or that he do not care ? neil ( into comm ) yaw , Mike . Neil hold he calculation out to Mike . buzz ( into comm ) mike collin ( into comm ) 5 ... 5 second to nominal . ( off Neil 's number ) .-. do that ? neil ( into comm ) yes , we better do that . Mike react to the slight urgency in Neil 's voice . he quickly make the adjustment . Neil hit the stick and pop ! they be hurled against they harness into microgravity . neil ( into comm ) we have cut -off . the man catch they breath , pull off they helmet . as Neil take a read , buzz 's helmet float across the cabin . he reach for it , spot the vista in the window ... 123 . nothing but space . Earth be far behind already , they be on a dark and lonely sea . it 's awesome . and terrifying . neil ( into comm ) residual at 3.3 on the delta . buzz good burn , good focus , Neil . mike collin ( into comm ) Houston , do you copy ? no answer from Houston . Mike lean in again . mike collin Houston , you read ? do you read 11 ? still no answer . buzz and Mike trade a look , the silence chilling . Neil , unconcern , jot down residual , then -- neil let 's prep for separation . buzz we should wait until we re-establish contact . Mission rule say we wait . but Neil ignore he , start punching button . buzz , surprised , take the comm from Mike . buzz ( into comm ) Houston ? Houston , you read we ? still nothing . Neil keep prepping . neil want to help I out , Mike ? Mike be uneasy , unsure what to do . a awkward beat , then ... capcom ( comm ) 11 , Houston . do you read ? 11 ? buzz and Mike trade a look . relieved . buzz ( into comm ) Roger , Houston . we read a capcom ( comm ) ems plus 3.3 . over. Roger . it look like you be well on you way now . but buzz and Mike pause , troubled . watch Neil . there 's no escape what transpire . and there 's no turn back . capcom ( comm ) Apollo 11 , you be go for separation . 124 . Mike and buzz snap to , ready for the maneuver . neil ( into comm ) pyro B come armed . buzz ( into comm ) vehicle sep pushbutton . mike collin ( into comm ) here we go . thrust ... and sep . Neil hit the pyros . the loud crack of the pyro explosion surprise the crew and smash to -- ext . translunar space - same time from afar we see the explosion rip off four panel connect the Command service module ( csm ) to the saturn 's third stage . it 's jarring . be that plan ? we watch the panel float off as the csm and what 's leave of the saturn race on towards the moon . the quiet be eerie , unnerving , until ... neil ( comm ) okay . I see a sla panel go out . go for turn and dock . rcs jet FIRE in four direction . in a thrilling long shot , the csm slowly rotate 180 degree , nose towards what 's leave of the saturn rocket ... and the lunar module ( lm ) within . neil ( comm ) we need a 5 degree right , Mike ... it 's a stunning ballet , the csm shifting , inching forward ... neil ( comm ) capture probe , extend / release . a small probe extend from the csm 's nose , scraping the lm ... nail on a chalkboard . be something wrong ? for a beat , we wonder ... then the lm 's drogue latch on . both craft shake . mike collin ( comm ) okay , I be go for retract . neil ( comm ) dock probe , retract . the csm gently pull the lm free of the saturn , its famous orange hull shimmering in the sunlight . it 's breathtaking . neil ( comm ) beginning solar rotation . slowly , the combined craft start rotating , speed backward towards the moon . we pan around the ship ... push down the side , cutting into -- 125 . int . apollo csm , translunar space - same time Mike look to the earth , further away than he 's ever see it and swiftly receding into the distance ... the magnitude of what they be do now clear . it 's humbling . frightening . mike collin wish I have think to bring music . Neil reach into the hold , pull out a 8- track and float it to Mike . Mike surprised , grab the 8 - track , hit play as Neil grab a sextant , start check they alignment ... we hear the 2nd movement of dvorak' new world symphony . the purposeful , optimistic open give way to drum and a lonely clarinet . it swirl around the man ... ... and now buzz stop work , catch sight of the receding earth in the window . he and Mike stare , strike by how fragile the earth look , how SMALL . Mike glance at Neil , take reading , check calculation , not take even a moment to note the majesty or the grandeur . as the haunting clarinet move we through time and space , the earth get smaller in the window , Neil fail to notice . as he mechanically lift elliot 's sextant for another read -- time CUT to -- mission day three ( 00:29:36 ) . close on a small compartment door close and a hand write on it . smelly waste . reveal Mike , grimy flight suit , thick stubble , red eye . he float past wire tape with soile duct tape over to a grubby calendar scrawle on the wall . he cross off day 3 of 9 . Mike wipe he brow , already sick of the dank cabin and float over to buzz and Neil ( flight suit , stubble ) . they hover over a topographical map of the moon . deke ( comm ) .-. the landing area be beyond the maskelyne series , it should be flat . which be good cause you will not have much wiggle room . that fuel tank 's a bitch , if you be not under 100 foot at 20 second to bingo -- neil we will be . 126. he 's dismissive . buzz note it . uneasy . capcom ( comm ) hate to interrupt , but we have play back the loi 2 burn , it look good , we get a orbit at 65.4 by 53.9 . as he say it , a dark object fill three quarter of the hatch window . it 's we first close view of the moon , its barren surface stark and forboding . as the man take it in , CUT to -- ext . the capsule , lunar orbital insertion - continuous the craft float backward in orbit around the moon . buzz ( 0.c. ) man , look at it . the moon be no longer a image in the window but a full -scale planetary body . the sight of the craft orbit it be both viscerally real and unbelievably unreal . it 's startling . mike collin ( 0.c . ) Boy , look at that son of a bitch . Mike 's voice pull US back into -- int . the capsule - continuous Mike and buzz stare out at the moon , in awe ... but Neil 's already focus on what 's next . neil buzz . ( point , all business ) we just pass mount Marilyn . we be come up on maskelyne series , come into the landing area . we roll right here at this ... that crater , the big one . Duke Island . mike collin ... that 's US 1 , I guess . neil the flat area , that 's we target . buzz sure be eerie look . mike collin there must be nothing more desolate than inside some of this crater . 127 . they stare . buzz and Mike clearly both antsy . capcom ( comm ) Apollo 11 , this be Houston , do you read ? the spacecraft be look good to we on telemetry . Flight be request a burn status report . Mike and buzz move to comply , but Neil stare out the window . push in on he eye , resolve . more intense then ever . int . apollo 11 , bottom deck - day 3 ( 14:30:37 ) the cabin light be dim . Mike tape up the window to keep out the sunlight and the bright moonshine . mike collin I think today go pretty well . if tomorrow and the next day be like today , we will be safe . buzz ( 0.c. ) absolutely . the camera float down to the lower deck , buzz and Neil stretch out in float hammock . buzz be chatty , tense . buzz helluva sight out there . you know what you will say if we manage to land ? it 's a historic moment . neil we should sleep . it 's abrupt . as buzz , affronted , close he eye , we pan up to Neil and push in on he eye . wide OPEN . tire , but ticking up and down , read something . tilt up to ... a map of the lunar landing area tape to the ceiling . we hold on it for a beat ... ... then pan back down to Neil . still study the map . capcom ( comm ) Apollo 11 , Apollo 11 . good morning from the Black team . we have time CUT ... the day be upon we . Neil 's eye now sunken , but we see the adrenaline pumping . as he sit up , we CUT to -- 128 . int . apollo 11 csm ( columbia ) - day 4 ( 00:03:00 ) Mike , on edge , work a fuel cell purge , a camera set up and a auto maneuver . Neil collect he pack , prep to enter the lm . mike collin all this food and stuff up here , you go to take it with you ? chew gum , you want any of that ? Neil shake he off . Mike , sweaty , wrestle a storage bin . mike collin this be a damn three - ring circus . I get a fuel cell purge in progress , I gotta watch a auto maneuver and -- the storage bin pop open , film roll float in all direction . mike collin ( try to grab they ) Christ ! you son of a bitch , you ! neil Mike . Mike try to settle , clearly nervous about be leave alone . mike collin come back , will you ? Neil nod , grab he plss pack and float to the open hatch at the top of the csm . stay with neil as he float into -- the connecting tunnel . we look up ... from Neil 's Pov , buzz be stand upside down in the lunar module . it 's disorienting . Neil blink away the vertigo , pull himself into -- int . lunar module ( eagle ) - continuous we follow Neil in , rotating with he until what be just upside down be right side up . Neil glance at Mike , now upside down in the csm , then close the hatch . buzz ( into comm ) Columbia , Eagle . have you get the -- get to the tunnel vent step yet ? mike collin ( comm ) I be just come to that . buzz ( into comm ) well , we be wait on you . buzz , antsy , look at Neil , calmly stow he gear . 129 . buzz I hear conrad be take bet before we leave . he tell I we odd be about 10 to 1 . the guy actually have the audacity to ask I which way I want to bet . Neil do not say anything . it make buzz more fidgety . mike collin ( comm ) I be go to start to depressurize . we get just about a minute to go , you guy all set ? buzz look to Neil . Neil nod . buzz ( into comm ) maneuver we to undocking mike collin ( comm ) attitude . Roger . we hear the csm thruster reposition the combine craft ... the moon turning slowly in the window . mike collin ( comm ) maneuver on target . 15 second . Neil reach for the throttle . push in on he tired eye ... jump CUT to he watch ... second tick by ... until at last we hear the probe above they retract . mike collin ( comm ) there you go . Neil push the thruster . the lm slowly move from the csm . capcom ( comm ) Eagle , we see you on the steerable . Neil look towards the wait moon . push out into -- ext . lunar module , lunar orbit - continuous from afar we see the lm slowly breaking away from the csm ... neil ( comm ) Roger . the Eagle have wing . the gas jet rotate the lm , point the landing gear forward . capcom ( comm ) go for power descent . mike collin ( comm ) go for pdi , Eagle . 130 . buzz ( comm ) Roger . we read you . but buzz sound concerned as we push back into -- int . lunar module - same time Neil struggle with a breaker on the console . it 's come loose , Neil try to jam it back into place . neil ... cottonpicker will not stay . capcom ( comm ) Eagle , Houston . alignment be go . one minute to ignition . buzz we should report the breaker . Neil do not respond , just keep work on it . capcom ( comm ) 40 second . buzz protocol say we should -- bang ! Neil pound the breaker back in . it stay . neil let 's prep for descent . Neil get to work , like nothing happen . for a moment , buzz stand , stare ... uneasy , know he life 's in Neil 's hand . mike collin ( comm ) buzz ( into comm ) 20 second . ( focus ) altitude light on . proceed . Neil eye he stopwatch again ... the second tick by ... neil ( into comm ) 3 , 2 , 1 , 0 ... ignition . Neil ease the throttle forward and the lunar module lurch ahead ... towards the surface . buzz ( into comm ) rate of descent look good . Neil 's eye tick across the console ; we have see it before , but now he 's pushing through fatigue , run on adrenaline ... neil ( into comm ) we go by the 3 minute point early ... a little off . 131 . buzz ( into comm ) rate of descent look good , altitude rate look right down the groove . neil ( into comm ) we position check downrange show we to be a little off ... a button on the console flash on . 1202 . it beep softly . buzz Program alarm . 1202 ... neil ( into comm ) Houston , give we a read on capcom ( comm ) the 1202 program alarm . Roger . a long beat . the beep seem to grow louder . Neil 's eye tick rapidly from the alarm to he dropping altitude gauge ... capcom ( comm ) we get ... static . fuck . the alarm seem to grow louder , deafening . buzz ( into comm ) Houston , come in . Houston ... capcom ( comm ) ... we be go on that alarm . buzz , relieved , shut it off . Neil check he instrument . neil 5000 foot , attitude control 's good . another button flash on . the same beeping again ... buzz same alarm . Neil react , uncharacteristically annoyed . buzz shut it off . capcom ( comm , static ) Eagle , you be ... go , repeat , you be go for landing . buzz ( into comm ) Roger . go for landing . a third alarm beep . a new one . this time Neil ignore it . buzz ( into comm ) Program alarm , 1201 . it 's in core . but Neil keep fly . the beep pervade the tiny space . 132. buzz ( into comm ) Houston , program alarm 1201 . ( to Neil ) we should slow we descent . Neil ignore he . buzz see the moon rising up to meet they . buzz Neil , we need to slow we -- capcom ( comm ) 1201 alarm , go for landing . same type . as buzz shut off the alarm , Neil look out the window , eye ticking over the surface below ... and then narrowing . neil ( into comm ) just past maskelyne now ... pretty rocky area . neil Pov . the landing area be not flat . there 's a huge crater , a hundre yard across . surrounded by giant boulder . there 's no clear area for landing . buzz Jesus . we can not land there . Neil make a quick decision , push on the throttle . neil switch to manual control . we hear the pop and hiss of the descent propulsion system ( dps ) as the craft rush forward . buzz eye the gauge ... buzz copy . we have enough fuel ? Neil do not respond . buzz do some quick calculation . buzz not sure we have enough fuel to clear the area . Neil ? neil what 's the lpd ? buzz glance at Neil , who remain focus on the surface . buzz neil do you hear -- what 's the lpd ? buzz hesitates . then give Neil what he need . 133. buzz 47 degree , 400 foot , down to 9 . Neil ease the thruster forward . the dps hiss as they push over the rocky terrain . buzz watch the propulsion console . close on the fuel number . dropping . 12 , 11 , 10 ... capcom ( comm , static ) we see you have ... manual ... give a update , Eagle ? Neil do not say a thing . he remain focus , intent . buzz 300 down , 47 forward ... mike collin ( comm ) what 's go on there ? you keep a eye on you fuel ? Neil grip the throttle , eye ticking furiously from the window to the altitude gauge . as the dps hiss ... rack focus to buzz , unsettled , stare at the propulsion console . close on the fuel number . 8 , 7 , 6 ... buzz fuel be get low . Neil ignore he . buzz clock Neil 's intensity ... and at that moment he know . Neil 's landing this ship one way or another . unnerved , nothing to do but help , buzz continue the call . buzz 250 , down at 2 , 19 forward . buzz see the fuel number have dropped below 5 . buzz 160 foot , 6 down , 9 forward . mike collin ( comm ) you fuel 's below low level ! Neil keep go , even as the fuel quantity light flash on . buzz 120 foot , 3 down , 9 forward , neil fuel be at five perc -- i_understand . there 's FIRE in Neil 's eye , determination , a abject refusal to abort . Jesus . buzz tense . capcom ( comm , static ) --- 45 second to bingo . mike collin ( comm , static ) you need to consider abort -- 134 . Neil ignore he , ease the throttle forward . capcom ( comm , static ) 30 second to bingo . Neil ? Neil eye tick from the gauge to the window in front of he ... it 's unclear whether he 's even listening anymore . buzz Neil ... mike collin ( comm , static ) ... you be almost out of fuel . Neil remain unresponsive . the hiss be deafening . buzz look from Neil to the fuel gauge , eye fill with anxiety . neil position . buzz , disconcert , just stare at the flashing fuel gauge . capcom ( comm , static ) 20 second to bingo . neil position . buzz ! buzz blink , refocus . he check they position . buzz 90 foot , down a half . dust swirl up from the lunar surface . buzz glance at the fuel . close on the number . 3 , 2 ... fuck . buzz 's eye widen . buzz 50 foot down ... pick up mike collin ( comm ) dust , drift right ... 10 second , Neil ! buzz 20 foot , down a half , drift forward just a little bit ... and then , before they realize what 's happen , a GREEN light flash on the console . buzz blink in disbelief . buzz contact light . neil shutdown . Neil , spent , let the throttle slip from he hand . he flip the switch . the dust start to settle and we see ... ... the lunar surface stretch out in front of they . Neil stare , blank . buzz be completely stunned . a beat , then buzz recover , start power down the lm. 135 . buzz engine stop ; aca out of capcom ( comm ) detent . ... copy you down , Eagle . neil ( into comm ) Houston , tranquility base here . the Eagle have land . a enormous cheer go up in Mission Control . Neil flinch . it 's visceral ; something about it hit he right in the gut . capcom ( comm ) Roger , tranquility .... copy ... you get a lotta guy about to turn blue . we be breathe again , thanks a lot . Neil sit , struggle to process . buzz extend a shaky hand . buzz very smooth touchdown . Neil , awkward , nod . push in on he eye , deep pain and joy battle within and we hear a familiar hiss ... match CUT to -- int . lunar module - later close on Neil 's eye . stare ahead as he put he helmet on . he snap the helmet into place then reach for a glove . and snap it on . meticulous , careful ... cognizant of the dangers of the lunar surface and the enormity of the moment . Neil reach for a second glove when buzz , struggle with he plss in the small cabin , jostle he . the force push Neil towards the thin wall of the lm ... ..- we hear a small SNAP ... and just as it seem Neil might go through the wall he grab the ceiling and stop himself . buzz sorry ... Neil look to see what snap ... can not find anything . not entirely satisfied , he nonetheless return to the task at hand , put on he on plss and connect the oxygen tube . we hear a familiar hiss as Neil take a beat , eyeing a pad clipped to the wall , a scribbled sentence . one small step ... we can not make out all the word , but we know what it say . 136 . buzz ( comm ) ready ? buzz be fully suite up . Neil nod and buzz open a valve . through the window , we see the AIR in the lm venting out . it 's nerve-wrack , all that air disappear into space . a long beat ... then it stop . buzz ( comm ) lunar module depressurize . buzz reach for the hatch ... but it will not budge . buzz ( comm ) damn thing . neil ( into comm ) too much pressure in here . buzz pull again , harder . buzz ( comm ) shit. neil ( into comm ) do not rupture it . buzz stop . frustrate . then something occur to he ... he reach up and peel back a small part of the flimsy door . we hear a slight hiss . then the door easily pull OPEN ... ..- revealing the gray , barren surface below . Neil and buzz stare , take in the world outside the door . in this moment , we understand how odd , how undeniably strange it be to be park on the surface of another heavenly body . Neil lumber forward , towards the hatch . push in on he , a bevy of emotion flicker across he face ... ... a face we hold on as he lower he foot through the hatch , climb down the ladder to ... ext . lunar surface - 04 13 43 00 tight on Neil , sweat on he brow as he shimmy down the ladder , down towards the new world . he remain focus , eye on the ladder , hand , feet , until he reach the final rung . he stare out , a million thing go through he mind ... the oddness of it all ... the desolate beauty ... the year of work and sacrifice ... and elliot ... and Ed ... ... and now he catch a glimpse of the earth off on the horizon ... hover there ... and the majesty of it ... the glory of what he 's do ... it almost overwhelm he . 137 . capcom ( comm ) okay , Neil , we can see you come down the ladder now . Neil try to keep it together , struggling through ... neil ( into comm ) I be , uh , at the foot of the ladder , the lem footbed be only uh ... depressed in the surface about ... uh , one or two inch . I be gonna step off the lem now . and now he take that little hop down onto the moon ... oddly disconnected from the moment , the rote line he 's memorize ... neil ( into comm ) that 's one small step for man , one giant leap for mankind ... push in on Neil , still struggling . the comm fade and he hop forward ... turn from the golden , glimmer lunar module ... ...to the beautiful blue planet hover just above the horizon . and now he find he 's unable to control himself ... a tear fall . a bevy of emotion rise to the surface ... pain . joy. loss. triumph . all swirl round until the tear come freely , raining down with all the pent up feeling . it 's the first and last such outburst we will ever see . buzz ( prelap , comm ) beautiful view . match CUT to -- ext . lunar surface - moment later buzz lumber across the lunar surface to Neil , who 's still stare out at the earth . the lm shimmer in the background . neil ( into comm ) be not that something . magnificent . buzz ( comm ) magnificent desolation . the word resonate . as Neil take it all in , we , like Neil , be humble before the majesty of space . the last ten year flicker before we , not in flashback , but in the depth of Neil 's eye . and for a moment , the wonder there make we feel like maybe , just maybe , it be all worth it . 138 . off the view from the mountaintop , the look in Neil 's eye ... match CUT to -- ext . lunar surface - later Neil 's eye be focused , he face sweat . buzz ( comm ) Neil ? pull back to find Neil walk , or rather loping , away from the Eagle . buzz , stand by the american flag in the far b/g , watch ... confused . Neil keep move ... until he come to the edge of a crater . he survey it . deep and vast , it 's like nothing we have see . buzz ( comm ) Neil , we need to get back . a beat . then Neil unzip a pocket in the front of he suit . he reach in , pull out a few item and look down at they . a apollo 1 patch - grissom white chaffee . elliot 's sextant . and finally a SMALL bracelet . that of a little girl . push in on Neil 's eye , on the pain . a beat , then Neil throws the three token far as he can ... off Neil , watch they soar on and on and on ... int . lunar module - later Neil and buzz stand in the lm , the hatch close , brush each other off . Moon dust swirl , slowly fall to the floor . at last , they take off they helmet ... and start coughing . the coughing take we to ... int . lunar module - later Neil prep for liftoff in he flight suit , still coughing . buzz ( into comm ) att Control , 2 minute to ... for the guidance steering in the ags . neil ( into comm ) on. right ? buzz ( into comm ) right . master arm , engine arm on ? 139 . Neil pause . buzz see Neil examine the engine arm switch . it 's broken . just a small stub . shit. neil must have hit it when I get mike collin ( comm ) out . one minute to launch . if they can not fix it , they can not get off the moon . buzz stare . shit shit shit . Neil bend down , examine the stub . buzz eye the clock . 50 second ... 45 second ... neil you get a pen ? take buzz a moment , then he float a pen over to Neil . Neil grab it , jam it beside the stub . and pull ... nothing . neil mike collin ( comm ) dammit . 30 second . a tense beat . Neil try again . and again ... mike collin 20 second . fuck . Neil shove the pen in deeper ... and pull ... +.- until at last we hear a click . the light flash . engine armed . buzz take a breath , he face flooding with relief . neil get you ascent card ? recovering , buzz prep for launch . Neil do too , but he focus be faraway , eye lingering on the lunar horizon ... buzz ( into comm ) 15 ... 10 , 9 , 8 , 7 , 6 , 5 , abort stage - engine arm , ascent , proceed ... Neil hit the thruster . dust kick up as the ship rock back and forth , lift off the surface ... casting a long shadow as it slowly rise above the moon ... buzz look at that shadow . beautiful ! hold on Neil 's eye , watch the moon fall away . as we do , we hear familiar voice from a television broadcast ... walter cronkite ( 0.c . ) it may not be a beauty one can pass on to future beholder . ( more ) 140 . walter cronkite ( 0.c . ) this first man on the moon can see something that man who follow will miss ... push in on Neil . stare out at the moon . eric sevareid ( 0.c . ) yes , we be always go to feel , somehow , stranger to this man . off Neil , we CUT to -- ext . USS hornet , NORTH pacific ocean - JULY 24 , 1969 a ship of man , watch , excited , as the Apollo capsule parachute down from the sky ... eric sevareid ( 0.c . ) they will , in effect be a bit stranger ... even to they own wife and child ... ext . apollo 11 capsule , NORTH pacific ocean - later Neil , buzz and Mike , cover in full body contamination suit , be help out of the float capsule and onto a small skiff . eric sevareid ( 0.c. ) .-- disappear into another life that we can not follow . int . USS hornet , NORTH pacific ocean - later that week the man , in contamination suit , be walk across a lower deck to the quarantine airstream that await . the enter it . eric sevareid ( 0.c . ) I wonder what they life will be like , now . apollo 11 quarantine airstream montage the quarantine airstream be move onto a army truck ... eric sevareid ( 0.c . ) the moon treat they well ... from army truck to AIR force plane ... eric sevareid ( 0.c. ) how people on earth will treat this man , the rest of they life ... from AIR force plane to another AIR force truck ... 141. eric sevareid ( 0.c . ) that give I more forebode , I think , than anything else ... ... and at last to the msc quarantine facility . int . town car ( moving ) - houston , TX - day on janet . in back , stare out the window . as the car pull ahead , we hear a dull roar . Janet 's eye widen . reverse to -- the msc entrance . a throng of people around a huge display of flowers and sign , the pride palpable . Janet tear up . flight surgeon ( prelap ) we will keep they in quarantine for the full three week -- int . hallway , quarantine facility , msc - JULY 28 , 1969 - day a flight surgeon lead Janet down a lackluster hall . flight surgeon ( 0.c . ) ...- but none of the test have show any sign of infection or disease . they reach a door , a army guard . Janet 's escort hand he papers and the guard open the door . they walk into -- int . quarantine PRESS room , mcc - continuous the NASA logo . and a glass wall . on the other side of it , in a large room , Neil stand in a flight suit . alone . Janet , relieved , walk to the glass . Neil look at she , but he eye be faraway . impossibly distant . Janet tightens . hold on the two of they , as far apart as they have ever be . int . astronaut lounge , quarantine facility , msc - later close on a sea of magazine and newspaper : time , life , the new york time ... all with front page coverage of Apollo 11 . find buzz hover over it all , stare at a tv . mesmerize . Neil walk in . glance at the tv , reporter ask people where they be when Apollo 11 land on the moon . buzz have you see this ? can you believe it ? the entire world be watch . we miss the whole damn thing . buzz shake he head . he look lost . off Neil , processing ... 142 . ext . quarantine facility , msc - august 10 , 1969 , night ( 9 pm ) Three black car park in front of the building . Doors open and Mike , buzz and Neil exit with duffel , military escort . the man breathe in the fresh air ... then walk to the car . int . town car ( moving ) , msc gate - night Neil sit in back , quiet , as the car pull up to the msc gate . the escort beside he roll down the window , hand papers to a guard . he start to wave they through ... but can not resist . guard Mr. armstrong , you make we proud . Neil nod , awkward . the escort roll up the window and the driver pull forward . a beat , then ... escort he 's right , you be a real hero . I bet you be the most famous man in the world . Neil give the escort a tight smile , he eye ticking to a news van that start to tail they . off Neil , tense , CUT to -- ext . / int . town car ( moving ) - night the town car turn off the main road into a suburban development . three news van now follow behind . inside the car Neil 's antsy . the car turn a corner and we see ... a huge media circus . tv truck , reporter , fan campe out at Neil 's house . Neil 's jaw go tight as the car stop . escort I ’1ll clear a path . the escort open the door . Neil step out and be swarmed ... inundated with question , blind by a arsenal of cameras . push in on Neil as he press through it , eye down ... until a little girl step forward . with a model rocket . Neil pause . father would you mind signing it for she ? Neil 's eye tick from the girl to she father . a beat , then he take the model . the reporter quiet . one hand he a pen . neil uh , what 's you name ? 143 . girl ... it 's Katherine . Neil blink at she . the wonder in she eye be oddly daunting . awkward , he sign the rocket . but when he hand it back ... multiple fan ( call out ) can I get a autograph , Neil ? / can I get a picture , Mr. armstrong ? Neil blanch . the call grow into a roar , taking US to -- int . / ext . convertible , new york CITY - august 13 , 1969 , 10 am a river of humanity . a huge crowd gather for the large ticker tape parade we have ever see . the din be deafening New York City - August 13 , 1969 find Neil in a OPEN -top convertible with buzz and Mike . Neil 's eye have dark circle underneath ; they dart from the crowd on the street , to the man and woman hang out of building window , toss down stack of IBM punch card ... buzz and Mike enjoy it more than Neil , but even they seem overwhelmed . off Neil , smile plaster to he face , CUT to -- int . century plaza HOTEL , ballroom - LA - august 13 , 1969 a pack ballroom . Black tie . President Nixon , forty odd governor , Hollywood star and dozen of other dignitary . a gala to end all gala . everyone giddy in anticipation . from behind the empty head table , we see governor ronald reagan clink he glass into the mic at the rostrum . governor reagan ( 0.c. ) lady , gentlemen , I understand we guest of honor have just arrive . if you will take you seat ... as the crowd sit , we push into -- int . GREEN room , century plaza HOTEL - same time Neil , buzz , Mike and they wife stand , wait to be introduce . Neil be at the back , sweat now . deke who want a beer ? deke walk in with beer for the man . 144 , governor reagan ( 0.c. ) how about a California welcome for Command module Pilot Mike Collins ! mike collin put mine on ice , will ya ? as Mike head off , deke pull Neil off to one side . Neil stare . deke everything okay ? neil I get the itinerary . 25 country ? deke the whole damn world want to give you guy a hug . neil when can we get back to work ? deke this be work . neil deke . when be we go back up again ? deke Neil ... you be a symbol now . we can not risk lose you up there . realizing that he 's permanently ground . governor reagan ( 0.c . ) and now , the man you have be wait for , the first man to walk on the moon , Neil armstrong ! as the crowd break out in applause and cheer , Neil , devastate , walk into -- int . century plaza HOTEL , ballroom , LA - continuous as the cheer swell , push in on Neil , in front of the crowd , only now realize he 's make the great sacrifice of all . as he nod to the crowd , numb , the isolation now complete ... fade out .