fikmf written by loung ung and angelina jolie base on the book : " first they kill my Father : a daughter of Cambodia remember " by loung ung ext . phnom penh apartment balcony - day April 1975 we be inside a Pov . walk towards a balcony . we pass a tv where news about the Vietnam war come to a end be play . we see a reflection in the television . we see we reflection . a little girl . loung . the news then show the evacuation of the american embassy in phnom penh Cambodia . a helicopter take off from the embassy . the little girl turn and walk toward a view not dissimilar to the one near the american embassy on the news . Little caramel color leg and foot on a balcony . the edge of a skirt in the wind identify the child as a little girl . she begin to climb to the top of the railing . her little hand and foot . the sound of a helicopter come towards she . finally she reach the top . she watch as a helicopter almost identical to the one on the television fly low over she head . this brave free spirite little girl be loung . at five she stand look out over city from the third floor . her Pov of she foot . toe wiggling . the city below . the street be mostly empty except for a few street vendor . some shop be close , some shop be open , there be sand bag in front of some house . a few people ride in cyclos . a few on motorcycle . not much movement . loung watch the people . ( they clothing and style help we to know it 's 1975 . ) ext . phnom phen street loung continue to watch . military police officer walk the street . the front of some shop sandbag cover the glass entrance make they less than welcoming . loung notice four young men ( peasant revolutionary ) sit along a wall stare angrily at well to do couple shopping in the market . loung do not understand the look on they face but it make she uncomfortable . omitted a billboard for a movie poster across the street catch she eye . ma ( 0.s. ) loung . come down . loung look to she mother . ma be admire in Cambodia for she height , slender build and light skin . she be a very beautiful , very elegant woman of chinese decent . ma have geak , loung 's three year old sister , in she arm . luong jump down and go to she . cambodian News year have just past . Red decoration still on the wall . happy New year ( in french ) hang on the wall . ma put geak down and the girl play or share a fruit plate ma have put out . loung watch as geak 's fruit drip all over she dress . ( this can be anything from toy to fruit . the point be for the child to notice sweet thing before the war and for the audience to get use to a child 's view of the world ) omitted int . phnom penh apartment - late day PA and a colleague of he enter the room . loung jump into he arm . pa be love for he generous heart . he remind loung of a teddy bear . his eye be warm and brown and shape like the moon . loung play with the four stripe on he uniform . pa greet she and ask about she day . pa 's colleague seem concerned but remain professional . they speak in french ( no translation as loung can not understand as he intend ) . colleague colleague Les américain nous the Americans have abandon abandonnent . we . they have all already il sont déja tous partis , ambassadeur , attaché militaire ... PA c'est 14a notre grande erreur d'avoir cru en eux . leave , the ambassador and the military attache ... PA . it be a huge error to believe in they . colleague qui aurait cru qu'il abandonnent un peuple qui se bat pour sa liberté ? Les khmer rouge sont déja a takmao et 4 l'ouest il sont en passe de contréler l'aéroport de pochentong . nos force not tiendront pas 48 heure de plus , il faudrait négocier maintenant . PA Il not faut pas trop s'inquiéter . hou youn , hou nim , khieu samphan sont des nationalist . on bien une solution cambodgien . trouvera entre because she can not crawl out of he understand , arm . colleague . who would of guess they would have abandon the people fight for freedom . the khmer rouge be already at takmao and they have pass the west , control pochentong airport . we force cannot hold for more than 48 hour , we have to negotiate now . PA . do not worry to much . hou youn , hou nim , khieu samphan be nationalist . we will find a good solution between we as cambodian . loung loose interest and ( they could turn on the radio at one point and it could add to the information about situation . ) int . phnom penh apartment live room - late day loung walk into the live room where she brother kim , ten , listen to music on a record player . his record and comic be spread out all over the floor . like all older brother he like to give he little sister trouble . loung reach for the cricket ( or colorful fruit ) he be eat . he chop at she arm kung fu style . he do a huanaman ( monkey king ) kick . ( possibly in pa 's helmet ) chou help with geak . loung look up at khouy and meng she eldest brother who have just walk in the door . meng greet she with a smile and muss she hair . he be gentle and soft speak like pa. khouy be cool with he sunglass and long hair . ( maybe he bring something to Kim or try out a new record . ) int . phnom penh apartment - evening everyone sit at the table . set with elegance . ma and keav loung 's beautiful older sister , help serve the food . loung watch they hand . so delicate . they grace and poise be a mystery to she . close up - loung 's Pov of food . loung drop two whole pepper in she soup and pa look on approvingly . she crush the pepper against the side of she bowl with a spoon . loung like the smile he give she ; so she again reach she chopstick toward the pepper dish , knock over the salt shaker , which roll like a fall log onto the floor . ma seem upset but pa smile forgivingly . what loung love most about pa be the way he smile not only with he mouth but also with he eye . loung always restless , kick she foot under the table . int . phnom phen apartment - night keav help to get loung , chou and geak ready for bed . loung in she pyjamas be tell to stop jump on the bed . ( detail - again important to feel she life before war ) ext . phnom penh apartment - day { note : this sequence will begin with the arrival of lon nol ( government ) troops enter the city believe that a truce have be agree . } at the beginning , the first to enter the city be the lon nol soldier , they put the gun down and they raise white flag and people applaud because it be for they the end of the war and the end of bloody fight in the city . later , the khmer rouge soldier enter with close expression on they face . they do not talk to anyone . most of the khmer rouge enter the city by walk , to secure the street . they chief be riding in jeep but very few . some be drive motorbike . it be the high heat of the afternoon . loung play hopscotch with chou and they friend on the street in front of they flat . sound of giggle be take over by the thunder of engine in the distance . everyone stop what they be do and watch the tank roar into the city . the lon nol soldier wave white flag . smiling . people cheer . then loung see something else come . truck . Minutes later , the mud-cover old truck heave and bounce as they pass slowly in front of loung . Green , gray and black , this cargo truck sway back and forth on bald tire , spitting out dirt and engine smoke as they roll on . in the back of the truck , man wear fade black long pants and long - sleeve black shirt , many with tire shoe and with red sashes cinched tightly around they waist and red scarve tie around they forehead , stand body to body . most look young and all be dark -skin , like the peasant worker . with long rifle in they arm or strapped across they back , they look over the crowd the way the king do when he pass by . there be no cheer for they . loung wave at the soldier even though she do not know exactly why . she see more truck come . int . phnom penh apartment - day loung run up to the apartment stair . her little leg run as fast as they can but the stair feel like they go on forever . int . phnom penh apartment - day loung find pa on the balcony with meng and Kim . they seem tense . she watch they . ext . phnom phen apartment - day lon nol military commander my brother , we must avoid any effusion of blood . put you gun down . we will negotiate with we brother from the other side . we be all khmer . we all love we country , we nation . we will ... a kr take the megaphone brutally . khmer rouge with megaphone angkar have win throughout the country over the khmer Republic . lon nol be traitor . angkar need not negotiate with anyone or any group . the traitor must accept defeat . give up you gun . there will be no negotiation the clique of lon nol soldier form a group . khmer rouge with megaphone ( cont ’d ) America will bomb the city . you must leave now ! take as little as you can . no one can stay here . ( more ) 6 . khmer rouge with megaphone ( cont ’d ) the United States will bomb the city ! leave and stay in the countryside for three day ! loung do not understand . loung stare at a man hold a megaphone stand on a jeep . a kr soldier fire shot to open a door and clear out a building . loung clap she hand over she ear and hide she face against keav 's chest . people push and shove one another in a frenzy . ma now stand behind loung have hear . ma loung quickly , go eat you lunch . omitted int . phnom penh kitchen - day loung go into the kitchen . her lunch be wait for she . everyone else have already eat . she sit and eat . after a few minute , ma rush into the kitchen with keav and begin to toss aluminum bowl , plate , spoon , fork , and knife into a big pot . the silverware clang noisily , make loung jittery . then pick up a cloth bag , she throw bag of sugar , salt , dry fish , uncook rice , and can food into it . ma we will be leave for a few day . Gather you thing . loung but ma ? ma Gather you thing . loung shovel down a few more bite and get up . int . phnom phen apartment - day loung follow ma into the bedroom where she see she and keav sewing jewelry into a jacket lining . she then move from the bedroom to the live room , take picture of she family and the buddha off the wall and pile they into she arm . in the bathroom , Kim throw soap , shampoo , towel , and other assort item into a pillowcase . ma ( to loung ) be you finish yet ? loung nod '' no '' . ma ( cont 'd ) hurry and change you shirt . the one you be wear be dirty . int . phnom penh apartment loung 's room - day loung poke she head into she bedroom and spy chou shove clothes into a bag . on the bed , geak sit quietly play with a handheld mirror while chou throw we brushes , comb , and hairpin into she school bag . loung go through she clothes and pick a yellow shirt . chou be pack she red dress . loung remember to pack she match one . omitted ext . phnom penh street - day the family head out of the apartment . the chaos of the city . people push and shove one another to evacuate the city . everywhere , people be on the move . Little child cry . woman and man carry they belonging in cloth bag on they back and they head . they walk with short , brisk step , demand they child stay together , to hold each other 's hand , to not get leave behind . a lone radio have be abandon in the chaos . loung listen to the song as she pass . loung move to the Mazda park outside but she be pull away from it and towards the old family truck in the back . the family pile into the truck . the old pickup truck creak and squeak as khouy throw a cloth bag and water can onto its floor . in front , pa tie a large white cloth to the antenna while meng tie another piece to the side mirror . i/ E. truck - day the traffic be move very slowly . loung look out . they truck inch on in the street , allow they a safe view of the scene . ext . phnom penh street - day families on the move . Chaos . the kr soldier be everywhere . there be so many of they around , give order into they bullhorn cradling rifle in they arm . loung notice the other child . the fear on they face . small mountain of gun fill the sidewalk as government soldier turn over they weapon to the man in black . the soldier be then put into a truck and drive off . loung bury she face into keav 's chest , she arm tight around she waist . chou sit silently on the other side of keav , she eye shut . beside they , khouy and meng sit stone - face , watch the exodus . ( fact — two million people evacuated the CITY within 72 hour ) i/e. truck - day later - loung burrow under she scarf to hide from the sun . her eye lid struggle to stay open . her Pov of she hair whiping about she face . the sun shine on it . keav wrap the end of loung scarf over she mouth a nostril to keep the dust out . keav do not look over the truck . keep you head down . loung pretend to follow she sister order but peek over the edge . loung see a doctor assist a pregnant woman out of the hospital . a kr soldier tell the doctor to evacuate people more quickly . the doctor beg he . he move he aside and guide staff and patient out with he rifle . she see a hospital evacuate . some people be push in cart or hospital bed by they relative . Soldiers in black knock on door with they gun but and evacuate people from they home . omitted ext . phnom penh - day High wide shot of the chaos of the city . the truck slowly make it 's way through the crowded street . i/e. truck - day as they move further from the city , the high rise apartment disappear and thatched - roofed hut take they place . the paved boulevard give way to dusty road . tall elephant grass and prickly brown bush have replace the tall tree . as far as loung can see , there be people march in the road while hut stand empty and rice field be leave unattend . ( see some area affect by bombing - possibly one or two plate shot ) ext . roadside - magic hour the sun be set . the mass silhouett as they continue along the road . ext . roadside - night hour later - the truck pull over . the field be light up with small fire illuminate the face of the woman squatting near they , prepare meal . loung look around . in the darkness she can still make out thousand of people milling around , or walk to unknown destination . other , like they have stop to rest for the night along the roadside . later — ma and keav prepare the meal from the food ma have pack . chou be brush geak 's hair , be careful not to pull it . they squat in the darkness eat they food . ( discuss ma trading jewel for item or food ) omitted 10 . ext . roadside - night loung be tuck in by ma in the back of the truck . while ma loung , chou and geak sleep in the bed of the truck , the older kid sleep on the ground with pa . it 's a warm breezy night , the kind that require no blanket . loung can not sleep . she look up at the vastness of the sky . the dark sky be full of shine bright star . some blink at she . she wink back and close she eye . ext . roadside - morning loung open she eye to find she family be already pack up . they look tired with they hair stick out in all direction . someone be yell . loung look around . a group of khmer rouge soldier be yell at everyone to keep move . loung stare at they gun . meng help she up and give she comfort . the kr soldier signal for pa to move away from the truck . pa step out . road block kr you comrade ! the angkar need you truck . you no longer will need it . loung look to pa for he response . he simply lower he eye and nod . PA ( softly to he family ) everyone grab what you can carry . loung watch as she sibling begin to pack . khmer rouge soldier roadside comrade ! angkar need you watch ! PA certainly . loung watch as pa 's shoulder bend forward in submission . he take the watch off he wrist . pa do not look the soldier in the eye as he hand over the watch . loung watch as a young kr walk up to meng and khouy . he smile at they . a strange smile as he take they watch . he give keav a look . 10a . the soldier look at pa 's watch with suspicion . khmer rouge soldier roadside this be very nice . who be you to have such a nice watch ? PA it be a gift from my boss . khmer rouge soldier roadside khmer rouge soldier roadside . tu travaille pour le you work for the government ? gouvernment ? he walk towards pa with the barrel of the gun point at he mid section . loung stare at the gun . it be right at she eye level . she can hardly breathe . he speak the phrase again and watch pa 's reaction . after a very tense moment , pa seem to pass the test and the family be suddenly move on . as they walk on loung notice some man with long hair who seem to have be select and be be hold . ma also notice . omitted content from scene 42 and 43 merge into scene 45 . content from scene 44 merge into scene 41 . 11 . ext . road - day the sun be hot on loung 's back . it burn through she black hair . she look at chou and see bead of sweat collect along she hair line and upper lip . everywhere they go people be walk in all direction carry they belonging . Soldiers with gun move they along . they walk from the break of day until the dark of the evening . loung look at she finger and hold up one finger then two . ext . roadside - evening ma and pa guide the child to a area roadside where they sit in silence and eat the dry fish they have pack . ma have a small pot of sugar ( or buy it from a family ) they all have a taste of it . loung roll it in she finger and lick every last bit . later - ma be cut off khouy 's long hair . 12 . loung see she father walk off on he own . she follow he with she eye . he find a secret place in the shade , behind a tree , and go to he knee . loung move closer . she see he be digging a hole . a moment later he pull he id card and he work tie and bury they . she do not understand and move quickly back so he do not see she . go be the air of mystery and excitement ; now luong be simply afraid . omitted ext . road - morning along the road , the bomb building , the scar of war . it 's the third day on the road . loung walk with a little more bounce in she step . she look at she finger and hold up two then three . she make she way up to pa . loung pa , the soldier say we can return home after three day . loung tug at pa 's trousers . PA no , loung . loung but it 's the third day . PA ( sadly ) we have to keep walk . loung pa , I be hungry and my foot hurt . loung stop walk . she stand still on the road and let go of the rice pot to wipe the dirt and tear from she cheek . loung ( cont 'd ) let 's go home . I just want to go home . 13 . the red dust from the road and the sweat on she little body have mix to create a layer of mud on she skin , make it dry and itchy . pa walk over to keav and take a ball of sticky rice out of the pot she be carry . he walk back to loung and hand she the food . her eye look down at the ground in shame but she take the food anyway . silently , he stroke she hair while she eat the rice between the chock sob . pa bend down and look loung in the eye . PA we can not go home tonight . loung but they say three day . PA we have to keep walk . reluctantly , loung do what pa tell she . everybody have to carry something , so she pick the smallest item in the pile , the rice pot . as she walk , the pot become heavier and heavier in she hand as the sun climb higher and higher in the sky . the metal handle dig and burn the palm of she hand . sometimes she carry it with two hand in front of she , other time she switch the pot from she right to she leave arm , but it seem no matter how she carry it the pot painfully bang into some part of she leg . later - loung be lose hope that they can go home tonight . tire and hungry , she drag she foot , take smaller and smaller step until she be far behind everyone else . pa gently walk over and clean she face with he hand . he then take the rice pot and carry it for she . with geak on she hip , ma walk over to loung and wrap a scarf around she head to protect she from the sun . as she walk on loung watch geak in she arm . he foot dangle off ma 's hip . loung wish she be a baby and could be carry . she see many people around she that be worse off than herself . hour later - as the hot sun beat down on they , the family continue to walk . - for the landscape : on the road from phnom penh to kam baul , there be very little forest . 14 . - kr soldier do not have they arm across they back . they have ak47 that they carry on the side or in front of they . ( see photo archive ) . - most of the time , the kr cadre , the kamapibal , who manage evacuation , have no arm . or maybe just a handgun . - along the road of evacuation , there be kr patrol loung watch as a woman breast feed she baby wrap to she chest as she walk . loung see a kr soldier . she quickly turn she face away and walk to catch up with pa . loung study the face of the father then quickly turn she face away and walk to catch up with pa . ext . checkpoint - day by noontime they have reach the khmer rouge 's military check -point . the checkpoint consist of no more than a few small makeshift tent with truck park beside they . there be many soldier at this base , and it be easy to recognize they because they wear identical loose - fitting black pajama pants and shirt . even the female kr have very distinct hair cut . all carry identical gun sling across they back . they move quickly from place to place with finger on the triggers of they weapon , pace back and forth in front of the crowd , give instruction into a bullhorn . kamapibal you be not allow to pass until we have clear you . stand with you family in a line . the Commander continue . kamapibal ( cont 'd ) anyone who have work as a public servant , official , police , or military , step up to the right table to register for work . loung glance at pa then look quickly away . she feel sick . pa gather they family and stand they in a line with the other peasant farmer . PA ( whisper ) remember , we be worker . give this man whatever they want and do not argue . 15 . in front of they , the line split in two as a large group of ex-soldier , government worker , and former politician walk over to the table to register for work . loung 's heart pound quickly against she chest , but she say nothing and lean against pa 's leg . he reach down and put he hand on top of she head . it stay there as if protect she from the sun and the soldier . after a few minute , she head feel cooler and she heartbeat slow . ( artist with long hair and possibly a guitar be take away ) a kr soldier open a bag of another family discover a bundle of money . kr checkpoint soldier you do not need this . ( holding the money ) there be no longer any rich , there be no longer any poor . let we all live in equality ! ahead of they in the line , khmer rouge soldier tell something to the crowd , but loung can not understand all of what they say . kr checkpoint soldier ( cont ’d ) when the angkar question you , answer loyally . then one khmer rouge soldier roughly jerk a bag off of one man 's shoulder and dump its content on the ground . from this pile , a khmer rouge soldier pick up a old lon nol army uniform . the khmer rouge soldier sneer at the man and push he to another khmer rouge soldier stand beside he . the soldier then move on to the next family . eye downcast , shoulder slump , arm hang loosely on both side of he , the man with the lon nol uniform in he bag do not fight as another khmer rouge soldier point and push he away with the butt of he rifle . loung feel the heat of the sun move down she back . we notice the shadow move . hour have go by . a khmer rouge soldier approach they , loung lean closer to pa and reach up for he hand . pa 's hand be much too big for hers , so she be only able to wrap she finger around he index finger . kom baul soldier what do you do ? PA I work as a packer in the shipping port . 16 . kom baul soldier ( to ma ) and you , what do you do ? loung notice ma 's eye focus on the ground and she shift , geak 's weight on she hip . ma I sell old clothes in the market . the soldier rummages through all they bag one by one . he take money and Kim 's comic book . ( discuss what else would be take ) he take the red dress loung and chou have pack . loung follow the dress with she eye , focus all she energy on it , want desperately to rescue it . her first red dress , the one ma make for she for the New Year 's celebration . memory -— int . phnom penh apartment flashes of color - loung remember ma take she measurement , hold the soft chiffon cloth against she body , and ask she if she like it . ma smile at loung pleased with how pretty the color look on she . loung see herself in the mirror . memory end then he bend down and lift the lid of the rice pot next to pa 's foot . gripping pa 's finger even tighter , loung 's heart race as the soldier check the pot . his face be close to hers ; she concentrate on she dirty toe . she dare not look into he eye . she peak . she look right at he . kom baul soldier all right , you be clear . you may go . PA ( meekly ) thank you comrade . the soldier be already look past pa and merely wave he hand for they to hurry on . 17 . ext . road - day pass the checkpoint safely , they walk on . a few mile down the road the sound of gunshot ring out in the distance behind loung . she watch as a flock of black bird explode into the sky . ext . road - late day later - as she walk , loung watch as the sun go to sleep behind the mountain and the world become a place of shadow and shape once again . see a body in the field . he wear a uniform like pa 's . ext . roadside - dusk ( adjust depending lotus flowers ) in the mass of people , pa find they a spot of unoccupy grass near the side of the road . loung and chou walk around and find a pond full of lotus flower . Kim find a small area full of fish . the child , as child do , explore the area . later - ma put geak down next to loung and tell she to keep a eye on she . sitting next to she , loung be strike by how geak look . breathe quietly , she fight to keep she eyelid open , but in the end she lose and fall to sleep . loung put she arm around she sister in a protective way . she lie down on a small bundle of clothes . quickly , loung also fall asleep . loung dream ext . STREET in she dream , firework crackle and boom noisily , she rejoice in the New Year celebration . everything be red . chinese firecracker explode . smoke rise . confetti paper fall onto loung 's face as she run through the bit of paper and white smoke . loung 's dream end ext . roadside - morning firework from the dream turn into gunshot in the distance . loung wake up the next morning to the voice of she brother and father whisper to each other about what go on in the night . she can not hear but they look concerned . 18 . keav take she hand , grab she thing and lead she on . ext . road - morning loung 's Pov - pa carry geak and reassure Kim . people see along the road the scar of war . loung feel keav 's hand pull at she , and she foot automatically move in she sister direction . with loung 's hand in hers , they catch up with the rest of the family and continue they fourth day of march . ext . road - day on they walk , the soldier be everywhere , prodding they along . they point and give direction with they gun . in the scorching April heat , loung watch as many older people become ill from heatstroke and dehydration , although they dare not rest . when someone fall ill , the family throw out he belonging , put the sick person on someone 's back and march on . loung notice a few lifeless body laid in a row on the side of the road . she focus on they foot . the road ahead of they shimmer in the heat , and the dust swell be everywhere , burn loung 's eye . in the distance , she eye focus on a lone man with a wagon pull by two yellow skinny cow . it be strange that he be travel against the flow of traffic . all of a sudden , she be startle by ma 's scream . between loud , halting sob ma manage to say - ma it 's you uncle leang ! with they hand in the air and body jump up and down , they wave excitedly to they uncle . uncle leang wave one hand back and move he ox cart in they direction . he come to a stop a few foot from they , and all at once they rush toward he . he take ma into he arm with pa stand quietly beside they . uncle leang hand ma a package from the cart , she open the package of food , sweet rice , fish and bamboo stick . uncle leang I have be look for you since I hear . 19 . stand next to uncle leang , loung have to tilt she head back as far as she can to see he face because he be so tall . all she can see be the shape of he thin lip and wide , black nostril that flare once every few second as he talk to ma . at almost six foot tall , second uncle Kim leang hover above all of they . omitted ext . roadside - day while pa and ma talk to loung 's uncle , loung quickly claim a seat in the wagon with chou and geak . she stare at the skinny cow . she wonder if they be strong enough to be able to pull the family . only young child can be on the wagon with the uncle . ext . road / ox cart - day to dusk as the sun begin to set . they trail take they on a gravel road along Route 26 westward . no matter where they go or in which direction they turn , there be people march ahead and behind they . in the midst of the crowd , they wagon pass a khmer rouge village without stop . house on stilt and man in black with checker scarf . some of they child be in the bright green field catch fish with rod . further down the road loung see a pagoda with kr soldier hold man prisoner . Beyond they in the distance she see soldier watch as monk be make to tend the field . loung look at the face of the monk . they be put to work as if they be be punish . she feel sad for they . the cattle wagon keep move . they veer westward , leave they roadside companion far behind . later - somewhere between bat Deng and krang truop , loung fall asleep . her Pov goe out of focus . 20 . ext . krang truop - early morning loung slowly open she eye . five day after leave they home in phnom penh , the family arrive at krang truop . a small dusty village surround by rice field as far as the eye can see . int . uncle leang 's hut - morning loung enter uncle leang 's hut . uncle leang and he wife have six child , so with the nine new people it make seventeen under one roof . there be object that show uncle leang have be a middle class farmer before the khmer rouge take over . loung climb into pa 's arm . loung the village be so poor . PA ( strong ) so be we . and from now on if anyone ask , we say we be worker . we can not go back to the city . you must stop think we can go back . pa have never speak to she this way . it finally sink in . she tremble with fear . he hold she in he arm as she eye water and she lip tremble . ext . / int . uncle leang 's hut - day loung 's Pov of the rice field . she remove she clothes and hand they to chou who be already wash and in a sarong . loung wash herself outside . there be a big round container that look like a three - foot-tall clay flowerpot . then she reach into the container and take a bowl full of water and pour it over herself . she become shy when she see she little cousin watch she . ext . uncle leang 's hut - day the family clothes hang to dry . pa help uncle repair a fish trap . he be clumsy because he do not know how to do it properly . they share a hot tea and smoke tobacco . a neighbor be with they . 20a . neighbor be it true everyone have evacuate phnom phen ? ( pa nod ) do the Americans bomb the city ? PA angkar ask we to leave . I hear no bombing . uncle leang here , in the village , Americans have bomb for many year . sometimes three day in a row . we have to harvest during the night . 21 . he pause deep in think . neighbor they destroy my house . my cow . I now support the khmer rouge revolution . we want a new society , without poor people , without rich people . we do not need the capitalist . the land be ours . we be master of earth and water . nobody answer . uncle leang if you stay here you must refer to the village chief . you be from the city . you must be careful . angkar know everything . ext . uncle leang 's hut - day loung wander away towards a group of kid have a beetle fight . geak be loving it . chou be not so sure . Kim and meng and khouy play around do handstand , and teach they cousin . ma and keave be with the other woman . int . uncle leang 's hut - night lying on wooden plank loung watch chou toss and turn . ma sit on a mat nearby hold geak , who sleep quietly in she arm . she look around the room at she sleep family . loung overhear a discussion underneath the floorboard . she look through the slat . aunt keang we can not keep they with we . we will be kill . uncle leang she be my sister . aunt keang you know there be no consideration for family . they continue whisper but loung can not make out what they be say . she look over at ma , wonder if she have hear . 22 . ext . uncle leang 's hut - early morning loung watch uncle leang . wonder if he will say anything . life on the farm start before the sun rise . the clothes be now dry on the line . wash up . Breakfast . ( scrap to pig ? feed for chicken ? ) ext . krang truop - morning loung walk into the field . use the trap make last night , they catch fish . the buffalo 's be bring in to graze . loung look around she cannot shake the feel someone be watch she . she look around anxious . omitted content from scene 89 have be merge into scene 77aa . 23 . omitted later - loung watch she cousin and neighbor play . loung walk past pa who sit quietly outside by himself . she enter the hut but turn when she hear a cow bell . they both watch as the Village Chief approach uncle leang . they both know what this mean . omitted int . / ext . uncle leang 's hut - evening loung watch everyone around she pack . uncle leang , he wife , aunt keang , and all the cousin be up . beside loung , chou roll up she thin blanket , fold she clothes and put they in she pillow case . outside , Lee cheun scoops ladle full of cook rice and put it in banana leave . keav poke the crackle fire to cook the dry fish while Kim fill up the petrol container with water . ma put she hand to she mouth to signal to loung to stay quiet . loung pull the cover over she and look at she still blister foot . she do not want to walk anymore . she want to stay . pa pull back the cover and gently pull she from she bed . bite back she tear she put on she flip flop and walk toward keav 's extend hand . pa and ma turn to uncle leang and thank he for let they stay with he . uncle leang look at she , face hang , eye blink rapidly , and bless ma for a safe journey . the cousin stand outside the hut to see the family off . they hand dangle lifelessly by they side as they watch pa lead he family away . ext . rest stop - night by the time the family arrive at the rendezvous area on the roadside , about thirty people have already gather there . they squat and sit on the gravel road in four family group . many have almond - shape eye , thin nose , and light skin , which suggest they might also be of chinese descent . they fellow traveler do not acknowledge they presence , instead they stare passively at the road . like the family , they carry with they light bundle of clothes and small package of food . 23a . loung and family sit on the gravel road next to they but no word be exchange . in the dark of night they all wait for the truck . 24 . later - loung lay in pa 's arm . the world around they remain tranquil and asleep ; all that can be hear be the chirp of cricket . the moment feel like forever . then suddenly the glaring headlight of the military truck appear and it stop before they . pa transfer loung from he warm arm onto the hard , cold bed of the truck . she do not want to let go of he . she do not want to leave the safety of he arm . truck have tarpaulin that way nobody could see people inside and people inside could not watch the road . ext . military truck # 1 - night the ride be bumpy and loud , but the cool dawn air keep they reasonably comfortable . ma stare off into the distance while geak sleep in she arm . loung 's other sibling be half doze , half awake while she find safety in pa 's arm again . everyone be very quiet as the truck drive on . all night the truck head northwest . ext . military truck # 1 - dawn the truck driver do not have pa 's drive skill , nor do he care whether that in the back bounce and bump into one another . the truck drive all day the child take small bite from the food they pack as they drive on . omitted ext . military truck # 1 - early morning loung wake up in pa 's lap in the morning to see that they have arrive at a '' truck stop . '' there be people line up . some just wait . other get onto ox cart . many be still asleep on the side of the road or in the grass . sitting in the back of the truck , they dare not move until the soldier instruct they to . ext . pursat province - early morning as soon as they be tell , everyone jump off . pa lift loung out of the truck and put she on the ground next to chou. 25 . loung overhear meng and pa talk . meng we be not in battamb ? PA ( fatigue ) we will go where ever they choose to take we . loung look around . she do not want to stay here . omitted ext . pursat provence - early morning ma secretly cut open Kim 's jacket , pull out she jewelry and hand it over to the kr . 26 . as pa lift she onto the ox cart . , she notice two very thin middle - age man in loose - fitting black pajama pants and shirt stand next to they . while one write something on small brown pad of paper with he black pen , the other point at they head and count as they climb onto the truck . loung find herself a seat where she can watch the countryside . quickly , another family clamber onto the cart . once all the family be on board , the two man take they note and count again . after they be finish , the ox cart pull away . ext . ox cart - morning the ox cart roll away from the wait area and onto a bumpy narrow road . the family be quiet and somber , the only sound come from the branch brush against the side of the truck and the slush of mud stick to the tire . loung notice davi a beautiful teen young woman who sit with she little sister . davi be father , davi 's mother , and davi 's brother be also in ( or walk beside ) the cart . she look at the rip open part of she jacket or she mother depend on where we choose to hide the jewel . loung rest she head on pa 's chest and think how lucky she be to have such a father . she look up at pa who seem so serious and sad . she worry for he . she miss he smile . int . ox cart - day the ox cart pass a Buddhist temple that have be destroy and be now crawl with soldier . pa bow he head in a moment of silence . another man in the truck notice and look at pa with suspicion . loung look at the temple . loung 's memory -— ext . temple ( angkor wat ) - day loung remember clutching tightly to pa 's finger as they walk along wide crumble corridor . the temple wall be decorate with magnificent detailed carving of people , cow , wagon , daily life , and battle scene from long ago . 27 . guarding the ancient step be giant granite lion , tiger , eight - head snake , and elephant . next to they , sandstone god with eight hand who sit cross -legge on lotus flower watch over the temple pond . on the wall beneath the jungle vine , thousand of beautiful apsara goddess with big round breast wear only short wraparound skirt smile at visitor . pa lead loung through the temple . loung o.s. meng say you be once a monk . PA ( smile ) I be . but I meet a beautiful woman in a pretty blue silk shirt , who 's smile melt my heart . the same smile she daughter now have . loung smile . loung o.s. do you live here ? PA this be where the god live . if you call out , they will answer . loung o.s. ( yell ) chump leap sursdei dthai pda ! ( hello god ) echo dthai pda ! dthai pda ! loung grab pa 's leg when she hear the god answer . pa smile down at she laugh . memory fade ext . ox cart - day geak cry . ma move to she to comfort she . she hold she tightly to she breast as if to never let she go . loung look at ma 's blue silk shirt and realize why she choose to bring it with she . ext . ro leap meeting area - day the cart stop . 28 . the driver order the new arrival to get out and wait for instruction from the village chief . loung 's family quickly jump off the cart , leave she behind . stand at the edge , she fight the impulse to run and hide in the far corner . all around the ox cart , villager have gather to take they first look at the new people . this villager be all dress in the familiar loose- fitting black pajama pants and shirt with a red-and - white checker scarf wrap across they shoulder or around they head . they look like a older version of the khmer rouge soldier that storm into they city , except they do not carry gun . someone in the crowd capitalist should be shot and kill . a base woman parasite ! the base woman walk over and spit at pa 's foot . pa 's shoulder droop low as he hold he palm together in a gesture of greeting . loung cower at the edge of the ox cart , afraid to get off . to she , the villager look very mean , like hungry tiger ready to pounce . they black eye stare at she , full of contempt . PA ( gently to loung ) come , you have to get off the cart . she drag she body cautiously toward he . she take hold of chou 's hand and together they follow ma. ( while he speak , loung focus on other thing . ) ext . ro leap meeting area - continuous loung look around . there be no soldier in the village , but there be chlop , it mean militiamen who spy , who be security guard , who arrest ... 29 . ro leap khmer rouge ( with a heavy accent of people from the jungle area ) angkar never use any object from imperialist and feudal society . all of this thing create a deep divide between rich and poor . you must absolutely give up all personal property . destroy individualism ; build the collective spirit ! absolutely everything belong to the angkar ! loung nestle closer to chou and lean she head on she shoulder . the ro leap village chief make he appearance to the crowd of new people . omitted ext . ro leap meeting area - day ro leap khmer rouge by wear the same thing we rid ourselves of the corrupt western creation of vanity . we be all equal . you will take this stain ( he hold up a bowl of berry - makhleur in khmer ) and then mix in mud to dye you remain clothes , remove all color . renounce family tie , and adopt the immense family ; have a revolutionary consciousness ! all yes , comrade . 30 . ro leap khmer rouge Father be now '' pok '' . not daddy or pa.. mother be '' meh '' . the angkar tenderly look after you all , the angkar be you family now . loung grab she pa 's finger even tighter . ext . ro leap hut - day establish the ro Leap Village . the family be show to they assign plot . ma sort through the clothes . ma and the girl work to stain they black . first they smash the berry and stain they . loung watch as the clothes lose they color . during this process the Men be come back with plank of wood for the house and work on the structure . later - the clothes in black mud be hang out to dry . ma see other mother cut they child 's hair to match the kr . she begin with geak . loung watch . omitted - content merged into scene 115 ext . ro leap - late day the bell ring , signal mealtime . gripping she wooden bowl and spoon , loung , chou ( with new haircut ) and Kim walk to the communal kitchen while the other wait they turn . they be separate into group . ( this be how they will now work and eat . Girls 6 - 12 then older girl and woman . boy 6 - 12 then older boy and man . ) ext . ro leap dine area - before dark the kitchen be nothing but a long table , with no chair or bench , and under a thatched roof with no wall , and a few brick oven . on the long table sit two pot , one full of rice and one full of soup with bit of fish inside . there be six or seven base woman stir and scoop food from the pot . a long line of new people have already form around the table . like loung 's family , they have all change from they city clothing into they black pajama pants and shirt , the only clothes they will wear from now on . 31 . loung look at the long line in front of she . she stare at the many black pot fill with steamy food on the ground . the line move quickly and silently . under she breath she count the head before she , eliminate they one by one , anxiously wait for she turn . loung raise she bowl to she eye level to make it easier for the comrade to serve she . she do not dare look up at the woman . eye focus on she bowl , loung see the hand dump some rice in she bowl and drop a whole small fish on top of it . loung thank you . ext . dine area - early evening loung and she sister eat they food together . they lick the bowl clean . she look at davi 's sister and the other new girl . she hear a announcement and see the next group line up . she watch she older brother and sister with ma and pa stand in line . they time be up . loung and chou walk back towards they hut . omitted ext . ro leap hut - morning ma keav and loung trade item with the base woman . loung and she sister help sew palm tree wall for the hut . they have never do this before and be watch a family to learn . the man continue to work on the hut . 32 . ext . ro leap - early morning the guard patrol . pa and the boy be work on the house . davi 's Father and brother be work next door to build theirs . omitted ext . ro leap - morning over the megaphone we hear the morning announcement and call to work . we see the rice field begin to fill with row of worker . ext . ro leap - morning loung and chou be in line with the other girl march to work . they pass ma and keav in the field . ext . ro leap garden - morning loung and chou 's first day at work . they tend to the soil to prepare a garden . loung look out and see ma and keav in the rice field . Kim be in a nearby garden with the other boy . chlop patrol . later - loung 's back be hurt . she be not use to this kind of labour . the base woman who spit at pa upon arrival , walk over . she look at the girl and tell they they be lazy and need to work harder . the young girl try to hold back tear . int . ro leap hut - dusk pa finish the roof . loung 's eye grow heavy . she fall asleep . ext . ro leap garden - morning - planting we pan across a large area where we see hundred work the field . 33 . loung and chou work in the garden . they sweat under the hot sun . omitted ext . ro leap - day loung walk back to she hut and pass she parent and older sibling work in the rice field . ext . ro leap hut - night that night , loung sneak out of the hut past the kr on patrol and follow pa into a meeting at the town square . ext . town square - night loung and some other child be tuck away off to the side of the meeting . she watch as ma and pa join the other for the town meeting . pa look tired . there be a couple man and woman the kr have put aside . loung wonder why and what they have do . ro leap khmer rouge every work site be a fiery battlefield . let we be master of the water , master of nature . work in the rice field without consider the sky , to grow three ton a hectare . if you have a revolutionary position , you can do anything comrade . cheyo revolutionary angkar ! fist in the air . '' cheyo ! cheyp ! '' the base girl be stand next to the kr . she point at a man and say he should confess . the man victim / informant ( birthmark on he face ) confess for take something small for he child who be sick . he be punish and tie to a tree near the child . omitted 33A . ext . ro leap loung and chou on they way to work . they pass the man still tie to the tree . loung look at the kr near he . wonder how one man could do that to another . ext . ro leap garden - early morning week have pass . ( Transition possibly by come down from the sun ) the seed have begin to sprout and the vine have grow . she smile and tend to they . she put she head down and continue to work . 34 . loung notice the change of rice field . ext . ro leap dine hall - evening Social contact among the new people be almost nonexistent . everyone keep to themselves , fear that if they share personal thought or feeling someone will report they to the angkar . loung and chou sit in silence . she look at she food . the ration be less . loung notice the man who have be tie to the tree victim / informant . his body language catch she eye . he be humble but close to the kr . give information . they seem to be talk about pa . this make loung very uncomfortable . ext . ro leap stream - day loung 's Pov of cow move though the river . we reveal she be in the river . loung , chou and the other girl wash they clothes in a nearby stream . without detergent they be never very clean . loung look at another group of older woman down the stream . she see ma who give she a secret smile . davi catch she eye . despite the war and the famine , davi 's body be that of a young woman . her hair be cut short , but be thick and curly and frame she small , oval face nicely . loung stare at she large , round brown eye with they long lash . davi see she and shyly look away . loung smile at keav who playfully splashes she with water . loung splashes back . omitted - now scene 132a ext . ro leap - dusk monsoon # 1 35 . month have pass . loung be out look at the cloud . loung and chou be wash they hair and scrubbing they body by the side of they hut . loung notice three kr walk to davi 's family 's hut and tell she parent they need davi to be the wife of a handicapped soldier . davi 's mother cry and wrap she arm around she daughter . davi ’'s mother take I . davi be a lazy girl . take I . davi cry harder at they word and clung desperately to she mother . loung be too frighten to move . davi ’'s father ( on he knee ) please . not my daughter . please . the kr grab davi by she arm and pull she from she mother 's shaking hug . davi sob loudly , begging they to let she stay but the kr drag she on . her mother fall to she knee , palm together , and plead with they not to take she only daughter . the father , still on he knee , lower he head to the ground , bang he forehead on the dirt , and also plead with the kr . as they take she away , davi turn around many time to see both she parent still on the ground , palm together , praying for she . she look back until she can see they no more . loung focus on davi 's father and the pain in he eye . int . ro leap hut - night loung sit still as keav comb she hair . she watch as meng and Kim play with geak . ext . ro leap garden - morning loung and the other arrive to see all vegetable have be take from the ground . she watch as the chlop carry they away in crate . she and chou begin again to prepare the land for the next crop . she look over at davi 's sister . 36 . int . ro leap hut - morning everyone be up early . loung notice khouy who seem upset . she notice pa and meng have a serious private talk . ma pack keav 's black pyjama pants and shirt in a scarf . keav sit next to ma with they hand touch . loung be try to understand what be happen . ext . ro leap - day quietly loung walk with she family to the town square where other teenager and family have already gather . other teenager have tear in they eye as do they distraught parent . loung now understand . meng muss loung 's hair and give she a smile . loung watch as the Village Chief call they out and the base people hand out tool and give they a plot number . ro leap khmer rouge leader the revolution be not take place in this village alone ; it be take place throughout all of kampuchea . angkar need strong young man and woman . the angkar know what be best . we must trust in angkar . she watch as khouy and meng steal glance at pa as they get in line and begin to move off . keav and ma wish they could embrace . they look into each other eye . both full of tear . in a matter of minute , the chlop lead the child away while the family watch in quiet despair . keav look to loung who try to muster a smile , then she hug pa and walk away in she black shirt and pants that be fray at the hem . loung watch keav as she follow the soldier , with twenty other boy and girl , never look back . chou and loung watch with tear in they eye and watch until keav 's figure be no longer in sight . omitted 37 . int . ro leap hut - night loung watch chou sleep . she look over at the empty place where meng , khouy and keav use to sleep . tear fall from she big brown eye . PA angkar be right . soon the country will be prosperous . angkar will take care of they . loung be confuse , then hear footstep . she look through the slat to see two chlop walk away . she look to pa. silently they express the understanding . ext . ro leap - river - day end of monsoon # 1 loung , chou and other girl walk in line to get water . each balance two water pail on a long flat piece of wood over they shoulder . they approach the water when , a stench attack loung 's nose and she begin to cough . come around the path into a clear , she know what the smell be before she even spot the body . the corpse lie decompose in the sun . she hold she breath and walk toward it . chou let 's go loung wave she hand at chou and proceed forward while she stay back . pinch she nose , she approach it . ( possibly face down but gun shot to make clear execute ) Black hair sink into the grass , become one with the dirt . the chest cavity be cave in beneath the black clothes , home to hundred of the black - green fly feast on the body . loung cover she mouth to push down vomit , not dare to look anymore . quickly , she turn and walk away , but the smell of death still cling to she clothes . chou ( cont 'd ) what be you do ? 38 . loung try to loosen the body to float down stream . loung remove she pail , and with she stick help to push the body away . with the two of they beat on it , it bob and sway even more . finally they loosen the leg and the body float a few foot down before get stick again near the bank . this time he be inch away from they . loung ( cont 'd ) on three . after a concerted effort , the body finally float down the river , he long hair spread around . they wait a few minute until they believe the body fluid have all float past they before fetching the water . they move up stream for a clean area . ext . ro leap dine hall - day rain fall . loung and chou line up with soup bowl in hand along with the other girl to receive they ration . the cook use to serve they rice gruel , but now there be only enough grain in the pot to make soup . ( the soup be now very clear ) when it 's loung 's turn to receive the food , she watch anxiously as the cook stir the rice soup . stare at the rice pot , she let out a breath of hopelessness when she see the lady take the ladle and stir the soup . both hand tightly grip she bowl , loung take she two ladle full and walk to a spot away from all the other . loung sit quietly , savore it spoonful by spoonful , drink the broth first . what 's leave at the bottom of she bowl be approximately three spoonfuls of rice , and she have to make this last . she eat the rice slowly . tear mix with the food in she mouth . her heart fall to she stomach when all the eight grain be go and she see that the other be still eat theirs . she study they . everyone be thin . they look like the walk dead . 39 . int . ro leap hut - night loung can not sleep . she look at chou . how she face have change . loung hear movement . she look over in the direction of she parent . she see she father caress she mother . she have never see they in such a intimate way before . she feel she should look away but it warm she to see how pa love ma . he kiss she neck . ( not sex . just affection . all very subtle so nothing would be notice by guard pass by . ) ext . ro leap - day stand in the row of ripe red bell pepper , tomato , and green cucumber , the sun burn hot on loung 's skin , drench she clothes . in the next field over , Kim wipe he forehead and continue he work in silence . as she finger pluck the green bean , loung 's mouth water . feeling the fuzzy hair of the bean between she thumb and finger , she crave to put it in she mouth . loung hear yell . chou be suddenly be question . she reveal a bean in she hand half eat . she beg for forgiveness as tear roll down she face . loung study she sister . she have never see she like this . her heart break for she . ext . ro leap - day on the way back from work , in line with the other girl , loung reach for chou 's hand . she hold it for a moment send she a silent message . loung 's Pov of pa work . ext . ro leap well - morning dry season # 2 a distort image of loung . 40 . loung be look at she reflection in a pond . she have not see herself since phnom penh . the blurred child stare back at she . she touch she face know how much it have change . she be always so tired . starvation have do terrible thing to she body . her body be thin all over , except for she stomach and she foot . she lift up she shirt and count every rib in she rib cage . her stomach protrude outward , bloat like a ball between she chest and hip . she look at she foot . callouse and dirty . loung and chou roam the area for beetle , and cricket . loung catch a beetle and eat it . they pick up a handful of dirt each , sift it in they hand as the big pebble rise . they take out the big pebble and eat the rest of the dirt loung tilt she face up to the sky , force herself to look directly into the sun . the brightness sting she eye make she temporarily blind . ext . ro leap - late day the blue sky . loung 's Pov . dry season loung notice the leave have shrivel and the tree brown . people transport dead body along the principal road to the village to bury behind the village . they transport in a very old mat or braid bamboo . one or two people follow the body with a pickaxe . a child cry in front of he house . thin people work here and there like zomby . under the summer sun , the stench of death be so strong in the village , loung cover she nose and mouth with she hand and breathe only the air that filter through she finger . the neighbor be too weak to bury all the corpse . some body of recently dead lay wait to be take away . a very skinny dog look hungrily at the flesh . the smell permeate the surround air . she watch as the body be collect . loung have see the ritual perform so many time that she now feel nothing . a kr walk by and give she a stern look . she stare back . 41 . int . ro leap hut - night loung lie on she mat . she watch as pa put a few spoon full of uncook rice in the secret rice bag . he put the bag , inside a container , and hide it beneath a small pile of clothes so that the other villager can not see it . PA watch three chlop pass by on the main road of the village before hide the rice . int . ro leap hut - night loung 's dream ( kubrick style - centered and colorful ) the shadow of a kr look towards loung like in the previous scene . loung be sit alone at a long table . the table be cover with all of she favorite food in the world . there be food everywhere as far as she eye can see ! Red and crispy roast pig , brown and golden duck , steaming dumpling , plump fry shrimp , and all kind of sweet cake ! everything look so real . she shove everything into she mouth at once with both hand , lick she finger deliciously . yet the more she eat the hungrier she become . she eat with great anxiety and urgency , fear the khmer rouge soldier will come and take it all away from she . she be so greedy , she do not want to share the food with anyone . she see shadow . she gorge and hide food . loung 's dream end int . ro leap hut - 2 am loung lay awake . her stomach pain with hunger . she slowly , quietly , get up and go over the other sleep body to get to the container . with she heart pound , she slowly lift off the top . her hand reach in and take out a handful of uncook rice ( or snail or cricket ) and quickly shove it into she hungry mouth before anyone wake and make she put it back . afraid that the crunch of uncook rice might wake the other , she soften the grain with saliva . when it 's soft enough , she tooth grind the rice grain , produce a sweet taste that slowly down she throat . she want more but stop herself . 42. int . ro leap hut - 6 am kim pa , someone be in the container last night . pa check the container . he consider -- PA maybe some rat get into it . pa wrap it up tight and move it higher . pa look at loung . shame burn she hand like a hot iron . as if to rescue she , geak wake up and she cry of hunger interrupt the incident . the guilt weigh heavily on loung . ext . ro leap hut - 6:10 am loung keep to herself wash food bowl in a bucket in front of the hut . geak walk up to loung and tug at she clothes . loung gently push she away . geak try again . she want loung to pick she up . loung move away from geak . pa walk out of the hut on he way to work . chou come over to help loung . Kim walk by and intentionally knock against loung as he pass on he way to work . she look up and he give she a look . he know . loung 's lip quiver with shame . chou grab she hand . ext . ro leap - early morning loung and chou walk in line with other towards the garden . 43 . int . ro leap hut - night that night , loung stare at ma as she boil water for tea . she remember that ma use to be so beautiful . now red lip be purple and dry , she cheek be sink , there be deep shadow under she eye , she porcelain white skin be brown and wrinkle from the sun . loung look into she tea . ext . ro leap - early morning a beautiful orange sun rise . ext . ro leap hut - early morning dry season before monsoon # 2 early morning as everyone get ready to report for work . loung and chou return to the hut with the water bucket . ma sit on the porch comb geak 's hair and look for lice . she wash she when the water arrive . loung watch pa head out to work . a girl arrive in the village . she show she pass to a chlop . she speak to some people and be guide towards the loung 's family hut . loung watch as she come closer . she seem concerned . girl I have come with a message from comrade keav . the family gather to listen . ma shift geak on she hip . 44 , girl ( cont 'd ) she have be sick . you be permit to visit . omitted ext . ro leap - morning chou be leave home with geak . loung watch ma put the slip in she pocket as she lead they toward the road . int . run down hospital - day ma guide loung into the ( pagoda or school turn into a makeshift - ) hospital . the sound of suffer overwhelm she . the room be full of patient . most alone . one young boy already dead . loung be just tall enough to see over the bed . she notice coke bottle use as iv drip . splatter of blood on the floor catch loung 's attention . a nurse push past she . across the room loung recognize keav . loung be almost too afraid to walk forward . when loung and ma appear they see there seem to be no flesh leave on keav 's body . keav 's eye be sink deep into they socket , and she can hardly open they to look at she . when she first see ma she do not recognize she . keav wheeze and gasp for air just from try to talk to she . ma break down and weep . keav keep ask for pa . she be so weak she cannot raise she hand to wave the ( cg ) fly away from she face . she be so dirty . they do not even clean up she mess up . they just let she lie there in she sickness and dirty sheet . ma get upset and try to help clean she . loung look to she sister . the sight of she be terrifying . ext . ro leap garden - day day later . Cloud in the sky . ( land be wet from 167 - 172 , sometimes rain ) . loung and chou work the land . 45 . loung see the girl who come with a message about keav . she watch from a distance as she be lead to ma in the field . loung look on as she mother notice the girl and brace herself for the news . we can tell from the body language that keav have die . with the kr watch neither ma nor loung or chou can express they grief . int . ro leap hut - night the hut be silent . grief hang heavy . ma quietly make tea . pa sit alone . ( possibly carve for chou , loung and Kim ) loung and chou whisper before bed . loung what happen when people die ? chou first they sleep peacefully not know they be dead . they sleep for three day and then on the third day they wake up . that 's when they realize they be dead . then they walk to a river , wash the dirt off they body , and start they journey to heaven to wait for they next life . loung when will they come back ? chou I do not know . loung I hope she will not come back here . ext . ro leap stream - day chou and loung be at the stream do laundry . they be surround by other girl do the same . no splash or laughter now . only silence . like loung and chou , the child be so starve they hardly have the energy to wash the clothes . 45a . ext . ro leap - day before dry season . base child play . loung feel hate for they . 46 . the air be hotter and drier now . time pass slowly . loung and chou eat lunch huddle together . the food ration have reduce even more . the man with the birthmark ( who be tie to the tree ) be speak with a chlop . loung notice as they give pa a look . pa lower he head . loung I be go to kill they one day . she look back and see chou smile to herself . loung ( cont 'd ) you do not think I can ? I can . chou ( simply ) I do not want you to . I do not want anyone to kill ( hurt ) anyone . chou look sad . int . ro leap hut - night ma ( panicked ) how would they know ? lying on she back next to chou and Kim , loung pretend to be asleep . PA someone probably denounce I . ma how be it possible ? we hide we name . everything . loung roll over to she side . ma and pa become quiet , wait for she to go back to sleep . stare at Kim 's back , loung force herself to breathe regularly . pa whisper something we can not hear . ma ( cont 'd ) ( whisper ) no. please . they be too young . they can not defend themselves . pa take a deep breath . PA not now then , but soon . 46a . geak kick and moan in she sleep . ma pick she up and put she down between pa and herself . loung roll over once more , this time face chou 's back . she spy ma and pa asleep face each other on they side with geak in the middle , they hand touch above geak 's head . ext . ro leap hut - late day the next evening , while sit with Kim outside on the step of they hut ( sweeping ) . loung look out at the camp , and up to the sky . when loung focus she eye back on the earth , she see two man in black walk towards she with they rifle casually hang on they back . 47 . khmer rouge with rifle be comrade nath here ? kim yes comrade . pa hear they and come out of the hut , he body rigid as we family gather around he . PA comrade , what can I do for you ? khmer rouge with rifle we need you help to repair the bridge near prey svay . come with we comrade . PA could you please wait a moment so that I can pack my thing ? the soldier nod to pa. pa and ma go inside the hut . loung stare at a dirty ax hang on the side of the soldier belt . there be something on it . it could be dirt it could be blood . there be also rope on the belt of one kr . the soldier smile at she . loung look away . she notice the man with the birthmark . he look guilty and turn back into he hut . loung move to the wall and look through the slat in the wall . she see she father embrace she mother in a way she have never see . so deeply loving and intimate . she hold he so tight as if she could keep he with she forever if only she never let go . ( to discuss what he pack and what he leave behind . possibly a strand of keav 's hair ) tear fall from she face . pa wipe she tear and lift she head . he need she to be strong . he give she one last kiss . loung look away . her focus return to the soldier in front of she . moment later , pa come out alone . Inside , loung hear ma sobbing quietly . opposite the soldier , pa straighten he shoulder , and for the first time since the khmer rouge takeover , he stand tall . thrust out he chin and hold he head high . look up at he , loung see he chest inflate and exhales deeply , and he jaw be square as he clenches he tooth . loung reach up she hand and lightly tug at he pants leg . pa put he hand on she head and tousle she hair . 48. suddenly he surprise she and pick she up off the ground . his arm tight around she , pa hold she and kiss she hair . loung 's foot dangle in the air , she squeeze she eye shut and wrap she arm around he neck , not want to let go . PA ( cont 'd ) ( whisper ) my beautiful girl . his lip quiver into a small smile . pa put loung down . he walk slowly to chou and take geak from she arm . look into she face , he cradle she and gently rock she back and forth before bend and gather chou into he arm also . his head high and he chest puffed out like a small man , Kim walk over to pa and stand quietly next to he . letting go of chou and geak , pa stoops down and lay both hand on Kim 's shoulder . as Kim 's face crumble , pa 's face be rigid and calm . PA ( cont 'd ) look after you ma and you sister and yourself . pa walk away with a soldier on either side of he . loung stand and wave to he . she watch pa 's figure get smaller and smaller , and still she wave to he , hope he will turn around and wave back . he never do . she watch until he figure disappear into the horizon . when she can no longer see pa , loung turn around and go . loung look inside they hut , where ma sit in the corner of the room cry . in she heart she know the truth , but she mind cannot accept the reality of what this all mean . loung watch as chou and Kim go to she to ask what have happen . omitted int . ro leap hut - night loung lie on she back . outside the wind blow in the branch , and the leave rustle and sing to each other . the cloud part , and the moon and star shine and give life to the darkness . time stand still this night . image in loung 's head as she imagine what happened to her father - 49 , ext . forest - night a dark hole in the ground . there be already many dead people in the mass grave , they body sprawle on top of each other . they black pajama clothes be soak with blood . a soldier lead a man to the edge of the hole , he arm tie behind he back . it 's pa . the soldier push on pa 's shoulder , make he kneel . the soldier have blindfolded he . pa pray silently . the soldier raise the ax above he head . pa be kill . int . ro leap hut - night tear fall from loung 's eye . she slide next chou . beside they , Kim hold on tight to geak . loung 's mind swirl with pain and anger . the pain spasm convulse as if it be eat away she lining . turn on she side , she dig she hand into she stomach and squeeze it violently to make the physical pain stop . then the sadness surround she . Dark and black it loom over she , pull she deeper and deeper into it . her eye grow cold . she can still hear the faint noise of ma 's muffle cry outside , but now do not feel she pain . she be become numb . int . ro leap hut - morning ma be up before anyone else the next morning . her face be all puffy , she eye be red and swollen shut . loung watch as ma fold pa 's clothes and put they and he few other belonging in a loving pile and tuck they away . she notice Kim . he help geak change . he be different somehow . as if he now know he must be the man of the house . he straighten up as if make the decision . the loudspeaker announce . loung watch Kim walk to work . 50 . ext . ro leap - early morning dry season ma and the other woman harvest the rice . ext . ro leap cornfield - morning stalk of corn in the sunlight . loung look over at Kim who be nearby work with the other young boy . he look at the man guard the corn . he watch as they stand nearby enjoy cigarettes . one chlop look at loung . she stare back defiantly . he only wink , make it worse . int . ro leap hut - night loung watch - Kim will not hear no . he be determine . he take a krama and head out the door . chou and loung do not try to stop he . they watch as he go . ma look afraid . she do not move . later - Kim be still not back . ( find a visual way to show passage of time . ) loung look to ma who be hold geak for comfort . chou sit in the corner of the room , stare out into she own world . suddenly Kim climb into the hut . he be smile and carry a bag of fresh corn . loung rush to help he carry it into the house . see Kim , ma put geak down so she can greet he . they stay very quiet so not to attract attention . loung edge herself closer and closer to the bag of corn . her nose inhale the aroma . her eye fixate on the yellow ear . ma ( to herself ) they have turn we into thief . 51 . loung hear this but can not listen . her stomach be too empty to feel anything but happy for the food . ext . ro leap - night ( discuss how it be cook ) the cloud be move furiously fast , block any moonbeam from touch the earth . ma pass around the corn . Kim play with geak who seem a bit livelier . later - ma tell a story as she comb knot out of geak 's hair . she tell the story . she smile at Kim . the story be for he . loung and ma share a smile . it 's be a while since she have feel that connection . int . ro leap hut - night the follow night , loung watch Kim sling a bag ( or scarf ) over he shoulder and climb down the step of the hut . his knee buckle when he reach the ground . quickly , he straighten himself before anyone notice . loung grab a bag , sling it over she shoulder and follow behind he . ext . ro leap - night the sky be very dark . his small foot carry he into the darkness . Kim look behind he frighten upon hearing a noise . he breathes a deep sigh of relief when he realize it 's loung . he gesture for she to stay quiet . ext . ro leap cornfield - continuous then he see the field ahead of he . it be thick with stalk of corn , each with three or four ear , stand twice the size of the small boy . his eye scan the area all around he . Kim run from he hide place into the cornfield . his finger work busily to fill the bag . loung come closer . 52. suddenly , two hand grab Kim from behind and throw he to the ground . he try to get back on he foot . through she hide place in the field , loung see two khmer rouge , they rifle sling across they back . one soldier grab Kim by the arm and pull he off the ground , but he knee buckle . his head spin . he be shaking with terror . a hand slap he hard on the face . the pain be sharp and cut , but he bite he jaw together to stop its hurt . kr how dare you steal from angkar . thief ! they yell at he , but he be too stunne to hear they . more hand push he down . he be on all four now and follow they order when a hard - boot foot kick he in the stomach , knock he breath away . he be in the mud again , gasp for breath . loung be freeze with fear . she desperately want to run to she brother but she can not . she stare , unable to look away . another foot stomp on he back and push he face into the mud . he open he mouth , gasp for air , but instead choke on a mouthful of mud . he be sick with terror , and he do not know what to do next . a hand pull he up by the hair and a soldier be stare at he . kr ( cont 'd ) be you go to steal again ? kim no comrade . Kim whimper as blood drip out of he mouth . but that be not enough for they . more hand and more leg continue they assault on he . the same question be ask of he and the same answer be give . then one take he rifle off he shoulder and point it at he . Kim cry , tear pour out . kim ( cont 'd ) ( tremble ) please . please do not kill I . one laugh at he . he be no longer a boy try to be the man of the house . he be just a twelve - year- old boy now , look into the barrel of a rifle . kim ( cont 'd ) please comrade . please do not kill I . I will never do it again . please . 53 . he turn the rifle around and smashes its butt into Kim 's skull . the soldier push Kim with he rifle as if tell he to move . kr ( with warning ) that who steal anything from the community be enemy . no gain in keep , no loss in weed out . next time I will kill you . go . Kim rise unsteadily to he foot and limp home . loung trail very slowly , quietly behind . ext . ro leap hut - night loung see ma put she hand over she mouth to stifle a scream . against the backdrop of the dark , she see Kim 's twelve - year - old body . in he hand be two empty bag . ma see the unmistakable color of blood on he clothes and mark on he muddy face . his eye be half close , he be shake , but he do not cry . ma rush over to he and gently touch he wounded face . she cry over he cut swollen lip and cringe as she touch the blood drip from he skull . ma my poor little boy , my poor little boy . look what they have do to you . my poor little boy . int . ro leap hut - night Kim be quiet and do not resist ma 's help take off he bloody shirt . chou bite she lip at see she brother 's body so badly beat . Raw , red mark and painful bruise be everywhere on he rib cage and back . geak begin to cry . loung stand in the corner with more conviction than ever to kill this soldier , to avenge the blood that drip from she brother 's skull . Kim do not cry . he flinch when ma put a wet rag on he bruise and bleed head . ( this time see a deep wound , loung do not look away . she stare at it , follow the blood from the gash down to the small puddle on the floor ) ma lay Kim down , he close he eye , and fall asleep . later - 54 . fearing he might die and loung will not know about it , she walk over to he every few minute and put she hand under he nose to feel he breath . ext . ro leap garden - day the child work in the garden . loung look across to the area where Kim be . his wound be almost heal . he be now more withdraw . she look at he he look like the little boy that he be . she feel for he . int . ro leap hut - evening loung be focus on geak . ( possibly brush she hair and look for lice ) notice how frail she be . ma return from work . she gather Kim , chou , and loung together . with all of they sit in a circle wait for she , ma nervously walk around the hut outside to make sure no one can hear . when she join she child , she eye be fill with tear . ma you three have to leave and go far away . you will go in different direction . Kim , to the south ; chou north ; and loung east . walk until you come to a work camp . tell they you be orphan and they will take you in . Change you name . do not even tell each other you new name . do not let people know who you be . ma 's voice grow stronger with determination as the word pour out . ma ( cont 'd ) this way if they catch you , they can not get to the rest because you will have no information to give they . her mouth say many more word , but loung can not hear they . fear creep its way into she body , make it tremble . loung I do not want to go . 55 . ma you have no choice . loung be too shocked to speak . omitted int . ro leap hut - night loung watch as ma pack they thing . chou and Kim be dress and ready to go . chou hugging geak . ma pack loung 's one pair of clothes , wrap food bowl in a scarf , and tie it diagonally around she back . ext . ro leap hut - night slowly loung climb down the step to where chou and Kim be wait for she . ma remember , do not go together and do not come back . loung 's heart sink as she realize ma really be send they away . loung I be not go . loung plant she foot to the ground , refuse to move . ma yes , you be . I do not want you here . loung I be not go . ma I can not take care of all you kid . you be too much work for I . I want you to leave . ma stare at they blankly . loung 's arm reach out for ma plead with she to take she into she arm . but she swat loung back with a quick slap . ma ( cont 'd ) now go . 56 . she turn loung around by the shoulder and bend down to give she a hard swat on the butt , push she away . Kim be already walk away from they with he eye look ahead and he back rigid . chou follow slowly behind he , she sleeve continuously wiping she eye . reluctantly , loung drag herself away from ma and catch up with they . after a few step , she turn around and see that ma have already go back into the hut . geak sit at the door , watch they leave . she lift she hand and wave to loung . loung can not bring herself to wave back . ext . road - morning the three sibling walk in silence . omitted ext . road - day hour later - the sun climb to the back of they head , scorching they . it be time for Kim to go off on he own path . he stop he sister and again repeat ma 's instruction without emotion . without word of good - bye or good luck , he turn and walk away . loung do not know if or when she will ever see he again . with she hand clench into fist by she side , she stand there and she eye follow he body until she can no longer see he . chou and loung look at the fork in the road . they stand for a while before they decide they cannot separate themselves so they head off in the same direction . ( chou will find loung 's hand and pull she gently with she . ) ext . road - day loung and chou walk in silence all through the morning as the sun beat down on they . they eye look everywhere for sign of human life but find none . all around they , the tree be brown , they green leave , wilted in the heat of the white sky , hang quietly on the branch . the only sound come from they foot and the pebble that roll away from they toe . 57 . ahead of they loung see kr . her heart begin to beat rapidly as they approach . loung comrade , we be orphan . we be look for a place to live . the soldier stare at she . she feel he know she be lie . finally he guide she . kr guide this way for xxx turn right when you see a flag and follow the dirt path to the field . they thank he respectfully and move on . ext . road - day chou and loung pass the flag and follow the dirt trail wind and stretch before they . it be afternoon when they finally see a camp . ext . child 's work camp - day loung look at the camp . it consist of six hut . opposite they be two open hut that be use as the communal kitchen and three smaller hut where the supervisor live . the camp be surround by rice field on all side . the child be harvest . another fifty child line up at the well be in the process of water the garden . bucket of water be pass from one person to person , the last person with the bucket pour the water onto the garden and run the bucket back to the well . stand at the front , chou and loung be greet by the camp supervisor . met bong be as tall as ma but much bigger and more intimidating . her black hair be cut chin-length and square , the same style of all other kr woman . met bong comrade , what be you do here ? loung met bong , my sister and I be orphan look for a place to live . met bong how old be you ? 58 . loung I be seven . she be ten . met bong follow I . ext . child 's work camp dine area - early evening loung and chou line up with other girl . loung be surprised to see the food ration be much better . coconut cutting girl sit on mat prepare one for each workmate . she watch as the food be put into she bowl . then she and chou find a place to sit next to a sweet look girl , na , who seem sad and alone . ext . child 's work camp - meeting room - dusk chou , loung , na , and other gather for nightly lesson . image of communist leader hang from the rafter . a teacher read the latest news or propaganda from the angkar . teacher ( in a full voice ) angkar be all powerful ! angkar be the savior and liberator of the khmer people . you be the child of angkar . Long live the revolutionary angkar ! Children clap , raise they fisted arm and scream '' cheyo ! cheyo ! cheyo ! '' ( Viva ! Viva ! Viva ! ) loung and chou follow suit , though they do not understand the propaganda of what teacher be say . '' teacher ( cont 'd ) only you child be free from stain . clay be mold while it be soft . today we soldier at the front line crush the yuon enemy who try to devour we country . cheyo / Viva we glorious revolutionary army of kampuchea ! all girl ( fist in the air ) chevo ! chevo ! anger build inside loung as she think of what angkar and the khmer rouge have do to she family . 59 . int . child 's work camp - night loung and chou be wedge closely together on a wooden bamboo plank with fifty other girl . ext . child 's work camp rice field - day loung and chou now work in the rice field with the other girl . harvest be hard work . loung watch the other to learn what to do . na help she and show she . ext . child 's work camp the girl return from work . van a girl around chou 's age and size make herself know as a leader . she stare at chou . she find she sweet soft nature weak . 60 . Van push into chou on purpose . chou be of such a gentle nature it really shock she . she try to move away from Van who get near she and push she again . sat , Van 's friend be also there and give chou a hard time . ext . child 's work camp another day work in the rice field . sweat pour down loung 's face . she look over at Van who be say thing to chou under she breath . chou be try to be strong . int . child 's work camp - night chou and loung hold each other as they sleep on the wood board surround by all the other girl . int . child 's work camp - early evening while wash up for dinner one evening , Van , walk up and pinch chou 's arm . she lean in and whisper something cruel . as if possess by a will of they own , loung 's arm reach for she neck and she hand close around the girl throat , squeezing hard . Van 's face turn white with confusion . she gasp for air , choke under the pressure of loung 's finger . she grab loung 's arm , she nail scratch she skin . loung refuse to let go . sharp pain explode on loung 's shin as Van kick she . loung lunge at she with she body , knock she to the ground . sitting on she chest , loung 's eye pierce hers . her hand slap Van 's face . loung be push to the ground by met bong . met bong enough ! she point to van. 61 . met bong ( cont 'd ) go and wash up . ( to loung ) you will water the garden tonight . no dinner . and no sleep until you finish . met bong instruct another girl to guard loung and make sure she do as she be tell . as loung struggle to get up , the crowd around she slowly dissipate . chou look down , unable to help . she grab the water pail to start to water the garden . ext . child 's work camp garden - early evening to night loung work while the girl eat they dinner , recite propaganda at the nightly lesson ( in the school room if nearby ) , and get ready to go to bed . she do not cry , scream , or beg for mercy . many hour into the night , met bong approach and tell she to go to sleep . without look at she , loung drop she pail and walk in she hut . omitted ext . child 's work camp - morning monsoon season begins loung work the field with other girl . month have pass and with increase food ration loung and chou be still slim but they have grow stronger and seem healthier . loung 's foot in the muddy water , loung 's ankle and toe start to itch . she lift one foot out of the water and react . there be fat black leech on she ankle . loung pull out a stalk of grass . her hand hold both end of the stalk , and she swipe the grass down and around she ankle . the leech fall off onto the ground , leave she ankle bleed . she tie she pants tight around she ankle . from afar , met bong scream for she . chou now work in the kitchen . loung see she as she pass and report to met bong. 61a . met bong ( to loung with elation ) you should be happy with yourself . the camp you be go to be for stronger child . there you will be train and help to fight the war . loung try to absorb what have just be tell to she . 62 . ext . child 's work camp - morning at the break of dawn , loung pack she clothes and food bowl . hook they elbow together chou and loung walk towards met bong . the girl hug wrapping they arm tightly around each other . loung can feel chou 's tear wet she hair . met bong announce it be time for everyone to move . ( discuss other way to show affection that be more suitable under kr ) chou refuse to let go of loung 's hand . with all she strength loung pull she hand away and move to catch up with the other . she can not look back . loung hold back she tear and lift she head brace herself for what 's to come . ext . child soldier training camp - day met bong lead loung and two other to another camp a half a hour 's walk away . when they arrive , loung notice in many way it seem similar in set up to the old camp . met bong pass they off to met srei . ( try a full camp bokotor training as the new girl arrive . ) the new work camp be surround by forest . all around be hammock in tall palm tree that sway lightly in the wind . some boy be training . one look at she and smile , smiling boy . he look about twelve year old , have a round face , black wavy hair , and a small , dark sinewy body . this familiar gesture of human friendship be one that she have become so unused to . she smile slightly and turn she attention back to the camp . the camp be make up of about ninety girl and boy , they age range from nine to fifteen . loung be one of the young one . in this camp I suggest to have 2 group of child , gather accord to they age . met srei manage the group of girl like loung and a boy , met prem lead the unit of 13 - 16 boy - only boy . there could be a unit of young boy too and a unit of young girl . but they all be separate when they sleep , when they eat ... ext . child soldier training camp - night loung 's first night at the camp , the two group gather around a roaring bonfire to listen to the latest propaganda . met srei stand before they preaching the message . 63 . met srei we owe everything to angkar ! we be strong because of the angkar . loung join the other in the obligatory fist in the air . all chevo ! chevo ! met srei youn be like the devil and some refuse to die . we must use we knife and spill they inside into the dirt . smash the yuon agressor who devour we country ! down ! all down ! down ! down ! baratchey ! brarchey ! as if possess by powerful spirit , she arm shaking furiously at the sky , they lip move faster and faster as she spit word about the glory of the angkar and the unbeatable khmer soldier . the child 's furor match that of the met srei 's . met srei Long live the courageous , invincible Revolutionary Army of kampuchea . all cheyo ! cheyo ! they thunder in appreciation . loung look at the sea of fist in the air . ext . child soldier training camp - night when the speech be over , the circle open up and the kid gather to one side of the fire . four boy get up from the crowd , with mandolin and homemade drum in hand . they stand to the side of the crowd and start to play they instrument . they beat the drum and strum the mandolin while they foot tap the ground . five girl walk up to the front and stand face the crowd . all be wear beautiful black shirt and pants , not the fade , gray - black loung have on , but shiny and new , with bright red scarve around they waist . they wear red ribbon across they forehead with red fake flower make of dyed straw . form a line , they sing and dance . 64 . all the song be about worshipe the powerful leader of the angkar , pol pot , the glory of angkar society , and the unbeatable khmer soldier . later - they dance scene depict farmer at work , and a song about a woman soldier hide she knife in she skirt and thrust it into the heart of a youn . it have be year since loung have hear music . watch the girl sing and dance , a strange feel come over loung . though the word they sing describe image of blood and war , the girl smile . they hand move gracefully in unison , they body sway and twirl to the rhythm of the music . flashback - a traditional dance from before the war . gold bracelet and headpiece glisten ( possibly also chou dance at home ) - flashback end the dance continue . loung watch the girl full of grace and movement . ext . soldier camp loung be give a new uniform and a hammock . she prepare for she first night alone . ext . child soldier training field - day loung wear a new soldier uniform and green cap on she first day of bokotor training . ( kid nearby possibly sharpen stick , she join later in the day ) ext . child soldier training camp - morning dry season begins loung train bokotor . she be more use to it now and have gain a bit of weight . she look over and watch the boy bayonet fight training . 65 . ext . child soldier training camp - day depend on they size and age , the child be give different job and training . loung sit with a group of girl sharpen stick and building trap . ext . child soldier training camp - dusk the child be gather around the fire . loung stare at the flame . training officer it be very easy to train someone to use weapon but to train a mind be more difficult . you must follow order without hesitation . loung look at the face of the other child listen . they big brown eye glow by the light of the fire . met srei lead the child in propaganda song . loung must sing along . int . child soldier training camp - night loung climb into she hammock . she look around at the girl she life with . no one be a friend . no one can replace she family . she see two girl sleep near each other . she miss chou . ext . child soldier training camp - day the smiling Boy be there and this time loung smile back . met srei call the other child to she . they all come together in the center of the camp . met srei stand up and disappear , only to return moment later with a armful of tool . they clang noisily as she drop they in a pile in front of they . met srei all this tool you already know . but in the hand of fighter , they be weapon of war . the machete cut . the hammer smashes . ( be the sickle ) the point of the sickle can pierce a person 's skull . 66 . met srei pick a rifle from the pile , the same kind loung have see many time before on the shoulder of the khmer rouge soldier . met srei ( cont 'd ) this weapon be very expensive . it be easy to shoot . met srei call loung up from the group . she put the rifle on she small shoulder . its butt dig into she chest . met srei then instruct she to sling one arm over it , balance its weight with she arm . loung do this easily but against she will . she then take the rifle and slip the strap on loung 's shoulder . the rifle hang on she back a foot from the ground , its butt bounce lightly on she calf . loung focus on it , realize that this be the weapon that make Kim bleed the same weapon that smashed into he skull . she have flash of that memory . her hand shake slightly , but she steady it by clutching the stock tightly until she knuckle turn white . met srei ( cont 'd ) you extend leave hand hold and balance the rifle . you right hand aim and squeeze the trigger . she call each child one by one and teach she how to hold the rifle . loung watch . ext . child soldier training camp - day loung and other in a class to lay land mine . she look up and see some of the boy gather together as they march out of the camp and off to war . smiling Boy be there . he 's not smile this time . ext . tree - morning Light shine through the tree . suddenly we see movement . the girl appear and disappear as they practice manoeuvre . omitted ext . child soldier training camp - night am loung sit in fear . 66a . the sky be dark and cloudless , allow the full moon to shine through , give everything a eerie , silvery glow . 67 . the cool wind blow quietly . all be quiet , except for the cricket . the night sky loom ever more black in front of she . something rustle loudly in the tall grass . she hold she breath and look around the compound . her heart race . the tree trunk expand and contract as if they be breathe . the branch shake and swing , transform into hand . the grass sway like wave head toward she . loung clutches she weapon to she chest . her eye scan the tree . ext . child soldier training camp - morning monsoon season the ground be wet . the child train . the young girl , cover in muddy water run in pattern . it almost look like they be play but on closer investigation , they be be teach to run in zigzag line when in battle . be teach to dodge bullet . a comrade yell out and they all drop to the ground and begin to crawl forward . ( practice lay land mine or set trap ) as loung crawl forward she have trouble see through all the mud on she face . she be yell at and push forward . ext . child soldier training camp - dusk the rain fall on loung as she and the other girl finish another hard day in the rain bokotor training . int . child soldier training camp - night the hammock swing in the wind and rain . loung lay awake think of she family . she listen to the rain . ext . child soldier training camp - morning dry season begins . 68 . the sun shine down on loung who appear stronger . she and the other girl train with the few sickle , hoe , knife , stake , and gun that be available in the camp . later — the child eat together . at breakfast , loung hide food in she scarf . omitted ext . child soldier training camp loung 's finger tremble as she button she black shirt . she run she finger through she greasy hair to smooth it out . omitted - content merged into scene 259 ext . child soldier training camp - morning loung pick up she pass from met srei . met srei spend a few hour with you sister then come back immediately . she walk out the gate of the camp . ext . road - day follow the same path she take a year ago , she walk back to ro Leap . when she be last on this road she be a scared little kid . she be no longer that kid . ( possibly pass the labour camp where chou be or the area she separate from Kim ) ext . ro leap - afternoon finally loung see the village . it look familiar yet it 's change . seem there be less people and more starve around the hut . too sick to work now . she stay low and in the shadow . the town square be desert and quiet as she cross it to face the row of hut . her lung expand and contract rapidly . she force herself closer to they hut . 69 . int . ro leap hut - afternoon everything be still there . they wooden rice bowl and spoon . they pile of black clothes . loung search the hide place . she find ma 's blue shirt and the family photo wrap inside . loung ma ! get a bad feel , loung call out again . no one reply . she notice a bowl knock over . she put it on the small shelf . davi 's mother stand in the doorway of the next hut . davi ’'s mother they go with the soldier . the woman say quietly and look away . she stare into the distance , refuse to look back at loung . they both know what it mean when the soldier come to the village and take someone with they . loung stare into the empty hut . they can not have survive three year of starvation and the loss of keav and pa only to be take now ! she fight so hard to live ! she can not be go . poor little geak , she never get anything good out of life . at the sound of a baby , davi 's mother leave . omitted memory of ma sing she to sleep in phnom penh flash before loung . she can not be strong anymore . tear run uncontrollably down she face . her chest compress , she inside gnaw at she , eat away at she sanity . she have to run away , she have to leave . somehow she leg take over and carry she away from the village . her body go weak when she wonder which one the soldier kill first ... her mind project image of the two of they together . her thought of what might have happened - ext . dark forest - night ( or day ) - tbd ma cry softly , she body tense with fear . 70 . suddenly the rattling sound of the rifle go off and bullet pierce through body , silencing they scream . geak move to ma 's slump - over body with she face in the mud . geak be too young to understand what have just happen . she call ma . she touch ma 's cheek and ear , and grab she hair to try to lift she face out of the mud , but she be not strong enough . while rub she eye , she wipe ma 's blood all over she own face . she pound she fist on ma 's back , try to wake she up , but ma be go . holding on to ma 's head , geak scream and scream , not stop to take in any air . second later , a shot , geak too be silence . omitted ext . ro leap - dusk loung walk away from ro Leap deafen by the ringing in she ear . tear pour from she as she drag herself away from the village . her eye flutter , it be as if she be drift away into another place , into the deep recess of she mind to hide from the pain . suddenly , the world become hazy and blurry . it be black all around she , soothing and empty . ext . child soldier training camp - morning stare straight ahead , loung regains conscious think . slap . she be back at camp , stand before met srei . her hand massage she sting cheek ; she taste blood in she mouth . met srei ( demand ) where have you be ? for loung , the world come back into focus . he look at the girl stand around stare . loung I go to see my sister . met srei and stay there for three day ? loung 's eye widen in disbelief . loung I do not know . I do not know where I be . 71 . met srei slap she again . loung almost lose she balance . met srei scream into she face . met srei you will not tell I ? no food tonight and I will reduce you ration until you do . met srei walk away . after she be go , loung walk to the well and pull up a pail of water . drink some , pour the rest over she foot . rubbing one foot against the other , she remove the layer of red mud to expose she small , wrinkle toe . omitted ext . child soldier training camp - morning remain boy practice bokotor . early morning met srei take she old clothes and stuff they with leave and straw to make dummy . the head , she stuff she red checker scarf with straw . she then line up the girl single file across from the dummy . with a six - inch knife in hand , loung stand at attention . pant like a animal , with she leg shaking and she hand grip the knife , loung attack at met srei 's cue , charge at she dummy . though she be focus on its head , loung be only tall enough to thrust she knife into its stomach . she stab it over and over again . now she no longer have to pretend to be a orphan . ext . muddy field - day Wide of the field . mound of earth . it appear empty . suddenly muddy girl rise up from they hide place and run forward . each hold a point stick in they hand . ( possibly a few stick to lay like trap ) loung run through the middy field . she be cover in mud . she be fast . angry . she push another little girl to the ground . she run drop to she belly and crawl as if possess . ext . child soldier training camp - night JANUARY 1979 71a . hugging she rifle to she chest , met srei pace back and forth . 72 . met srei they will kill you if they catch you . you must protect yourself in anyway you can . Long live the glorious cambodian revolution ! Long live the great people of kampuchea . fist in the air . loung with ferocity . she seem older . something in she face have change . all cheyo ! cheyo ! cheyo ! int . child soldier training camp - night that night none of the girl can sleep as they listen to explosion of mortar and rocket in the distance . after a few hour of shelling , all be quiet again . then without warning , a mortar explode near they base , blaze the sky white like lightning . loung scream and cover she ear with she hand just as another mortar whistle and hit the camp . tree burst into flame . scream and wail , the girl try to escape before fire consume they . the girl run and crawl away , they face black from smoke and they eye white with terror . many be drip blood from they arm and leg where shrapnel slice through they skin . loung head away as the fire spread everywhere . girl 's voice do not leave I ! I be hit ! help I ! loung look to see a girl lie in a pool of blood . propping herself up on she elbow , she beg for help . she be shaking and shiver . the other girl do not stop . see loung look at she , she hold out a bloody hand to she . Fire spread through the camp quickly , debris fall everywhere . loung be much smaller than the girl . loung scream and cover she ear as another mortar explode nearby . panicked , she turn she back on the girl and run away . the girl continue to scream long anguish cry as flame engulf the camp . all the girl head off in different direction in a desperate bid to escape the camp . in the dark , the straw wall and roof combust into yellow and orange flame , illuminate the red face of girl run away . 73 . ext . road - night on the road , loung find herself crowded among hundred of people walk amid desert town and village . automatically , she body take control of she foot and veer she in the direction of she chou 's camp . ext . child 's work camp - night the camp be dark and empty when loung get there . loung ( desperate ) chou ! chou ! loung circle around the compound , but chou be not there . the camp have be evacuate . penn animal panic as fire surround they . ext . road - night loung run back out into the traffic , not know what to do next . all around she the people move like a herd of cow . not know what to do . she be afraid . she feel a hand grab she shoulder . it 's Kim . he 's alive ! chou be with he , hold on tight to he hand . loung 's never be so happy ! kim come , we have to leave quickly . Kim grab loung 's hand and they head back onto the road and into the traffic . Kim be once again in charge of the family . as other people carry they pot , pan , clothes , food , and other belonging on they back or in they wagon , Kim carry a backpack with a few clothes in it , while chou and loung hold he hand and walk with only the clothes they be wear . ext . road - night to sunrise they walk with the sea of people , follow they route . loung lean on Kim . soon the sun rise . in crimson red , golden yellow , and fiery orange , it light up the world around they . in the field , tall elephant grass glisten with morning dew while gray smoke float in to the sky from distant village . the small red gravel road be swarm body to body with people in they black shirt and pants . 74 . the traffic do not stop and continue to move , everybody drag they foot slower and slower . that who cannot move any farther sit at the side of the road , some curl up ina fetal position and sleep . the snakelike traffic push on with the strong able-body man form the head , and the old , young , weak , and hungry trail behind as the tail . ext . bombed house - morning as the sun climb higher in the sky . Kim spot a desert bomb house . chou and loung follow Kim 's lead . ext . bombed house - day alone in the bomb house , all be quiet except for the muffle grunt of pig and cackle of chicken . the villager evacuate in such a hurry that they leave clothes , sandal , and scarve strewn everywhere on the ground . in the communal kitchen , smoke still rise from the ash . chou enter a hut and come out with a few metal pot , aluminum bowl , and the remain few small bag of rice and salt . loung grab three scarve , ( or piece like a jacket for Kim or a scarf for she ? ) . loung make a big bundle with a scarf to balance on she head . chou do the same . loung watch as Kim catch two chicken and lock they wing behind they back . he kill they and hang they to carry . ( could be just one and may carry live ) omitted ext . road - day bundle in hand , they walk back out to join the mob of people . not know where they be go , they follow the traffic . Kim notice something on the road . he point it out to the girl . a anti tank mine . half bury on the road . loung look at it as she carefully walk around it . later - they pass a land mine that have explode . nothing but a hole in the ground and the remain of the blood from the victim who be drag away . now she be constantly look down at the road . terrify . there be gunfire in the distance . 75 . hour later loung stop and stare straight ahead . her heart pound so loudly . before they walk three man dress in green clothes . they leg move in long , casual stride and they rifle swing on they back . '' youn , '' the traffic hum and whisper . loung be surprised as she be tell they be like monster . in fact they be the same size as khmer man and be similarly build . they do not look like the devil met srei say they be . the vietnamese walk toward they and raise they hand in greeting . loung search the ground for weapon - a staff , sharp rock , anything she can use to fight they . all eye focus on they as they come nearer . people gasp when , in the next moment , one vietnamese smile . vietnamese soldier ( in break khemer ) chum reap sour . ( hello ) there be a rest area ahead in pursat City . at last , they have a destination . loung , Kim and chou carefully walk past the soldier . still not feel completely safe around he . they walk on . ext . internally displace area - late day loung see the area . it loom like a small village before they , flicker and sway in the haze like a mirage . many people be very thin . that who be not in labor or soldier camp be near dead . next to the tent , woman prepare food ( catch snake , frogss or chicken ) , blow and stoke the fire , cough as the smoke find they face . the vietnamese be all around , weaving through the labyrinth and patrol the area with rifle on they shoulder and grenade attach to they belt . Kim pull at loung 's arm and gesture for she to hurry as she begin to fall behind . they pass through the crowd , search for a empty spot to make they home . Kim , loung , and chou settle under a tree at the edge of the area with a few other orphan . 76 . ext . internally displace area - late day loung Kim and chou pluck the chicken . ext . internally displace area - dusk finally chou announce they be do . Kim break off a leg , scoops up a bowl of rice , and hand it to loung . with they plate in front of they , they eat in silence . they notice a couple orphans stare . chou whisper to Kim and he invite they to share what little chicken they have . ext . internally displace area - day a day in the area - add detail . chou and loung prepare a snake ( with a knife they find at the abandon house ) . Kim prepare a fire . survival . some cooking frog or spider . some people die , have be starve too long . later - Kim bring over a small water bucket . Kim , chou and loung help each other clean up . chou wipe mud off loung 's face . she then run she finger through she hair to '' brush '' it . chou then walk up to Kim and pull stray thread from he shirt . ext . internally displace area - night chou spread out they scarf and lie down . with she in the middle , Kim and loung huddle closely on either side of she . Kim hook a bundle through he arm while loung do the same to she bundle . they pull ( kim new jacket ? ) over themselves . all around they people be sleep , eat , or sit quietly together . many who have little strength leave be assist the sick . loung look over to the side and watch a family sit together , eat they meal . it be a family of five , parent with three boy , from perhaps five to ten year old . the father scoops rice and hand it over to he youngest child first , then he do the same for the other . the mother reach over and wipe the child 's nose with she finger , then quickly wipe she hand on she skirt . loung look at the father kind eye . she see how much he love he family . she miss pa. 76a . loung turn away . gunfire can be hear in the distance . 77 . int . internally displace area - day loung and chou wash and hang they laundry . memory int . phnom penh apartment - morning flashes - New Year 's morning , keav , with big pink , yellow , blue , and green prickly plastic roller in she hair hold in by a hundred small black bobby pin stick up everywhere like porcupine quill , as she comb loung 's hair and tie it in ponytail . next to she on the bed , chou work on get geak dress . after keav finish with loung 's hair , she put red rouge on geak 's lip and cheek . on they bed , they bounce with glee as they mattress squeak . color and pretty clothes and laughter . memory end a ax chop wood - ext . wood - early morning loung , Kim and chou gather firewood . loung step on something that look like a brown twig but it slither away give she a small fright . loung rub she tired eye , yawn , and adjust the rope she bring to tie the firewood , slinging they over she shoulder . chou walk ahead with the ax in she arm . ext . internally displace area - dawn february 1979 the sound of morning . the mass of small makeshift settlement for displace family be all silent . Men in green patrol the area . 78 . ext . internally displace area - dawn suddenly loung awaken to the sound of a loud explosion . she bolt upright , she ear ringing from the blast . she hear a shrilling whine before another rocket rupture nearby . the child scream at the top of they lung , clamber around the campsite . loung , chou , Kim and the orphans move . ext . internally displace area - continuous - dawn the earth shake violently as crackle yellow , orange , and red flame devour a nearby hut . Gray smoke float to the sky and white ash fall on they like powder . ( if no hut then ember from a blast . to be discuss ) loung watch as all around she people cry and scream for help as more rocket rain on the village . Fire engulf the camp and villager rush to evacuate . ext . internally displace area - dawn loung see the man in green fight the kr soldier . both side seem equally frightening to she . loung get separate . she look around everyone look the same . she can not find Kim and chou . she feel panicked . finally , she find they . with they leg shaking in fear , they follow Kim ducking and keep low . ext . river - morning they come to the river and , hold hand , wade into it . the river splashes in wave as hundred of people jump in it at once try to get to the other side . with small bundle on they head or drape on they shoulder and small child hang on they back , the villager wade across the chest - deep stream , desperately reach for safety . loung Kim and chou tuck in to the side of the river bank to avoid the battle that rage around they . re image ajp . she see a young kr fight the vietnamese . it 's smiling Boy . a blast almost knock the air out from loung 's lung . she reach for the orphan boy 's arm , then jerk she hand back as she palm touch something wet and sticky on she . 79 . her stomach churn . loung turn to see he lie facedown on the ground , quiet and motionless . his little brother below he cover in blood . the top of he skull be cave in . a pool of blood slowly seep into the dirt around she head . blood and piece of brain be on loung 's hand . ext . river - morning the battle rage on . loung , chou and Kim be under fire and force to run . ext . forest - morning people be scattered everywhere , soaking wet scream and cry as they run in every direction , bump and push each other . Kim and chou hold hand and run ahead of loung , yell for she to keep up . they do not know where to run to , they just run . ext . forest - morning running as fast as she can , loung jump over dead body . she hear they bullet whiz past she . she run for she life . in front of she , a man fall from a bullet . his body stop mid stride , he chest jerk forward before he fall to the ground . many people get hit and drop one by one to the ground all around she . some lie still while other crawl on they elbow try to reach safety . loung see a man throw into the air as the ground explode beneath he . land mine . she keep run . a woman with child stand scream . another woman run knock into she and the ground beneath they explode . loung run stare at the ground . what can she do ? bullet from behind , land mine underneath . she hold she breath and move forward . ( possibly move forward slowly because of mine . could discuss slow motion as world blow up around she and she heart beat ) Minutes later - after she catch up with chou and Kim , they see a old remnant of a tree stump . it stick out of the ground three foot tall by four foot wide . they crouch behind it . 80 . ext . tree stump - day chou cover she ear with she hand and squeeze she eye shut . Kim be white , lean against the tree for support . they stay there for what seem like hour until all be quiet again . later - when they believe it be safe , they come out from behind the tree stump . loung watch chou and Kim trudge ahead , they eye focus on the ground . there be smolder remain of bonfire give off the stench of burnt human flesh all through the village . trails and puddle of blood stain the area . her eye be on the ground wherever she go , steering clear of anything that look like a grenade or land mine . they try to step into the footprint of other . ext . border camp - day a month or so later . they have move with other up to a more mountainous region where it be safe . chou and loung at the river . life be return . we can see that aid relief be beginning to trickle in . ext . border camp - day Kim arrive at the site all flushed and out of breath . as he explain this , loung hear every other word kim ( out of breath ) a khmer rouge soldier . they catch he . ( point ) they be take he up there . Kim sit to catch he breath . loung pull chou with she . she want to see . chou resist . loung head off on she own . ext . border camp - day loung make she way towards the sound until she close in on a mob of people . 81 . they body block she view of the prisoner . she try to shift she body to find a open space but she cannot . frustrate , she wedge she small body between theirs and push she way through . she be in the middle of the crowd , surround by people . she can not see anything . she look up to the face of the adult who be all look in the same direction . some be stare at he overwhelm with emotion , unable to speak . some be full of rage . finally , she see a clear between people 's leg . she try to push she way through , but they be so engross in what 's go on that they do not move . determined , she get on she hand and knee , and crawl through the brown forest of leg up to the front . there he be . loung stand and find herself almost face - to - face with he , separate by only ten foot . automatically , she raise she scarf to cover she head and face . her heart beat wildly . fear seep into she body . she peek over she scarf . he be look at she . she take a step back , lean into the crowd for protection . the crowd vibrate with anticipation and energy , close in around the prisoner . loung 's hand close into fist . the man face reveal nothing . his lip do not beg for mercy . he sit propped up on a high back chair on a gravel hill that serve as a stage . he be dark and wear the black clothes of the khmer rouge . a rough hemp rope that bind he foot together . more rope strap he to the back of the chair , it coil around he from the chest down to the stomach . crowd murderer ! loung stare at he full of hatred . loung watch as sweat stream down he adam apple . he bend he head , look down at he foot again , know there be no way out . many people be wail and accuse the man of kill they love one . begging he to answer for he crime . a woman , cry loudly , push she way to the front of the crowd . she be young , in she mid twenty . like loung , she wear the khmer rouge clothes . though tear fall from she eye , she face be angry . woman ( shaking with emotion ) I know this soldier . he kill my husband and my son . I know this man . 82 . tear in she eye . in she hand she hold a weapon , its wooden handle wear and splinter . loung no longer listen . she be fixate on the prisoner . he look up briefly when the woman come forth , but now he be back in position , head down , eye to the ground . loung watch as the woman walk up to he , she weapon in hand . she stand in front of he , stare at the top of he head . loung want to shield she eye from what 's about to happen , but she can not . the woman 's hand shake as she raise the weapon high above she head . ( flash of PA be hit . ) the woman raise she weapon again . the crowd be silence . a older woman reach for she to stop she . she push she away . a man step forward angry and be hold back by another . there be pain and chaos . scream and tear . blood splatter the woman 's clothes , and face . she scream and swing the weapon up above she head again . ( flash of loung with a weapon . a surreal moment ) blood droplet land on loung 's pants and face as she stand watch . loung watch as the prisoner leg jerk but be hold down by the rope . the khmer rouge body convulse and tremble , as if electricity be travel to the leg , arm , and finger . the older woman grab she and hold she . she regains she composure . the older woman speak with passion about how the cambodian people will not be destroy by this . that she will not become hateful like the kr . then the woman drop the weapon and they begin to walk away . when they turn around , loung see that she look like death herself . her hair trickle blood and sweat , they clothes drip , she face red and rigid . ( flash cut between loung and the woman ) the woman be quiet as the crowd part for she to pass through . moment later - one by one , people return to they home , leave loung stand there alone , stare at the kr soldier . he look back at she . loung 's fist open . she no longer want to fight . 83 . ( this be one of the most important cinematic moment and will be held on for a lot of screen time to make the point and be a image burned into the mind . the daughter of cambodia and the beaten kr soldier . blood and silence . ) finally , loung cry . she let it all come out of she . all the loss . all the pain . border camp - early morning 1979 Sun rise over the large camp . loung watch a young man who be a victim of a land - mine month ago . now he help to build a small hut . she be in awe of he strength and agility with he loss of limb . she look around the camp . some people have already change into colorful clothes . more plastic tent . ext . border camp - early morning Light rain fall on loung 's small frame . still in she old black pants , she wear a new colorful shirt . her hair be now longer . she ball up a handful of rice and roll it into a banana leaf . she walk over to a woman sleep alone under another tree . a small child lay nearby . she lay it down in front of she as a silent gift . ext . border camp - morning like in the open she walk and see she reflection . this time in the pond . she walk on towards a tree . she climb up a tree . she look across the camp . she look down at she foot . so much have change since she day in phnom penh . loung hear Kim and look up . she see Kim walk towards she with two man . afraid , she jump down and take a step back . she can not see clearly . chou be also stare at the man . as they come closer they realize it be meng and khouy ! chou run to they and jump into khouy 's arm . loung find herself feel shy , and stand stiff and awkward . meng kneel before she . he smile and muss she hair just like he use to . her heart soar quickly at the touch of he hand . he be real - not a figment of she imagination ! 84 . her brother be alive . the five remain member of the family embrace each other . they have survive . we hold on loung 's face . she smile . the end a shot of the real loung , chou , Kim , meng and khouy walk together in Cambodia . they be in a beautiful temple . we pan to the face in stone . the face that look like pa - in memory of the two million people who perished under the khmer rouge and for that who survive Close on loung and chou smile at each other . end credit