five feet and rising by Peter sollett five feet and rising by Peter sollett fade in : ext . 8 th STREET between avenue C and D - day a group of dark -skin girl wear cheerlead outfit align themselves in formation on the sidewalk . they begin to dance . no music can be hear . the sound of the girl ' body be we soundtrack . we hear they strain breathe , palm and sneaker bottom pound while they hum and count softly to themselves in a effort to keep the rhythm . slo - mo : we explore the body of the dancer ; they bright eye and sweaty brow , they stomping foot and collide hand ( dark side and light side ) . the young girl perform provocative dance movement , the older girl repeat they . they body silhouette in the bright sunlight . CUT to : title ext . amanda' block - day amanda , a tall 14 - year- old exit the front door of she apartment budd with she headphone in one hand and a magazine in the other . she sit down on she stoop , put she headphone on and press " play " . we can hear the sound of salsa leak out of the side of she headphone . jenette , ten year old with big black hair in rubber - band restraint , sit on the sidewalk below amanda draw with a piece of chalk . jenette look over she shoulder and see amanda read she magazine jenette climb the stair and sit down beside she . the camera pan to reveal aaron , a 18 - year- old boy on the other side of the street , unload some firework from the trunk of a car . he 's fill a paper bag with they , carefully make sure not to reveal what he 's do to onlooker . at the ear end of the block , donna , 14 , and michelle , 12 , sit and watch Aaron at work . michelle how do he look up close ? donna ( amorously ) umm , he get dark brownish eye , he get a nice nose I love he nose . I love he skin . I love he lip , he get a great smile and he get - michelle a bad attitude . donna yeah , he get a bad attitude . michelle you say before , that he get box ? slo -mo : the camera be very close to Aaron . detail of he body in a shallow depth of field . donna yeah , he get box in he stomach . he 's taller than I . michelle how old be he ? donna I think he 's 18 or 17 . michelle you gonna talk to he ? donna um , yeah I think so . back on amanda 's stoop . jenette you still like he . amanda ( with a sigh of negative attitude ) no . hector , a mature - look 13 - year old be crossing the street . he enter frame with amanda and jenette . hector yo , wuzzup . amanda ignore he . jenette hi hector hector ( to amanda ) oh , you be not gonna say hello . amanda' Pov : donna approach Aaron as he lock up the trunk of the car . she hesitantly call over to he . he acknowledge she with a lift of the chin . make sure he keep he distance from she , he look around to see if anyone be watch he . he toss he head for she to follow . he begin to walk away down the block . she follow . hector be look at amanda . he appear to have run out of thing to say . amanda remove she headphone . her music become clearer , more audible . hector yo , you gonna keep I hangin ' like that ? amanda hector , yo try to rap to I every day , why do not you take you three - quarter retarded ass outta here ? hector yo , you betta give I my respects or I will tell you little girl ova here what I hear about you and my boy . amanda put she headphone back on . hector look like he get a new girl anyway . ext . 8 th STREET between avenue C and D - afternoon victor , a skinny 12 - year - old with sloppy hair , be asleep in the sun on he fire escape . there be sweat bead up on he body . his shirt be roll up behind he head like a pillow . his breath be heavy , he chest rise and fall . the camera tilt to reveal carlo , ten , round the corner on the street below . the camera track backwards as carlos approach . he be talk to himself . carlo ( to himself ) whatcha gonna do when ya bitch be untrue ? carlos lift he head up to look at the fire escape . carlo yo Victor ! the camera pan and tilt up to the fire escape . the building float by . he arrive in front of Victor 's building and cup he hand around he mouth . carlo yo Victor ! on the fire escape , Victor 's eye pop open and the sun shine into they . victor ( daze ) what , wuzzup ? Victor sit up and look over the side of the fire escape . carl0s come down ! victor I can not ! carlo why ? victor I get punish , man . carlo fa what ? victor I will not let my motha cut my hair . carlo wha ' ? victor she fuck it all up ! carlo forget it ! c'mon let 's go to the pool . victor I can not man , I be punish ! carl0s who give ! victor I can not , I be gonna get punish more ! carlo trust I , I always get into trouble , c'mon ! Victor sit down on the fire escape . carlos pause for a minute and turn he back on Victor . carl0s c'mon ! the girl be wait for you ! Victor hop back up . victor ( interested ) they be ? carlo yeah ! tell I which one you would like . to be doin ' nothin on a fire escape or beat the pool with a bunch of girl ? be straight up ! victor I will be right down . Victor climb down the fire escape and hop down to the street . he immediately grab carlos and start push he down the block to avoid be see from above . ext . the corner of 8 th STREET and avenue D - continuous the boy safely round the corner onto Avenue D. Victor perk up and start nudging carlos . victor so what girl be over there ? carlo natasha , Maria , Tina - victor this be the pretty girl you tell I to come down for ? Victor sigh and run he finger through he hair . carlo what 's the difference , you never do anything anyway Victor make a disagreeing gesture . carlos drag Victor downtown . victor what be you go that way for ? carlo I be not goin ' to 10th Street , people piss and shit in that pool , victor where you goin ' ? carlo Pitt . victor oh man , what we gotta leave be ' own neighborhood for ? carlo c'mon . victor man , if I go down you be goin ' down with I . ext . avenue D - continuous montage : Victor and carlos hang on each other as they walk down Avenue D towards the Pitt Street Pool . they pass by Victor brother , give he a impromptu smack and then bang on a store window to wave hello to a friend . from Victor 's Pov we work we way through a crowd of people a cross 3rd Street . Victor look back at the crowd with a watchful eye . the camera track along in the street as the boy walk along the sidewalk . Victor look up at a street sign . it read , " Houston St . " as the boy make they way across the wide intersection , the heat be slightly visible as car exhaust fill the gridlock lane . Victor and carlos walk calmly , with space between they , make they way towards the camera in a shallow depth of field as we follow focus on they . ext . pitt STREET pool - continuous Victor and carlos stand on line outside the pool gate . Police examine the boy as they slowly inch they way into the park . from Victor 's Pov we see the expanse of the pool as he enter the park . we watch as he survey the area . from a high angle we see carlos nudge Victor to make he way onto the pool deck . they enter the crowd , proceeding carefully , make sure not to bump anyone . as they continue to walk , Victor 's Pov reveal the body of older boy and girl , rough water and mischievous kid . ext . pitt STREET pool - continuous amanda be sit poolside with jenette . amanda and that girl , over there ? hoochie . jenette look out across the pool try to see who amanda be talk about . amanda and he . stay away from he , he 's only interested in that . amanda point between jenette 's leg . amanda that right there . carlos step in front of they , amanda smack he leg . carlo yo amanda , wassup ? they kiss on the cheek . carlo ( to Victor ) amanda be Eddie 's cousin . victor Eddie from compost ? carlo no , baruch . a girl swim in the pool call over to carlos . girl 1 carlos ! carlos , get you skinny ass over here ! carlo ( to Victor ) stay right here , I will be right back . carlos walk off leave Victor stand next to amanda and jenette . Victor look uncomfortable . amanda who be you ? victor I be wit' carlos . amanda point out across the pool . amanda ( to jenette ) him right there , that 's who I be talkin ' about . ( to Victor ) Excuse I , can you move , I can not see . amanda spot Aaron and donna in the distance . amanda do you have a name ? victor Victor . amanda what ? victor Victor . amanda turn to jenette and continue talk to she . victor umm , I be gonna go find carlos . as Victor turn to walk , the camera pan to follow he , revealing hector who be approach amanda . the camera then pan back to amanda . she sigh and turn she ahead away from he . ext . pitt STREET pool - continuous in the playground area at the Pitt Street Pool , Aaron be do a ' impression of Al pacino . darrell and Boy 1 look on . aaron ( to Boy 1 ) you wanna meet my little friend ? Boy 1 be laugh at Aaron . donna and Michelle stand nearby watch . aaron do not fuck wit ' I ! do not fuck wit ' I . ( point he finger ) my lawyer 's so good he will have you workin in Alaska , so dress warn . donna Aaron , how you doin ' ? aaron Fine . donna look at I . aaron what ? donna why you have a attitude for ? aaron not now , I be busy donna God , I just wanna speak to you . I just wanna speak to you the way I feel about you . aaron hurry up , you be wastin ' my time , what the fuck . Aaron turn back to he friend . donna please do not scream at I . I like you , but I do not like the way you attitude be . aaron so get the fuck outta here . darrell and Boy 1 approve . they wait for donna 's reply . donna I wanna go out with you , I want to be part of you life . I want you to treat I the way a girlfriend should be treat . aaron then do not go out with I . donna for once in you life have some respect for I , do not even curse at I or nothin' . aaron ( to darrell ) now she 's tellin ' I what the fuck to do . donna God , you drive I crazy . I just want you to know how I feel and you do not understand . aaron just get the fuck outta here . donna stare at Aaron as he turn back to he friend . Michelle walk up to donna and gently lead she away . aaron that girl be trippin' . ( back into he pacino impression ) one time I let she kiss my ring and forever she try to repay I ! ext . pitt STREET pool - later Victor and carlos be play , try to force each other ' head underwater . carlos squirt water through he lip . victor I gotta go take a piss . carlo if we be at 10th Street Pool you woulda do it right in the water , right ? the camera pan as Victor climb out of the pool and onto a long line . as he stand and wait , amanda can be see in the background argue with hector . in the water , carlos make a face at Victor . Victor make one back . victor ( under he breath to carlos ) I be gonna beat you . ext . pitt STREET pool - continuous hector and amanda have be argue . jenette be sit on the ground beneath they . hector I know you like I . amanda I eave I alone ! hector why do not you share the wealth a little bit ? hector grab she wrist . amanda Excuse I ! I gotta go to the lady ' room ! ext . pitt STREET pool - moment later amanda get on line behind Victor as he continue to antagonize carlos in the distance . amanda recognize Victor from behind , peek over he shoulder at the side of he face . amanda Shorty ! Victor turn around to amanda . amanda wussup ? victor wussup . he turn back around . amanda yo shorty ! Victor turn back around . victor what ? amanda hear something over she shoulder and spin she head around . amanda ( to hector ) leave I alone ! ( to Victor ) yo , I know another bathroom over there , c'mon this line 's too long . amanda take Victor by the hand and walk towards hector . she bump into he with Victor . amanda Excuse we . amanda give hector a snotty grin . she drag Victor away . ext . pitt STREET pool - continuous in a small corner , out of sight to the rest of the kid at the pool . amanda complain to Victor . Victor look confuse . amanda this fuck guy be followin ' I around , and touchin ' I . asshole ! she sigh and pull on the bathroom door . it 's lock . she give it another try . it will not budge . amanda look , just do I a favor . stand right here , okay ? amanda take Victor 's hand for balance and squat down , pull she bathing suit bottom to the side . she urinate . Victor watch she , try to play it cool . the camera tilt up from amanda 's face peek up at Victor , to they hand strain for balance , to Victor 's wander eye . ext . 8 th STREET between avenue C and D - day Close - up of erica look into the camera . erica we be " fantasy " and this be shai , diamond - francesca and I be melody . we see the three girl stand in line on the sidewalk . erica and we be gonna sing a song call ' tell I what . ' it be write by myself , diamond and shai and the vocal be arrange by we two . francesca roll she eye . erica also , it be write May 24th 1998 at 10:20 p.m. check it out . the girl begin to sing . carlos stand in front of the singer mock they . the camera pan to see Victor approach carlos . victor wussup ? carl0s wussup , Victor . victor yo , can I talk to you for a minute ? carlos nod he head . Victor lean into carlos , rest he arm on carlos ' shoulder . victor yo , remember from the pool , that girl ? carlo which one ? victor you know , Eddie 's cousin . carl0s Eddie from compost ? victor Eddie from baruch , the one who be sittin ' wit ' that little girl ; carlo the one with the phat ass ? victor no , c'mon , stop playin' . the girl that you kiss when we get there . where 's he live at ? carl0s why do not you ask Eddie ? victor yo , carlos - I be gonna punch you . carlo ( mockingly ) I be gonna punch you . what you want with she anyway ? you in love with she ? victor she life near Eddie ? carlo I think she life down by Pitt . victor near natasha 's ? or over by Boy 's Club ? carlo I think by twenty -two . victor for real ? carlo what you want with she anyway ' Victor start walk off down the block . carlo yo ! what you goin ' for victor ' Cause you know what , you be not suppose to know but yesterday she leat I she pill for she mom and if I do not give them to she she 's gonna die . you want she to die ? carlos shrug Victor off as he walk away down the block . a moment pass . carlo ( to himself ) what do you do when you bitch be untrue ? you cut the hooker off and find someone new . I need another bitch another bitch in my life . ext . lower east side - continuous montage : Victor 's trip through the street in search of amanda 's block . ext . amanda' block - later donna and Michelle be stand in front of they building . michelle okay , merengue , you do like this - Michelle place one hand on she side , the other in the air and begin to step . donna like this ? michelle yeah , that 's right , you get it girl . Michelle grab donna , they embrace and dance . michelle now salsa , you know how to dance salsa ? donna yeah . michelle okay , then dance . show . donna dance . Michelle look over she shoulder . Aaron be drink a bottle of soda across the street . michelle I do not think he 's watch . ext . amanda' block - continuous Aaron sit on a stoop across the street from Michelle and donna he 's shaking up a bottle of soda , then open the cap to let the bubbles out . he 's get a large brown paper bag with he . Victor the round the corner , he eye be scan across the building on the block . aaron yo Shorty , you wanna buy some m - 80s ? victor Nah . aaron twenty - four for two dollar , son , and be not talkin ' no little pussy box , I be talkin ' big one . victor Nah . aaron alright , I will be here , if anything . Victor continue down the block . ext . amanda' block - continuous Victor find jenette sit on amanda 's stoop . she appear to have just come outside as she unty a jump rope that be knotted around she waist Victor stand next to she for a moment wait awkwardly to speak . jenette be ignore he . Aaron watch from down the block . Victor step towards jenette . as he turn to face she , she be roll she sock down to she ankle and prepare to jump she rope . victor hey , little girl , you know a girl name amanda who life around here ? jenette no . jenette stand sloppily in front of he on the street . she say nothing and begin to jump . smic-smac , smic-smac , smic-smack . victor you sure ? she 's get kind of like brown hair . jenette positive . victor you sure ? jenette positive . victor my friend tell I she live around here . jenette you friend must be misinform . victor do not I see you at Pitt yesterday ? a pause . jenette so what do you want with she anyway ? victor I be a good friend of hers . jenette how do I know you be not lie . victor yo , I know what you be think , that I be one of that guy that keep come up to she . jenette probably . ( under she breath ) one of the many . victor what ? jenette nothing . hector approach Victor from down the block . hector Excuse I , can I help you ? Victor do not answer . hector you look for somebody ? victor wha ' ? hector you here to see somebody ? victor yeah . hector who ? victor a girl name amanda . hector what she look like ? victor she 's like this high , dark hair , skinny hector yo , that 's my girl . victor she do not say she have no man . hector I suggest you turn around and go back to where you come from . Victor look over to jenette . no response . hector what be you wait for ? a pause . hector you betta bounce , yo . hector shove Victor away from the stoop . Victor step up to hector . jenette watch they . interested . hector you betta leave the block , yo , or I and my boy , we be gonna fuck you up . Victor look at hector then walk away down the block . ext . amanda' block - continuous Victor round the corner and sit down on the sidewalk . victor ( to himself ) fuck man . I be gonna get a fuckin ' m - 80 and shove it up he retarded ass . ext . amanda' block - moment later christopher , a energetic ten-year-old , exit the front door of he building hold a bat , sit down on the curb and look out at the block . as the camera pan , we see Aaron on the corner talk to mari . Michelle and donna be walk down the block . hector be make he way back over to amanda 's building and jenette be jump rope . Chris rub he eye , turn around and look up at one of the window in he building . CHRIS ( up to the window ) ma ! no answer . CHRIS ma! Mom 's head stick out the window . CHRIS Cross I ! Mom wave she hand , signal to he that it 's safe to cross the street . Chris , pick up a half - deflate football , run into the street . Chris make he way down the block , stomping along in big High -top . he spot Aaron a few foot away . ext . amanda' block - continuous Aaron be sit on the sidewalk crush a soda bottle under he foot . Chris approach and toss the ball to he . Aaron stand up and toss the ball back to Chris , then light a cigarette . Chris wait until Aaron be ready and throw again . aaron it 's too hot , get outta here . ext . amanda' block - continuous Michelle and donna be sit on they stoop . donna I want he to change . I want to get to know the real he and I want he to get to know the real I . Michelle look at donna . a pause . donna it 's so frustrating . I ask he if he 's mad and he say no . ext . amanda' block - moment later Victor be still sit on the sidewalk around the corner . Chris walk by he . victor yo ! you live here ? Chris nod . victor you know amanda ? Chris nod again , smile and throw the ball at Victor . Victor catch it and throw it back . Chris catch it and then start to run away . victor hey , where you goin ' ? Victor start to follow he . victor hold up , yo ! ext . alleyway - continuous Chris slip through a fence to enter the alleyway and Victor enter behind he . a " no trespass " sign hang on the gate . Victor look around a little as they continue they game of catch . as the boy play , the gate creak and swing open . the boy quickly scurry into a out - of - the - way corner . Aaron and donna enter the alleyway . the boy watch they . aaron alright , tell I , what would you hear ? donna there 's a rumor that you be tryin ' to get somebody to beat I up . aaron what chu listen to rumor for ? I be not like that . donna be it true ? Aaron put he bag of firework down on the floor . aaron I tell you , no . I be not that type . donna then I want you to go to whoever 's sayin ' that and tell they to stop . aaron alright . Aaron clear a piece of hair away from donna 's face and put it behind she ear . a pause he gently push she up against the wall . he kiss she forehead . the camera follow as Aaron 's lip make they way to donna 's . they kiss . slowly at first , then deeply . Victor and Chris watch silently from the corner . ext . amanda' block - moment later jenette be siding on the ground , draw with chalk on the side walk . Victor approach she and sit down on the stoop . jenette amanda 's not back yet Victor run he finger through he hair . jenette detail she artwork . she focus intently on she draw jenette ( with she eye lower ) how 's hector ? Victor do not respond . jenette ( to Victor ) so , do you like she ? jenette stare at the sidewalk . victor no . jenette so , then whadda ya want ? Victor stand up to leave . jenette you wanna do something ' with I ? victor not really . jenette hey ! victor wha ' ? jenette make eye contact . Victor make he way back over to jenette . he sit down beside she . jenette 's eye focus back on she draw . jenette where you know amanda from ? victor jus ' from around the way . jenette you live around here ? victor yeah . jenette you gotta girlfrlend ? Victor see Chris kick he football across the street . jenette you wanna be my boyfriend ? Victor do not respond . a moment pass . jenette hector 's a asshole , huh ? jenette look at Victor . she catch he look across the street . jenette ( to Victor ) I know how to get he back if you want . victor ( turn back ) Nah . jenette 's eye drop down to the ground . she quietly begin to sob . she hold she face in she hand . Fake tear . victor what 's the matter ? you alright ? Aaron round the corner of the block with donna . 3enette catch a glimpse of he and start sobbing loudly . Aaron see jenette cry on the ground . he leave donna behind and start walk towards jenette . victor wha ' ? I will do whatever you want . Aaron reach they . Victor look up at he . aaron ( to Victor ) what happen ! jenette cry . Aaron grab Victor 's arm tightly . aaron ( angrily ) ' wha ' happen ? jenette raise she head . jenette hector - aaron what ? he hit you ? she sob and nod " yes . " Aaron scoops she up onto he shoulder and grab Victor by the arm . aaron c'mon . jenette 's chalk be leave behind on the sidewalk . ext . amanda' block - continuous Aaron march they all up the block . hector 's silhouette be visible in the distance as he crank the pedal of a upside - down bicycle . jenette bounce and sob over Aaron 's shoulder as they trot up the block . Victor struggle to keep up as he sneaker begin to skid on the cement . hector see the three of they approach . he raise he arm and point a finger at Victor . hector ( to Victor ) I think I tell you to go home ! Aaron speed up as he approach hector . aaron you hit my sista ? jenette sob in Aaron 's arm as he put she down . Aaron release Victor 's sleeve . smack ! Aaron hit hector in the face . hector fall . Aaron turn and find Victor turn away . aaron ( to Victor ) yo ! get over here ! Victor turn back towards the action . holding hector against a wall , he pull Victor near . aaron ( to hector ) who tell you to touch my sister ? hector I do not touch shit ! smack ! hector be pin against the wall . he try to free himself of Aaron but he be no match . Chris watch from the curb , amused . hector I do not do anything ! hector struggle . Aaron look to Victor . aaron do you see he ? jenette turn she head to Victor . she wipe the tear from she eye . Victor look at hector . a moment pass . Chris play with he bat as he watch . victor yeah . Aaron punch hector in the stomach . hector double over . Chris throw punch into the air . dissolve to ext . amanda' block - late afternoon the sun have drop low in the sky . Long shadow rest on the pavement after a steamy afternoon . amanda 's block be quiet and empty . Chris stroll by amanda 's stoop . he notice jenette 's draw , bend down on he knee and read she sloppy write . " for entrance to secret passage press here . " Chris press he finger into the circle she 's draw . a moment pass . nothing happen . a sound be hear atop amanda 's stoop . Chris quickly walk away . amanda appear through she front door . she sit down on she stoop . Victor be sit on the curb across the street tapping a empty bottle against the pavement . he see amanda . Victor approach amanda 's stoop . victor yo. amanda hi. victor remember I , from the pool ? amanda um. yeah ! Shorty ! a pause . amanda so watcha doin ' ? victor nothin' . amanda what be you doin ' here ? victor I , umm , come to see you . amanda you know somebody around here ? victor no . ( he sigh ) what you do today ? amanda oh you know , clean the house , cook . take care of my little sister . sit down . so where 's carlos ? victor I guess he 's outside someplace I do not like takin ' he down to certain place . Victor sit down . amanda whadja wanna see I about ? victor I just want to see you . a pause . amanda so you get a girl ? victor of course . amanda so what 's she name ? victor you know . I get a lot , more than one . amanda a play -ya . victor you get a boyfriend ? amanda me? no . do not want none either . such bastard , man . a pause . amanda ( quickly ) they play a girl , then you complain , then they play dumb , blah , blah , blah . all that bullshit , whatever I do not want none . I be gonna stay single awhile , you know ? a pause . amanda so wadda you do with you girl ? victor just chill . amanda that 's it ? victor Nah , we make out and stuff . amanda do not believe he . amanda so what you think of I ? victor you look good . amanda I look good , that 's it . so what else do you do for this girl ? victor I buy they flower . amanda how you treat they ? victor good . I be faithful to they . amanda get up and walk away . Victor quickly follow . ext . alleyway - moment later amanda walk through the half - open fence and lean flat against the wall . Victor stand close by , nervously . he keep he distance from she . amanda see , I get you , you be so scared . I do not believe that you kiss no girl . that you get three girl and that you faithful and this and that . victor I do . amanda well , you know I be standin ' here and you say I look good ? victor I kiss that girl . amanda no you do not , you be not provin'it . victor I aint gotta prove nothin ' to no girl , ' cause I get it like that . amanda oh , ' cause you get it like that ? Victor approach amanda . he touch she arm . amanda smile . she take Victor 's hand and place it on she breast . Victor move forward . amanda move he hand over she breast . she wrap she arm around he waist . Victor bend he arm around she back . amanda hiss he on the lip , slowly . a long , deep kiss . as she kiss he she run she hand through he hair . she pull back . Victor look around . Chris be at the entrance of the alleyway , watch they . he be hold he deflate football . Chris look at he for a second and walk away . Chris walk down the block , he bat against the pavement . fade out