five easy piece by carole eastman title sequence : the bach - vivaldi a- minor concerto for four pianos plays over a series of family album photograph . written in careful penmanship beneath each be name identify family member : 1st photo : a man stand in front of the raise sounding board of a piano , play the viola . seat on the piano bench , accompany he , be a woman in a maternity dress : " isabelle and Nicholas " 2 nd photo : a boy of 11 , wear conductor 's tail and hold a raise baton in he right hand as if about to gesture a downbeat : " Herbert kreutzer dupea " 3rd photo : another boy of approximately 9 , in the act of play the violin : " Carl fidelio dupea " 4 th photo : the two boy be now poise behind the piano . seat on its bench be a girl of 6 , she hand rest on the keyboard . written beneath : " Elizabeth partita dupea " 5 th photo : the above family group , seat on the porch of the dupea home . all eye but isabelle 's be face toward the camera . she beam upon a 3 year - old asleep in she arm , he head rest against she bosom . his figure be encircle by the pen 's mark and precede he name be the configuration of a small heart : " Robert eroica dupea " int . music room - dupea home - day bach -vivaldi over : a 7 - year - old bobby sit in a chair , he foot dangle in absent - minded rhythm to a chamber piece play by he father , he two brother and he sister . close on a metronome , mark a slow etude rhythm . the camera move from it to Bobby , on the piano bench beside he mother . as she patiently demonstrate the etude for he , he place a thumb in he mouth and lean against she arm . on the metronome at a andante rhythm . carl and tita , now in they teens , be seat side by side on the piano bench , play four-hand with dazzle virtuosity . the camera move from they to a frame newspaper article on the music-room wall . below a photograph of a 20 - year - old young man be the word : " Herbert kreutzer dupea - Seattle 's youngest Guest conductor . " int . recital hall GREEN room - night bach -vivaldi over : Bobby , at 10 , wear a dress suit . his mother comb he hair with maternal concentration . close - up of a program announce a dupea family recital . the camera scan down the bill , over : sonata in C Major for two violin - bach - play by Nicholas and Carl dupea . like as a lovelorn turtle - hendel - sung by isabelle dupea . rondo alla turca - mozart - play by Elizabeth dupea . piano sonata , Opus 110 - Beethoven - play by herbart dupea . the camera come to rest on : five easy piece - grebner - play by Robert dupea . int . mortuary chapel - day five easy piece , play haltingly over the torso of a line of people move slowly down the chapel aisle . another angle show a solemn procession of the above , filing by a open casket hold isabelle dupea . on the family pew the camera pan from nicholas , seat on the aisle , to the four adult child seat next to he and come to rest on Bobby . his gaze be cast down to he lap , as he refuse to look at : the pale profile of he mother 's face rest within the satin fold of the casket lining , and ... ... as the last of the " family friend " pay they respect : Nicholas step out into the aisle and , follow by tita , Carl and herbert , move down toward the casket . Bobby rise from he seat and make he way toward the aisle , where he hesitates briefly , then turn and walk up the aisle and out the chapel door . title end ext . signal hill oil field - day tammy wynette's " stand by you man " over : the toothe bucket of a back hoe trenches into the earth , then lift up into the air , revealing Bobby in hard - hat and heavy glove , operate the lever . as the hoe swing off to the side and deposit a load of earth into the rear of a truck ... ... a series of shot begin , show Bobby and a fellow hard - hat ( elton ) engage in the dirty and dangerous task of work " crew " with a team of tool - pusher on the derrick of signal Hill . function as servant of the well and its pump , the pull rod , make and break joint on the rig floor , weld tub , carry pipe , climb the " tour , " and play the dozen on beer wagon break . int . bobby's car - signal hill - night above song over : Bobby , still in he hard hat , as he drive . out through the window , the derrick of the Hill can be see , they night - work light on . ext . bobby's car - night song over : following on the car as it move off the Hill into the seamy district adjacent to it , pass by fast food joint , liquor store , all - night porno parlor and neon-light bar . int . bobby's car - night song over : on bobby's face : as he stare out through the windshield , he eye distant , dwelling in a oblivion that blank both the present and past . ext . bobby's car - night song over : the car pull onto a low - rent residential street and come to a stop in front of a small bungalow . Bobby exit the car , move up the walkway to the house and disappear inside . int . rayette' live room - night song over : Bobby , seat on the couch , a can of beer in hand , stare morosely across the room , to : a portable stereo , play the song : wynette ( v.o. ) " and if you love he / oh be proud of he / for after all , he 's just a man ... " rayette dipesto , in a waitress 's uniform with a bowl of beer nut . after place they on the coffee table in front of he , she lean down and kiss he . challenge by a less than reciprocal response , she kiss he more fervently . as she move she lip from he ear to he neck , he lift the can to he mouth and drink . wynette ( v.o. ) " stand by you man / and show the world you love he / keep give all the love you can / stand by you man . " the song conclude , and set aside she ardor for the moment : rayette ( arky accent ) I be gonna play it again ... as she start for the stereo , he take hold of she hand . bobby you be not go to play it again . rayette well , lemme play the other side then . bobby no . again , he prevent she from move to the stereo and pull she down onto the couch . rayette now quit , Bobby . you say you be goin ' a help I pick a song . bobby you say . rayette well , lemme sing the one I pick a ' see what you think ... ( she sing ) " when there 's a fire in you heart / break the glass / sound the alarm ... " he pick up one of the couch pillow and hold it over he ear . rayette oh , you prick ... she pull it from he hand . rayette how ' bout if I just cut off you damn water ? bobby I be too move by you gentility to speak . she immediately soften and try to become more " refine . " rayette sugar , you know how I feel about you , do not you ? I be just tryin ' to get you to take a interest in my kind a thing , a ' what I be tryin ' to do with myself ... ( bring she face close to he ) you know , there id and anything in the world I would not do for you , baby . I start livin ' the day I find you , you know that ? bobby you be play the other side . very hurt , she sit up and look away from he . he finish the beer and hold the can out to she . bobby cerveza . rayette ( grab it from he ) serveza yourself ! bobby now , now . rayette ( she stand up ) no , dammit , I would easy . and , as she turn and go toward the kitchen : bobby but you heal fast . through the open door to the kitchen , rayette can be see open the refrigerator . she take out a can of beer and return to Bobby . rayette ( over the above ) you can play the piano , a ' you whole damn family can play on some type a musical instrument . a ' all I be askin ' be for you to listen to my sing for one single little second ... she hand he the can and sit back down on the couch . rayette but you think you would ? no , you be too damn selfish ... he gesture at the name tag on she dress , and , as we will find he often do , speak in the okie - arky accent he 's learn from work the rig : bobby why 'ot you take 'at sign off you tit , Ray , a ' let 's go on out . rayette out where ? she sit down and begin remove the tag . bobby I do not know , I will holler up elton an' stoney ... she think about it , then move closer to he and begin unbuttone he workshirt , as : rayette I will go out with you , or I will stay here , and do anything you would like for I to do ... if you will just do one thing . if you will tell I that you love I . bobby you can sing the song . rayette ( annoyed ) you know what , you be never satisfied . bobby that 's right , hand . the response make she deeply insecure and she immediately lay she body against he ... rayette oh , now , baby ... ... and initiate another round of kissing . int . bowling alley - night Bobby lift he ball from the return rack , move to the lane and bowl a perfect strike . make a self congratulatory gesture of triumph , he turn back to : elton , seat at the scoring table . his wife , stoney , be seat beside rayette on the horseshoe banquette . as he address rayette , we note that elton 's two front tooth be miss . elton ( okie accent ) you ball , Ray . rayette ( reluctant ) be this suppose to be fun ? bobby go on , get up there ... she rise and move to the rack . bobby ( cont 'd ) ... and stay relaxed this time . pick up ball , she move to the head of the lane and sling it down the alley , watch hopefully as ... ... it roll off to the right and take only one pin . on bobby as she move to she second ball . bobby now do not loft it , just release it like I tell you . on rayette as she bowl the ball down the right -hand rut and come back to the banquette , apologize : rayette the ball 's too heavy for I , honey ... he look past she to stoney , about to bowl she ball . bobby it 's not the damn ball . and as stoney bowl a strike , rayette hug he arm . rayette I be tryin ' , baby , so do not start gettin ' mad now . bobby no , I be not mad at you , hand . it will be all right . just spot and follow through ... and as elton bowl a strike ... bobby ( cont 'd ) ( mumble ) shit . he get up and pass elton on he way to the rack . bobby ( cont 'd ) Nice ball , El . rayette , to stoney as she watch Bobby prepare to bowl : rayette id and he something ' to see ? and as he make another strike and return to the banquette , she get up and throw she arm around he . he return she embrace , smile over she shoulder at : two heavily make - up young woman ( twinky and betty ) take possession of the adjacent lane . ( note that Betty be of diminutive proportion , while twinky be amazonian . ) rayette ( cont 'd ) be it my turn again ? bobby right . now show I a little something ' this time , okay ? give I some form ... he remain stand , watch as she throw another gutter ball and then come back toward he , alibi ing : rayette I can not help it , honey , the ball just keep goin ' cocky wobbly on I ... bobby will you just do what the hell I tell you ... rayette I do , didn ' I , El ? bobby you get another ball comin' . she move to the rack and , concentrate hard , advance down the lane and release the ball . it roll slowly down the center , hit at precisely the right spot and clear the pin . elton Atta boy , Ray ! ecstatic , she come back to the banquette , seating herself beside Bobby and try to solicit a response from he . rayette that be damn good , wad and it ? I finally do it ... bobby yeah , great . ( begin remove he bowl shoe ) why do not you throw Z 's for 19 frame , and then roll a strike on the last ball in the last frame of a lose game ? just wonderful . turn to address the two young woman over the back of the banquette . bobby ( cont 'd ) be not it , lady ? twinky ( point at herself ) be you talk to we ? rayette pull off she rental shoe and throw they to the floor . rayette I be gonna go wait in the car . he stretch he arm out on the back of the banquette as though he intend to reside there awhile . bobby yeah , why do not you do that . she grab she sling - back and she purse and as she get up : stoney wait a I will I go with you , honey ... as she pick up she belonging and follow rayette : elton ( change he shoe ) we gotta get on home a ' relieve the sitter . why 'ot you a ' Ray come on over . bobby okay . go ahead . I will settle up for the beer ... ( hand he the bowl shoe ) a ' walk rayette over with you , will you . elton move off and Bobby , now full of remorse , slump into a depressed reverie . Beyond he , Betty and twinky , can be see , engage in some discussion concern he . a waitress with a tray approach and lean down to he . waitress can I get you anything else ? bobby no . how much do I owe you ? waitress five will do it . he take some loose bill from he pocket and lay they on she tray . she thanks he and move off . as he reach down and pull on one of he boot , twinky approach behind he and lean down over the back of the banquette . twinky we be wantin ' to ask you something . be you the guy on yv ? bobby be I on tv ? twinky ( point lo Betty ) she say you be the one that sell all the car on tv . bobby well , I do not claim to have sell them all . they still have some leave , I believe . Betty appear on the other side of the banquette . betty see , I tell you it be he ... ( then to Bobby ) you name 's donnie something , right ? bobby I leave it to you . betty my name be shirley , but they call I Betty , and she name 's twinky . bobby ( look to twinky ) twinky ? betty ( explain ) yeah , ' cause she 's so " twinky " ... bobby ( look from one to the other ) well , Betty and twinky , it sure be nice talk to you girl . I just wish I have more time ... betty that 's a wig you wear , be not it ? bobby ( touch he hair ) a wig ? betty yeah , I tell she it be you , but that you be wear a wig , ' cause on tv you be mostly bald in the front . bobby ( to twinky ) you little friend 's real sharp there ... ( to Betty ) yeah , I do not like to wear the wig on tv , because with two and a half million people watch you , you have gotta be sincere . I just like to wear it when I be out slippin ' around bowl alley a ' thing like that . I think it give I a little more class , do not you ? twinky oh , definitely ... betty ( look at he hairline ) yeah , but I can see a little bitty of the net up there , that 's what give it away . twinky it 's so weird to see you in person , but that 's who she say you be . betty ( to she ) it be he , he say it 's he . ( to Bobby ) be not you . bobby yeah , you could say it 's I . twinky reach over to the scoring table , pick up a pencil and a score sheet . twinky I be gonna give you we number , donnie , just in case ... ( as she write ) we be both professional , if you do not guess . bobby well , you seem very professional ... twinky ( hand the score sheet to he ) I always tell everyone the same thing . I get roll and beat up real bad recently , and since then it 's two for one , an' I work strictly in tandem with Betty ... he glance at the dwarfish Betty . bobby yeah , I can see how she would come in handy . ext . bowling alley parking lot - night rayette sit sulk in Bobby 's car . he come up to the passenger window and lean down to she . bobby come on . we be goin ' over to elton' . rayette I be not . bobby you just go to sit there ? rayette yes . bobby okay . hope no one hit on you . rayette I hope they do . he casually slap the outside of the door . bobby see you later , then ... he walk off through the lot . on rayette stare out through the windshield . on bobby as he stop and come back to the car . bobby no one would want to hit on you , you look too pathetic . no response . bobby ( cont 'd ) come on , dipesto . we can still have a good time . rayette you be the pathetic one , not I . bobby I be go on over there ... rayette I be not some piece a crap . bobby I know you be not . rayette you treat I like I be . bobby I be sorry . rayette ( close to tear ) you go slippin ' around in front a my face , a ' in front a elton an' stoney . what do you imagine they think a someone you treat that way ... bobby now , hand ... he open the door and get inside , put he arm around she . bobby ( cont 'd ) elton and stoney know how I feel about you . a ' they be just goin ' to think I be not too nice a guy , which I be not , a ' that you be a hell of a person puttin ' up with I , that 's all . rayette you be goin ' a find I dead one time . bobby sssh , come on now ... ( he kiss she ) be a good girl . rayette if you really want a get up a ' leave I , you can read about it in the newsprint . bobby I be not go to get up a ' leave you . ( kiss she again , then : ) now let 's go over to El 's a ' have a good time . rayette do you love I , Bobby ? he hesitates briefly , then : bobby well now , what do you think ? though hardly a undy declaration , it 's close enough to fill she with forgiveness . reaching over , she pull he into she arm . ext . signal hill derrick - day kaleidoscopic series of scene , show elton and Bobby working the rig as part of a four-man team . the driller stand back , give they directive , while the prestigious derrickman , the " star " of the team , lounge around in the b.g. though he have be work the field for some month , it be apparent that Bobby be still somewhat of a novice in the operation of the rig . fade over above action , to : int . signal hill doghouse - day a impromptu card game , take place on a lunch break . ( improvised ) Bobby , in a buoyant mood , lay down a win poker hand and rake in a pile of bill and change lie on the table . the participant include elton and three other toolpushers . in the b.g. , as the game continue , other " hand " can be see change clothes . int . twinky's apartment - night Bobby sit morosely on the couch beside twinky . one of he arm be around she , the other hold a can of beer . both he and twinky be look at ... ... elton , who ride Betty on he leg as both sing " ride a cockhorse to banbury Cross . " she begin to laugh with the hysterical abandon of a child , and elton , nearly beside himself , look over to Bobby . elton God , id and she the cutest damn thing in you life ! ext . signal hill field - day ( elton singing a rank doghouse song over :) remote angle on bobby and elton have be up all night , drink , they move unsteadily toward a derrick and be intercept by the driller as they climb the stair to the rig floor . he inform they they be unfit to work and " impolitely " eighty - six they for the day . ext . bobby's car - freeway - day ( elton singing over :) Bobby 's car slow as it move into a freeway jam . int . bobby's car - freeway - day he gesture out at the traffic as elton , strumm a ukelele , conclude he song . bobby can you believe this shit ? he take a drink from a half pint of bard liquor , then angrily hit at the steering wheel . bobby ( cont 'd ) goddamn freeway ... Jesus Christ ... through the windshield a few car ahead , a truck can be see carry several furniture piece protect by padded cover . elton give them the horn , Bob . bobby look at this asshole ! what the hell be they do ?! ext . freeway jam - day the asshole be go nowhere and other car close up behind and to both side of Bobby 's car . int . bobby's car - freeway - day he suddenly throw the car into " park " ... bobby I can not take this shit anymore . ... open the door and get out . ext . freeway - day on bobby move down the freeway , away from he car . behind , elton can be see slide over into the driver 's seat . another angle as Bobby step up onto the fender of a car , look for the cause of the jam . driver hey , get off my car ! int . bobby's car - freeway - day on elton elton where the hell 's he goin ' ? ext . freeway - day Bobby cut in front of another car and climb up into the rear of the truck . move to the front of it , he look out over the cab . Pov of the glut of car in all four lane . elton hey , Bob ! come on ! quit foolin ' around ! ext . truck - freeway - day on he way out of the truck , Bobby pause to look beneath one of the padded protector , then pull it off to reveal a upright piano . he lean down to the keyboard and play a few note . int . bobby's car - freeway - day elton , amused . elton shit , what 's he doin ' ? ext . truck - freeway - day Bobby have pull the bench out from beneath the piano and , sit himself , begin to play a chopin prelude . ext . bobby's car - freeway - day through the windshield elton can be see applaud he . ext . truck - freeway - day on bobby play as the traffic begin to move and the truck with it . int . bobby's car - freeway - day again , elton lean out the window , yell at he : elton you better get you butt off there , Bob ! come on , now !! ext . truck - freeway - day the right - turn indicator be flash and the truck begin to work its way across the lane . int . bobby's car - freeway - day elton' Pov of Bobby play , as the truck head for a off ramp . on elton honk the horn and flail he arm out the window as he try to cross lane . the traffic close on he right , prevent he from follow . ext . freeway - day angle inclusive of elton hemmed into the left-hand lane , and the truck , with Bobby still play , pull away on the off ramp . ext . truck - long beach street - day ( chopin prelude over :) the truck slow and come to a stop at a signal . Bobby jump out and move to the sidewalk . following with he as he wander , booz and aimless , along the dispirite cheap street of the city . int . diner - late night rayette clear some plate from a empty table and , crossing the diner , see ... ... Bobby enter . as he take a seat at the counter , she go about she task , ignore he . he watch she as she move to the only other customer and total he bill . another waitress appear with a coffee silex . she gesture it at Bobby and he nod . as she pour he a cup , rayette move to the register , deposit some bill , then turn and exit to the kitchen . ext . rear of diner - late night Bobby lean against a pickup adjacent to rayette 's car . she come out of the rear door of the diner , hesitates as she see he , then move past he to she car . bobby I be with elton last night , Ray . maintain she attitude of suffer injustice , she reach to the car door and open it . bobby ( cont 'd ) it 's the truth . he reach behind she and push the door shut . then gently take hold of she arm , he turn she toward he , bring he face close to hers ... bobby ( cont 'd ) rayette ... ... and as she turn away , be begin to kiss she neck . she lower she gaze to the ground , quietly uttering : rayette you son of a bitch . int . elton and stoney' mobile home - night Bobby , elton and stoney be seat on the couch , all look toward the tv , play a old black - and white . rayette be seat on a adjacent chair , hold a infant in she lap , coo and fawn over it throughout the follow . elton I swore to God I would never hire on to this type a work again . Christ , I do not know how the hell I let you talk I into it ... rayette reach over to Bobby . rayette give I a swig , ho and . he hand she he beer and as she take a sip and hand it back : elton you didn ' know I be a derrickman once , do you ? Bobby shake he head . elton ( cont 'd ) down in the southern field , a ' man , do I hate it . an' stoney 's brother be a well - puller , wad and he , honey ? the one with three finger ? stoney ( she eye on the tv ) my brother cruser , yeah ... elton I once hang suspender 90 foot up on a tour , like a damn circus artist ... rayette honey , take at this little bugger . elton near break my damn neck ... rayette id and he the cutest little guy ? bobby very cute ... put it down , a ' let 's go . elton turn to he with a gap- toothe smile : elton you know , you oughta get you one they thing , Bob . on bobby as he stand up ... bobby ( stand up ) yeah ... ( stretch he arm ) a ' I oughta live in a trailer park with my front tooth poke out ... ext . signal hill rig - day on elton seat on the rig floor opposite Bobby , who eat a sandwich , as : elton well , what if she be , Bob ? I can not see nothin ' so bad in it ... Bobby scowl hostilely at he . elton ( cont 'd ) what if I be to let you in on the little fact that she be . he look away from elton , not want to hear . elton ( cont 'd ) that 's right . she tell I . a ' she 's all tore up about it , which I hate a see . on bobby as he continue : elton Hell , id and it just something ' to face up to ? I will tell you , somewhere along the line , you even get to likin ' the whole idea ... on elton elton I recall when stoney first give I the news , I could a shit ... Bobby throw he sandwich onto the rig floor near elton 's leg . he look down at a spatter of mayonnaise on he pants . elton well , id and that nice . bobby ( attack the messenger ) it 's ridiculous ! I be sit here , listen to some asshole cracker compare he life to mine ! he spill out the remainder of coffee from he cup and screw it onto the top of a thermos . bobby ( cont 'd ) just keep tell I about the good life , elton , if you want a see I puke my lunch ! elton reach down and wipe the mayonnaise off he pant leg . elton if you be sayin ' you be something ' better and what I be , that 's one thing . but I can not say much a someone who would run off a ' leave a woman in a situation like this a ' feel easy about it . a ' that 's all I gotta say . bobby I hope that 's all you gotta say , El , ' cause I be about as tired of you mouth as I be workin ' this stinkin ' hole ! he grab he jacket and he lunch bucket , jump down off the rig and begin walk toward he car park by the field Office . in the b.g. , elton get up and hurl he hard hat toward Bobby . elton shit ass !! as he approach he car , he look toward the field Office , where ... ... the driller be lean down to a car with two men in it . on bobby call over to he : bobby hey , longcipher ! I be quit ! the driller gesture a direction to the driver of the car , and as it pull off , he move toward the office : bobby ( cont 'd ) longcipher ! I be talk to you ! the driller open the office door and look back to Bobby . bobby ( cont 'd ) do you hear I ?! I say I be quit ! driller I do not give a shit what you do . you ben more trouble than you be worth , a ' I be damn glad to be rid of both a you asshole . he go into the office and close the door . on bobby throw he jacket and he lunch bucket into he car . as he start to get in , he attention be draw back to the rig . Pov : the car that hold the two man be park next to it , and both man be on the rig platform move toward elton . he back away from they , break toward the rig tour and start to climb it . one of the man catch hold of he leg and yank he back . elton pull loose from he , jump to the ground and begin run with both man in pursuit . bobby hey ! what 's goin ' on ?! he start sprinting back to the rig . the first man have a hold on elton and be struggle to subdue he . he be join by the second man , and as they force he arm behind he back and cuff he wrist ... ... Bobby move into frame , grab onto the first man and wrestle he away from elton . elton do not do that , Bob !! it 's the Law ! Bobby hurl the man onto the ground and turn around to go after the second man , struggle with elton . elton ( cont 'd ) it 's the Law , Bob , do not mix in ! the second man push elton aside and as Bobby throw a punch at he ... elton ( cont 'd ) look out behind ! ... the other grab he from behind , hold he , while the second man jam a fist into he stomach and , as he double over , follow with a violent chop to the back of he neck . Bobby slump to the ground , and as the first man put a knee into he back and prepare to handcuff he : elton ( cont 'd ) hey , do not do that . do not you think you could just leave he ... the second man take hold of elton and start to move he off . elton sure as hell he wouldn ' a do that if he would know who you be ... would you , Bob ? Bobby , daze , raise he head from the dirt , look toward elton . bobby Christ almighty , what 's happen here ? second man okay , let he go . as he start push a resistant elton toward the car , Bobby sit up . bobby tell I what in the hell 's go on , elton ! elton I get accuse a robbin ' a fillin'station down in the indian Nation , didn ' I tell you ... second man come on . elton I get wild a ' jump my bail ... second man move it ! he take he roughly by the arm and move off with the first man follow . elton ( over he shoulder , to Bobby ) a ' here they come runnin ' after I a year later ... ai not that somethin' ? on bobby look toward : the two man force elton into the rear seat of the car , as he call back to Bobby : elton tell stoney for I , will you ?! tell she to come get I ... they close the door on he and get into the car . as it drive off ... Bobby sit watch until it disappear from sight , then he sit back against a pump case and drop he head onto he chest . int . twinky's apartment - night close on twinky's face she open she mouth and rend the air with a keen wail . her face bead with moisture and journey through expression indistinguishable from grief and anguish . presently , a ecstatic and very professional screech issue from she , after which she reach up and pull Bobby down onto she , breathe into he ear ... twinky donnie , oh donnie ... int . recording studio - day ( bach partita faintly under :) Bobby , dress in a suit and tie , move through a network of hallway , check the door number . he arrive at a door designate as Studio a , and , after hesitate for a moment , open it and step inside . int . studio a recording booth - day ( bach partita under :) two recording engineer glance at he without interest and return to they dial and needle . Bobby look from they through the glass partition to the recording studio in view beyond . Pov : elizabeth " tita " dupea be at the piano , intensely into the bach . she wear a monastic-look dress , she unruly hair be pin back from she face , and she glass lie on the bench beside she . on bobby watch she with both affection and appreciation . on tita she be " sounding " as she play , in tone out - of - key and discordant with the bach . first engineer there she go again . Bobby glance over at he , then look back to tita . Pov : she hunch over the keyboard and play a arpeggio , hum a long monochromatic note . second engineer my 1 - year- old can carry a tune better than that . Bobby be about to defend she , when the engineer flip a toggle switch and address the mike feed into the studio : second engineer ( cont 'd ) miss dupea . there be no response and she continue play . second engineer ( cont 'd ) ( more emphatic ) miss dupea . tita ( annoyed ) yes . Bobby can be see in the b.g. , have difficulty restrain he irritation under the follow : second engineer I would like to remind you again , this be not a opera or a musical comedy . tita oh ... I be sorry . be I sing again ? second engineer if you want to call it that . tita well , you have to simply tell I , that 's all . second engineer that 's exactly what I be do , again . tita do you have to let I get halfway through the movement first ? this be tiring I . second engineer I have a suggestion . why do not we take a break . tita oh , for pity 's sake ... she put she elbow on top of the piano and drop she head into she band . first engineer be she go to cry again ? tita I do not want to take a break . second engineer what would you like in you coffee ? she make a mumble response , she head still in she band : tita tea . bobby would you tell she Bobby 's here ? second engineer ( to the mike ) miss dupea , Bobby 's here . she raise she head , squint toward the booth , then grab she glass from the bench and put they on . int . recording studio - day Bobby enter the studio and come toward she , open he arm . she rush into he embrace , bury she face in he shoulder . tita ( very emotional ) oh my goodness ... Bobby ... bobby hi , tita . she raise she head to look at he , and verge on tear : tita Robert eroica ... bobby now do not ... tita no , I be not ... ( take a deep breath , then : ) I be not . bobby that 's good . a new angle tita sit on the piano bench , cry and search through she purse for a tissue . Bobby hover behind she , gently patting she on the back and glance with some embarrassment toward the recording booth . tita I just can not look at you . bobby do not , then . as she blow she nose into the tissue , a young man come into view , hand Bobby a paper cup and leave . tita take another tissue from she purse and dab at she eye . tita you always do this to I . bobby well , I do not mean to . ( set the cup down on the piano ) here 's you tea , tita . tita thank you ... ( then : ) oh no , do not put it on there ... she quickly pick up the cup and place it on the floor . bobby sorry . tita ( caress the piano ) this be a very special , very old cb 275 ... bobby oh . tita you know who it once belong to ? bobby no . tita waldnit von schnechter . prewar . bobby ( politely ) no kid . he sit down on the bench beside she ... tita it have absolutely no objectionable idiosyncrasies ... ... and test it out with a brief flourish on the key . she watch he , then : tita ( cont 'd ) Robert ... bobby ( stop play ) very nice . tita I have to talk seriously with you ... bobby everybody still up on the Island ? tita well , Herbert 's mostly on the mainland because of the orchestra , so at the moment , there 's just daddy , Carl and myself ... and Van oost . bobby who 's Van oost ? tita ( not fond of the subject ) Catherine -- she 's a pianist . she 's work with Carl . bobby Carl 's a fiddler . what 's he do coach piano ? tita well , 11 month ago he be on he bicycle , on he way to the post office in La roche ... and he run into a Jeep and sprain he neck ... Bobby laugh . bobby sprain he neck ? tita laugh , then : tita it 's not funny . he permanently sprain he neck , and since then it 's be extremely difficult for he to tuck the violin . bobby crashes into a Jeep and total he neck . ( shaking he head ) that 's Carl ... tita Robert , I have to tell you something ... bobby what ? tita daddy 's very ill . bobby oh , well , what , what 's he ... tita he 's have two stroke . he look away from she , not want to hear any more . tita ( cont 'd ) he 's not ... they feel he ... maybe he might not recover , and that he will either ... bobby ( stand up ) do not tell I about this ... he move away from the piano and tita turn to look at he . tita but do not you think it 's right , though , that you should see he , at least once ... second engineer' voice ( mike ) we be ready miss dupea . tita ( to the booth ) just a minute , please ! ( to Bobby ) Robert , do not you think it 's right that you should see he ? he move aimlessly about try to subdue he anguish . bobby yeah ... I guess so ... tita I be go back up tonight . will you go with I ? bobby no ... he glance at she , catch she profound disappointment . bobby ( cont 'd ) I would rather drive up myself and ... maybe go into Canada after ... and I can not stay long , tita , probably a week , at the most . tita I know . he look toward the booth . bobby well ... ( then , to tita ) I better let you ... tita wait ... she get up from the bench and go to he , take hold of he arm . tita ( cont 'd ) I will walk out with you ... as they move to the hall door , she address the booth : tita ( cont 'd ) I will be back in two minute ! second engineer' voice cut that in half , will you ? she smile at Bobby as they go out into hall . tita they hate I , I feel . following with they down the hallway . bobby maybe you better stay , then . tita no , I need to talk to you , about so many thing ... bobby well , I will be see you in a couple of day , will not I ? they stop at the stairway . tita oh God , I be so glad , Robert , that you be come ... bobby yeah , I , too ... tita it will be so good for you , and for daddy , because you know , you have never really ... bobby ( cut she off ) tita , I have get to go ... tita all right ... he kiss she . tita ( cont 'd ) okay . feeling herself about to break down again , she attempt a valiant smile and stand watch as ... ... Bobby turn and go down the stair . ext . rayette' house - day ( tammy wynette's " D -I - v-o-r-c-e " over : ) on bobby move from he car , up the walkway and enter rayette 's house . int . rayette' live room - day on the stereo play the above song . on bobby look from ... ... a rumple blanket on the couch , to ... ... a can of beer and a light cigarette burn in a ashtray on the coffee table . bobby ( call out ) hello ?! he cross to a hall and move down toward the bedroom . bobby ( cont 'd ) you have the day off ?! he step into the doorway , to see : rayette , lie in bed , she back against the pillow , stare at the wall . bobby ( cont 'd ) be you sick ? no response . bobby ( cont 'd ) you hear about elton , I guess . she turn she gaze to the window . he look at she briefly , then : bobby ( cont 'd ) okay , I get you point . as he move to the closet : bobby ( cont 'd ) hope you do not strain yourself , get in here and into you pose before I hit the door . he pick up a suitcase from the closet floor , grab some of he clothes from the rack , and , move to a chair , set the suitcase on it and begin pack . bobby ( cont 'd ) I have to go home . my father 's sick . rayette turn on she side , make a snort sound of disbelief . bobby ( cont 'd ) yeah , it 's very funny . he move to a dresser , extract he underwear and return to the suitcase . bobby ( cont 'd ) I will be go two or three week . rayette ( not look at he ) you will be go , period . he close the suitecase , secure it ... bobby I will try and call you from up there . ... and pick it up , move around the bed toward the door . he stop , set the suitcase on the bed and look down at she . she be still face away from he , she shoulder tremble as she weep soundlessly . bobby ( cont 'd ) ( very emotional ) come on , dipesto . I never tell you it would work out to anything . do I ? he look away from she , to the window . bobby ( cont 'd ) I will send you some money , that 's all I can do . returning he gaze to she : bobby ( cont 'd ) and ... I will call you , like I say ... ( he pause , then ) bye , Ray . a audible sob finally come from she . Bobby quickly pick up the suitcase and move out of the bedroom and down the hall . ext . rayette' house - day on bobby's car as he move into view . he throw the suitcase in through the rear window , move around to the driver 's side and get in . int . bobby's car - day he start the motor , angrily throw it into gear and place he hand on the wheel . int . rayette' live room - day bobby's hand slashes at the arm of the record player , pull it across the groove and stifling tammy wynette . bobby do you want to go with I , Ray ? ext . bobby's car - highway - day ( wynette's " when there's a FIRE in you heart " over : ) his car move north along the Pacific Coast highway . int . bobby's car - highway - day ( wynette over : ) on bobby look over at rayette and smile . on rayette she return he look with absolute devotion , then reach over and caress the back of he neck . ext . bobby's car - inland highway - day ( wynette over : ) out past Bobby 's profile , to a Southern California pastoral landscape pass by . int . bobby's car - big sur country - day on rayette sing the above song . rayette " there 's be hot spell / a ' cold spell ever since we meet / I have see you small fire / you big fire / but I will not give up yet / oh someday you will yearn / ' Cause you heart 's gonna burn / for that old familiar glow / you will be burn ... " Bobby laugh and she look over at he . rayette ( cont 'd ) you like it ? bobby I love it . rayette ( resume sing ) " you will be burn out / or smoke out / a ' come back to I , I know ... " Bobby 's attention be take by something on the road ahead . rayette ( cont 'd ) " every trail that you blaze / make I ... " bobby what the hell be that ? Pov through windshield of a car lie upside down on the leave side of the highway . two figure be stand beside it , engage in a heat argument . rayette be it a accident ? ext . bobby's car - highway - day Bobby pull off onto the right -hand shoulder , stop the car and get out . he move out to the center line , look across the road , to : a long-haire young woman ( palm ) in Levi 's and parka , presently push she close - cropped , boyish look friend ( terry ) against the side of the car and make some indecipherable accusation . bobby hey ! what 's go on , what 's the trouble ?! the young woman turn and give he the finger . palm rotate , mack ! on rayette stick she head out the driver 's window . rayette what would she say ? on palm gesture angrily back at the wreck as she cross toward Bobby . palm look at my car ! piece of shit ! I just buy it brand new from a use - car lot , and the steering go to the pot on I ! bobby you be lucky no one be hurt . palm Seven hundred dollar , down the toilet ! I would like to go back and punch the son of a bitch out ! can you give we a lift ? without wait for a response , she move back to Terry , who be retrieve some of they belonging from the highway . palm ( cont 'd ) come on , Terry , we get a ride ! rayette Jesus , what a rude person ... int . bobby's car - on the road - day Palm and Terry , still under the spell of they roadside tiff , sit in sulky silence in the back seat . Bobby glance at Palm in the rear view . bobby what 's you name ? palm Palm apodaca . rayette turn around and , think Terry be a boy , ask rather flirtatiously : rayette a ' what 's you name ? terry Terry grouse . shock at the female voice come from " he , " she turn back around and poke Bobby on the leg . bobby ( loudly ) what ? rayette ( low tone ) I will tell you ... ( spelling out ) ... l- a-t-e-r . palm how far be you go to ? bobby Washington . palm we will get off in Washington and hook another ride . bobby where be you go ? palm Alaska . bobby Alaska ? be you on vacation ? terry ( sullenly ) she want to live there , because she think it 's cleaner . bobby cleaner than what ? palm ( to Terry ) you do not have to tell everybody about it . pretty soon they will all go there and it will not be so clean . bobby how do you know it 's clean ? palm I see a picture of it . Alaska be very clean . it appear to look very white to I ... do not you think ? bobby yeah . that 's before the big thaw . she lean forward , look annoyed . palm before the what ? ext . bobby's car - northern highway - day ( country &amp ; western instrumental over :) on the car move through the redwood country above San Francisco . int . bobby's car - highway - day on bobby bored , as he drive . beside he , rayette primp in the sunvisor mirror . on the back seat Terry light a cigarette while Palm , stare morosely out the window , go into a soliloquy : palm I have to leave this place . I get depressed , see all the crap . and the thing be , they be make more crap , you know ? they have get so many store and stuff and junk full of crap , I can not believe it . bobby who ? palm who ? people , that 's who ! pretty soon there will not be room for anyone . they be sell more crap that people go and buy than you can imagine . oofh ! crap ! I believe everybody should have a big hole where they throw in all this stuff and burn it . rayette lean around to she . rayette there would never be a hole big enough . now take at I , for instance , when I be just one person , before Bobby , I have so much garbage collectin ' onto I every day , I be thinkin ' about gettin a dispose all ... palm a dispose - all , what 's that but more crap ? I have never see such crap . oofh , I do not know how people get up in the morning . terry mass production be what do it . palm what do you mean " mass " ... I have to come out and tell you , you be not that clean , either . terry wait a minute . I be not that neat , maybe , but I be clean . palm well , you be not that bad , but some people ... I mean , people 's home , just filth . I have be in people 's home ... terry in my personal observation , I think that more people be neat than be clean ... palm in my personal thing , I do not see that . I be see more filth . a lot of filth . what they need to do every day , no , once in a while , be a cockroach thing , where they spray the home . and uh ... can you imagine , if they door be paint a pretty color , and they have a pot outside , with ... terry yeah , it could be adorable ... palm and they pick up ! I mean , it would not be filthy , with Coke bottle and whiskey , and that sign everywhere ... she gesture angrily out the window at the roadside billboard . palm ( cont 'd ) ... they oughta be erase ! all that sign , sell crap , and more crap , and , I do not know , it 's disgusting , I do not even want to talk about it ! Bobby start to say something : bobby well ... palm it 's just filthy . people be dirty . I think that 's the biggest thing that 's wrong with people . I think they would not be as violent if they be clean , because then they would not have anybody to pick on ... oofh ... dirt ... rayette well ... palm not dirt . see , dirt be not bad . it 's filth . filth be bad . that 's what start maggot and riot ... she suddenly lean over to the front seat , point to a semi ahead . palm ( cont 'd ) hey , follow that truck . they know the best place to stop . rayette that 's a old may 's tale . palm bullshit ! truck driver know the best eat place on the road . rayette turn around , assert : rayette salesmen and cop be the one . if you would ever waitress , honey , you would know . palm do not call I " honey , " mack . rayette do not call I " mack , " honey . palm I would not be a waitress . they be nasty and full of crap . rayette you better hold onto you tongue ! palm ( give she the finger ) hold onto this . Terry laugh . rayette just one minute , you ! do not you ever talk to I like that ! bobby shut up ! all of you ! int . roadside cafe - day all four be seat at a booth . the woman have give they order and a waitress stand above Bobby , wait for he : bobby ( look at he menu ) I will have a omelette , no potato . give I tomato instead , and wheat toast instead of roll . the waitress indicate something on the menu with the butt of she pencil . waitress no substituon . bobby what do that mean ? you do not have any tomato ? waitress ( annoyed ) no . we have tomato . bobby but I can not have any . be that what you mean ? waitress only what 's on the menu ... ( again , indicate with she pencil ) a number two : plain omelette . it come with cottage fries and roll . bobby I know what it come with , but that 's not what I want . waitress I will come back when you have make up you mind ... she start to move away and Bobby detain she . bobby wait , I have make up my mind . I want a plain omelette , forget the tomato , do not put potato on the plate , and give I a side of wheat toast and a cup of coffee . waitress I be sorry , we do not have side order of toast . I can give you a English muffin or a coffee roll . bobby what do you mean , you do not have side order of toast ? you make sandwich , do not you ? waitress would you like to talk to the manager ? palm hey , mack ! bobby ( to Palm ) shut up . ( to the waitress ) you have bread , do not you , and a toaster of some kind ? waitress I do not make the rule . bobby okay , I will make it as easy for you as I can . give I a omelette , plain , and a chicken salad sandwich on wheat toast -- no butter , no mayonnaise , no lettuce -- and a cup of coffee . she begin write down he order , repeat it sarcastically : waitress one number two , and a chicken sal san -- hold the butter , the mayo , the lettuce -- and a cup of coffee ... anything else ? bobby now all you have to do be hold the chicken , bring I the toast , charge I for the sandwich , and you have not break any rule . waitress ( challenging he ) you want I to hold the chicken . bobby yeah . I want you to hold it between you knee . the other three laugh , and the waitress point to a " right to refuse " sign above the counter . waitress you see that sign , sir ?! Bobby glance over at it , then back to she . waitress ( cont 'd ) you will all have to leave , I be not take any more of you smartness and you sarcasm ! he smile politely at she , then : bobby you see this sign ? he reach he arm out and " clear " the table for she . int . bobby's car - on the road - day on palm in the back seat . palm fantastic ! that you could figure all that out , and lay that down on she , to come up with a way you could get you toast . bobby I do not get it , do I ? palm no , but it be very clever ... I would of just punch she out . ext . bobby's car - highway - day ( country &amp ; western over :) on the car move through the Northwest coastal region . int . bobby's car - highway - day Palm resume she monologue : palm people ... oofh ... ( shaking she head in utter disgust ) animal be not like that ... they be always clean themselves . do you ever see ... what be they call ? pigeon ! she look over at Terry , slump in she seat , asleep . palm ( cont 'd ) he 's always pick on himself and he friend . they be always pick bug out of they hair ... on rayette asleep . palm ( o.s. ) monkey , too . on palm palm except monkey do thing out in the open that I do not go for . on bobby benumb , he eye glaze over as he stare out through the windshield . on palm palm I be in this place once , this store , with snake , monkey , everything you could imagine . I walk in , I have to run out . it stink ! they do not even have a incense go ... though no one listen , she go on , work herself up : palm and you know , I read where they invent this car that run on ... that run on ... when you boil water ... terry ( half - dead ) steam . palm right , steam . a car you could ride around in and not cause a stink . but do you know , they will not even let we have it . can you believe it ? why ?! man ! he like to create a stink . I write they a note once , and tell they to clean it ... I mean , do not you see that ? it 's just filthy ! I mean , I have see filth you would not believe ! oofh , what a stink ! I do not even want to talk about it ... ext . bobby's car - two - lane highway - late day ( wynette's " when there's a FIRE " over : ) on palm and terry deposit at the side of the highway , with they luggage , duffle bag and television set lie on the road edge . Terry lift a bored hand to wave at ... ... Bobby , behind the wheel . he wave back , pull out onto the highway and drive off . ext . bobby's car - motel - night ( music fade , as : ) the car pull into a motel parking slot and stop . int . motel room - night Bobby and rayette in bed . she lie on she side , watch he watch tv . after a moment : rayette be you depressed about you daddy , honey ? bobby no . rayette I 'magine it 's I then , id and it ? bobby be what you ? rayette you be depressed that I come along . bobby who say I be depressed ? rayette well , be that a happy face I see ? no response . rayette ( cont 'd ) ' Cause if it be I , I could just catch a Greyhound back . bobby oh , you be not go to kill yourself this time . I wish I would know ... he turn off the light on the night stand and roll onto he side , face away from she . they lie silently in the dark for a moment . then : rayette I do not know if I be gonna be able to sleep or not . no response . rayette ( cont 'd ) ( look over at he ) hint , hint . no response . rayette ( cont 'd ) ( sighing ; then : ) I guess I will just have to count the sheep . ( close she eye ) one-two-three-four ... she open she eye and look over at he . rayette ( cont 'd ) Seven ... eight ... ( caress he shoulder ) look at this old cold shoulder , what be I gonna do with it ? he look around at she and with gentle good humor : bobby if you just would not open you mouth , everything would be fine . she turn a imaginary key at she lip . rayette tick a lock . he roll over to face she and , yield to she request , begin to make love to ber . ext . motel room - day rayette follow after Bobby . as he move to he car , he remove some cash from he wallet . rayette why can not I go out to you folk ' house ? give I one good reason . bobby I have to see how thing be first . my father 's sick , you understand ? they would not be prepare for I bring anyone . he hold out a roll of bill and as she take they : rayette so how long be I suppose to sit a ' twiddle my thumb in this place ? bobby if you can not do what I ask , Ray , use that money to go back home , then . rayette Bobby , do not talk like that ... she move over to he and give he a quick kiss . rayette ( cont 'd ) it will be all right , I will get a hold a some magazine a ' thing like that . a ' maybe find a beauty salon a ' get my hair fix , okay ? on bobby get into the car . bobby okay , Ray ... rayette or maybe sit out by the pool a ' get myself nice a ' tan for you . would you like that ? bobby ( start the engine ) sure ... rayette it bring out my eye ... bobby bye , honey , I will call you in a couple of day . rayette okay ... she watch unhappily as he back out of the slot and the car pull away . rayette ( cont 'd ) bye , baby ... ext . ferry ( crossing ) - day Bobby get out of he car and wander the deck of the ferry . he stop to look out over the sound to one of the island off the Washington coast , then glance back to the mainland , recede in the distance . ext . bobby's car - ferry landing - day Bobby drive off the ferry onto the island . ext . bobby's car - country road - day the car move over a tree-line country lane and presently turn off onto a private road , lead to a large victorian - style house . it pull to a stop behind two other car . Bobby get out of the car and move up the porch step to the front door . closer on he as he hesitates , listen briefly to the faint SOUND of two pianos come from within . then he open the door and go inside . int . dupea home - day ( two pianos over :) Bobby tentatively wander the first floor of the house , take in the ghost of the past . in the live room , he pause at a table to look at several frame photograph . he pick up one of he mother and father , look closely at it , then gently return it to its place and resume wander . he stop at the music room and look in through the half - open door : Pov into music room : on the far side of the room , near window which give view to a verdant exterior , be two concert grand . his brother carl be seat at one of the pianos , and a young woman ( catherine van oost ) be seat at the other . on bobby look from Carl , to Catherine . he watch she briefly , then step out of the doorway ... ... and move down a hallway to a close door . he reach down and open it , look inside to : tita groom the hair of a elderly man ( nicholas dupea ) seat in a wheelchair with he back to Bobby . she look up and , see Bobby , smile happily , then reach down and turn the wheelchair around . on nicholas his eye be half - close and be cast down to the floor . Bobby move over to he , bend down and look into he face . Nicholas open he eye slightly and gaze through Bobby into a absolute elsewhere . Bobby raise he eye to tita . bobby he do not even know who the hell I be . int . dupea dine room - night Nicholas dupea sit at the head of the table , be feed he dinner by a male nurse ( spicer ) . Bobby , at the opposite end of the table , be seat next to tita . unable to bear look at he father , he glance over at Catherine , seat next to Carl on he right . she raise she eye from she plate to ask he something , just as tita be move to reminisce : tita remember , Bobby , what mother use to say when ... catherine ( to Bobby ) how long have you be ... ( to tita ) oh , excuse I ... tita no , it 's all right , you go ahead ... catherine I be just go to ask Robert how long he 's be away from here . bobby four or five year . carl no , the last time be three year ago . tita oh no , it 's be much more than that . carl away from the piano , tita , you have no sense of time at all . tita I do not think that 's true . carl it be true . tita besides be very rude . catherine what have you be do since then ? bobby what have I be do ? different thing , different job , here and there . nothing that interesting . catherine and you no longer play at all ? Bobby start to reply and be interrupt by : carl you know , just after I come back off tour with the betenthaller quartet , dad , myself and Herbert have a summit conference about you ... tita oh , my , " a summit conference . " I wonder where I be , polish silver behind the coal bin . carl I do not know where you be , penis envy . tita I hope I do not hear that . carl at any rate , dad want to hire a private detective to ferret you out , and I say , " what for ? " whatever the hell he 's do , even if it 's a completely wasteful escapade , it 's entirely he business . simple as that ... bobby well , I really appreciate it , Carl . tita I do not think you should infer daddy be wrong in front of he ... she look at spicer , push a spoon at Nicholas 's close mouth . tita ( cont 'd ) do not force he like that , spicer . spicer lay the spoon down and begin eat he own dinner . bobby ( to Catherine ) how long have you be stay here ? tita a couple of month . he start to ask another question and be again overrid by : carl do you hear about my misfortune , Robert ? bobby what ? carl it 's still nearly impossible for I to turn my neck . if I want to turn toward Catherine , for instance , I would first have to twist the whole base of my body around ... ( demonstrate ) ... like this ... tita get up from the table and , take she plate , exit to the kitchen . and as Carl readjust himself in he chair and take a sip from he wine glass , Bobby look at Catherine to find she look at he . she quickly alter she gaze to Carl . catherine I would not mind do a little work , if you be finish , and not too tired ... carl no , I be finish ... ( place a hand on he stomach ) satiety be my father and mother . find he 's amused himself and nobody else , he get up and address Bobby . carl ( cont 'd ) she 's tremendously gift , this girl . bobby ( look at she ) be she ? Catherine stand up and , want to change the subject : catherine Excuse I , I do not want to hear this ... she exit and Carl , on he way out , pause at Bobby 's chair . carl I hope you feel at home , Robert . ( patting he on the shoulder ) I be really glad you be here . bobby thanks , Carl ... he look down table to see spicer stack he plate onto Nicholas 's and he eye follow he as he , too , move out of the dining room to the kitchen . close on bobby in extreme discomfort at be leave alone with he father . he look down at he plate , poke at the remainder of he dinner , then brave a look down the table . on nicholas look back at he , he eye devoid of interest or cognition . ext . dupea ground - day Bobby and tita walk away from the house down toward the ocean . accompany they be a borzoi hound belong to she . tita he have way of communicate , Robert . I can tell when he 's express approval or disapproval , just from he eye ... bobby uhm hmm . some range . tita it 's not that bad . bobby yes , it be . I can not take see he , sit there like a stone . tita a week or two be not go to ruin you life , for godsake . he do not respond . tita ( cont 'd ) I mean , you think I be that happy ? bobby no , I do not . ( a pause , then : ) you should have leave a long time ago . tita we can not all get up and leave , can we ? I mean , there be certain need you have to respond to ... she stop walk and move to one of the garden chair , face out toward the bay . tita ( cont 'd ) and anyway , I want you to stay , so I can spend some time with you , and ask you some question ... he lean he back against a tree . bobby what question ? tita well , do you -- I mean , have you enjoy all this ... strange thing you have be do ? bobby sometimes . she stare at he for a moment , and take note of it : bobby ( cont 'd ) why ? be I some kind of freak to you or something ? tita no , no , I do not think that , I be just curious about it ... ( a pause ) do you think I be a freak ? bobby sort of . she laugh . tita oh no ... why ? what be it ? the way I look ? bobby no , I do not really think you be a freak . tita I probably be , but I do not care . I mean , I be not that bless to begin with , and when would I have have time to make any improvement ... bobby what about Carl and Catherine ? be he just coach she , or what ? tita constantly . night and day . and unless I get up before the bird , I can not get in any practice time for myself ... bobby uhm hmm . tita actually , it 's very admirable , the way she work . she will probably be enormously successful , because she 's attractive as well , not that that 's so important in music , but ... bobby you be attractive , tita . if you just do a little more with yourself ... tita like what ? bobby well , if you just maybe do something with you hair , or ... tita oh , let 's not talk about my hair , it do what it want to , and anyway , who care , I want to talk about you ... bobby there 's nothing to say , tita ... he offer nothing further and look out over the bay . then , after a brief silence : tita well , you be not go to run out on I right away , be you ? bobby I do not know . int . dupea home - day Bobby stroll casually about the house - in truth , look for a opportunity to run into Catherine . he move to the music room and look inside . through the doorway Catherine can be see , seat at the piano . Carl stand above she and they engage in some exchange about the score rest on the piano 's music stand . on bobby as he move down the hallway and see : spicer descend the staircase , with the brittle Nicholas in he arm . he duck into the nearest room to avoid they . int . den - dupea home - day tita , startle in the act of appraise herself in a mirror above the fireplace , turn around to Bobby : tita oh God , do not sneak up on I like that ! we see she wear a little make - up and have do something " different " with she hair . bobby sorry . he turn and exit the de . ext . dupea house - day Bobby stand on the front porch , look toward ... ... Catherine come up from the ocean . she wear a bathrobe over a wet bathing suit and carry a towel , and as she approach : catherine hello ... bobby I guess you fall in the water . catherine ( amused ) yes , intentionally . bobby that 's dangerous , you know . catherine swim ? bobby play piano all day and then jump into cold water . you could get a cramp . she laugh and begin drying she hair with a corner of the towel . catherine I love to swim , and I do not mind the cold at all . it 's invigorate . bobby well , I would not want to get too invigorate myself . catherine why ? bobby what would I do with it ? run amok ? she come up the stair . bobby ( cont 'd ) besides piano and swim , what else do you do ? catherine well , there 's fishing and boat . there 's concert on the mainland and ... but I feel silly tell you . this be really you home . you probably know better than I what there be to do . bobby nothing . catherine nothing ? then it must be very boring for you here . bobby that 's right . have you anything to suggest ? catherine I do not know . let I give it some think . she move toward the front door , with Bobby follow . bobby what be you do right now ... int . dupea home - day Catherine come inside and move toward the stairway , with Bobby behind . catherine right now I be go to run a hot tub and soak myself . bobby then after that ? she go up a few step and turn back to he . catherine after that , I plan to read some music and rest for awhile . bobby tomorrow , then . catherine tomorrow 's a full practice day ... ( continue up the stair ) but the day after be kind of open . at the top of the stair , she stop and look down at he . catherine ( cont 'd ) Carl have hydrotherapy on tuesday . bobby ( as if it be a year ) the day after tomorrow . catherine if you be free . bobby yeah , I will probably be free . she turn and disappear into the second - floor hallway . int . dupea kitchen - night dinner have conclude and tita move around the table , distribute cup and saucer . Carl be remote and off he feed . spicer attend Nicholas , and Catherine look across the table to Bobby as he drink from a bottle of beer . after a moment , a loud belch come from Nicholas and tita quickly request : tita do not laugh ... she attempt to stifle she own amusement , as do Bobby and Catherine , then change the subject : tita ( cont 'd ) what 's wrong , Carl , you hardly eat anything ... carl I take some aspirin and it really upset my stomach . Catherine begin pour the coffee . catherine one thing that 's hard to understand be how you could have this incredible background in music , and then just walk away from it , without a second think ... bobby I give it a second think . tita seat herself at the table , address spicer : tita he look tired to I , spicer . I think you should put he to bed . he nod , and as he get up and wheel Nicholas from the room : catherine I mean , how could you not play anymore ? that 's so strange to I ... bobby I have play a few time . here and there . as a matter of fact , I be once a rehearsal pianist for a Las Vegas musical revue . catherine you do not call that music , though . bobby of course I do . it 's music . you know ... he place he hand on the table and simulate the play of a rouse production - type show -stopper , simultaneously vocalize as he do . though tita and Catherine be amused , Carl wince disapprovingly and break into Bobby 's act : carl Robert , do you mind ? bobby what ? carl nothing . will you excuse we for a while ? he take hold of Catherine 's hand and stand up . catherine we really do not have to , Carl , if you be not feel good ... carl ( a bit martyre ) well , maybe if we put the thermaphore on I for a while , first ... catherine oh , all right . and as they move to the door , she glance apologetically back at Bobby . deflate and embarrassed , he look away from tita 's sympathetic gaze . after a brief silence , she reach to a platter on the table . tita do you want some gingerbread ? bobby ( elsewhere ) what ? tita with applesauce ? bobby no , thanks ... int . dupea live room - night Bobby stand in the live room . it be dark and the only light come from some burn log in the fireplace . he listen briefly to the sound of a Beethoven sonata come from the music room ... ... then move to a chaise near the fireplace and lie down , stare absently into the flame . after a moment , he close he eye . another angle on he sleep face as the sonata begin to fade . int . dupea live room - morning on bobby still asleep in the chaise . he be suddenly jolted awake by a loud thud and sit up , look out the window to : Pov of spicer lift a barbell with heavy weight attach to it . he do a series of vigorous press with it , before he again let the bar drop heavily onto the porch . int . dupea home - upstair hall - day ( bach violin over : ) Bobby stand in the hallway , a phone to he ear , listen to rayette and look down the hall toward the open door to Catherine 's room . bobby yeah , well fine , you know what I suggest , Ray ... ( listen ) because I do not know how long . thing be not go that well here ... he listen again , he eye on catberine , move around in she room . bobby ( cont 'd ) yeah , well I be not have any fun , either , so why do not you ... ( pause ) no , you can not , it 's just not convenient , and I have to get off ... ( listen impatiently ) Ray , I really have to go , I have to get off now ... ( longer pause ) another couple of day , maybe . I will call you and let you -- ( pause ) all right , if you be go , you be go . now I have to get off , okay ? ( pause ) bye , Ray ... he hang up and , as he start down the hall to Catherine 's room , the violin stop and Carl step out into the hall ahead of he . he carry he fiddle and detain Bobby , with : carl only 10 minute of play and it 's already kill my neck ... Bobby look past he to Catherine as she glance out at they and then close the door to she room . ext . dupea ground - day Bobby and Carl , play a game of table tennis . tita stand lean against a tree , watch they . in the b.g. , spicer can be see , meticulously oiling and clean the wheelchair . as they volley the ball back and forth : bobby you sure you should be play , Carl ? carl what do you mean ? aside from my neck , I be in superb shape . Carl hit into the net , and as the ball rebound to he , he toss it to Bobby . bobby ( serve ) I do not know , there 's something wrong with the way you move . Carl hit the net again . carl I be not aware of it . like what ? bobby you serve . two -- eighteen . Carl serve and as they volley : bobby ( cont 'd ) I would hate to see you walk across a concert stage like that . Carl try a smash and mis-hit the ball ... bobby ( cont 'd ) two -- nineteen . ... and as he retrieve it : carl ( irritate with Bobby ) I have walk across a stage a number of time , without exciting any particular response ... bobby that 's what I mean ... Carl come back to the table . carl any particular humor , I mean . he angrily serve the ball . bobby ( return ) I think you should get someone to coach you how to walk . I think it 's a substantial problem . he hit a smash and it sail past Carl into some shrubbery several yard away . carl dammit ! as he move after the ball , Bobby gesture at he . bobby look at that . tita why be you be so mean ? bobby I be not . he do walk funny . do not you see that ? she look at Carl , bent over and search through the shrub . tita I do not think I would notice . I be so use to Carl . bobby ( want to go on about it ) yeah , well , he 's ... she interrupt he , look toward spicer . tita Bobby ? do you think spicer be attractive ? he look over at spicer , polish the frame of the wheelchair . bobby I think he 's get a terrific personality . tita you know , he be formerly a sailor . Bobby gesture he paddle at Carl , on he way back with the ball . bobby look , can not you see that , what I be talk about ? tita sailor be sadistic , I feel . Carl come up to the table , assert : carl see ? there 's nothing wrong with the way I walk . now where be we ? bobby at game , Carl . Carl serve and they volley briefly . then bobby angle the ball sharply and put it away . bobby ( cont 'd ) that 's three game to none , Carl . carl all right , let 's have a rematch . bobby I think you have to go to the mainland today . be not you go to miss the ferry ? Carl take a quick glance at he watch , then drop he paddle onto the table . carl too bad . just when I be hit my stride . he start away , then turn back . carl ( cont 'd ) say goodbye to Catherine for I , will you ? as he move off in the direction of the car , tita come up beside Bobby . tita can I play now ? Carl call over to they from he car : carl tell she I will be back sometime tomorrow ! Bobby turn to tita . bobby where be she , anyway ? tita ( ignore the question ) my turn . he hand she the paddle ... bobby why do not you and spicer play ? ... and move off toward the house . int . dupea home - upstair hall - day Bobby knock on Catherine 's door and , hearing no response , open it and step inside . int . catherine's room - day he wander about , discreetly touch nothing , but take in some essence of Catherine from she belonging and from the scent of she that linger in the room . his journey bring he into proximity with the window and he pause to look out at : tita and spicer below play table tennis . he start to move from the window , when he see : catherine's car pull into view and parking near the garage . she get out , and , carry a shopping bag and a wrap bouquet of flower , pause on she way to the house to have some exchange with tita . int . dupea home - staircase - day on bobby quickly descend the staircase , and following with he as he move to the music room and go inside , leave the door open . int . music room - day he cross to one of the grand , seat himself and rub he hand together to warm they . then , scan he mental repertoire , he place he hand on the keyboard and begin to play a chopin etude . presently , Catherine appear in the doorway . she stand listen for a moment , then place the shopping bag and flower on a settee near the doorway and cross to a chair near the pianos and sit down . Bobby glance at she , then return he eye to the keyboard . on catherine she feature intensely concentrate , as she listen to he play . on bobby apparently deep into the music . on the wall behind he be the series of photograph see in the open and the present angle favor a 8 - year - old Bobby in he dress suit , play a recital . the camera move down to he hand ... ... then to Catherine , profoundly move . angle including both as Bobby play the conclude chord of the etude . he let he hand linger on the key until the last overtone fade , then he remove they to he lap . after a brief silence : catherine that be beautiful , Robert . I be surprised ... bobby thank you . catherine I be really very move by the way you ... unable to keep up the " serious " musician pose , a brief , derisive laugh issue from he . catherine ( cont 'd ) be that funny ? bobby it be not suppose to be , it just strike I that way . catherine why ? bobby nothing . it 's just that ... I pick the easiest piece I could remember . I think I first play it when I be 8 year old and I play it better then . catherine it do not matter . it be the feel I be affect by . bobby I do not have any . catherine you have no inner feel ? bobby none . catherine then I must have be supplying it . she get up and cross toward the settee . bobby wait ... catherine well , at least you be accomplish at something ... bobby what ? catherine at be a fake . and as she pick up the flower and the shopping bag : bobby Catherine ... catherine no , you be very good at it . I be really impressed . she go out the door . Bobby look down at the keyboard . he close the cover and softly utter : bobby shit . int . catherine's bedroom - day she stand in front of a dresser mirror , pin up she hair , preparatory to take a bath . her attention be draw to ... ... Bobby enter , and as he cross to she , she quickly turn back to the mirror . bobby you think I be a fake . catherine I think it 's what you think . bobby no , it be not what I think . catherine look ... you make a very calculate move , and then make I feel embarrassed for respond to you . that be not necessary . she move away from he and he follow she . bobby yes , it be . you have make it clear that if I can cut a little piano , I might get a little response . catherine ( stop and turn to he ) I do not think that 's accurate ... bobby up to now , what I have be get from you be meaningful look over the dinner table and a lot of vague suggestion about the day after tomorrow ... catherine I be not conscious of have give you any meaningful look . and as for the day after tomorrow , this be the day after tomorrow , and I be , unfortunately , see you ... now if you will excuse I , I would like to take a bath . she move back to the dresser and as she begin search through a array of bath oil on top of it , Bobby step in beside she . bobby it 's convenient to fake look for something right now , be not it ? catherine I be not fake anything . I be look for some bath oil ... bobby some bath oil ? he lift up one of the bottle . bobby ( cont 'd ) what about this one ? ( pick up another ) or this one ? ( and another ) how about some jasmine ? ( and another ) what about some musk ? cathfrine what be you do ! bobby ( knock the bottle over ) what be you do , screwing around with this crap ?! a little intimidate by he aggressivity : catherine I do not find you language that charming . bobby it 's direct , anyway , which seem to be difficult for you . catherine I would like you to leave now . be that direct enough ? he make no move to go . catherine ( cont 'd ) you be not a serious person , by you own admission . and that may be interesting , but it do not interest I ... need the safety of distance , she move over to the window next to the bed . again , he follow after she . bobby serious , that 's what 's important to you ? catherine yes , that 's what 's important to I ... he take she by the shoulder ... bobby okay , let 's be serious ... ... and force she onto the bed . catherine no , do not do that ... bobby shut up ... he hesitates for a moment , full of thing he want to say and cannot . Catherine look up at he , uttering a quiet challenge : catherine no inner feel . bobby that 's right . catherine I do not believe vou . he lean down to she , begin kissing she . her arm encircle he and lay back on the bed , she pull he body onto hers , fervently return he kiss . and as he respond with a ardor absent of fakery and full of a lifetime of derelict feeling , a fade over begins , to : int . catherine's bedroom - day Catherine and Bobby lie side by side . he watch she as she address the ceiling : catherine I marry he when I be 17 . he be a cellist , and I think he be the most brilliant man I would ever meet ... and I be sure he be , because at that age , I have not meet that many ... but he be insidious , you know . he have I convinced that I be a mediocrity , musically , as a woman , as a intellect . but in this completely imperceptible , pleasant way , so that you be not even sure he be do it . anyway , I just wake up one morning and I say , you know something Joseph , you be full of bean , and I leave he ... bobby that 's what you say ? catherine something witty and devastating like that . she move onto she side , look over at he . catherine ( cont 'd ) as a matter of fact , he 's the one who introduce I to Carl ... ( a pause , then : ) how be you ? bobby I be fine . catherine Carl restore my confidence . he really do . he 's much more substantial than you give he credit for . bobby be he ? catherine yes . she reach over , tentatively caress he face , then : catherine ( cont 'd ) do you think you could discreetly move across the hall now ? bobby yeah , I think I could . he kiss she , get up and cross to the door , and as he open it : catherine Robert ? bobby what ? catherine I could spend some time with you tomorrow morning , before Carl come back , I mean , if you would like to . bobby of course I would like to . ext . LA roche wood - day ( chopin over : ) Bobby and Catherine walk over a path through a thickly wood area that presently bring they in sight of the dupea house . he stop and , take hold of she , lean back against a tree , kissing she . when they break off and resume walk , she take one of he hand in both of hers and , after look at the scar and callouse accumulate by he year of manual labor , she lay the hand against she cheek . the angle alter from they , to : ext . dupea house - day a taxicab pull up in front of the house . rayette get out with she suitcase and , after pay the driver , move up the step to the front door and reach out to ring the bell . int . dupea dine room table - night on rayette look down the table to Nicholas . rayette you certainly do have a beautiful piece a real estate out here , Mr. dupea . on nicholas and spicer the former with he chin rest on he chest . rayette ( turn to Bobby ) can he hear I ? Bobby do not respond . tita ( politely ) he 's not hard of hearing . rayette well , that 's a bless , at least . she take a bite of food , and as she chew : rayette ( cont 'd ) this certainly be a improvement on the motel an' the coffee shop . ( to Bobby ) how could you have leave such a beautiful place , Bobby ? bobby I do not know . on carl fascinate with rayette , while beside he , Catherine keep she eye on she plate as she eat . carl you have be stay in a motel all this time ? rayette for two whole week , an' there be not hardly nobody there to talk to but I . the manager of the place tell I it be the off season , a ' it must a ben , because other and I , there be just this 25 - year - old kid , delyon , that do not appear to be all there , an' this old marry pair next to I that be always hollerin ' for quiet . can you imagine ? all you could a hear there be a pin , a ' they , hollerin ' away ... carl I do not understand why you have to stay in a motel . there 's more than enough room here . rayette well , I be goin ' to , but Bobby say he hadda kind of feel thing up here first , which I can understand , but then it go a ' take so long , I run flat outa money ... ( to Bobby ) I do not have no number to call , you know . ( to Carl ) so I hadda clear outa there a ' come on up here , in the hope that I would not be intrudin ' myself ... carl oh , no . you be more than welcome . rayette well , thank you , that 's a very nice thing for you to say . carl not at all . she go on eat and there be a brief silence before she resume , look over at Catherine : rayette that certainly be a beautiful head a hair you have . catherine thank you . rayette be it natural ? bobby rayette . rayette what ? bobby just finish eat . rayette oh , be I holdin ' up dessert ? Carl laugh . carl no , you be not . go ahead and take you time . rayette I do eat slow as a bird , whereas Bobby can put it away like a speed swing ... ( to tita ) be there any ketchup around ? bobby oh , for chrissake ... carl Robert , let 's not be rude , okay ? rayette it 's all right . he do not mean anything by that . bobby I do not , huh ? he throw he napkin on the table , get up and leave the room . there be a awkward silence , follow by rayette valiantly cover she own feeling : rayette I guess Bobby 's just about the moodiest man I ever ben with ... int . fisherman be bar - mainland - night ( tammy wynette's " don't touch I " over : ) Bobby finish the last of several drink . he ship a half pint into he jacket pocket , lay some bill on the bar and move toward the door . ext . fisherman be bar - mainland - night ( wynette over : ) thoroughly anesthetize , he wander aimlessly through the harbor- front street . as he disappear into the dark , the music fade . ext . wharf - mainland - dawn on bobby lie huddle on the boardwalk next to the boat slip . the cry of the gull and the sound of outgo fishing launch awaken he . disorient , he get to he foot and , hugging himself against the cold , move unsteadily down the dock . ext . ferry - morning Bobby 's car pull off the ferry and approach a line of car wait to board . he see Catherine at the wheel of the first car , and pull abreast of she , stop and roll down he window . bobby where be you go ? catherine I be go to pick up some friend of Carl 's . be you all right ? bobby I have to talk to you . catherine I will be back later ... the block car behind each of they begin honking impatiently and continue to under the follow : bobby no , I want to talk to you now . I have to explain something about ... catherine no , you do not have to , it be not necessary ... bobby ( overlap she ) yes , it be ! a driver behind Bobby stick he bead out the window , yell furiously at he : driver come on , get move , dammit !! bobby ( turn around to he ) will you shut up for a minute !! ( to Catherine ) pull you car out of line . catherine no , I can not ... bobby will you let I talk to you , please ? catherine I can not do that . I have not be be fair to Carl . I have to tell you that . bobby ( barely audible ) oh . you have to tell I that . catherine what ?! I can not hear you ! he look back at she not respond . catherine ( cont 'd ) I be sorry everything 's be so confusing , but I have to go , Robert ... bobby Catherine ... catherine please , I will see you later this evening . she pull ahead and move onto the ferry . int . dupea live room - night favoring samia glavia a friend of Carl 's . ( somewhere under the follow , the angle alter to include two other friend , as well as Carl , Catherine , Bobby and rayette , seat around the live room , variously captive to she monologue . ) samia but the point be , man be bear into the world with a pre-existent adversary , both real and imaginary , so you would have to say that aggression be one of he primary , psychic inheritance , which ... JOHN fincher , a professorial type , attempt to interject : fincher if I may beg to differ ... samia beg all you like , John , but the fact remain that man take enormous delight in aggressive act , as well as the portrayal of aggressive act , and to be triumphant over another no matter how , seem fundamental to he have a sense of well be , as well as ... fincher no , I do not quarrel with you inference , but you draw too long a bow in you conclusion , which seem unnecessarily harsh and ... samia well , I do not make poetry . as a analyst , I ... rayette interrupt , call across the room to Carl : rayette be there a tv in the house ? Carl start to answer and be pre-empt by samia : samia John believe in the basic goodness of man , and that 's fine , but gaze into the pit like I have and that view seem a little soporific . and not unlike television , it hardly represent the real world ... rayette there 's some good thing on it , though . samia pardon I ? rayette the tv . there 's some good thing on it , sometimes . samia I strongly doubt it , but I be not really discuss media ... fincher if you really hold such bleak view , how can you , in good conscience , carry on a practice ? samia oh , there 's always hope , I think , for a few individual , if they be courageous enough to shed they illusion and they ... catherine ( cut she off ) and what about love ? samia what about it ? would not you agree that a great deal of mischief have be do in the name of love ? catherine no , I would not . samia well , you be a romantic , Catherine , as be most musician , and what 's more , about to be marry ... on bobby and he reaction as samia go on : samia ... which should exclude you from any objective discussion . but keep in mind , even the art be not free of aggressive content , nor the institution of marriage . catherine I think this cold , " objective " discussion be aggressive , samia ... she get up and start to move away . samia but I would like to say , so that I do not dampen the spirit of you adventure ... catherine ( cut she off ) you have not dampen my spirit , samia ... Excuse I . samia well , I should hope not ... she leave the room , with Bobby 's eye follow she , and as Carl move over to sit beside rayette , samia resume to Fincher while the other friend move in beside Bobby and try to engage he in conversation . samia ( cont 'd ) because obviously there be loftier class of people that do establish a kind of relate , that 's relatively free of ... ( etc . ) on carl and rayette as she indicate tita 's dog , lie near the fireplace . rayette what kind of doggy be that ? carl it 's a borzoi . rayette oh , uh huh . I have a little kittycat once , that Bobby give I ... she call across to Bobby , interrupt samia . rayette ( cont 'd ) remember , Bobby ?! the little pussycat you give I ?! Bobby , now feel trap by the other friend , look across to she ass she return she attention to Carl . rayette ( cont 'd ) she have four little white paw , a ' oh , be I crazy over she . we hadda go a ' leave she one time at some friend , a ' she go out a ' get smashed flatter and a tortilla right outside they mobile home . samia gesture toward rayette as if she be a example to prove she point . samia there . you see what I mean ? Bobby look over at samia . samia ( cont 'd ) the choice of word , " squash flat , " juxtapose against the image of a fluffy kitten ... rayette well , she be . samia perhaps ... she address Fincher gesture toward rayette again . samia ( cont 'd ) but you see how close that be to what I be try to ... Bobby stand up , cut she off : bobby do not sit there point at she . samia I beg you pardon . bobby ( advance on she ) I say , do not point at she like that ! what give you the right to sit there and tell anybody about class and who the hell 's get it , and what she typify ! you should not even be in the same room with she , you creep ! samia Carl , this be really too much ... bobby ( to samia ) you be totally full of shit ! carl Robert , I think you better just ... bobby ( cut he off ) you be all full of shit ! he turn away and exit the room . int . dupea home - night following with bobby run up the stair and down the hall to Catherine 's room . he go inside and , not find she , come quickly back into the hall . as he move down it , open other door , he begin call she name . he come back down the stair and run into rayette at the bottom landing . rayette Bobby ... bobby ( move past she ) I can not talk to you right now , leave I alone ... he move to the music room , to the de , then down the main hall to the kitchen , which give off to two other door . he open one of they , to see : int . spicer be room - night tita and spicer . though both be clothed , they be catch in some stage of intimacy on top of spicer 's bed . tita sit up immediately , mortally embarrassed , as Bobby step into the room . bobby tita , what the hell be you do ?! spicer stand up . spicer hey , this be my room . bobby ( move over to the bed ) what 's go on here !? tita it 's none of you business ! bobby where 's Catherine ?! tita I do not know where she be ! spicer move to Bobby , take hold of he arm . spicer do not you believe in knock , pal ? Bobby roughly push he away and advance on tita . bobby I be talk to you , tita ! tita ( close to tear ) can not I have anything to myself , dammit ?! spicer ( grab hold of he again ) come on now , out ! bobby ( struggle with he ) keep you fuck hand off my sister , nurse ! spicer go into sudden rage , push Bobby violently toward the door and yell : spicer do you hear I ! move out !! Bobby leap at he and as they struggle carry they into the kitchen , tita begin yell : tita stop it ! Bobby , will just you stop ! I mean it ! spicer get Bobby into a painful headlock and be be bull around the kitchen by he . spicer hold it , just hold it !! they crash into the kitchen table , knock chair over . tita Carl ! somebody get Carl ! Bobby ram spicer into the refrigerator . spicer take it easy , dammit ! he hurl he against the kitchen wall , still hold he in a headlock as tita enter the kitchen . tita stop it ! right now ! just stop it !! Carl !! and as she run from the room , spicer begin violently jerk he forearm up against Bobby 's trachea , punctuate each jerk with the repeat command : spicer give up ! give up ! give up ! give up ! give up ! give up ! he feel Bobby 's body slacken . he release he and Bobby drop to the floor as ... ... Carl , Catherine and tita run into the kitchen , look to : Bobby , gasp for air , try to get up from the floor , and unable to , slump back against the kitchen wall . tita oh God , Bobby , look what you have do ... he look past she , to Catherine . bobby I just want to talk to you for a minute . ext . bayfront - day Catherine and Bobby sit on a low stone wall border the dupea property . each be stare out at the ocean , and after a moment : catherine no . it 's useless , Robert . it would not work , not ever ... bobby just give I a chance , will you ? catherine I be try to be delicate with you , but you be not understanding I . it 's not just because of Carl , or my music , but because of you ... ( she look at he ) I mean , what would it come to ? if a person have no love for himself , no respect , no love for he work , he family , he friend , something ... how can he ask for love in return ? I mean , why should he ask for it ? profoundly wounded , he look away from she . bobby and live out here , in this rest home asylum , that 's what you want ? catherine yes . bobby ( look back to she ) that will make you happy . catherine I hope it will , yes . ( she pause , then : ) I be sorry . need to distance herself from witness he pain , she get up and move out of frame . his eye move from she to look out over the bay and , after a brief silence , he softly utter : bobby okay . ext . country - day Bobby push Nicholas 's wheelchair along a path between field of tall grasses and wildflower . he stop and move around to the front of the chair . bobby be you cold ? he lean over to adjust the blanket cover Nicholas 's leg and , hunker down in front of he , glance around at the field , search for articulation : bobby ( cont 'd ) I do not know if you would be particularly interested in hearing anything about I . my life , I mean ... most of it do not add up to much ... that I could relate as a way of life that you would approve of ... he pause briefly , then : bobby ( cont 'd ) I would like to be able to tell you why , but I do not really ... I mean , I move around a lot because thing tend to get bad when I stay . and I be look ... for auspicious beginning , I guess ... he break off again , resume with evident difficulty . bobby ( cont 'd ) I be try to , you know , imagine you half of this conversation ... my feel be , that if you could talk , we probably would not be talk . that 's pretty much how it get to be before . I leave ... ( another pause ) be you all right ? he search he father 's face , entreate he for some kind of answer , some sign of response , and see none ... bobby ( cont 'd ) I do not know what to say ... ... he break down , barely able to utter the follow : bobby ( cont 'd ) tita suggest that we try to ... I do not know . I think that she ... seem to feel we have get ... some understanding to reach ... she totally deny the fact that we be never that comfortable with each other to begin with ... ( pause , try to gain control ) the best I can do , be apologize . he look silently at he father for a moment ... bobby ( cont 'd ) we both know I be never really that good at it , anyway ... ... then , bow bis head : bobby ( cont 'd ) I be sorry it do not work out . ext . dupea house - day Bobby come out the front door . he carry he suitcase and , as he descend the step and move across the drive ... ... tita , wear glove and hold a pair of gardening clipper , come around the side of the house and call out to he : tita Bobby ! he set the suitcase down as she come toward he . tita ( cont 'd ) you be leave ? bobby yeah . I say a week , and I have overstaye myself ... tita you be go without say goodbye ? bobby I do not want to say goodbye to anyone . tita but what about I ? bobby ( smile at she ) I will say goodbye to you , tita . she put she arm around he and as she embrace he : tita just once in a while , call and tell I where you be , please ... rayette' voice watch the birdie ! they turn to see : rayette , stand near the open trunk of Bobby 's car , take a Polaroid shot of they . Bobby return he attention to tita , kissing she . bobby bye , now . tita ( tear up ) bye , Robert . he pick up he suitcase and move to the trunk , where rayette be fussing with she camera . he put the suitcase inside , close the trunk and take hold of she arm . bobby come on . rayette ( resisting he ) wait a sec . I want tita to take a picture of you a ' I in front of the place ... bobby no , let 's go ... she pull free of he and , as she move back toward tita , Bobby can be see get into the driver 's seat . rayette I never get the chance to thank you all for you hospitality . you tell Carl for I , if any of you folk wanta come on down to we place anytime , you would be more and welcome ... tita thank you , that 's very nice . rayette bye bye , now . she move back to the car and get in . on tita watch as Bobby 's car pull out of the drive and disappear onto the private road . ext . highway - day as Bobby 's car move over a highway through the northern forest , rayette' voice be hear singing : rayette " you kiss be like a drink when I be thirsty / a ' I be thirsty for you with all my heart ... " int . bobby's car - highway - day rayette be seat close to Bobby , look at he as she sing . rayette " but do not love I / then act as though we have never kiss / oh , do not touch I ... " she lean closer and kiss he , then bring she lip close to he ear : rayette ( cont 'd ) " do not touch I ... " she kiss he again . rayette ( cont 'd ) " do not touch I ... " and again . rayette ( cont 'd ) " do not touch I ... " her kiss become more fervent and insistent . rayette ( cont 'd ) " oh , do not touch ... " he suddenly push she away . bobby cut it out ! grievously hurt by he gesture and expressive of a anger she 's heretofore be afraid to reveal : rayette Son of a bitch , Bobby ! you quit pushin ' I away like that ! I have have enough a that to last I a lifetime ! she make a fist of she hand as though she be about to hit he , then change she mind . rayette ( cont 'd ) why not you just try a ' be good to I for a change !? there be no response . she turn away from he , look out through the windshield for a moment , then : rayette ( cont 'd ) there id and anyone gonna look after you a ' love you better and I do , you know that . she look over at he . rayette ( cont 'd ) baby ? do you hear I ? there be no response . ext . gas station - day on bobby's car as it turn off the highway and pull up into a gas station next to roadside cafe . int . bobby's car - day on rayette search through she purse . rayette I be gonna go in that cafe a ' get some coffee . you want anything ? bobby no . rayette you get any change ? he search into he jacket , take out he wallet and hand it to she . rayette ( cont 'd ) do not you just have 50 cent or somethin' ? he shake he head . rayette ( cont 'd ) okay , be right back ... she reach to the door and open it . ext . bobby's car - day Bobby get out of the car as the station attendant approach . rayette turn back to he as she near the front of the cafe . rayette sure you do not want anything ? bobby ( to attendant ) fill it up . the attendant move to the pump , and as Bobby cross toward the men' room and disappear inside , a peterbilt semi can be see pull into the station . int . gas station - men' room - day Bobby remove he jacket and lay it on top of the waste container . he move to the wash basin and stand a moment , gaze absently down at it , he mind search for that inward oblivion in which nothing much be demand , nothing much feel . then , lean over and place he hand on the rim of the basin ... ... he lift he gaze to the mirror and , after minutely peruse the feature of he face , look into he own eye as he have into he father , silently beseech they for guidance . ext . men' room - gas station - day ( SOUND of semi's motor over :) remote angle as Bobby come out of the men' room . he have leave he jacket inside and stand for a moment , look at the ... ... driver , bend down to check the undercarriage of the semi . as he stand up and circuit the front of the truck , head for the cab : bobby ( faintly audible ) hey , wait a minute . he move over to he and after a brief exchange , the driver nod he bead and continue on to the cab , Bobby move to the passenger door and climb up into the pass seat . int . semi cab - gas station - day the driver glance over at Bobby : driver have not you get a jacket or anything with you ? bobby no , I do not , I uh ... it get burn up . everything in the car get the shit burn out of it . all I get leave be what I have on ... driver I have get a extra jacket behind the seat , if you want to put it on . bobby no , it 's okay . driver suit yourself . but I will tell you , where we be head be gonna get colder and hell . bobby it 's all right . I be fine . the driver put the truck into gear and release the brake . bobby ( cont 'd ) I be all right . and as the truck begin to move forward : bobby ( cont 'd ) I be fine . ext . semi - gas station - day remote angle : the semi pull out of the station onto the highway , give view to Bobby 's car . the attendant be clean the windshield and rayette can be see open the passenger door . as she get out and survey the area for some sign of Bobby , the semi move into view , go north on the highway . rayette look over the hood of the car , address the attendant . he gesture toward the men' room and as she move across the station and disappear off the screen ... ... the semi recede in the distance , leave a black trail of smoke from its exhaust stack , dissipate in the air . the end