'' fix '' original screenplay by casey binsali tarier majak Jack o’ keeffe Nathan Smith codey Wilson & burleigh Smith . copyright . flm301 sae perth. 2014 . fade in : ext . family home - day . a friendly - look neighbourhood . a stray dog loiter in the front yard . int . family home - day . jemimah , five , stand in front of she mother . mother tilly be go to need lot of cuddle . she 's go in for a operation next week . jemimah be concerned . jemimah why ? mother uh ... she 's just have a check - up - jemimah why ? mother because ... she need one . jemimah be she sick ? mother why do not you go out and play with she now ? the mother walk off , jemimah watch she go , then look to tilly , a golden cocker spaniel , at the glass door . jemimah 's bedroom . jemimah pull a wooden box out from under she bed . she open it and remove a nurse 's hat and toy stethoscope . ext . backyard - day . jemimah sit on a rug and check tilly 's heartbeat with the stethoscope . then she check she own . she call back to the house . jemimah heart 's good . jemimah take out a thermometer and try to put it in tilly 's mouth . tilly just lick it . she take a paddle pop stick and try to inspect tilly 's tonsils , with difficulty . jemimah open wide . say '' R '' ! she recoil at the smell . jemimah tilly , you breath stink ! from off -screen , she grab a blood pressure monitor . she realise tilly 's arm be too thin , so she wrap it around she neck . she pump it up , tilly whimper and break free . jemimah it 's not that bad . she offer tilly a lollypop . a think occur to jemimah . she stand and call back to the house . jemimah mum , do tilly need insulin too ? int . family home - day . the mother can not hear over she vacuume . int . garage - day . jemimah 's father be lie beneath the car , fix the undercarriage . her teenage brother stand about . jemimah dad ? what 's wrong with tilly ? he take a moment to respond . father ( 0.s. ) go ask you mother . brother ( whisper to she ) she 's get the chop . jemimah chopped ? brother so she can not get fuck . jemimah ( loudly ) fucked ? the father hit he head as he try to get out from under the car . he look angrily to the brother , then smile at jemimah . father sweetheart , it 's because we do not want ... it 's so she can not have puppy . jemimah ( confuse ) but , but I want the puppy ! the father slap the brother in the back of the head . int . dine room - night . jemimah sit at the dinner table with she brother , parent and she pregnant teenage sister , the elephant in the room . they eat in complete silence . jemimah stare at she sister 's belly . live room . jemimah 's mother clean , the rest of the family sit in front of the television . television ( English documentary accent ) this rhinoceros be particularly arouse — the father change the channel . television ( home cooking voice ) make sure you stuff it all the way in - the father change channel again . television ( exercise instructor , to a beat ) - and out - and in - and out - c’mon , break a sweat ! the father change channel again . television ( american accent ) and now , for we worst teenage mom - the father change channel again . television ( English vet accent ) look at this beautiful puppy ! the father shut off the television . jemimah look at the blank screen , wide - eye . the father slap the brother in the back of the head . ext . family home - day . jemimah sit in the front yard at a table . she have a lemonade stand set up . tilly wait with she . several neighbour walk past and give she strange look . several teenager laugh and take photo . we see a sign read '' please fucked my dog '' . the mother emerge from the house , walk up to the stand , pull down the sign and carry jemimah inside . int . jemimah 's bedroom - day . jemimah , upset , lie on the floor opposite tilly . jemimah ( mother 's tone ) puppy be hard work , tilly . there 's go to be enough baby around this house . we do not need you to make it worse . ( beat , whisper ) but I want the puppy too , tilly . sister 's bedroom . jemimah sit at the computer . she open a browser and see she sister 's dating profile . she think for a moment , then replace she sister 's picture with a photo of tilly . jemimah can be see in the photo 's background . she delete she sister 's information and add : '' helo I am tilly and a dog and like walk and bone and ball and I want tilly to have puppies '' . jemimah hit save and smile with satisfaction . moment later . jemimah rummages through she sister 's cupboard . she pull out a see-through bra , leather skirt and fishnet stocking and put they down on the bed . tilly watch . ext . street - day . the father and brother be drive home . they see jemimah on a street corner with tilly dress in the sister 's clothes . the father slam on the brake . int . family home - day . jemimah sit quietly with tilly , who be still dolled - up . she can hear she parent in the next room . father ( 0.s. ) I do not care how clean the house be , you be mean to be look after she ! mother ( 0o.s. ) where be you ? you do not tell I you be go out ! jemimah take she sister 's clothes off tilly . sister 's bedroom . jemimah sit at the computer . she have a instant chat message from the dating site . it read '' hello tilly . randy here . '' she respond '' hi '' . the other user type '' do you want to meet ? '' she respond '' ok '' . ext . backyard - day . jemimah be brush tilly 's coat . jemimah now do not be scared . I x11 be with you . and then we can have the puppy . int . dine room - night . the family eat in silence . jemimah be cheerful . the brother check he phone and laugh . brother you lemonade stand have go viral . the father hit he in the back of the head again . int . jemimah 's bedroom - night . jemimah lie in the dark , wide awake . she climb out of bed and attaches tilly 's lead . ext . family home - night . jemimah and tilly come out the front door and walk off . ext . bottle shop - night . jemimah and tilly walk past a group of loitering youths , who be drink . youth hey , it 's the '' fucked my Dog '' kid . they all laugh . ext . TEXAS chainsaw massacre house - night . jemimah knock at the door . it open and she 's lead inside with tilly . the door close loudly and lock . int . dark corridor , TEXAS chainsaw massacre house . the sound of dog bark , junk litter about . warm live room . jemimah sit opposite marge , a elderly woman who nurse tilly . marge do you parent know you be here ? jemimah shake she head . marge you should not be out at night . not at you age . you do not know I . I think local bitches dot com be a dog breeding site . you can understand my confusion when you look at some of the girl on there . jemimah ( moan ) my sister 's always on there . where 's Randy ? marge that 's he in the basket . marge point to randy , sleep in the corner , then feel tilly 's stomach . marge you parent want to have tilly de-sex ? they be a bit late , she 's already expect . tilly 's go to be a mummy very soon . jemimah light up with a wide smile . jemimah she 's have the puppy ?! int . marge 's car - night . marge drive jemimah home . jemimah , still beam , nurse tilly . ext . family home - night . marge 's car pull into the driveway . the police and jemimah 's parent be wait . fade out . fade in : int . family home - day . jemimah 's sister nurse a newborn baby . jemimah play with a litter of puppies . jemimah ( v.o. ) they say that to have good luck be the best plan . I do not know what that mean but what I do know now be that kid can find some really helpful stranger on Internet dating site . fade out .