script X ext . northeastern industrial CITY = day camera pan a modern cityscape on a fall afternoon in 1981 . a rejunvenate downtown core , all glass and steel , eventually reveal a fade garment district , a warehouse area in decline and finally a old city market . the colorful marketplace , bustling with commerce , . be the heart of a work class neighborhood create — by the melting pot . ext . old CITY market = industrial CITY - day as the camera travel we see a young modern priest engage two hassidic rabbinical student in animated conversation beside a aging synagogue . a Roman Catholic church , young than the synagoque by two decade , stand directly across the street . Immigration cycle have shape this distincly american neigh - borhood ; a kosher poultry market sit beside a portuguese fresh fish stand ; a italian groceteria beside a Greek bakery . in a nearby park , widow in black socialize on bench while watch they grand - child at play . Homes build for cold climate but paintea tropical color surround the park . camera hold on a three - story brick house under renovation . ext , renovated house = market neighborhood = day a air compressor be pump air through a sand pot . Three blast hose snake up to three sandblaster on hydraulic deck at the third - floor level of the house . other member of the renovation crew surround the machinery . close on one sandblaster work on the brick facade . junior jean , 18 , a electrian 's helper , be below the sandblaster , sit on the ledge of a second - floor window , she take a drill from she toolbelt and start drilling . frank , 24 , she boy - friend and boss , be stand beside he van -- '' United Electrical system . " he shout over the noise toward junior jean . frank hey , Jean !... do not forget the ionizer ... okay ? jean nod . put down she drill as the hydraulic deck above she begin to descend . the sandblaster be wear a protective suit and helmet visor . close on helmet as it 's remove , Long , black hair tumble out . raven , 8 remarkably beautiful girl of 19 , descend , pass in front of jean , who be drilling again . raven wave at jean as the platform head toward the ground . ( C ext . renovated house = market neighborhood = day raven walk toward the crew trailer park in the driveway . slip out of she protective suit to reveal a tight pair of painter 's overall . she have a bell - ~ boy on she hip . sit on the step of the trailer and take she work boot off . she 's slip into a pair of high ~ fashion stiletto boot as frank approach . raven you like my new boot ? frank . . Real nice . raven seventy buck . they be Quinto 's . frank you go to be around later ? moment when raven look up at junior jean drilling . frank glance up toward jean and back to raven . raven stand , grab a large pink tote bag that 's pack with personal belonging and admire she boot . raven I dunno frankie ... supercute boot , be not they ? raven in a rush start to leave , wave up to junior jean . frank I guess I and junior Jean will see you over at the bar later . raven nod , beam . wave and walk out of frame . ext . sidestreet - market neighborhood ~ day raven have take a bowler hat with a feather on it out of she tote bag . put it on she head . bop down the street to the sound of she own internal music . a heavy housewife in she fifty wave with she broom to the pass girl . raven be obviously know in the neighborhood . at the end of the street , a short , intense italian man in he sixty be finish a bright , primitive mural that all but cover the house . it 's as if the house be in itse ?£ , a illustration . c , . ext . illustrate kbouse - market neighborhood = day as raven pass she shout up to the artist . raven so , Mr. corelli ... you get permission from the city ? artist do not care from city ! City can not tell I how to paint ! I paint story of ... raven 7 . ».. of you family , I know . good luck , Mr. corelli . raven laugh , pass on as the artist earnestly return to mural . ext . pasich bakery - market neighborhood = day mrs , pasich , a elderly woman , dress in the old country manner and wear a baker 's apron rush out of thetimeworn bakery . she 's carry a elabor - eat pastry . we see raven embrace she , take thc . pastry , bite into it . howard pasich , about 30 , short - cropped hair , moustache , wear a baker 's apron and a tight T-shirt that read : " fly aeroflot " , walk from the old oven room , into the shop and out of he mother 's bakery . he 's cover in flour . howard well ? raven ( shrug ) it 's okay . I like the chocolate thing better . mrs . pasich ( Central - european accent ) see . I tell you . howard ( glare at raven ) mama . you have the taste of a peasant . raven laugh . howard walk back into the bakery . stops. turn . continued howard ( sarcasm ) I suppose I will have to pick up the new makeup tonight . raven what a guyl howard , irritate , walk off . . raven Howard ? do not be late tonight . . * . ( shout ) I will kill you ... ramo martinez , 25 , dress much like howard . ( he life at the top of the bakery with he ) , wave at raven from a upstairs window , ext , MAIN STREET ~- garment factory = day raven continue she route . she cross the street and head toward one particular building -~ " modern : mode Factory annex . " int , modern mode factory annex = garment distrct = day camera track down row upon row of man and woman , all manner of race and ethnie persuasion , at they machine in this vast sewing room . a radio be tune to a portugeuse music program . thread and piece of material be pile everywhere on the floor , @s be paper pattern . camera hold on vera in she middle forty , gecidedly overweight . she 's . eat a burger . vera , frank be mother , be stare cut of the large floor - to- ceiling window . catch bight of raven crossing the street . grab a parcel , put down she burger and rush toward a door . a chinese floor supervisor in he thirty call after she . supervisor Vera , .. how we doin’ on sample 7417 ? vera I be go to bring in more fabric . vera hurry out the door . ' 9 ext , modern mode factory annex = garment district —- day vera hand raven the parcel . raven be have trouble fitting the parcel in she bag . vera you have get you whole . life in there , raven . raven I know . I be a mess . vera there be not a guy in town who would not die to take care of you mess . raven - ( pause ) be it hard to make this time ? vera sort of . I end up knock off italian vogue . raven you come tonight ? vera ( nod ) Howard and I get to check out some space uptown , but I will make it . Hell , I always make it ... raven thanks , Vera . you be the best ... i' 21 wear it tilt it do not quit . vera hurry back upstairs . raven move quicly down the street . vivacious . imperturbable . head never stop turn . 10 int . olitski be gym -- market neighborhood - day raven be slip out of a pair of parachute pants to reveal a brief and sexily throw together dancer 's warm - up costume . body builder , both male and female , be pump up as the camera pan . raven wave across the room to what be obviously close friend -=- four dramatically attractive girl in they late teens ~~ nadia , lorraine , solitary and tina tech . the girl body glisten with sweat as they work out on exercise machine . raven pose in front of a mirror in a elegantly pxagerate move that project both deep concentration and deep sexvality . she keep tensing she calf muscle and seem to be examine they . she walk over to the stand calf raise Machine and put on a heavy shoulder press . she start work the inside of she calf , then the outside . musical sequence : montage of flex torso and muscle as the entire gym appear to be building to a vein-popp pump . tony , the instructor - owner wander past raven . tony I would not do a burn on that calve ... you will get too much definition ... raven they be only 12 inch . tony but that 's great ... raven they will not be right until they be 's 12 and a half . tony ( laugh ) you be something else girl . tony pass and stop by a huge male builder dead lift . raven leave the machine and walk toward she friend . she stop in front of tina tech , whose short hair be oile and slicked back as be she eye~ brow . her warm - up costume be skin tight and make of a sliver metalic material . tina look positively pneumatic as she wrist curl two bell weight . raven Tina , you 'rr crazy . look at that bicep cut ... continued 10 ( cont would ) tina and check the deltoid ... I want to look hard , raven you have get to keep you look female . tina God raven . what 's female ? I be into hi-tech . that 's I . Tina tech ... raven hi-tack be more like it . tina look . see this wrist curl . one at a time . Fifteen pound . I do ninety percent angle work with my arm and shoulder . after seven time I wait for the burn . then when I be aching I do 21 set of seven move ... the last one . be really ball busting . raven you be get way too muscley , Tina . tina do not you want to look perfect ? raven sure . but like one of that illus - tration in a magazine . kind of air-brush . . not hard . tina . . ex - cuse I , Little Annie fannie . look ... I be bear with big lat ... ( show she back ) I be into muscle . what can I say ? I want to get 60 I look real industrial . continued raven it will serew up you dance . tina I doubt it ... the two friend stop talk and pose unselfcons= - ciously in the wall - mirror , strike strange , physical attitude one after the other . lorraine , nadia and solitary , notice this , break off from the machine and approach they . raven arch backward , undulate , trail she long , black hair on the floor and lift she head up between she leg and out again in what appear to be the world 's most suggestive dance move . solitary that 's hot ... wadia Real nasty . lorraine do you learn that step ? or do you make they up ? raven they be not step . they be hot pose that move . ( do two move ) see that ... that 's the conga Press ... and that ... that 's the bugagku ... now that be step ... lorraine how do you know about stuff . like that ? raven from library book . anyway it 's better when you make it up . tina tech ( jokingly ) easy for you to say , bitch . raven walk over to a big portable radio-cassette player sit by the mirror . pushes in tape ; msic . continued 10 ( cont would ) il 1 | ' - 12 the { C c 13 gc. raven okay , you guy . two half - hour stretch and move routine . nadia bullshit ! you be late ... the five dancer fal ] into individual concentration and move to they image in the mirror . music build . they be extraordinary to leok at . unique . before long the whole gym be rock . , ext . STREET ~ market neighborhood = day six biker , late teens and early twenty , in leather but no club insignia be recklessly drive the market street . they be behave uproariously with each other , obviously high . as they wheel onto market STREET , one point out a forty delivery truck paint a unlikely color -- '' pasich' bakery . " they gun they new yamahas and race toward the truck . int . delivery truck ~ market STREET ~ day 's howard be drive . vera next to he . vera where be we go to get money like that ? maybe we should forget about open uptown ... howard do I a favor ... do not ou prick my little alloon . howard see the biker in he rear-view mirror . howard shit ! ext . market STREET - day the biker draw up on either side , dangerously Close to the truck , and make goad gesture . howard be livid . continued 13 14 15 ( cont would ) boward ( scream ) asshole ! suddenly the biker get into formation and criss= cross in front of he . almost run into one , howard swerve . bis truck hit the sidewalk , narrowly miss a fruit stall , frantically he gain control of the truck . the biker , laugh , pull up in front of a nearby 24 - hour coffee shop attach to the Greyhound Bus Depot , a local hangout . shake with rage , howard drive the truck to the hard hat bar and grill . ext . hard hat bar and grill ~ market STREET ~- day the hard hat be a three - stery building directly across from the bus depot . howard and vera get out , the biker surround the truck , chat with each other aimlessly as if nothing happen . vera {under she breath ) ignore this doorknob will you ? howard have to squeeze past two biker to get to the bar . at one point he stop , squeeze back to the truck and take out a handmade , cedar makeup case , ( an-etmusphere - cf -extrememenacé . -< _ first biker what 's the matter , Howard ? second biker uss do you souffle fall ? howard give they a finger as he enter the bar with vera . int . dressing room - hard hat bar and grill ~ night camera track across the dress room slowly . a long counter and mirror with makeup light , behind five stool be five plexiglas platform with gate . we be introduce to five flashdancer in final stage of preparation . first we see nadia , a@ gymnast dancer . she 's wear a high - fashion black and white harlequin costume with three costume change underneath . wer look be almost operatic , half she face in black greasepaint and half in continued re meee anata ae lll tart sr eile SE hr 15 ( cont would ) white pancake makeup , she lip a slash of scarlet . she 's apply eyeliner . next to she be solitary , a ultra Wave dancer . she wear a pink cape over a black silk balloon - like outfit that be all one piece . she 's strapping on pink high heel with pink tie that wrap around she calve . lorraine , be wear a shape one - piece leopard outfit , lizard stilettos , high - fashion jewelry knock - off and multi-color makeup give she a feline look . next be tina tech wear a hard hat that have be cut down to look like a skull cap . on the front of the hat be a worker 's hammer cross with a lighten bolt . she 's wear a see-through plastic overall . Inside we can see other costume in plastic and in various primary color . she 's wrap , snake - like , in hi-tech electrical extension cord in various pastel color . on she foot be a pair of plexiglas high heel with live goldfish swimmi.g in the heel . tina be feed other goldfish in a small aquarium in front of she . finally we see raven , unquestionably the star here . she 's not completely dress yet . pamos , who life with howard , be a hair - dresser whose work be too extreme for the uptown salon . he 's blow - drying raven be hair . raven reach for a bottle of amaretto nearby and pour it over a piece of cheesecake . eat a forkful . ramo you know what they use to say about Marilyn Monroe ? raven ( preoccupy ) that she always wear she bra to bed . ramo how do you know ? it must be true . raven you tell I ... ( turn ) Tina , do not you feel weird about kill that goldfish everynight ? tina . they be just goldfish ... anyway , they be cheap . ( cont would ) a angry howard enter in a rush . broward ( flustered ) they have a 1 ] get motorcycle for dick ! Little bastard ! solitary Jesus . not they again , raven do you bring the rhoplex ? broward the only place that have it be a art supply shop ... do you like my hazelnut cheesecake ? raven ( smile ) fabulous . howard be not it to die ? ' $ ramo ( sarcasm ) he put he secret ingredient in it this week . tina do you mix my nailpolish , Howard ? howard open he kit and ' show tina a pot of mix nailpolish . tina that 's not industrial grey ! roward it 's gunboat grey . it will have to do . as howard begin to coat raven be face with the creamy rhoplea substance , vera rush in carry a black and silver jump suit that look like a space costume , ramo sprinkle silver star and glitter on the wild hair style then pass the blower over she face . the substance harden into a translucent , second , plastic skin . raven look airnbrush , more magazine continued se ee rt re fa 15 16 {cont would ) dllustration than human -- larger than life . she 's wear a satin black and silver bra , mauve leotard with fish net stocking roll over the leotard , al ] this with mauve high heel . vera it 's ready . raven step into the costume . howard . put finish toucn on she makeup . he take a can of mineral spray and spray she face until she glisten . she look sensational . raven step into the center plexiglas cylindrical platform . close the gate and press a button . the plexiglas fill with agqua - marine smoke , music be building . press the button on a speaker behind the platform . ramo finish she hair . howard make the makeup precise . vera fussing with the costume . voice from speaker ready raven ? raven close she eye , pose she head up . leg spread . body fill with the building music . the other dancer step inte they cylindrical platform . raven ( to speaker ) okay . now ... the sovnd of a motor hum . raven begin she gescent through the dress room floor . int . hard hat showbar ~ market neighborhood - night first impression describe the kind of bar you would expect in a work class neighborhood ; budweiser , bourbon and the inevitable steeler game on a color televison set above the bar . Bus driver , blue - collar worker , some Oriental regular from a nearby Chinatown , a few man in suit . at the far end be a unusual proscenium create for the " live enter - tainment . '' a sky with cloud be paint on the ceiling above the stage . the audience itself be divide by @ translucent , aquamarine glass room where tape be play and the lighting be organize . as the music build , raven , she back to the audiunce , descend from the ceiling in she cylindrical platform . continued { 16 ( cont would ) 1 ? she stand rigid , leg spread and lift she hand high above she as if she be be tie up . her body be hit by lime green laser beam that give the visual effect of be tie up . the four other platform and four other dancer descend dance to the music . almost as quickly as they arrive they ascend and finally disappear . the music shift in mood and momentum . raven break she laser bond , step out of she platform and move into a astonish dance , precisely choreograph to the music and the lyric . the dance defy physical endurance at one moment and be cool and graceful the next . ' the audience show a certain kind of awe . camera introduce paul potoker , & young 38 , a man attractive for both he look and success . a dynamic businessman and crusade citizen , he look out of place here , sit with a friend , steal time before a squash game . he can not take he eye off raven . int . hard hat showbar '' market neighborhood =- day as the production number continue , raven do a stylish peal of costume and put they back on again . more flash than strip , the flashdancer do not like burlesque . her root be in the fashion photograph , magazine illustration , godess - like notion of ideal womanliness . raven almost ignore the audience , create she own narcissistic theatre . she be more interested in see herself move in the mirrore wall behind the stage . she mouthes the lyric to the production piece as if the song be directly about she life , she fantasy . in the avdience we see frank hold junior jean be hand . he be stare at raven with no small amount of wonder . take he hand away from jean , sip a beer . jean look closely at frank , at the apprecia - tion and excitement reveal on he face . vera , howard and ramo enter the bar from upstairs and sit at a table . the six principle waitress , all wear vera' high - fashion imitation , stop serve to watch raven . they dream be to one day make it as a flashdancer . the waitress , all in they late teens , know the music so well that they be mouth the lyric too , . try to strike raven be ultimate attitude , rock on they foot , as if they be part of the dance . the production number end with a triumphant ascent into the dress room . the show - bar be jump with applause , cheer and beer be slam on the table . paul potoker and friend make they way to the exit . continued rarr ( cont would ) junior jean I can not believe she . frank un~believable . vera never mind she , that costume ! italian vogue eat you heart out ! oturn to Howard who 's . bbtare at potoker ) be not the costume too perfect ? hey , Howard ... howard ' be not that Paul potoker ? vera who ? broward potoker . a real powerful guy . always raise shit in the papers about something . potoker finally exit . ext . hard hat bar and grill ~ market STREET - night paul potoker and friend exit the bar and walk toward potoker be porsche . they be carry squash equipment . paul Fred , who be they ? fred local kid . very serious about what they do . they call themselves flashdancer . paul ( arrive at the car ) that creature with the lone black hair . I wonder if she have any idea how good she be ? man , have this neighborhood change . continued ae rrs a aa ~*~ 18 19 20 ( cont would ) both get in . drive off . camera hold on hard hat bar and grill . int . vera' house ~ upstair - market area = day two bedroom door be close to a hallway and bathroom . one door open and frank walk out in he underwear , seriously hang over . the second door open . it 's . junior jean in a bath robe . jean look at he . she 's hurt . he 's silent , sheepish . her hurt turn to a angry glare . she walk away . he make he way into the bathroom , : . + . int . vera' house - kitchen = market area - day vera be at breakfast in a large but cluttere kitchen . a sewing table against the wall be cover with fashion magazine and illustrator 's annual . beside the magazine , laid out neatly ds a unusually stylish figure skater 's costume , 50 high - fashion it 's unlike any see before . vera , dress for work , be pour ketchup over she french toast . jean arrive and wince at the sight of the ketchup . junior jean what be it with you ? ketchup and french toast ? vera m-m-mmmm . m-m-mmmmn . vera tear hungrily into the frech toast . jean take a piece of french toast froma plate . open the refrigerator and take out pancake syrup . sit down . . junior jean be you go to let I pay room and board er not ? I really want to know ... vera Jean , I dunno . it 's not necessary . you be family to I . junior jean do not the dancer pay for you seamstress work ? continued ae tent oe at 20 ( cont would ) vera they cover the cost of the material , hey , anyway , it 's a opportunity to build up my line . I can not go on do piece work at the factory forever . if I and Howard can ever get we shop together , I will have some sort of inventory . junior jean that 's a fantasy ... it 's be year now , Vera . vera no more fantasy than you figure skate . J do not spend half th- night finish that costume ... ° ( point ) think all that 's a fantasy , do I ? damn it , girl . if you work hard it might come to you . that 's all we can hope for in this goddamn world . junior jean I would just feel better if you would take some money . vera you should work it out with Frank . it 's between you and Frank . junior jean I have get to start think - ing there 's more to life than Frank . frank walk tenderly into the kitchen . a obvious tension between junior jean and frank continued 20 ( cont would ) sean get up to leave . moist eye . : junior jean I better get ready for work . sunior jean exit . vera go to the stove . frank sit down , head in hand . frank just juice and coffee . I can not eat . : . vera bring over coffee and juice . vera you be a real shit last night . Jean and I have to come home alone . where do you go ? frank ( hold he head ) please , ma. not now . vera if you father be alive he would give you a swift kick in the ass . '' prank groan . sip he coffee shakily . vera I hate it when you get into the juice like that . why do not you smoke dope or something ? frank I like beer . vera I can not stand the way you be treat you girlfriend lately . frank I do not do nothing to junior Jean , vera exactly right . you do not ao nothing . continued 20 ( cont would ) frank give I a break . vera she wake up alone in she room every morning , the only time it 's really good with you two be when she wake up in you room ... frank ( shrugging - it off ) we have be work we ass off . vera what 's wrong ? you can not get it up ? . sound of the back goor shutting . howard enter . frank do we have to talk about ' be this at breakfast ? . howard good morning fellow capitalist ! vera hi... I be nearly ready . oturn to Frank ) you should have a man- to - man talk with Howard , here . I be sure he can get it up . frank wince . vera turn back to howard . broward we kind rub nose . frank ( laugh ) nose job ! CC - ' continged ' . 20 21 ( cont would ) vera oh , shut up , Frank . howard hurry ... I be tell you ... I think I find we shop ... vera and the Pope eat kreplach . i i : | howard exit . vera make to follow . howard { 0.5 . ) let 's go Big Mac ! frank hey , ma . why do Howard call you Big Mac ? vera ( embarrassed ) because it 's my favorite lunch ... who know .... frank find this hysterical , he can not stop laugh . vera , conscious of she weight , throw a magazine at he . . vera it 's not funny ! int , raven' loft - warehouse district = day camera pan a loft with mach space and light . exotic plant hang over the large window . the brick wall have be sandblasted by raven herself . equipment for stripping and blanching the wood floor be sit at the middle of the loft , the painstake job be only partially do . on the wall be turn - of - the century anatomical drawing of horse in flight , and a layout of risque underwear from penthouse magazine . what little furniture there be here be art deco . a art deco vase fill with tulip sit on a art deco table beside a mattress on the floor ; a bed leave unmade . two half empty wine glass sit on the floor beside the mattress . on a homemade chair be discard leotard , a picture book call , modern dance from ballet to rock and Roll , a self - help primar on how to do you own tax , a pair of purple pump , marijuana bong , and a jacket that announce eoth " Frank " and '' United Electrical systen .* continued 22 22 23 ( cont would ) camera pass a chinese screen and hold on raven in front of a mirror and a sink . she 's wear a forty red silk suit buy from a thrift shop . a pill box hat and veil , seam nylon and black high heel cover with red glitter spray . raven be put on the final touch of she elaborate makeup job . car honk from outside . she rush to window and see a rusted out , powder - blue comet park below . wave . rushes to door . ext . vacant build + uptown boutique district = day vera step out of the pasich 's bakery truck while howard excitedly open the front door ‘of a neglect frame garage turn storage building . the building look disreputable beside a expensive antique shop and vera show she disappointment . it 's the one sad structure on a street otherwise populate by boutique , posh shop , a outdoor cafe and , the con - servatory for contemporary dance . vera you have get to be joke ? int . vacant build - uptown boutique district ~ day vera follow howard , it 's worse inside . . howard what do you expect for $ 450.00 a month ? bloomingdale ? vera more than & garage . broward coach house ... please . best location we have see . vera you free-lance pastry money . my piece work . that cover the rent , my material , you cosmetics . but this place ? whose go to renovate ? certainly not the landlord . howard we will do it ... vera when the Pope eat kreplach . that 's when i°11l do it . continued 23 24 25 26 ( cont would ) howard we will do iti ext . uptown STREET - boutique district = day the eccentric blue comet , carry nadia , solitary , tina tech in the back seat , raven in the front , lorr - aine drive , turn onto the street and head toward the bakery truck , the car and the girl , all wear outrageous street fashion , cause shopper ' head to turn . int . lorraine's car ~ uptown STREET - " day the girl be have a great time flaunt themselves to the uptown crowd . tina tech parody one of the well - heele shopper , a middle - age man obviously gay . tina tech check out the bum-burgler . nadia lah-de-dah . raven ' there it be . there 's the truck . ext . uptown STREET = boutique district - day the car slow . as it do it pass the conservatory of contemporary dance . ' two , sleek , confident , upper middle - class girl in they late teens be walk down the step wear leg warmer . it 's a private school for exceptional student : originally influence by the martha Graham and merce cunningham school . the car pass the girl . mutual stare . mutual fascination . nadia ( sarcastic ) pah-cee-doo , . raven ah , calm down , nadia , I be hunc over . the car finally pull up behind the truck . tina tech not that shithouse ? continued 26 ( cont would ) lorraine I think it 's cute . 27 int . vacant build = uptown boutique district - day the girl walk in lead by raven . howard well . look what the eighty drag in ... vera would you girl talk to - this man ? '' 450 a month ... tina tech it cost that to park you car around here . howard if you all pitch in how long would it take to fix ? lorraine not that long . it 's . real cute ... raven be pull up a piece of linoleum . the rest of the girl despite be stylishly turn out , , move around the place like laborer , shifting box , check wall . raven there 's a pine floor under this . it would look great stripped . Hell of a job though . howard how long ? raven we only get Sunday off ... I would say , maybe four Sunday , double shift . nadia and solitary grimace at each other . solitary c'mon , you guy . we be the only two with boyfriend . continued 27 ( cont would ) vera walk tina tech trust solitary to try to weenie out ... raven I will do the roof and floor work . lorraine , Tina be a great carpenter . I will paint . vera 's a 's ( warily ) I guess Frank and Jean could do the extra wiring ... howard great ! great ! gr... ( turn to Vera ) let 's go do the lease ... raven she have to come with t we ! Jean 's compete a the regionals . nervously . ponder . turn to raven , now excited . vera it 's okay . I ‘l1 have Howard take I to the arena . we be uptown now anyways . howard rush over and embrace vera . a mood of exultation . tina . by the way I borrow some makeup from you case ... for Jean ... howard not my electric red ? tina . not you own stuffl .. , . just some madelaine mono ... continved 27 28 L ' 29 30 ( cont would ) howard just because I do you makeup for peanut do not mean I be a patron of the art . it will cost someone eight buck , raven we will chip in . do not worry . howard ( gleefully look - . ing around ) I do not care .. take it all . take it all ... ext . gas station - market neighborhood = day the old comet pull into a gas station . the driver , lorraine , get cut walk over to a self - serve gas pump . macho in the extreme she shove the nozzle into she tank . a wind blow she dress high , expose red stilettos and pink seam stocking . she ignore stare from blue collar worker . do not bother hold the dress down . raven lean out of the window . raven hurry up ! lorraine do not get you tit in a knot . int . kitchen = vera' house = day junior jean be nervously search through the cabinet above the kitchen sink . she take out a container of prescribe pill , they be vera be diet pill . she pop two and pocket two more . she 's wear & long cloak . start to pace frantically . she 's beside herself with anxiety . car ronk from outside . she pick up she equipment bag and race toward the door . int . lorraine's car - market neighborhood - day the car be speed along the street , a atmosphere of tension and anticipation . finally jean break the silence . continued . 30 i 31 32 {cont would ) junior jean turn here ... lorraine how come ? junior jean I have gotta stop by the church a sec ... tina tech Jesus ! what for ? jean turn to tina . she 's frantic . junior jean I want to see the priest . lorraine we do not have time ! ounior jean I just have to ... for luck . the girl do not laugh . they understand completely . raven put a comforting arm around junior jean . raven I will go in with she ... ext , roman catholic church ~ market district ~- day comet in background as raven and jean mount the stair of the church , approach the main door , raven why be you 50 jumpy ? junior jean nothing . int . roman catholic church ~ market neighborhood - day raven walk with jean down the aisle toward the confession box , talk quietly , strike a almost maternal pose . raven that uptown girl be real snob . pretend they do not exist . do not let they get to you ... continued a ee 32 33 ( cont would ) junior jean zi just have to make it . raven you do not understand , Jean , do you know how much it cost for tai and Randy just to train for a year ? junior jean {not listen ) how come you give up skate , raven . Tina tell I you be good . '' '' jean pull the chord the ring for the priest . she 's tremble . raven the uptown kid have a big advantage . they could pay for private club membership ; they have club pro anytime they need they ... you train at the St. John 's rink , right ? . junior jean right . raven so do I . that 's for poor people . junior jean it 's okay . I ; copy jump and stuff from tv . raven blanch . jean pull the chord again . the young modern priest , see in the market earlier , walk slowly to the confessional box from the rear of the church . he 's cireling stock in the Wall Street Journal . ~~ int . confession BOX - catholic church ~ day the priest be still circle stock . he do not bother to open the grate in front of he . priest welcome . continued 34 ° ( cont would ) curt to : jean be portion of the confession box . she perform the sign of the cross . jean the Father .. the son... and the Holy ghost ... cut to : priest be portion of the confession box . distract . , priest it will not be necessary to read , the scripture . I would rather you read God 's word on you own time ... when be you last confessicu ? curt to : jean be side of the confession box . ' jean ( frenetic , rapid - fire delivery ) look , Father ... : I gotta get this over with because i : I be in a real hurry . I be Jean cavastani , .. I live with Frank 1 rosenberg and he ma but I guess ; you would not know they . anyway , I want to confess my sin because 1 I can not afford to have anyone | come down on I today . es - pecially God . and especially 's today . today be the biggest ( day of my life , Father . I be compete in the figure skate regionals and it 's terribly , terribly important for I to place , if I do not , I '11 just gie . I and Vera spend week [ get the costume together which be fantastic . and all my spare time ( which be not much because of my job ) ... all my spare time go on my jump . anyway , here 's what I think my sin be ... 1 jerk ... 's I mean , I masturbate a lot because t - - Frank be off I this day and I have never be with another boy . ( more ) continved | tt tne mite wi ) ote 34 35 {cont would ) sean ( cont 'd ) anyway , I do not think sex be a sin , but I think Z should tell you just in case . what I be really freak about be that I steal this diet pill , this deximil from Vera who 's kind of chubby and do not miss they yet . like today ... 1 think it 's the pill that make I 5o nervous . cuT to : priest be portion of the confession box . pushes the grate open and stare at wonder at this creature give she speed - rap confessional , from priest Pov . priest ( under he breath ) Jesus Christ ... junior jean it 's not that I be a addict . or anything . it 's just what with my work and skate I need high energy ... I be smaller than my friend ... I be the only ene who skate and it 's real im - portant for I to be good at something . my friend be real fantastic and raven , {you do not know raven ) be beyond fantastic . anyway , I know pop {s a mortal sin because in school they use to say take drug break the fifth commandment ... " thou shalt not kill ... " because it 's like kill you own body . ° I work hard and I be really healthy s0 , maybe , just maybe , that make up for it . you know what I mean ? int , racquet and skating club ~ uptown = day jill potoker , 15 , a attractive but haughty blonde , aristocratic in a pale blue figure skate costume , be in the middle of she free~style . the music , classical in theme , be appropriately continued mbarara et ak 35 36 ( cont would ) suite for she move which have , about they , a cold but exquisite refinement . her father , padl , and she mother , elaine , 36 , dark , black hair , impeccably dress , very attractive , be watch on one side of the arena . other uptown parent with politely turn out child , various coaches and judge and cultivate contestant be on the same side of the arena . camera pan to the opposite side of the . arena from paul' Pov . dwarf in the empty bleacher be rave !: , tina , solitary , lorraine and nadia look decidely out of place in they street high - fashion plummage . vera be fussing with the long cloak wrap around junior jean . jill be routine be move toward a spirite culmination . junior jean ( to raven ) she 's good . the best so far . . raven nod . as jill finish , applause ring across the aren 's . paul , and elaine , delighted and proud , embrace jill as she skate off . the judge , head down in the judge 's box , be confer . int . racquet and skating club = uptown - day " jill potoker be mark be hold up high by the judge . mostly five / six and five / seven for artistic inter - pertation . , they be the best mark of the day . jill take the accomplishment in a matter - of - fact manner . frank , late , come rush in . junior jean why do I have to skate after she ? nadia I think she be corny . lorraine . yeah , she move like she have a pickle up she ass . raven she be good , but you can not think about it . you be the best . solitary just be yourself . the p/a system announce jean be nime . continued 37 frank - {out of braath ) ; blow ‘em away , jeanie ! vera take the cloak . jean move toward the gate . she skate slowly to the spotlight at center ice . polite applause from the polite side . cheer from she friend . int . racquet and skating club = uptown ~ day jean stand in the spotlight , she head down , strike a almost religious pose . perform the sign of the cross . her music begin . a slow jazz saxaphone present a unlikely musical beginning : but stir in it 's freshness . she move forward ; slowly , eloquently , and suddenly stop , grip with stage fright . she seem forlorn , almost lose in she grand costume , everdress for the occasion : she body hide away in what now be only a good idea at the time . vera tunder she breath ) move , Jean , move . the music abruptly change into hard surface rock . junior jean spring to life in a circular step sequence , she 's immediately electric . the t flashdancers beside the board , lead by raven , start a extraordinary dance , mouth the lyric . paul potoker can not take he eye off raven , who he recognize . junior jean do a number of unorthadox move that be quite ston . she fly into e double loop jump . she 's very good . still , most eye in the audience turn to raven who have become the star here . jean look toward raven , and uncon - sciously begin to follow she momentum , compete with she . it 's too much for she . in the midst of a gobble lutz jump she crash to the ice . groan from the audience . frank shake he head . not meee meen eat no neat raven ( shout ) get up ! jean struggle to she foot . her eye again on raven , who , suddenly appear to she as a vision ; abstract , jarger than life . she push into another double lutz jump . crashes to the ice again . tear roll down she face . raven ( strangely angry ) get up ! get vp ! continued 37 38 39 ( cont would ) jean struggle to she foot again . the music build . sean can not move . she stand at center ice stare at raven still move superbly to the musie . music stop . raven stop , silence , jean and raven be leave stare at each other , not yet comprehend what have happen between they . frank step on ice . sean skate over . he embrace she . int . pasich be bakery ~ market neighborhood = day howard , cover in flour , be before 's large open oven shoveling loaf of bread onto cool rack . he 's run with perspiration , surround by rack of bread , as he work he do a comical Julia child routine under he breath . ramo ( 0.5 . ) be today you plum or watermelor day ? hokard think . put down he wood baking pallate . yell back . howard watermelon ! howard walk toward a staircase just outside the oven room . walk up . int . the pasich apartment - market neighborhood ~ day the five-room apartment above the bakery be a curious mix of old world and designer decor . ramo be cut a slice of watermelon and put it ona plate . howard arrive . ramo this be a dumb diet . howard bette midler lose 15 . pound on it . howard take the plate . join he mother at the kitchen table . she 's study the bakery 's account . howard what 's the story mama ? mrs . pasich we can spare maybe 300 more dollar . not more . fven a penny . continued 39 ( eont would ) ramo I collect from clos normand ees the freelance pastry be down $ 72 this month ... howard it 's 50 trendy uptown . one minute they want creams , the next ? . ( eat watermelon ) anyway , we match Vera 's money . the shop will open on time . ramo you be grive yourself too hard , Howard , it 's ridiculous . up at five in the morning every day ... mrs . pasich you be no chicken no more . ramo ( laugh ) . do not tell he thas mama pasich ... howard ne and Vera be go to give we customer a complete new look , this be over break . you watch . there 's nothing around like what we do ... mrs . pasich Ramos . tell he to be happy with bakery . be good enough for Mr. pasich ... howard get up and open a series of pastry hox . ignore mother . howard ( angry ) you know ? bastard ! I be miss to fresh fruit torte ! 1 have a good idea of what little bastard be thieve my torte ... bastard } 40 41 ext . renovated bouse ~ market neighborhood = day close on one of three sandblaster blast the third - Story facade of the previously - see house under renovation . out of the corner of she headgear , raven see the forlorn figure of junior jean walk toward the house . raven turn off she blast hose . struggle out of headgear . wave to renovation crew foreman . her hydraulic deck begin to descend . tina tech work as a carpenter 's helper walk up to raven . junior jean approach . raven I hope you be feel better . junior jean half smile , nod . there 's a noticable tension between they . . raven I be late . I will see you two later ... junior jean and tina tech watch raven walk off . they begin to walk with each other . ext . residential STREET - market neighborhood - day junior jean and tina tech be walk silently together . tina put a sisterly arm aroundher friend as they walk . tina be wear she work clothes , junior jean , a bomber jacket and jeans . junior jean ( blood - shot eye ) the judge do not even get to hold up the card . tina you have some great moment . you will get another shot ... junior jean I be better than that Tina . a lot better . something happen ... tina you lose concentration . I see it ... continued i 41 ( cont would ) 42 43 they waik together silently for awhile . junior jean what do you really think of raven ? tina she 's a fabulous dancer . junior jean I mean really . . . tina she 's one of that people who do not need thing . do not need card hold up to know she 's perfect six . junior jean sometimes she scare I ... tina I think she scare all of we . sometimes ... they face each other as if they be share a secret . shout from across the street break mood , ext . illustrate house = market neighborhood = day a city official stand in front of he official car be listen to loud complaint from a heavy ~ set housewife , the next door neighbor to the illustrate house . the earnest italian muralist have add one more episode to he view of the world . a topless bless virgin suckling a christchild . the housewife be scream about the obscenity of it all . peer through a window curtain be a red - face mr , correlli . junior jean and tina burst into laughter . ext . uptown shop = boutique district = day raven , look statuesque in work clothes , be stand - ing on the roof of the dilapidate building howard and vera have decide to rent . she 's rip up and throw rotting shingles to the ground . below she , lorraine 45 painting a outside wall , raven stop for a minute to watch a sophisticated group of young dancers enter the conservatory down the street . continued alg { cont gs - howard , hold a sketch book , rush out . yell up to raven . howard two to tangol raven what ? . howard the name of the shop ! raven |. . ( beam ) ! terrific ... , lorriane I do not get it ? howard ° ( turn to lorraine ) it take ... two to ... | ( gesture ) lorraine do not understand at all . howard shake he head , rush back inside to confer with vera as raven climb gown ladder . lorriane move inside too . raven head off in the direction of the conservatory . - 4 44 ext . conservatory of contemporary dance =- day raven start up the step of the reconvert brownstone . the admission direcijor , a impose woman in she fifty , a be stand behind the glass door talk to a instructor . raven slow , intimidate and ' return to the bottom of the stair . she wander to the ) rear of the building and find a fire escape . on the second floor she see a door open to the air . hear music . climb up . 45 int . conservatory of contemporary dance ~ day jwelve dancers of the junior ensemble be move to a classic twyla twarp piece at the same time respond - ing to the didactic shout of a severe female instructor in she thirty . raven step behind the door and t watch . she 's never see this type of dance before . she 's impressed . c/ U moment : she finger stretch , leg , foot imitate the choreograph gesture . 46 ext . STREET = hard hat bar & grill — night howard be delivery truck pulis up in Front of the bar . he slam the door in a rage and move toward the depot coffee shop where the biker and a few groupies , who taunt he earlier be stand in front of they yamahas . howard , when angry , have a fearful physical presence . tina tech have just arrive at the door of the bar . look on . howard you be steal my torte , be not you ? first biker oturn to second ) hey , lenny . do you steal he tite ? horkard it 's my livelihood ! second biker ( grab breast of girl next to he ) I give ‘em to Norma here . c'mon , Howard . come get ' you tit . General laughter . howard lunge at the second biker , grab he , totally dominate . tina tech koward ! she run toward he as two other biker attack . second biker struggle free . as first biker move in tina , surprisingly strong , stop he . norma come at she . tina grab she by sweatshirt . tina tech touch I , bitch and I will xip you lung out . tina pull horard back , biker move toward they . a police car gown the street bring action to a halt . tina glare at the bixer . tina tech fuckin 's palookas ! howard and tina walk cautiously back to the bar . 47 . ag int . hard hat bar & grill = market neighrohood ~ night camera pan the bar , bus driver , worker , the regular , nick , the owner , stand behind the bar . the six principle waitress be rock to the music while carry trays of draft beer . occasionally they will put the trays down to do some impromptu flashdance between table . camera hold on paul potoker , dress in a expensive suit , sip a scot , watch raven dance . her look be more sophisticated this time . we see C / I choreograph gesture see earlier at the conservatory . she 's halfway through she dance , move she costume around . the music take a turn from jazz to rock . and roll . paul astonished as raven start to literally rip the dress she 's wear to shred expose a bilver - sequine tank top . the dress be make of a particular kind of disposable material . raven move into what appear to be balletic twirl and twist and we finally see the move see previously in olitski 's gym . her hair trail across : the ground and she face move up between she leg , undulate , swoops into another series of move , the bar go wild when raven ascend to the dress room . paul be stunne . howard approach paul . howard Mr. potoker ? int . hard hat bar and grill = dressing room = night ramo , busy do tina's makeup , hand raven a towel . ramo ( check nail ) you should use tip instead of fit . tina fit be better . when I get some extra money I be go to get some live Nails . ramo not that acrylic garbage ? the other dancers be busily prepare for the next number . vera be bring in piece of raven be next costume , raven notice tina be shoe . continued 48 49 ( cont would ) raven fast shoe you get there .. tina they're Louis jourdan . vera Charles jourdan ... 5 ix buck at the thrift shop . a steal ... int . hard hat bar and gill = night howard be sit with paul potoker , just finish write he phone number down on a match box cover . howard that 's my home , that 's the bakery number , the bar 's cn the front there ... paul I will see what I can do Howard .. boward I would be so grateful . if my pastry could sell at Les copain I would feel I would make the big time . raven enter the bar look particularly sexy . she stop to talk to one of the principle waitress . we see she from paul' Pov ... the waitress , pleased about something raven have say , put she tray down and rush toward the dress room stair . howard notice paul stare at raven . howard . that 's raven . she 's the regular diva , around here . paul beautiful ... howard you should meet she ... ( shout ; beckon ) raven ! raven , wave back , walk to the bar where there 's a large frothy white drink wait for she . start to stride towards howard be table . stop enroute at . continued + ee net ee eat 49 ( cont would ) frank be table , whose drink with other blue-collar worker , bend down and drag on he cigarette while it 's still in he hand , she eye still fix on paul potoker be stare . every bend , every move appear as if it 's mean for a camera . conscious that she performance continue off stage , raven move toward paul . there be , about she , a air of unobtainability . howard stand , step toward she , . roward ( under he breath ) . be nice ... he might °* om get I work . ( turn ; normal voice ) Paul potoker . this be raven . paul ' how do you do ... raven hi. music build . next dancer be about to come on 's , howard jesus. , . gotta scoot ... back in a sec ... howard rush off towards the dress room stair . paul stand , extend he hand to raven . for a second she do not understand , raven oh ... shake he hand , sit down . sip she drink voraciously through a straw . paul what be that ? raven a jellybean ... paul jellybean ? raven one ounce of vodka , one ounce kahula , one ounce banana liquer , blend with cream and crush ice in a blender ... '' continued ao ary noe : eon eet 49 ( cont would ) paul good God . raven taste it , paul tastes like a milkshake ... ( pause ) you be a : wonderful dancer , raven ... raven os . ( shrug ) I will be better next set ... fotoker ? I know that name . do you have anything to do with potoker developer ? paul the family business . raven yeah . I see you sign on a lot of new construc - tion ... be not you the guy always trash the other developer ? paul ( laugh ) I like to give they a hard time . I pay due in architectural school and somewhere along the line learn there 's more to building than make money . raven you do not look like you be starve to death . music shift . light up . the podium descend featur= ing lorraine in she high - style leopard costume . the previously see young waitress be dance on raven be podium . the podium ascend leave lorraine move to rhythmic brazilian music . she have about she a jungle scent . raven start to bop in she chair furiously sip she drink . paul can not btop look at she . total fascination . they both sit silently watch lorraine be performance . continued 49 ( cont would ) paul you drink like a stevedore . raven I lose a lot of water ... frank catch raven be eye . a tension between they . paul notice it . vera join frank be table . raven ( get up ) Nice meeting you ... 1 have to get back to my friend ... faul ( surprised at himself ) look. raven . I ... raven ( @efensive } uh ... I do not date customer ... paul . be that house policy ? raven it 's my policy . paul ( smooth smile ) i be harmless . raven funny . you do u't look harmless . paul I be marry . and have a daughter not that much young than you ... that 's harmless ... raven when do you get marry ? when you be twelve ? raven make to leave . impulsively turn back ... raven do you know where the donwood golf course be ? continued 49 50 ( cont would ) paul I think so ... raven you can meet I at the tenth hole Wednesday at six in the morning . paul be you nut ? raven . that 's the only time - . I have free ... paul you be put I on right ? raven ( sincerity ) nope ... tenth hole , six in the morning . raven walk to franks ' table and sit down . paul stare at she , shake he head , finally turn to lorraine be performance . int . raven' loft = warehouse district = day raven , in painter 's overall , be on she hand and knee stripping the hardwood floor of she loft . the loft , have just be clean , be pristine . great pride be behind the care in this home . knock at the door . raven it 's open ! frank walk in fresh from work . he still have he work clothes on . raven hi. frank do not you ever stop work ? raven stand , examine she work . raven you in a bad mood ? continued 50 51 ( cont would ) frank this contractor . they never pay they bill on time . raven you be tell I ? want a drink ? as raven walk toward the kitchen area she 's slip off she overall . ; frank : . let 's have a couple of cold ... raven take two beer out of the fridge . drop she overall . put on a pair of high heel . she 's only wear bikini pants . as she pour the beer , frank be discard all he clothing . he lay back on the bed and watch the vision of raven move toward he , she put the beer on a sidetable . matter-of - factly she climb on top of he . stare down into he eye . raven you steam I up , frankie . frank pull she roughly toward he , they kiss . deeply sexual , deeply physical . a scene all about appetite . int . junior jean be room ~ vera' house = day junior jean close the door behind she . her room be a self - create version of a tropical paradise complete with a plastic palm tree and escapist poster of Caribbean Islands . on one wall be a big poster of Peggy Fleming . she push a sound sleep device . we hear surf crash against a beach . she throw she bomber jacket and tool belt on the bed . a sen - timental , almost forty , musical atmosphere be evoke . jean undress straightforwardly . walk over to a wall mirror and examine she body academically . she push she breast up think that they sag a@ little , examine she profile . change she hair - style with she hand . she 's actually quite beautiful . in work clothes she appear short , tom -boyish . but without clothes ker body be reveal to be full and attractive , slowly she walk to the window ledge and sit by the window like a manet figure . she stare thoughtfully out at the old neighborhood . 52 ext . donwood golf course - dawn paul potorer , grive he porsche , pull up beside the dark golf link which be below he . portuguese worker be pick dew worm at a frantic pace below . it 's not quite apparent to paul what 's go on , a surrealistic long shot show lamp - light mining hat , bob up and down in precision . paul what be this ? paul get out . -tare for awhile then honk he horn . close on raven , in line with the worker , pluck worm and put they in a basket , keep up with the best of they . she look up and see hie headlight . walk quickly toward the car . the sun be just about to come up . raven still hold she basket of worm , approach . raven you come ... I be surprised . paul you be surprised ? I must be out of my mind ... raven ( lock at car ) like I say , you be not exactly starve . paul what do you do here ? raven I pick dew worm with the fortuguese before work . paul before work ? raven yeah , I work for a renovation crew . paul of course you do . raven I be a sandbyaster . continued '' 5 52 ( cont would ) - paul - ( incredulous ) what galaxy be you from ?.o. {pause ) what do we do now ? raven ( turn ) I have get to check out my basket . be right back . paul be bewilder by all this , watch she run gown toward the worker . 53 ext . drive -in coffee shop -< int : paul' porscbe -= " day the porsche be park beside a speaker and raven be lean over paul shouting she order ... raven blt down ... keep off the grass ... easy on the mayo ... one elack on black ... . + speaker voice for eee get it ! paul translate please . 1 raven } what ? paul you order ... raven oh ... blt -- bacon , lettuce , i tomato sandwich -- down -- toast -- keep off the grass -- not too much lettuce ~- easy on the mayo ... paul I know easy on the mayo . raven «ee and a chocolate milkshake make with chocolate ice cream ... I hate it when they use vanilla . paul smile at she . thoughtful . continued 53 ooty 54 ( cont would ) paul why do you put I through this way ? bring I out at the crack of dawn ... raven I want to see if I be worth the bother , I mean guy like you , who have everything , and who be ... you know ... paul older ? raven no. God . I wish you be older ... I mean you be still a real piece ... you make I nervous ... paul laugh at she candidness . raven I do not know what a man - like you want from some - one like I ... except the obvious ... I just do not want to be rip off . ext . market street - int . paul' porsche = day the car turn into the market area , highly noticeable to the street merchant and . shopper . paul that be the best breakfast I have have in year . . raven thanks a lot , Mr. potoker . paul for Christ 's sake .. Paul . raven okay ... Paul ... listen . I think you make a wrong turn . paul I want to show you something . continued '' 5 ext . charle STREET ~ market area = day car pull up in front of a neglect three - story clapboard house , paint a bright azure blue . paul and raven get out . paul I can not believe the color ... raven what ie it ? paul my father be bear in that house . raven ( delighted ) you be from the neighbor - hood ? no kid ? paul , nostalgic , look around . paul my parent use to 's bit on the stoop and entertain the neighbor most night ... I use to play stickball on the street there ... think I be another drysdale ... paul have go wp in raven be estimation . raven why do you move ? pall my mother want to move up in the world . but my . father never really adjust to move uptown ... even after he sell he carpet business and buy building ... it confuse he ... miss he croney ... he die just last year ... dropped dead in he office ... like that ... they find a hundred dollar bill pin in he coat.e. continded 56 wont 'a ) raven why ecco ? paul a old country habit . , . logic be if you get sick somewhere , '' " bpoméore will find you and realize you be not poor . comtemplative moment . raven touch by this intimacy . po . you will eventually leave the - neighborhood too . . everybody do . raven I dunno ... I know everybody ... even the bird on the wire . paul and raven walk slowly back to the car . get in . paul turn to she . paul you will see . one day you will want to move to a city like New York or l.a ... paul start the car . raven . that city . they be like face pass in a train ... I would never move there ... car drive off . paul stare at raven , confuse by she attitude . she check she watch . raven I be late for work . paul I be sorry ... raven do not be sorry . I love it ... ext . renovated house - market neighborhood = day renovation foreman , about 60 , watch raven get out of the porsche . paul drive off . raven wave cheerfully and approach the foreman . continued 55 ( cont would ) : foreman t- ( sarcasm ) my , my , my ... raven ( fake English accent ) daddy take I to a little breakfast at the Plaza , foreman the turkey who buy this joint be come here later today . I want you to finish the cornice work . raven head toward the sand pot . raven what 's he do ? foreman who ? raven , lt the turkey ... ( C - foreman orthodontist ... raven . bhat 's that ? foreman fix tooth ... 56 int , raven' loft - warehouse district - day raven , wear she tight painter 's overall , be again on she hand and knee stripping and blanching the hardwood floor . knock on door . she 's surprised . get up and walk to the door . unlock , open it . junior jean , wear she work clothes , stand there . raven be take aback , junior jean you be probably expect Frank . raven not really . c'mon in ... continued 56 ( cont would ) ic jean walk into the loft . she 's impressed by it . - appear intimidate . there 's great tension between they . raven you want to punch I out , right ? junior jean no . raven '' . I would not blame you . junior jean I do not come here about Frank . I would have come a lot svoner ... raven you know ...? junior jean one thing about Frank . t he 's real honest ... it . raven 1 what we have ... it will play out ... ( resent herself ) I know . he 's not good ' | ounior jean : enough for you .. | '' junior jean pause . eye the loft . | junior jean I come to ask you to help I out ... ij want to be a dancer ... raven take aback . search moment . raven want a drink ? junior jean I would rather have a joint . I be kind of nervous . continued 20 yeu ue be : junior jean start wander around the loft examine I it . raven go to prepare a joint . junior jean it 's amazing what you have do to this place since we put the wiring in ... raven : . ( hold up hand ) all with this . raven have take some papers from a hand - paint box and be sorting out a joint at a homemade plexiglass table . signal jean to sit down . ' raven about Frank ...1... junior jean i stop . - please ... do not get I wrong ... 1 love frankie ... ! but we have be live together for four year ... since I be , . fourteen . he 's get tired of I ... I already have my . v cry over that . and you know a what ? I be get tired of I too ... tired of just be a electrician 's helper ... there 's get to be more to ' I than that ... . raven about the dance , Jean . ' if you be do it for Frank , I can not help you . only because you will only be good if you do it for yourself . junior jean ( tough ) it be for myself ... it be Frank who be nut for Peggy Fleming ... raven smile . pass the joint . junior jean . ( look around ) so I would give anything to have my own space . continued 56 ( cont would ) raven this place mean more to I than anything . when I come back to the neighborhood ~~ I be about sixteen , I guess ~~ I have no money , no friend , no support . I have to live out of a baggage locker in the bus depot . wash and change in the lady john ... ounior jean but you be bear around here , right ? raven we move when I be twelve . junior jean how come ? raven my Mom take I with she to a bible school in Virginia after my dad leave we . junior jean you dad leave ? raven I do not blame he , he be a neat man . a saxaphone player . my Mom 's another story . one of that Janis joplin hippie who get bear again after the sixty do not work out . she get pious and he could not hack it . go on a road trip with a band and never come back . last I hear he be in Sweden some place . I miss he a lot ... junior jean I can not imagine you at bible school . raven Bell . I be top of the class . a proper little virgin . that 's why I run out on my Mom , I think ... she would not let I any= where near men.. ah , it 's not as simple as that . you know what I mean ... continued 's 54 . ( eont would ) junior jean I remember . you have a boyfriend ... a Greek kid ? raven nico . do I love that guy . after not have a dad around , he be the first 7 and all . he just disappear one day . go to New York to study kendo or something . ( laugh ) - . he take a guitar my dad give I . a old Martin . Worth at least $ 800 today . if I ever see he I be go to stick one of that kendo pole up he ass . laughter . they pass the joint . raven stand . thoughtful . raven do you mind take you clothes off ? I can not . tell anything until I see you body . jean get up and begin to peel off she clothes self - consciously . junior jean when you be up on the stage be there any one thing you want to look like . you know , I mean , aside from yourself ? raven smile . walk over to she anatomical drawing of horse . continued 56 ( cont would ) raven that 's a smart question ... I have always want to look like a horse run . junior jean I would have think a cheetah . raven no , that 's lorraine . raven take junior jean be hand now that she 's only wear panty . guide she to a window . raven one thing I know for sure . a girl 's naked body be she best costume ... ( pause ) breast need some firming . put you hand behind you neck , flex . that 's it ... no problem .... you get strong pecs ... you leg be kind of short ... we will fix that with the right shoe ... something extreme ... stilletos , maybe ... raven slip off she overall . she 's wear nothing but heel . dress . her body be so perfect , she appear raven now look at I . see where this muscle show but do not look too hard . ( flexe muscle around she navel and rib cage . they ripple , a startle sight ) the secret be show that kind of development only under certain lighting .. so it look exciting but not masculine . junior jean you be so beautiful . raven so frre you . continued 56 ( cont would ) pause . ST — junior jean I would like to keep this a secret until I know if I be good enough . at least from Frank . raven you secret 's safe ... junior jean . do you think 1'11 ] be any good ? raven ( laugh ) | . . na-aw ... not a chance ... junior jean stare out the window . turn to raven . junior jean do Frank ever tell you why I live at Vera 's house ? raven no . we do not exactly chat ...0h , I be sorry . junior jean . ( shrug ) I live in the east end . he come to we house on a job . he be six year older =~ I mean 20 ! -- but I be crazy for he . he keep come around . we be make out . just make out . my parent catch ws ... raven ( laugh ) they must have be really piss . junior jean you do not understand . my dad 's a real violent alcoholic . beat I regular . he put Frank and I in the hospital , for three day ... raven shit ... junior jean Said he never want to see my face vgain ... a week after I get out of the hospital I ( more ) continued 56 57 ( cont would ) junior jean ( cont 'd ) come home to make -up . Frank wait for I at the corner ... ( choke up ) «e«the thing that get I be they be have a party ... just have a great old time ! shut the door in my face ... ( pause ) I do not know for sure ... but I do not think I be my dad 's real kid ... I use to hear he say thing to my ma . raven , compaetely move , walk over to junior jean . embrace she . two female figure frame by the window . break embrace , raven look into junior jean be eye . " raven well ... we get a hell of a lot of work to do . int . les copain - uptown = night at a table beside a fireplace in this elegantly appoint french restaurant , paul potoker , wear a pinstripe suit be dining with raven . she 's wear a red forty suit jacket with nothing underneath . a pair of mauve leotard , purple high heel and a black bolwer hat . through the leotard it 's possible to see a pair of black french silk panty . hostile glance from conservative matron be direct towards paul be table . disapproval of raven be dress and general deportment . raven be play with some brocolli with she fork . raven do I eat this little tree ? paul if you want . it 's brocolli . raven oh , right ... 1 think I will have another jellybean . paul summon the waiter . continued $ 7 ( cont would ) paul when do you start have this fantasy about look different ? : raven when I be in third grade . paul , when be that ? raven uh...1970 . paul ( choke on he jellybean ) 1970 ! '' raven right . I use to daydream that in assembly , I would wear a black leather outfit and ride a big harley into the auditorium . paul third grade ? where would you get fantasy like that in third grade ? raven from watch rerun of " the monkee " on tv . Vera and Howard be the first people I meet who understoo ? all that . they love my idea . I guess they be the first people to take I seriously . I love they for that . I really love that qguys.6 . . paul respond to the stare . uncomfortable . wt paul why do 1 bring you here ? raven " Cause I want to see what it be like . forget they . we be get high ... continued 57 ( cont would ) laugh . paul ( tipsy ) look at they ... silly bourgois , cow . fuck ‘em . raven you fuck an . the waiter arrive . paul look , camillo . we want tw more jellybean but you be not get it right . one ounce of vodka , one ounce of kahlua , one ounce of banana ligquer . then really blend btrongly together -* '' th cream and crush ice . it should be like a milkshake . waiter like a milkshake . yes , sir . waiter walk wearily away . raven what 's wrong with this place ? they have never hear of kammakazy , jellybean ? I can not believe it . paul Howard and Vera be right to take you seriously . you be very talented . there 's no one like you , raven . but I do not understand something . where 's the dream ? to get out there , go to the big city . to make it ... raven I get a dream ... who say I have to go anywhere with it ? paul but every dancer have to study , learn technique .. contiimed 87 ( cont would ) raven I get my own technique . paul so what do you want then ? the waiter arrive with the jellybean , leave . raven gulp a large part of hers down . raven mm - mmm-mmm , ... much better . ( pause ) - . what do I want ? you mean fantasy ? paul dream ... whatever ... raven 's I always want to be drive around in a big limo like a rock star . paul what else ? raven go to a party ona lear jet . paul laugh out loud . more unpleasant glance . raven I do not like this place . this people be from Mars ! raven downs most of she jellybean . paul they think you be from Mars . let 's get out of here . raven where 's the lady ? paul point to a corner door . raven be stare at as she stride to the bathroom paul summon the check , he wonder what it be he 's do . people keep stare he way . discomfort . a 58 59 int . bathroom - les copain - uptown = day close on raven be hand drop she underwear into she big , pink tote bag . walk out of the toilet area into the powder room section . throw she bag on the counter . fish into it . find a pair of mirror contact lense . a fastidious woman in she forty be wash she hand next to raven . she look in the mirror and realize she can see raven be pubic hair beneath the leotard . her mouth drop as she watch raven pop in mirror contact lense . she look like a space creature . the woman hurry out . raven ( to mirror ) the Empire strike back ! int . les copain - uptown = day the entire restaurant double - take at the exotic sight of raven move toward paul be table . paul . jes -us Christ ! he need to get she out of there . take she arm and rush toward the exit . as he approach the door he bump into fred , he squash partner . fred Paul ... how be you ? fred see raven . nod . tries to be nonchalant . paul hello , Fred ... just leave ... fred ( give raven the once over ) how about some squash next week ? paul that 's right ... Fred ... call I next week , will you ? raven and paul exit hurridly . 60 61 ext . uptown street - night paul be porsche stop at a light . paul can not stop laugh at raven and the situation . a dark sedan pull up beside the porsche . Inside , a conservative couple , gawk . raven turn , open she jacket , expose she breast to the couple and stare solemnly back behind she mirrore - contact lense . mouth drop . porsche speed on . int . raven' loft - warehouse district = night c/ U of a electric blender make jellybean . pull back to see raven pour the drink . paul check out the loft in the background . both happily drunk . paul you do all this yourself ? raven I have have to make over $ 650 a week for over a year to get it like this . bring he he drink . gulp hers . raven . if you think I be get high ... well , .. I be .. if you think you can take advantage of I . forget it . I can drink any guy under the table . paul ( woozy ) I believe it ... raven take he by the hand and walk he to the back of the loft . behind a chinese screen be a factory garment rack , with strike high - fashion ; costume after costume . raven . Vera make all this . be not they sensational ? Howard and she be go to open up a shop . paul '' not exactly Lord & Taylor 's be it ? raven grab one of the more revealing costume . throw off she jacket . she 's just wear she bowler hat with continued nss be €1 ( cont would ) feather , purple leotard and purple pump . she catch he eye on she breast as she head toward the chinese screen . shake she head disapprovingly . raven what be it with you guy ? '' you think in you pants . raven stop behind the screen . paul with you around , who could help it ? . raven ( 0.8 . ) let I be natural , okay ? like I be with my friend . I do not want to have to worry that you be go to jump on my bone ... paul ( laugh ) I be not a jumper ... paul walk over to wall and look at the various magazine illustration of goddess - like woman . pual it 's a compliment . raven I be not try to tease or anything . J hate that . 1 think it 's a corny way to dance and a corny way to be .... whoops ... ( giggle ) paul what happen ? raven ( 0.5 . ) put it on backwards ! ( giggle ) moment pass . finally raven step from behind the screen , she look great . strike a sophisticated pose , she imitate move see previously at the conservatory . a pirouette turn into a tour jeté . she spin toward he across the hardwood floor . his eye focus on every movement , continued 61 62 ( cont would ) the precise way she use she body . obsessively , he perceive she graceful approach . as she twirl toward he , he see he for a flash , wife elaine , much young . raven dance past , almost touch he , he 's shake . a desire both confuse and excited by he memory 's image of elaine . raven be not it something else ? paul put he drink down . half smile . nod he head . 2 '' paul . I have to get home before I pass out ... int . junior jean be room - market neighborhood =- day jean have clear away the Peggy Fleming poster . tape up in its place be painting of voluptous she-creature , page rip from a inexpensive art book series : " the fantastic Art of Frank frazetta . " camera pan the painting , various costume detail have be circle and numbered with a magic marker . vera ( v.o. painting ) " the frazetta female be small of stature but lush ... she be a sorceress , a child , a woman ; she be erotic , powerful , improbable , lovely and very much alive . " we see vera , read from a art book introduction , stand with junior jean . close the book . vera I have steal idea before , 's this be ridiculous ... junior jean but I look dumb in high - fashion . I be too short . vera . what be you call this look ? heavy metal ? continued 62 63 the ( cont would ) junior jean Nordic space goddess . they walk over to the painting to examine they further , vera look closely at a scantily ~ clad girl wear wing . vera wing be a good idea ... the feather will soften the look ... I be suppose to hide all this from ° Frank ? junior jean nod . int . maude friz°n = shoe shop = uptown = day paul have just buy six pair of expensive french high heel . as the saleslady pack they in box , paul be hold one up , admire it closely . hand it to saleslady reluctantly . she pack it . saleslady that will be $ 923.50 , sir . paul ( hand card ) I assume you take american Express . saleslady you wife will just adore this shoe ... paul smile sheepishly . int , costume house - warehouse district = day camera track down row upon row of theatrical costume in this vast space . hold on one row . vera , use a polorid camera be take shot of various item that resemble that item circle in the previously see painting . vera gesture to junior jean . vera ( snap item ) turn it over . sunior jean turn the item over . vera snap it . at a distance vera see fake - Roman breastplate and war helmet . continued 64 65 ( cont would ) vera look ... over there , they both hurridly walk over to the armour section . vera put she camera in a huge canvas bag she 's carry . grab a helmet that look very much like the one see in the painting and start stuff it in she bag . . junior jean ( hushed ) you out of you head ? * vera and junior jean walk boldly down the aisle into the reception area and past a clerk in he fifty . tina tech be flirt with the clerk . 2eja tech thanks again , billy . clerk anytime , Tina . bye Vera . int . raven' loft ~ warehouse district - day raven , wear she painter 's overall , be sit at she plexiglas table . on the table be the six pair of maude frizon shoe from paul . between she foot be a piece of newspaper with various can of spray paint , bottle of nail polish . she 's painting a realistic girl 's foot on the outside of one shoe . the second shoe , complete , below explain : the shoe appear like a illustrate , naked foot , toenail , polished bright red . frank enter frame . pace . he 's dress to leave . raven c'mon ... it 's not the end of the world . frank but what 's change ? raven I do not feel right anymore ... it 's do a game on I . frank ( angry ) who be you , raven ? what 's go on in there ? continued ' 4 65 €6 67 ( cont would ) raven I never make no promise . frank no . you definitely do not . fuck ! raven do not you love the junior Jean ? frank ; . I guess ...but. , .that 's not ... raven I think you be lucky to have a girl like junicr Jean , frankie . frank ( emoticnal ) I gotta go ... walk out of frame . int , junior jean' room ~- market neighborhood ~ night sunior jean be drilling a series of hole over the eye-slit in the steal war helmet . she screw on a pink , plastic visor that cover the eye-slit . a solder iron be plugge in and on a nearby chair . she 's make a open at the back of the helmet . Inside be a series of electrical wire and gadget . she solder one last wire in place . turn off the solder iron . blow on the connection to cool it . wave the helmet to cool it further . it 's finish . turn the face of the helmet toward she . turn on a switch at the back . a light beam flash across the pink visor -- a " Star Wars '' affect . junior jean be triumphant . hear frank climb stair . put helmet away . rushes to close @oor . frank angry , walk past she to he door . junior jean hi ... frank mutter . slam door . int . olitski be gym - market neighborhood - night raven , wear she warm - up costume , and junior jean , wear hers , be work out together . junior jean continued _ — ( 4 < , 67 68 69 70 ( cont would ) carefully listen to raven be advice , as various body builder pump up in the background . the two girl be in front of wall mirror . music from cassette player . raven remember , .. hot pose . that move ... raven shoot out one hand , arch she back , throw out a hip , then flexe a calf . move she finger gracefully . . ° raven the move should answer each other . see my finger move ? then look at the calf . it answer my finger . try it ... junior jean strike a similar pose . start to dance . raven study she . stop she at one point , correct a particular step . tony , the instructor-owner , stand by a wall , look on approvingly . int . modern mode factory annex = warehouse district = ' night . alone at night in this vast sewing factory , vera be surrounded by huge , white and silver feather . under the only lamp that 's on in the factory , vera have pin she schematic for the wing -costume . wearily she sew on into the night . ext . uptown shop - boutique district = day lorraine continue to paint the building . it 's beginning to take on a sprightly new life . nadia and solitary be on the roof tarring down new shingles junior jean be put wire through a window and secure it with a staple gun . a haggard vera pull up in the bakery truck . get ovt . bring in can of paint . int . dptown shop - boutique district = day vera enter . howard be examine he sketch book against some newly make shelf . tina tech be cut lumber on a stationary power see . frank be drilling hole in a baseboard where he 's install a electrical device . attaches the wire that lead to junior jean . something 's wrong . continued < je 70 71 ( cont would ) frank ( yell to Jean ) I tell you we should have use number four wire ! sean make a face in the window . enter building . howard I can not make you my mind ... where 's raven ? I need raven . frank a . she go over to that asshole school . jean walk up to vera take a envelope out of she pocket and give it to she . vera what 's this ? junior jean my room money . vera ( shake she head ) have you discuss this with ... nlook at Frank ) - junior jean I do not have to ... it 's my business . jean walk away . vera pocket envelope . int . conservatory of contemporary dance - day raven , wear paint-splatter work clother , be stand beside the open doorway to a rehearsal hall . the same severe instructor be put the junior class through it 's pace to the music of another modern @ance . the admission director be walk hurridly down the hall . notice raven in she overall . admission director I think they finish painting the third floor ? continued 71 = ( cont would ) - raven ( startle ) uh ... not yet ... admission director shake she head and walk off . raven continue to watch the cultivate dancer . before long she can not help furtively imitate some finger and hand stretch . one pretty young dancer - leap in front of the doorway and catch she do a little half - step in she kodiak boot . the dancer laugh . raven totally embarrassed , the dancer be very cheerful . continve to stretch to the music , but talk to raven , . . dancer that be not bad ... you a dancer ? d*ven ( mortify ) oh , no . I 'ma sandblaster . dancer ( make face as she stretch ) a what ? . raven ( stutter ) painter ... I paint house ... dancer really ? raven ( still embarrassed ) yeah ... the pay 's good .. dancer ( stretch , step ) I be glynnis . what 's you name ? . raven ( defensive ) raven ... dancer what a great name ! ( whisper ) hey , Stephanie ... another dancer , dance over , smile at raven . continued 71 72 ( cont would ) dancer ( laugh ) catch this funky entrechat .... 5how she , raven .... raven , think they be laugh at she , rush , upset toward the door . stephanie ( stretch ) what 's wrong with she ? dancer ( step ) I do not know .. she be good ... int . hard hat bar and grill - market neighborhood - night as the platform ascend , tina tech be the dancer perform alone this time . she be wear she hi- tech extension cord outfit previously see in the dress room . the goldfish swim in the heel of she plexiglas high heel be slapping frantically around as she move electrically to the music . she 's hold a plexiglas dagger that keep change color in the light . she place the dagger blade under the extension cord as if she be try to free herself from the clutches of a snake . at one point the cord appear to be cut in half . she grab the cord and twirl out ef the snake 's clutches in one long balletic move . camera travel back revealing the audience regular and hold on one table . at the table paul , raven , and howard , sip jellybean , watch tina be performance . vera , frank and junior jean watch from the next fable . frank stare resentfully at paul , from time to time . ramo , near the door lead to the dress room stair , wave to get raven be attention . he 's stand with angelene , a very shapely blonde in she early twenty . raven walk over to they as tina's performance continue . ramo this be angelene . she 's go to be try - out tonight . raven hi ... angelene ( Texas drawl ) hi ... continued 72 73 ( cont would ) raven I hear you strip for Jesus ? angelene it 's the way I pass his Word . ( hold up a gold cross that 's around she neck ) raven we do not think of ourselves as stripper here . we!re dancer 's .... ~ solitary approach from the dress room stair . angelene I never take off my bottom . there I draw the line . there 's no damn reason in the world why perfect strancer should get to see my sacred reproductive organ . raven 's right . well , good luck angelene .. you will be take my spot tonight ... angelene thanks heaps ... ramo and angelene exit toward the dress room stair . solitary she wear garter belt . yechhh ! raven give she a chance . tina be performance continue in the background . ext . hard hat bar and grill - market district ~ night the perviously see first biker be stand in the shadow beside the door of the bar smoking a joint while the second biker be pick the back lock of howard be delivery truck . get the door open . grab a@ full box of pastry . gesture to first biker . they both rush for the dark alley beside the bar . sit hide behind the garbage pail . they have a partial view of the truck and bar front . paul be persche be park behind the truck . continued 73 74 ( cont would ) second biker man , have I get the munchy . the biker pull back into the shadow as a volkswagon convertible pull up behind the porsche . jill potoker step out of she friend be car . her friend , lynn , be previously see in the arena during the skate be ~ gional , oill walk back to the car . the unseen biker bite voraciously into pastry and leer at the girl . jill it 's my father 's car alright ... friend what 's he do here ? jill if 1 do not find out t'1l die ... lynn step out of car . they head toward the hard hat bar and grill ; pick up pace when they hear sudge stive whistle from the darkness of the alley . int . hard hat bar and girll - market neighborhood - night tina tech finish she routine and be carry up into the dress room to applause and cheer . raven be btand at the next table , bend over vera chat about angelene . . paul ( laugh ) be not that marvelous ? howard Tina 's get more ball than the pittsburg steeler . they return to they drink . pause . paul how do you do at Les copain , Howard ? howard turn ovt they do not take freelance dessert ... get they own pastry chef ... he taste my work , though . want to know the secret inredient . I do not tell nobody my secret ingredient ... continued be they vee we . paul - sorry it do not work out . C - howard ' thanks for make the eall . I know you be very busy . 75 int . hard hat bar and grill - hallway - night jill and lynn approach the interior door of the showbar . ( jill press against the wall . lynn stand at the doorway . jill . : . be he there ? 4 c lynn search the room . a waitress pass with a tray of beer . lynn admire she outfit . lynn look at that super dress ! c jill be he there ? ' lynn I do not think so ... yes !... there he be ! wy jill chance a look . she see raven walk back to she father 's table , touch he hair affectionately and for sit down , i lynn '¢ let 's get out of here ... | sill ( stare at i raven ) I know that girl , she be at the regionals . remember ? lynn you be right ! jill he could not keep he eye off . she . the waitress appraoch the girl at the door . waitress you want a table girl ? lynn lock at jill nervously . continued 76 waitress do you have id 's ? jill ( bitchy ) we be as old as you be . lynn I do not want to go in anyway . jill ( point to raven ) do you know that girl ? waitress raven ? she 's not dance tonight . jill and lynn turn to leave . waitress next time you girl come slumming , bring some fake id 's . jill and lynn head for the exit . jill stop . gesture she friend to go ahead . . ' jill I will be out in a minute . jill head back to the showbar . Riding behind a corner , she stare voyeristically at raven and she father . her eye move from raven to she father and back again . transfix . reluctantly she leave . ext , hard hat bar and grill ~ night jill and lynn rush back to the car . lynn bow weird ? jill tacky ! as they jump into the convertible , the two biker step out of the alleyway . second biker hey girl ? wanna toke ? a frighten lynn start up the car and take off . the two bixer run after the car try to grab a door handle . the biker laugh , jeer , @6 the car speed away , continued ~ st 77 78 73 int . hard hat bar and grill - night the light dim , signal a new show , raven and paul drink they jellybean as the strain of gospel music buld . the platform descend . at the center , hold a Bible , be angelene . she 's wear a multi-color skirt , g-string , bra , cowboy jacket and hat . the outfit be cover in micro - dot light that flash image of angel with halos and Christian symbol . she 's also wear paint cowboy boot with a black garter belt . as the podium ascend , tina , nadia , lorraine , and solitary dance satirically to what they consider dumb music . as angelene : strip , she bend down to touch she cowboy boot revealing a g-string the shape of a cross . with she rear point to the audience , she flash a view of the cruscifixition in microndot . vera obscene ! * howard praise the Lord ! raven shake she head in dismay . she and paul watch in disbelief . after awhile they look at each other and can not stop laugh . raven let 's get out of here ... ext . CITY airport - docking area ~ night camera track past various small plane and hangar . we see paul be porsche perk beside a lear jet . the jet 's interior light be on . door open . sound of laughter . int . lear jet ~- CITY airport - night raven be at the control of the jet . paul be in the luxurious main cabin open a bottle of expensive . champagne . he fill two glass and stagger , tipsily , toward raven , who be wear the same outfit she wear at Les copain . raven be push button and speak into a mike . raven you can beam I up , scotty ... raven see a key . turn it . a high whining sound . ~ continued 79 ( cont would ) padl what be you do ? paul rush over , spilling champagne . he almost trip as he turn the key off . she laugh and sway into the cabin area . paul , smile , walk back toward she , she fill up he half - empty glass . paul crazy kid . you be go to be the death of I . raven I be go to be the life . of you . they toast each other . raven to the jife of you . down the champagne . raven be not this just fabulous ? paul . you be fabulous ... raven you friend must be really rich to own a lear jet . paul his company lease it ... raven notice a elaborate tape , sound system . raven look at that fan-tastic sound system ... ( play with the knob , turn it on ) not too shabby .. I be go to try my new music . raven fish in she pink tote bag . put on she new show tape . music start slowly , almost melodic . paul sit in a swivel chair as raven begin she impromptu dance . as the music build she move with a implicit grace , immediatly create a theatrical atmosphere . she throw off she bowler hat . snap off she forty , jacket revealing she breast . she 's also wear long , continued 79 50 81 ( cont would ) black silk glove with the finger cut off . fingernail polish sparkles in the light . she 's wear no under - wear beneath the mauve leotard . music shift its momentum to hard rock . raven turn the volume up full blast . the music be deafen . she dance out the door of the jet . paul , break from he reverie , follow she . ext . lear jet - docking area ~ CITY airport = night raven be now rock topless and in extremely high heel on the wing of the lear jet . from the tarmack , paul stare at this creature abandon herself to the music . ext . nearby hangar - CITY airport + night a black s®curity guard in he sixty turn he head toward the sound of the music as do three janitor who be clean up . one janitor recognize where the music is come from . turn to security guard . janitor it 's from dock area 21 ! the security guard press button 21 of a lighting switchboard mount on the hangar wall . the lear jet be hit by a spotlight . the janitor and security guard be amaze at the sight of a girl dance wildly on the wing of the plane . they move toward the plane in a rush . a man drive a fork lift load vehicle also catch the sight , as do a airplane mechanic carry a large wrench in he hand , dress in greasy overall . they all move toward the plane provide a audience suspending disbelief . the group circle the front of the piane . raven ignore they and push she extreme dance even further , move up to the roof of the jet . paul , the fork lift operator , airplane mechanic , security guard and three janitor gradually get into the spirit of the music , move they own body to the beat . they love it . a 747 jumbo jet be start to taxi down the nearby take off strip . the huge jet pass raven in the spotlight on the smaller plane . camera pan past the long line of porthole on the 747 as it pass raven . face press to the window of the 747 show a whole range of emotion as they stare u down at the girl and she avdience . the 747 pass by , speed toward takeoff . the music move to another mood and raven dance down the wing to the entrance step and into the jet . paul , obsessed , rush after she and slam the door . look of dis - appcintment on the face of the new audience . b2 int . lear jet ~ docking area - CITY airport - night raven pose to the last beat of the music . her body be run with perspiration . her last theatrical gesture be to place she hand between she leg as she head shoot upward . paul move slowly toward she . place he hand on she fa¢e , tenderly touch she feature . move he hand down she neck slowly , fall to he knee , move down , across she breast , even more slowly down toward she navel . he 's tremble . begins to pull down the leotard slowly . raven open she eye . look down at paul . a moment of indecision . finally reach down and hold he hand . raven '' . Paul ...do not ... paul pull raven to she knee . kiss she roughly on the mouth . she repond . they roll together on the floor . frantic passion . finally raven wrestle free . both be breathe heavily , quickly . both on they knee a few foot away from each other . raven i...ca not ... I be scared ... paul ( shaking ) goddamn it ! I be not sixteen . I be 3b - year old ! raven I be sorry .-.J... paul stand . angry despite himself . raven hit by emotion be still on she knee . for the first time we see she lose control over he . paul get up for Christ 's sake ! raven ( quavering ; no confidence ) do you want I , Paul ? paul turn . his face full of yearn . raven stand . suddenly angry . raven ( finger pound she chest ) but-do~you-want-mel continued 82 83 ! b4 ( cont would ) . raven hurl herself at paul . her fist pummel he , he 's 50 surprised by she attack that he bounce off a wall and fall to the floor . furious she straddle he and push he face between she leg . raven be that what you want ? be that itl ? ° raven burst into tear . get up . grab she thing . rushes out of the plane , paul , stunne , remorseful . . paul ~ . . raven ! I be sorry ... ext . docking area = CITY airport = night raven run , weep , across the tarmack . paul in pursuit . the security guard and janitor look on , head shaking . paul almost have to tackle she . embrace she . she hold on for dear life . int . potoker house = uptown = night the modern potoker house might be from the page of Architectural Forum -- pour concrete and glass in a neighborhood still know for the traditional residence of old money . elaine and jill be finish dinner . paul be noticeably absent . jill he know the committee be go to announce the division list today . I think he 's a pig ! elaine you be a shoe in ... you father know that . jill oh , mommy . do not make excuse for he . do not you ever wonder where he be ? elaine he work late , he 's busy ... sill shake she head in disgust . elaine notice it . elaine what doer that mean ? continued 84 ( cont would ) be jill do you ever think he might be out with other woman ? elaine play with she food , put fork down , sip glass of wine . elaine I be sure you father ... jill ..- fuck around . elaine alright , Jill . if you have , get something to tell I , let 's hear it ... '' oill Lynn say she see he hang out in a creepy bar downtown , elaine so what ? jill . remember that wild girl who be dance by the board at the regionals ? elaine ( laugh ) they be outrageous ... Lynn say he be with one of they . she 's some kind '' of dancer . jill elaine they be just kid ... jill jailbait ... elaine oael be sure he have he reason for béing there ... jill be do not be stupid , mother ... ' '' continued ye 84 ( cont have ) elaine anyway , I think you be a genuine shit for gossipe about he like that . defensive moment as they quietly go back to meal . jill back when you dance with martha Graham in New York ... elaine what about it ? jill do you ever dance for daddy .... alone . elaine what do you mean ? jill you know ... elaine do n*t be ridiculous . jill see she embarrassment . realize she do dance for he alone . jill ( giggle ) ooooh , mommy . how gross ! elaine laugh at she own embarrassment . elaine there be nothing gross about it . he could make I do anything . jill you mean you do not do it anymore ? elaine thing like that change when you have be together a long time . jill why do they ? continved 4 bs 86 87 ( cont would ) elaine well , you come along ... somehow when you be a mother , you get promote to a position above ... jill sex ? elaine no . not sex . Passion . sill some promotion , elaine finish she wine . silence between they . int . the potoker bedroom ~ uptown = night elaine , @ress for bed , be pace the bedroom she share with paul . decide to phone . diais . int . paul be office = uptown - night camera pan the dark sumptuous office of paul potoker past photograph of a young elaine dance on the professional stage , and jill in figure skate costume . hold on desk telephone . ring . no one be there . ext . uptown shop + boutique district - day the shop be very close to be complete : a bright stylish metamorphosis . lorraine be painting the trim . frank be up by the chimney check electrical terminal . in front of the building , tina tech and solitary be hand - lettering a sign that read '' two to tango " , raven and junior jean be stand discuss the sign . raven . do Howard fix that blue ? solitary that 's what Vera say . tina tech there 's not enough yellow in it .. junior jean I think it 's pretty . frank look down from roof . continued 87 e ( cont would ) frank hey , Jean . throw that coil . up will you ? jean move for it . raven get to it first . throw it up quickly it catch Frank in the crotch . jean and raven giggle . frank ignore they . raven put she arm around jean . feel the pressure of she biceps , raven what a improvement ? junior jean ° compliment of olitski 's gym . raven I be proud of you . you have really work you ass off . ext . uptown shop = boutique district - day br long black limousine pull up in front of the shop . a uniform driver get out , approach . everyone turn around . vera wander out the front door , wiping she hand on a towel . nadia follow . . driver be there a miss raven here ? raven I be raven ... driver how do you do ? ( shake she hand ) George from Metropolitan livery . the car 's be hire on you behalf , for the day ... raven ( dismay ) you put I on ? driver not at all . limousine ser ~ vice for the day . raven ( laugh ; delighted ) pavl , you be looney tune ...! continued bs b89 go ( cont would ) solitary la~de~dah vera ai not that just great ! frank {from roof ) pure unadulterate bull -shit ! the girl start fight about who 's go to ride in it first . vera relax girl . Joy ride later ... I and raven get to get over to howard ... as driver open door for raven a..d vera , the otire + girl bow and curtsy . vera nopen back window ) keep hustling . we be open in a week ! int . limousine - uptown street = day raven and vera in the back seat of the limo . vera this be the life ... raven yaybe the shop will make you famous , Vera . vera we money 's 80 tight we could be bankrupt in two month . raven open a@ cabinet door in front of she . it 's a stock bar . raven check this ? int . limousine = uptown street ~ day raven and vera be drink . the car slowly pass a expensive boutique . in the window , on display be a exquisite white satin and lace dress . it might continued 90 91 ( cont would ) almost be a short , period wedding dress . display heside it be various accessory , include a pair of white silk stocking . raven wow ! will you look at that dress ! vera . forget it . a arm and a leg . raven George . stop for a sec . okay ? : . raven jump out of the car hold a glass of Southern Comfort . once -over from shopper as she examine the dress . vera ( from car : . window ) I be late ! int . kitchen - apartment above pasich bakery - day howard be busily mixing ingredient in bowl .- under he breath he 's do a diabolical Julia child imitation . he 's put crush chile , cayenne pepper and tabasco sauce in the cake mix . howard mother , pack pastry , be scolding he in polish . howard ignore she . ramo be pack can after can of carnation gondense milk into a cupboard . ramo you be crazy to bait that bozo . why can not you just ignore they ? howard they want a fight . they get a fight . I be bear in this neighborhood ! mrs , pasich so , big deal .... vera and raven come up the stair from the bakery . vera I be here .. ee before ramo ean slam the cupboat door raven see the carnation can and smile knowingly . continued 91 92 ( cont would ) ramo you be late ! we will never make the bank , .. raven damn right you will look outside ... raven guide mrs . pasich and ramo over to the window where they see the wait limo , impress , excited . howard you get anymore pill ? vera ( fishing in pocket ) you be do too many ... vera hand over a container of diet pill . howard pop one . raven grab he hand as he swallow . pull he toward the window . raven Lay off the speed will you ? howard who else be go to do what I @o ... you tell I ! howard look down at the wait limo . howard it 's get serious ... raven I get to talk to you ... howard ( concern ) obviously ... how you bearin ' up , babe ? raven no good ... ext . uptown residential street = late day we see the pasich bakery truck slowly make it 's way down a fine street in a upper-middle class residential district . the truck slow as it come to the previously see potoker residence . 93 94 int . howard delivery truck - uptown = late day howard and raven look at house number . raven the phone book say 2210 , howard there it be .... we see the potoker residence . raven js impressed , intimidate . . raven God . give I a break ... howard de do not need a tag Gay . I will ] tell you ... howard pull over . they look at the potoker house from a gistance . int . howard delivery turck = uptown ~ late day howard put he arm around raven , who 's upset . raven see . he 's '' too good for I . howard do I ' jwear right . someone 's too good for you ? ... do not sound right . raven out of reach . somewhere else ... howard he frighten you do not he . he could hurt you , could not he ? raven yes.o. howard but you want he ... continued 90 . 94 ( eont would ) raven I be afraid if .. I boward make love to he ... raven I will lose he ... howard so what if you do ? raven it hurt too much ... howard i£ you lose he it 's not you problem . not if you be honest to you heart ... I have someone once .. before Ramos .... raven he hurt you ? - howard terribly ... raven see. howard but I be glad I go with how I feel . he make I take 'a chance . if I have not .. maybe ij would not be put my whole life on the line with this shop ... raven do it have to hurt so much ? howard you and I . we have to take the risk . people like we . all we get be today .. . raven I want more than that . howard that 's all they give we . raven it 's so hard .... what do he want from I ? g 4 > ( cont 'a ) we I c _ howard C . . you secret c raven ( laugh ) like you secret ingredient ! broward you have hear of Albert Einstein , right ? € raven who have not 5 broward o.k . Big shot . what do he do ? € raven he be some kind of genius . howard c there 's maybe twelve people in the world who really understand , Albert Einstein ... that 's why he 's famous a raven - so? howard ( serious ) you get the edge . there 's only three or four who understand you ... raven embrace howard . feeling of deep friendship . howard I have be watch . junior jean. cf raven be not she do great ? broward t too great . 54 ( cont would ) raven what do you mean ? roward she 's get that look in she eye . the same look you have when I first meet you . ~ . raven we be friend . howard . maybe . but there 's nothing ( better she would like but to dance you into the backercund music . ~ thoughtful moment betzeen they . howard t raven . all we get be today . music sequence begins 7 95 int . paul potoker' office = uptown = day paul be at the top of the conference table . several executive be explain detail of one of the new potoker development . he appear distract . the jargon continue . he 's really not there . C 96 int . raven' loft - market neighborhood - day we see raven spray a previously see black pill box hat , white . she attaches a white veil the the hat . put it on she white bed , where she appear to have create some kind of canopy . also white . $ 7 int . potoker residence - uptown = day paul be see walk through the live room past he gen towards the door . ( 98 int . raven' loft - market neighborhood '' night raven be see put on make - up in @ portable make - up mirror . finishes . light a candle . stands and walk in a light create by dozen of light candle , ( 99 ext . raven' loft - market neighborhood = night paul potoker' porsche pull up in front of the building . paul get out and enter . 100 101 [ ' ! a 102 '' | if 203 € C '' 104 92 . int . raven' build - warehouse district = night candle line the staircase to the second floor . surprise , he climb to the second floor . to raven be loft be ajar . int . raven' loft = warehouse district - night paul walk in . door under a white canopy on a white bed raven be recline on white pillow , wear the white period - dress see earlier in the shop window , a white pillbox hat , white veil , ( scarelet lip beneath ) , white silk stocking , white dancer 's slipper wrap to the calf . she a extend scene of lovemake . mutual cussion . paul a sensational performance . cross she leg to reveal white see-through panty . mutual but the Conquest be hers . I love you ... 1 love you ... I love .... music sequence end int . the bed be a shamble . pull down . light be pour into the room . the candle gutter . as paul undress care . raven' loft ~ warehouse district - day the home -made canopy have be early morning raven be asleep . paul be look out the window , finish dress . he walk over to the bed and kiss raven on the cheek . the door . she stir . begins to walk towards she get up as he stand at the door . from a chair nearby she pick up a pair of silk tap underpant . kiss he on the cheek . he hold on to she tightly . raven they cost I forty dollar . do you know how manydew worm that be ? she put the pants into he jacket pocket . ext . charle STREET - market neighborhood = day it 's dawn , Paul , he porsche in the background , be walk thoughtfully , dishevel , near the house where he father be bear . examination , in this melancholy neighborhood . moment of painful self -+ int . potoker residence = uptown - day paul , most of he clothes still on , be asleep on a there be papers scattered on @ couch in he study . @esk . there . a yawn elaine walk into the room . put a blanket over he . leave . see he cos 105 int . catholic church - market neighborhood - day the modern priest and junior jean be sit casually in a pew at the front of the church . camera hold on raven , tina , howard , and ramo who be wait for jean to finish she session . they be talk quietly . howard what 's she do ? tina she 's ask he if it 's a sin to take she clothes 6 ff in a bar ... not too cool ... raven the main thing be to keep she bo busy she do not get sic.vous ... what 's the problem with she make -up ? howard my dear , she think she 's helena rubenstein ... she hadthe nerve to reject my High voltage pink . ramo I think she be right about that . howard thank you , helena rubenstein ! junior jean walk to the back of the church and join raven . the young priest , walk behind she . howard open up a make - up case . ramo , a portable mirror with light . jean sit down . the priest look on , perplex . jean turn to ramo . junior jean maybe we should not do this in a church ? howard why not ? we have not get time ... priest , hesitates . find it all bizarre . priest uh ... that 's all right ... ( leave ) continued - 105 7 for ( if 106 i€ lo if . h { i 107 i € 108 ( cont would ) ramo take jean be hair in he hand . ramo I will use bi-level wiring . create wing that go up and back this way ... should I change color , . Howard ? howard only on the wing ... but use food coloring ... ° . ( Howard check she nail ) honey , who massacre you cuticle ! ext . hard hat bar and grill ~- market neighborhood ~ night the two stone biker see steal pastry earlier be back at howard be delivery truck , they be surprised to see the door be not lock . they grab two box . Close the door . sneak quickly into the nearby alley . settle behind a row of garbage can . open the box . one biker throw away a small roach . . first biker Far out ... chocolate again ... the biker bite hungrily into the cake . since they be both stone , they eat for awhile before they tongue and stomach feel blowtorch . one bring up violently . the other scream at the top of he lung , run around in circle . the pain be agonizing . finally they run , scream for water , toward the Bus Depot coffee shop . int . the potoker bedroom ~ potoker house - uptown ~ night elaine potoker be go through clothes in the clothes closet . from time to time , she will throw a dress or a pair of paul be slack on the bed where a dry cleaner 's pick - up bag be sit . see a crumpled sport jacket on a hook , she grab it and be about to throw it on the bed when she see a pair of panty in the pocket . at first she laugh when she see the silk tap pants . finally , angry , she walk toward the phone . dial . int , paul potoker " S office - uptown - night camera pan the office , past thepicture of elaine and jill in she figure skate costume . phone ring . paul , in shirtsleeve , work , pick up phone . continued 108 109 2110 qi 112 ire ( cont would ) paul hello ?... oh , hello darling . int . potoker bedroom - potoker house ~ night elaine , look down at the panty in she hand , speak calmly . elaine I be wonder when you would be home ? : . int . paul potoker' office ~ uptown = night paul , bidetrack with work , a little curt . paul God know . with this truckload of work ... int . potoker bedroom ~ potoker house ~ night elaine stand . elaine just curious . no problem . I will see you when you get home ... bye .. elaine put phone down , pace awhile . look down at panty have make some kind of decision . int . racquet and skating club ~ uptown - night jill potoker and she coach , a attractive woman in she forty , be at center ice . the coach skate over to the board to turn on the music . Jill start she grateful move . coach keep that right leg paraliel ! elaine potoker walk into the arena and take a seat by the board . jill , surprised , wave to she and continue on with she skate . jill perform a couple of lutz jump , stop . call to coach . jill I will only be a sec , Mrs. Ferguson . continued 96 . 112 ° ( cont would ) jill skate over to she mother . elaine the lutz jump be much sharper , dear . jill ( nod ) what 's up ? elaine hesitates . elaine what 's the name of the bar you father go to ? jill . ah , c'mon . I can not . elaine I want to know ... jill ( shrug ) the hard hat . elaine where be it ? jill right on market Street ... you be not go there be you ... I would not go there , mommy . it 's too weird .... elaine I be sure you would know . «.. what be the girl 's name ? jill what girl ? elaine valu jill ( sheepish ) raven . elaine get up to leave . jill be unsettle , upset . skate back to center ice . 113 114 wee int . hard hat bar and grill = market neighkborhood — night the five podium be descend to the applause of the pack bar . in the center podium be solitary , the New Wave dancer wear a costume first see in the ' dress room earlier . she break into she highly stylize dance os the podium ascend , solitary move almost robot- like to the New Wave music , mouth the lyric as if they be order . ' the music build and tell a story of social contempt . even the . audience be abuse by the song . but they love it . the waitress rock along to the routine , flash occasionally . elaine potoker , enter , taken aback . a waitress show she to a table . elaine a double scotch , please ... «-- with ice . waitress leave . ' laine watch the dancer . eventusily she scan the room : Bus driver , blue-collar worker , Oriental regular , frank and _ nick , . the owner . the waitress bring elaine she scotch . waitress four dollar , please . elaine be raven work tonight ? waitress she will be on next . elaine watch solitary move across the stage hurl abuse at the world . finally , she podium arrive . she ascend to decent applause and much whistling . int . dressing room ~ hard hat bar and grill ~ night the atmosphere in the dress room be electric . tonight 's the debut of junior jean . solitary emerge . howard be hand she a towel . ramo be busily wiring jean' Hair , create the winge look . vera walk in from the small costume room nearby carry the war helmet . howard be just finish raven be makeup raven be look tonight be that of a amazon jungle Queen . it be by far she most brief outfit . her body be paint with pop lighten bolt . she 's wear the maude frizon shoe paint in the manner of naked foot . howard mvoe over to junior jean who be wear @ robe . we can not see she costume . continued 98 . C 114 ( cont 'a ) howard you makeup 's still too sharp . I will have to soften it , c raven I will do it , Howard . Jean and I have a idea , howard ( in a huff ) '' by all mean . this be the price one pay when one work with artist . soon you will tell I how to bake ! reveal my secret ingredient to the C world ! lorriane , not the secret ingredient routine again . ic solitary i what be it for Christ 's sake ? 's nadia even the pillsbury dough € Boy have not the vaguest ... vera , hold the war helmet appear concerned . torn to ramo . vera ( will the helmet fit over the hairstyle ? ramo I have measure everything . do not worry . 115 int . potoker house = uptown - night a exhaust paul potoker walk into the entrance hall and throw he briefcase on a table . he pick up a note from elaine that read : '' think it be time I go out . wo not be late . Love , Elaine . '' the note be pin to raven be panty . paul be beside himself . kush off into the live room . continued ~ ae 115 116 117 118 99 , ( cont would ) paul Jill ? jill be sit read a magazine , she look up . nervous . paul where do you mother go ? jill ( repentant , upset ) I think you know ... int . hard hat bar & grill ~ market neighborhood ~ nigut elaine potoker be feel she drink . the music build and the podium descend . elaine's waitress point to the center podium indicate raven , she back to the audience . the other dancer ascend leave raven perform to a strikingly rhythmic piece . elaine be intimidate by raven be force and beauty on the stage . ext . hard hat bar & grill ~ market neighborhood ~ night paul be porsche pull up behind howard be delivery truck . as he get out he see that all of the tire on the truck have be slashed . the panel sign have be crudely change with paint . the sign now read , '' fag' bakery '' . White paint have be throw on the windshield . paul rush into the bar . int , hard hat bar and grill ~ market neighborhood - night elaine continue to watch raven dance . her act be 50 choreograph she appear to perspire on cue . when a lyric announce why a woman have to be a amazon if she hope to get a man , she entire body cascade with perspiration . she look utterly primitive . paul rush through the back door . he watch elaine watch raven ascend to thunder applause . paul seem confuse . elaine stand , talk to a waitress . elaine be the dress room up there ? waitress nod . 115 120 100 . int . dressing room ~ hard hat bar & grill = night raven enter dress room . howard pass she a towel . raven rush over to junior jean . raven I will do you makeup now . vera walk in with a pair of high heel that have small feathered wing sew on to they . she kneel before junior jean . put the shoe on . vera I have put bandaid inside so they will not slip . how do that feel ? - junior jean much tighter . thanks . raven be gather together various makeup pot . lorraine come over to raven . lorraine there 's somebody here for you ? raven ( glance at door ) who ? lorraine some fancy lady . raven stride over to the door . int , hallway outside dressing room ~ hard hat bar and grill - night raven , with very little on , confront elaine potoker , leok very dress and uptown , elaine raven ? raven ( smile ) that 's right . continued 120 ) ( cont would ) 101 . elaine I have be watch . I have never see anything like you before ... raven I be not sure if J should Bay thank you or not . elaine my name be Elaine potoker ... raven shocked . paul arrive at top of stair . tense moment . they , all three , confront each other . raven oh , god. Paul ... elaine [ quickly ) I do not come here to make a scene . I come to tell you that you be a very gift dancer ... you have a respon - ibility to continue to dance , I know , I be a professional . I make a choice not to continue ... ( look back at Paul ) I think I make the wrong choice . ( turn back to raven ) you be not properly train . if you do not develop appropriate technigue soon , you be go to develop serious back trouble . you be a absolute natural , ( Fighting emotion ) I be get out of herer elaine rush past paul . tear come to raven be eye . paul walk up to she . '' raven oh , god. pavl ... paul I be sorry ... i.oe the paul walk quickly away in pursuit of he wife . | 121 122 int . hard hat bar and grill = dressing room ~ night raven , devastate , shut the door behind she . fights back tearse . '' the anticipatory atmosphere build . raven fix she own make -up . deep breath of resolutisn . she must be strong for junior jean . she see anew 's woman , full of confidence and attitude , Vera be stand , sewing something on the finish pair of wing . ramo be spraying the hair creation . raven , steel herself and move over to put on the final touch of junior jean be makeup . int . hallway - hard hat bar and grill - night paul have stop elaine . he 's press both hand against the wall so she can not move . I elaine ( deflate ) let I go . . paul ( desperate ) I do not know what to say ... please , understand ... elaine itve see her. , . I think I understand ... paul listen to I ... elaine what really hurt , Paul ... and it really hurt , be that I lock at she , I see something I lose in myself ... ( choke up } the killer be .. I do not even know how long it 's be go . paul do not let this ruin we , Elaine . elaine let I alone for awhile ... av36 cc 122 ( cont would ) - a c elaine push he arm away and run down the stair . paul pursue she through the bar and out the door . 123 int . hard hat bar and grill ~ night the audience be get impatient . they be start - c to whistle and slam they beer on the table . nick leave frank be table and walk towards the dress room stair . 124 int . hard hat bar and grill - dressing room - night c howard {to raven ) tone down that eveliner ! raven how ? € howard put he thumb on the side of jean be eye . smudge they slightly . nick arrive , - nick - hey. let 's go ! ( vera everyone in they podium ! raven c'mon people . let 's do it € for junior Jean . 125 int . hard hat bar and grill ~ market neighborhood = night the audience be still restlessly chant for more . now slamm beer glass on the table in unison . C music begin to build . the podium start they descent . a hush fall over the audience . in the center platform '' flanke by lorriane , nadia , tina tech and solitary , be a winge creature . she 's wear a knight 's war helmet . a darth vadar pink light flash across they eye slit . she 's wear winge high heel . rf a snake wrap around the thigh make of chrome , leather and bone wrist guard , a copper and leopard bra . the music have almost futuristic quality . from somewhere thunder sound . as the other podinm ascend she take off she helmet . her back be to the audience . she place the helmet on she podium . the stage be . black as the blink helmet travel up to the t _ @ress room on she podium . she turn around , hide in she wing . she 's hit by purple laser beam . continued 125 104 . ( cont would ) throw she wing open . a gasp from the audience . especially from a astound frank who see that it 's junior jean . raven start to rock along with junior . jean . jean fix she eye on raven . the moment be reminiscent of the moment in the skate rink . except this time it 's jean whose drive raven . raven smile , proudly . . . . . jean beam . oward , ramo , raven , vera arrive and slip over to frank be table . the waitressess have burst into applause . Blue -collar worker who recognize jean from work cheer loudly . at one point jean drop the wing . finally , a hush fall over the audience again as junior jean move into a breathtaking dance , stay , like raven , close to the surface of themusic . when she finally ascend , the bar be chaotic in its appreciation . the audience be on its foot yell for more . finally , the music start again . all podium descend carry the dancers . the dancers get off and walk into the audience . frank rush toward jean and embrace she . nick have order a round for the house . ° frank baby , you be wonderful ! sensational ! junior jean thanks , Frank . frank I have no idea . junior jean I know ... . frank I love you , baby . junior jean I want you to understand something , Frank . I do not do this for you . frank but ...? juntlr jean ( coyly ) no promise o- frankie ... continued we 125 126 127 128 105 , ( cont would ) frank be dumbfounded as the other dancers swarm eround jean , the celebrity of the moment . howard notice what go on between the two lover . howard a star be bear , but now what ? ramo , vera , howard and nick take turn embrace jean . raven stand at the outskirt of the group stunne by jean be performance . finally jean stand before raven , suddenly a new contender . they walk into each other 's arm . hold each other tight . nick ( to waitress ) Champagne ! waitress what champagne ? nick . in the back ... a whole - case ... New York State ! a atmosphere of celebration . one of the waitress walk over to howard and whisper something in he ear . howard , flustered , rush to the door . ext . hard hat bar and grill = market neighborhood - night howard rush out to he truck . see the paint and slashed tire . fill with speed and rage he stare at the biker , about a dozen of they , inside the Bus Depot coffee shop . Three motorcycle be park close to each other in front of the coffee shop . he stride back into the bar . int . hard hat bar and grill - market neighborhood + night howard walk back behind the bar , grab a bottle of cognac and storm out again . tina tech , still wear she hi-tech extension chord outfit , notice howard . concerned , she stand and follow he out . the celebration continue . ext . hard hat bar and grill - market neighborhood = night howard march over to the motorcycle . unscrew the gas tank cap on al ) three , tina tech step out of the bar , he splashes cognac over all three bike . continved on , 128 ce C c ' 129 ) t a c 130 131 106 . ( cont would ) . howard flambe yamaha ... you bastard ! howard light the cognac with a iighter and jump back . tina tech gasp . Three explosion . the bike engulf in flame . the biker , beside themselves with anger , come pour out of the coffee shop , howard be jeans catch on fire . he run . they chase he up a alley . everyone come pour out of the hard bat bar and grill to see what 's go on . roward fall , ' slapping at the fire on he leg . tina tech catch yo to he and beat the flame out with she hand . she turn and slug a siker . two other attack she . howard get up . ext . alley . near hard hat rar and grill ~ night the biker have surround howard and be brutally beat he , kick he , his face be run with blood . howard slug back viciously . first biker t Fucking queen ! , tina tech spin one of the biker around and level he with a terrific punch . two other biker pick she up and hurl she against garbage can . one of they kick she squarely in the face . frank , raven and some bar regular rush into the alley . the biker take off . raven bend beside howard , who 's bleed , break . frank ( bend over Tina ) call a ambulance ! ext . hard hat bar and grill + market neighborhood — night . a fire engine stand beside the smolder bike . Police car everywhere . ramo , sobbing , sit in the ambulance as howard , on a stretcher , be place in the back . tina tech be put in another ambulance . raven sit in the back with she . frank be enbrace junior jean . she 's cry on he shoulder . a astonish - ing debacle . ext . CITY cemetery - outskirt = day walk back toward the cortege camera pan the tearful face of ramo with mrs , pasich , vera , frark , junior jean , nadia , solitary , lorraine , continued 131 132 ( cont would ) relative , neighborhood friend , and tina tech , whose face be badly batter . the modern priest and paul potoker be wait in the distance for raven who be linger beside howard be open grave . carring she bowler hat , with feather . into the grave . raven raven be bhe drop it I know you secret ingredient , Howard . carnation condense milk . can you believe it ? finally , raven burst into tear of great sorrow . paul walk back toward the sad figure of raven . hold she ; turn she around ; embrace she tightly . a paternal moment . raven , sobbing , hold on for dear life . we realize , perhaps for the first time , how alone raven be . ext . CITY cemetary ~ outskirt - day paul and raven walk back toward the cortege . paul what will you de now ? raven think about the future ... , try not to miss people too much ... they walk together a little further . other . paul do not ever stop , raven ... you be go to take the town ... face each she look into he face . some strength under she tear . paul ( fight tear ) I will never forget you ... «.. there will not be a day ... I will never forget you . continued 138 139 110 . {cont would ) raven {manic ) and I be a damn good one too . that 's where you can see my work . I would like to get into this school but I can not afford it right now be - cause I have to help out . my friend Vera run she shop . but I could do work for you here , I be real good with my hand , if you would just come down to the hard hat there and see my work , well , .. I be good ... glynnis ( simultaneous lv admission director I believe you .... I believe you .... raven you do ? int . two to tango boutique - uptown = day vera , the earth mother , be busily adjust the sandwich board be wear by tina tech , junior jean , solitary , nadia and lorraine . the board announce with some panache , the open of two to tango . the girl themselves look terrific . a little shy to get out there on the street with the uptown shopper . vera get out there you slut ... raven keep it hot .. lorraine | oinga-boinga . tina tech we shall overdose ! raven and vera watch the rag-tag group , quietly hit the street , gradually gather confidence and finally bop to the sound of they own internal music . raven and vera have to laugh . vera do we have the slight smallest , honest to God american , tits~on - a- bull , chance to survive ? continued 137 138 41 uy . ext . conservatory of contemporary dance ~ day raven shut the door of the comet . she 's dress conservatively . the rest of the girl in they oute rageous plummage , watch as she climb the stair . enter . int . conservatory of contemporary dance - day raven walk into the foyer cf the dance studio . walk toward the rehearsal hall . a young male dancer walk past . raven be there a dancer call glynnis around ? the male dancer stop , poke he head into the re~ hearsal hall . male dancer glynnis ! glynnis come bounce out . raven you probably do not remember me. eee glynnis who could forget you ? raven ... with the kodiak boot ... the admission director arrive , scolding . admission director back in class , glynnis . glynnis Mrs. hardwick , this be raven . raven ...our admission director ... Mrs. hardwick . admission director do I know you ? raven no . but I be a dancer . raven take out tvo package of bard bat bar and grill match . hand they over . : continued 132 133 134 235 136 108 . ( cont would ) . raven fhanks ... for loving I ... raven break the embrace . move away fram paul , away from the cortege , strike out alone across the vast grass . music sequence begins : int . raven' loft - warehouse district ~- day raven alone in she loft . rain on the window , Dancing alone , wear little more than leg warmer . a poignant dance of mourn , move on , alone but no longer isolate . int . paul potoker' office - uptown ~- day camera pan from photograph of elaine the dancer , across the desk , to paul potoker alone , at window , look out across the rainy landscape . int . two to tango boutique - uptown = day c/u vera be hand turn the sign on the window . the sign read : OPEN . rain have stop . overcast . camera pull back and we see vera alone in the shop ready for business . the clothes , cosmetics , even ruven 's hand - paint pump be out for sale . the shop be original , full of warmth and invention . music sequence end , int . comet - market neighborhood - day the car pass the Catholic church and synagogue . it pass the renovate house which be almost complete . a new BMW stand outside . Inside the car , raven , jina tech , junior jean , nadia , solitary and lorraine drive . the car pass the illustrate house . City official be outside . Men on scaffold be painting over mr. correlli be '' offensive '' mural . mr . correlli , head bow , sit on the stoop . raven there go the neighborhood . tina tech give ‘em shit , Mr. correlli ? 139 tal 140 24 ) {cont d ) 122. raven Einstein make it , do not he ? . vera what ? raven ._ Hell . '' we be go to . knock them into the cheap seat ... two very spoiled - lock uptown girl approach the shop . customer ! int . hard hat bar and brill = market neighborhood = night a festive atmosphere . a large banner across the room read : congratulation vera !. as the music build six podium ascend from the dress room . we see raven , flanke by tina tech , junior jean , solitary , lorraine , and nadia . lime green laser beam hit all six dancer , give the visual effect of be tie , all dancer break the tie at the same time and reck together , precisely choreograph move in unison . glynnis , she friend stephanie , [ the conservatory dancers previously see ) and the admission director be totally impressed , the principle waitress , wear they high - fashion knock - off , flash and mouth to the music - - all of they stand on table . vera and ramo clap in the audience as do . most of the regular . frank beat he hand on the table . Bus driver , welder , crane operator and sandblaster beat they hand to the music . the momentum of the music shift . the flashdancer move into a chain of tango that create a circle , snap one dancer out into a solo from time to time . sisterhood . elation . celebration . ext . hard hat bar and grill = northeastern industrial city - night music build . camera pull back . we see the hard hat bar and grill , the bus depot . camera travel through city market at night , past the warehouse area dn decline , past the fade garment district and ulti- mately pan the shimmer cityscape . the music end . another cycle in the dream . post credit the end