flash gordon written by Lorenzo semple Jr. fade in : ext . wide african landscape - morning at first only darkness , then the rise sun paint in a endless savanna from horizon to horizon . we hear savage drum beat in the distance come from some unknown place . the sun clear the horizon . suddenly it change amazingly : the white disc go through a rapid series of color transition , from yellow to green to purple to a incredible blood red . from it shoot a red lightning bolt . the sky echoe with thunder . we hear a howling ethereal wind , but not a twig of the brush stir as bolt after bolt of red lightning rip the sky , with each one a title or credit appear . under final credit snow be beginning to fall on the burn blood - red savanna . ext . plane in flight - day I 's a twin otter with the logo of some commuter airline . it buzze along over pleasant countryside , through a sky that 's almost unnaturally serene and fill with fleecy white cloud . int . plane in flight - day there be just two passenger in the cabin . one be dale arden , a great look dark - haire girl sit by herself and read a book entitle " karate for the single girl .... a guide to survival in the City . " a few row forward , near the open door into the pilot ' compartment , be flash gordon . he 's study a football play - sheet , one of that diagramm thing with X 's and 0' for the player and dot - line arrow indicate the direction of movement . suddenly the plane make a violent bump . it almost knock the book from dale be hand . she look out the window with sudden fright , toss hair out of she eye , in a gesture that 's habitual to she in moment of stress . there 's nothing to see outside but the pretty cloud . she look forward again and watch flash stand up easily , lean in t..e cockpit doorway to speak to the pilot . int . plane / cockpit - continuous ( co-p:ilot , dale , flash , pilot ) flash what be that , fella ? 2 . pilot clear- air turbulence , be all . nothing serious co- pilot but nothing you would want to toss a third - down pass through either -- ( grinning back at flash ) can I have a autograph for my kid , Mr. Gordon ? flash sure -- my pleasure . as flash take a bit of paper from the CO - pilot , the plane take another jolt , even more violent than the first . pilot wow. call Westchester approach , see what they have get . flash I sure hope we do not have to turn back . I mean this be first day of training camp , I would not want to be late -- pilot seat-belt time . flash start back to he seat . the plane jump again , shudder violently . he hold on , call up front : flash maybe it would be smoother if you go higher -- dale will you shut up ? ( as flash 's head swivel ) look , mister flash Gordon , they have they hand full -- just let them drive . int . plane - continuous ( dale , flash ) the plane buffet . flash be send reeling , catch hold of the rack above dale , lower himself into the seat next to she . he buckle fast , take out a candy bar and offer it to she . 3. flash when you be nervous , it can help to chew on something dale thanks a lot -- I look dumb enough to take candy from a stranger ? flash I be not a stranger exactly -- you know my name . dale who do not . number one draft pick , cover of people mag -- what would the giant sign you for , eighty - nine million ? Big deal ! flash of course . dale God , I hate fly -- I be Dale arden it 's crazy of I to hate fly -- I be a travel agent , you see ? -- I have just be check out a little hotel in vermont -- can I still have that candy bar ? ( and in the same breath ) be we go backward ? flash backward ? dale ( gasp ) Holy cow ! look at the cloud ! ext . sky - Pov from plane window - day the pretty white cloud be change above and beginning to surround the airplane . over the engine we hear that same ethereal wind rise which we hear in the open . slowly and terrifyingly , the sun start turn blood red . the cloud race faster , faster , until they be actually stream past the plane from behind . int . plane - day flash and dale -- face bath in the eerie light . speechless - dale grasp the football player 's hand with all she strength . ext . a fantastic greenhouse - day it be a huge and rambling , antique , stand in semiruinous isolation in a pretty country landscape . the sun have turn 4. the same blood red we see from the airplane , and cloud race across it with unnatural velocity . in the center of the greenhouse rise a glass - pane tower through which we glimpse something mirror bright . float high in the air above the structure be several silvery helium - fill balloon , secure by wire . as we move closer , we discern a man move about actively on a platform inside the central tower , about half - way up : int . greenhouse tower - day ( munson , tv newsman , zarkov ) the man be dr . han zarkov : big , bearded , feverish look and seemingly half mad with exhaustion . in strike contrast to the antique greenhouse exterior , here there be all kind of computer and display connect together in a slapdash fashion . quantity of neglect plant , most brown and dead or die , hide the work in here from outside view . as Zarkov run around throw switch and eyeing display , a grim-voice tv . newsman be appear and speak from a good -size television screen above the main control console : tv newsman the extraordinary weather disturbance report from Africa this morning be now crossing the Atlantic , and be expect to reach the East Coast of the United States by noon . accord to scientist at NASA , the Earth be be strike by a immense stream of cosmic energy , apparently the result of some catastrophic stellar accident beyond the reach of -- zarkov whirl , slam the tv SOUND off and yell at the silently mouth newsman on the screen . zarkov fool ! can not you understand ? this be no accident -- it 's a attack ! a attack plan by a mind ! this be attack ! munson , a scared look assistant , come run up the stair with a computer print - out sheet . munson Dr. Zarkov ! look at the report from the last balloon ! zarkov grab it , eye it . 5 . zarkov I predict it , do not I ? munson yes , sir -- you sure do . and this funny sun too --- zarkov ozone layer start to crack up . by tonight carbon dioxide will be combine with free nitrogen to form -- ( break off , crumpling the sheet ) well , this be it . munson Sir , the President be on the tv behind you -- zarkov what the hell do I care ? I try to warn he -- he call I mad , like all the other . boom ! the tv screen explode in a fine shower of glass . zarkov ( cont 'd ) time for we to go , munson . get you toothbrush and whatever . munson go where ? zarkov up. up and at he . stun , munson turn he head and glance at something big and mirror bright gleam behind foliage in center of tower . munson you be crazy ! perfectly calm except for the maniacal glint in he eye , zarkov pull out a revolver and point it at munson . zarkov I can not handle the capsule alone get you toothbrush . int . cockpit to sky - Pov ( CO - pilot , pilot ) the pilot watch this cloud also , transfix with disbelief . they speak with that incredible calmness characteristic of professional airmen in a moment of impending catastrophe . 6 . pilot what 's ,e word from Westchester approach , Bill ? co- pilot Zip . all chanel dead . ( reacting to the panel ) say , get a load of the vor 's .... the directional needle be go crazy . all the instrument be go crazy . display flash impossible symbol . the pilot gape at they a moment , then return he gaze to the sky and swallow . pilot on the leave , about six o'clock high ...... the racing stream of cloud be parting open like in some surreal painting . from the cortex laser - like bolt of red lightning shoot out . like a missile , one zap right over the plane 's nose with a horrible crackle noise . pilot ( cont 'd ) hold on tight , let 's put baby down right here ...... the co- pilot reach up and hit the flap control . there be a whoosh crackle zap ! the whole cockpit flare out with a intolerable blind flash of red light . int . passenger cabin - continuous the cockpit door fly off its hinge , admit a gale of wind that scatter flash be play sheet like autumn leave . flash unsnap he belt , leap up and race forward . int . cockpit - continuous ( dale , flash ) the two pilot be go , vanish without trace . wind from the shattered window assault flash as he charge in . he stumble forward as the plane nose into a dive . recovering he scramble into the leave -hand seat , grab hold of the buck wheel yoke , pull back and kick at the rudder pedal . dale lurch in against the tornado . dale can you fly it ? flash I can fly all right -- I have have a couple of lesson ! -- just do not if I can land ! ( more ) 7. flash ( cont 'd ) ( fighting control ) grab that other wheel ! help I pull she up ! dale stagger into the co-pilot 's seat , pull back on the wheel in front of she . dale oh boy ! ever hear about the man who fall ninety storey from a window and do not break a bone ? flash no but I would sure like to ! how would the man fall ninety storey do not break a bone ? dale the window be ninety - one storey up ! shoot forward - through the broken windshield the Earth be approach fast , wheeling and tilting . we get a glimpse of a strange greenhouse structure at the end of a flat area . another barrage of crackle red lightning bolt shoot all around the plane but just miss it . int . cockpit ( flash ) flash brace yourself I be aim at that field up ahead ! ext . harkove greenhouse - day ( zarkov be voice ) its thousand of pane reflect the red SUN and the red bolt which rain down in intermittent burst . one strike a end of a gallery , explode glass and foliage . from inside , we hear a furious echoing voice : harkove voice I see you , munson ! come out or I shoot ! 8. int . greenhouse - day ( munson , zarkov ) zarkov be on the lower stair of the tower , aim he revolver . munson emerge from some dry brown bush where he be hide . munson so what 's it matter if I be shot or go up in that thing ? I be a goner either way , right ? zarkov of course -- I admit that ! but this way you will be give you life for a chance of save Earth ! have not you any spirit at all ?? munson Goodbye , Doctor -- they be all right about you . have a nice trip . munson start walk away , toward the door at the end of the long side wing . zarkov I tell you I can not take it off alone ! if you will not come , who will I find ? if you will o't come , who will I find : munson ignore he totally , keep walk away . zarkov lift he revolver and draw a bead on the man 's back . just as he be about to shoot , he react to something outside . ext . greenhouse amazingly , a twin otter be glide in to a horribly rough landing in the field outside . the plane hit on one wheel , bounce into the air , come down again and keep right on roll toward the greenhouse . as above - feature munson seeing the onrush plane , freezing a instant then start to run . he hardly get five yard before the twin otter come slamming in through the greenhouse wall , bury munson totally under the wreckage . int . cockpit - day ( dale , flash ) crazily angle , fill with dust and smoke . daze , blood on he forehead , flash struggle from he seat . 9 . flash Dale ! be you all right ? dale I be terrific . ( weak smile ) flash Gordon , you have just make I a giant fan for life . flash come on -- let 's get out before she blow ! flash help she from the wreck seat , wheel and kick out the emergency exit in the cockpit area . int . greenhouse - day ( dale , flash , zarkov ) flash lower dale to the ground , jump down after she . zarkov be there , smile at they in a strange way . flash hello. i'm flash Gordon , this be miss Dale arden -- zarkov ( means it ) delighted to see you . flash this crazy storm knock we down could we use a phone ? zarkov certainly . just follow I -- up that stair . flash some weather huh ? zarkov it will get worse . zarkov turn and smile at they again as they start up the tower stair . suddenly dale stop short , stare at zarkov with a funny expression . dale you be Dr. han Zarkov ! zarkov hesitates just a instant , the nod . zarkov how do you know ? 10 . dale I see you in people mag . after you leave NASA , remember ? it say you be utterly --- dale break off , almost bite she tongue . zarkov insane ? off my rocker ? dale I forget what it say : ( turning hastily ) flash , let 's find some other phone , okay ? I be sure Dr. Zarkov be very busy ....... flash be baffle , but he get she urgent look . flash well , all right -- but it seem to I we ought to -- now it 's flash be turn to break off . zarkov be point a gun at he . zarkov up the stair to the tower ! ahead of I -- quick ! -- ( as they gape at he , frozen ) Quick I say : we have not much time -- Earth be be attack ! -- there 's only one slim chance of save it ! flash mister , you be insane ! howl of ether - wind increase . Storm of red laser bolt . Glass shower they as part of the green house explode and dry foliage burst into flame . zarkov up the stair -- run ! zarkov jab the revolver into dale be back . red bolt zap around . flash whisper to she as they start run up ahead of zarkov . flash go with the flow -- wait for a chance ! below they , bottom of staircase disintergrate in a red flash . 11 . int . top level of greenhouse tower ( dale , flash , zarkov ) zarkov rip away a screen of foliage , revealing a mirror bright capsule , seamless but for one door . he yank that open . on every side thing be blow up and burn under the merciless rain of bolt . one strike the capsule head on , but do not even leave a mark . zarkov I need you help to take off ! get in or I shot you dead ! dale gasp and shrink back . flash take off for where ? zarkov God only know -- whatever black corner of space this be come from -- wherever he be !. -- we will plunge into the devil 's heart and destroy he ! we will die ourselves , of course , but we name will be honore till the end of time ! dale look , Doc -- I do not book kamikaze tour -- never . flash be poise to jump , but zarkov suddenly push dale off - balance , into the capsule . flash leap after she . int . capsule ( dale , zarkov ) it be curiously transparent from the inside , mirrore only on the exterior . there be some control and display , but in general the interior be severely ascetic : as far remove from conventional spacecraft as zarkov 's solitary genius be from everyday science . immediately start to set switch in a frenzy of activity , zarkov wave the gun at flash . zarkov sit down there ! Foot on the red pedal ! dale flash ! sack he ! 12 . zarkov wheel and pull the door shut . flash jump he . he punch zarkov in the gut . zarkov slam he back with the well - know strength of a madman . flash clobber he again . falling , zarkov dive sideward and hit a switch . the capsule whine softly and begin to whirl . look out through the transparent wall , it be as if the capsule itself be motionless and the scene outside be whirling . what 's leave of the greenhouse be under a constant rain of that laser bolt , flash fire that make we dizzy . flash stagger to he foot and find dale , fold he arm around she protectively . the centrifugal force be rapidly increase now , throw they both against the wall . faster and faster , whirling , the force press dale be body back against flash be until they be almost one flesh . we move over and find zarkov plaster against another part of the whirling capsule , he face drain white and distort by the terrific G - Force operate here now , he lip move as he speak with enormous effort : zarkov , friendship ... built this to send to they in ... friendship ... the end now ... end of the world .... unless we ···· ( every sound a effort now ) unless ... we ... Three ... can ... zarkov be eye close . he lose consciousness . ext . greenhouse - long shot ( miniature ) totally ablaze within now , one huge fantastic jewel of fire . the whole central tower explode outward . from the inferno a mirror -bright capsule slowly rise , hover , begin pick up speed again as it ascend . ext . capsule in flight whirl , whirling , invincibly unharme by the laser bolt which glance off it again and again , accelerate up into space . ext . capsule in flight - Pov the earth recede below into a ball , red - hued ' under the fantastic sun . a fast approach light flare up against the mirrore surface and be recognise as we moon . it flash past , follow earth into e distance . all around , the sky darken into the void of space . fantastic montage - outer planet of our solar system 13 . they hurtle past the capsule in rapid sequence : red mar a sudden gauntlet of careen asteroid , all size , from tiny zinger to one almighty tumbler big as africa . mammoth jupiter with thirteen moon and its atmosphere of deadly methane cloud more than 1000 mile deep . the red patch on its surface be a storm 20,000 mile across which have rage without intermission for 200 earth century . through the ring of saturn in a dazzle lightstorm of blaze ice crystal . neptune , pluto , outermost uranus . one after another the planet be leave hurtle behind , wheeling in they concentric orbit , the entire solar system dwindling into nothing . ext . a spiral nebula it tilt and wheel wondrously as the capsule pass through the middle of it . consider that this nebula be probably a million light - year from edge to edge , we get some notion of the capsule 's speed . ext . a black hole in space curving light - ray from another galaxy be draw fantastically together and then simply disappear as they be pull in by the unimaginable gravitation force of be thing . we see the capsule , tiny , curving , and spin along amidst the mind - blow display of light ray , suck along with they ···· then simply disappearing as it too enter the void . ext . capsule in flight ( klytus , ming ) visible again , gleam in a amber glow . suddenly a dance grid of line appear over it , make we realise that we must be seeing it on some kind of screen . it blur out of focus , come back again more sharply as some adjustment have apparently be make . ecu - eye of ming the merciless deep in shadow , gleam with evil amusement . montage - ecu' of ming facial feature Curve of lip , flare of nostril , fold of eyelid , gleam of shaven scalp , each a menace landscape of sensual shadow as we hear : ming ( o.s. ) they survive we Black hole -- 14 . klytus ( o.s. ) hail ming ! shall I drow they in the Sea of Fire ? ming ( o.s. ) later , klytus -- I think we will look at they first . int . capsule - shoot from within through the transparent wall as the spin motion be rapidly slowing down . the three voyager be crumpled on the floor against the wall in strange attitude , flash be arm still hold dale . they seem semi-conscious , as if drop . a amber glow bathes they , and soon we see its source . a huge planet wheel into view through the transparent wall . it be mongo . its curve surface be a pure sea of amber FIRE molten lava , with great tongue of flame erupting horrifically . zarkov blink , struggle to focus he eye . he succeed , with horror sees where they be head . make a choke sound , zarkov stir and try to crawl over to a control panel . he push switch . nothing happen . the capsule keep on go down . a great leaping tongue of fire lick it . suddenly , just as destruction seem imminent , the capsule miraculously change its flight path and soar above the remain flame . it race through they . a shadow pass over mongo as the capsule pass through a wall of purple vapor and emerge above a totally different landscape . a dozen various colored cloud sweep past in silent majesty . the capsule slow , hover start straight down into a sea of high grass . ext . mongo -- grassy area - evening in the distant b.g. against a extraordinary sunset sky , rise the shimmer CITY of mongo .... a place of many level , golden tier and turret , tower , flag and pennant . it be like something dream . several strangely armore men watch the mirror - bright capsule descend slowly . the leader wave and they all start toward the capsule . int . capsule ( dale , flash , zarkov ) Gentle bump as the thing touch down . 15 . zarkov by God , we do it ! we make it ! flash make it where , Doctor ? zarkov I do not know . suddenly dale gasp , reacting to something she sees through the transparent - from-within wall . they all look around and see that strange men approach . dale do not . suddenly I like it in here just fine -- ext . grassy area - day ( armore men , flash , leader , zarkov ) the door of the capsule be open from the inside . zarkov and dale and flash get out . the men stop . Long beat as the two party gaze at each other , the first human eye ever to see a extraterrestrial be . flash walk up to the leader . flash hello -- my name 's flash Gordon -- can you understand I ? ( silence ) we be from earth -- we come as friend . zarkov ( urgent ) extend you hand ! that 's the gesture of friendship know everywhere ! with a warm grin , flash extend hi right hand . flash hi! clack ! with lightning speed a manacle be slam on flash be wrist and he be throw to ·the ground as other red men advance to handcuff dale and zarkov . leader you be prisoner . I will take you now to ming the merciless , ruler of the universe ! armore men ( chorus ) hail , ming ! 16 . groggily , flash lift he head towards zarkov . flash thanks , Doctor -- next time I will call my own play . ext . grassy area - Pov through open ( dale , flash ) another strange glimpse through a open . some fierce tethere beast be be goad and torment by mongo men , as in a elizabethan bear-bait . on the floor lie the tor n body of one man who apparently get too close . dale have one brief horrify glimpse of this , then turn she head away and shut she eye as she 's march along . dale just do what I be do . flash -- flash what be you do ? dale shut my eye -- dream I book we to disneyland . int . MAIN palace hall ( armore men ) a gigantic statue come into view amidst topless column at the end . Light play over it in ever-shift pattern . as we come nearer , we see that this statue be cut out in the middle to form a throne . ming the merciless sit in the throne niche , silent , gaze down on the prisoner as they be march to a halt before he . armore men hail , ming ! hail , great one without mercy ! a hundred reduplicate echoes of that shout ring through unseen reach of the palace . ming bend he head slightly in acknowledgement , point idly at the armore men at the leave of the group . int . palace of hall - series of dissolves ( armore man , aura , dale , flash , klytus , leader , ming , voice , zarkov ) as flash , dale and zarkov be march along by many armore men , perspective be bewilder , curvilinear , surface 17 . bend away into cavern of gloom without measurable dimension . we pass a archway open into what seem to be a amuseme - not arcade . glimpse of mongo people play amazing electronic game , while mongo go - go girl cavort on a platform to unearthly music . zarkov fantastic -- into a Black hole and out the other side -- to this . who say han Zarkov be mad ? dale you be mad . look down over a balcony from a moving Pov . a fencing glass be in session . six payr of men go at each other with magic sword which give off pyrotechnical display each time the blade clash . thrust , parry , slash ! the head of one duellist explode in a bloodless fountain of fire . flash you get we into this -- how do we get out ? zarkov get out ? why ? we be be take to ming -- get at he be we only hope of save earth . it 's perfect ! flash Dr. Zarkov , I be about to show you what it feel like to be clipped by a New York giant -- dale flash , it 's no use - he 's too crazy ! ming step forward , soldier . the designate one march two pace forward , halt . ming ( cont 'd ) be you loyal to ming ? would you die for he ? armore man gladly ! ming fall on you sword . 18. instantly the armore man pull he sword , rip open he breast - plate , set the sword hilt - down on the floor and plunge forward on to the fatal point . with a little cry of horror , dale shrink back into flash be arm . zarkov you inhuman fiend ! ming of course I be " inhuman " ! -- that 's a compliment ! ( drop he voice ) pathetic earthling , forever wonder if you be alone in the universe -- beam you plaintive message into to the void for anything that might hear you -- even hurl you body out into it -- and all without the faintest inkling of who or what be out here . if you have know anything -- anything at all about the true nature of the universe , you would have hide from it , in terror ! there be a low throaty laugh from the shadow . flash and dale turn they eye quickly in its direction . feature princess aura emerging half into the light beside a column , fondle the head of a obscure beast slouching between she leg . voluptuous beyond she year , fiercely erotic , aura look flash boldly up and down as the beast hiss with the pleasure of she touch . flash can not take he eye off she . no normal man could . flash swallow with a dry throat as aura be gaze devour he . dale get the electricity go on , give he a poke and whisper loudly . dale watch it , fella -- you come with I ! aura laugh again , sidle up toward ming . we dimly see a couple of mutant creature drag away the lifeless body of the one who so vividly prove he loyalty . ming you know who ming be now -- who be you and why do you come to mongo ? 19 . flash I be flash Gordon of the New York Giants this be Dale arden -- dr.zarkov hijacked we in a effort to save earth . ming look questioningly at klytus klytus sir , Earth be the meaningless planet you be in the process of obliterate . zarkov ( pounce on that ) in the process ? you mean Earth still exist ? ming for the moment -- not for much longer . flash but why ? what in hell have we ever do to hurt you ? ming you exist -- and yet you pay no homage to ming ! what great crime can be commit ? the palace ring with a answer chorus : voice of all the armore men and numerous other presently unseen , include many women . voice hail , ming ! hail , great one without mercy ! ming come closer , Dale arden -- let I see you . dale do not move . ming take a step down , narrow he eye and gaze at she intensely . this guy 's personal magnetism be enormous . as if irresistibly draw , dale step forward . ming move he hand in a gesture . a sourceless golden light bathes dale , sensuous musical chord be hear . dale 's lip open slightly , she color heighten , she rate of breathe increase . ming touch she flesh lightly . flash tense , ready to spring . klytus this woman will amuse you . 20 . zarkov ( interested ) klytus can see the future , eh ? ming he can foresee it -- but for a few moment only . it give he a unique gift for survival , -- and treachery . zarkov extraordinary . I would like to study he beta factor -- I wager I could extend they with a course of telekinetic exercise . ( peer at klytus ) tell I -- when you use this fit do you temporal lobe prickle ? here ? ming flash a glance of interest at zarkov , then address the leader of the armore men . ming chain this one up . preserve he for further examination . leader hail , ming ! zarkov be roughly seize . flash start after they angrily as they drag the scientist away . flash oh no you do not ! we come together and we be staying together ! languidly , ming indicate flash gordon with a point finger . ming that one be useless to we . remove he and kill he . shock reaction . flash wheel back at ming as dale step in front of she friend . dale you dirty old bastard can kill I too ! close angle - aura wetting she lip , move sinuously to whisper to ming : 21 . aura do not kill he yet , Father . give he to I ! ming ( eyebrow up ) what would you Prince barin say ? aura I can handle barin . ming really , aura -- you appetite be too monstrous -- even for we family . this could cause great trouble with barin -- I must forbid it . aura touch the rime of ming be ear with she tongue as she whisper again : aura but you adore I , Father -- you can refuse I nothing . yes ? wider shot as ming step quickly away from he super- provocative daughter and indicate dale . ming take the Earth -woman to we quarter ! bathe and annoint she for we pleasure ! a hooded guard come from shadow , move towards dale . flash start around to defend she , but before he can do it dale have make she own move . wham ! Quick as lightning , she flatten the hooded guard with a perfectly execute city - girl 's kick to the ball . dale be astonished at she own prowess . dale my God -- and I think that book be another rip-off - flash watch out ! behind you ! Three more hooded guard be emerge from the shadow towards dale . quick angle 22. flash fly at they . a elbow in the mouth dispose of one . he seize the man 's mace - like club as he fall , use it quickly to knock cold the other two . aura' eye shine at flash be prowess . fascinate , she run she moist tongue along the cut edge of she tooth . pant , brace , flash stand in front of dale with raise mace . unearthly martial music come in a glissando from the cavernous space above . to its tempo ming personal guard now starts· appear . they be all a race of amazon warrior , and the most amazing thing be that they all have the same face . from leave to right , back and front , the amazon advance 0 n flash and dale . they do not attack , merely stun ad overwhelm we with they massive , silent , answerable threat . flash swallow , look this way and that , stand as if paralyse . dale ( low and tremulous ) what 's the play , flash ? flash I can not -- I just can not -- dale can not what ? flash clobber a woman , Dale -- dale ( outburst ) you damn fool , that be not woman they be murderous amazon dyke ! the amazon be all around dale now . dale ( cont 'd ) help !! flash be paralyze by indecision one beat more , then suddenly make up he mind . he fly into action , slam the nearest pair of amazon . 23. int . palace - fight sequence ( dale ) fast and furious . great havoc be wreak by dale and she karate , by flash and he flail fist , but the amazon ' numerical superiority be of course decisive . soon flash be on the floor , pinion by a dozen amazon . he look up , with despair eye sees poor dale be drag up a flight of stair that disappear mysteriously into upper gloom . dale flash !! the pitiful shout send flash be adrenaline rush . with a superhuman effort , he fight free from the pile - up and dash after dale . int . palace - on the staircase flash struggle to get through to dale . dale claw fiercely at the bare amazon arm and shoulder that engulf she , reach desperately back down for flash . close shot - there hand just touch they fingertip . close shot - a step of the stair open like a yawn trap door under flash feet . flash drop away with a yell , in the very instant that aura come run into the shot and boldly jump after he . aura be swallow up too , a split - second before the trap door step close again after they . int . palace - cu-ming ( klytus , ming ) watch that , as klytus hiss into he ear . klytus she betray you ! she will take he to aboria ! ming so Prince barin will kill flash Gordon for I -- I do not care . klytus do not be too sure ! 24 . ming glance at he , then back up the stair at where dale have vanish . his face soften , he tone turn museful ! ming I have not take a wife in century . I could bring myself to marry this Dale arden -- ( a beat ) what do you see in she future , klytus ? no reply . ming turn he head and find that klytus be go . vanish . not particularly surprised or concerned , ming gaze again toward the top of the stair and answer he own question with a licentious smile . int . a dark metallic shaft - shoot down it ( aura , flash ) it be seemingly endless , faintly lot by phosphoresence from below . we dimly make out the figure of flash and aura fall away from we , far below , fall , fall . we hear hollow echoing voice reverbrate up to we . aura take a deep breath ! grab my ankle after we hit the water -- I will lead you ! flash hit what water ? in answer , we instantly hear a titanic splash . int . underwater ( tank ) flash plummet down , aura right after he . recovering balance in a universe of bubbles , flash find himself confront a enormous savage luminous fish . wheeling himself away in fear and revulsion , flash encounter aura . he seize she ankle as direct . holding he beat , flash swim after she through a maze of stalagmite grow up from the cavern floor . aura dive down , lead he out of sight through a low open . int . underground grotto ( aura , flash , plash ) flash and aura emerge from a pool of water . flash stagger across and collapse on a fringe of beach . for sure , aura be wet cling robe do not make she look any less sexy . he stare at she . aura catch you breath -- then I will take you up and find you a disguise . 25 . flash you be save my life . how can I thank you ? aura I will fly you to the forest of arboria - we will find a way . flash let 's get one thing straight -- I have get to find Dale and that nut Zarkov too -- rescue they and try to save Earth too . aura do you realize how foolish you be to tell that to I -- ming 's daughter ? flash I be no good at lie . aura you be funny -- be all eathling like you , flash Gordon ? plash I guess I be about average . int . underground corridor ( aura , flash ) there be window on one side , emit a fierce glare . flash follow aura rapidly along . suddenly he stop short , look in through the tinted glass . what he sees - plasma cavern a infernal place , chief feature of which be a lake of seething magma that slowly rotate within a wide encircle platform . the platform be pile with glowing radioactive gravel , be shovele into the magma by lizardman slave who toil in rythmic unison . flash ( o.s. ) what 's that ? aura ( o.s. ) the plasma core . it 's e source of the energy - beam my father ia aim at Earth . you can not stop it . ming be merciless and all - powerful ! angle - lizardman slave 26 . show ankle electrode shackle to each slave , so that that who collapse can be shocked back to they foot by guard station on a surround catwalk above . any slave unable to rise be summarily pitch into the magma by hooded men , wait like executioner to perform this chore . aura ( o.s. ) ( cont 'd ) the slave be lizard Men . once they have they own water Kingdom , the fairest of mongo . then they dare to rebel . they will suffer for it here forever . flash look at aura again , then back in the window . he react . int . grotto - he Pov in cavern - on a catwalk ( aura ) zarkov be be lead along by soldier , heavily shackle . he stop , gaze in wonder at the seethe lake , which flare up blindingly with each shovel full of gravel . flash and aura aura you can not reach he . if a soldier spot you , it 's instant death ! -- come ! aura take he hand . with one backward look toward zarkov who of course have not see he , flash follow she . int . plasma cavern - feature zarkov ( ming be voice , soldier , zarkov ) zarkov incredible - the very core of this planet , be it not ? soldier we be but soldier . we do not know . ming voice you guess well , Dr. Zarkov ! zarkov wheel in he chain , look up . int . plasma cavern - messanine ( everyone , ming , zarkov ) High above this place where ming stand with klytus , light by the infernal glare as he go on : 27 . ming I be force this plasma through the successive nuclear phase of a star - building it toward the apocalyptic moment that will end Earth 's pathetic history in one flash of fire . zarkov Devil ! why do not you turn this science to peaceful use ? the name ming would be bless instead of curse . ming bring he up to the dome , Soldiers -- we wish to show he wonder . at that instant a couple of wear - out slave be pitch into the magma . they die scream be drown by the chorus from all the minion : everyone hail ! ming ! hail , great one without mercy ! int . upper palace area - corridor ( aura , flash ) aura lead flash out through a doorway . he be now fitte out with a fairly resplendent mongo costume : boot , cape , headdress and all . they hurry along through shadow . suddenly flash seize she by the shoulder , stop she . flash listen , where 's he get Dale ? as she look at he , she sees a detachment of soldier march this direction . quickly she pull flash into a niche , press she body against he in the narrow space . whisper : aura forget Dale arden ! flash I can not ! I mean I hardly know she , but -- aura forget she , flash Gordon : I see a look in my father 's eye -- I think he intend to marry she . flash what ?? marry she ? what be you talk about ?? 28 . the soldier have go past , but aura be still press against he . aura oh you ask so many question . ( seductive ) I be take you to people who will help you . trust I ! flash can I honestly ? aura trust I ! aura haul flash from the niche , they hurry on a bit further . aura stop in front of big door , with glass window in they . aura ( cont 'd ) here we be . flash here we be where ? aura I have dress you as a Royal Pilot , first class . we will slip into my personal car and you will fly it . flash take one look into the glass , then swivel back to aura flash that be rocket ship in there ! I can not fly a damn rocket ship ! aura ( soft , teasing ) learn from I -- I will teach you so much ! int . ming dome ( ming , zarkov ) open at the top to space . but instead of we familiar pinpoint star , here whole nebulae wheel in majesty against infinity , they innard pop with explosion as whole galaxy be bear and die . zarkov stand before ming in chain , mesmerize by fantastic device on every side . most prominent be a huge transparent cube , support in the air above a control console . ming move to that , play in it like a organist . we hear a soft intense hum , glimpse great dish - like radio antennae turn on the top side of the dome . 29 . a astonish thing happen . Inside the cube a recognisable greenish globe appear like a three - dimensional holograph , slowly turn as the continent and ocean come into view below a veil of cloud . zarkov Earth ! ming yes , Zarkov -- as it be . now as it will be , when my plasma reach full force ..... a sudden tide of FIRE sweep the globe , even the cloud burn . zarkov gasp as ming be finger dance of the control key again . ming ( cont 'd ) and as it will be in yet another time , long after you have die . Earth reborn ! a pleasant image , no ? the fire recede . the hang globe sparkles again with beauty just as it be except that the outline of we continent have be subtly change . zarkov but that 's impossible ! even you pervert genius can not create new life ! ming of course I can create life . there 's nothing easier . it only require myself and one woman . zarkov ( sudden understanding ) Dale arden ..... ming who else ? as in that childish myth of yours -- Adam and Eve , be not it ? I will breed with she and repopulate the Earth in my own image . I have already do it on over a thousand planet . ming touch a key . the image of Earth disappear from the cube . zarkov glare hatred at ming for a beat , then he eye catch something else . what he sees 30 . a big block of crystal on the floor with two sword embed in it , just they hilt stick out . angle to include zarkov . chain as he be , he suddenly bound over and seize a sword hilt , try to pull it out . it do not budge . ming ( cont 'd ) the magic blade be not for you kind , Zarkov . one be my own the other will only be withdraw by my rightful heir . pull on they with all you might : zarkov tug desperately , but it do not give a inch . he fall panting over the block . zarkov monster ! ming laugh , make a sign to a soldier . ming return he to the dungeon . int . ming seraglio ( dale , hedonia ) dale stand amongst the exotic female of this lavish place , be gently but firmly divest of she clothes and put into a diaphanous gown . they intend she no harm . though each have some slight unearthly peculiarity , all be very beautiful . tickle , dale can not suppress a giggle . the female be amaze and delighted by this phenomenon . they take turn poke at she rib as tall hedonia glide up , bear a flagon of green liquid . hedonia drink this . dale recoil , she giggle cut short . dale what be it -- some rotten drug ? hedonia it have no name . but many brave man die to bring it across space from cythera , planet of pleasure . it will make you hour with ming more agreeable . with a karate chop , dale - knock the flagon away . hedonia rub she hurt wrist but do not seem angry . 31 . hedonia ( cont 'd ) we be of different race , Dale arden but we all be woman here . I know you fear . believe I , it will be better if you drink it ... hedonia retrieve the flagon from the silken pillow where it land , extend it again to dale . a shout ! dale flash ! where be you ?? of course there be no answer . sudden tear of despair spring from dale be eye . she seize the flagon and impulsively drink it . her expression change . dale ( cont 'd ) say , this stuff be not bad at all . ext . space - aura' shuttle craft sail along , a wonderful little bubble - top two -seater , with royal device . ext . space - a moon of ice float toward we , dazzle sphere of freeze seas and glacier . include aura' spacecraft come into shot in a curving pass over the surface . it 's a nifty bubble - top two -seater with royal device . int . cockpit - in flight ( aura ) there be no normal control , just a glow multi-color panel over which the pilot make hand - movement to effect change of course and attitude . flash be in the left-hand seat beside aura , gaze down at the glitter sight . aura frigia -- eleventh of the moon of mongo . it 's inhabit by the bear Men who eat they own young ... flash shiver . patch of frost and ice start to form on the craft 's bubble . aura ( cont 'd ) now pull up -- go starboard around that next moon rise -- ardentia . flash move he hand over the panel . the craft pull up and bank . 32 . int . cockpit - another shot ( aura , flash ) another moon rising ahead . its reddish desert surface be sweep by a raging sandstorm . flash some lucky people live on that one too ? aura of course - the Sand Men . every Moon be a kingdom -- seperate and hostile to all the other . they have nothing in common but ming 's rule -- and they hatred of he . flash why do not they team up and fight he ? aura fight ming the merciless ? ( laugh ) you see what happen to the lizard men. feature flash with a sudden thoughtful look , he head work . flash Sue -- but that be not a team effort . aura I do not know this word what 's a " team " ? flash just shake he head . aura watch he a beat more , then reach up and pull down a curious gadget hang above she seat . it 's a transparent hood with strange fitting inside , not totally unlike a beauty - shop hairdryer . aura ( cont 'd ) telekinetic think transfer . ( set its dial ) I be go to get together with Prince barin in arboria and tell he I be arrive . he 's the one who will help you . flash why ? 33. aura because he do anything I ask . he love I . flash you can really transfer you thought with that ? like I could get in touch with Dale ? aura if I show you how . ( teasing ) but I be not go to . flash please . aura just give he a look and laugh . flash stare at she a moment , then suddenly move he hand sharply over the control panel . the craft hurtle into a violent dive . aura yell . aura what be you do ? aura drop the plastic hood , lunge to move . she own hand on the control , but flash seize she wrist . ext . shoot through bubble to ext . show the windblown surface of the moon ardentia dead ahead . int . cockpit ( aura , flash ) aura be you mad&gt ; we be diving straight at ardentia ! flash that 's right , princess ··· and we be not pull out until you put that gadget over my head and tune I in to Dale arden ! aura struggle wildly , but flash be grip on she wrist be like iron . the surface of ardentia loom up , closer and closer . int . ming seraglio - bathing area ( dale , flash voice , hedonia ) dale be immerse naked in a bubbly swirl tub , a luxuriant prisoner of the female who bathe and groom she . she seem daze by steam and by the sensuous movement of the water . 34 . a couple of the female lift dale be hand , make a cup of they . hedonia pour rich oil into it . hedonia rub this on you body . it give ming pleasure . dale start to oil herself as the female exchange look and laugh softly . suddenly a filter voice be heard from nowhere , though it seem very close : flash voice Dale , it 's I -- flash ! be I with you ? cu dale she blink , befuddle , pause in she oiling of herself . hedonia what 's the matter ? dale I be dream . int . cockpit ( flash voice ) cu flash with the think transference gizmo down over he head , a faint bluish glow flicker within , as aura watch he and we see the moon ardentia fall behind rapidly through the glass . flash concentrate fiercely . we hear he voice thought but he lip do not move . flash voice no , Dale -- you be not dream I be flash -- I be with you and you be with I ! int . ming bathing area ( dale' voice , flash voice , flash ' S voice ) flash voice be you receive my thought ? now we hear dale' voice , without she lip move either : dale' voice I be receive something -- 35 . flash ' S voice ( excitedly ) I read you , Dale -- I be get you too ! think of I -- hard ! intercut - flash and dale - seraglio bath and cockpit as they communicate . note : there might be some faint glow in the air above the tub some spectral suggestion . of flash be presence , the idea be to show that hedonia and other female be unaware of this interchange go on as they continue to bathe and groom dale . int . cutting between bathing area and cockpit ( dale' voice , flash voice , flash ' S voice ) dale' voice where be you flash ? flash voice speed for the Kingdom of arboria to get help ! I be in a spacecraft with aura , ming 's daughter ! dale' voice what ? that bitch ? do not trust she ! she 's after you ! flash voice listen , she mean nothing to I -- not a darn thing . where be you , Dale ? dale' voice nake in a bathtub . flash voice ( choked ) oh God -- if I could only see you , Dale . if I could touch you -- what be you in a tub for ? dale' voice I be be fix up for ming . flash ' S voice no ! where 's Dr. Zarkov ? dale' voice chain in a dungeon , I think . what will I do , flash ? flash ' S voice Fake them out ! 36 . dale' voice how ? flash voice just fake them out , Dale -- girl know how . but do not go too far . I mean get to Zarkov and release he , I will have help by then -- I will find you . can you do all that ? dale' voice sound like fourth down and about ninety yard to go , but I will try . flash voice Dale , you be some girl -- God , you really be . ( pause ) do you get what I be think now ? dale' voice ( super - sensuous ) oh yes . flash ' S voice Dale , we be gonna get out of this jam -- I swear we will -- I will find you , and when I do we will ----- int . cockpit - feature aura ( aura ) who have be watch flash be face with increase frustration and jealousy during this , suddenly snatching the think transfer bubble off flash be head . aura enough ! he have a daze dreamy look on he face . aura slap he out of it , point - ahead . aura ( cont 'd ) there 's arboria ! ext . arboria - day Green tangle of branch and leave and vine . angling up , we see the shuttle craft approach we head - on at a down angle . ext . arboria - shuttle craft Pov it race up toward the craft 's windshield . we level off for a moment , then plunge down again into a blur of green . 37 . int . cockpit - flash ( flash ) work he hand over the control sensor as crazy greenery rush by outside . thump thud crash ! the craft careen to a swinging halt , so suddenly that flash and aura almost have they wind knock out as they be throw against they seat belt . flash recover . flash sorry . I guess landing be not my thing . ext . shuttle craft ( aura , flash ) it hang snag in a huge vine , like a creature catch by some monstrous boa-constrictor . this be a complete world of green , the light , the feel of the air . everything ring with forest sound . the very sky be shut from view by leave and foliage . the craft 's hatch open . flash struggle out , give aura a hand up . kneel on the cabin , flash take in this incredible vista stretch all around . flash where 's Robin Hood ? aura who ? flash it do not matter . how do we get down . aura follow I . carefully , balance lithely , aura start along the trunk of the great vine that catch they . int . ming bedchamber ( dale , serving girl ) ultra - byzantine splendor . the only light be by a huge bed on which dale recline . a serving girl glide up with a flagon of that liquid . serving girl he be come to see you now . be you ready ? 38 . dale ( easy , smile ) very . serving girl do you need any more of this ? dale no , thanks . just turn down the light a bit , would you ? I be shy . the serving girl lean over the bed to do so . we glimpse dale' hand rise quickly to deliver a karate- chop . int . palace hallway ming walk down it toward a close door at the end . he pause a moment in anticipation , compose himself , open the door . int . ming bedchamber it 's nearly dark . ming come from shadow , look down at the bed . there be a feminine silhouette on it . ming sit , extend a hand . his finger travel sensuously up a bare thigh , suddenly stop . savagely , ming pull the face of the girl into the light . it be not dale arden but the unconscious serving girl , now dress in dale be gown . int . dungeon - ming ' S palace ( guard ) open close on zarkov , who lie asleep in he chain . a hand touch he shoulder . zarkov wake with a start to see a serving girl bend over he , tray in hand . she move she cloak to reveal that she be dale . a guard stand nearby against a wall , faceless in the shadow of a cowl uniform . guard serve girl - what business have you in this dungeon ? dale quickly put the tray down , stand and turn to the guard she smile invitingly , lift she skirt up above she knee . the leg be long and terrific . 39 . the guard catch he breath , step toward she lecherously to accept the invitation . wham ! he double up as dale kick he in the groin , go down without a sound as a left-right - leave series of karate chop hit he neck . he be hardly on the floor before dale be pounce on the key - ring at he belt . ext . arboria forest - flash and aura ( aura , flash ) make they way swiftly through it between earth and heaven , crossing this green world on branch and trunk of monster vine . flash pause . flash listen -- be you sure this barin will help I ? gently , provocatively , aura put she finger on he lip to silence he . aura ssssh ...... trust I ! ext . arboria - full shot ( aura , flash ) of a fantastic structure , many level , build of wood and other material from the heart of the forest . move off it to find flash and aura nearby , he gaze at this apparition with a strange wistful expression . flash it 's amazing -- I dream of this tree-house when I be a kid -- aura laugh softly , wave he on . with flash and aura climb the ramp - like stair which wind up around it in a mount spiral . suddenly the forest ring with singsong cry and call I mingle with a sort of roaring snarl . aura it 's barin 's hunt ! watch ! aura lead he on at a run to the wide balcony above . ext . forest - moving shot with a desperate lion man , run full tilt ; roaring and snarling as he zig -zag this way and that . 40 . there be a swishing SOUND and a arrow - like missile catch he in the back . sharp pfsssss : as of gas escape . ext . forest - another angle ( all three men , tree man ) barin , prince of arboria and look every inch the part , stand with a fire crossbow . over he shoulder be a quiver of glass arrow , each a little pointed cylinder at the end . some distance behind and around we see a number of he loyal tree men . tree man barin get he ! all three men hail , ming ! ext . structure - balcony ( aura , flash ) flash -- beside aura on balcony flash be eye jump to she as he hear that echoing . flash this be the guy who be gonna help I ? aura it mean nothing . they only shout that because it 's treason not to . they hate ming . ext . forest - feature barin ( barin , flash ) barin I scent a Tiger man near the lodge ! form battle line above and below ! as the tree men scurry to obey , barin move forward , reloading and cock he weapon . the stricken lion man come into view . incredibly , the glass arrow in he back have transformed he into a statue of ice . at barin be footfall , he disintegrate in a tinkling fall of freeze shard . the TIGER man be poise behind a tree near the lodge , panting . he be a magnificent creature , with a horn stick out of he forehead . he tense , hearing the birdlike call of the advance hunter . closer , closer . 41 . angle widen . we see another pair of lion men crouching nearby , terrify . the line of tree men come into view . the crouching pair look in appeal to the TIGER man by the tree . he watch a beat , wave they to run backward , then cover the escape of the other , TIGER man charge into he enemy headlong . from lodge balcony - Pov shot flash and aura watch the fight . TIGER man be rage be magnificent as he flail the nearest tree men without regard for they number . he have flatten half a dozen when suddenly barin be upper line of tree men leap down on he from the branch above , and he be bury under they sheer weight . cu flash watching flash I know just how he feel -- we play the Pittsburgh steeler last year . ext . forest - feature barin ( barin , tree man ) angle - barin advance by himself , hearing the triumphant shout of he man . tree man ( o.s. ) Prince barin ! we have he ! barin not he ! bring he back for sport : ext . balcony - flash ( aura ) watch with horrify fascination as nets be throw over the struggle TIGER man . aura' eye bright with lust for this kind of spectacle , aura speak low to flash aura go inside -- let I talk to barin first . ( as flash hesitates ) foolish earthling - trust I ! ext . forest - below lodge ( aura , barin ) barin walk up ahead of some tree men who be carry the TIGER man in they net . suddenly he stop , reacting to aura on the balcony . barin aura ! 42 . aura it 's so long since I have be with you , barin -- I could not stand it . please do not be too angry at I for come . barin angry at you ? barin laugh . int . lodge ( aura , barin , flash ) flash be flatten against the wall , iwatching through louver of a door . SOUND of foot on ramp , snarling and roaring of captive TIGER man . barin come hasten into view on the balcony and embrace aura . aura and barin close barin you will stay the night ? aura I have dream of it ! his eye alight with anticipation , barin step back from her. as he men arrive with the netted TIGER man . barin get I a sword -- ( turn to aura ) this be the fiercest Tiger man we have ever hunt . I be go to kill he now -- and dedicate he blood to you , my beloved . aura ( delighted ) but that 's treason ! blood can be dedicated to ming alone ! barin I know you , aura -- the more a man risk , the great you passion . if I know a great risk , I would take it . aura smile , turn and call softly toward the interior . aura flash Gordon -- come out ! flash step out , halt about ten foot from barin . reaction from barin and he tree men . 43. flash I be from Earth , Prince barin . my friend and I be ming 's prisoner . she kindly bring I here to enlist you help . barin what in hell ? my help ? aura hide he from my father -- do not let he wander -- keep he for I ! cu - flash flash keep I for .....???? ( stunned ) oh , my god . I trust you . aura dart into shot , put she lip to he ear and whisper : aura you still must -- I be play a game ! cu barin barin what ? what be you say ? aura dart back into shot on he side now , whisper in same way : aura he 's a mere toy to I , my love -- when I be tired of it we will kill he ! back to scene as aura quickly step away , continue aloud : aura ( cont 'd ) it 's the risk I ask , barin hide he for I in arboria . barin I will hide he , all right -- under six foot of arborian dirt ! the sword barin order have be bring . he seize it . flash I be not you enemy , Prince barin . we share a hatred of ming 44 . aura be you so afraid of my earthling , barin ; wo not you even give he a chance ? barin hesitates , provoke by that , then shout : barin snake keeper ! Rouse you beast ! angle - snake keeper a halfwit tree man , drowsing against another part of the parapet , he jerk awake , shuffles across to a big wicker basket , pull off the lid . a hideous eel -like serpant rear it 's head , hissing and snapping venemously . the keeper stick he arm down . the snake coil around it . with a drool grin , the keeper withdraw it . cu flash watch with horrify revulsion . back to scene keeper carry the hiss snap snake toward a enormous stump of a tree trunk . he hold he arm out over it , whistle a curious note . the snake leap off the arm and vanish into the hollow out trunk . we notice now that there be six hole drill into the gnarled wood . barin ( cont 'd ) who dare the beast ? a battle - scar old tree man step forward . without a word , he go to the stump and plunge a hand into one of the hole . inside the stump big cu snake with a hiss , fang strike a wrist . int . lodge - feature old man ( aura , barin , flash , tree men ) with eye widen in horror , hs face start to turn blue . he pull out he hand and stagger backward . barin plunge he sword into the man 's breast and he topple over the parapet , dead . sword in hand , barin turn to flash . barin I do he a mercy . this venom bring death only after long torture madness . you turn , earthling . cu flash 45 . flash I think I will pass on this one . include barin barin there be six opening to the serpent . five be safe -- the sixth be death . choose one -- or take you end from my sword here and now . flash he swallow , look at the stump , at barin with he bloody sword , to the stump again , then at aura . he cross close and stare into she glitter eye . flash would you give Dale a message from I ? tell she I be sorry how thing have pan out -- I love she . aura I will do that . flash what the hell ? forget it . send that message by you be like send a lettuce - leaf by a rabbit . barin be sword touch flash be back . he walk to the stump . every eye be on he , every breath hold . with a sudden quick motion , flash plunge he hand into a hole . he leave it there a second , then whip it back out and wheel to barin . flash ( cont 'd ) whew ! -- you turn , Prince barin . shot -- around the group barin go still . this be not what he have plan . aura be tongue run over she tee . aura if you love for I be great enough , barin , surely it will protect you from the serpent -- no ? aura laugh softly . barin stride across , plunge he hand into another hole , rip it out again unscathed . he whirl to flash , point the sword at he . 46 . barin go again . flash thrust into a third hole , pull out again . turn . flash what be you wait for ? barin glare at he , take a breath , jam he hand into the fourth of the six hole . big cu barin his eye widen horribly , he make a choke sound . pull back fast as he whip he hand out , unbitten . his face twist into a grin . barin fool you , do not I ? aura laugh , turn she smile on flash . aura it 's a even chance now , flash Gordon -- that 's better than daddy would have give you -- flash Boy . you oughta be handle with a fork stick yourself . barin if I be you , I would choose the sword -- the point touch flash again . just two hole leave . he do a silently mouth eeny - meeny - miney - mo between they , plunge he hand into one . inside the stump the snake 's head move fast . back to scene quick cu - flash face wincing , contort . as flash whip he arm out again . amazingly , he have hold of the terrible serpent , grasp it just below the head . cry from the astound tree men , and then flash be leaping into action . 47 . whirl , flash swing the hiss snap writhe beast at the nearest treemen , scatter they , and thrust the serpent 's head at barin . barin slashes with he sword , miss . the serpent 's tail coil around the blade , rip it from barin be hand as the Prince of arboria dive backwards . flash whirl again , slam the serpent 's head into a post , and snatch the sword from the tail before it hit the floor . moving with flash he dash for the ramp to the ground .. the TIGER man be right in front of he , struggle in the net . flash pause , slashes at the cord . TIGER man be freed , bound to he foot with a roar , clobber a pair of tree men just jump on he and flash . snatch one 's crossbow and quiver of glass arrow , he race down the ramp behind flash . back to top level feature barin pick himself up , wheeling furiously on aura , who have be watch all this with she lip half parte , she tongue flick tooth in supersensuous excitement . barin ( cont 'd ) a mere toy of yours , eh ? aura ( taunting ) maybe I be wrong -- surely the Prince of arboria would not be beat by a toy . barin snatch a horn from he belt , blow a blast . barin the hunt 's on , my Tree Men ! tree men to the hunt with barin ! ext . forest - flash and TIGER man ( flash , TIGER man ) they run through the green tangle . flash trip over a vine . TIGER man pick he up . TIGER man thank you for freeing I . 48 . flash you can speak ? TIGER man for all the good it do I . sound echo : hunt horn , birdcall of tree men . they start run again . flash have we a chance , Tiger man ? TIGER man only if we climb -- out of the green light -- to the sky -- Prince barin 's Tree Men can not follow we up there ! flash what do you mean ? TIGER man ming 's Law -- outside he own kingdom , every hunter become the hunt ! ahead be a huge tree make for climb : branch stick out like the rung of some great green ladder . they leap onto the lowest . angle - the tree - flash and TIGER man climb . Jack and the beanstalk , up and up , panting , but there be never a top in sight . suddenly the branch end . flash damn . end of the line . TIGER man react to something off . touches flash be shoulder and point . there Pov - at end of last branch a crazy sort of elevator be go by . it 's a move . vine with leafy basket attach , a vertical conveyor from the ground to above . as flash and TIGER man watch , they see one basket move up with a armed tree man in it , scan the forest below . flash snatch the crossbow off TIGER man be back , cock it , notches it quickly with a glass arrow from the quiver . include the tree man 49 . hearing the click of the cock . he wheel , look up , sees flash . letting out a fierce birdcall . he jump up and swing he own crossbow just as flash shoot . swish - pffst as flash be arrow hit he . ice , he tumble out of the basket . flash and TIGER man run out along the branch , jump into the basket as it pass by . flash ( cont 'd ) how far will this take we ? TIGER man I do not know -- no man have ever be above the green . ext . another part of the tree ( barin , flash , tree man , TIGER man , tree man leader ) barin and a troop of tree men be poise in the branch , listen acutely . the one scout in front call back : tree man the sight -- call come from the leave ! tree ma.i . the sight - call carne from the leave : barin up and across we will cut they off ! he blows he horn again . the tree men start move quickly some climb , other swinging laterally on vine . in the basket flash and TIGER man rising look upward , as the light through the leave be change , become less intensely green . TIGER man what be that color above ? flash Blue . we call be blue . a dozen tree men come swinging into view on vine , land on a fat branch . the leader look right in this direction , point and give a chill birdcall . the tree men unsling they crossbow , reach for glass arrow . flash and TIGER man 50 . seeing cold death stare they in the face . flash reach for a arrow , notches it . tree man leader you have not a chance ! throw down you weapon ! flash make like to throw he crossbow away . at the last instant , h swing it around , aim and fire . tree men on branch be startle as the arrow whirr in and stick into the branch under they foot . the branch instantly turn to ice . barin - climbing from below hear a loud brittle cracking SOUND . he look up , gape , hold on tight to the tree trunk . a dozen shrieking tree men plummet down around he amidst chunks of ice , crash through the branch to doom . a look of fierce delight on he face , barin resume he climb . ext . treetop of arboria ( flash , TIGER man ) flash and TIGER man jump from they basket into a wide leaf , near a load platform where the elevator-vine go around a great iron wheel . the forest be open to the sky at this altitude , a sunny eden of huge exotic flower . enormous overlap leave form a floor flash and TIGER man can stand on . flash which way to the border : TIGER man legend say arboria end in a ocean to the west . flash quickly check he wristwatch and the angle of the shadow , start in the direction he estimate be west . treetop of arboria - other angle flash and TIGER man run over the leave , which be somewhat bouncy like a huge trampoline . it 's quite enjoyable . flash laugh aloud at the sensation , take a big jump off the edge of one leaf , bounce high from the next . amazingly , a fat tendril seize he in mid-air , coil around he waist . flash yell as he be lift further up . a enormous flower 51 . be right above he . the close petal open . the inside be viscous , hideous look . in the deep recess be a dark red blob which pulse like a huge heart , emit a be SOUND . with horror , flash realize the tendril be feed he into the flower 's maw . plash struggle vainly against the tendril 's strength . TIGER man dash to he rescue below , but another tendril knock he flat . int . flower ( barin , flash ) flash be convey into the flower . he punch wildly with he fist , kick , but petal be close inexorably around he . on they inner surface be deadly spiny spike . scatter around be the crush skeleton of luckless tree men who have be feed in here . swish - pffffst ! out of nowhere a glass arrow come fly past flash be ear , sink itself into the flower 's heart . the flower shriek . all around , flash , it be turn into crystalline ice . the tendril lose they grip , flash fall onto the leaf below beside the TIGER man . treetop - another angle as flash turn he head to see barin stand with he crossbow on a leaf some twenty foot away . barin I save you because you death must be mine . flash what 's the point of all this kill ? why do not we team up and overthrow ming ? barin notches another arrow , cock he bow , with slow pleasure raise it and aim at flash be heart . suddenly a shadow cover barin . he jerk he head up to see : a winged silhouette dive from the sun at he . it be a hawkman , magnificiently fierce . it seize barin in its talon and lift he into the AIR . other hawkmen hover , they wing beat the air . they dive on flash and TIGER man , lift they too . 52 . ext . sky - aura' spacecraft rise in a steep climb over arboria . int . cockpit - aura in the pilot 's seat gaze off at something through tricky little binocular . what she sees - distant hawkmen ascend with they three captive - int . cockpit - aura ( aura' voice ) put the binocular down , with one hand lower the thought transfer hood over she head , with the other wave the craft into a sharp turn away from the hawkmen . without she lip moving : aura' voice princess aura return to Mingo City the passage through the force - field open at she approach -- aura twist the tuning dial , then go on in a soft provocative tone : aura' voice ( cont 'd ) daddy darling -- be I with you ? be you get I ? ext . grassy area - harkove capsule sit some fanciful form of ground transport : perhaps a thing with bicycle wheel and sail . int . capsule - zarkov and dale ( dale , zarkov ) they be inside , she watch tensely as zarkqv throw switch and eye display . dale will it fly ? zarkov Basic circuit seem okay . dale it have - to fly ! we gotta rescue flash from that vampire before she -- sudden blinding blue light explode within the capsule . 53. zarkov jump !! ext . capsule - zarkov and dale - continuous ( dale , zarkov ) come diving out headlong into the grass . dale what happen ? zarkov Heaven know . I be just start to test the primary transformer - bank and ---- zarkov stop abruptly , look down at himself . dale gasp . dale my God -- you hand ! you hand be go ! it be true : zarkov have no hand . zarkov not go -- just invisible . see ? invisible hand pick up a pebble from the ground , hold it before dale be nose . magically , they toss the little object back and forth from one unseen hand to the other . dale touch one , can feel it . dale do it hurt ? zarkov not a bit . I believe mongo 's gravitational . field must have reverse the polarity of my generator so that -- he break off again . slowly , in front of we eye , zarkov be hand be fading in , again and become visible . dale whistle in amazement . zarkov ( cont 'd ) neat trick . I wonder if it 's controllable ? shadow over they suddenly . great whirring of wing . dale look up and scream . hawkmen 54 . swoop down on zarkov and dale , bear they aloft as they do with flash and TIGER man . int . ming dome room ( klytus , ming ) cu ming in he wonderous dome room , watch something . pull back . klytus be beside he as usual . angle to include the viewing screen which ming be watch . on it be a directional continuation of the scene we just see : a struggle dale be carrie dup into the open sky by hawkmen . klytus mongo be restless today . you vessel stray from they appoint kingdom .... ming that damned vultan -- time I clipped he wing once and for all . we could put that insolent hawkmen of he to work in the plasma cavern ---- klytus Dale arden and flash Gordon ? will I send out the Imperial fleet to bring they back ? ming we will let vultan tame she first -- I will look pretty to Dale arden after he . flash Gordon be nobody . klytus smile that sinister way . ming look at he questioningly . klytus sire , it be not for I to tell great , ming that he be make mistake . ext . sky - wide shot ( hawkman , TIGER man ) serried squadron of hawkmen escort the one bear flash , barin and TIGER man through space . closer - TIGER man struggle against the two hawkmen who have he , snarling and roaring . he butt one in the belly with he horn . hawkman want we to let you go , et ? 55 . TIGER man yes !! hawkman okay . TIGER man nooo !!! sky - wide panorama Light stream rough tremendous El greco cloud . hawkmen be tiny figure , rise against it . Higher , higher . above the cloud a blind dazzle come into frame . it resolve into a fantastic sky palace hang in mid-air , reflect sunlight from myriad turret and terrace . the hawkmen climb above it . closer hawkmen carry flash and barin and TIGER man , go into a scream dive . ext . sky palace - hawkmen Pov rushing at we with horrifying speed . zooming down we see a dark open . the wind howling around wing , we rush dizzingly into the aperture . ext . sky palace - vultan' eyrie - a high terrace ( dale ) vultan circle admiringly around dale . vultan be a lusty viking of the sky , winge like he man , one eye blind , he beard cloven by a old scar from forehead to jaw . gorgeous hawkgirls watch jealously as vultan inspect dale very closely , reach out a sly hand and touch she bosom . dale slap he hand away . dale watch out , you old bird -- ming want to marry I . vultan hoot at that as hawkgirls murmur . he 's about to touch she again when there be a clamor o.s. vultan react . ext . sky palace - another level ( barin , dale , flash , sarin , vultan , zarkov , zaakov ) hawkmen carry flash , TIGER man and barin swoop out from another hole like the one they dove into . the whole place be like a great hang birdhouse , hawkwomen and hawchildren move in and out and perching on the various exterior terrace . 56 . flash and TIGER man be drop on to a terrace , so hard it stun they . barin be lower more carefully on another terrace , this one grander , with a throne in the center . feature vultan Flying down from above , hover above barin with menace glee . vultan Ho ! -- barin ! - I know my hawkmen would catch you one of this day . sarin be careful how you address I , vultan . I be Prince barin , ruler of arboria . vultan not in my Kingdom -- here you be just a stray animal to be kill for we sport ! barin will you do that , vultan ? vultan what would you do if you would catch I in arboria ? barin yes -- I would hunt you down and kill you without mercy . flash on the other terrace lift he head groggily , react to something . angle to include zarkov , stumbling out from a open in he usual clothes . zarkov hello - we do meet in the strangest place . flash where 's Dale ? zaakov the boss -bird have she up in he 57 . sudden ear-pierce scream from above . dale be scream , flash bound to he foot . in the eyrie dale be surround by jealous hawkgirls who be push she toward the terrace edge . scream again , dale go over . space between two terrace / one terrace flash wheel toward the sound , dive to the parapet and catch dale as she plunge past . dale flash ! oh darling ! flash Dale baby ! he haul she in and they embrace in a steamy kiss . flutter of wing . hawkmen swoop at the terrace and lift up the cling couple . it barely interrupt they conversation : dale flash -- when I be in that tub -- flash yes -- it be I -- dale do you mean it ? flash every think , baby ! -- ext . vultan' terrace ( barin , dale , flash , hawkpeople , TIGER man , vultan ) as flash and dale be lower on it . vultan no . what have you to say to vultan , Prince of the Air ? flash we be all ming 's prisoner . I say let 's team up and smash he . TIGER man ( o.s. ) listen to he word ! -- another terrace - TIGER man on he foot on the other terrace , shouting across : 58 . TIGER man ( cont 'd ) I know -- I be only a ignorant Tiger man -- but I tell you flash Gordon be the leader we have wait for ! back to vultan' terrace where vultan gaze at TIGER man a beat , then turn mock eye on flash . vultan you be a leader , he ? flash well , back home it 's what I be pay for -- I call a pretty good game against the Dallas Cowboys once --- vultan ( to barin ) do you understand he ? barin not a word . ( like ice ) I be hunt he when you seize I . before you finish I . vultan I beg only that you let I finish he . flash oh god -- here we go again -- dale be everyone on mongo crazy ? have not you guy ever hear of teamwork ? flash ( to barin ) when I have that damn snake in my hand , I could have poke it in you face and kill you . barin I have you in bow -sight you be dead ! vultan enough ! ( shouting to all around ) this vagrant talk a brave fight , my hawkmen ! shall we test they word ? quick cut - hawkpeople 59 . cheering and shout eagerly from all around : hawkpeople test they ! -- let 's have sport ! the joust ! -- to the joust ! -- cu vultan vultan take they below -- put they together . int . sky palace - a ramp ( dale , flash , zarkov ) vultan lead the way down . flash , barin , dale , zaakov and TIGER man be escort by many fierce hawkmen . dale flash - do not do this . flash ( low , bitter ) I have get to . dale why ? zarkov he have no choice , Dale it 's the mongo way . dale I be so homesick -- what I would not give for a nice quiet night with some mugger in Central Park -- flash squeeze dale be hand . ahead appear a archway open to the sky . a great go be hear . another terrace angle - hawkman appear with a mallet , he beat again on a huge bronze go . ext . sky palace - wide shot startle sight : a big disc hang in the air between the curve prong of a lower terrace , the shaft that support it lose in cloud below . 60 . ext . a lower platform ( vultan ) flash and the other appear . they halt , look at the disc . vultan prepare they ! ont he disc - a hawkman be greasing the shiny surface with a mop , slip around a bit as he do so . another terrace shot - ash and barin get prepare . removing shirt be equip with heavy leather gauntlet , and so on . each be give a long vicious whip . the lower platform angle - a bridge - like plank extend itself , out over the edge of the shiny grease disc . flash and barin appear , ready for combat . hawkmen behind they , wthey start out over the bridge . vultan ( cont 'd ) Arm the disc ! cu - flash stop short , eye pop , as he sees : on the disc razor sharp knife be popping up from the top surface all over , maybe two foot apart . if a man lose he foot and fall he will surely be fatally impale . int . lower platform ( barin , dale , flash , ming be voice , vultan , zarkov ) feature flash and barin with whip in hand , they step from the bridge onto the disc . flash almost slip and fall immediately . quick cu - dale dale flash !! cu - flash 61 . get he balance again . barin move across amidst the knife , take a stance face flash , raise and coil back he whip . barin ready for I , earthling ? flash ( poised likewise ) I ask you to swear , barin -- if you defeat I , you will join vultan against ming ! if for no other reason , because you will never have aura as long as she father life !- barin what do you now of aura ? flash quite a lot ! zwippp ! barin be whip lash out savagely at flash . angle - flash and barin - spectator reaction suddenly the fight begin . flash and barin stalk around , slip on the grease , whamming at each other with they whip . the disc suddenly begin to tilt and sway , make this affair even more desperate . barin begin to get a edge . slash , cut , he drive flash back . cu dale dale flash , I love you ! win for I , flash !?? feature flash adrenaline course through he vein as he hear that over the uproar . he fly at barin , dodge the lash , grapples with he hand - to-hand . they wrestle they way tot he very rim of the sway tilting surface . it look bad again for flash , when with a superhuman effort he flip barin over he back ... over the edge ! in the same instant , flash dive onto he side amidst the deadly knife and grab at barin be wrist . 62 . flash catch he . barin hang suspend over the abyss of space hold only by flash be grip . vultan you have win , earthling ! Drop he to doom ! flash ( gasp at barin ) try to catch my wrist ! -- the other one . vultan what be this ?? zarkov call it what you want , vultan -- compassion -- mercy : let we teach you the meaning of this word . flash ( to barin ) swing you body -- see if you can get a leg up here ! suddenly a echoing voice boom from the sky : ming voice vultan ! hear ming , ruler of the Universe ! int . ming dome ( aura , ming , ming be voice , vultan , zarkov ) where ming watch the sky palace scene on a view screen , a weep aura beside he , as he go on : ming I see you , vultan -- and barin too ! you both have defy we by spare this earthling ! aura barin -- my only -- I swear I do not mean to get you into this ! feature vultan as the voice go on : ming voice do you want to live , vultan ? vultan what creature want to die ? 63. ming voice then kill flash Gordon now ! pick up Dale arden , deliver she to I on you own wing -- it 's you only chance ! my fleet be already in the air , ready to destroy you whole Kingdom if you disobey ! the echo roll and die . disc TIGER man suddenly leap out onto the disc , slide over between the knife , help flash pull barin up to safety . as before zarkov in he chain , walk over to the confuse vultan ... quietly : zarkov what will you have -- death or dishonor ? vultan look down at flash once more , then make up he mind . he shout to he people : vultan we will save this earthling ! - curse ming ! -- into the air , my hawkpeople - fly ! zarkov grin , extend a hand to vultan . he just look at it . vultan ( cont 'd ) I do not understand this . I think I have go mad . int . ming dome ( aura , ming ) ming snap off the view screen , look at aura aura spare he daddy -- oh please spare barin -- aura try to throw herself into he arm , but he push she roughly away . klytus materialise from a shadow , smile . ming you have always want she , klytus -- aura be yours . 64 . ext . sky palace - long shot it be be evacuate . squadron of hawakpeople stream out of its many opening , diminutive figure against the sky . another part of the sky several rocket-ships appear , wonderfully gaudy contraption with ming 's battle - flag fly . a ray shoot out from the nose of the biggest . ext . sky palace - long shot the ray zap it . the whole place explode . ext . squadron of hawkmen - in flight ( dale , flash , vultan , zarkov ) vultan and he captain lead . ranged around be barin , flash , dale , TIGER man and zarkov , each carry by a hawkman . distant explosion rumble like thunder . vultan do not look back , hawkman . head for that cloud-cover ! ( over he shoulder ) where 's this capsule of yours , exactly ? zarkov in the high grass east of Mingo . vultan pick it up , Captain ! the captain and a few hawkmen peel off . flash and dale gaze at each other lovingly , fly along about a hundred foot apart . he call for she : flash guess the first thing you and I be gonna do after we land ..! dale darling not in front of the hawkmen -- you will make I blush ! -- flash gonna do it first thing -- around here , never know if you will get another chance ! 65 . Dark shadow fall over dale . she look up . another angle in the sky a big rocket ship hover , door in its bottom side open . a flicker ray shoot down . back to the hawkmen and other in sky feature dale as a effulgent glow envelope she . inexorably , dale and she hawkmen be suck upward . dale help !! flash I be come , Dale ! ( to he hawkmen ) follow she -- climb ! vultan 's command of course take precedence . the hawkman bear flash follow he mate into a shriek vertical . dive . int . rocket ship ( dale , hedonia ) dale and she hawkman be suck up into a chamber . wait soldier seize the struggle hawkman , brutally smash he wing pitch he out the bottom as the door close . dale back off , drop into a karate stance , with a whining roar the craft accelerate throw dale off balance against a wall . hedonia enter through a door , she arm full seem to be yard and yard of filmy white material . hedonia smile nicely . hedonia time be short . ming send I to fit you with be . dale fit I with what ? hedonia you wedding dress . ext . arboria - vincinity of lodge tree men and lion men and TIGER man toil together in peaceful concernt , construct a crude wooden launch - gantry around harkove space capsule , which have be convey here . 66 . several hover hawkmen hold it in position with vine cable as the work be complete . capsule door be open . through it we see zarkov at work inside , feverishly re-wiring a control panel . ext . lodge balcony ( barin , flash , vultan , zarkov be voice ) up on Lodge balcony , flash , barin and vultan lean over a table on which map and drawing be laid out , a typical military staff meeting . with a bit of charcoal , barin sketches a semi-circular line over a map of ming be city . barin a force - field cover the whole city , from here to here . with luck , flash can lure they into lowering they defense . vultan what if he fail ? ( abruptly ) this be suicide , barin ! I can not order my man to suicide ! vultan ascend into the air . hover as he go on : vultan ( cont 'd ) the flight bring I back to my sense -- good luck and goodbye . barin ming destroy you kingdom ! vultan we will build another . barin vultan ! flash let he go -- I understand . ( up to vultan ) thanks anyway for get we this far ! vultan hesitates a moment , the soar away with determination . harkove voice flash ! ready for a test ! int . capsule ( flash , zarkov ) flash enter 67 . flash what 's the game - plan ? zarkov sit there . when I give you zero , punch that button . any question ? ext . capsule ( barin , flash voice , zarkov ) zarkov jump out , leave the door open . he crouch low . barin and vultan and everybody be watch . zarkov five , four , three , two , one -- zero ! Interior of the capsule be fill with blinding blue light for a instant . zarkov pop up , stick he head in . zarkov ( cont 'd ) flash ! ( no reply ) do you hear I , flash ? where be you ? cu zarkov as invisible hand turn around the helmet on he head . zarkov ( cont 'd ) Eureka ! I do it ! you can come out now , flash -- flash voice not unless you get out of my way , I can 't -- back to MAIN scene - ext . capsule zarkov move inside . barin look -- he still cast a shadow : it 's true . flash be totally invisible , but on the ground we see he shadow as he climb out and stand upright . suddenly there be rise whining humming SOUND that seem to fill the whole firmament . the earth tremble . lion men and tree men cower in terror . TIGER man roar . barin ( cont 'd ) Zarkov ! what have you do ? 68 . the SOUND grow louder , intolerable . Brown smoking foliage rain down . everyone look up . ext . forest of arboria ( klytus , voice , zarkov ) cut and angle - upward the topless forest of arboria be wither , fall apart . tree men cry with primal fear as the see the sky reveal . hover against the sun be the dark shape of ming rocket ship . pulsing ray emanate from projector on they bottom . a voice boom from heave : voice prisoner of ming , you be surround ! the creature who move be obliterate ! everyone stand freeze . part of forest - cutaway one lion man howl in terror , make a break for cover . a ray instantly zap down at he and he explode into fiery fragment . back to MAIN part of forest a small shuttle craft descend vertically to a soft landing . klytus get out . every sound cease . he nod at barin , at zarkov . look around . frown . he walk directly across flash shadow , to zarkov . klytus we will find vultan later . where 's flash Gordon ? zarkov his hawkman drop he . he 's dead . int . ming seraglio ( aura , dale ) cu dale dale nooo -- it 's not true ! wider angle 69 . aura ( gently ) it be -- they see he fall a mile into the glacier of frigia . dale shut she eye , sob out : dale oh flash -- no -- you can not be dead -- it do not make any sense -- aura when I think of be give to klytus , I wish it be myself who have fall . dale ( blaze at she ) I do not believe you . you -- you awful mongo person -- you be bear without a heart : aura then what be it that melt into my eye , Dale arden ? feel it break -- tear run down aura be cheek . she seize dale be hand , press it against she wonderful breast . dale be really move . dale you poor kid -- do not you have a mom to talk to ? aura ming tired of she . he blow my mother into outer space . I look into the night sky sometimes and wonder what star she 's orbit -- dale God , aura -- no wonder you have have problem -- that bastard : dale embrace aura . they cling to each other , bosom against bosom , in perfect womanly understanding . Golden chord be hear . Doors open . amazon enter . ext . arboria - harkove capsule capsule sit in its launch - gantry , amidst the ruin blight leave by the ray attack . there be not a soul in sight . then flash 's shadow move quickly over the ground toward the capsule and vanish into the hatch . the door shut itself . 70 . int . capsule Control lever move . a red button depress itself . through the side , which we should remember be transparent from within , we see the scene outside go into a GREEN - brown blur as the capsule start to spin for takeoff . int . ming bedchamber ( klytus , ming ) ming be be robe by two girl attendant . suddenly klytus be there in a shadow , smile . ming sense he , turn . ming well ? what be it this time ? klytus I can not remember . I feel danger -- but I can not see it . ming klytus , you be impossible . aura deserve you . klytus I foresee another thing . in one minute exactly , the earthling space capsule will be see on the scanner . klytus be swallow again in shadow . ext . harkove capsule - in flight sail over the ever freeze Moon of frigia int . ming dome ( captin , ming ) capsule be see on the view screen , grid-line dance over the image as frigoria be leave behind . watch be ming , klytus , the captain and several other soldier . captin shall I disintegrate it , you majesty ? ming no , Captain -- bring it in . land it to a warm reception . int . harkove capsule - in flight ( flash voice ) through the front we see ming CITY dead ahead and below . number flash on the navigation display , constantly change . 71 . invisible hand pick up a microphone , hold it before invisible lip . flash voice vultan ! do you read I ? ext . arboria - in a brown blasted tree ( flash voice , vultan ) vultan and some other hawkmen perch , listen to voice come from a radio in vultan be belt . flash voice flash Gordon call vultan ! over ! vultan do not stir a feather . after a moment : flash voice ( cont 'd ) okay , do not answer -- I be on hawkman frequency I know you be read I . now get this -- capsule and tree in arboria intercut flash voice ( cont 'd ) I be be guide through the force - field under they control . you be on the beam when you have get the top of two tower line up exactly -- the high gold one behind the green one with the blue flag get that ? ( silence ) okay , vultan , it 's you decision the ball be in you court -- I hope I will be see you , you crazy ole bird . the microphone hang itself up on the panel . vultan and he hawkmen just sit there , grim -face . vultan shake he head . vultan he call we crazy -- ext . palace battlement ( guard captain , klytus ) it 's a armed camp . soldier stand admit tank and ray-gun artillery , every weapon train on a landing pad in the middle . 72 . klytus wait with he captain watch the mirror-bright capsule come down . it land . captain give a signal . zap ! from a tank 's ray gun . the capsule 's door be knock with surgical precision off its hinge . flanke by soldier with ray-gun at the ready , the captain advance and look in . he turn and call back to klytus in surprise . guard captain it 's empty ! klytus what ? guard captain unman . must have take off on some automatic program . klytus frown . he do not notice the shadow that suddenly pass over he , move on quickly . klytus destroy it . flash shadow halt , shift shape as flash stop in dismay at that , turn . a ray gun - on a tank zap out a ray . harkove capsule - glow white , fall into thin ash . flash invisible let out a bitter sigh . then the shadow move again , fast , to a open doorway . int . palace hallway - a soldier ( flash ' S voice , soldier ) stands on guard . suddenly out of nowhere , but very close . flash ' S voice which way to the dungeon , soldier : soldier third elevator down , turn leave ! ( then do a take ) who be that ? 73. wham ! a leave to the gut double he over to take a invisible knockout right on the chin . int . under the palace ( flash voice ) two soldier stand with ray-gun before a heavy lock door . suddenly invisible flash step behind a flaring torch , casting a enormous shadow on the wall . he manipulate he cape arm so that the image become truly fearsome . flash voice I be the ghost of all the good man murder by ming ! prepare for doom ! the soldier faint . int . narrow passageway - under the palace four soldier march along , two by two , fill the narrow way . SOUND of running feet come towards they . they halt i n consternation . wham ! invisible flash crash into they , send they fly like bowl - pin . int . dungeon area ( guard ) four guard lounge . around . move to one of they , who sit study the picture in the Mingo version of playboy magazine . a shadow fall over the page . guard I be look at it now -- wait for you turn . a invisible uppercut knock he off he chair . angle - the fight as invisible flash go after the other three with a deadly chair that seem to swing itself through the air . int . dungeon ( flash voice ) zarkov , barin and TIGER man lie in chain , head cocked at sound of the facas outside . thud of a body fall , brief silence , then sound of a key in the lock . the door open itself . flash voice it 's I ! 74 . int . narrow vertical shaft ( barin , flash voice , zarkov ) the same one aura and flash fall down originally . now barin , zarkov , TIGER man and flash be inching they way up it like mountain climber do a rock chimney ; in . back-to-back pair , foot press out against the shaft wall . what make it look even stranger , half of the flash - barin twosome be invisible . low conversation as they pant and struggle up the shaft : zarkov how do we get down to the plasma level ? flash voice anti-gravity shaft -- I get a guard to show I -- barin this will not be easy , flash -- flash voice nothing 's easy on mongo -- int . plasma cavern ( controller , guard captain ) lizard men slave work like mad , shoveling radioactive fuel into the seethe mass . on the mezzanine controllers be at console . many guard stand around . everyone watch a big hang dial . its needle quiver with each flare - up from the inferno below , inch toward a red sector . guard captain faster ! -- more fueld ! controller what 's the hurry ? controller what 's the hurry ? guard captain he want to give Dale arden the final destruction of Earth as a wedding present . controllers twist the shock -knob . torture slave howl in agony . some drop and be throw into the fiery mass , other redouble they effort . 75 . on the mezzanine the needle quiver upwards . move off it to a slot- like window in back wall . there be eye behind the glass . int . crawlspace behind the mezzanine ( barin , flash voice , TIGER man , zarkov ) zarkov , barin and TIGER man crouch amidst whirring ventilator , watch through the window . barin how 's it look to yoU ? zarkov bad . plasma 's contracting into a critical mass . when that needle hit the red , Earth be finish . TIGER man grrao ! I will charge down at they : zarkov and barin just look at he . TIGER man slump out of he fight stance . low door at the back open itself and invisible flash come in . flash voice Cavern be seal tight -- every door lock from the inside -- cu zarkov hope drain from he expression . zarkov let 's face it , my friend -- without a miracle , we have lose . ext . sky - wide angle ( hawkman captain , vultan ) it be fill with hawkmen , fly toward we . vultan and he captain . fly in the lead , look ahead and down at the City of Mingo . hawkman captain all right -- I see the tower line up now as flash Gordon say -- vultan soar up and hover , shout to the rank behind : 76 . vultan through the force - field , my hawkmen ! the pass be narrow -- dive three - by - three ! any man who wish to turn back may do so ! the hawkmen keep fly right on , not one bird of they turn back . feature vultan musing to he captain : vultan ( cont 'd ) who be this earthling , that so many would die for ? hawkman captain they must have one hell of a little planet -- int . ming be dome - on viewing screen ( officer ) three hawkmen be see in steep descent . come , into focus over they . pull back . several officer and soldier be around a console , watch the screen and other display . officer in range . another officer touch a red fire - button . ext . palace battlement ranged here be device like multiple rocket - launcher , bristle with hundred of arrow . swoosh : one fire its load into the sky . ext . sky - hawkmen ( hawkman captain , vultan ) the three leading hawkmen be impale a dozen time each crumple and plummet down . vultan and captain - hovering hawkman captain it 's a trap ! the passage be cover ! 77 . vultan onward , hawkmen ! dive ! we outnumber they arrow -- overwhelm they ! ext . battlement / sky intercut - hawkmen and arrow projector as the brave hawkmen dive in a converge stream at the invisible open , and the projector FIRE again and again . great slaughter be wreak on the hawkmen , but they keep come . one group veer to the side away from the deadly fire , only to crash into the equally deadly force - field . they explode into flame . int . dome firing officer be almost break he thumb , he have it jamme down so hard on the red button . angle to the viewing screen . on it vultan lead a stream of descend hawkmen . ext . sky - hawkmen Circle and reform , some give mid-air aid to wounded mate , and on they come , onward ! int . dome ( officer ) officer man the battlement ! ext . palace battlement hawkmen descend as soldier rush out at they . the battle be epic , a crazy combination of sword and ray-gun and club and spear . vultan be a tower figure in the middle of it , deal havoc on all side . as he fight three soldier , another race at vultan be back with a deadly spear . suddenly he trip over nothing and crash headlong to be dispatch by another hawkman . vultan whirl and be amaze to have he freehand warmly clasped by a invisible one . 78 . int . a palace antechamber ( klytus , ming , officer ) ming and klytus , in ceremonial robe . as part of he costume ming wear a sword . ming you have the ring ? klytus in my pocket . door fly open , a officer dash in . officer you majesty , we be under attack by hawkmen ! ming so what be you do down here , coward ? why be not you in the fray ? officer sire , I think you would -- ming Mingo City be impregnable ! I be not about to put off wedding Dale arden for this ! ext . battlement ( flash voice , hawkman captain , vultan ) the battle continue . bloodies hawkman captain fight he way up beside vultan , who be engage in seize a dominant piece of ray- gun artillery . hawkman captain what 's for we after this lot ? vultan ming ! flash voice the cavern first ! gotta get Zarkov in there to -- suddenly music be hear from below . some great electronic organ boom out the strain of what be recognizably " here come the bride " .... the familiar thrill wedding - march . flash voice ( cont 'd ) on my god ! 79 . int . ming great hall - high wide angle a magnificent wedding be on . dale march slowly up the middle , on klytus be arm , help along by amazon who march at she back with spear . her long train pass between the amazon to be borne behind by lovely girl , as the party pass between rank of splendidly garbe mongon . a age high priest wait at the throne - altar with ming , whose eye lecherously devour he approach bride . close on dale her beauty only enhance by the teas roll soundlessly down she cheek . int . plasma cavern the molten mass be more intense than we have ever see it , scarcely bearable to the eye . int . crawlspace behind the mezzanine ( TIGER man , zarkov ) even in here there be a terrible glare from the slot - window , zarkov turn he face away suddenly , infinitely sad . zarkov I can not watch any more . to think of all we history end this way -- the incredible ascent from primordial slime to Albert Einstein and Dale arden and -- TIGER man ( at window ) look ! int . cavern - Pov shot vultan and three hawkmen be swoop down from some gallery above . vultan and two pounce on controllers , while the third hawkman fly down to open a door on the lower level . int . crawlspace zarkov and barin and TIGER man scramble for the low exit behind they . 80 . int . ming great hall ( dale , flash voice , high priest , ming ) Earth turn slowly in mid-air , its seas and continent veile by cloud of hideous smoke which seethe with flash of interior red lightning . then face come into focus below and behind it , and we realise we be in ming ' S great hall , where earth be a holographic image in a transparent box above the altar-throne . feature dale stand beside ming at the altar with klytus , look up despairingly at she beloved planet while the high priest intone : high priest do you take she , this earthling , Dale arden , to be you Empress of the hour ? do you solemnly promise to use she as you will -- not discard she until such time as you grow weary of she ? ming I do . high priest the wedding ring , please -- klytus produce a golden ring , hand it to ming . ming take dale' leave hand , force it up into position , hold the ring poise to slip it on . ming be face have never be more merciless . high priest ( cont 'd ) recite after I -- with this ring I thee wed -- flash voice with this ring , I thee wed ! a invisible hand snatch the ring from ming be grip like lightning and jame it onto dale be finger . dale flash !!! flash voice run !!! high angle 81 . pandemonium . dale run like hell , but be trip by she train and go down as ming leap up onto he throne platform . ming seal this hall ! Close every portal ! angle - a portal swing shut , barin squeezing in through it at the last instant , sword in hand . klytus rush at he with a sword of he own . ming look around wildly , whipping out the sword sheathed at he belt . its blade be like crystal fire . he react sharply , catch he breath . what ming sees - another sword ( flash voice , ming ) exactly like he , a blade of fire , apparently hang in the air and point right at he . ming where do you get that sword ? flash voice from the crystal block . ming impossible ! it could only be pull by my rightful heir ! flash voice how about that ? the sword slowly advance . feature ming his face contort , he fly at invisible flash behind the sword . flash parry the blow . astonish pyrotechnics as the blade hit each other . shriek mongon flee under shower of fire . int . plasma cavern ( zarkov ) hawkmen and lizard men slave engage ming people . aid by vultan and TIGER man , zarkov battle he way up to the mezzanine Control area . he shout down wildly : 82. zarkov attach the electrode to the shovel ! pitch they into the plasma ! int . great hall ( barin , dale , klytus ) ming and flash duel dazzlingly around the enormous throne . suddenly flash start to lose he invisibility . a pair of eye appear , the tip of a nose , part of limb . cu dale pin by amazon , reacting to that . dale flash -- look out -- you be come back ! he can see you now , flash ! flash and ming flash pause to look at himself , almost get he head lopped off by a fiery slash from ming , recover to bound up higher on the vast throne statue wheron they battle . pull up . in the f.g. the image of earth slowly turn and glow redder with the lightning inside the cloud . barin and klytus duel in another area of e Hall . a thrust by barin catch klytus on the forehead . klytus spring back , blood gush down over he eye . klytus I foresee at blow -- barin you be blind , klytus -- drop you sword ! klytus laugh , reach up and throw off he helmet , whirl in a lightning way to reveal another face shadow , hideous , mark with all the evil in the universe . it 's mouth emit a raging scream . barin lunge with horror , slashes with he sword point . 83. klytus' cheek be slashed but grotesquely do not bleed . barin and klytus fly at each other again , trade blow , then each catch a wrist of the other with he free hand . klytus laugh horribly . klytus you fight I in vain , barin I do not foresee my death at you hand -- klytus twist away , knock barin be sword out of he grasp , drive barin back against the wall . klytus lift he own sword , put it at barin be throat for the final thrust . klytus' face suddenly change horribly . pull back . aura be behind he , she hand on the hilt of barin be sword , which she have drive into klytus ' back . soundless , dead , klytus fall to the floor . aura and barin move together , embrace . barin touch she face . gently , aura stroke barin be cheek in hirst human-like , loving touch . flash and ming have duelle they way right up onto the shoulder of the great statue now , fight against a vast replica of ming be ear . int . plasma cavern ( zarkov ) needle tremble on the verge of red . angle down to zarkov at console , protect against the final guard ' onslaught by vultan and TIGER man as he work feverishly with a screwdriver on a wiring panel pull out from the innard he straighten up , take a deep breath . zarkov Cross you finger , boy ! zarkov hit a switch . int . great hall ( all the mongon , dale , dale' voice ) cu dale 84 . reacting to something , point upward : dale look -- Earth ! earth - the image in the AIR dale' voice oh it 's so beautiful ! feature ming as he swivel he head for a quick look . he freeze , give a cry of unmitigate rage . flash seize the instant , thrust he sword . the blade go into ming up to the hilt . flash pull it out . there be not a drop of blood . ming just stand there , smoking , in spectacular fashion into the atom of which he be constitute . ming be just gone . high shot - the great hall everyone look upwards at flash , stand with he sword atop the statue . there be a clatter as amazon cast away they spear . a cry go up as if from one throat ! all the mongon hail , flash Gordon ! ext . sky over mingo vista of stun beauty as hawkmen soar and loop in wondrous victory roll , leave behind rainbow contrail . ext . palace battlement ( dale , flash , zarkov ) it be a scene of peace now . hawkmen and soldier join in tend they wounded . formerly fierce amazon act as gentle nurse . move over this to find flash , dale and zarkov stand together , look up at the terrific sky - shadow , flash with a arm around dale be shoulder . he glance at she tenderly , be surprised to see tear on she cheek . flash what 's the matter , darling ? dale we save Earth but we lose the capsule -- we will never get home again . 85 . zarkov ( simply ) you be home . flash Zarkov be right . zarkov should not you fellow be leave on you honeymoon ? dale laugh , turn she face up to flash . he kiss she . as they head into the Palace , zarkov gaze upward again . ext . sky hawkmen swoop and soar , weaving rainbows , as end credit roll . the end editor be note : what you have just read be a reproduction of the " 1st draft " for the feature film " flash Gordon " . the original source material come from a badly deteriorate copy of the original script and in some instance dialogue which could not be read be guess upon by best case understanding . we have make every attempt to include the integrity of the original script , " as - be " , to include all original description , grammar and spelling . error as well . we hope you have enjoy this original look at " flash gordon " !