story by Paul haggis screenplay by Paul haggis Bobby moresco directed by Paul haggis draft with final revision 03/18/2004 Bob yari production , bull 's Eye production , blackfriar 's Bridge & the Harris company 3/18/04 1 . crash over black we hear the sound of a violent rear - end collision , brake lock , metal crunching , tire skid as a car spin , horn blaring , gravel spitting . then silence . we start to glimpse faint , unfocus image of flash light . superimpose : tomorrow . graham ( v.0o . ) it 's the sense of touch . ria ( v.0 . ) ..- what ? graham ( v.o. ) any real city , you walk , you be bump , brush past people . in LA , no one touch you .... fade up to find : int . graham & ria' sedan - close on graham -- night graham sit in the passenger seat of a sedan that lie skew on the gravel shoulder , red light play on the passenger side window . he 's black , thirty , stare off , either daze or grapple with a very deep think . graham ( continue ) we be always behind metal and glass . think we miss that touch so much , we crash into each other just to feel something . he look to the driver , ria , american - bear Hispanic , thirty , heart racing , breathe hard , but watch Graham with real concern . a motorcycle cop appear at she open window . motorcycle cop you two all right ? ria I think he mighta hit he head . graham you do not think that 's true ? motorcycle cop stay in you car . the officer move off . ( continued ) 3/18/04 2. continued : ria Graham , we be rear-end . we spun around twice . somewhere in there one of we lose we frame of reference . I be gonna go look for it . she climb out . Graham look off through he side window . the reflection from emergency light and flare play on he face ; too many light for a simple traffic accident . ext . fairfax ave . - continuous ria walk toward the volvo that just rear-end they . its driver , kim lee , a agitate Korean woman , scream at the motorcycle cop in Korean . Burning flare squeeze traffic down to one lane , a cop herd the car into line . motorcycle cop calm down , mar 'am ! kim lee I be calm ! motorcycle cop I need to see you registration and insurance . kim lee why ? not my fault ! her fault ! she do this ! ria ( approach ) I do this ? motorcycle cop ma'am , wait in you vehicle . kim lee stop in middle of street ! mexican ! no know how to drive ! she blake too fast ! ria I " blake " too fast ?? oh , sorry , you no see my " blake light ? " motorcycle cop ma-am -- ( continued ) 2 3/18/04 3 . continued : ria ( to Kim Lee ) I blake when I see long line car stop in front of I . you see over steering wheel , maybe you blake , too . motorcycle cop ( to ria ) ma'am -- kim lee crazy mexican ! I call immigration on you ! look you do my car ! ria ( to cop ) can you just write in you report how shocked I be to have be hit by a asian driver ? motorcycle cop ma'am -- ria ( flash badge ) it 's not ma'am , it 's detective . motorcycle cop oh , Christ . close on graham he pop the flash red light onto the dash and step out the car . crane shot Graham fold he collar against the cold and cross the dark street that cut through this patch of oil field in the center of inglewood . the argument rage in the background : kim lee no care you cop , wanna see insurance ! stupid wetback blake my car ! ( etc . ) Graham step toward a swarm of activity that have nothing to do with the collision that just occur -- three police car , a coroner 's vehicle and crime scene tape tell we ( continued ) 3/18/04 4 . continued : ( 2 ) something nasty happen down in the long grass of the irrigation ditch . he dip under the crime scene tape . angle on detective carr a bored - look man lighting a cigarette and stare at the ditch . Graham step up and watch with he . detective carr you okay ? graham freeze . detective carr Heard it might snow . graham get outta here . detective carr that 's what I hear . graham you get a smoke ? detective carr ( blow out smoke ) quit . graham I , too . carr hand Graham a cigarette . he can not help glance at ria 's escalate battle . he look to Graham , the question imply . Graham give he a shrug : " do not go there . " carr understand completely . graham ( cont 'd ) what have you get ? a tech pass , head into the crime scene . detective carr Dead kid . Graham notice something odd and walk down into the gully . detective carr ( cont 'd ) you touch anything and it 's yours . he kneel to inspect a piece of evidence hide in the tall weed . a feel start to creep over he . ( continued ) 3/18/04 5 . continued : ( 3 ) not a good feel . as he look up we fade to black . Super : today . fade up : int . r&j gun - close on a handgun -- day the handgun slide onto the counter . the hand belong to dirk , the impatient salesman . dirk ( 0.s. ) you get one free box of ammunition , what kind you want ? wide to see we be -- int . R & J gun -- day farhad , iranian , 5as , look at the handgun and turn to he daughter dorri , 25 , who wear a blue suit and a bad mood . farhad ( in farsi ) what do he say " ammunition " ? dorri ( in farsi ) he ask what kind of bullet you want . farhad ( in farsi ) the kind that fit in the gun ! dorri ( in farsi ) there 's more than one type . farhad ( in farsi ) how do I know ? I do not know anything about bullet . dorri ( in farsi ) which be a really good reason not to be buy a gun . ( continued ) 3/18/04 continued : farhad ( in farsi ) you do not use that tone of voice with I . dirk yo , Osama , plan the Jihad on you own time ; what do you want ? farhad ( in farsi ) what be he say about Jihad ? ( to dirk , in English : ) be you make insult at I ? dirk be I make insult at you ?? that 's the close you get to English ? farhad I be american citizen --! dirk ( here it come ) -- oh , God . farhad -- I have rights like you ! I have right to buy gun ! dirk pull the gun back to he side of the counter . dirk not from my store , you do not . dirk nod toward the Security Guard , who head this way . dorri see he come . dorri go wait in the car , dad . farhad ( to dirk ) you be ignorant man ! dirk yeah , I be ignorant ; you be liberate my country and I be fly 747 into you mud hut and incinerate you friend . get the fuck out of my store . ( continued ) 3/18/04 7. continued : ( 2 ) SEC . guard farhad ( take he arm ) you do not touch ! this man let 's go. cheat I ! dorri ( to farhad ) do you want to get arrest ? go wait in the car , dad ! farhad storm out , the security guard follow . dorri look the salesman dead in the eye : dorri ( cont 'd ) you can give I the gun or give I the money back , and I be really hope for the money . dirk look dorri up and down , give she a lecherous smile and slide the gun back across the counter . dirk and what kind of ammunition do you want ? dorri whatever fit . dirk oh , we get a lot of thing that fit . we get long colt , short colt , ball head , flat - nose , hollow point , wad cutter and a dozen more that all fit in the same size hole , just depend how big a " bang " you can handle . dorri ( point ) I will take the one in the red box . dirk ( look ; look back ) ...- do you know what that be ? dorri can I have they ? he take the box with a snort and place it on the counter with the gun . dorri snatch they up and exit . 3/18/04 8 . ext . westwood -- night a couple open the door and enter a moderately priced italian restaurant ; call the guy allan , call he date angry . allan no , please tell I : what " sin " do I commit this time ? and we lose they as ANTHONY fly out the door , peter just one step behind he . they be in they early twenty , young , hip , well - dress black man , friend since third grade . they button they jacket as they head down the sidewalk . ANTHONY you see any white people in there wait a hour and thirty two minute for a plate of spaghetti ? huh ? and how many cup of coffee do we get ? peter you do not drink coffee and I do not want any . ANTHONY that woman pour cup after cup to every white person around we . do she even ask you if you want any ? peter we do not get any coffee that you do not want and I do not order , and this be evidence of racial discrimination ? do you happen to notice we waitress be black ? ANTHONY and black woman do not think in stereotype ? when 's the last time you meet one who do not think she know everything about you lazy ass before you even open you mouth ? that waitress size we up in two second . we be black and " black people do not tip " so she be not gonna waste she time ; someone like that , nothing you can do to change they mind . ( continued ) 3/18/04 9 . continued : peter so how much you leave she ? the angry girl run past they . ANTHONY you expect I to pay for that kinda service ?? Peter laugh ; Anthony do not . allan run by chase he date . ANTHONY ( cont 'd ) allan ... what ? what ? hey , come on ! I be sorry . peter nothing , nothing . the camera whip around with allan . we lose he as he cut across the street , and find rick & jean cabot , white , early 40s , step out of the blockbuster and head for they car . Jean pull she jacket close as they walk . rick you be seriously jealous of Karen ?? jean hardly . I would just like to see you get through a meal without call she , or someone else at you office . rick ( be : cell phone ) see this ? off . no more call tonight . Jean notice Anthony and Peter and take Rick 's arm . jean ten buck say she call on the car phone . back with ANTHONY and peter ANTHONY you see what that woman just do ? peter she 's cold , man . ( continued ) 3/18/04 10 . 5 continued : ( 2 ) ANTHONY she get colder soon as she see we . peter -- here it come . ANTHONY look around ! you could not find a whiter , safer or better light part of this city . but this white woman see two black guy , who look like ucla student , strolling down the sidewalk and she reaction be blind fear . I mean , look at we ! be we dress like gangbanger ? do we look threaten ? no. fact , if anybody should be scared , it 's we : the only two black face surround by a sea of over - caffeinate white people , patrol by the trigger - happy lapd . so , why be not we scared ? peter because we have gun ? ANTHONY you could be right . both man reach into they clothing and come out with Saturday - night special . they rush toward Rick 's black Navigator . peter jean away from the car ! oh my God ! oh my God ! away from the car ! Rick ! ANTHONY rick gimme the key ! gimme do not shoot , just do not the key ! shut up and shoot . give I the key ! peter walk away ! walk away ! turn around and walk ! 6 int . black navigator Anthony hop into the driver 's seat , scream for Peter : ANTHONY get in ! get in ! ( continued ) 3/18/04 11 . continued : peter unlock the door ! Anthony do . Peter hop in as Anthony spark the ignition . to Peter 's surprise Anthony hop back out ... ext . westwood blvd . -- continuous ..-. and he aim he gun at Rick and Jean 's back . ANTHONY stop !! they freeze . Anthony run up , grab the dvd . int . black navigator -- continuous Anthony drop into the seat and toss the dvd at Peter . peter ( read label ) have not see it . Anthony shift into first and scream out of there . Peter dig into he pocket and pull out a plastic St. Christopher statuette . he lick the suction cup and stick it on the dashboard . ANTHONY no ! no ! take that voodoo - ass thing off there right now ! look at the mark it make ! peter you be call St. Christopher voodoo ? man 's the patron saint of traveler . ANTHONY God talk to you , do he ? what do he say ? " go forth my son and leave big , slobbery suction ring on every dashboard you find ?? " why the hell do you do that ? peter look at the way you drive , then ask I again ! 3/18/04 12 . ext . 2 nd STREET tunnel -- night a squad car wipe , revealing a sea of flash red light . a mercede sit in middle of it all , door open , body on the ground beside it . uniform cop stand around pretend they be actually do something . one of they lead we to : graham and ria who walk from they unmark sedan , accompany by a uniform cop , officer johnson . officer johnson Ford pickup and mercede drive North on Hill . the pickup cut in front . Driver of the mercede get piss , pull a gun -- he do not realize the guy in the pickup be a cop come off shift . graham that the cop ? he nod toward a tall man , long stringy hair , sip a coffee and lean against a squad car , chat with two uniform . officer johnson yeah . name be conklin . he 's a narc out of wilshire . you want to talk to he ? graham not yet . officer johnson mercede take a shot at he . detective conklin return fire , one shot . mercede hit the wall , driver open the door and fall out dead . ria I get the mercede . ria split off toward the mercede . graham ( have : conklin ) look pretty relaxed for have shot a man . ( continued ) 3/18/04 13 . continued : come up on conklin 's Ford pickup : officer johnson he say he keep try to drive away but the mercede keep pull up next to he , the gun . shot back Graham stoops to see a bullet graham anyone see who shot officer they just hear two scream , wave in self - defense . hole in the driver 's door . first ? johnson bang . graham find I a witness . Graham split off and arrive examine the body of the dead in he head . a pearl handle at the mercede , where ria black driver , a bullet wound revolver lie on the floor . graham ( cont 'd ) Nice gun . ria one bullet fire . the car be register to Cindy Bradley . that 's not he name . his name be William Lewis . ( hand he a wallet ) it be under the front seat . Graham open the wallet , revealing a detective 's badge . ria ( cont 'd ) ( look at dead cop 's business card ) Hollywood division . Graham let out a low whistle , then throw a look to conklin . graham look like detective conklin shot himself the wrong nigga . as Graham stand we cut to : 3/18/04 14 . 10 int . carney be - studio CITY -- night 10 ° crowd with patron who order hot drink . we slide past two Korean businessman . choi jin guih , late 40' , dress well , sit across the table from the young look park . Park rip a check out of he checkbook , hand it to choi . park how soon can I have they ? choi fold the check and stuff it in he wallet . chot tonight . I be pick they up right now . good do business with you . choi shake Park 's hand and head out the back door . ryan ( 0.s. ) I keep tell you he 's in pain . he can not sleep . choi pass officer ryan on the pay phone by the door . he 's white , in uniform , and angry . shaniqua ( 0.s. ) ( over phone ) and I tell you the clinic be only open after hour for emergency -- ryan -- this be a emergency -- 11 int . hmo administrative office -- night 11 shaniqua , a very tired black administrator be on the other end of the line . shaniqua -- Mr. Ryan , you father have be to the clinic three time in the last month . he 's be treat for a urinary tract infection that be by no mean a emergency . if you have any more question about you hmo plan , you can make a appointment to come in from ten to four , Monday through Friday . ( continued ) 3/18/04 11 continued : ryan what do my father do about sleep tonight ? shaniqua I do not know . I be not a doctor . 12 back to ryan at carney be : ryan I want to speak to you supervisor . shaniqua I be my supervisor . ryan what 's you name ? shaniqua shaniqua Johnson . ryan Big fuck surprise that be . Ryan hear the click and hang up , exit ... 13 ext . carney' -- night .- approach he partner tom hansen , who stir he ryan call any big company with a problem ; why be the person you have to deal with guarantee to be black and stupid ? why ? because corporation be smart . they actually seek out the stupidest fuck black people they can find . they want we to get so frustrated that we will go away and they will not have to spend they fuck money . ( walk off ) genius . hansen stir some more . as ryan exit to the parking lot a white panel van stop at the sidewalk , choi drive . 14 int . squad car -- moment later as Ryan and hansen climb in they hear : ( continued ) 15 . 11 12 13 coffee . 14 14 15 16 17 18 19 3/18/04 16 . continued : 14 dispatcher voice Black late model Navigator , California plate : 4pci315 . there Pov 15 a black Navigator pass , a 40ish black man at the wheel . dispatcher voice suspect be two black male , approximately 20 year of age , armed and dangerous . ryan 16 pull out to follow . hansen it 's not it . ( no response ) it 's not the vehicle . the plate do not match , the driver 's in he forty , and nobody jack a car and take it to Studio City . Ryan hit the flasher . there Pov - navigator on residential STREET ahead : 17 a woman pop up in the passenger seat . she may have be napping in the driver 's lap , or she may have be do something else . she throw a look back at the cop car . caught in the headlight she face look chalk white . ryan 18 see she face and bump the siren . ryan they be do something . ext . residential STREET - studio CITY -- night 19 the Navigator pull to a stop under a street lamp , the squad car pull up behind . Ryan step out . hansen clearly do not like this ; nonetheless , he step out and assume the backup position . Ryan approach the window , unsnapp he holster . ryan keep you hand in plain sight . ( more ) ( continued ) 19 3/18/04 17 . continued : 19 ryan ( cont 'd ) I need to see you license and registration . behind the wheel , cameron thayer , 40ish , black , tuck he shirt back into he tuxedo pants and dig out he wallet . cameron no problem . Ryan look to the passenger reapplying she lipstick : christine thayer , strikingly beautiful , light -skin black woman in a cocktail dress . she may have have a bit too much to drink . ryan even . christine ( suppress a smile ) how be you tonight , officer ? cameron I need to reach into the glove compartment to get the registration . ryan do it slowly , please . Ryan lay he hand on he Glock as cameron reach over to get he papers . Ryan 's flashlight beam glide from the glove compartment to christine 's breast , then up to she face . cameron here you go . he slowly hand the document to Ryan . ryan stay in the vehicle , please . he walk back to the squad car and hand the license and registration to hansen and return to the Navigator . ryan ( cont 'd ) step onto the sidewalk , please , sir . cameron I have not be drink . ( continued ) 19 3/18/04 18 . continued : ( 2 ) 19 ryan then we should not have a problem . christine he do not drink . he 's a Buddhist for Christ 's sake . cameron it 's okay , christine . back in the squad car - hansen run the license , keep he eye on cameron as he step around to the sidewalk . ryan ( to cameron ) stand on you right foot and touch you nose with the index finger of you leave hand . as cameron do ... christine step out of the car . christine I tell you he do not drink . ryan ma'am , I be only go to tell you one time to wait in the vehicle . christine " matam ? ? " cameron get in the car , christine . christine do not you " matam " I , I be not you fuck mammy . Ryan motion for he partner to join he as ... ryan both of you , turn around , hand on you head , interlock you finger . ( continued ) 3/18/04 19 . 19 continued : ( 3 ) 19 cameron Officer , we be a block from home -- ryan do not talk to I , put you hand on you head and interlock you finger . hansen cameron ( approach ) I be a television director , what have we get ? my wife and I just come back from a award dinner -- Ryan grab cameron 's wrist and slam he up against the truck ... ryan what do I just tell you ? ... and kick he foot out . cam put he hand on he head . christine get you hand off he ! ryan ( to hansen ) Pat he down . ( to christine ) put you hand on you head , mar 'am . hansen reluctantly pat cameron down . cameron do what he say . christine ( to cameron ) fuck you ! ( to Ryan ) and you keep you filthy fuckin ' hand off I ! Ryan take she wrist and twist she into the car face first , kick she foot out from under she . christine ( cont 'd ) ow ! you fuck pig ! cameron christine , stop talk . ( continued ) 19 3/18/04 continued : ( 4 ) ryan that 's quite a mouth you have . ( to cameron ) course , you know that . christine fuck you . that 's why you be do this , be not it ? you think you see a white woman blow a black man and that just drive you little cracker ass crazy ! cameron christine , shut you goddamn mouth ! ryan I would listen to you husband , ma'am . Ryan run he hand up the side of she torso ... ryan ( cont 'd ) do you have any gun or knife on you , anything I be go to get stick with ? christine I be wear a cocktail dress , what do you think ? ryan you would be surprised the place I have find weapon . he slide he hand over the side of she breast . pretend not to see , as he quickly frisk cameron . turn she head so she catch she husband 's eye . hansen clean . but Ryan be nowhere near finish . ryan ( to cameron ) so , what do you think we should do about this , Mr. thayer ? Ryan squat and run he hand down to she ankle ... ( continued ) 20 . hansen christine 19 19 3/18/04 21 . continued : ( 5 ) 19 ryan ( cont 'd ) my partner and I just witness you wife perform fellatio on you while you be operate a motor vehicle . now he hand start up the inside of she calve . ryan ( cont 'd ) that 's reckless endangerment ... hansen look away , know this be bullshit . ryan ( cont 'd ) ... which be a felony . then we could charge you wife here with lewd conduct and perform a sexual act in public . his hand reach up she thigh into she dress and linger there . christine look away from she husband , she rage replace by humiliation . ryan ( cont 'd ) now , you say you be a block from home . we can use we discretion , let you go with a warning . or we can cuff you and put you in the back of the car . Ryan remove he hand . ryan ( cont 'd ) what do you think we should do ? cameron we're ... sorry . we would appreciate it if you would ... just give we a warning . ryan ( to hansen ) man 's apologize , Tommy . I think we can let they go , do not you ? hansen yeah . Ryan look into christine 's face , dare she to say anything . she do not . ( continued ) 19 20 3/18/04 22 . continued : ( 6 ) 19 ryan Fine . you can go . cameron ... thank you . ryan no problem . ( walk away ) you folk drive safe now . christine climb into the passenger seat as cameron circle the vehicle . in the navigator cameron get in the driver 's seat , see christine be shaking . put he hand on hers . she pull it away . cameron start the car and drive off . hansen watch they go . a decision make , he drop into he seat and close the car door . int . corner market -- night 20 shereen , farhad 's wife , repeatedly slam the back door . unlike she daughter , she wear traditional dress . shereen it will not close . farhad stand with dorri as she load the gun from the ammo box . farhad pull it hard . she keep try as .... farhad ( cont 'd ) ( to dorri ) I can do that ! she snap the cylinder in place . dorri you could not even get it open . ( continued ) 20 21 22 3/18/04 23 . continued : 20 farhad ( in farsi ) you have no respect for you father anymore ? give I the gun . dorri there . now you can shoot anybody you want . she hand he the gun and ammo . he turn on he heel and exit . dorri follow he into the front of the store . farhad pop open a hide drawer under the cash register and place the gun and ammo in it . farhad that man could have kill you mother . you think I should let crazy people do what they want to we ? shereen come out from the back room . shereen farhad , it will not close . farhad disappear into the back room . shereen ( cont 'd ) ( to dorri ) you should be at work . dorri turn and exit . ext . dark STREET corner -- night 21 the steal black Navigator scream around the corner into a barren strip of Los angle , hip - hop blaring from its speaker . ANTHONY ( v.o. ) no , you want to listen to music of the oppressor , you go right ahead . in the navigator 22 peter how in the lunacy of you mind be hip -hop " music of the oppressor ? ? " ( continued ) 22 3/18/04 24 . continued : 22 ANTHONY listen to it ! nigga -this , nigga that ; you think white people walk around call each other honkie ?? " hey , honky , how 's business ? " " goin ! great , cracker , we be diversify . " Peter punch the radio , a country western singer wail . peter this better ? you like this ? man 's sing about lynchin ' a nigga . ANTHONY and you think there 's a difference ? peter ( sing ) " gonna buy I a rope , and lynch I a niggaaaaaaa ... " ANTHONY you get no idea where hip -hop come from , do you ? anthony' Pov -- the road ahead almost desert ; they fly past small factory and business close for the night . only one vehicle in sight , a panel van park way up ahead on this side of the street . ANTHONY ( 0.s. ) ( cont 'd ) peter ( 0.s. ) back in the sixty we ( wail and twanging ) have smart , articulate " I would shoot he dead first , black man . huey Newton , but I do break my Bobby seale , eldridge triggaaaaaaaaaa ...... cleaver , Fred hampton ; gonna get out my sheet , this brother be put my hood on my heaaaad ... speak out and people be listen . a Korean man step out from in front of the van , stop at the driver 's door , search he pocket . ( continued ) 22 23 24 25 3/18/04 25 . continued : ( 2 ) 22 back in the navigator ANTHONY peter the FBI say : " oh , we " gonna string he up good , can not have that . " and then he will be deaaaad . " " I know ! let 's give the nigger this music by a bunch of mumble idiot -- Anthony take he eye off the road . ANTHONY peter -- and they will all copy ( chorus : ) it and sooner or later " in the home of the brave no one will be able to and the land of the freeeee . understand a fuckin' gonna have black boy word they say ! end of swinging , from each old problem ! " oak treeeeee . " bam ! they hit something . both head snap front , see nothing . they spin around to look behind they : nothing there either . extremely close on the door of the panel van 23 a set of key sway back and forth in the lock . back in the speed navigator 24 Anthony look to Peter . ANTHONY what the fuck be that ? as Anthony stomp on the brake ... ext . empty STREET -- continuous 25 the Navigator skid to a stop and they hop out . Peter look under the fender and come fly back up . peter Holy shit , we run over a chinaman ! ANTHONY you be say there 's a chinaman under this truck ? ( continued ) 3/18/04 26 . 25 continued : 25 peter what do you not understand ? there 's a chinaman stick under the goddamn truck ! Anthony bend down , look right into the bleed face of the Korean man . Anthony pop up like he 's just be shot . ANTHONY where the hell do he come from ?! peter fuckin ' China ! what do you mean where would he come from ?! ANTHONY he be stand in the street ? peter no , I think he come with the truck , Anthony ! it 's a option now , for people who do not want to go through all the trouble of run over they own fuck buddhahead ! ANTHONY what the hell he do , leap out in front of the truck ? peter I do not know , maybe the FBI plant he under there to make car-jack black people look bad in the eye of the larger community . you get a theory about that , too ? ANTHONY this be so completely fuck . choi ( 0.s. ) help I . ANTHONY shut up ! I be try to think ! ( pace ) fuck-fuck -fuck ! okay , come on , get back in the truck . peter what ? you think we do not drag he far enough ?! ( continued ) 25 26 3/18/04 continued : 27 . ( 2 ) 25 ANTHONY we will drive away , he will let go . peter he 's not gonna let go ! he 's stick under the fuck truck ! if he coulda let go , he probably would have consider that option half a block back ! just grab he arm , we will pull he outta there . ANTHONY you grab he arm it 's gonna fall off ! you be gonna be stand in the street hold a chinaman 's arm . then what you gonna do ? peter we leave he there , the man die , and we be up on murder charge , Einstein . now grab he goddamn arm ! Anthony relent . they reach under and as choi scream ... int . cameron and christine's bedroom -- night 26 christine drop she purse and snatch up the phone . cameron who be you call ? christine I be gonna report they ass . son of bitch .. cameron and you actually think they be go to take you seriously ? christine ( slam phone down ) do you have any idea what that be like to have that pig 's hand all over I ? and you watch he do it and then you apologize to he ?? what the fuck be that about ? cameron what do you want I to do , get we both shot ? ( continued ) 26 3/18/04 continued : 28 . 26 christine -- they be gonna shoot we on ventura Blvd ?? cameron so , you would have be satisfied with just be arrest . christine you be right , cam , much better to let he shove he hand up my crotch than get you name in the paper . cameron yeah , that 's what I be worried about . christine it be not ? you be not afraid all you good friend at the studio be gonna read about you in the morning and realize you be actually black ? cameron you need to calm down here . christine no , what I need be a husband who will not just stand there while I be be molest ! cameron they be cop ! they have gun ! where do you think you be live , with mommy and daddy in greenwich ? christine -- go to hell . cameron maybe I shoulda let they lock you ass up . I guess sooner or later you should learn what it 's like to be black . christine fuck you , like you know . closest you ever come to be black be watch the cosby show . ( continued ) 3/18/04 29 . 26 continued : ( 2 ) 26 cameron at least I be not watch it with the rest of the equestrian team . christine you know , you be right , cam , I get a lot to learn . ' Cause I have not quite learn how to shuck and jive . let I hear it again : " thank you , Mr. poh-liceman . you sure be kind to we po ' black folk . you be sure to let I know next time you wanna finger - fuck my wife . " cameron you know what ? fuck you . christine oh that 's good . a little anger . a bit late , but nice to see . he slam out of the room . 27 int . rick & jean' home ( brentwood ) -- night 27 Jean 's foot descend the stair to the expansive kitchen , where daniel , the Hispanic locksmith , re-key the door . he 's twentyish , close - cropped hair , baggy pants , tattoo . jean how much longer be you go to be ? daniel this be the last door . jean thanks . she exit , walk through the butler 's pantry into the dining room , where several staff member work . she turn into the live room , where Rick and two aide work up strategy . karen ( 0.s. ) nothing from parker Center . jean ( interrupt ) I need to talk to you . ( continued ) 27 3/18/04 30 . continued : 27 she exit without wait for a response . Rick turn to karen , he top aide ( young , black , brilliant ) , who be on she Trio , laptop in front of she . rick just find flanagan . Karen dial as Rick exit to the ... the hall off the kitchen where Jean wait , arm cross so tightly they be squeezing all the air out of she lung . jean I want the lock change again in the morning . rick honey , why do not you go bed . do you check on James ? jean of course I check on James , I have check he every five minute since we have be home , do not patronize I ! I want the lock change again in the morning ! rick shhh , it 's okay . you just need to lie down . jean do not I just ask you not to treat I like a child ? maria sorry , Mrs. Jean ... it 's maria , they salvadoran housekeeper and babysitter , sweater and bag in she arm . rick yes , Maria ? Jean turn away , livid . maria be okay I leave now ? ( continued ) 3/18/04 31 . 27 continued : ( 2 ) 27 rick yeah , sure , thanks for stay . maria no problem . good-night , Mrs. Jean . jean good-night . Maria exit . Jean speak to Rick as if English be he second language : jean ( cont 'd ) I want the lock change again in the morning . rick Jean -- jean and you could mention that we would appreciate it if next time they do not send a gang member . rick ( lowering he voice ) ..- you be talk about that kid in there ? jean shave head , pants down around he ass , prison tattoo ? rick oh for Christ sake , that be not prison tattoo ! jean right , and he be not go to sell we key to one of he gang - banger friend the moment he 's out the door . rick Jean , it 's be a tough night . why do not you go upstairs and -- jean -- wait for they to break in ? ( now in a rage ) I just have a gun point in my face ! ( continued ) 27 28 3/18/04 32 . continued : ( 3 ) 27 rick ( sotto ) lower you voice ! jean -- and it 's my fault , because I know it be go to happen ! but if a white person see two black man walk toward they and turn and walk the other way , she 's a racist , right ? well , I get scared and I do not say anything and ten second later I have a gun in my face ! now I be tell you that you amigo in there be go to sell we house key to one of he homy ! and this time it would be really fuck nice if you act like you actually care !! Jean turn and storm into the kitchen . Rick stare at she as she make a show of wiping down the counter . jean throw a look over she shoulder toward the backdoor , see ... daniel pack up he tool , look right back at she . jean look away and busy herself with the dish . rick turn and walk back to the ... the live room 28 bruce , he second aide , work on a way to spin this . Karen snap she cell phone close and turn to Rick . karen flanagan do not think anyone have the story yet . rick flanagan 's a idiot . we be talk minute . ( continued ) 28 3/18/04 continued : 33 . 28 bruce I have call a friend at kcb -- rick -- Bruce , you can call God himself : I be the fuck District Attorney ! I get my car jack , it 's gonna make the news . Christ , why do they have to be black ?! no matter how we spin this I be gonna either lose the black vote or the fuck law and order vote . I get West side Jews up the ass ; be not there any hasidic kid go bad ? bruce do you have to say they be black ? rick you be right , Bruce , I should have tell my own cop that I could not quite make out the color of two man stand less than a foot from I . give yourself a raise . karen I think you be worry too much . you have a lot support in the black community . rick so do gil garcetti . remember he ? former da , tall guy , have that little run - in with oj ? karen they steal you car at gunpoint in the middle of westwood ! rick check the LA weekly tomorrow , I will be the one with the gun in my hand . tf we can not duck this thing we have to neutralize it . you know what I need ? I need a black man I can pin a medal on . I need a picture of I pin a medal on a fuck black man . what about that fire fighter who save that camper in -- ( continued ) 28 29 30 31 32 3/18/04 34 . continued : ( 2 ) 28 bruce he 's iraqi . rick he 's iraqi ? he look black . bruce iraqi . Saddam khahum . rick Saddam ? you want I to pin a medal on a iraqi name Saddam ?? be you out of you fuck mind ? and Rick blow out of the room , as Bruce wonder why he ever open he mouth . ext . rick & jean' home -- night 29 Daniel the locksmith drop he toolbox onto he seat , start he truck and drive off , pass ... maria who step out of she dead car and try to wave he down , but he do not see she . ext . daniel' bungalow -- night 30 it 's almost pitch black , until headlight appear on the street and sweep up the drive . the headlamp pull right up to the camera and burn out the screen . the lamp switch off , the filament glow dimly until the scene once again dissolves to black . int . daniel' bungalow - hall -- night 31 the hall lie dark until Daniel open the front door . he place he locksmith box onto the floor and slip out of he shoe . he notice light spilling out from under a door down the hall . int . he daughter's bedroom -- night 32 Daniel ease open the door , find the room light by the bedside lamp . the bed be stripped of its pillow and blanket , part of which stick out from under the box spring . ( continued ) 32 3/18/04 35 . continued : 32 under the bed Daniel lift the bedskirt . he kneel and lie on the floor . his six year - old daughter , lara , lie awake under the bed , blanket over she shoulder , pillow scrunch under she head . daniel how ya do ? lara okay . daniel ( beat ) you do not get scared or something , do you ? there 's no monster in the closet ? ' Cause I hate monster . lara there 's no such thing as monster . daniel that 's a good thing , then . lara I hear a bang . daniel like a truck bang ? lara like a gun . daniel huh . that 's funny . ' Cause we move outta that bad neighborhood , not too many gun ' round here . lara .... how far can bullet go ? daniel oh , pretty far . but they usually get stick in something and stop . lara ..- what if they do not ? daniel you think about that one that come through you window ? ( continued ) 3/18/04 36 . 32 continued : ( 2 ) 32 lara nod . daniel ( cont 'd ) yeah , we never do find it , do we ? lara shake she head . lara I think it do not see I , ' cause I be under the cover . daniel and you think it be that same bullet you hear tonight ? lara shrug , she think it be but do not want to say it . Daniel settles in , as if only now realize the enormity of this situation . he lie there think this problem through . daniel ( cont 'd ) huh . you think maybe we should move again ? lara I like it here . daniel yeah . I , too . but if that bullet find out where we live ... ( realize something ) hold on . lara what ? daniel I be so stupid . how could I forget this ? lara what ? daniel never mind , you be not gonna believe I . lara tell I . ( continued ) 32 3/18/04 continued : 37 . ( 3 ) 32 daniel okay . when I be five , this fairy come into my room one night . lara ( skeptical ) uh-huh . daniel see , I tell you would not believe I . okay , you go to sleep now . lara no , tell I . daniel -.-. okay , so this fairy come into my room . and I be like , " yeah , .right , you be a fairy . " anyway , we be talk , you know , and she 's fly around the room , knock my poster down and stuff . lara she be fly ? daniel yeah , she have this little stubby wing . but she coulda glue them on or something , right , I be not gonna believe she 's a fairy . so , she 's say , " I will prove it . " and she reach into she backpack and pull out this invisible cloak . and she tie it around my neck , and she tell I it 's impenetrable . you know what impenetrable mean ? ( lara shake she head ) it mean nothing bad can get through it . not bullet , nothing . and she say I should wear this cloak and nothing will ever hurt I . so , I do . and my whole life I never get shot , stab , nothing . I mean , how weird be that ? only she tell I I be suppose to give it to my daughter on she sixth birthday . and I forget . lara can I touch it ? ( continued ) 3/18/04 38 . continued : ( 4 ) 32 daniel sure , go ahead . she touch he arm . lara I can not feel it . daniel pretty cool , huh ? if you want , I can take it off and tie it around you shoulder , ' cause she show I how to do that . unless you think it 's stupid . lara ... do not you need it ? daniel not anymore . so , what do you think ? you want it ? lara wait , then nod slightly . Daniel reach in and pull she out . angle on lara' bed Daniel place she on the bed . daniel ( cont 'd ) okay . Daniel " unty " the invisible cloak and take it off . he wrap it around she shoulder . daniel ( cont 'd ) hold you chin up . she do . he tie it around she neck . daniel ( cont 'd ) that too tight ? she shake she head . daniel ( cont 'd ) you feel anything at all ? she shake she head . ( continued ) 3/18/04 39 . 32 continued : ( 5 ) 32 daniel ( cont 'd ) good . then it 's just right . he kiss she on the forehead . he pull out she pillow and place it on the bed . she lie down and he cover she . he turn off she light . lara do I take it off when I have a bath ? daniel no , you leave it on all the time . ' till you grow up and have a daughter , and she turn six . then you give it to she . okay ? lara okay . and he walk toward the door . lara stroke she shoulder , try to feel it , then close she eye . 33 int . daniel' bungalow - hall -- continuous 33 Daniel ease he daughter 's door close . his beeper go off . he silence it quickly , check the read - out , exhales . 34 ext . hospital - emergency entrance -- night 34 Anthony and Peter drop choi on the sidewalk beneath the emergency sign and run back to the Navigator . as they hop in : ANTHONY what year be that van he be drive ? peter you want to steal the man 's van ? you already take he wallet -- as they speed off : peter ( 0.s. ) ( cont 'd ) -- what do you wanna do next : find he house and shoot he dog ? they disappear around the corner .... 35 36 3/18/04 40 . int . corner market - storage area - night 35 there 's a shiny new lock . Daniel yank open the metal door , see that it 's bow , slam it close and turn the bolt ; it only move a quarter turn . int . front of corner market 36 Daniel step in from the storage room to find farhad lock the front door . daniel Excuse I ? farhad I want go home , how long ? daniel I replace the lock but you get a real problem with that door . farhad you fix the lock . daniel I replace the lock , but the door be bent , you gotta fix the door . farhad fix the lock ! daniel listen to I , you need a new door . farhad I need door ? how much ? daniel I do not know , you gotta call someone who sell door . farhad you try and cheat I , right ? you have friend who fix door ? daniel I do not have a friend who fix door . ( continued ) 36 37 3/18/04 41 . continued : 36 farhad you fix the fuck lock , you cheater ! Daniel pull out the bill -- print on blue paper . daniel listen , just pay for the lock , I will not charge you for my time . farhad you no fix but I pay ? you think I be stupid . you cheat , you fix the lock ! daniel I would really appreciate it if you would stop call I name . farhad you no fix the fuck lock ! daniel I replace the lock ! you gotta fix the door ! farhad Fucking cheat ! you fuck cheat ! daniel ( crumple the bill ) Fine . do not pay . have a good night . Daniel toss the bill in the waste basket and walk out through the back ... farhad you fix fuck lock ! you fix fuck lock ! int . chop shop -- night 37 a porsche scream into the garage , the garage door slam right behind it . as it disappear into the cavernous room , we see a couple dozen guy chopping up high - ticket car . the porsche park beside the Navigator , which sit with its cargo door open . lucien GREEN toss away a rag and step back to Peter and Anthony . ( continued ) 37 3/18/04 continued : 42 . 37 lucien no , I understand . you run over a chinaman , stuff he in the back and then bring the truck here so I can share in the experience . ANTHONY it 's a little bit of blood , it will wash right off . lucien ( call off ) georgie , burn this thing . lucien walk off as georgie , a mountain of a man , close the rear door . Anthony and Peter follow lucien . ANTHONY come on , man , it 's a brand new Navigator . all you need be a little piece of carpet . lucien you watch the Discovery Channel ? ANTHONY not a lot . peter that 's some good shit . lucien every night there 's a show with somebody shine a little blue light and find tiny specs of blood spatter on carpet and wall and ceiling fan , bathroom fixture , and special edition plastic Burger King drink cup . then the next thing they show be some stupid redneck in handcuffs , who look absolutely stunne that this be happen to he . sometimes , the redneck be actually watch the Discovery Channel when they break in to arrest he . and he still can not figure out how on earth they could have catch he . do I look like I wanna be on the Discovery Channel ? ( continued ) 3/18/04 43 . 37 continued : ( 2 ) 37 ANTHONY no . lucien then get the fuck out of my shop ! angle on the navigator georgie put the truck in reverse as Peter reach in to pluck St. Christopher off the dashboard . ANTHONY yeah , make sure you get that . because without he , thing coulda go wrong tonight . 38 int . graham' house - baldwin hill -- night 38 look in from the backyard we barely discern the two naked body lose in each other . we hear the passionate sound of sex and find Graham in bed , on top of ria , she leg wrap around he back . ria oh God ! oh God yes ! yes ! her finger dig into he back . he scream , she scream louder . that 's when the phone ring . graham Jesus ! it ring again . he reach for it . ria do not you dare ! graham it could be s.i.d . ria do not you --! he answer it , fake he best " just another day " voice . graham ( into phone ) -- Graham Waters . she push he off the bed . his naked body land on the floor . he hold onto the phone , then : ( continued ) 38 3/18/04 44 . continued : 38 graham ( cont 'd ) ( into phone ) I be sorry , this be Graham . hello ? nake and sweaty , ria grab the bottle of water on the nightstand , gulp it down . graham ( cont 'd ) ( into phone ) yeah .... no , ma . he 's not here . ria ( suddenly ashamed ) oh , God , it 's you mother ? graham ( into phone ) no , I can not go look for he . ma? because I can not . he will be home , leave it alone . ( finally ) ma ? I gotta go , I be have sex with a white woman . that get ria 's attention . she get up , search for she clothes . he watch she . graham ( cont 'd ) ( into phone ) ma , I will - call you tomorrow . bye . he hang up . graham ( cont 'd ) sorry . where be we ? ria ( pull on she pants ) I be white and you be about to jerk off in the shower . graham oh , come on . I woulda say mexican but it would not have piss she off as much . ria that 's funny , ' cause if my mother know I be sleep with a black man , she would never speak to I again . where 's my goddamn blouse ? ( continued ) 3/18/04 45 . 38 continued : ( 2 ) 38 graham you put it on I be just gonna have to rip it off . as she yank on she clothes .... ria you gotta keep everybody at a certain distance , do not you ? what happen , you start to feel something and panic ? graham ria -- ria because I be so look forward to hearing the " we can not mix career and personal life " speech . like it 's such a big mystery which one you would choose . you do not pick a pair of sock without think what they be go to do for you career . graham you be piss because I answer the phone . ria that 's just where I begin to get piss . I do not know how I could have have sex with a man who could talk to he mother like that . graham this be about my mother ?? what do you know about my mother ? ria I know if I be you father I would give you a beat . graham yeah , I be raise badly . take that clothes off and teach I a lesson . ria you want a lesson ? how about geography ? my father be from Puerto Rico , my mother be from El salvador ; neither one be Mexico . ( continued ) 38 39 3/18/04 46 . continued : ( 3 ) 38 graham so , then I guess the big mystery be : who gather that remarkably different culture together and teach they all how to park car on they lawn ? she give he a look that should cut through to the back of he head , then exit , slamm the door behind she . int . ryan's burbank duplex - hallway -- night 39 Ryan wake with a start , think he hear something . bleary - eye , in T-shirt and boxer , he step out of he bedroom and walk toward the sound of someone groan . he stop at the bathroom door , which sit slightly ajar . ryan how you do , pop ? pop ryan ( 0.s. ) if I could piss I would be do a lot better . ( keep himself from cry out ) Jesus . all right . I be do , give I a hand . Ryan push open the door . pop 's in he 70' , but frail and in pain , which make he seem more frail . Ryan hold out a hand . help pop up . pop ryan ( cont 'd ) wait a goddamn minute . ( reach for he pajamas ) okay . Ryan pull he father up . pop pull he pajamas up at the same time . ryan you be okay . you be okay . as they head out : pop ryan stop , stop . I gotta go back . they turn around . pop grab hold of the sink , pull down he pajamas and look to he son . ( continued ) 39 40 41 3/18/04 47 . continued : 39 pop ryan ( cont 'd ) you gonna stand there and stare at I ? Ryan move off as pop ease himself onto the seat , the pain obvious on he face . angle on ryan lean against the hallway wall , stare off at the window , the first ray of dawn break on he face . int . corner market -- early morning 40 darkness until the door open -- we be close on the lock , which have be pried out of the door . farhad step in cautiously , hope not to see what he know lie ahead . he walk through the storage room and into the store where he stop dead ; the place have be ransacke ; what have not be steal have be smashed , racial slur spray - paint on the wall . the front door lie open . shaniqua , the woman from the hmo , stand there , unsure what she just step into . she be not sure she should ask , but ... shaniqua do you have american Spirit light ? farhad go behind the counter . there 's almost nothing leave . he find one pack . farhad five seventy - five . shaniqua hand he six . farhad ( cont 'd ) I do not have change . shaniqua that 's okay . she turn and exit . int . rick & jean be home - kitchen -- morning 41 Maria enter through the french door carry a car seat and a cool , large mechanical monster toy . ( continued ) 41 42 3/18/04 48 . continued : 41 maria sorry to use you car , Mrs. Jean . I turn my key this morning , nothing . ( place toy on counter ) James want to take it to school , but I no want kid to fight over it . Jean open they custom - cabinet dishwasher and stare in . jean be this dish clean or dirty ? maria all clean . jean you know Maria , just once I would like to wake up and find the dish in the cupboard . Jean stride off past Maria , who immediately begin unload the dishwasher . as Jean climb the stair , Maria grab a handful of fork and reach for the cutlery drawer . int . police station - capt . dixon's office -- morning 42 lt . joe dixon , African - american , stuff some paperwork into a folder , open he desk drawer and place the folder inside . Officer hansen stand opposite , dress in he civilian clothes . hansen I do not want to cause any trouble , Lieutenant , I just want a new partner . dixon I understand ; you partner be a racist prick , but you do not want to stir up any bad feeling with he . dixon pull open another drawer , grab he wallet , search for he car key . hansen he 's be on the force a long time -- dixon seventeen year . ( continued ) 42 3/18/04 continued : 49 . 42 hansen -- and I still have to work here , sir . dixon so , you do not mind that there 's a racist prick on the force , you just do not want he in you car . hansen see he 's be box in . dixon find he key , slam the drawer shut . hansen if you need I to go on the record about this , sir , I will . dixon cross , put on he coat , button it . dixon that would be great , write a full report . because I be anxious to understand how such a obvious bigot could have go undetected in this department for seventeen year , eleven of which he be personally supervise by I . of course that do not speak highly of my managerial skill , but that 's not you concern . can not wait to read it . hansen get it loud and clear . dixon reach below he desk , grab a wrap X - mas gift , put it under he arm . hansen what if I tell you I want a new partner for personal reason ? dixon so , now you be say he 's not a racist , you just do not like he . hansen yes , sir . dixon that 's not a good enough reason . hansen then I should think of a better one and get back to you . ( continued ) 42 43 3/18/04 50 . continued : ( 2 ) 42 dixon you think I be ask you to make one up ? hansen no , sir . I just can not think of one right now . dixon exit . hansen follow . int . police station - corridor - continuous 43 hansen scurries to catch up . dixon you want to know what I hear ? I hear it be a case of uncontrollable flatulence . hansen you want I to say he have flatulence ? dixon not he ; you . you have uncontrollable flatulence and be too embarrassed to ride with anyone else , so be request a one man car . hansen I be not comfortable with that , Lieutenant . dixon I would not be either ; which be why I understand you need for privacy . just like you probably understand how hard a black man have to work to get to , say , where I be , in a racist fuck organization like the lapd , and how easily that can all be take away . but that say , it 's you decision : ( look he in the eye ) you can put you career and mine on the line in pursuit of a just cause , or you can admit to have a embarrassing problem of a personal nature . hansen stand speechless . 3/18/04 51 . 44 int . criminal court build - corridor -- morning 44 a ada hand a document to Rick as he and Karen step out of he office and head down the hall . they walk with purpose . rick he just shot the guy ? do they know each other , this some kind of grudge thing ? karen not as far as we can tell . rick you think it be racially motivate ? karen a dozen people hear the shot , no one see anything . rick who do we have on it ? karen Graham Waters . rick tell he he talk to no one but I ; I want a report by three - thirty , my office . and they be go . 45 int . columbia studio - stage 24 -- day 45 cameron cut ! print ! move on . cameron rise from he director 's chair . the crew broom the set as cameron and he first a.d. head off for the next set . first a.d . the office call , Fred be on he way down . he have some thought . cameron oh , Christ . ( continued ) 45 46 47 3/18/04 52 . continued : first a.d. ( call out ) okay people , move to scene forty - six ! ext . anthony' apartment build -- morning Anthony and Peter turn onto the sidewalk , head toward Anthony 's old Toyota . they pass a skinny black kid they age . peter ( to kid ) how 's it go , Mo phat ? they bump fist and keep walk . ANTHONY man rob purse from old lady and you be all " how 's it go , Mo phat . " nigga would steal tooth from a cripple . peter you call he a thief ? and we do what ? they climb in . ANTHONY man steal from black people . only reason black people steal from they own : ( try ignition ) " Cause they be terrify of white people . burbank , Santa monica , sherman oak : this be scary - ass place for a brother to find himself . ( try again ) Drop " Mo phat " off at a Starbucks in toluca Lake , brother would run like a rvabbit -- ( try again ) -- soon as somebody say decaf latte - - what the fuck do you do to my car ? ext . busy STREET -- moment later Peter and Anthony turn the corner and head down the sidewalk . peter no , no , no . I be start to understand . ( more ) ( continued ) 45 46 47 3/18/04 53 . 47 continued : 47 peter ( cont 'd ) by you work you be set a example to the neighborhood ; sorta like a big brother kinda thing . Peter look over he shoulder , see a bus come , wave it down . ANTHONY laugh . you ever see I steal from a black person ? what in the hell do you think you be do ? peter waving down the bus . ANTHONY put you hand down ! be you out of you mind ? you actually expect I to get on a bus ? peter no , I be really hope we could push you car into town , because we never do that anymore . ANTHONY you have no idea , do you ? you have absolutely no idea why they put that great big window on the side of bus ? one reason only : to humiliate the people of color who be reduce to riding on it . peter I do not know that . ANTHONY what you do not know could fill the staples Center . peter king be play tonight . ANTHONY you do not like hockey !! the only reason you say you do be to wind I up !! peter Love hockey . ( continued ) 47 48 3/18/04 54 . continued : ( 2 ) 47 cameron ( v.0o . ) cut! print ! int . stage 24 -- morning 48 cameron move on ! Real nice work , jamal . good work , Eddie . the crew start to break the camera and light down . first a.d. okay , we be in scene twelve . fred , the executive producer flirt with the script girl , realize that they be move on and call out : fred hold on -hold on ! cam , you get a second ? cameron yeah , Fred ? the ad share a " here it come " look with the camera operator . fred I think we need another take , buddy . cameron ( restrain himself ) I do not know , Fred , that last one be pretty terrific . fred this be gonna sound strange , but ... be jamal see a speech coach or something ? cameron what do you mean ? fred have you notice -- this be weird for a white guy to say -- but have you notice that he 's talk a lot less black lately ? cameron I be afraid I have not notice . ( continued ) 48 49 3/18/04 55 . continued : 48 fred really ? this last scene , he be suppose to say , " do not be talkin ' " bout that . " and he change it to " do not talk to I about that . " cameron and you think , because of that , people will not recognize he to be a black man ? fred ...- be there a problem here , cam ? cameron no problem . fred because all I be say be it 's not he character . I mean , Eddie be suppose to be the smart one . not jamal , right ? I mean , you be the expert here , but to I it ring false . cameron ( decide to eat it ) okay , fred. ( call to crew ) one more , please ! first a.d. everybody back , one more please ! fred thanks , buddy . cameron head back to he director 's chair , feel the eye of the crew as they reassemble the camera and redress the set . Fred settles into the chair just behind he . int . hmo administrative office -- morning 49 shaniqua Johnson enter , wear a overcoat , carry a briefcase and finish a Starbucks latte . carol , she assistant , sit behind she desk . shaniqua ( check ) Morning . ( continued ) 49 50 3/18/04 56 . continued : 49 shaniqua clothes , shaniqua int . hmo shaniqua cubicle . carol you have a walk - in ; a Mr. Ryan . turn to see Officer Ryan , dress in he civilian who sit wait . shaniqua send he in . exit to ... administrative office - cubicle -- morning 50 open the file , look up to see Ryan step into she she stand and hold out she hand . shaniqua Mr. Ryan my name be shaniqua Johnson . I believe we speak last night . ryan yeah , I want to apologize for that crack . I have not be sleep a lot . my father be in a lot of pain . shaniqua ( like a stone ) I be sorry to hear that . ryan this doctor he 's be go to tell he he have this urinary tract infection , and he 's be take this medicine for a month now , and he 's just get worse . shaniqua ( read file ) and he 's be back to see Dr. Robinson ? ryan yeah , and between I and you the man be a idiot . shaniqua really ? ( continued ) 50 3/18/04 continued : 57 . 50 ryan no offense , but the guy see a hundred patient a hour . I think he nurse do most of the work . shaniqua if you be unhappy , you father be welcome to see a doctor outside the network . ryan and if this new doctor say it be not a infection , say it 's he prostate and it need to be operate on , be that cover ? shaniqua no. not unless Dr. Robinson -- ryan so , what good would that do ? shantqua ( with finality ) I be sorry but there be nothing else I can do . ryan ( beat ) do you know what I can not do ? I can not look at you without think of the five or six better qualified white man who do not get you job . shaniqua time for you to be go . ryan I be say this because I be really hope I be wrong about you . I be hope that someone like yourself , who may have be give a help hand , might have a little compassion for someone in a similar situation . shaniqua pick up she phone and speak into the intercom : shaniqua Carol , I need security in my office . ( continued ) 50 3/18/04 continued : the burly 58 . ( 2 ) 50 ryan you do not like I ? Fine , I 'ma prick . but my father do not deserve to suffer like this . he be a janitor , struggle he whole life , save enough to start he own company . twenty - three employee , all black . paid they equal wage , when no one else be do that . forty year he work side by side with that man , sweeping , carry garbage . security guard appear at she door . she motion for he not to interrupt . silence . ryan ( cont 'd ) then the city council decide to give minority - own company preference in city contract . and overnight , my father lose everything . his business , he home , he wife , everything ; and not once do he blame you people . ( beat ) I be not ask you to help I . I be ask that you do this small thing for a man who lose everything so that people like you could reap the benefit . and do you know what it 's gonna cost you ? nothing . dust the flick of you pen . shaniqua you be father sound like a good man . and if he would come in here today I probably would have approve this request . but he do not come in , you do . and for he sake , that 's a real shame . ( to security guard ) get he out of here . Ryan stride out of the room , past the line of cubicle , the guard foll owe . Ryan 's face harden with anger as he bang through the double glass door . 3/18/04 59 . 51 int lock & key company - dispatch office -- day 51 a delivery man enter , bring we to the office manager , a less than sympathetic woman . office manager ( into phone ) Sir , I speak to we employee . he tell you that you need to replace or repair the door . 52 int . corner market -- at that moment 52 dorri step through the door , dress for work , unprepare for the extent of the damage . farhad ( 0.s. ) he say he fix lock ! you come here , see how fix it be !... dorri drift in , mouth agape , pass she father at the counter yell into the phone . see she mother wash the wall , try to remove the spray-paint ethnic slur . '' fuck the towelhead . " " 9 - 11 ! 9 - 11 ! " " arab scum . " farhad ( 0.s. ) ( cont 'd ) I be not yell , I be angry ! ( call out ) shereen ! stop wash ! insurance need to take picture ! shereen turn , see she daughter . they embrace . dorri be you all right ? shereen I be okay , we be okay . ( turn back / in farsi ) you see what they write ? they think we be Arabs . when do Persians become Arabs ? shereen go back to scrubbing . dorri what can I do ? shereen go to work . do you want to be fire , too ? ( continued ) 3/18/04 60 . 52 continued : 52 dorri I call , I switch shift . ( realize ) oh my God . dorri dart to the counter . farhad I want he name ; give I name . dorri dad -- office manager ( phone filter ) Sir , I can not give you he name . farhad bastard no fix my lock ! give I name ! dorri office manager ( v.o . ) dad ! I be hang up now , sir . farhad no hang up ! no hang up on -- ( click ) son-of-a-bitch ! he slam down the phone . dorri dad ! farhad what ?! dorri do they take the gun ? farhad snap open the hide compartment as dorri move behind the counter . close on the secret compartment the gun 's still there . dorri ( cont 'd ) thank god. 53 54 3/18/04 61 . int . louise's apartment - compton -- day 53 Graham sweep a bent rusty spoon and other drug paraphernalia off the kitchen counter into a drawer and close it . the apartment door lie open behind he . without remove he coat , Graham step deeper into the apartment . he see louise sit on the balcony , a woman in she fifty , on the nod . he step out onto the balcony and squat beside she . graham ma ?... it 's cold . her eye flutter open but do not find he before they close again . Graham pick she up in he arm , carry she into .... louise's live room 54 and lay she on the sofa and pull a blanket over she . she open she eye . louise do you find you brother ? graham no , ma. louise I be do good , baby . I be do real good . graham I know , ma. louise ( forget she ask ) do you find you brother ? graham not yet , ma. louise tell he to come home . tell he I be not mad , okay ? graham okay . and she close she eye again . Graham kiss she forehead . he look to a photo on the bureau . it 's a birthday party for Graham , age sixteen . Louise hold Graham 's infant brother in she arm . she look young and healthy . better time . 55 56 57 58 3/18/04 62 . angle on louise's refrigerator 55 Graham open it , check out the meager content , open the carton of milk and smell it : rancid . he drop it in the trash . int . ria' sedan -- moment later 56 Graham approach . ria pop open the door lock and Graham jump in . ria you apologize to you mother ? graham could not . she be not there . ria Internal affair call . they find something in the mercede . Graham give she a look as a suv wipe frame ... int . stage 24 -- day 57 the grip fly a wall revealing ... first a.d . that 's lunch , one hour ! we be back at three o'clock . the crew break . cameron head for the stage door . the grip push it open and he see christine stand outside , wait for he . ext . studio lot -- day 58 she meet he and they walk together . christine I try to call , it sound like you be have a hard day . cameron yeah . christine I get scared , cam . I mean , it 's not like I have not be pull over before . but not like that . ( more ) ( continued ) 58 59 3/18/04 63 . continued : 58 christine ( cont 'd ) and I be a little drunk and I should not have be mouth off , it be stupid . but when that man put he hand on I ... I just could not believe you would let he do that . I know what you do be the right thing , I know that , but ... I be humiliate ... for you . I could not watch . I could not stand to see that man take away you dignity . cameron ( coldly ) yeah . that 's what happen . christine do not do this . cameron you be right . leave it at that . I have get to go . and he walk away . christine do not walk away from I . you bastard , I apologize ! do not you walk away from I !... cam !! he keep go , she fight back tear and rage . turn on she heel and ... int . corner market -- day 59 farhad collect break glass in the trash can . dorri wait for ken ho , the Korean insurance adjuster , to get off he cell phone . ken ho yeah , I understand . thanks . ( hang up / to dorri ) have you father read he policy ? farhad put down the can , approach with a look to dorri . dorri he do not read English . ( continued ) 59 60 3/18/04 continued : farhad ( in farsi ) what be he say ? ken ho Mr. golzari , you tell I you call the locksmith . farhad yes , I tell he fix ! ken ho but they say they man tell you ( dorri translate ) -- that you need to replace the door , and you do not do so . dorri so you be say it 's he fault ? ken ho the insurance company be call it negligence . ( dorri translate ) they be not cover any of this . 64 . 59 farhad look at dorri , turn away , pick up the waste- paper basket full of glass and exit into the storage room . ken ho ( cont 'd ) I really be sorry . he turn and exit , leave dorri reeling . int . storage room -- continuous dorri find she father pick up trash merchandise . try to comfort he . dorri it will be okay , dad , we will figure it out . farhad go to work . dorri dad ... ( continued ) 60 she 60 61 3/18/04 65 . continued : 60 farhad ( in farsi ) you want to lose you job , too ? go to work . dorri kiss she father 's head and reluctantly leave . farhad keep clean , try to lose himself in the work . ext . police station - parking lot - the valley -- afternoon 61 the back door open ; officer come out in pair and head to they assign squad car . hansen walk alone toward he . he see Ryan lean up against it , wait . hansen be confuse and apprehensive . Ryan nod to he as he approach . ryan hey . hansen hey. ( a awkward beat ) maybe they do not tell you ? I have be reassign . ryan yeah , they tell I . I just want to say good luck and good riding with you . Ryan offer he hand . hansen take it , shake . Ryan do not let go . ryan ( cont 'd ) wait ' till you have be on the job a few more year . hansen yeah . ryan look at I . wait ' till you have be do it a few more year . you think you know who you be ? you have no idea . Ryan release he hand , pat he on the shoulder and walk off toward he new partner , gomez , who wait by he car . ryan ( cont 'd ) yo , carlos . we roll ? ( continued ) 61 62 63 64 3/18/04 66 . continued : 61 officer gomez I be . they get in the car and pull out . hansen get in , start the engine and key the radio . hansen 21l23 clear . officer # 1 ( v.o. ) 21l23 , I be ha -- ( fart sound ) -- trouble with the radio . ( fart sound ) -- sort of strange interfer -- ( fart sound ) officer # 2 ( v.o. ) likewise , 21l -- ( fart sound ) -- do you -- ( fart ) -- you mike open , ( fart ) -- any chance ? hansen clenches he jaw and drive out . int . police impound garage - NORTH hollywood - afternoon 62 a squad car pass to reveal a detective from Internal affair pop the trunk of the mercede . ria and Graham step up . he throw back the floormat to reveal the wheel well -- in place of the spare tire lie stack of bill , bound by rubber band . lot of stack . he slam the trunk . ext . rear of corner market -- day 63 the dumpster lid bang close . farhad turn and walk back toward he store . and then he just stop ; a man destroy . after what seem like a eternity he look down at the waste paper basket dangle from he hand ... and he remember . he look back over he shoulder and then charge the dumpster , pull out trash until he find a crumpled blue paper . ext . valley STREET ( crash site ) - studio CITY -- day 64 Ryan and Gomez step out of they squad car to find out why traffic ahead be at a standstill . ( continued ) 64 65 3/18/04 67 . continued : 64 there Pov over the top of the car they see a hummer with a mangle fender and a piece of shit dodge with its engine on fire , driver and passenger door open . a white Jeep sit wheel up in the middle of the road . back to scene ryan call it in ! Ryan take off at a run toward the Jeep . he cover the distance in a few second . ext . crash site -- continuous 65 a couple of motorist stand near the invert Jeep , unsure what to do . the roof on the driver 's side have be crush ; the car lie tilt forward with its hood on the ground and trunk in the air . gasoline stream down from the rupture tank . ryan get that engine fire out ! Ryan get to the car and drop to the pavement on the passenger side of the car . the window open . he see the driver , scrunch upside down , still belt into she seat . ryan ( cont 'd ) ma'am ? ma 'am can you hear I ? no response . Ryan put he head through the window . see the gasoline drip down into the car . hear the soft voice of a woman cry . ryan ( cont 'd ) ma'am ? we be gonna get you out of there . Gomez run up , look in . officer gomez paramedics be roll , they will be here in two minute . ( see gas ) Jesus . ( continued ) 65 66 3/18/04 68 . continued : 65 ryan get a extinguisher , get that fire out . Gomez run back to the patrol car . ryan ( cont 'd ) ma'am , be you hurt ? can you move ? ma'am ? just quiet painful sob . Ryan look at : the pooling gas ( through the cracked windshield ) run out under the Jeep , in the direction of the car fire . ryan realize she may not have two minute , make he decision . ryan ( cont 'd ) it 's okay . I be gonna get you out . he snake he torso into the passenger seat , leave he foot dangle out the window . int . upside down jeep -- continuous 66 Ryan feel around for the seat buckle . ryan it 's okay . it 's okay . drifting out of shock , the woman turn to see Ryan 's face right in front of hers and scream . it 's christine . christine no ! stay away from I ! get away from I ! she flail at he . ryan Lady , I be not gonna hurt you . christine ( still swinging ) do not touch I ! do not touch I ! get away from I ! ( continued ) 66 3/18/04 69 . continued : 66 ryan lady ! I be try to help you ! anger be take over from shock : christine fuck you ! not you ! not you ! somebody else ! not you !! Ryan ignore she , reach across she lap to find where the belt be snag . she flail at he again , strike he back . christine ( cont 'd ) no ! keep you filthy fuck hand off I ! ryan stop move ! I have almost get it ! christine nooo ! Ryan scream in she face : ryan Lady , I be not go to fuck hurt you ! ! and she start to sob uncontrollably . Ryan throw a look to the window : gas flow away from the car . look back to she . christine please . please . do not touch I . and Ryan look into she face and see she pain and humiliation , and know he be the cause of it . finally : ryan ( quietly , kindly : ) ma'am ? ma'am , there 's no one else here yet , and that 's gasoline there , so we have to get you out right away . she look , notice the drip gasoline for the first time . ryan ( cont 'd ) you seat belt be catch on something , it 's jam the buckle . can you feel where it 's catch ? ( continued ) 66 3/18/04 70 . continued : ( 2 ) 66 she try . christine no . ryan I need to reach across you lap . can I do that , please ? she nod , fear start to play on she face . ryan ( cont 'd ) thanks . he reach across she lap , tug she skirt down a little to cover she bare leg . he can not get it loose . ryan ( cont 'd ) I need you to move a little , can you do that ? she nod , try to move . he jam he hand in again and work the buckle . ryan ( cont 'd ) be you hurt , anything break ? christine I do not think so . ryan that 's good . christine be you go to get I out ? ryan yeah , I be gonna get you out . christine okay . ryan ( cut he hand ) fuck ! sorry . christine that 's okay . Ryan reach into he pocket and pull out a jackknife . christine react instinctively . he notice . ( continued ) 66 67 68 69 70 71 72 73 74 3/18/04 71 . continued : ( 3 ) 66 ryan I be go to cut the belt , okay ? she nod . Ryan saw away at it with the dullish blade . ryan's Pov : through the windshield 67 Gomez get to the flame dodge with the extinguisher . under the dodge -- the flame 68 catch on the trail of gasoline . gomez 69 run to try and beat the flame to the Jeep as a FIRE truck arrive . officer gomez Ryan ! get out of the car ! inside the jeep 70 Ryan work to cut the belt . suddenly they both notice : there Pov - through the windshield 71 the fire rush toward they . christine 72 shriek , Ryan keep cut , just a inch to go when ... the flame burst into the Jeep , envelop they . Ryan cut the belt loose . suddenly , he 's yank out by the foot ! he make a grab for christine . christine grab for he , miss . ryan 73 be pull from the flame car by Gomez and a motorist . Ryan kick at they and crawl right back in . christine 74 see he come for she , reach out . ( continued ) 74 75 3/18/04 72 . continued : 74 ryan grab she wrist . lock together , they share a desperate look and a heartbeat later ... gomez and two motorist 75 pull and ryan drag christine out with he . gomez and the motorist pull Ryan and christine away from the Jeep and toss a blanket over they , smother they smolder clothing . in the background , the firemen arrive and attack the flame . ryan sit on the pavement , cradling christine tightly in he arm as she sob . christine look up at he , sobbing , confuse , angry , grateful -- she search he eye for answer , some way to make sense of what just happen . ryan shhhh . shhhhhh . the paramedics ( one of whom be allan , the guy chase he date in westwood ) try to lift christine from Ryan 's arm . Ryan bat he away . allan it 's okay , we just have to check she . be you hurt ? can you walk ? ( she nod , they lift she to she foot ) let 's take you over to the ambulance . Ryan let she go and they walk she toward the wait ambulance , continue to question her . christine throw one look back over she shoulder -- hate fill with fear and gratitude . ( continued ) 75 76 77 78 3/18/04 73 . continued : 75 ryan watch she , equally confuse , overwhelm and embarrassed by he feeling . int . columbia studio - stage 24 -- day 76 cameron and cut . cameron sit slump in he director 's chair . he say nothing . the a.d. look to he with the imply question : be we printing or do another ? then , tentative : first a.d . - so , what do you want to do ? cameron do not move , do not say anything . people start to notice and grow silent . and still cameron just sit . and the a.d. and all the crew and actor just wait . ext . daniel' bungalow - westchester -- afternoon 77 a batter white Honda pull to the curb . on the seat be a open phone book . behind the wheel sit farhad . he look to the house across the street . a yellow school bus pull up , block he view . it honk its horn and drive away , and we see a couple kid disperse onto the sidewalk . one of they wave to the other ; lara , Daniel 's daughter . lara 's mother meet she and walk she inside . there 's no truck in the driveway . farhad pull the gun out from under the phone book , open the cylinder and see that it be load . he snap it close and shove it back . and wait . int . d.a.' conference room -- day 78 Karen show Graham into a conference room the size of a bowl alley . Inside we find Bruce , answer he cell phone , and jake flanagan , kingmaker and " head of media Relations . " karen the d.a. ask I to apologize , he want to be here himself . ( continued ) 78 3/18/04 continued : flanagan ( offer hand with a smile ) no , he do not . if he do he own dirty work , none of we would have job . Jake flanagan , media Relations . Bruce snap shut he cell phone , to flanagan : bruce he 's just pull into the garage . flanagan the press conference be in ten minute , so we will make this short . ( flip open file ) Internal affair say this conklin have two suspicious shooting on he record -- both black man , both time he be clear but only just . detective Lewis make black man number three . you know any reason why we should not hang conklin for this ? graham it look a little more complicated than we think . we find over three hundred thousand dollar in the trunk of the car Lewis be drive . flanagan shit. ( to Bruce ) get down to the garage , tell he to stay there until he hear from I . Bruce bolt for the door . karen you find the money in the mercede ? I think that be not he car . graham it 's register to a cyndee Bradley , we have not be able to speak to she , as she " leave town " this morning . flanagan so , it be not Lewis ' car . he may not have even know the money be in it . ( continued ) 74 . 78 78 3/18/04 continued : 75 . ( 2 ) 78 graham if you say so . karen latasha harlins , rodney King , this name ring a bell , detective ? graham yeah . flanagan we have attorney for this slain police officer camp in we office . we have he mother and a half - dozen man of the cloth who swear that Lewis be one of the twelve apostle of Christ . we have two black city councilman and a congresswoman who call every hour on the hour demand to know what the District Attorney intend to do about this and you want he to walk into that press room and tell they all that the situation be " complicated " ?? a moment of silence , then a decision . flanagan ( cont 'd ) ( to Karen ) give we a minute . Karen stand , exit . flanagan ( cont 'd ) who know about the money ? graham you be kid I , right ? flanagan there be only two people in this room . graham ( beat ) myself , my partner and Ferguson in Internal affair . flanagan Jim Ferguson ? ( continued ) 78 3/18/04 continued : 76 . ( 3 ) 78 graham yes . flanagan ( beat ) okay . I guess I do not see a problem here . as it be not Lewis ' car , the money be not clear evidence of any wrong-do . even if it be , we be not go to prosecute a dead man . which mean the money that Internal affair be hold can not even be consider evidence . graham well , you can do this dance , but when the coroner 's report come in tomorrow , my bet be it say detective Lewis be coke out of he head . flanagan Fucking black people , huh ? graham ... I be sorry ? flanagan I mean , I know all the sociological reason why eighty percent of the man in prison in this state be black ... school be a disgrace , lack of opportunity , bias in the judicial system , all that stuff ... but still it 's gotta get to you , I mean on a gut level , as a black man . they just can not keep they hand out of the cookie jar . Graham laugh at this asshole . flanagan ( cont 'd ) course you and I know that 's not the truth , but that 's the way it always play , do not it . and asshole like Lewis just keep feed the flame . it 's get to get to you . flanagan ( cont 'd ) ( beat ) you coach ball down in compton , be I right ? ( continued ) 78 3/18/04 continued : 77 . ( 4 ) 78 graham do not try and pretend you know anything about I . flanagan ( open a file ) oh , I know more than you think . ( beat ) what do you think that kid need ? to make they believe ; to give they hope ? you think they need another greedy black asshole ? another drugdeal cop ? or do you think they need a fall black hero ? graham if you be finish be the black man 's best friend , you want to just tell I what I be be offer here ? flanagan oddly , the da 's squad be lose its lead investigator next month . Rick be quite adamant that he replacement be a person of color . it 's a high profile position , and he want to send the right message to the community . graham and that message be what , look at the Black Boy I buy ? thanks for think of I . flanagan actually we be think of you until we see this . flanagan slide a piece of paper out of the file and across the table toward Graham . flanagan ( cont 'd ) it 's a warrant for you brother 's arrest . twenty -someth year old and already he third felony . Three strike Law , kid 's go away for life for steal a car . Christ that 's a unfair law . but still , he have every opportunity you have . Fucking black people , huh ? ( continued ) 78 79 3/18/04 78 . continued : ( 5 ) 78 graham ( beat ) so , to make this disappear , all I have to do be frame a innocent man . flanagan what be you , the fuck defender of all thing White ?! we be talk about a white man who shot three black man and you be argue that maybe we be not be " fair " to he ?! ( beat ) you know what , maybe you be right : maybe Lewis do provoke this . maybe he get what be come to he . or maybe , stone or not , just be a black man in the Valley be enough to get he kill . no one be there to see who shot first , so there be no way to know . which mean we could get this wrong . ( be : warrant ) maybe that 's what happen with you brother . maybe we get it wrong . maybe Lewis be not the only one who deserve the benefit of the doubt . ( beat ) you be the one close to all this . you need to tell we . what do you gut tell you ? Graham look to flanagan and struggle with the decision . int . criminal court build - corridor -- day 79 flanagan have disappear . Reporters hover in the press room at the far end of the hall . down at this end Graham and Karen wait uncomfortably . the stairwell door open and Rick approach . rick so , Graham . what do I tell they ? you tell I , and I will tell they . graham ... give detective conklin 's history ... I would say it 's clear what happen last night . rick okay . ( continued ) 79 80 81 82 3/18/04 79 . continued : 79 Rick nod and head for the press room at the end of the hall . Karen hesitates , almost disappointed , then follow . Graham watch as Rick shake hand with a couple of wait reporter and then disappear into the cavernous room . we hold on the open door and push in . rick ( o.s. ) ( cont 'd ) before I get to why we be here , I know you may have hear that we have we car steal last night . as you can imagine , my wife be pretty shake up , but we be both okay . and Jean and I appreciate the call and you concern . ( beat / fend off question ) now . just after nine p.m. last night , detective William Lewis , a eight - year veteran of the force and a active member of the black community be gun - down by a fellow officer . Bruce close the door . int . louise's apartment -- afternoon 80 the thick drape be pull tight , it look like a cave in here . Graham stand in the kitchen , look at he mother , pass out cold on the sofa . the image break he heart . he push it out of he mind , turn and place the two Whole Foods bag down on the counter . he open Louise 's refrigerator and fill it with grocery . ext . sherman oak side STREET -- afternoon 81 cameron 's black Navigator glide to a stop at a quiet intersection . it 's just a stop sign and there 's no cross traffic , so there 's no reason for the truck to just sit there . it should move on . it do not . int . the navigator 82 cameron sit , oblivious to the fact that he should be drive forward . he 's lose and in pain , and not sure exactly where he be go . and he impulse be to turn around , go home . suddenly he passenger door jerk open and Peter level he weapon . peter get outta the car ! ( continued ) 82 3/18/04 80 . continued : 82 Anthony shove he gun in the driver 's side window . ANTHONY gimme the key ! gimme the -- Anthony freeze when he see cameron 's black face . ANTHONY ( cont 'd ) -- what in the fuck ?! peter get outta the car ! you deaf ? get out of the car ! cameron ignore Peter , ignore the gun Anthony have point in he face -- just stare . ANTHONY do not you hear the man ? get out of the muth -- cameron fling open he door , send Anthony fly . as cameron step out : ANTHONY ( cont 'd ) what the fuck be you do ? you want to get kill , nigga ?! the Navigator start to roll . Peter scramble over the seat to keep the car from drive up onto the lawn , as ... cameron slam the butt of he palm into Anthony 's chest , knock he back into the glare of the headlight . cameron say that again . in the driver' seat stun by what he see , Peter jump out to help . peter hey ! ANTHONY trip and land awkwardly on he ass -- ( continued ) 82 3/18/04 81 . continued : ( 2 ) 82 ANTHONY you stupid mutherfucker ! -- aim he gun . cameron kick he in the gut . ANTHONY ( cont 'd ) ohhhhh ! Anthony buckle in two . cameron stomp on he gun hand , pin it to the ground , and with he other foot kick Anthony in the gut , send he roll toward the curb . cameron ignore the gun on the ground , just stalk Anthony . ANTHONY ( cont 'd ) Jesus Christ ! Peter now have he gun aim at cameron 's back . peter I will shoot you ! back off or I will shoot you ! cameron kick Anthony again . ANTHONY ahhh ! peter stop kick he ! I '11 shoot you dead ! ANTHONY stop talk and shoot this muther -- cameron kick he again . this time Anthony roll and grab cameron 's leg , knock he down ... and the two man roll in the street , swinging on each other . ANTHONY ( cont 'd ) shoot he ! shoot the prick ! the sound of a car pass in the distance make Peter turn . a block away he see ... a squad car pass through a intersection . it brake just before it disappear completely . ( continued ) 82 83 3/18/04 82 . continued : ( 3 ) 82 peter peter cop ! at the intersection the squad car back up and stop . peter grab cameron and throw he off Anthony . peter ( cont 'd ) cop ! Peter take off . Anthony scramble after he -- but cameron grab he ankle and twist he back to the ground . Anthony try to kick he away . see the gun on the street . reaches for it as the siren burst and ... cameron jerk he head around to see : the squad car turn from the intersection and head they way , red light flash . ANTHONY make a break for he gun . cameron see what he 's do and run for the driver 's side . peter jump a fence . his coat catch , tear . he drop into a garden and disappear behind the house . int . navigator 83 Anthony leap into the passenger seat and scramble for the wheel . cameron barely make it into the driver 's seat first and slam he back to the other side . ANTHONY what the fuck you do ?! get outta the car ! ( continued ) 83 84 85 86 87 88 3/18/04 83 . continued : 83 cameron fuck you ! the squad scream up behind they . over loudspeaker : officer stone step out of the car ! cameron stomp on the accelerator -- ext . sherman oak side STREET -- continuous 84 the navigator climb over the lawn and through two hedge before find the street again . int . squad car -- officer stone 85 grab for the radio as he partner , officer hill , stomp on the accelerator . int . navigator 86 swerving through the side street . ANTHONY you fuck idiot , get out of the car ! cameron you get out of the car ! ANTHONY I will blow you away ! get outta the car ! cameron you get out of the car ! ANTHONY get the fuck out of the car ! cameron swerve around a corner . ext . side street -- afternoon 87 a second squad car join in the pursuit , pull in right behind the Navigator . int . second squad car -- afternoon 88 it 's hansen , read the plate number into he radio -- ( continued ) 3/18/04 84 . 838 continued : 88 hansen 4 pci -- ( realize ) I know this guy . dispatcher voice say again ? 89 int . navigator -- continuous 89 they be still scream at the top of they lung : ANTHONY get out of the fuck car !! cameron you get out of the fuck car !! ANTHONY get out of the fuck car !! cameron it 's my fuck car ! ANTHONY it 's my fuck gun ! cameron snatch it away from he in one swift stroke . cameron it 's my fuck gun now ! ANTHONY give I my fuck gun ! cameron get out of my car ! suddenly cameron slam on the brake . and 90 ext . cul -de - sac -- continuous 90 the navigator skid to a stop just inch from the concrete embankment . ANTHONY cul-de-sacs ! another fuck reason black people have no business live in sherman oak ! ( continued ) 90 3/18/04 85 . continued : 90 hansen's squad car brake at the entrance to the cul - de-sac . the other squad go right past , pull in behind the Navigator . Stone grab the shotgun and he and Hill spring out , gun draw and aim . officer hill hand in plain sight ! step out of the vehicle ! in the navigator Anthony see no escape route ; slide down in he seat . cameron get out of my car ! ANTHONY you so brave , you get outta the car ! hansen pull he sidearm and assume a backup position . in the navigator cameron turn to Anthony , who be hunching down in he seat . officer hill ( 0.s. ) hand in plain sight , step out of the vehicle ! cameron pull up he sweater and jam the handgun into the belt in the small of he back . he fling open the door and step out into .. the cul -de - sac cameron this what you want ? you want I , pig fuck ? officer stone pump he shotgun , stand guard as Hill approach cameron . ANTHONY sink down deeper in the seat . ( continued ) 90 3/18/04 86 . continued : ( 2 ) 90 hansen take aim . officer hill lie face down on the ground , spread you arm and leg . cameron no , you lie on the ground , you spread you arm and leg ! officer hill Sir , I need you to lie on the ground . cameron and I need you on the ground ! ANTHONY be crouching so low he 's almost on the floor . outside cameron move forward until the barrel of Officer Hill 's gun be just inch from he face . officer hill do not come any closer . down on you knee . cameron fuck you ! you get on you knee ! officer stone on you knee , now ! cameron swivel and redirect he wrath to Officer Stone . cameron you get on you knee and suck my dick while you be down there ! hansen watch , sweat , as cameron be pinch between two cop and they shotgun . cameron keep move in on Officer Hill . ( continued ) 90 3/18/04 continued : hansen 87 . ( 3 ) 90 officer hill do I look like I be fuck joke with you ? cameron yeah , you look like a fuck joke ! you look like a bad fuck joke ! officer hill this man be make threaten gesture . see exactly how this be gonna end . cameron this be not threaten gesture . you want to see threaten gesture ?! hansen holster he weapon and stride right up between cameron and Hill . hansen I know this man ! officer stone get back ! hansen I know this man ! officer hill get out of the way ! hansen give I some fuck room , will you ?! I know this man ! cameron ( to hansen ) who the fuck be you ?! officer stone ( to hansen ) step away ! hansen ( to Officer Stone ) fuck off and give I some room ! ( continued ) 90 3/18/04 88 . continued : ( 4 ) 90 officer hill be you fuck nut ? get out of the way ! cameron ( to Officer Hill ) fuck you ! hansen spin on cameron . hansen you see what 's happen here ? you want to die here ?! be that what you want ?? ' Cause this guy really want to shoot you , and the way you be act they will be completely fuck justified . cameron fuck you . officer hill step away from he ! hansen ( to cameron ) fuck I ? I be not the one who be fuck here ! you be the one who be fuck , ' cause you be the one who be gonna have he head blow across the street and onto that man 's patio ! officer hill Officer hansen , step away now ! hansen ( turn on they ) he 's a friend of mine , ok ?! he 's a fuck friend of mine ! he be not armed and he be not gonna shoot I or anybody else ! so give I two fuck second here ! Stone and Hill share a look . Hill lower he weapon and step away , really piss . Stone keep the shotgun train . hansen step back to cameron and speak softly . hansen ( cont 'd ) be you start to understand the situation here ? ( continued ) 3/18/04 89 . 90 continued : ( 5 ) 90 the shock be wear off and cameron be start to grasp the insanity of the situation . cameron ..- what the fuck you want ? hansen unless you think you wife be gonna be better off with a husband who have a bloody stump for a head , I want you to sit on that curb , put you hand on you head and do nothing until I speak to this officer . cameron I be not put my hand on my head or sit on any fuck curb ! hansen then stand where you be and keep you hand in plain sight ! can you do that ? cameron .... yeah . hansen ( to other cop ) I have tell this man to stay where he be and keep he hand in plain sight . hansen approach Hill . Stone move to join in the conversation . officer hill this man better be related to you by blood , because this be fuckin ' nut . hansen -- I need this favor . you can run he name and license -- there 's no prior , no warrant . I need to let he go with a warning . officer hill ..- what kind of fuck warning ? hansen a harsh warning . ( continued ) 90 91 3/18/04 90 . continued : ( 6 ) 90 read the stunne silence as agreement . hansen ( cont 'd ) thanks . hansen walk back to cameron . hansen ( cont 'd ) ( angrily ) you have be warn , you understand ? do you understand I ? cameron stare back defiantly . cameron you want to do something to I ? I be right here . hansen I be try to fuck help you . cameron do I ask for you help ? hansen ( beat ) go home . cameron that I can do . cameron turn , walk back to the Navigator , open the door and climb in . ANTHONY stare at he as if he be a patient from a insane asylum . cameron pull shut he door . cameron start the engine as hansen turn and walk back to the other cop . officer hill you be write this up . the cop get back into they car as the Navigator pull out past they and cruise off . int . the navigator 91 Anthony stare up from the floor in disbelief , try to figure out what in the hell just happen . 92 93 94 95 96 3/18/04 91 . ext . cul - do - sac - high angle 92 the Navigator disappear and the cop back out . as they pass hansen , Stone shake he head . then they be go , leave hansen stand alone in the cul - de-sac . int . navigator - late afternoon 93 cameron drive down ventura Blvd . Anthony slowly pull himself up into he seat , still try to figure out what cameron 's angle be here . cameron pull over to the curb . cameron look at I . cameron hand he back he gun . cameron ( cont 'd ) you embarrass I . you embarrass yourself . for the first time in he life , Anthony 's get nothing to say . he shove he gun into he pocket and get out , and the Navigator pull away . he walk off down the sidewalk . ext . daniel' bungalow - westchester -- late afternoon 94 farhad watch in he rearview mirror as Daniel 's truck glide down the street and pull into he driveway , give a little toot of he horn . int . daniel' bungalow -- continuous 95 lara run to the window , see that ... lara daddy 's home ! ext . daniel' bungalow -- continuous 96 farhad open the door of he Honda and start across the street , toward the truck in the driveway , toward Daniel , walk down the sidewalk . Daniel look up , momentarily confuse , recognize farhad but not remember from where . lara open the front door as ... farhad raise the pistol and step right up to Daniel ... farhad you give my money . ( continued ) 3/18/04 92 . 96 continued : 96 daniel what ? what money ? lara daddy ? daniel ( call ) elizabeth ! come get lara ! lara daddy ? farhad you pay my store ! give my money ! you pay my store ! lara daddy ? daniel you go inside , honey . Elizabeth !! lara mommy ? ! 97 int . daniel' bungalow -- continuous 97 the camera swoops in from the live room to find Elizabeth wash dish , unable to hear because of the run water . 98 ext . daniel' bungalow -- continuous 98 farhad I want money ! you give I truck ! daniel it 's not my truck ! lara daddy ! daniel Elizabeth ! ! 99 int . daniel' bungalow -- continuous 99 Elizabeth something . shut off the run water , think she 's hear ( continued ) 3/18/04 93 . 99 continued : 99 elizabeth what ?! she wipe she hand and head for the front door , annoyed . 100 ext . daniel' bungalow -- continuous 100 daniel ( digging for he wallet ) here , I get about fifty dollar -- farhad grab the wallet and fling it away , money fly . farhad fifty dollar ?? I lose everything ! you give I truck ! you give I home ! you give I everything ! farhad 's whole arm shake from fear and anger . 101 int . daniel' bungalow -- continuous 101 as lara suddenly have a horrible realization ... lara daniel ( turn to Mom ) I do not know what you be he have not get it ! talk about , it 's not my house , I do not have that elizabeth kind of money ! ( approach ) have not get what ? farhad you lie ! give I lara everything ! I have it ! he have not get he ' penetrable daniel cloak ! you want the truck ? it 's not mine ! take it ! lara bolt out the door . Elizabeth chase after she . elizabeth lara ? lara ! 102 ext . daniel' bungalow -- continuous 102 lara almost fly down the walk and across the grass . lara farhad daddy ! you lie ! you cheat I ! you son-of - a - ( continued ) 102 103 3/18/04 94 . continued : 102 Daniel do not see she come until she 's almost upon he , leaping into he arm . just as farhad 's finger jerk on the trigger .... bang ! the bullet hit lara straight in the back ... farhad ( cont 'd ) elizabeth ( in horror ) ( run ) ahhhhh . lara!l !!!! Daniel know she be dead without even look . the horror register on he face -- and on farhad 's . but then , Daniel forget something . lara 's wear she impenetrable cloak . which be why she 's able to lift she head and look into he eye . lara it 's okay , daddy . i'11 protect you . daniel what ? Daniel feel she back , no sign of a wound , no sign of a hole , this be impossible . Elizabeth be right there , throw she arm around she daughter and husband . farhad look at he smoking gun . it fall to he side . elizabeth baby ! farhad open he mouth to apologize but can not say anything . Daniel just stare at farhad , then walk he family toward he house . lara ( whisper in he ear ) it 's a really good cloak . he close the door behind they . leave ... farhad stand on the street , he mind reeling , neighbor stare . int . police station - locker room -- early evening 103 hansen sit on the bench , change he clothes with the rest of the cop who be come off shift . he nod to a pass black officer . ( continued ) 103 104 3/18/04 95 . continued : 103 hansen how 's it go ? the black officer just give he a look and walk off out the door . hansen look around , see the last few officer exit in they civvy , completely ignore he . now alone , hansen lean back against the wall and watch the last drop of daylight disappear from the room . and suddenly he slam he locker close . int . rick and jean be home -- early evening 104 Jean pad up the back stair . she 's wear she workout clothes and a pair of sweat sock , the cordless phone to she ear . she head down the hall carry a book and a stuff animal . she drop off the animal in she son 's room and keep walk under the follow : jean I send she for grocery , that be two hour ago .... Carol , you should talk , you go through six housekeeper a year .... I be not snap at you , I be just angry ; I be sorry .... ( with grow agitation ) yes , at they ! and the police and Rick and Maria and the dry cleaner who ruin another blouse and the gardener who keep over - water the lawn and .... ( stop , grapples with a explanation ) I just wake up this morning and I think I would feel better . you know ? but I be still mad ... and I realize : it be not about have my car steal . that 's how I wake up every morning .... I be angry all the time . ( at the point of tear ) and I do not know why . Carol , I do not know why . ( beat / listen ) yeah , call I back . she hang up the phone and head for the front stair . her foot slip on the top step and she fall . 105 106 107 108 109 3/18/04 ext . fairfax ave . -- night 96 . 105 Peter shuffles across the intersection , stick he thumb out to try and catch a pass car . it cruise on past . turn up he collar and head up the dark street . int . ryan's ancient american sedan -- night back in he civilian clothes , Ryan cruise up to a stop 1 in a dark part of town . the traffic light turn green , but Ryan do not notice , lose in he thought . the car behind he lay on the horn and he take notice and pull out . ext . fairfax ave . - high angle - further up the road a dark patch in the road that twist through the oil fiel not a car in sight . Peter shove he hand in he jacket pocket , feel something , come out with the gun . he snap the revolver open -- no bullet . he pitch the cylinder over the fence , far into the scrub brush , then toss the rest of the gun in the other direction and walk on . ext . ventura blvd . -- night Anthony stand hitching at a corner of the busy street . one be ever gonna pick he up and he know it . which be when he see : a bus head in he direction . and ... ANTHONY look away , see that he 's stand at a bus stop . shit . as the bus stop and the door open , Anthony have to make decision . int . hansen's 1993 crown victoria -- night hansen drive home , barely listen to the country and western song that play softly on the radio , he mind on night 's event . he pass a hitch-hiker but think nothing of it , just a black kid . something make he reconsider . he pull ove he 106 ight 107 ds , 's 108 no a 109 the other xr and Peter run up to the car , open the door and climb in . peter really appreciate this . ( continued ) 109 3/18/04 97 . continued : 109 hansen no problem . be a cop , hansen can not help check Peter out . hansen ( cont 'd ) do not usually stop . peter do not usually hitch . hansen how long you be out there ? peter hour maybe . hansen that 's a big surprise . peter yeah , this be not exactly pick up a brother territory . hansen ( smile ) true . so , where you head ? peter anywhere the other side of the hill . hansen I be go to El segundo . peter El segundo 's cool . hansen you be there ? peter fuck no . ( a moment ) good music . hansen give he a look . he do not believe that either . peter ( cont 'd ) no , really . I be start to understand it . wrote a country song myself just yesterday . ( continued ) 3/18/04 98 . 109 continued : ( 2 ) 109 hansen I will bet you do . peter my hand to God . we notice hansen be tapping he leave leg double time to the music , a little too fast . the adrenaline be still pump through he , and he 's fight it . peter ( cont 'd ) that 's some rhythm you get work . hansen give he a sideways glance ; pay a little more attention to he clothing now , particularly the small tear in he baggy coat . hansen so , what be happen in the Valley tonight ? hansen notice the mud coating Peter 's sneaker . peter Ice skate . hansen Ice skate ? peter Love to skate . always want to be a goalie . hansen force a chuckle . peter ( cont 'd ) you think that 's funny ? hansen I think you be have fun . peter whatever . Peter let it go , but it still dig at he . then he notice the plastic statue of St. Christopher on the dash . and he start to laugh . hansen something else funny ? ( continued ) 109 3/18/04 continued : 99 . ( 3 ) 109 peter ( still laugh ) oh yeah . hansen so , what 's that ? peter dust people , man . hansen people like I ? peter no , man , I be not laugh at you . hansen yeah , I can see that . how about you laugh outside ? and he do . peter why you get all bent outta shape ? hansen I be not get bent , just pull over . peter come on , man , keep drive , I say I be not laugh at you . hansen and I be not tell you to get out of my car . peter why you be a jerk ? drive the car . hansen I gotta better idea , why do not you get out right now . peter Fine . you want I to show you ? I will show you . Peter thrust he hand deep into he jacket pocket . hansen react instinctively : ( continued ) 109 103 102 3/18/04 100 . continued : ( 4 ) 109 hansen take you hand out of you pocket ! peter fuck you . hansen put you hand where I can see they ! peter who the fuck do you think you be ? hansen hand in plain sight ! peter you wanna see what 's in my hand ?! I will show you what 's in my fuck hand ! Peter jerk he hand up out of he pocket and hansen swing he revolver out with he leave hand and fire .... hit Peter dead in the chest . Peter look down at the hole in he chest , look at he right hand , open it to reveal the plastic statuette . hansen oh God . oh god. and it 's obvious to both of they that Peter be go to die . and hansen reach over for he , and support he neck as Peter gurgle blood ... and look back at hansen , dumfounded . and while they look in each other 's eye , Peter die . and hansen panic . hansen ( cont 'd ) oh God . oh no . oh god. his mind racing , hansen reach over and open the passenger door ... and Peter fall out . ext . fairfax ave . - high angle -- continuous 103 the Crown Vic disappear into the distance , we tilt up to see the twinkle city light below and fade to black . int . hansen's crown VIC -- continuous 102 hansen stare straight ahead , he mind go numb . 3/18/04 101 . 104 over black 104 crash ! Metal crunching , tire skid , horn blaring . then a long silence . finally : detective carr ( v.o. ) Heard it might snow . graham ( v.o. ) get outta here . detective carr ( v.o. ) that 's what I hear . graham ( v.o. ) ... what have you get ? detective carr ( v.0o . ) Dead kid . we fade up to find : 105 ext . fairfax ave . - extreme high angle shot -- night 105 Graham and detective carr at the crime scene . Graham walk down into the gully . detective carr you touch anything and it 's yours . then Graham spot a sneaker in the grass , mark by a evidence flag . he look up and see something that make he face turn to ash . 106 int . rtd bus - a barren part of town -- night 106 Anthony glance out the window at the shutter store and factory . he look at the other occupant of the bus , a old black couple and three Hispanic housekeeper , laugh , in the midst of a animated story . and he think " this be my fuck life . " and look back out the window . and see something he recognize . he yank at the bell and stand . 107 ext . close on a set of car keys -- night 107 they hang in the lock of the van door , exactly as we last see they . Anthony 's hand reach in and turn they . ( continued ) 107 108 109 3/18/04 102 . continued : 107 angle to reveal ANTHONY and " the chinaman be " panel van Anthony climb in , turn the engine over and drive off down the desert street . smile . int . hospital -- night 108 Kim Lee , the Korean woman who rear-end ria , frantically search the room on either side of the hospital corridor -- kim lee choi jin gui ! choi jin gui! a nurse step out into she path , stop she . nurse hodge can I help you ? kim lee choi jin gui ! choi jin gui! nurse hodge do you speak English ? kim lee I be speak English , you stupid cow ! my husband name choi jin gui! int . hospital ward -- night 109 the nurse open the door and Kim Lee burst in , hysterical .... kim lee jin gui ! oh God , jin gui! nurse hodge ma'am -- the nurse give up and exit and Kim Lee run to she husband 's bed and throw she arm around he . choi , " the chinaman , " he body bandage and cast , see she through drug-heavy eye . choi ... Kim Lee ? kim lee ( in Korean ) I think you be dead -- I call every hospital . ( continued ) 109 3/18/04 103 . continued : 109 choi it 's okay , I be okay . she kiss he repeatedly , as if barely believe he be alive . kim lee I go crazy , speed . I drive into a car . choi oh my God , be you all right ? kim lee ( nod , then ... ) get in big fight with poor woman . call she name . he laugh through the pain . kim lee ( cont 'd ) oh fine , I die from worry , you laugh . choi ( squeeze she hand ) thank you ... for find I . she smile through tear . choi ( cont 'd ) will you do something for I ? kim lee anything . chot go to the locker . she walk to the four locker that line the entrance to the ward . choi ( cont 'd ) the next one . she find it , open it . choi ( cont 'd ) in my shirt pocket . she reach in , pull out a check -- the company check that the other Korean man give he in the deli . ( continued ) 109 110 111 3/18/04 104 . continued : ( 2 ) 109 choi ( cont 'd ) bring it here . she do . he motion she to lean close . he fold it into she hand and whisper into she ear . choi ( cont 'd ) ( in Korean ) Cash it right away . int . CITY morgue - basement corridor -- night 110 ria walk slowly along the corridor . cover body on gurney line the wall , overflow from the crowded morgue . she brace herself , then turn and look back down the corridor , to see .... graham and louise stand further down the hall in front of one particular gurney . the female coroner tech flip back the sheet enough for they to see . Louise 's leg buckle . her face contort , she mouth open , no sound able to escape . ria turn away , unable to watch as ... the pathologist cover the body , offer a sympathetic look and exit . as she get closer we realize that she be dorri , farhad 's daughter . she approach the wall phone in the hall , it 's hold light flash . she answer it quietly . dorri hello ? int . CITY morgue - adjacent corridor -- moment later 111 Graham and ria lower Louise onto a bench . louise my baby , my poor baby . ria walk to the nearby dispenser to get Louise some water . Graham , he face tear-stain , kneel beside he mother . graham shh . it 's ok . shhhh . I promise you . I promise you I will find out who do this to he . louise I already know . Graham look back , confuse . ( continued ) 3/18/04 105 . 111 continued : 111 louise ( cont 'd ) you do . his mind reel as he try to grasp she meaning . louise ( cont 'd ) I ask you to find you brother . but you be busy . we be not much good to you anymore , be we ? as she meaning stab he in the heart ... louise ( cont 'd ) you get thing to do . you go ahead , I will sign the papers . graham - ma ? louise I just want to wait with my baby . Graham get to he foot and somehow find the strength to walk down the hall . louise ( cont 'd ) he come home . you know that ? my little boy . when I be sleep . he bring I grocery . last thing he do . Graham nod , turn and walk past ria , barely look at she . ria watch he go , she heart break for they . 112 int . chop shop -- night 112 Anthony talk to lucien . we see the van park in b.g. lucien no , I get it ; when I say " get I a black lincoln Navigator " , you think I say " get I a white piece of shit panel van . " ANTHONY just give I whatever . georgie open the back door . georgie lucien ? you should see this . ( continued ) 3/18/04 106 . 112 continued : 112 lucien and Anthony step to the rear of the panel van , look in to see : a dozen or so illegal alien all asian ; incredibly thin , scared , they clothes filthy and urine drench , chain together , man , woman and child , the chain lock to the van with a padlock . lucien and Anthony be speechless . until ... lucien I will take the van . ANTHONY they be chain to the van . lucien so , I will take they , too . ANTHONY you want to buy this chiname ? lucien do not be ignorant . they're thai or something ; entirely different kinda chink . how much you want for they ? georgie , count ‘em up . as georgie count : ANTHONY what the hell you gonna do with they ? lucien sell ‘em , what the hell you think ? I will give you five hundred a piece and you can keep the van . Anthony look at the illegal and ... maria ( v.0o . ) mister Rick ? 113 int . criminal court build - rotunda -- night 113 Rick shuffles the papers under he arm as as he strain to hear he cell phone . rick Maria ? what 's wrong ? 3/18/04 107 . 114 int . rick & jean be home - master bedroom -- at that moment 114 maria Mrs. Jean need to talk to you . Maria hand the phone to Jean , who sit in bed , she ankle tape and propped on a pillow . jean Rick ? rick what 's wrong ? jean I fall on the stair . he push the elevator button . rick be you okay ? jean when I could not reach you I call everyone ; Julie and marg and suz .... rick ( check he watch / shit ) I be leave right now . jean it 's okay , Maria drive I ; it 's just a bad sprain . I could not get through to anyone . Carol be the only one home . she say she could not come , she be have a massage . she 's be my friend ten year . rick the bitch . you okay ? jean yeah , I be okay . 115 int . rotunda - continuous 115 Karen step up beside he at the elevator . rick I be on my way . ( continued ) 115 116 117 118 119 3/18/04 108 . continued : 115 jean ( 0.s. ) okay . a brief look pass from Rick to Karen : it 's not go to happen tonight . she understand . the elevator door open . int . rick & jean be home - master bedroom -- continuous 116 Jean put the phone back on the cradle as Maria return with a cup of tea . maria you want to sit up ? Jean nod . Maria put the cup down . she wrap she arm around Jean 's shoulder and pull she up so that Jean 's lean against the headboard . Maria go to move away , but Jean hold on . her eye be tear up . jean you want to hear something funny ?... you be the best friend I have . Maria rub she back as Jean hold on tight . int . the chinaman' panel van -- night 11 % . Anthony drive alone in the night , through a desolate part of town . a slim hand reach through the chain -link divider behind the seat , the finger touch he head . Anthony jerk he head away . another tiny hand reach out and touch he ear . Anthony swat it away . a third hand reach to touch he head , then a fourth , a fifth . Anthony try to ignore they now , just keep he eye on the road and drive into the night . suddenly he face be light by a distant fireball reach into the sky . Anthony turn and look across the distant dirt field . ext . dirt field -- night 118 as the fireball settles , the flame consume a 1993 shit-brown Crown Victoria . hansen toss a gas can into the field and walk away , silhouett by the flame . he peel off he work glove and stuff they in he pocket . when we finally see he face clearly we can tell he be a man destroy , lose , no idea how he get here . int . corner market -- night 119 Dark , save for the moonlight filter through the window . the glass door open , dorri enter . ( continued ) 119 3/18/04 109 . continued : 119 the headlight of a pass car reveal farhad sit alone in the empty market , the gun in he hand , he face ashen and strain . dorri cross to she father , squat before he . he look into she eye , try to find the word , can not . she stare down at the gun , fear the worst . dorri what do you do ? ( no answer ) dad , what do you do ? farhad I shot a little girl . dorri gasp . farhad ( cont 'd ) she 's fine . she be not hurt . I be this far from she , I shot she in the back . dorri oh my god . farhad ( in farsi ) she be my firishta . dorri what be you talk about ? farhad my firishta . you do not know you faith . she be my angel . she save I . she save we all . ( offer she the gun ) take it . please . dorri take it . angle on the register dorri open the hide compartment , look in to see the red box of ammo she place there . for the first time we be close enough to read the label : .32 smith & wesson blank Black powder blanks . she slip the box into she purse , check to see if she father notice . 120 121 122 123 124 3/18/04 int . cameron' navigator - dark cameron drive , stare ahead . through the windshield . he Pov snow fall all around the car . lot on the corner just ahead . cameron do not know what the hell he 's car . ext . STREET -- night cameron get out , marvel at he . he touch a flake on he black . ash. black kid who should be in bed the car fire , table , have a heck of a time , they . he cross the street , throw junk in - cardboard box , 110 . 126 STREET -- night suddenly he notice something a fire burn in the vacant look at . he stop the 121 the " snow " fall all around white shirt it smear to where a half a dozen all dance and play around a old as ash rain down all around cameron join they , watch the Crown Victoria burn , watch the kid laugh and chase each other . he smile to himself . his cell phone ring . he check the readout : home . ext . cameron and christine's bedroom -- night 122 look in through they window we see christine sit on the bed in the dark , wear she sweat , hair wet , look scrape and worse for the wear , phone to she ear . with cameron 123 stare at the readout . he finally make the decision and press talk . cameron ( tenderly ) hi. christine 124 almost cry . christine ( tenderly ) - hi. 125 126 127 128 129 130 131 3/18/04 111. cameron 125 watch the boy play . one of they toss a break chair in the fire . cameron smile . christine 126 brushes away the tear that fall . ext. / int . ryan's duplex -- night 127 look in from outside we see Ryan , hand bandage , help he frail and aging father into the bathroom . after some difficulty he ease he down onto the toilet . where he father weep . no apparent reason , just weep . and Ryan kiss he forehead and hold he . ext./ int . daniel' bedroom -- night 128 lara sleep in she parent ' bed , nestle close to she mother . Daniel stand at the window , look out into the night ... wonder if that bullet be still out there somewhere . ext . / int . rick & jean be home - kitchen -- night 129 Rick lock the kitchen door , the lock we see Daniel replace . something make he unlock it and lock it again . and then he slowly look up , at the darkness of the yard beyond . and he stand there , unable to move , now finally alone , all he fear wash over he . ext . fairfax ave . -- night 130 all that 's leave be the crime scene tape . Graham stand alone , in the headlight of he own car . he finger the crack St. Christopher statuette in he hand , then stare out into the long grass ; lose . ext . chinatown -- night 131 the street be busy , but most people just hurry on they way . the chinaman 's panel van pull to a stop , a couple car back from the light . Anthony look around , see all the chinese . he put the van in park , yank the key out of the ignition and walk around back . he fling open the back door of the van , stuff a key in the padlock and pull out the chain . the chain slip through the metal cuff on they ankle . ( continued ) 131 3/18/04 112 . continued : 131 the illegal stare at he , unmove . : Anthony yell at they : ANTHONY pull ‘em off ! he pries open one of the anklet to show they how . the other kid follow he example . ANTHONY ( cont 'd ) come on - come on - come on , this be America , time be money . one of the kid step out of the van , then another . ANTHONY ( cont 'd ) chop -chop , let 's go . and from there , two dozen wide - eye illegal step out into the street and get they first real look at America . they weave off through traffic , and down the crowded sidewalk . one stop at a fruit and vegetable stand , marvel at the variety of produce -- poke something strange . another two step out of the van and find the fish market -- they laugh and finger the fish on ice . the market owner rush out of he store yelling in chinese and shooing they away . another couple stop at the store display bin of CD 's - and push a stack back and forth like domino . a frightened man squat on the sidewalk , he back to a shop wall , watch the pass face , nodd hellos to stranger who ignore he . a woman walk , stunne and awed by the sign above she , be jostle and bump by stern - face pedestrian . back at the van a impatient driver behind the van lay on the horn . the last few illegal climb out of the van . Anthony stuff a couple twenty in one man 's hand . ANTHONY ( cont 'd ) you split that up . buy everybody chop-suey , you understand ? ( continued ) 131 3/18/04 113 . continued : ( 2 ) 131 the man walk off into the street . ANTHONY ( cont 'd ) dopey fuck chiname . Anthony close the back door , climb back into the van and drive off . as he disappear around the corner a car brake hard in the extreme foreground and be immediately rear ended . the driver of the first car climb out . it 's shaniqua . shaniqua what in the hell be wrong with you people ? the two hispanic occupant of the second car step out and argue with she in Spanish . shaniqua ( cont 'd ) do not talk to I unless you can speak american . a chinese store owner decide to set she straight . shaniqua ( cont 'd ) ( to store owner ) you mind you own business and -- ( to Hispanic Driver ) you show I you insurance . ( more argument ) do not pretend you do not know what I be talk about : the word start with the letter I - n-s , which be who I be gonna call if you do not hand it over pronto . and as we rise we see the twisted chaos of the intersection , the car and the people and the illegal disappear into the maw of the churn city . and it start to snow . fade out the end