flight written by John gatin Dec. 12 , 2011 chyron -- atlanta 6:12 am ext . somewhat seedy two - story HOTEL in atlanta -- pre -dawn it 's still more night than day as we look down on the HOTEL atlanta . the light sign for the HOTEL atlanta may be the only source of light as we hear a metallic rattle . ext . HOTEL atlanta -- second floor -- pre-dawn we follow the metallic rattle to a door . the rattling stop and we watch the knob slowly turn . tight on a feminine arm with a tattoo that announce " hope . " we pull back to find that both arm be employ in the pull of what look like a large suitcase . nicole maggen , a beautiful but tired woman , finish pull the suitcase that we now surmise to be a fold - up massage table out of the motel room . with she bra in one hand and the rickety table rest against the wall of the exterior 2nd floor hallway of the motel , she assess she situation . she dig in she purse , light a cigarette and continue digging in she purse . she find a beat - up candy tin . she open it and quickly sort through a collection of burnt foil , heroin foil , look for residue . nothing . she now find and hold up the 100 buck she just make . she flip open she cheap phone and make a call ... she think better of it and hang up . ext . HOTEL atlanta -- parking lot -- moment later nicole force the clumsy table into the hatchback of a 1988 Toyota tercel and slam it shut . int . 1988 toyota tercel -- parking lot -- same time we hear the electronic ring of she cheap cell phone on " speaker phone " mode . the phone rest on the passenger seat . we pull up to find nicole slump with she head rest on the steering wheel . she be exhaust and irritate ... nicole ( as the phone ring ) do not pick up ... do not pick up ... do not pick up ... 2 . a man answer with music in the background ... " yo .. " nicole quickly pick up the phone . nicole ( cont 'd ) it 's nic , do you have any ? good morning to you too . you be what ? well , where be you guy shoot today ? where ? text I the address . you have some ... okay . she hang up the phone and catch herself in the rearview she try to smile . chyron -- orlando 7:14 am ext . american value suite - HOTEL -- orlando -- morning the sun would be rise if the sky be not swirl with grey cloud . we see the american suite Hotel and recognize it as a decent commuter ' hotel near the airport in Orlando . the sound of a clock radio break the calm of we picture . int . american value suite - HOTEL -- orlando -- morning through the clock radio we loudly hear two morning drive- time radio personality spew nonsensical patter ... a attractive young woman wrestle free of the cover and get out of bed . she cross naked through the room as a cell phone start ringing . back to the bed as whip whitaker rise into frame and inhabit the room like a lazy ape at the zoo . whip wear he 40 some year of life experience like a medal . smoke hang in the air and empty beer , a pint of vodka and two empty carafe of cheap hotel wine clutter the table as whip snatch up he phone and answer ... voice for the love of Christ ! look ... just hold ... hold on . he aggressively drain the last four inch of beer from a clear bottle and crack the last fresh one that bob in the hotel ice bucket . the naked , young woman bend over to pick up she clothes . we witness she ass as a tan glass vase with a perfect crack down the middle . whip smile , take it all in ... 3. whip ( into the phone ) I have be up since the crack ' a dawn . what check ? tuition ? how much do it cost to go there ? the young woman have re-lit the last half of a joint and be puffing it to life as whip be beckone with he large hand . the young woman , look more like a stripper by the second , hand the joint to whip who take a masterful drag . whip shake he head in violent disapproval to what he hear on the phone . he exhales in anger as he shout into the phone . whip ( cont 'd ) no ! no ! no ! you decide he need private school ... lemme talk to knuckle . he 's not ? tell them the phone work both way . oh he 's my son because you need a tuition check ... that 's great deana . I be glad you track I down in Orlando at 7 in the fuck morning to shake I down for money . do he even like the fuck school ? no I have never see it . yeah I wonder why not too . I gotta 9 o'clock flight , sit tight ' till I get back to Atlanta . how be I a liar ? what ? no , I will call you . whip hang up and continue to make quick work of the last beer as he stare through he thought and out the window . young woman be that you wife ? whip that be my ex-wife . but you trina , you could be my second or third wife if you would just c'mere . the young woman we now know as trina smile seductively ... trina whip , do not even joke about that . we flight 's at 9 , let 's hit it . trina be still naked but she hold a navy blue skirt and a white blouse as she hand whip he pants . whip can not help but pat that perfect ass as trina try to skip away . on the radio we hear the open bar of a familiar rock anthem ... joe cocker 's " I be feeling alright " 4. whip yeah , I be feelin ' a little light - head . I shoulda eat somethin' . whip lean over the motel table , pick up a soda straw that 's be cut in half . he efficiently sniff up a line of coke . int . american value suite hotel-orlando-hallway-morning whip wear he pilot blue and carry he hat as he stride confidently down the hallway . joe cocker continue to wail , perfectly narrate the hero 's swagger that whip maintain while pass bad light fixture and ornate wall paper . ext . airport southjet tarmac - airplane - morning raining whip lean against the landing gear of the jackson - ridgefield 88 passenger jet -- he take a swig from a small bottle of mouthwash -- gargle , then spit the green foam on the tarmac . whip wipe fatigue from he face as he stashes the mouthwash in he pocket , then quickly complete he visual walk around . he look at the sky again as he step on to the jet way ladder . his foot slip , send he shoe splashing in to a puddle . whip Son of a bitch ! whip shake the rain out of he shoe as he continue up the stair . int . orlando airport terminal - jetway -- day whip enter the jetway from the exterior door at the entrance of the plane . trina be greeting a man and he son . whip Morning miss Marquez . trina Morning Captain whitaker . whip wait as trina politely part the stream of folk to allow whip to enter the plane . int . airplane galley -- moment later whip exchange a look with a mature flight attendant , margaret thomason . she can not help but smile ... 5 . margaret Captain whitaker , that sky gonna hold ? you be not gonna make I spend another night in Orlando ? whip do not worry , Margaret I be gonna get you home for you prayer meeting at ... what be it ? Jesus Christ superstar 27th Baptist King Church ? trina and camelia satou , the other flight attendant , laugh . margaret that 's right , Christ the King first Baptist Church on hazel and 9th Street . and I be still save you a seat next to I . offer stand ... come on down . whip one of this night , Margaret , I be comin ' . you hold my seat . the girl laugh at the familiar exchange . int . airplane cockpit - morning whip enter the cockpit , remove he hat and nod to ken evan , we clean - cut , young first officer . whip g'morn . walk around be complete . whip pull he emergency oxygen mask off the bulkhead and take a huge hit . whip ( cont 'd ) emergency oxygen , check . ( offer the mask to evan ) you want a hit ? evan no thank you sir . whip ( try to break the chill ) my pleasure to share the chair with ya ' . do not we fly together ... evan let he hang ... 6. evan no sir , not that I remember . Ken Evans , sir . whip call I whip . evan yes sir . whip study this little Bible thumper for a second before ... whip ( call to the galley ) Margaret . ( she appear ) sweetie , will you get I a coffee , black , lot of sugar . and some aspirin . you want something ? evan ( look to Margaret ) no mar 'am . thank you . ( she leave ) Sir , it 's 8:50 . whip then let 's push . I get a great `on time ' record . evan yes sir , you gottit . and how you feel today , sir ? whip focus on evan , try to read into that statement . whip tire , sir . but , this be a quick turn for I . ten turn in three day . off tomorrow . margaret return with the coffee , place it down near whip 's chair on a airline cocktail napkin . margaret here 's you coffee and the final manifest . 102 soul on board . whip thank you , thank you , thank you , you be a life saver . and Margaret gettem ' tuck in , we be ready to push . 7. whip go to the head . margaret and evan exchange a look . CUT to : ext . atlanta suburb - stone mansion - driveway - day nicole get out of she tercel and slam the door twice before it close . she check the address on she phone and look up at the enormous mansion . int . atlanta -- stone - mansion - day nicole push through the overly tall front door of the house . at first glance , it 's completely empty , unfurnish . a guy in cargo pants and a baseball hat sleep sit up against the huge dual staircase that lead to the second floor . random box of video equipment be now evident as be thick cable that lead to a staircase go down . on the staircase she immediately encounter another young crew guy hold a tiny lap dog while stand next to a naked girl wear a shakespearean military helmet . the young crew guy hold up the " be quiet " finger to he lip . nicole quietly make she way down a few step , stop at the odd duo . we now hear activity downstairs , music . suddenly the young crew guy frantically point at the naked girl . naked girl in helmet othello you bastard ! and she grab the tiny dog and hustle downstairs . nicole wait with the young crew guy until we hear .... kip ( o.s. ) CUT ! CUT that ! nicole be free to walk all the way downstairs now . int . mansion - othello porn set - bedroom suite - day nicole enter to reveal a large porn set with a shakespearean theme , specifically " othello . " we see a elizabethan four - poster bed with a canopy surround by stone arch and cardboard venetian column . in the bed we find a african american porn actor lay with two female adult actor . a girl with dyed - blonde hair stand naked next to the throne smoking a joint as she shave she crotch with a man' electric razor . 8. nicole approach a young tattooed man who only wear board short . he 's talk with a older asian man as they groom a pile of coke for snort . nicole kip - he sniff a quick line and get up to kiss she , she turn she cheek avoid the coke-frozen kiss . kip Nicole , this be tiki pot . he 's my partner in this new series , he know a lot about porn . nicole kip I need 2 gram of " h . " kip tiki and I be try to put the narrative back in porn . we desdemona have not show yet . ( a great idea hatches ... ) you should play desdemona . fuck yeah ! you get that fair skin . kip be flirt , see if she will consider it ... nicole desdemona ? what the fuck ? tiki do a line and come up babbling . tiki pot she do anal , two thousand , one hour . nicole I do not do porn , kip . just lemme see the " h . " kip just listen , we be do a othello theme where the moor find you in bed with you nurse and - nicole he fuck I in the ass ? 9. kip well ... yeah . we be give a whole new meaning to the " beast with two back . " that 's actually a title we be toy with ... ' beast with two back ' or hole - thelo or butt hole - thelo ... would you be up for it ? tiki pot College kid , very clean ... BRETT ?! a tall thin kid join they . he wear a moorish headdress and have a bath towel wrap around he waist . tiki pot ( cont 'd ) show she the pipe - BRETT drop the towel ... nicole fuck you tiki , you put that in you ass and call I in the morning . kip , have I ever do that shit for you ? never. asshole . nicole walk away . kip follow she ... at the door . kip nic ... sorry , we be tweak , okay baby girl . hey , c'mon you wanna stay and shoot some still for I , you be pic be awesome . and what 's go on with you ? you be clean for a while and ... ( she begin to cry ) sweetheart , do not cry . nicole I just need a little to smoke . ( flash the cash ) I have get 100 . kip pull a small tin foil square from he vest pocket . kip no , keep you money , okay ? but , Nicole , this be the Taliban baby , very big time . it will take you down . nicole I can handle it . 10 . kip ( cont 'd ) do not shoot this shit , it be way too heavy . nicole I be just gonna smoke it . I have not do needle in week . kip okay , no needle and take a little coke and if you start go down just whiff a little . okay ? I wanna see you ... kip hand she a tiny baggy of coke . he kiss she cheek . CUT to : int . cockpit -- morning out the window ... nothing ... the rain pound . whip lean close to the windshield in a attempt to improve he view . evan reach down and throw a switch . the windshield wiper go on . we can now see very clearly the path of light the plane be to follow . whip look to evan , smile with stone eye . whip thanks junior . evan look out at the rain ... evan look pretty ugly , sir . whip a little rain never hurt anybody . we be not make of sugar . what 's the rvr ? evan half a mile . right at minimum . wind 's gust to 29 . 30 be we crosswind max . whip I know what we crosswind max be . tellem be good to go at the end . evan just stare at whip . 11 . ground control ( on radio ) southjet 227 , say intention . whip look right at evan . evan key the radio . evan Orlando ground . southjet 227 will be ready to go at the end . whip stare forward , not look at evan . int . passenger cabin - day nervous passenger stare out the window as the JR - 88 lumber along the tarmac , head for the runway . we follow trina whose ass look as good in a tight navy skirt as it do split bare with orange fluorescence . margaret speak into the PA mic . margaret lady and gentleman , the captain have turn on the seat - belt sign . please be sure you seat - belt be securely fastened , and all carry - on item be safely store in the over - head bin , or under the seat in front of you . also , all personal electronic device must be switch off , at this time . today 's flight time to Atlanta should be 52 minute . Flight attendant please take you seat . 16 trina strap into she jump -seat . 16 int . cockpit -- morning -- Pov through the windshield heavy rain lash the nose of the plane . lightn flash . we watch the plane steer on to the glowing center-line . int . cockpit whip inhale he coffee and ready himself for take - off . evan try to relax , continue with the checklist . evan ( read the check - list ) Elevator trim - set . flap , one , two , three - set . radios - set . 12. one , two , three altimeter - set . light , pitot heat , de-ice - on . transponder , set . tower ( on radio ) southjet 227 , wind be one - zero- zero at seventeen . runway 18l , clear for take off . whip have razor focus as he place he hand on the throttle . evan sit upright and prepare for battle . evan ( key the mic ) clear for take off , southjet 227 . whip push the throttles and the engine scream as they spool up to full thrust . after a beat , he release the brake . int . passenger cabin - day the passenger be press into they seat like blade of grass as the breeze of the plane 's momentum move they towards flight . the main light in the cabin go out and the small glow of the aisle light lead we back to the cockpit . int . airplane cockpit - day whip man the stick as he squint he eye and try to keep the nose between the light of the runway . whip it 's like a video game , right ? whip laugh and turn to he copilot . evan be visibly nervous as he begin the take - off check ... evan airspeed 's alive , both side ... engine instrument be in the green ... 100 knot crosscheck ... the JR - 88 fishtail as the main gear begin to hydroplane . whip yep , nothing like a little 30 knot cross wind to exercise that sphincter muscle . Evans be jostle violently . 13. evan that 's wind shear ! a micro burst ! whip 's eye be focus on the end of the runway . the red threshold light be approach fast . the plane be not lift off . evan ( cont 'd ) less than a thousand foot to go ! whip snap at he . whip just watch my airspeed ! c.u . the airspeed indicator read 145 ... evan v1...and ... now the air speed indicator climb to 160 ... evan ( cont 'd ) ...rotate . whip pull back on the yoke , and ... the plane jerk up and we can hear the fuselage flex as we leave the ground . the plane be immediately buffete by severe turbulence . evan ( cont 'd ) that 's wind shear for sure ! whip yeehaw ! ride `em cowboy . int . passenger cabin - day the passenger be rattle like a bag of marble . int . cockpit - day the plane be lope up as the rain continue to pound the windshield . the ascent be very bumpy as the turbulent wind toss the plane side to side . copilot evan be communicate with Air traffic Control ... 14 . evan Orlando departure ... southjet 227 , climb out of 2500 for 5 thousand , runway head . atc ( on radio ) Roger southjet 227 . turn leave head one- seven -zero . climb , maintain niner thousand . evan Left to 170 . climb , maintain niner thousand . evan quickly dial the head and altitude into the auto - pilot . whip I do not want the auto-pilot . I be fly . atc ( on radio ) what 's you ride like , southjet 227 ? before evan can answer , whip jump on the radio . whip ah , departure , we have get some rough chop here . I would say moderate to ... whump !! the plane hit a severe bump ! evan 's headset turn sideways and he quickly rights it . whip choke back a nervous chuckle . whip ( cont 'd ) ( into he mic ) no , severe . definitely severe turbulence . no meal service today . AIR traffic control Roger that . whump !! once again the plane be violently rock . int . passenger cabin - day the passenger audibly howl as the roller coaster dip lift most of they stomach into they throat . a few overhead luggage bin fly open and bag and coat rain down . 15 . the three attendant calmly collect the luggage and stow it in the kitchen . they talk loudly for the benefit of the passenger . trina ( to a passenger ) this happen last week , always bumpy outta Orlando . right cam ? margaret grab the cabin mic and address the passenger . margaret lady and gentlemen , the captain have ask that until we clear this air you stay seat with you seat belt fastened . thank you . int . cockpit - day the plane rock and shutter . whip seem oblivious as he continue to serenade Evans . whip ( singing ) feelin ' alright - not feelin ' too good myself - feelin ' alright - not feelin ' too good myself ... whip be interrupt by Air traffic Control . atc ( on radio ) southjet 227 ... be advise there be a large convective cell four mile at you 11 o'clock . and another cell , 2 o'clock , 10 mile . both move rapidly . evan copy , Center . ( to whip ) do you get that ? whip gottit skippy . I be just tryin ' to get birdie here outta this wind bowl ... what do they clear we to ? evan we be clear to Flight level one - eight - thousand . 16 . the plane take another violent dip evan ' headset fly off . his tie and all the loose equipment and coffee cup be throw to the ground . whip goddamnit ! enough of this shit ! whip push the yoke forward . the plane pitch downward . evan what be you do !? whip level off . evan what !? whip point to the mfd screen . whip see that sliver of blue sit between that two ugly bastard ? c.u. mfd screen : a narrow line of blue be visible between the two monstrous convective cell . whip ( cont 'd ) that 's a little pocket of smooth air squatting right over Lake kissimmee ... evan nervously squint at the screen . whip ( cont 'd ) and we be gonna thread that fuck needle . turn I thirty degree right ! evan jump on the radio . evan ( into he mic ) Center . this be southjet 227 , we need to divert 30 degree right ... whip for weather . evan ( into he mic ) ... for weather . 17 . atc southjet 227 , this be jacksonville Center . 30 degree , right , approve . report back on course . evan report back on course . whip bank the plane to the right . suddenly -- the plane fall 200 foot in 2 second . a huge air pocket pull the rug out from under the JR - 88 . from the cockpit we can hear the passenger scream . evan hold on to he headset . evan ( cont 'd ) oh , Lord ! whip he can not help you now , brother . whip remain cool as he ride more bad air . the plane now bounce rapidly over a non-stop succession of speed bump . int . passenger cabin - day the passenger clutch each other as they rattle like bobble head doll ; it 's get worse . int . cockpit - day whip push the throttle and the 17 - year - old Jackson - ridgefield JR - 88 accelerate directly into a huge black cloud . he begin to dip the nose level to the ground . evan why be you leveling off , sir ? whip I would like to spend less time in this shitty air , Kenny . be that alright with you ? whip push the 17 - year - old Jackson - ridgefield JR - 88 directly into a huge black cloud . he begin to dip the nose towards the ground . evan we be approach maximum airspeed ! 18. whip Fucking right ! I be gonna need some speed to punch through this crap . int . passenger cabin - day the passenger howl in fear as the plane pitch forward . int . cockpit - day evan call out to whip ... evan you be over -speed ! whip not yet !! the airspeed indicator move from GREEN right up to the yellow line . whip bank the plane steeply to the right . from the cabin we hear the passenger scream ! now atc come on the radio ... atc ( on radio ) uh , southjet 227 , this be jacksonville Center . say altitude . whip tell `em we be climb . evan ( scared and lie badly ) Center ...uh ... southjet 227 be leave niner thousand ... for Flight level 180 . atc ( on radio ) southjet 227 , this be Center . you need to check you mode -c . you transponder indicate you be descend . evan look at whip -- panicked . whip you be useless Evans , shit ! ( key the radio ) 19 . Center . this be southjet 227 , we have encounter some bad air here . some pretty severe downdraft . we be in we climb now . atc ( on radio ) Roger . the shaking get incredibly violent . we hear scream from the cabin . Evans point to whip 's airspeed indicator . evan ( terrified ) look at you airspeed ! you be too fast for this rough air ! whip I be right on the line Kenny . right on the line . whip start to hum the Joe cocker song again as he crane he head up close to the windscreen -- look intently at the dark sky . whip ( cont 'd ) c'mon sweetheart , show I the sun . suddenly , we see a beam of light break through the black cloud -- 12 o'clock high . a God ray . whip ( cont would ) ( cont 'd ) finally , daylight . whip bank the plane hard , lift the nose -- point it directly at the crack in the darkness . he shove the throttles to full power . the plane be banking , rise and accelerate . int . passenger cabin - day the scream passenger go quiet with the strange new development . the shaking have ease from a 10 to a 5 . int . cockpit - day whip keep the plane climb steeply . the vertical speed indicator show we be ascend 2,000 foot per minute . the altimeter spin up past 12,000 ft . 20 . the murky grey outside become lighter and brighter , until suddenly , in a dramatic reveal ... we break through the cloud ! instantly the air become perfectly smooth . whip level off and maneuver between the two tower cloud wall -- smooth as silk . gliding over the fluffy white cloud and through the shimmer ray of the sun -- it feel like whip just fly the JR - 88 into heaven . a joyous cheer erupt from the passenger cabin whip pull the power back and switch on the auto-pilot . evan be cheery , almost giddy ... evan glad that 's over . whip , however , be very shaky and bead with sweat . whip how tall be we ? evan 16 thousand . that be incredible sir ... whip Ken , turn we north and take we home . you plane . evan look at he and nod . evan my plane . whip ( pick up the phone ) Margaret , I be come out . whip hang up , put on he pilot hat and exit the cockpit . ext . nicole's georgian garden apt front door -atlanta-day nicole have she key out as she hustle for she door . she look to find the door slightly open . she push it fully open to see fran , the building manager , stand in she live room hold she camera . he try to be casual ... 21 . fran where you be Nicole ? she be scared and piss by he invasion of she space . nicole fuck ! Fran ... get out . fran you be like a little ghost . I never know when you be here . nicole get the fuck out Fran ! she grab the full - body 35 mm camera from he . fran as the building manager I have a legal right to enter a apartment if I believe the occupant be unwell . especially if say occupant be not current on she rent . he take a slimy step towards she . she step away . nicole Fran , please just gimme a minute . get out . I have the rent . I will bring it down to you . just let I shower . fran you could just bring the check down now , use my shower . I get good water pressure . you know that ... fran lean against the door frame , try to strike a seductive pose . nicole smile and hold up she camera . nicole you be in the perfect light Fran . ( he smile , preen ) back up a little ... little more . fran step outside and on to the landing . int . nicole's apartment front door -- atlanta -- day nicole kick the door shut and lock it , escape fran who call through the door . 22. fran ( o.s. ) tricky tricky , girl . alright , so you shower up and come down . for real . we do not gotta talk about the check . hang out a lil bit ... nicole put she camera down gently on the table . nicole ( sotto ) in you fuck dream . she now fling she purse on the ground in frustration ... the content spill on to the carpet . amidst the flotsam we focus on yet another candy tin that spring open . nicole fix she stare at the hypodermic needle rest inside . int . cabin - galley - day whip exit the lavatory drying he hand with a towel . he look down the aisle to see trina far down the cabin . trina see whip , come back up the aisle and stand with she back to he watch the passenger . whip open a bottle of orange juice and take a big swig . he then pour half of it in the sink . whip place the open juice bottle on the liquor cart , reach up , and grab the cabin mic to address the passenger . whip folk , this be Captain whitaker . if you look up , I be here in the galley . I will wave to you . whip step into the aisle so the passenger can see he . whip wave with a calm smile that would put anyone at ease . whip ( cont 'd ) good Morning . I apologize for the bump , but Florida just do not seem to like we georgian . must be the beatin' the bulldog put on the gator last fall . titter of laughter from the passenger as whip move the half step he need to put himself behind the liquor cart . whip ( cont 'd ) stretch out and relax . the air might stay a little cranky so I be gonna ask that you sit tight if you can , with you seat belt fastened . 23. we now watch from behind whip as he free hand reach into the top drawer of the liquor cart and pull three small vodka bottle out . whip ( cont 'd ) we will not have beverage service but the girl will walk through with water and snack and I will have you in Atlanta in about 40 minute . thank you . whip put the mic to its hook . alone in the galley and out of view , he quickly empty the vodka into the orange juice bottle and replace the cap . whip shake the juice as he toss the little empty into the galley trash . whip take a healthy pull from the spike juice , down nearly half . whip knock on the cockpit door . margaret emerge and whip disappear in to the cockpit . int . nicole's apartment -- atlanta -- day frame photo on a bureau show : Christmas around the tree with Mom ( 30 ) and dad ( 33 ) and a girl who 's 8 and a boy who 's 5 . ( in the reflection of this photo we see a flame cooking heroin in a spoon . ) another photo depict a 8 year - old girl 's birthday party . ( in the reflection of this photo see wee Nicole tie off . ) a last photo show nicole ( 30 ) and she mom ( 54 ) . they be both wear kerchief . we can see that she mom be gaunt and have no hair under she kerchief . ( in the reflection of this photo we see the needle injected into she arm . ) a hypodermic needle be place in front of that picture . next to the photo be a small CD station that nicole tap to life and turn up . the open bar of Michael fitzpatrick 's " medication " begin to play . we pull wide to see nicole pull the bra from she arm that she use to tie off with . her face be pure happiness . clothes and a peach crate fill with camera equipment join a suitcase on its side that act as a coffee table . nicole pick up she camera and admire it before put it down . she pick up the cigarette she have stage pre dope fix and reach for the lighter . she laugh and hum , pull out gum , a brush ... she 's hold the brush when the first heavy wave of narcotic death wash over she . she lean back and use the wall for support . " medication " be hit its chorus ... 24 . nicole oh man ... she put she arm out at she side , euphoria . a slow , sloppy smile break across she face . she exhales slowly . she reach for the now burn cigarette when the second wave of heavy drug hit . nicole look up with fear . nicole ( cont would ) ( cont 'd ) oh no , oh no , oh no ... she reach for the little bag of coke that kip give she . next she grab she phone , flipping it open . as she try to dial it , she crumble to she knee . nicole somewhat control she fall to the ground , but she eye be fade . the little bag of coke fall from she finger . there 's no way to stem the tide of the oncoming overdose . nicole 's arm stretch out in a freeze reach as she body sink to the floor . on she back like a girl make angel in the snow as she eyelid flutter , she slip away . we hear a pound on the door . fran be on the other side ... fran ( o.s. ) open up , Nicole ! I can smell that shit cooking ! open up! Nicole . Nicole ! int . cockpit - day whip be now pass out in the seat next to evan . he have two approach plate ( chart ) fold and tuck between he sunglass and eye , create a makeshift sleep mask . his lower jaw hang open as he head bob in deep sleep . Margaret lean in through the cockpit door talk to Evans . margaret how long have sleep beauty be out ? evan maintain a military posture as he monitor the plane 's progress . the flight be smooth and the sky appear clear . evan ( look at he watch ) 26 minute . we be go to start descend any second now . margaret well , I guess you will need to wake ... 25 . the radio interrupt ... atc southjet 227 , Atlanta Center . descend and maintain Flight level 30 thousand . evan descend and maintain 30 thousand . Evans dial 30,000 into the auto-pilot , but just as he roll the thumb switch to the " descend " position ... bang ! the plane suddenly pitch sideways instantly the autopilot 's shut - off sound . whip jolt awake and push up he sleep " shade . " whip the fuck be that ? Evans grab he yoke and pull . evan the stabilizer feel really stiff . whip do not force it . evan do , we hear a big mechanical SNAP . margaret ( refer to the noise ) that come from the back ! evan I have very little trim control sir . whip Margaret , get everybody strapped in tight . Margaret run to the PA , leave the cockpit door open . evan it 's pull right . hard ! whip shit ! it 's lock up , ease up on the trim do not ... 26 . bang ! the plane pitch down violently and begins a nose dive . evan ( panic ) I have no trim at all ! the instrument panel light up like a Christmas tree -- a warning horn blare . whip we lose we hydraulics ! whip pull on he headset and key he mic . whip ( cont 'd ) Center , this be southjet 227 , we have lose we hydraulics ... and , ah shit ! ( to evan ) power . pull back the power ! Evans pull the throttles to idle . whip ( cont 'd ) ( into he mic ) ...we lose hydraulics and look like ... also we horizontal stabilizer . atc southjet 227 , Atlanta Center . understand you have lose hydraulics and stabilizer ? whip ( to evan ) turn on the back - up pump ! Evans engage the emergency hydraulic pump . whip ( cont 'd ) ( into mic ) Center , that 's affirm . we be in a descent , a uncontrolled ... whoooaaaaa !!!! the plane start to bank to the right , whip put he hand against the wing - window to stay in he seat . evan grab he harness with both hand . the passenger shriek with terror . atc southjet 227 , do you wish to declare a emergency !? 27 . margaret stumble into the cockpit . margaret everyone 's belt in . be we go down ? the plane suddenly pitch up , begin to roll , and dive again . whip get belt in , everyone belt in . brace position ! margaret rush to the bench in the galley . whip grab he yoke and pull . the plane inch up . whip ( cont 'd ) I have get some control on my side ! my plane ! evan you plane . whip keep back pressure on he yoke . evan ( cont 'd ) it 's stiff as hell . we be pitching up . slow a bit . atc southjet 227 , say you condition . whip continue to give order to Evans . whip we need drag . throw out everything we have get . speed brake . gear ... ( key he mic ) uh , Center we be in a dive ... lose vertical control . atc southjet 227 , Roger . Evans deploy the landing gear and apply the speed brake . the wind roar as the gear door drop . the airframe shake and rumble violently . whip ( to evan ) ... there enough hydraulics to drop the gear ? 28 . evan gear 's down . I do not think hydraulics be the problem . whip throw out the flap . evan too fast for flap . whip we need to start dump fuel . Evans hesitates . whip ( cont 'd ) do it ! Evans quickly throw the " emrg fuel dump " switch . the airplane buck and drop violently -- a chorus of terrify scream erupt from the main cabin . whip pull on he yoke with all of he strength and the dive shallow out a bit . atc ( on radio ) southjet 227 , Atlanta Center . how do you hear ? whip ( key he mic ) Atlanta . this be southjet 227 . we be in a uncontrolled dive , descend out of ... shit I do not know ... evan ( call to whip ) 21 thousand ! whip ( into he mic ) ... 21 thousand . we be declare a emergency ! we be dump fuel ! we have a jamme stabilizer ... or something . we need a block of altitude to work the problem ... and a head to the nearest airport ! ( yell to Evans ) I be start to lose it ! the yoke pressure pull whip hard against he harness . 29 . atc southjet 227 . hartsfield -jackson International be 10 o'clock and 20 mile from you present position . maintain block altitude , Flight level 10 thousand through Flight level 20 thousand . turn leave head 260 . whip ( keys mic ) 260 ... we will do we best . ( to evan ) it 's get away from I ! I can not hold ... dump the flap ! evan we be still fast . the yoke be rip away from whip 's hand . whip do it ! 30 percent ! Evans dump in the flap . the JR - 88 slow dramatically and balloon up . whip ( cont 'd ) that buy we a little time . we need to revert to manual control . you side first , pul ... whip be interrupt by the radio . atc ( on radio ) southjet 227 , Atlanta . fuel dump be approve . whip ( keys mic ) thank you . Evans be confuse and panicked , he throw he hand up . whip ( cont 'd ) Evans , look at I ! manual reversion . Red lever , on the floor , far side of the console . Evans see it . evan I get it . 30 . whip pull it up , turn it clockwise , push it back down . Evans do exactly that , then pull back on he yoke -- nothing ! evan nothing ! no control ! whip goddamn it !! once again , the plane pitch into a dive . whip strain to hold on . whip ( cont 'd ) I can not let go ! can you reach mine ? Evans strain to reach whip 's reversion pull - handle -- but can not . evan I can not reach it . Evans move to release he harness , but whip stop he . whip no ! do not ! stay strapped in ! ( call over he shoulder ) Margaret ! Margaret ! Margaret tumble into the cockpit , catch herself on whip 's chair . she 's cry . margaret oh God , whip . what 's happen ?! whip get strapped into the jump -seat . I need you help . Margaret open the jump -seat and start to pull on she harness . throughout the scene she be struggle with she harness . whip ( cont 'd ) Margaret , see that red lever on the floor next to my chair ? the one that say , manual Control ? margaret yes . 31 . whip on the count of three you pull it up , turn it clockwise , then push it back down . ok ? you ready ? with tear stream down she cheek , she give whip a brave nod . whip ( cont 'd ) here we go . one , two ... whip release back pressure from he yoke , push it forward -- the plane nose downward 20 degree ! whip ( cont 'd ) ... three ! more terrified shriek come from the back . Margaret quickly disengage then re-engages the large red handle . whip pull back on he yoke . the plane pitch up . whip ( cont 'd ) ok. ok . we get something . it 's still stiff as hell . Evans , put in some power ! Evans push up the throttles . whip gingerly apply pressure to he stick . his face fill with worry . whip ( cont 'd ) I do not know . it feel like the son of a bitch want to nose over . then suddenly ... whap ! whip 's yoke fly out of he hand and slam forward ! the plane bank right and drop ! Margaret scream ! whip ( cont 'd ) shit ! power back ! ( he pull back the power ) I can't fucking believe this ! evan oh no ! now , atc come on the radio ... atc southjet 227 , hartsfield - Jackson be eleven o'clock and niner mile . I see you below 10,000 . how be you do ? 32 . whip ( key he mic ) not good . you get anything closer ? we be in a rapid dive here ... atc Roger , southjet 227 . uh ... Clayton County be 2 mile at you 4 o'clock . whip negative . we be too high ... we can not pitch for glide . we have no stabilizer control . atc copy , southjet 227 . the plane continue to drop , increase its nose - down attitude and speed . whip push both of he foot forward , stretch he body to get leverage as we can see he pull on the yoke , try to get the plane out of the dive it 's in . Evans be start to lose it . evan oh Lord , we be descend at 4,700 foot per minute , out of 7,000 . I see nothing but house ! whip ok ! here 's what we be go to do ! ( to evan ) when I say , you retract the gear , retract the flap and trim both aileron . but every thing gonna be opposite , so be sure to trim down . Margaret ... evan trim down ?! what be you gonna do ?! whip take Margaret 's hand and put it on the throttle lever . whip when I ask for power , push both of this forward . get it ? ( margaret nods ) what 's you son 's name ? 33. margaret trevor . whip say " I love you trevor . " evan you mean trim up ?! right ? you want I to trim up ? margaret why ? whip the black box . margaret I love you trevor . be a good boy . mommy love you . evan what be we do ?! why would I trim down ?! whip we be gonna roll it . ready ? here we go . I have get control . evan ( terrified ) what ! what do you mean , roll it ?!! whip just a little barrel roll . do not panic . relax . let it roll . whip 's body be fully extend as he pull back on the yoke and turn into a steep bank . whip ( cont 'd ) evan , flap ! evan flap up ! whip margaret full power ! evan , trim US ! gear up ! the g-force of the roll press Evans away from the console . evan I can't reach the gear ! 34 . whip Margaret ! can you reach it ? Margaret bend forward and pull the lever . whip ( cont 'd ) what' our altitude ? evan 3,000 ... I think . whip let it roll . I get it ! whip quickly retract the speed brake , then push he yoke full forward ! the clumsy liner do a slow , ungraceful roll . int . plane cabin - same we watch as the passengers scream as the plane roll over and they be suspend upside down . ext . sky over atlanta - same the JR - 88 finish its barrel - roll , skim over suburban rooftop and tree . a cloud - trail of jet-a spewing from its wing . as the inverted plane roar overhead the camera pan to find - nicole be rush out of she apartment on a stretcher . the two paramedics and Fran ( the landlord ) instinctively duck as the jet scream over . fran ( at the sight of the jet ) Jesus Christ ! what the fuck !? int . flight deck - same the plane be completely inverted !! thru the windscreen -- the plane level off -- it's inverted nose rise to meet the horizon . evan hang in he harness strap as dust and smoke swirl around he . the invert wing make a eerie whistling SOUND as the plane shudder violently side - to-side . 35 . evan oh Lord Jesus ! we be invert ! whip reach over and pull the throttles back . he suddenly seem strangely calm , comfortable with he fate ... whip we be level . we can maintain altitude like this . MAIN cabin -- we watch over trina's shoulder as she hang trina struggle to stay in she seat as she look at the passenger hang . she watch as a young boy lose he grip and flop to the ground . trina unhook and flop to the ground . we follow she as she run on the ceiling of the cabin towards the boy . she get there and start lift he towards he father . cockpit -- same time the atc voice now play loudly through the entire cockpit . atc southjet 227 , Atlanta Center . I see you position 4 and a half mile southeast of the airport . descend out of 1,800 . be you ok ? it take whip a second to find the mic key on he invert yoke ... whip uh , Atlanta ... we be invert . there 's a very pregnant pause ... atc uh , southjet 227 ... say again sir . do you say invert ? evan seem calm by whip be workaday attitude about they insane tragedy . but suddenly ... warning light begin flashing ! evan we're losing oil pressure ! pump failure . both engine ! 36 . we hear a horrible , metallic grinding SOUND as the engine become oil - deprive . whip we be fly ! whoop , whoop , whoop ! -- the engine FIRE alarm sound ! evan FIRE in the left engine ! whip put it out ! Evans pull the Fire bottle handle . whip bark at air traffic control . whip ( cont 'd ) ( into he mic ) how far' the airport !? atc 227 , three mile , and one o'clock . whip ( into he mic ) we be not gonna make that ! whip' Pov -- thru the inverted windscreen -- a small white church on a hill -- 100 yard past the church be a soy bean field and a two - lane blacktop . whip ( cont 'd ) ( into he mic ) there 's a field and a road ah ... we be gonna put it down in that field . atc Roger , southjet 227 . back to action -- close on whip -- he calmly fight on . evan be breathe heavy as he face be bett red from the blood rush to it . evan we're losing the left engine ! 37 . whip we're coming back over ! evan , when I start the roll , throw everything back out ! the nerve -wracking alarm continue to SOUND ! evan FIRE in the right ! Evans deploy the right engine Fire bottle . whip' Pov -- we're head toward the church -- whip ( into he mic ) what' my altitude !? atc ( on radio ) eight hundred , descend ... a new alarm scream ! evan we lost the left engine ! whip we have enough speed to fly ! evan we're losing power in the right ! whip here we go ! whip pull hard on he yoke -- the plane slip sideways as it start to right itself . whip yank back the throttles ! whip ( cont 'd ) flap full ! gear down ! Evans and whip deploy every bit of drag they can think of . atc southjet 227 , altitude 500 indicate , descend . do you concur ? we follow whip 's eye line that take we off the control panel and to the windshield . through the windshield we see -- the landscape and the church steeple get closer and closer . 38 . the plane do a clumsy roll to the right -- and get stuck perfectly on its side ! whip margaret , power !!!! evan push the power to full thrust and the plane finishes its roll ! the passengers howl ! int . MAIN cabin -- galley -- same time trina be still struggle to strap herself in to she jumpseat . the plane roll ! she see camelia ... p.o.v . -- camelia be toss across a row of scream passenger . trina lose she grip and be violently throw against the galley wall ! like a rag doll , camelia be hurl down the cabin aisle as the plane plummet ! trina slide across the galley floor and crack she head on the jumpseat . int . cockpit -- same time whip frantically spin the trim wheel ! thru the windscreen -- the church spire be coming right at US -- boom ! -- the right wing clip the steeple , shear off the cross ! we hear a horrific , metallic grinding -- follow by a terrifying silence -- right engine stop . evan we lost all power ! a unnerve quiet descend over the passenger cabin . the only SOUND be the wind rushing past the air-frame . close on whip -- whip ( to himself , incredulous ) be we glide ? 39 . through the windscreen -- we're dropping rapidly toward the ground -- a group of people gathere near a pond in the churchyard scatter -- some be wear long white robe . close on whip -- whip ( cont 'd ) we're in a glide ! pitch for glide ! evan ( o.s. ) oh god. close on the yoke -- whip pull with all he might -- whip trim it ! close on the trim wheel -- whip spin it " trim up " -- whip ( cont 'd ) pitch for glide ! through the windscreen -- the bean field rush up at US ... close on whip -- whip ( cont 'd ) brace ! brace for impac ... all SOUND fade away as the screen bleed hot white -- overexposed . in graphic slow -motion -- the instrument panel crumple and collapse around whip -- and in a final , ironic , cosmic gesture -- whip' control yoke hurdle toward he -- impacting he between the eye -- CUT to black : now we hear -- shout , scream -- a woman sobbing . fade in : whip' Pov -- we see whip 's lower torso be pull from the wreckage -- there be swirl smoke and dust , SMALL fire -- 40 . Evans strapped in he chair , bleed -- Margaret sob uncontrollably -- fade out . fade in : ext . crash site -- slow motion - hillside -- day whip 's be pull up a grassy hillside . in the distance whip can see the shattered airplane lie in a crater . fire smoulder around the impact zone . passenger be join by first responder as they frantically carry , drag and walk the injure and the dead from the plane . whip see a fire truck fly by he , down the grassy slope towards the burn plane . fade out . fade in : whip' Pov -- looking up at the sky -- we see black , oily smoke billow across the shattered church steeple -- we glimpse people rush past , some be wear white flow robe -- we hear distant siren approaching and people praying -- fade out . fade in : a loud siren scream -- whip' Pov -- looking up at the ceiling of a ambulance -- two emt be urgently attend to he -- fade out . fade in : 41 . whip' Pov -- night a halogen overhead light and a air-condition vent -- brown -stain acoustic ceiling tile -- we hear the rhythmic beep of a heart monitor -- int . hospital room -- night whip 's eye open to see the halogen overhead light of a hospital room . he turn he head slightly to see the flicker of a tv with no sound . television -- news - no SOUND -- grainy cell phone footage a news show run a loop of eye witness cell phone footage of the plane turn over and crash belly down . a man who have be watch the tv turn to see that whip be awake . the man turn off the tv , get up and approach whip 's bedside . whip know he . whip Charlie Anderson . charlie anderson be a late 50 's former military pilot who carry that familiar air of Texas comfort and entitlement . charlie how you feelin ' whip ? initial report look like you pull some move up there , kid . you save a lot of life . whip be move by the first realization of survival . whip how many ? charlie move close to deliver the news . charlie 102 soul on board include the flight crew , and 96 of they survive the crash . six people die . 2 crew , 4 passenger . whip 4 passenger . be the rest badly hurt ? who would we lose on the crew ? a nurse enter the room . charlie nod to she . 42 . charlie listen , protocol be the ntsb have to make the first contact with you and the agent be here . let I go get he . charlie duck out of the room . whip be alone and still get he bearing . he go to scratch he head and catch sight of he leave hand . it 's swollen and sore -- he wrist be bandage with a splint-brace . he now look at both of he hand in wonder . whip hear a muffle conversation that get clearer as do the image of many people enter the room . a police officer accompany a doctor and two ntsb agent . a ntsb agent hold a small voice recorder towards whip . ntsb officer # 1 Captain William whitaker ? nod if you can hear I and understand I . ( whip nods ) I be Craig matson from the ntsb and I be require as the lead on the go team to make a initial contact with you after a major incident like the one you have today . whip nod as he sense be get sharper . ntsb officer # 1 ( cont 'd ) you be in a hospital in South Atlanta . be you aware that you be piloting a plane that go down ? ( whip nods ) I have a doctor here who can explain you medical situation . whip offer a " thumb up " gesture . the doctor step in . doctor I be Doctor kenan and the good news be that you be in good condition . you do suffer a concussion which be the reason you have a bit of blurred vision and a headache . you have numerous laceration around you leave eye . we be go to leave the patch on for a few day as a precaution . but it seem you eye be ok . mri 's show strain tendon in you leave knee and ankle but you do not break any bone . 43. you have some deep bruise in you leave thigh and you have a few tear ligament in you leave wrist . nothing serious . so as soon as we clear you from the concussion , and you feel well enough -- you can go home . that could be a day , could be 3 day . okay ? whip quietly nod . the doctor leave and whip begin to study he body . his leave leg be wrap , he leave wrist have a splint- brace -- ntsb officer # 1 I will not ask too much of you tonight , but as I say , the ntsb be require to make initial contact . how much do you remember about the flight ? whip look at the ntsb officer and slowly speak . whip I remember everything until the crash . whip 's voice be fail he as he throat be sore and dry . ntsb officer # 1 okay Mr. whitaker , that 's fine . I be require to inform you that this incident do result in the loss of life . ( check a index card ) the most current information state that of the 102 soul on board we lose 6 . 2 crew member and 4 passenger . 59 people be treat and release . 37 people remain in the hospital and 3 of that case be list as critical . whip who on the crew die ? ntsb officer # 1 two flight attendant ; ( check a note card ) camelia satou and katerina Marquez whip try to exhale as the loss of trina sink in . 44 . ntsb offcier # 1 the rep from you Pilot 's Union , Mr. Anderson , will act as we contact for you . it 's important to follow you Union 's guidance on press and media . the pilot 's union work closely with the ntsb . so , I be gonna head out . good luck Mr. whitaker . whip nod as the ntsb officer leave with the police and other official in tow . charlie return to whip 's side . whip I know trina Marquez . we spend some time together . charlie apparently she be not strapped in . a survivor report that she be assist a kid . charlie try to put a reassure hand on whip 's shoulder . whip how 's Margaret thomason ? charlie ( check he note ) Broken collar bone , cut , bang up , but she 's okay . she 's here too . Ken Evans you copilot take a bad shot to the head . they be keepin ' he in a coma to let the brain swell go down . he 's list as critical , but we feel good about he . he 's gonna be okay . whip let that information land as he head be swirl . whip Charlie , why be you here ? charlie I be fly a desk now . I be a regional rep for the iap . whip you be the rep for the pilot ' union ? 45 . charlie I be one of a few union rep for the southeast . when you plane go down all the rep get a page and since I know you I shot my hand up and say I want to come and be the first face you would see . whip I be glad it 's you . whip start to weep as he need to begin the long process of express this trauma . charlie it 's good to see you too , cowboy . you be gonna be okay . we be gonna take care of you . that 's my job . whip nod as he wipe he eye on he heavily bandage hand . charlie ( cont 'd ) the union will put out a statement on you behalf . condolence to the family who lose love one and gratitude to the brave man and woman on the flight crew . ( whip nods ) and I know you and deana have be divorced for a while but maybe she and you son ...? whip yeah , knuckle . charlie yeah , how old 's he now ? whip 15 . charlie wow , you be not even marry when we fly for Delta . we be dinosaur , whip . do you want I to reach out to deana and see if she and will want to come ? any family you want here , we will get they here , stat . whip think about he long since fracture family ... whip no , I will call she . 46 . charlie speak of which , I have you phone and some of you personal effect from the plane . charlie have a zip - lock bag with he phone , key , sunglass and wallet . whip look at they , odd to see they encase in plastic . charlie ( cont 'd ) you clothes be toast . do you need I to get you some stuff ? whip no , I be okay . I will take care of it . charlie I be gonna head out , let you get some rest . I be come back . you will see plenty of I . charlie hand whip he card . whip thanks Charlie , I really ... ( whip begin to crack ) it mean a lot to I that you come . charlie okay . get some rest now . whip Charlie , that plane be fuck . charlie I know . the way you land that plane be nothing short of a miracle . whip nod try to pull it together . charlie pat whip 's shoulder before he leave . whip sit up and pull he phone from the plastic bag . dial , wait ... whip harling ... harling ... yeah , it 's whip . I be in a hospital in South Atlanta ... what ? you know where I be ? okay well fuck ... yeah , I be okay . what ? well , I be look to get outta here ... hopefully tomorrow . yeah . but , listen , I need you to bring I something to wear . 47 . I do not know -- clothes -- and smoke , I really need smoke . tee shirt , sweat pants .... harling ? I will put you on the visit list . yeah ... and smoke . just be low key , no fuck around , harling . cigarettes . okay ? I need cigarettes . yeah . good . whip close he eye and exhales . he now stare at the foot of the bed for a long , long moment . whip squeeze he eye shut tight -- hold back tear . then quietly , as if whisper a prayer ... whip ( cont 'd ) goddamn it ... int . hospital -- elevator door -- morning the Stones " Sympathy for the Devil " kick up as we wait ... the door split open and harling may step out . harling have a pony tail and a goatee and be probably wear a Tommy bahama button down shirt . we follow harling as he stride down the hall . with ear bud in , harling point a sanyo pistol - shape cam corder at the attending nurse at the nurse ' station , recording she ... harling may I be on the list baby girl . check the list for Mr. may . harling . the Stones continue to wail as harling stroll on , adjust the duffel bag he have sling over he shoulder . ext . hospital room -- moment later harling stand in the doorway look in . he see ... the morning nurse be help whip to stand . harling point he camcorder at whip and the nurse . harling may ( o.c . ) if this be gonna turn into a sponge bath , I will come back . nurse sir - harling immediately go to whip and support he . 48 . whip it 's okay , harling . harling may that 's right honey , I be on the list . harling may . some say they harling know I . harling box she out . she step away . harling may ( cont 'd ) honey can you hustle we a couple of daiquiris and a cocktail weenie ? on second think just bring the booze . I bring my own weenie . no reaction as the nurse collect the trash and towel . harling focus he camcorder on the nurse and leave whip in a unsteady stance . harling film she and comment ... harling may ( cont 'd ) she 's offended , and she should be . I be a pig . and I hate I . that 's what we have in common nurse ratched ... we both hate I . and she 's go . harling turn to whip . harling may ( cont 'd ) whip ? what the fuck my man ? they be sayin ' , " sweet Jesus , what a fuckin ' stud that pilot be . " you be a hero , no shit . you will never pay for another drink in this life time . there be crazy news people all over , look at this shit -- harling help whip to the window ... ext . hospital room -- parking lot -- day from whip 's window we can see a slew of news van with signal tower as well as reporter milling about -- a small zoo . int . hospital room -- day harling and whip stare for a moment at the circus below . whip do not last long and slowly return to the bed as harling continue to gawk . 49 . harling may classic hero worship , you be a rock star man . you gotta see the video I have get -- I be make a doc about you , well we , y'know ? harling pull a iPad out of he knapsack and flip it open . he let a collection of video run ... harling may ( cont 'd ) this be outside you condo ... on harling 's iPad we see footage of PRESS swarm outside whip 's condo . we also see the crash scene footage . harling may ( cont 'd ) look that 's I , and that`s Mark Mellon ... you know that douchey talk haircut from local Atlanta channel 3 ? I say a few word . just straight talk , y'know ? whip 's hand shake as he grab the bed frame . harling take notice and stashes the iPad ... harling may ( cont 'd ) you okay Captain whitaker ? easy ... harling help he get settle . we see the bead of sweat on whip 's lip and forehead . whip the med they be give I be fuck I up -- I be all shaky and dry out . I can not sleep good . harling immediately pick up the small paper cup that hold whip 's pain med . he fish out the two pill and stare at they . harling shake he head . harling may aprazolam ? that 's generic xanax and this hydrocodone be generic vicodin . it 's shit , probably canadian . harling casually toss the pill down he gullet and expertly swallow they without water . he grab whip 's medical chart and scour it as he prattles on ... harling may ( cont 'd ) we want the premium stuff . Blue label ... not the fuck well shit . where 's the dihydromorphinone ? 50 . or just some fuck palladone would suffice . what be this ? Fucking amateur hour over here ? get that goddamn doctor in here . you just save a 100 people from death , they should get you fuckin ' med right . ( call to the door ) yo ! room service ! whip listen harling , leave it alone . ( harling chill ) so you get my message and decide not to call I back ? do you bring I smoke ? harling may I decide to come by instead . and yes I get you fuck message and yes I bring you smoke . harling hand whip a pack of smoke from he pocket . he also pull out a carton of smoke from he backpack . harling may ( cont 'd ) here be a fresh carton , enjoy . you fuck earn it -- you smoke you nut off , champion . if I be you I would fire up right here in the God damn room . fuck'em , you be immortal , you be a fuck God man . whip harling ... whip motion with he hand to " calm down . " harling may sorry whip . it 's just ... this be big time , man . you be a hero in a time when we really need heroes . whip shut the fuck up , harling ... six people die . harling may 96 people live ! when be you gonna take yes for a answer ? pick up the phone , man . fuck . harling pull something from he vest pocket and put it in whip be hand . whip look at it and back at harling . 51 . harling may ( cont 'd ) here 's a pint of smirnoff and a few Red bull . you know what I be sayin ' ? I know my customer . harling continue to pull item from the bag . whip harling , take the vodka with you . harling freeze he frenzied energy with this odd command . harling may what ?! take the vodka ? dude , be you insane ? I be gonna just tuck it in the bottom of you - whip take the fuck vodka ! harling hear he this time and raise he hand and nod , put the vodka back in he own duffel . harling toss a tee shirt , sweat pants and flip - flop on the bed , then ... harling may okay man . check it out . harling hold up a silk japanese happi coat , with elaborate stitching depict colorful bird fly around mt. fuji. whip look , I be tired man . harling may I be out . you rest up . whip you gotta come and get I , tomorrow . whip pull he key from the bag that charlie give he . whip ( cont 'd ) here be my key . go to the condo and bring I some nice clothes I can wear , my phone charge and grab the veal outta my fridge . it 's mark . harling may the veal ? 52 . whip yeah , the veal that 's in my freezer . harling may done and do . what time you need I here ? whip tomorrow . I will call you . harling may send the mayday and you be outta here in 7 minute . ( a smile ) I get you a few stroke mag too . I have be in hospital . I know what you need . jugs , hot milf in heat . assmaster . you should just stroke it all day . you be a hero -- know what I be say ? if I be in here I would be jerkin ' it all day long . see , there 's a smile . harling put he hand on whip 's forehead in a attempt to reassure he . a quiet moment before harling slip out . int . hospital room -- 11 pm -- same evening whip wake up in a cold sweat . he be breathe heavy as he scan the room . lightening flash from outside the window . Thunder rumble . whip look to the night stand where we see a pack of nicotine gum have be chew through . whip use he hand to get to the edge of the bed . he root through the duffle bag that harling leave and find a pack of smoke and a bic lighter still in its package . determined to smoke , whip eye a wheel chair that have be place next to he bed . lean against the wheelchair be a medical cane . int . hospital -- quiet hallway -- moment later wearing he happi coat ( or robe ) , whip limp in to the empty hallway with the use of he cane . he check the quiet corridor as he begin he quest ... 53. int . hospital -- FIRE door -- 11:38 pm the door swing open , and no one appear to be on the other side . now whip fight to push the heavy door open again to slip through . a hand grab the door and hold it . whip walk into the sanctity of the stairwell . int . hospital stairwell -- same time we find the owner of the help hand be nicole who return to a quiet spot along the wall of the stairwell as she demurely smoke a cigarette . whip thank you . whip lean he cane against the wall and carefully pull a pack of smoke from he pocket . whip ( cont 'd ) I do not think anyone would have the same devious think about use the fire stair to have a smoke ... nicole smile and look down , awkward around man when she be not load . she drop she cigarette which we see be barely smoke as she maneuver to leave . whip ( cont 'd ) do not go . I will be quiet . he offer she a cigarette , she take it . whip ( cont 'd ) we do not have to talk . be nice to just smoke with someone . and they do . they sit in silence as the stairwell fill up with smoke . after a long beat ... nicole be you on the plane ? whip study she , she 's beautiful in a exhaust way ... whip yeah , I be . be you ? Nicole shake she head . nicole where be you sit ? 54 . whip up near the front . again it fall silent as we let they smoke and think in the sanctity of the fire stair . a voice break they silence . voice ( o.s. ) tobacco 's but a indian weed , grow green in the morn , cut down at eve ; it show we decay , we be but clay ; ... I love the smell of nicotina in the morning . smell like ... victory . we hear a metallic rattle and whip and nicole look to the stair . voice ( cont 'd ) do not flee dear comrade ! really , wait for I , please . a gaunt young man make he way to they landing . he be dress in a hospital gown and carry a i.v. pole on which hang a small bag of clear liquid . the man 's hair have completely leave he . his skin be gray . eye hollow from he battle with cancer . gaunt young man can I bum a smoke ? whip offer he a cigarette . he take it and fire it up with a lighter he keep stow in the pocket of he gown . gaunt young man ( cont 'd ) I should quit , my cancer might get cancer . ( silence ) joke . you guy in the plane crash ? nicole he be . whip look at the ground as the gaunt young man study he . gaunt young man ( it hit he ) you be the fuck pilot . Nicole give whip a look . 55 . gaunt young man ( cont 'd ) I see you on tv . Holy shit , man . tough deal , but you walk away or it look like you limped away . whip yeah , I be lucky . goin ' home tomorrow . gaunt young man Home . Home for I be the basement , they keep cancer treatment in the basement . I be livin ' here . whip you be live here ? gaunt young man no. I be die here . whip what kind of cancer ? gaunt young man fibro-mixzoid sarcoma , soft tissue sarcoma . very rare , God choose I . gaunt young man laugh . whip God choose you ? you believe in God ? gaunt young man fuck yeah bitch . you be a stupid fucker if you do not believe in God . the GOD topic have silence the stairwell ... gaunt young man ( cont 'd ) as soon as you realize that the random event in you life be God ... you will live a much better life . you spend you life believe that you have all the control over what happen . bullshit . the plane you be fly go down ? out of you control . God give you cancer . I have no control over that . do God give I cancer ? you bet you ass God give I cancer . you think if I begge for cancer God would have give it to I ? 56 . no ... because I assure you I have begge for God to take it away - and guess what ? I have no control over that . gaunt young man smoke the cig to the nub and rub the remain against the smooth concrete wall . gaunt young man ( cont 'd ) can I get another smoke ? what 's wrong with you honey ? you be beautiful , do you know that ? do I scare you ? people either have to pretend they do not see I or they be draw to I . it 's funny because people see I as be close to the other side -- they feel like I have power or wisdom . they think I have the answer . who know ? maybe I do . death give you perspective . I live my life so indecisive , in a haze . but now that I be die everything be so clear . it all make sense somehow . I be sorry but I can not get over how beautiful you be ? look at you arm , you a addict ? nicole look at he . she nod . gaunt young man ( cont 'd ) what 's you name ? nicole Nicole . gaunt young man what do you do in the world Nicole ? she laugh , what a question . nicole not much . I be a photographer and then I be a masseuse and I wash hair at a salon sometimes . gaunt young man where be it ? I will come by , I be easy , you can wash my head . ( she smile ) do you think you be gonna die ? nicole laugh to keep from weep . 57 . gaunt young man ( cont 'd ) you be not . you be not gonna die . the man watch as nicole quietly cry , it 's powerful . gaunt young man ( cont 'd ) do not you love she ? whip I do not know she . gaunt young man bullshit , I do . random act of God ? do not think so . survive a plane crash to meet a gorgeous girl in a stairwell . fuck you man . ( he reflect , then ... ) I be sure they be look for I . my family just show up from Utah . you know it 's bad when they start fly in . every morning be special now , I be so grateful . it 's a trip , wish I could bottle this feel I have ... about how beautiful every breath of life be .. gaunt young man start laugh . whip join he . gaunt young man ( cont 'd ) can I get a smoke for the road ? whip here 's a pack . gaunt young man thank you , I will pass they out in the cancer ward . take care Nicole , you be gonna be okay . the gaunt young man leave , clanging away with he i.v. pole . nicole wipe away she tear , we see she hospital bracelet as well as she track mark . nicole chemo brain . chemo make you pretty foggy . whip yeah ? 58 . nicole they call it chemo brain , my mom use to slur she word and get all chatty . whip you mom have cancer . nicole breast cancer , she be only 54 . it 's quiet . whip but why would that guy ask you if you be gonna die ? nicole I dunno . I flat - line twice in the ambulance . heroin addict who use needle tend to die . especially woman for some reason . whip be that right ? nicole I have a pamphlet to prove it . a girl from aa just come to see I -- ( it's quiet ) that guy be a trip . he make it feel like , I dunno ... we be the last people leave on the planet .. ( drop she smoke ) ... and together we should save the world . nicole step on she cigarette and put the nub in she pocket . she begin to leave . whip stop she . whip well , where should we live ? if we be gonna save the world , where should we do that ? nicole laugh . whip ( cont 'd ) what ? nicole you do not want I . whip laugh . 59 . nicole ( cont 'd ) what ? whip you do not want I either . nicole 's laugh taper off as she sense he honesty . whip ( cont 'd ) where do you live ? nicole why you wanna come visit ? it 's luxurious . ( silence between they ) I live in bankhead , it 's south Atlanta , near the bus station . whip the luxurious bus station ? nicole yeah . whip I will come visit you . nicole you be sweet . whip I will . what 's you address ? she measure he . nicole I live at the georgian garden on Taylor street . whip georgian garden ? nicole yeah . whip how long be you stay here ? nicole try to stay as long as I can but I do not have insurance to cover rehab . I will probably be out tomorrow . 60 . whip oh. okay . and you be a masseuse ? nicole yeah . whip what kind of masseuse ? nicole I have be every kind of masseuse there be . there be strong tension between they . a orderly bust through the down the stair . this break they stare . whip good luck Nicole . nicole you too . whip leave nicole where he find she . ext . ST . francis regional medical hospital - loading dock -day whip be wheeled out of a service exit by a orderly who also hold the duffle bag of whip 's stuff around he neck . whip no longer wear the eye patch but have a butterfly bandage over he leave eye brow . harling jump out of he 2001 cadillac sts and immediately take over , grab the duffel bag . whip thanks Mike . the orderly try to hand whip a medical file . harling snatch it . harling may yeah , thanks Mike . ( harling tip he ) here 's 20 american . orderly mike thanks . good luck , sir . harling hug whip who hang on tight . the orderly spin the chair around and head back inside . harling use he key fob to remotely pop the trunk and stow whip 's duffel . 61 . harling may this be how they get the Stones out of madison Square Garden , man . 4 smoke black limo fly outta the VIP driveway and the fan jump on the limo ... mayhem . that limo ? empty . meanwhile , Mick and the boy go out the service exit into delivery van -- casual , rock star type shit . harling help he into the front seat and they pull away . the Stones , " gimme shelter " start to play ... 53 as they drive off , we see media mayhem collect in front of 53 the hospital . truck with tower , cameramen , stringer and newscaster add to catering truck and coffee stand as the vulture wait for the carrion of sound byte and footage of survivor . int . harling's caddy -- day whip watch through the rear window -- the " media Circus " disappear as the caddy round a corner . the back seat be pile with whip 's clothes , most of they still on hanger . harling light a cigarette and hand one to whip who take it . harling may I could not find any suitcase so I just put you shit in grocery bag . harling pull a cold beck from a cooler on the floor of the back seat and use a bottle opener that 's be screw to the dash of he car next to the radio to open the beer . he offer the beer to whip who wave it off . harling gladly keep it for himself ... " gimme shelter " continue to play ... harling may ( cont 'd ) so you be stayin ' with I down on University , right ? it 's nice . a lotta young people ... good vibe . harling toss whip a freezer bag mark : " veal " -- whip begin to open it . whip no . I be gonna go to the farm . harling may the fuck farm ? 62 . whip my dad 's place . I can not stay at my condo . harling may I think you sell that fuck place . whip not yet . harling may I be not sure I wanna stay at the farm . whip you be not . just take I to the airport to get my car . whip finish open the freezer bag -- it 's full of cash . harling start to laugh ... harling may 58 veal ? really ? do not you know the 58 first place every two - bit thief look be in the freezer ? ext . atlanta rural suburban road - whip be farm - day whip 's buick turn off the blacktop past a small weathered billboard : whitaker crop dusting . also a real estate " for sale " sign be post in front . ext . whitaker farm -- driveway -- day whip pull into a long , dirt driveway that approach a one - story farm house . he get out of the car . with he cane in one hand , he use he free hand to toss the grocery bag close to the step and head inside . int . whitaker farm -- live room - day whip amble in and we see the interior of the house bear the fade patina of a proud american family . we see photo -- whip in he naval flyer uniform . a group military photo -- a squadron of naval flier on a carrier . whip 's parent next to the farm house . whip 's father stand next to whip who be hold he infant son . 63. int . whitaker farm -- live room -- desk area - day whip empty he pocket onto the desk top . his key , wallet and he cell phone be place next to a old rotary phone attach to a old answer machine . whip plug in he cell phone charge , dial in for he message and put it in " speaker mode " as we hear ... cell phone you have 127 message . ( a beep ) message one ... " Captain whitaker , this be Jim Court I be with CNN . we would like to schedule a interview ... " ( he delete that message ) message two ... " this be NBC affiliate kgat in athen we be look to contact William J. whitaker for ... " ( he delete and move on ) message three ... " Captain whitaker , this be Karen James , media relation with the pilot ' union ... " whip again delete the message and decide to just shut the phone down . he continue to empty he pocket . in he jacket pocket he find a prescription bottle of pain pill . whip hold it up , open it and pour a few out in he hand . int . whitaker farm -- bathroom -- moment later whip pour the pain pill into the toilet . he then open the medicine cabinet and start to empty all of the bottle into the toilet . int . whitaker farm -- kitchen -- moment later whip go to the collection of liquor bottle next to the sink that act as a makeshift bar . he pick up a bottle of vodka . he unscrew the cap and sniff the content . he slowly tip the bottle and pour it into the sink . whip open the refrigerator and remove a assortment of beer . he pop they open and pour they in the sink . the faucet run to offset the pungent smell . 64 . int . bedroom -- moment later whip open a dresser drawer and find a couple of zip - lock bag of " bud " hide under the sock . int . bathroom -- moment later whip dump the weed into the toilet and flush it . int . live room -- moment later a cigarette dangle from whip 's mouth as he ferret around the room , show the focus and determination of a serial killer clean he kill site . he find roll papers , roach , more liquor and weed -- he reach into the Shell bag that 's hang next to the shotgun rack and find another " pint . " int . kitchen -- later whip open the freezer to put in he freeze dinner and he " packet of veal " and find another fifth of vodka . he pour the vodka in the sink and toss the bottle into the trash -- which be pile high with empty . through the kitchen window , whip see the farm 's old weathered barn . whip furrow he brow . ext . whitaker farm -- barn -- day whip slide open the heavy barn door to reveal -- a vintage cessna 172 -- cover in dust and bird shit from the year of stagnant storage . whip light a smoke as he marvel at the little piece of aviation history rest in he barn . int . whitaker farm -- barn -- airplane -- day whip walk past the plane and start to examine the large , two -story , open-ceilinged barn that be junked full of farm equipment and old furniture . he find ... a wall of photo -- whip with he father next to a plane . he grandfather , father and whip pose next to the barn . a crop duster act as the background for a picture with a 15 year old whip and he father next to a small plane . 65 . a series of picture feature the plane in flight and shot taken from the plane , aerial of the farm , etc . whip hold the frame shot of he and he dad as he walk back to the plane , rest he arm on the wing . whip pull himself from the wall of photo and stare at he stuff . we recognize what must be the stuff he take from he house after he divorce . we see bike , weight and fishing gear . whip rummages through a box of thing pack from he home office . trophies , sport memorabilia , citation -- a photo of he and he wife from happier time . there wedding photo . now whip come upon a framed black and white photo of he and Charlie in they young , navy day -- wear flight suit and stand on a carrier flight deck in front of a F - 14 tomcat . Big smile , full of hotshot pilot swagger . whip put the photo back and spot he golf bag . he root out a pint of cheap vodka from the inner pocket . next he find a fifth of bourbon in he bicycle saddle bag . he go to the workbench and remove a couple of bottle from the paint shelf . ext . barn -- day 63 whip dump out the liquor onto the grass as he hobble back 63 to the house . ext . whitaker farm -- night 65 whip use just he cane now as he drag a garbage bag full of 65 empty liquor bottle to he garbage can . he toss the bag of empty in a can . his work do , whip light a smoke and stare at the empty field that run forever as do the landscape of he mind . he quietly try to grasp the horror he endure and the reality of he survival . int . kitchen table -- later that night we hear the microwave beep and whip retrieve a freeze dinner . 66 . int . whitaker farm --living room desk area --moment later whip sit at the coffee table eat he freeze dinner while watch news coverage of the crash . phone ring whip be startle by the phone that never ring . he snap off the tv use the remote . whip be in no hurry to answer the phone as the old time ring continue . whip go to the desk where the phone rest and he watch the old answer machine click on . we hear ... whip' father' voice you have reach the whitaker crop dusting company , fly lesson and plane ride . please leave a message and it will be return . thank you . voice mail ... I think that be the beep . hey cowboy , it 's Charlie again . whip reach for the phone but decide to just listen to charlie ... charlie ( speak to voicemail ) I be back in town and I stop by the hospital tonight but they say you go home ... so I guess you be feelin ' pretty good , but um we go out to you condo and the manager say you have not return . int . carr office -- atlanta baseball stadium -- night charlie sit at a beautiful wooden table in a modern glass - wall office above a baseball field . the table be populate with casually - dress businessman and lawyer as this after - hour meeting be call on the fly . crash scene photo and file fill the table top . we also see a photo or two of the whitaker farm . voice mail so ... you may be with relative , which I understand . I be really hope to see you for breakfast . I be at the St. regis downtown . 67 . there 's a executive buffet on the 16th floor - 10 o'clock , okay ? if you get this , please come . some important stuff to cover . be good . int . whitaker farm -- live room -- desk area -- night whip stand still as a beep sound , end the message . int . ST . regis HOTEL -- executive buffet -- morning the executive buffet be a staple at the ST . regis . a long center table with silver trays house egg and breakfast meat . fruit , bagel and a staff of server cater to the business elite of Atlanta . charlie anderson sit at a corner table with hugh lang , a young , well - dress African american man . charlie and hugh be chat in jocular spirit when whip approach , walk much more confidently with he cane . charlie whip , hey buddy . glad you get my message . grab a seat . whip study hugh as he pull out he chair . charlie ( cont 'd ) whip this be Hugh lang ; he 's a attorney from Chicago . hugh stand and shake hand with whip . hugh Nice to meet you Captain whitaker . whip and hugh remain stand , both feel a little " alpha . " charlie siddown . coffee ? ( whip nod , sit ) miss , can we get some fresh coffee ? she smile and nod . she 's off to get the coffee . charlie ( cont 'd ) we be just talk about you copilot 's wife . she tell a newspaper that " God land that plane . " 68 . whip God land the plane ? whip just stare at the two man who have large buffet plate surround they . charlie I too believe that God land that plane . the same way I believe that God should hit the buffet , the turkey sausage be excellent . whip I be good with coffee . charlie Len caldwell be really try to get here this morning . ( whip seem lose ) Len be the president of the pilot ' union and he want to be here with we and meet with you but they want he at the crash site . so .. whip be quiet , anxious to hear the purpose of the meeting . charlie ( cont 'd ) whip , as you know , when a plane crash , the ntsb send a " go team " to the crash site immediately . whip they find the flight data recorder ? charlie yes they find they , perfectly intact . whip great . that solve everything . the recorder will tell the story . why do we need a lawyer from Chicago ? charlie Hugh 's a attorney who specialize in criminal negligence - whip criminal negligence ? the waitress return with the coffee . it 's quiet as they wait for she to finish . she do . 69 . hugh death demand responsibility . six dead on that plane , someone have to pay . whip the plane fall apart at 30 thousand foot . charlie the airline will try to prove equipment failure . which would make the manufacturer responsible . the manufacturer of the plane will try to prove poor maintenance of the equipment by the airline . hugh or pilot error . whip I have to fly that plane invert , that mean upside down , Hugh . do you get the picture ? 100 passenger hang upside down , 500 foot off the ground . do you have any idea what that sound like ? hugh I do . I hear the black box last night . whip be you a pilot ? hugh lang no I be not . whip then you do not know what the fuck you be talk about . charlie Hugh 's on we team and it 's the ntsb 's ball game . they run the investigation and they will ultimately rule on the cause . hugh they interview the entire flight crew and the passenger . they hold public hearing - 70 . whip Charlie , what do I need to know ? I be already tired of this guy . hugh the ntsb `go team ' collect blood , skin and hair from the flight crew for a toxicology report . whip study the two man , try to read they poker hand . whip when do they do that ? hugh in the hospital . it 's the first thing they do . do you remember have you blood draw on the night of the crash ? whip look at charlie and then to hugh ... whip do they have the result of this blood test ? hugh yeah , they do . the waitress check in . waitress anything else for you gentleman ? whip do I just see warm cinnamon roll come out ? waitress yes sir . whip bring I one wouldya ? actually bring I two , okay sweetie ? waitress comin ' up . a awkward silence as they wait for she to clear out . hugh a initial report show alcohol in you bloodstream at a level of .24 . in the U.S. 71 . -- one of the most lenient drunk drive country in the world -- you go to jail for drive with a number over .08 . and by drive , I mean a car . they all digest the information as the waitress deliver the cinnamon roll . she leave . it 's still quiet . whip what do that mean ? I have a beer the night before I fly . and what ... that make the tail of the plane explode ? charlie Separate issue whip - whip I need a lawyer . charlie Hugh be you lawyer . whip I need a bigger lawyer . a lawyer who understand that I fly a break plane and without I at that stick there would be 102 funeral , not 6. hugh we be talk about prison not funeral . somebody have - whip to write check , well it 's not I I promise you that . and as long as they be write check , write I one because someone put I in a break plane . I would love a check . charlie easy whip - hugh this tox report state that you be drunk and high on cocaine , felony punishable by 24 year in jail . and if you intoxication be prove to have cause the death of the 4 passenger you will get 4 count of manslaughter . that could be life in prison . 72 . can I now do my job on you behalf and kill this tox report ? whip be listen . charlie try to reign it in . charlie he will get it do , whip . it 's what he entire life be about . trust I , trust he . ( whip stare at Hugh ) do not worry whip , you be gonna walk away the hero you deserve to be . whip I be not worried , Charlie . I promise you that . no one could have land that plane like I do , no one . 68 the waitress return with a coffee pot . whip leave . 68 int . ST . regis HOTEL -- lounge -- day Close on tv -- a split screen -- CNN 's pier morgan on one side of the screen ask question of jim tilmon , a aviation expert . we now see a photo of whip in he southjet airline uniform . pier morgan Captain tilmon , we wanna play a portion of the black box that all of the news outlet have grab hold of ... whip ( on television ) when I ask for power , push both of this forward . get it ? what 's you son 's name ? wider ... whip step up to the bar , glancing around . the bartender step up to serve whip ... bartender what will you have ? whip can I get a orange juice ? the bartender leave to grab the orange juice . 73. television -- the transcription and audio of the cockpit recording continue ... margaret ( o.s. ) trevor . whip ( o.s. ) say " I love you trevor . " margaret ( o.s. ) why ? whip ( o.s. ) the black box . margaret ( o.s. ) I love you trevor . be a good boy . mommy love you . the bartender return with the orange juice . bartender that 's it ? whip and a double shot of stoli . the bartender nod and turn in acknowledgement of the order . pier morgan ( on television ) wow . that audio paint a strong picture . Captain whitaker be surely a hero in my opinion . jim tilmon ( on television ) absolutely . however , every incident be different . the action of the pilot on southjet 227 will be heavily scrutinize . it 's protocol for any investigation . the bartender return with a frost glass and pour two shot over the ice . whip downs the vodka in a flash . the other bartender have the remote and start search for more coverage of the crash . he stop at a local report . on television we see 74 . ext . crash site -- day a reporter give a lead in at the crash site . crash site reporter # 1 Kevin , it 's still chaotic here at the site . apparently a small ministry be conduct service near to where the plane come down . so the scene here be a mix of survivor and first responder , I be able to catch up with a actual passenger moment ago ... a young short haire blonde man give he account passenger 1 we be in a nose dive and people be scream and yell and then the plane turn upside down and we have to hold on to we seat belt to keep from fall out of we chair -- I see one kid fall to the floor and this flight attendant pick he up and hand he to he dad ... I do not see she again . crash site reporter # 1 more detail and more report of the casualty be continue to fly around . I can tell you that there appear to be many , many survivor . that 's all I have for now . Kevin ? another reporter have a passenger 's account . crash site reporter # 2 Rebecca , survive passenger be be put in ambulance , police cruiser and even first responder vehicle and they be be take to local hospital for treatment . some of the injure appear serious and it 's safe to assume at this point that there be at least a few fatality . let 's roll the tape of the passenger I catch up with earlier . a man with short dark hair explain he experience . 75 . passenger 2 we turn like a corkscrew and all I could think be , " this be really happen , I be go to die " and then all of a sudden the plane be upside down but steady and the pilot must have know how to fly it that way . he flip it back over and land it hard . crash site reporter # 2 obviously a harrowing ordeal for that on the troubled plane . this be callie J kenner for News 5 . a third reporter get a female neighbor 's perspective . crash site reporter # 3 folk in the house that border this field come run from they house ... neighbor I think it be thunder at first . but it shook the ground hard . Thunder do not do like that . I run outside and I could hear people yell and I could see a small fire at first . I just take the dog and head down there . then I see the plane crumpled on the ground . I never see nothing like that in my life . crash site reporter # 3 just like that plane , this community be shattered . folk here remain on edge as media truck continue to line they small road and crowd the field where the plane still lie . back to you , Tom . ext . crash site -- night a news light shine on a lone reporter who stand atop a small hill above the crash field . 76 . crash site reporter # 4 we be gonna take another look at the cell phone footage that capture the last moment of southjet 's Flight 227 . we see the grainy cell phone footage of the plane after the plane level off and smack down in the field , we return to reporter # 4 in the crash field . crash site reporter # 4 ( cont 'd ) many hour have pass since the footage you just watch but the crash site remain active as investigator work through the night . use flood light and miner ' cap , team continue to comb the crash field look for the answer to the hard question as to what bring down southjet 's flight 227 . that answer remain in darkness as do the break piece of the aircraft . hopefully sunlight will bring answer . for now this be Kent Johnson report . int . / ext . whip' buick -- qwik stop liquor store -- day a 12 - pack of beer hit the passenger seat as whip climb behind the wheel . whip crack open a " handle " ( half - gallon ) of vodka and take a liberal pull . whip 's shoulder relax as the alcohol kick in . 71 after a moment , he start the car , shift into gear -- downs 71 another huge slug of vodka -- and pull out . int . whip' buick -- atlanta STREET -- day whip be at the wheel . a cigarette in one hand , a open beer in the other . he cruise slowly -- search street sign with he beer-buzze eye . whip ( to himself ) Taylor street , Taylor st ... ah , here we be . whip roll the buick to a stop and scan the street . 77 . p.o.v. through driver side window whip spot a sign : " georgian garden Apartments " suddenly , nicole fly into frame and toss a box into the back of she Toyota . she hustle off leave the hatchback open . 72 whip raise a eyebrow , and drive toward the building . 72 ext . three story apartment build -- atlanta -- day whip park he car at a fire hydrant right in front of nicole 's building and get out with he cane . he pop a fresh beer and look at the building , look for a proper entrance . he notice Fran walk quickly along the second story balcony -- carry a baseball bat . whip think nothing of it and begin casually poke through the stuff in Nicole 's car -- a random collection of junk include clothes and photograph -- mostly of rock band perform . now , whip hear a argument escalate between Fran and nicole . fran ( o.s. ) the guy in unit 1 just tell I you stay here last night ?! nicole ( o.s. ) franny relax , I be just get my shit outta here , okay ? fran ( o.s. ) what about the rent ! you owe I money ! he head off ... ext . three story apartment build -- staircase -- day whip do a decent job of make he way up the exterior staircase . that beer be make he leg feel a little better . whip move more aggressively up the stair as the argument grow louder ... fran ( o.s. ) who do you think break down this fuck door to let the paramedics in there ? huh ?! -- you gotta pay for all this . 78 . nicole ( o.s. ) I be sorry . just let I get my shit and get outta here . I will pay you when I can . fran ( o.s. ) I know , just take a shower with I . how hard be that ? c'mon . nicole ( o.s. ) no. I be not doin ' that . fran ( o.s. ) if I have a bag a dope you would be on you knee in my shower right now , right ? come on ... nicole ( o.s. ) don't touch I ! whip pick up the pace of he limp toward the fracas . fran ( o.s. ) gimme the camera , for collateral . what 's it worth ? nicole ( o.s. ) no fuck way ! I will kill you if you touch this camera ! I will pay for all of this ! I will pay , okay ! whip crest the top of the staircase to see ... scene 75 combined with scene 74 int . nicole's apartment -- same fran , the landlord , wield a baseball bat as he berate nicole . nicole have she full - body 35 mm camera hang from a strap around she neck . fran point the bat at she head . whip whack Fran with he cane . whip the fuck be you doin ' !? fran stumble and fall as the bat go fly to the ground and roll away . whip lick the foam top of he excited beer . 79 . fran ( give whip a puzzle look ) hey , do not I know you ? whip jab he again with he cane . whip keep you fuck hand off she ! nicole who be cry , now laugh in relief . she can not believe it . " America 's hero " have just come to she rescue . whip move to comfort she .. whip ( cont 'd ) you okay ? ( she nods ) be this all the stuff you want from here ? nicole ( nod again , recover ) just this stuff . she point to a camera tripod and a box of break portfolio with photo drip out . whip okay , start take that stuff down . fran have get up and stand a safe distance from whip ... fran she owe I 1100 buck ! plus damage ! whip you wanna spend a thousand buck suing she and get jack shit ? or do you want to make a cash deal with I ? fran give I 700 in cash . whip you be a creep ... with you baseball bat bullshit ... whip fling he beer at Fran 's head , then pull out he billfold . 80 . whip ( cont 'd ) ( sort through he cash ) I will give you 400 in cash . whip throw the money on the floor . fran sort the option ... none ... he tentatively bend down and pick up the cash . keeping a wary eye on whip . whip ( cont 'd ) good boy . now help she get that box in she car . nicole ah ...my car do not run . it will not start . I be take this with I . whip you car do not run ? what be you gonna do ? nicole I do not ... i... I be ... I do not know what I be gonna do . Fran smirk . whip drill Fran with he eye ... whip ( with deliberate malice ) then put the fuck box in my car . fran 's smirk fade . he relent and pick up the box as whip grab the lighter shoulder bag and they head downstairs . int . whip' buick -- day nicole stare out the window as the city disappear . whip pull a beer from the box and offer it to Nicole . nicole smile , think about it ... she shake she head , " no . " whip pop the top and take a drink . nicole what 's you name ? whip look to she , she to he . they begin to laugh at the absurdity . when it subside ... whip whip . nicole nod . a long moment quietly pass . 81 . nicole thank you , Captain whip . int . whitaker farm -- live room -- night smokey Robinson and the miracles ' " you really get a hold on I " play as whip ease himself into a recliner use he cane . on the small table next to he rest he beer and a unopen bottle of bourbon with a glass of ice . whip crack the seal on the bourbon bottle and pour a drink . he take a sip and chase it with he beer . whip now start to remove the brace that we clearly see under he basketball short . as he take it off he try to massage he aching leg . nicole enter the live room , fresh from a shower . whip study she -- she 's beautiful and innocent . whip you okay ? nicole I be gonna lay down , get some rest . whip okay . whip take another sip before return to massage he leg . nicole be it really okay that I stay here ? whip yea . I want you to stay . nicole walk over to whip and kneel down and gently take over massage he leg . whip exhales . whip ( cont 'd ) that feel better . nicole it 's throbbing because the blood be have a hard time get back to you heart . 78 nicole continue to soothe he aching leg . after a moment , 78 nicole stand and take the drink out of whip 's hand and set it down . she now bend down and kiss he softly . she now stand and take he hand , lead he in to the bedroom . 82. int . whitaker farm -- whip' bedroom -- day whip 's be awake for hour as he sit at the foot of the bed . whip 's wear a long sleeve tee shirt and sweat pants and no shoe . he look at nicole -- sleep angelically on she side of the bed . whip watch she sleep for a long moment , until ... 80 he hear something . he get up and go to the window . it 's a 80 car pull up the driveway . int . / ext . whitaker farm -- kitchen door -- day whip open the door to find hugh in he driveway . whip cast a strange figure with he bare chest , boxer and brandish a shotgun . they stare at each other . hugh do you wanna shoot I or can I come inside ? whip c'mon in . I will shoot you inside . hugh walk closer to the porch . whip question he . whip ( cont 'd ) you just decide to drop by ? hugh you voice mail be full and you never answer you cell phone . I call you cell 10 time . whip I turn it off . hugh nod as the explanation land . hugh I think we would take a ride . whip measure hugh 's intention ... whip okay , gimme a minute . wait here . 82 hugh nod and recede from the door as whip go to get 82 dress . 83. ext . crash site -- observation scaffolding -- day whip join hugh on a rectangular platform on top of a two - story scaffold frame . the platform provide a perfect view of flight 227 's final rest area . we see the awesome devastation that 50 ton of metal fly at 140 mile a hour can do to a hillside . hugh you can see the initial impact shear the right wing clean off . if only the leave wing have come off at impact , I think everyone would have walk off that plane . whip the leave wing partially pull away - hugh it snap but stay connect to the airframe . so it whipped back towards the plane , hit the fuselage in front of the tail . if you be sit in the last 6 or 7 row on the leave side , it be like be hit by a train . whip I drank a lot the night before that flight . I drank that morning too and I use coke to straighten up . hugh I know , it 's in the toxicology report . whip but that 's not the reason this happen . hugh I know . whip look at hugh expect he to finish he think . hugh hold he look for a beat before change thought . hugh ( cont 'd ) the John the Baptist pentecostal Mission . we hear voice ; a low murmur that get louder , chant . whip look to the top of the hill to see ... pentecostal Mass in progress 84 . a minister in a dark purple cloak call from the new testament as the congregation respond in unison . minister " he will wipe away every tear from they eye , and death shall be no more , neither shall there be mourn , nor cry , nor pain anymore , for the former thing have pass away . " -- revelation 21:4 there be at least 50 people sit in white fold chair at the foot of the hill . a small brook babbles behind they . whip continue to take in the bizarre scene . hugh they help pull survivor out of the wreckage . now they come out here every day and have a mass 30 minute prior to the crash . and then they sit in silent prayer for 10 minute at 9:42 ... which be when you go down . whip be overwhelm by the magnitude of the crash field and the worshipper . whip look back at the crash site to see ... ntsb investigator Inside the crash site , a small group of investigator with ntsb jacket follow the lead of a confident woman . hugh answer the question in whip 's mind ... hugh ( cont 'd ) ellen block , she 's the head of the investigation for the ntsb . she 's the one that 's gonna ask the tough question . whip why would you bring I here ? hugh I need you to see this . whip you try to scare I ? hugh I need to know that you can handle all this . 85 . whip continue to stare at the awesome dent in the earth . hugh ( cont 'd ) listen clearly . there be a mechanical issue with the plane , but what you and I know ? be that this be a act of God . I be gonna fight to get the ntsb to place " act of God " on the probable cause list . whip who 's God would do this ? it 's quiet before hugh make he case . hugh so here 's the deal . avington carr , the owner of the airline , be on we side ... and he 's get big friend in Washington . he want to sit down with we . 10 o'clock tomorrow morning . whip 's have enough . he start to walk away . hugh stop he . hugh ( cont 'd ) you can not drink . you be under the microscope . you can not be out buy liquor . no bar , no drug . whip I will stop . I can stop . ( Hugh stay quiet ) I tell you I can stop . I will not drink . hugh 10 o'clock tomorrow morning with Mr. carr , the owner of the airline . int . carr office - atlanta baseball stadium -- day a huge office with a glass wall that look out over the diamond . we be high above the outfield ; if GOD be a baseball fan , this would be he office . we now meet avington carr , a very righteous and self - satisfied , wealthy , southern gentleman . mr. carr I never want that fuckin' airline . neither do my brother . 86 . carr scan the room , read face , hold court . mr. carr ( cont 'd ) it be my father that want it . I like baseball . ornate , wood furniture help to announce the political feel of mr. carr 's world . presidential photo and commendation pepper the wall . it 's quiet ... hugh lang I like baseball . everyone look to hugh as it get oddly silent ... we get we first look at len caldwell , the president of the pilot ' union . len try to wrest some control and exude some confidence . len caldwell everyone in Georgia like baseball . mr. carr yeah ... so what 's the deal lenny ? be you union gonna survive this one ? more importantly ? how big a check you think I be gonna have to write ? len caldwell there be 6 fatality on the plane - hugh lang the 2 crew member do not get settlement like the passenger . that 's a workman 's comp claim , part of the union contract -- they do a dangerous job and they know it . mr. carr you be the lawyer for the pilot ' union ? len caldwell no , this be Hugh lang , the attorney we bring in to handle the criminal side of Captain whitaker 's situation . mr. carr yes , and what be Mr. whitaker 's situation ? ntsb be up my ass with a flashlight . we have to give they access to everything . 87 . ( shake he head ) and everyone be curious about Captain whitaker . through a glass wall we see ... whip sit on a couch reading a magazine in a reception area . charlie I fly with he . he 's a great pilot . mr. carr be he a drunk ? charlie he 's a heavy drinker . should I bring he in ? everyone steal glance at whip as carr continue to dominate . mr. carr in a minute . alright , so let 's get down to it , lenny . what do the union plan to do about this blood test that say whitaker be high on booze and coke ? this guy 's a real peach . hugh I be gonna kill the toxicology report . ( feel eye of disbelief ) it be do incompetently . the last time the toxicology equipment they use be calibrate be in June of 2009 , which be 18 month past code . they log that should clearly state who label the blood vial and when , be very incomplete . and they be not sure who store they . they use a preservative in the vial that have in some case cause blood to ferment and register higher in a alcohol test . that 's what I have do so far . I can handle this . mr. carr I like this guy lenny . he make I wanna go out and sniff a few line and fly a jet . 88. len caldwell Mr. carr , we be gonna fight to push all the fault on Jackson ridgefield , the manufacturer . mr. carr oh and you think they be gonna just open they check book and buy we all lunch ? good fuck luck . what 's my exposure Jim ? carr business guy the award to the family could kill the airline . mr. carr fuck the airline . the insurance company can have the goddamm airline . I just do not want they to come sniff in my other pocket . len caldwell speak for the pilot ' union ? we do not want you airline to go away . we enjoy you contract with we and we will protect Captain whitaker and in turn protect you airline . mr. carr that 's sweet Mr. caldwell , but if the ntsb leak that toxicology report show my pilot be fly that plane drunk ? we be all fuck . charlie so far we have be lucky . mr. carr lucky ?! be you that goddamm dumb ?! you think they be wait for a light news day to splash the headline , " drunk , coke - addle pilot crash a plane ?! " everyone go quiet as carr 's anger command silence . mr. carr ( cont 'd ) my brother 's in DC on he knee at the foot of the throne begging for forgiveness . and so far it 's work . 89 . they have get they boot on the neck of this girl ellen block runnin ' the show for the ntsb and she be piss . can you handle that ? hugh can not stifle a laugh . they look to he . hugh lang trust I , I be gonna kill the toxicology report . that 's my job . carr look to he lawyer who nod ... carr attorney I wish you luck , but we be still sorting out the best way to go forward legally . we might split from you and go it alone . carr stand to signal the end of the meeting . hugh stand to stop he . hugh lang to go it alone ? without we ? that would be what the french call " a big fuck mistake . " mr. carr do whitaker know he 's go to jail ? hugh lang I have not have a client go to jail yet . mr. carr he 's go to jail . he belong in jail . you bet you ass he 's go to jail , the question be ... be he gonna die in jail ? hugh lang you be wrong , Mr. carr . carr attorney last time I check , 6 count of manslaughter be life in prison . mr. carr life in prison , what we in Georgia call " all day long . " it go quiet as everyone reflect on that reality . 90 . int . carr office -- waiting room -- day whip stand up as the meeting spill into the wait room . handshakes be exchange as carr walk to whip and offer he hand to shake . mr. carr they tell I you be some kind of pilot . 86 carr nod , size whip up . whip return the nod as hugh 86 quickly put a hand on whip 's back and lead he away like a heavyweight be return to he corner after pre-fight instruction . the television in whip' live room - night we be now in whip 's live room watch home movie ... whip' voice get up ! what ? you can not get up ?! ( whip be laugh ... ) c'mon , knuckle whitaker drag himself up and go long ...go. we watch a 8 year - old will whitaker run long as the ball fly to he . he catch it and on-screen whip holler . whip' voice ( cont 'd ) touchdown whitaker ! Atta boy ! c'mon back . what ? come back and do it again . tire ? junior , you do not know tired . I be not go out . you go out . keep run . we pull away from the screen to find whip who sit on the couch . a large bottle of vodka appear empty amidst many dead beer and a ashtray that overflow . whip move in drunken slow motion as he attempt to free a cigarette from the pack and light it . he freeze at one point and place he hand straight out in front of himself , a strange , involuntary , drunken reset . his stare be a 1000 mile offshore ; he be anywhere but on this planet . oblivion . the light from the headlight of a car in the driveway wash across the wall of the live room . we hear a car door open and woman exchange good by . sheila ( o.s. ) keep come back , Nicole . one day at a time . 91 . nicole ( o.s. ) I know , one day at a time . 87a we hear they laugh as whip still stare in to space . 87a int . whitaker farm -- door -- night the door push open and nicole come in with the Big Book of aa in she hand . nicole hey . sorry I be a little late , but we go for coffee after the meeting ... ( whip do not look ) whip ? nicole go close to see whip look at she with a non-focused stare . she see the table and read the situation . nicole watch as whip stand up . in he oblivion he try to focus . whip do not , do not , do not ! I will get he . knuckle , junior . see he . yeah . I be not call again . fuck he . he do not call . not back . not call back . nicole back away as she watch the black - out ballet play itself out in slow , tragic fashion . whip motion to he lip as if he be smoking . he freeze and then step forward and trip in to the coffee table . whip fall to the ground . nicole check whip 's face to see he eye partially open but pass out . nicole go to the bedroom and return with a blanket that she cover whip with . she also place a pillow under he head make sure that he head be title to the side so he do not choke . nicole look around the room . she begin to collect the bottle and straighten up . int . whitaker farm -- bedroom -- morning close on whip 's face as he struggle with a thick hangover . he rub he face and smack he lip , he 's dry as a bone . whip shake he head as he try to focus he look through the bedroom window . he look out to see nicole sit on a chair enjoy the landscape . whip rub he head before walk to the kitchen . 92 . int . whitaker farm -- kitchen -- moment later whip pull open the door to the fridge and pull out a gallon of water in a plastic jug . whip stand and take a long pull of the cold water . ext . whitaker farm -- porch -- morning nicole sit with she camera stare at a candle on the table in front of she . a aa Book rest on the table . she snap a picture of the flame and then focus out to the grassy landing strip and the roll hill . whip enter carry the large plastic bottle of water from the kitchen . whip Morning . whip cough and rub he eye . nicole be you okay ? you be in bad shape when I get home . whip tire . guess I drank a bit . nicole a bit ? whip you wanna count the fuckin ' beer ? they be still in the garbage . vodka too , be that okay with you ? nicole it 's more than okay , whip . whip good . it 's quiet as they let the awkward exchange pass . nicole I have be watch the sky change as the sun rise . beautiful . ( hold up the camera ) perfect light , I go out and take some great shot . whip reach for the camera . she hand it to he . 93. whip lemme see that camera . nicole my mom get it for I . towards the end , when she know she be not gonna recover . she max out she credit card to buy I that camera and a lighting kit . nicole take a moment to tamp down some emotion . nicole ( cont 'd ) it 's just so beautiful here . do you grow up here ? whip still hold the camera as he sit down . whip it be my grandfather 's farm , my dad grow up here . he be a pilot in World War ii , fly with the 332nd . see the landing strip out there ? he build that . he run a crop duster outta here until the EPA put a end to that . ( she nod , listen ) he trade the crop duster for a use cessna . he fly that damn thing all over . it 's still in the barn . I be gonna sell this place after my dad die . then I get divorced ... nicole and you mom ? whip Dead ... she 's dead . you dad still alive ? nicole I be pretty sure my father life in Colorado . whip you get no relationship with he . nicole he drank . it be my mom that raise I . she be incredible . nicole light a cigarette as the memory be tough . 94 . nicole ( cont 'd ) she hold it together for so long , I could not tell how sick she be . even through chemo she look beautiful . nicole lean over and blow out the candle . nicole ( cont 'd ) they give she very heavy med for pain . dilaud , morphine , oxycontin . I start take they with she . we would get all medicate and sit in we back yard and talk and talk and watch the sun go down . we would be so stone that we could not get up to go inside when it get dark . ( laugh , fight the pain ) I know it sound crazy to get hook on dope with you mom , but she be die and we spend she last seven month together like teenager , trading storey about boy and whatever . she love I . whip lift the camera and point it at nicole . she contort she face into a sly smile . whip snap it ... she laugh . 89a a church bell swing inside a stone belfry 89 a the blue sky be the perfect backdrop as we reveal ... int . ST . thomas aquinas catholic church -- day whip in a dark suit walk amidst mourner who file out of the church . the center of attention be a large , distraught woman in she 60' be consol by what appear to be she son and he wife . the woman wear a pin that hold a photo of trina . whip stand at the bottom of the step , watch folk , look for someone . suddenly , a 9 year - old boy stand in front of he . the boy lock eye with he . boy I be trevor . you save my mom . whip look up to see margaret thomason walk towards he . she have she leave arm in a sling underneath she jacket . we can see a bandage along she hairline . whip smile , obviously uncomfortable . margaret hug he . 95 . margaret it 's great to see you , whip . whip you too Margaret . Broken collar bone ? margaret yeah , and some stitches but I be fine . I really be . ( she go quiet ) it be a nice service . I mean , look at all this people that want to say goodbye . she look beautiful in there . ( whip be blank ) do not you think so , whip ? like she be gonna wake up and smile . whip I do not go in . I could not . margaret be sense whip 's struggle . margaret trevor , find dad . he 's by Mr. benton , there . ( trevor leave ) be you okay ? you should come to the counseling group . the union have great people for we to talk to . whip no . I can not , really . I will , but just not now . it 's quiet . margaret smile and lean in and kiss whip on the cheek . margaret take care whip , okay ? she start to leave ... whip stop she with ... whip yeah ...y' know ... I be in the middle of this investigation . the ntsb be investigate the crash - margaret I know . I be go in to see they next week . 96 . whip I be nervous because I be out the night before the crash at dinner - margaret with trina ... whip yeah and I have two glass of wine . and they might ask you about my condition that morning and if you think I have anything to drink . margaret appear speechless ... whip ( cont 'd ) what ? margaret I have know you 11 year and you be gonna stand here and tell I you and trina go to dinner and you drank two glass of wine ? sound like a nice restaurant whip , which one be it ? whip you have to tell they it be a ordinary day . I mean it be a ordinary day . you know I be in shape to fly . you have a problem with say that ? margaret it 's a lie . whip , it 's a lie . trina tell I you two have not be to sleep . whip my lack of sleep make the plane fall apart , huh Margaret ? I be just try to get it straight . you think that another pilot would have be able to land that plane and save more life ? margaret I do not say that whip . I can not imagine another pilot do - 97 . whip well can you imagine trevor at this same church look at you in that box in there ? or my son have to come and see I in prison ? margaret fight tear as whip have strike a blow . margaret please whip , enough . do not you think we have all have enough . ( whip be quiet ) what do you want I to say ? whip it be a ordinary day . the storm right after we take off be very severe , but as far as the flight crew be concerned it be a perfectly ordinary day . the tear flow now as margaret can not hold they in . whip realize he 's go too far . not know what to do , whip walk away . ext . peach STREET drug - azure blue sky of autumn -- pharmacy -- parking lot - day whip watch a airliner fly over head as he stand by he car smoking a cigarette . he wear he suit from the funeral . nicole approach . she 's in a great mood . nicole be you okay ? how be it ? whip it be okay , okay . how're you doin ' ? a beat . nicole well , I get through my first day . they have not fire I . whip that 's good . Cause for a celebration . nicole they need someone to work the night shift . they ask I and it 's time and a half so ... 98 . she sort through she shoulder bag ... nicole ( cont 'd ) I gotta vest and here 's my name tag . oh oh oh .... I get you something .. ( hand he a nice lighter ) it 's a p - 51 mustang on there ... ( fly she arm like wing ) you be dad fly a p - 51 , right ? whip ( stare at the lighter ) he do . so should we get some dinner ? nicole I promise Sheila I would be at the meeting tonight . she 's the one that 's be help I , my sponsor . can we do it tomorrow night ? and please , whip do not make I choose between dinner with you and the meeting . whip nod , play with the lighter . whip no , it 's okay . you should go . nicole why do not you come with I ? we will eat after . it 's a open meeting . whip open meeting ? nicole that mean anybody can come . anybody . whip even I ? she be bubbling with happy spirit ; she 's hot . she 's hard to deny as whip can not help but smile at she . int . ST . francis catholic church -- atlanta -- night a man stand at a podium wear a coat and tie . he be lose in the energize retell of a story . 99 . a.a. speaker # 1 the cop be shine he flashlight on I . I be stand there behind the dumpster , wear nothing but my girlfriend 's panty , vomit on my chest and I say to the cop ... about two beer . the room erupt with laughter . nicole be really take by the candor of the speaker as she join the room in laughter . a.a. speaker # 1 ( cont 'd ) that 's why they call I " two - beer " Barry . barry make eye contact with a stern looking old timer . barry hold up a loose leaf binder and address the man ... a.a. speaker # 1 ( cont 'd ) do not worry Ed , I get the format right here . I be sorry , Ed 's give I the stink eye . let I get back to the format ... ( read from the format ) I be Barry . I be a alcoholic . the assembly ( in unison ) hi Barry . a.a. speaker # 1 be there any other alcoholics present ? whip glance around to find himself in a sea of raise - hand alcoholics . a few look at whip with no judgement . a.a. speaker # 1 ( cont 'd ) I like meeting that have we all identify . because it make I tell the truth about who I be . it remind that I never ever tell the truth . I lie about everything . my whole life have be a lie . and I be tell that I would never get sober if I keep lie . whip be very reserve , poker - face . a.a. speaker # 1 I mean , lie 's what I be good at . if I know anything in this life it 's how to lie , especially about my drink . 100 . we pan the face and everyone seem immediately connect . except whip who lean over to nicole . whip I gotta go . okay ? ( nicole nods ) can uh ... ( point to Sheila ) nicole yeah , Sheila . she can take I back to work . sheila ( extend she hand ) I be Sheila . whip shake she hand before quickly escape as if from a fire . we stay close on whip 's face as he walk out . barry continue he pitch . a.a. speaker # 1 like I say , I would lie about everything . it do not matter what it be . my whole life have be a lie . a series of lie strung together by I . and when I drank ? it be worse . what I come to understand be that , my lie be kill I . and that remain the great fact for I ... my lie will kill I . 93 whip be go . 93 int . round table restaurant -- bar -- minute later whip enter the bar and we hear off camera a voice come from the tv above the bar . pier morgan ( o.s. ) the ntsb be focus they investigation on the flight crew , specifically Captain whitaker . ken evan ( o.s. ) Sir , I be not at liberty to discuss Captain whitaker or any of the flight crew . whip look up to the tv . 101 . close up television -- ken evan be on tv live from he hospital bed . ken evan ( on television ) and in truth , I do not have much to say about he . pier morgan ( on a split screen ) so , safe to say that he remain a mystery . ken evan ( on television ) Sir , that be you word not mine . whip exit as fast as he arrive . he 's go . pier morgan continue from the tv ... pier morgan ( on television ) I have be speak to some people who be very close to the ntsb investigation and they be very confident that they will be able to determine exactly what bring this plane down . ken evan ( on television ) I be sure they will sir . pier morgan ( on television ) thank you , Ken and Vicki Evans . ken evan ( on television ) thank you , and God bless . int . hospital hallway -- night whip step off a elevator and walk down the quiet hospital hallway toward a room where a few technician be pack up the last bit of tv equipment . int . hospital room -- ken evan ' room -- night whip stand in the doorway and address evan ... 102 . whip how're you feel , Ken ? evan stare at whip with a blank look . evan happy to be alive . VICKI evan bless to be alive . whip I be Captain whitaker , I be fly - VICKI evan I know who you be . whip sense a unwelcome undercurrent . he lock eye with evan try to read he . silence before evan speak to the attending nurse ... evan ma 'am can you give we some privacy ? thank you . ( to whip ) come on in sir . shut the door . the attending nurse file out place a chair next to the bed as she leave . whip enter . it 's again quiet . whip listen , how long have you be ... evan outta the coma ? two day . whip I do not mean to disrupt you whole day . I know they be swamp you with interview . you be great on CNN ... evan smile at whip . evan both my leg be crush and my pelvis snap . I will probably never walk again , least not without a walker or brace . I will certainly never fly again . whip I be sorry Ken . 103 . evan that plane be doom the second you sit in the chair . you reek like gin or somethin' . I call Vicki from the plane before we take off . that 's when the rain kick up . VICKI nod , hold she cross with the chain across she lip . whip I do not know how much you remember , but the plane start to fall apart . evan I remember everything until we crash . I know what go on . whip what be we talk about ? evan I do not know Captain whitaker , what be we talk about ? whip I just want to get a sense from you what you think cause the crash . evan be it the fact that you get on the plane drunk from the night before ? whip go white and drop he head . evan ( cont 'd ) the ntsb be come back tomorrow to finish take a deposition from I about the event on the flight . whip you think you would be alive without I on that plane ? evan no , we would all be dead . but be you gonna argue that you physical state be tip top ? whip I be not gonna argue anything with you . 104 . whip get up . evan sit , please sit . ( whip sit ) I never share my opinion about you physical state the morning of the flight . I have never say word . whip sit and study evan . evan ( cont 'd ) the flight be pre-ordained . I have pray on it Captain . Vicki and I have pray on it . there 's only one judge -- VICKI evan praise Jesus . evan and he have a higher plan for you sir . this event although tragic in its loss of life be also a celebration of life . evan begin to mist up with sincere inspiration . evan ( cont 'd ) nothing happen in the Kingdom of the Lord by mistake . VICKI evan praise Jesus . evan Captain , will you pray with I ? whip stare into evan ' eye and see a believer 's conviction . evan reach out he hand to whip . whip slowly move out of he chair and kneel at the side of evan ' bed . whip take evan ' hand and bow he head as he reach for VICKI 's at the same time . it 's quiet before ... evan ( cont 'd ) Jesus we Lord and savior we thank you for bless Captain whitaker with courage and wisdom . for guide he hand on that fateful morning . in he divine light we be save . praise Jesus . 105 . VICKI evan praise Jesus . it be quiet for a extend beat . finally ... whip praise Jesus . 97 whip look at evan and he wife whose head be bow with 97 reverence . ext . whitaker farm -- driveway -- night a small pickup truck ramble to a stop in the driveway . we hear music and laughter as nicole get out . nicole thanks for the ride guy . I will see you tomorrow . coworker keep it up Nicole , you could be employee of the year . they all laugh ; Nicole wave as they drive off . she walk towards the house which be dark . she hear music and look towards the barn to see bright light escape through the sagging door and split wood wall . ext . whitaker farm -- barn -- night nicole slowly approach the almost glow barn door . her curiosity compel she to pull it open . int . / ext . whitaker farm -- barn -- night the door swing open to find the plane point towards the driveway with a age patina but revitalize shine . lenny kravitz , " fly away " blare from the stereo ... whip emerge from the cockpit . he 's still in he suit but with he jacket off and sleeve roll up . he 's energize like a excited kid . he run up and kiss she . nicole note the cloud of smoke hang in the air and the burn cigarette in the ashtray , empty beer . whip look great right ? 106 . nicole it 's kind of ... beautiful . whip wipe at he nose . whip it 's a cessna 172 , it be my dad 's . he keep it perfect . nicole take in this cool trinket of aviation history . nicole do it work ... whip yeah , he fly this plane a few month before he die . I learn to fly in this plane . you can land it anywhere . whip laugh , remember ... whip ( cont 'd ) my friend harling and I fly it to Jamaica . nicole Jamaica ? in this ? whip we set off for a overnight fishing trip two hour south of here . we end up in bethel , Jamaica . nicole you be insane . whip it be like a picture on a post card . the white sand and sky blue water . most beautiful place I have ever be . nicole be the water warm ? whip yeah , really warm . nicole that 's my kind of place . whip let 's go . 107 . nicole sure , why not . nicole laugh think they be play a game . whip let 's go tomorrow . nicole you be serious ? whip we will leave in the morning ... we will just go . start over . nicole realize he 's serious as he open another beer . nicole whip , we can not . whip it 's a beautiful beach , it 's paradise . nicole I be worried about you . whip ( laugh a bit light ) I be fine thanks . nicole no you be not , you be really not . you need help , whip . I think you need rehab . whip you go to a couple of aa meeting and all of a sudden you think you be Jesus Christ ? worry about yourself . nicole we be the same whip , you and I , we be the same - whip we're not - nicole we be - 108 . whip I do not suck dick to get high . and do not give I a whole ... nicole never whip , I never in my life - whip you mom die and dad drank and bullshit , bullshit , bullshit -- nicole stop . please stop . whip be that why you shot dope ? nicole that 's not fair - whip well there 's a lot of people out there who lose they mom who have never have a drink in they life . nicole you be sick , whip . nicole walk away , leave whip with he plane and he dream of freedom . whip call after she . whip I choose to drink . nicole do you ? you choose it ? I do not see a lot of choice goin ' on . whip I choose to drink ! and I blame it on I . I be happy to . I have get a ex - wife and a son I do not see . why ? because I choose to drink ! int . whitaker farm -- whip' bedroom -- night we follow whip as he enter the house and approach the doorway of the bedroom . whip see nicole sit on the bed . she quickly tuck she cell phone away as whip hold up he hand to signal a truce . 109 . whip alright look , I be load when I crash that plane . with this investigation go on , I do not know what 's gonna happen . come to Jamaica with I . nicole whip . I be afraid I will use again . whip come with I . I need help , I do . nicole I would love for you to get help , whip . whip when we get to Jamaica we can go to the local hospital . I will do it for you . anything you want . nicole look at the sincere love in he eye . nicole I do not wanna use again . I can not . I will not make it back . whip I will be sober . I will not force you to stay . I promise if you do not like it or if I do not clean up ? you can leave . this be the most sincere plea she 's ever hear . whip ( cont 'd ) it 's so beautiful there . we will leave before noon . I be a great pilot . you will get to see so much . whip wrap he arm around she . we stay on nicole 's face as he hold she tighter and tighter . int . whitaker farm -- kitchen -- early morning nicole be dress and sit at the kitchen table . past nicole we can see whip lie in bed . she have all she possession in a crate and a duffel bag at she foot . she finish a handwritten note and place it down . nicole pick up the note and begin to reread it . 110 . she hear a car in the driveway -- she pick up she stuff and take one last look at the sleep whip . she leave , careful not to make a sound . ext . whitaker farm -- front door -- early morning nicole quietly exit the house , carry a crate of she stuff . she have a duffel bag of clothes over she shoulder as she make she way to sheila 's car that we see park at the top of the driveway , far from the house . int . whitaker ranch -- bedroom -- later same day whip stir , wake up and look around . whip walk around look for nicole . he find the note and read it . the reality of she disappearance set in and he move to the window and stare out at the barn . whip return he look inside the house and he see the big book of aa on the table near where the letter be leave . whip pick it up and throw it across the room . he then grab the back of a chair and toss it against the wall . after wiping photo off of the wall he pick up a empty beer bottle and fire the bottle at a shelf on the opposite wall . the bottle explode and whip stop as he realize he come within a inch of shatter a frame photo of he and he son . we hear the antiquated ring of the old house phone . whip relax he shoulder as the ringing phone distract he . whip be now draw heavy breath as the ringing phone be answer by the old machine ... whip' father' voice you have reach the whitaker crop dusting company , fly lesson and plane ride . please leave a message and it will be return . thank you . the beep conclude ... charlie ( speak to voice mail ) hey whip , if you be there pickup ... I get some good news ... whip snatch the phone of the hook . 111 . whip yeah , I be here . what 's goin ' on ? 104 whip listen as charlie talk ... 104 ext . ntsb hangar -- raining -- day whip sit in he car . rain pound the windshield as we watch he expertly add vodka to a half - full bottle of orange juice . whip give the bottle a shake before take a long drink . whip take another drink before re-capping the bottle and stow it in the glove box . whip get out and we watch he walk in the rain towards the door of the hangar . a security guard meet he and take he inside . int . ntsb hangar -- the remains of flight 227 - day whip be now alone in the huge , brightly light hangar . he see the plane . the JR - 88 have all of its piece lay as close together as possible . like the skeleton of a T - rex in a museum . the sight be awesome , breathtaking . whip walk closer to the twisted wreck and stop . whip be overwhelm by the sight and as he be about to leave ... charlie step out of the passenger door and call down to whip . charlie here 's we guy . c'mon . whip walk towards a ramp that lead up to the hole in the plane where the door use to be . charlie stand at the top of the ramp . suddenly hugh step out of the plane ... hugh Captain whitaker , we have win . whip do not move as hugh start down the ramp . hugh ( cont 'd ) this be what we call in my profession a " walk over . " charlie they have schedule the hearing . it 's in 10 day . charlie and hugh reach the bottom of the ramp . 112 . hugh but this hearing can be tough . you just need to stay sharp and on course and answer the question correctly . it 's no longer a question of you condition but the condition of the plane . this pick directly at the scab of whip 's guilt . hugh ( cont 'd ) I have have a " Act of God " successfully add to the list of probable cause . whip look , it 's simple . I fly a break plane . charlie you get it . that 's right . whip and what about my toxicology report ? hugh ( try to stay calm ) I kill it . they have no physical proof that you be intoxicate on that plane . and no eye witness claim . but there 's a problem . this stop whip cold . hugh ( cont 'd ) because of the turbulence at the beginning of the flight and then the crash , there be never any drink service on the flight . but , they find two little vodka bottle in the galley trash bin . there be no physical evidence find on the bottle , no DNA , no finger print . but both the bottle be uncapped and empty . the only people who have access to that bottle and could have drank they be the flight crew . Margaret , Evans and camelia satou all have clean tox report . that leave you and trina Marquez . they let that land . whip nod . 113. whip okay . I see ... where this be go . that 's funny that they find two bottle . hugh why ? whip because I drank three . one 's miss . hugh explode in frustration . hugh lang when I meet you I could not believe what a flip , drunk , arrogant scumbag you be . whip fuck you too , Hugh . hugh lang but I do the research and hear the analysis from the expert . I be in awe of what you do . whip can I go now ? hugh get big as he have to add the final piece of credence to the coronation . hugh lang the ntsb and the faa take 10 experienced pilot and place they in simulators . they recreated all of the event that LED to this plane falling out of the sky ! hugh be so loud and emotional even whip lend focus . hugh lang ( cont 'd ) do you know how many be able to safely land this break plane ? everyone wait for the response as hugh acknowledge the debris around they ... hugh lang ( cont 'd ) not one . every pilot crash and kill everyone on board . 114 . whip yeah . so ? hugh you have no capacity to accept the responsibility for the miracle you perform and the life you save . whip great . I be go home . whip pull out he cigarettes and frees a smoke from the pack . hugh lang do you want to go to prison ? I be try to save you life ! charlie step between they as this exchange spiral . whip what fuck life ?! do not kill yourself on my account , Hugh . whip start to walk away . hugh okay , I be do here . I be run out a faith that this guy 's gonna make it , Charlie . whip ( turn on Hugh ) you wanna talk about I like I be not here ? like I be fuck dead ? hugh ( to whip now ) this ntsb hearing be a Federal Agency hear . do you understand that ? it 's in 10 day and if I show up with you like this ?! whip turn and walk . hugh wheel on charlie and light he up . hugh ( cont 'd ) everything we have do ? everything I have do ? go out the window . that 's not on I . I do my job . it 's you job , Charlie , to get he straight and get he to the church on time . 115 . whip yeah Charlie just get he home . sober he up long enough to save the union 's contract and that fat fuck 's airline . fuck you . I shoulda die on that plane . 106 whip walk away from they -- away from the bright , clean , 106 shiny floor of the hangar and into the grow rain storm . ext . road outside the whitaker farm -- day the rain have subside as whip pull up to he driveway . whip turn into the driveway and spot a news van in front of he house . he make a U -turn and speed away . ext . nice modest suburban neighborhood -- day the rain have completely stop but everything remain wet as whip bang he front tire in to the curb as he attempt to park in front of a well - maintain house . int . whip' buick -- parked - same time 111 whip check the mirror before take a long drink from a 111 large orange juice bottle . ext . nice modern suburban neighborhood -- moment later whip get out of he car and make he way across the street and towards the house . we notice ... the driver of a black prius that have be park farther down the street get out of he car , talk on a cell phone . ext . front door -- nice suburban home -- same time whip walk up the step and knock on the door . he wait a beat and knock again . finally , it open -- deana , a attractive , well - dress woman in she 40' , stand there stare . deana what be you do here ? whip it 's lovely to see you too deana . May I come in ? 116 . deana take a moment before step aside to allow whip in . int . suburban home -- same time whip glide into the kitchen of this fastidiously keep home . whip think i`d come see you and will . ( call out , loudly ) knuckle ! you here ? ( it 's very quiet ) we have not talk at all since this whole thing happen and I just think we should talk . deana you know that I prefer that you call we . whip call you ? like anyone in this house have call I in the last three year to say anything other than " where 's the money ? " deana have you be drink ? whip well that take ... what ? 17 second ? ( fake check he watch ) it take 17 second for you - deana I be gonna ask you to step outside of the house , please . whip ( have continue to rant ) lady and gentlemen it take exactly 17 second for deana coleman to ask I if I have be drink ! a new world record ! deana I be call the police . whip you be ask I to leave the house I buy for you ?! very good . will ( o.s. ) I be tell you to leave . 117 . whip turn to see he 16 year old son , will , stand at the foot of the stair near the door . whip William whitaker , junior . the man of the house . Nice of you to call I back . will I be tell you to leave . whip you be ? be you the man of the house ? will you upset my mother . you gotta go . whip I be you father , tough guy . will you be a drunk . now get the fuck out ! whip you do not know who the fuck I be ! will ( pull open the door ) I sure do not . whip what do you say ? will I say , " I sure do not . " why do not you tell I ? who the fuck be you ?! who be you ? huh ? who be you ?! deana now step between they and push will towards the stair as she put she hand on the doorknob . whip I be outta here . I be outta here . I know where I be not want . whip turn quietly . he open the door and walk outside to find ... 118. a growing gallery of news rat start jostling for pic whip be completely catch off guard . they step right onto the tiny landing with he . through the fraca we hear a variety of question lob at whip . deana' porch reporter # 1 how come you will not talk to the press ? deana' porch reporter # 2 a lot of people be go out of they way to keep you out of the media , be you hide something ? we hear the squelch of a police siren as a cop car land on the scene . deana' porch reporter # 3 do you still live here , Captain whitaker ? deana' porch reporter # 1 how well do you know katerina Marquez , the flight attendant that die ? a reporter trip down the stair . whip grab one of this news rat and just before pound he , he break in to a relaxed smile . whip folk , please give we some room . ( get down the stair ) at the appropriate time I will tell my story . now be a time for grieve and take care of that injure . thank you . I appreciate you interest in I but I ask that you leave my family in peace . the gallery quiet to listen and record he word . whip again be incredibly smooth and intuitive while drunk and under pressure . we can hear the squawk of police siren approach . whip start to head down the porch and the frenzy erupt again . 119 . the police begin to disperse the news rat . whip pull a officer aside . whip I be Captain whitaker , I be - young cop yes sir , I know who you be . whip can you get I to my car ? young cop ( study he ) anything you need , sir . whip walk with the young cop who shield he from the fray . int . whip' buick -- deana' STREET -- minute later we can see the young cop stand in front of the driver side door , shield whip from the press who stay away . 116 whip exhales , try to slow he racing heart and head . he 's 116 drunk but control . he look at he hand . they be shaking . int . charlie' house -- office - close on television - night we see whip on the tv repeat the speech he give reporter on deana 's front lawn ... whip now be a time for grieve and take care of that injure . thank you . I appreciate you interest in I but I ask that you leave my family in peace . a reporter now wrap up the piece ... television a reasonable request from a quiet , heroic man who 's be through so much . this be tilda banden report from devonwood . now a desk anchor change storey ... 120 . desk anchor in a related story , tonight at 10 cale rawson talk with aviation expert to see if the tragedy of flight 227 could have be avoid . we boom down to find whip who look drain as he sit on charlie 's couch in the fastidiously neat office . whip hold a unlit smoke . the wooden pocket door slide OPEN and charlie 's wife gesture towards whip . whip stand as charlie enter . whip hey , Charlie . thank you . amanda be so nice to let I in . it 's just ... I could not find a safe place . amanda slide the door shut as charlie throw he bag and he coat down with gusto . he reach up and push a button on the tv and it go off . charlie what the hell be wrong with you ? I speak to Hugh , he tell I that you go to you ex - wife 's house ? drunk as a skunk and the news crew show up ? ( whip just stare ) and the police escort you out ? whip I think it 's okay . I have be watch and I think it 's okay . charlie Hugh check every media outlet that cover it and it look like we be good . you come off fine . whip okay . good then . listen Charlie , here 's the deal - charlie no whip . no deal . look at you . I have no idea what you be gonna do or say , ever . you be all over the place . I be the one guy in you court . I be you apologist , you defender . but not anymore . 121. whip no . I can do this . charlie you be about to be question by a Federal Agency about piloting a airliner drunk ... a airliner that crash . and you continue to drink and stumble around . what kind of crazy do you have to be to do that ? I be scared of you . whip let 's just stick to the plan . charlie you can not stick to anything . whip this whole thing have just be so heavy , it 's kill I . tell Hugh , I can do it . look , I really wanna fly again , get back to my life and be do with all this shit . charlie this hearing be 10 day away . Hugh bust he ass to try to get you excuse , but there 's no way . you have to appear . whip let I stay here . they have my house all stake out now . let I stay here until the hearing , Charlie . I will not leave the house . charlie take a long look at he old , troubled friend . charlie you can not drink here , whip . you can not drink in my house . can you do that ? whip I will not drink . 118 charlie nod , hope that whip can deliver on that promise 118 122. int . ST . jerome HOTEL -- guest hallway -- night we watch a can of coca cola swing in whip 's hand . we pull out to find whip walk with charlie down a hallway of the ST . jerome HOTEL . time have pass as whip look the best we have ever see he look . he be well rest , well dress and carry a suit in a wardrobe bag . as we approach the open door to a guest room , hugh pop out . a plain clothes security guard follow hugh out of the room and stand behind he . hugh you look great , whip . I mean that . whip thank you . I feel really good . hugh I hear you have not have a drink in 8 day . whip 9 day ... ( check he watch ) two hour and 26 minute ... but who 's count ? charlie address the security guard . charlie Officer edmond ? officer edmond yes sir . charlie whip , Officer edmond will be stay here tonight . any problem he will handle it . hugh stand by the open door and gesture charlie and whip inside ... int . the ST . jerome HOTEL -- whip be room -- night hugh walk in to the center of the room and turn to whip . hugh well , whip we just want to make this as easy for you as possible . whip put he wardrobe bag down on the bed . 123. charlie just get a good night 's rest . relax , order up a steak , get a movie . whip be check he phone . hugh gesture to charlie for he to leave so they can be alone . charlie ( cont 'd ) okay , cowboy , I be out . the hearing start at 10 , so we should plan on 9 for breakfast here in the room . whip wait , Charlie , thanks for let I stay with you . I need it . charlie you do great cowboy . whip you have get a beautiful family . charlie I be very bless . charlie leave and hugh join whip at the window . hugh hand whip a thick folder . hugh lang I make you a copy of my entire file on you and the investigation . I also try to anticipate what you might be ask under oath and I write out some non- damaging response . it 's all in there ; photo , testimony , interview ... I call ellen block let she know that you be here and all tuck in . whip so do she have the knife out for I ? hugh lang remember she 's limited in what she can ask you . you be not on trial but you be under oath . she 's probably not happy that I kill the tox report , but you will be fine . whip laugh a little . 124 . hugh lang ( cont 'd ) I will see you in the morning . the two respectfully nod . hugh leave and the door shut behind he . whip put the folder on the table and step to the mini-bar . he bend down and open the fridge ... whip see the fridge be overly stock with soda and juice . every soft drink you can imagine . no booze , anywhere . whip chuckle about the alcohol removal as he grab a coke . whip unbutton he shirt and pull it out of he waist line . int . the ST . jerome HOTEL -- whip be room -- later whip sit on the edge of the bed eat a room service steak . the file folder sit on the table . whip' room -- later now in he undershirt and short , whip lie propped up on the bed watch television . the file folder now rest on the bed . whip' bathroom -- later whip be meticulously shave . he stare a long while at the disposable razor as the water run over its blade . after a moment he go back to shave . whip' room -- much later whip sit at the small table look through the file . he leaf through photo , with no recognizable emotion . he look to the clock radio -- 12:37 . whip' room -- bathroom -- later again we hear the shower run and steam fog the mirror . whip be room -- later than that whip wear boxer and a tee shirt with a towel around he neck . he look to the clock -- 2:07 we watch he suit be pulled from the wardrobe bag . whip lay the suit out neatly on the couch , separate the shirt which he hang from a light fixture to relax any crease . whip be room -- later yet again 125 . the room be dark . a soft wind rattle the window sash . whip lie on the bed . he sigh , sleep be allude he and the anxiety of tomorrow 's event on no sleep have he head spin . he hear a metallic click . he stay quiet to listen for it ... there it be again . a annoying click . the clock read " 3:43 " -- he sit up and switch on the light . he rub he eye and go to the table and see the file folder lay there . as he be about to pick it up he hear the metallic click again . he go to investigate . HOTEL room connecting door -- same time the connect door be unlock . whip arrive and wait . he now watch as the connect lock - bolt click against the frame -- the door swinging in a draft . he look up to see the culprit -- a heating vent . whip flip the vent close . whip now push the door with he finger , open it a few inch . nothing . darkness . whip hello ? anyone ? whip enter . int . connecting HOTEL room -- same the room be vacant . the bed be make . the drape be pull open . whip walk quietly on the carpet towards the window . the night be clear . quiet . whip take in the city light . whip' Pov -- among the glass and steel office building , whip spot a church spire . a simple cross be perch on top . whip look at the church , deep in think . then suddenly ... we hear a hum . the gentle hum of a electric motor . whip turn from the window and scan the room ... it 's the mini - bar refrigerator -- humming to life . 126 . whip stare at the gleam black box . the whir of the motor seem to get louder . Calling whip. beckone he ... whip look at the fridge . his face be blank , his eye tell we nothing . then ... whip step toward the box . close on the mini - bar . whip swing open the door . whoosh -- our dark screen light . color sparkle as a cadre of tiny liquor bottle glow like jewel in a chest . whip stare at the " glimmer gem " for a long , long time -- vodka , gin , wine , bourbon . the bottle shimmer -- amber , crystal , emerald , ruby . whip reach for a frost vodka mini bottle -- he gently pinch the neck of the bottle and lift it out of the fridge . he hold up the mini vodka and consider it . now whip slowly remove the stopper and smell the White whiskey . he look at the bottle once more , then slowly twist the tiny cap back on . with a look of solemn resignation , whip place the frost mini bottle on top of the fridge and walk away . we stay close on the bottle . the camera focus on the small bottle as a small droplet of condensation run down its side -- ever so slowly , slowly . then suddenly ... whap !!! in a flash , whip scoops the vodka out of frame !! int . the ST . jerome HOTEL - elevator door - morning the elevator door open and hugh and charlie step out and head down the hallway . we follow we guy as they approach whip 's room , find officer edmond exactly where we leave he -- in front of whip 's door . ext . the ST . jerome HOTEL - hallway - whip' door - day officer edmond stand up as charlie and hugh approach carry coffee . charlie good morning , how 's we man ? 127 . officer edmond not a peep . charlie knock on the door and check he watch as he wait for whip to answer . charlie cock he head , knock again . charlie I think you pilot oversleep . hugh you do not let any girl in there last night do you ? officer edmond no sir , not a soul . no one come in or out . they all wait awkwardly as hugh check he watch and knock on the door . more silence ... officer edmond ( cont 'd ) I have a room key . charlie take the room key and let himself in . int . the ST . jerome HOTEL -- whip be room -- morning charlie carefully enter whip 's room . he be spook by the silence . hugh join he as they take in the room . the bed look sleep in and the room service dinner tray rest politely on the dining table but whip be nowhere to be find . hugh lang do he disappear ? charlie tentatively walk around the empty room , the bathroom , the closet , until he finally see the adjoin room door . he turn to hugh with a surprised look . charlie whip ? hello ? charlie knock on the slightly open adjoin door . no response , so charlie lightly toss the door open . int . adjoining room -- same time charlie look in to find the scene of the crime . smoke still hang in the air and empty bottle and can cover every surface in the room . hugh join he ... 128. hugh where be he ? charlie whip ? whip ! charlie close he eye and say a silent prayer as he head for the bathroom ... bathroom -- adjoining room -- moment later charlie be stop by the sight of whip 's lifeless body wedge between the tub and the toilet . charlie whip ?!!! whip !!! charlie turn whip over to see he non-responsive face . hugh arrive and freak out . hugh be he dead ? charlie I don't know !!! hugh be he dead ?! whip yes !!! I be dead !!! charlie show immediate relief that whip be breathe . officer edmond have join they . officer edmond should I get a ambulance ? charlie yes ! hugh wait !... just wait , Charlie ... let 's think about this . the two stare at each other and realize they be both breathe heavily from the shock and stress of they predicament . charlie get he to the bed ... ( to the Officer ) 129 . can you wait outside and do not let anyone in here ? thank you . edmond leave . charlie and hugh drag whip out of the bathroom and flop he on the bed . hugh explode . hugh Son of a bitch ! you worthless motherfucker , what a waste ! I clear the deck for you ... you piece of shit . you just fuck it all up like the piss drunk you be ! hugh grab at whip 's collar and whip actually sit up and reach for hugh , a nice sign of life from whip . charlie woah !!! woah !!! woah !!! enough ! charlie pull hugh away from whip who fall back on the bed . charlie ( cont 'd ) what time be it ? hugh 9:14 , the hearing be in 46 minute . charlie how much grace do you think we get ? whip amazing grace ... how sweet the sound ... that save a wretch like I - hugh shut the fuck up you drunk ... whip I once be lose and now I be find be blind but ...now ... well I be still kinda blind . charlie we probably have a hour before we really need to get he to the hearing and it 's just downstairs . hugh we need a wheel chair . whip call harling may . 130 . charlie harling 's get a wheel chair ? whip harling 's get cocaine . hugh Cocaine ? Cocaine ?! hugh and charlie exchange a desperate look ... charlie what' he number !? hugh this be fuck insane . and criminal . whip 609-237-1184 . we be in 609 so just ... charlie ( dialing ) 237 ... 1184 ... whip 129 tell he I need bananas ... 129 int . the ST . jerome HOTEL -- whip be room -- morning charlie pray for a voice on the other end ... it appear ... charlie harling ? harling this be Charlie . I be a friend of whip 's ... yeah . we need you to do a very early , very discreet ...uhm ... whip need bananas and you need to bring they to the St. Jerome Hotel downtown ... how many bunch of bananas ? ( whip hold up 3 finger ) 3 be the answer I be get -- you will be well compensate ... the the St. Jerome Hotel room 1027 ... charlie hang up and look at whip who be mostly pass out again . charlie look to hugh . 131 . int . the . ST . jerome HOTEL -- elevator bank -- same time the elevator open and we see harling step from the elevator with he knapsack over he shoulder . teva sandal , sunglass . int . the ST . jerome HOTEL -- whip be room -- morning whip have a towel around he neck as he try to sip coffee . charlie sit opposite he at the small table by the window . the door burst open , and harling storm in . harling may ( singing ) come mista tally man tally I banana ... whip , what 's the deal man you look like you be hurtin ' for certain ... shut the door , interior lock ! harling place a leather doctor 's bag on the table . a anxious charlie reach for the bag which set harling into a frenzy . harling may ( cont 'd ) you do not touch the merch motherfucker !!! it 's quiet as harling give order . harling may ( cont 'd ) everyone except whip and myself take three step away from the table . as they step away , harling now pull a beautiful silver - frame mirror from he bag and a blue coke grinder , he calmly but sternly deliver order ... harling may ( cont 'd ) I need three thing . ( focus on Charlie ) two glass of water , a credit card and a hundred dollar bill . charlie all I have be a twenty . harling may ( take the card and bill ) that will do . and I need to make a coco puff . 132 . harling toss a pack of smoke to charlie . charlie a what ? hugh take the smoke from charlie and pull out a cigarette . harling stop grind , open the lid and pour out a nice smooth pile of coke . he begin a masterful ballet of cocaine manipulation . hugh million of dollar hang in the balance . hugh be remove the last quarter of a inch of tobacco from the end of the cigarette . charlie they hang on the consumption of a 300 dollar bag of cocaine . harling use the credit card to groom the coke into neat pile and line . he have a system . whip 's head sag as he again appear ready to pass out . harling may okay whip , just two small whiff first ... one on each side ... just a primer . use the mirror as a tray , harling hold the roll up 20 dollar bill just above the line of coke . whip slowly manage to place he face in position to ingest the coke . it 's tense as he head wobble . he finally zeroe in and snort the first line . harling quickly switch nostril . whip sniff the other side . harling may ( cont 'd ) Atta boy , head back now . swallow . Water , chief , you ! Water . charlie put the glass of water to whip 's mouth . whip drink . harling may ( cont 'd ) ( snap he finger ) Coco puff ... hugh hand harling the cigarette with a slightly hollow out tip . harling lean over the coke with the cigarette in he mouth and hoover up a small pile , suck the coke through the cigarette . 133. harling sit up , careful to keep the cocaine in the end of the cigarette . he tip it up and light it . harling may ( cont 'd ) Little coco puff buddy . c'mon banana man . who 's the banana man ? whip 's head level a look to harling with a smile that lead we to believe that he be actually make a rally . harling may ( cont 'd ) good man , focus up big dog . here 's the train comin ' to you . harling take a puff and hold it as he extend the cocaine cigarette to whip . whip be more nimble now as he cock he head in acceptance of the cigarette . whip take a drag and hold it . harling may ( cont 'd ) ( still hold the smoke ) keep it down big dog , banana boat 's comin ' tell I the banana boat 's comin ' ... whip finally exhales the smoke , harling do too . whip smile . whip the banana boat be here . harling may nothing can keep you down dog . nothing keep the big dog down . charlie okay , we gotta go . harling have craft 4 big line now , he snort one himself in record time . look to hugh and charlie . harling may you guy be up . hugh no , I be good . Charlie ? charlie be you fuck crazy ? whip jump in and sniff 2 huge line . he look to harling . whip thanks brother , I be back . 134 . harling gather he thing , stand and hug whip . harling may I love you man . whip I love you too . hugh and charlie be quiet as they watch the strange but sincere drug-fuele emotion pass between two old friend . harling eye charlie before hand he a baggie . harling may there 's a gram in here , you pay for it and he might need it . my work here be do . see you all on the dark side of the moon . harling leave and we trio exchange look , " do that just happen ? " ext . the ST . jerome HOTEL -- guest hallway -- day 133 the open bar of Joe cocker 's " feelin ' alright " crackle 133 just before we see whip step out of the hotel room and begin a relatively steady strut down the hallway . deja vu. sunglass on , whip be back by hugh and charlie who flank he from a few step behind . further back we can see that officer edward also exit the room wear latex glove , carry a large plastic garbage bag that obviously hold any evidence of the debauch night or the morning 's resurrection . int . the ST . jerome HOTEL -- elevator -- day whip , hugh and charlie ride the elevator . whip be buttone he shirt and fix he tie . it be miraculous how the coke have revive he . a mom and she 8 year old daughter get on the elevator . charlie Morning . we watch as a small trickle of blood escape from whip 's leave nostril . hugh pull a handkerchief from he pocket , hand it to whip . hugh you nose ... whip accept the handkerchief and wipe he nose . whip see blood on the cloth and tilt he head back . 135 . we now see that there be a mirrore ceiling to the elevator . whip try to study he reflection in the ceiling as he hold the hankie to he nose . whip begin to wobble and charlie help he regain he balance . int . the ST . jerome HOTEL -elevator lobby-moments later we trio walk as tall as they can towards the hearing room . hugh I be gonna head in and tell ellen block that we be here . hugh hustle off as charlie pull close to whip . charlie you be gonna make it . remember , if they ask about you drink , it 's totally acceptable to say , " I do not recall . " whip wheel on charlie and unload with focus anger ... whip do not tell I how to lie about my drink . I have be lie about my drink my whole life . as we disappear in to whip 's weary eye we hear the distinctive sound of a jetliner scream through the air . int . the ST . jerome HOTEL - ball room - ntsb hearing -day on two large screen we watch the grainy cell phone footage shot by a witness of southjet flight 227 's final moment in the sky . accompanying the video be the real audio of the cockpit voice recording ... the room have a dais where the ntsb board member sit . a large blue curtain be the back for the round ntsb shield that hang above the proceedings . a large drop down screen will show image , graph and text as need by the ntsb . a confident woman , ellen block , approach carry a file which she lay on the podium . ellen block that be difficult image to watch . for the record , I be ellen block , hear Officer for this hearing . Captain whitaker , good morning . 136 . we see whip who look rough but stable in he witness chair . whip Morning . ellen block what be capture on that video be that the aircraft be in a relatively stable glide just prior to the moment of impact . however , accord to the data we retrieve from the cockpit data recorder , at exactly 9:34 , after fly 27 minute without incident , the transponder record a loss in altitude in excess of 4800 foot per minute in what be consider a " full pitch nose down " attitude . then at 9:42 , accord to the data recorder , a decision be make to invert the aircraft . the ntsb have create animated simulation that I would like to play at this point . ellen point to the screen ... a ntsb animation show the plane pitching down and we follow it through the inversion of the plane while listen to the real audio of the flight crew . the animation have a split screen that also show the instrument and print text of what 's be say . we hear ... " what 's you son 's name ? " " why ? " " the black box " " I love you , trevor . be a good boy , mommy love you . " " what be we do ?! why would I trim down ?! " " we be gonna roll it . ready ? here we go . I have get control . " that last statement seem to echo as the presentation stop and the light come back up . we return to the hearing in progress . ellen block ( cont 'd ) that audio be tragic and compelling . I choose to play that part of the cockpit recording to highlight a key moment aboard flight 227 , wherein you say " we be gonna roll it , here we go , I have get control . " you make a very conscious decision to invert the airplane , to roll the plane upside down . be that correct ? 137 . whip I be not sure it be conscious . it be more of a instinct . ellen block what lead to that decision ? whip be clearly struggle in he chair . the coke get he there but it may start to fail he soon . whip I do not recall . ellen block let I quote from a investigative summary ... " from 9:34 until 9:42 the event on the aircraft be " ... again I quote , " bold and remarkable " ... " by invert the plane , Captain whitaker arrest the descent and allow the aircraft to level off enable he to glide the aircraft away from any populate area and allow he to execute a force landing in a open field . we hear a smatter of applause as the fact of he action be remarkable . whip I hear a metallic bang . we pitch nose down . no control . whip look ashen as the booze and chemical be still coursing through he exhaust frame . ellen block you have no idea what be wrong with the aircraft ? whip there be a lot of thing wrong with that aircraft . whip glance towards hugh and charlie who be poker - face . ellen block as I say before you can add any detail you like to any comment I make . do you remember any thing else that be out of the ordinary ? do you feel the flight crew be in they best shape ? 138. whip take a minute to digest this question . whip yes . ellen block it be raining very hard the morning you take off , be not it ? whip there be some convective activity in the area . however , my first officer and I discuss the condition on the field and determine that we be safely within we visibility and crosswind minimum . ellen block yes , first officer Evans ' testimony confirm the same . whip go quiet as ellen block look at he over she glass , see if he have any reaction . whip smile . ellen block ( cont 'd ) I want to show you something . hugh be freeze in a steely gaze ; charlie seem to hold he breath . ellen block ( cont 'd ) nothing 's happen . ellen point she remote at the projector but it do not work . ellen block ( cont 'd ) this remote be not work . apology . I can do it manually . she shrug and head down onto the stage closer to whip where she can advance the slide by touch the projector . we now see a screen where a slide be show a long metal screw the size of a trombone . ellen block ( cont 'd ) this be the jackscrew on the tail assembly which articulate the horizontal stabilizer -- also know as the elevator . as you can see , the thread on this screw be almost entirely go . " 139 . substandard thread life " be how we report it . this part be suggest as a maintenance replacement in January of 2010 . it be never replace . this have 1200 additional hour of flight on it . it finally fail . a animation show the tail assembly . we watch the elevator act as a wing on the tail that go up or down and make a plane get lift or descend . ellen block ( cont 'd ) we investigator have conclude that the jackscrew snap and the elevator be freeze in a fix position , lock the elevator in a down position which force the plane into a dive . the loss of the elevator be , and I quote we report , a " catastrophic event , from which recovery be improbable and stable flight impossible . " everyone go quiet as that word resonate . ellen 's tone change as she understand how hard this be for some people to hear as they think of they love one spend they last live minute on this earth in sheer terror . it be deathly quiet in the ballroom . even the PRESS be silent . ellen block ( cont 'd ) again I quote ... " from 9:34 until 9:42 the piloting decision make by Captain whitaker be bold and remarkable . the fact that Captain whitaker command that the aircraft stay invert while descend to a extremely low altitude show a miraculous intuition that in this instance save 96 life . " a genuine applause spread from the hearing room . ellen block allow this moment to happen . whip be fade , daze and uncomfortable with the unexpected adulation . he stand up . whip I appreciate that . 140 . the room get quiet as whip 's demeanor seem terse . whip stare at ellen , white with sweat and chemical . we see hugh grind he jaw as this line of question have he on tilt . ellen block Mr. whitaker , I want to talk about the day lead and hour lead up to the accident . but before I do , I want to remind you that you be under oath and any testimony that you give here today will be consider admissable in any subsequent hearing or criminal proceedings , do you understand what that mean ? whip nod . ellen block ( cont 'd ) Captain whitaker , for the record I need you to verbalize you answer . whip yes , I understand . ellen block on the three day lead up to the day of the accident -- Tuesday , October 11th , Wednesday , October 12th or Thursday , October 13th of 2011 -- do you consume any alcohol or other intoxicating element ? whip take he time . whip no. I do not . hugh and charlie sit stone face in the second row feel the relief of month of hard work . ellen block continue with a rote posture ... ellen block on the morning of the accident , Friday , October 14th , do you consume any alcohol or ingest any chemical or drug that may have impair you ability to perform you job ? 141 . whip no. I do not . ellen wrap up this line of question ... ellen block Mr. whitaker , do you now or have you ever have a problem with alcohol dependency , alcoholism or drug addiction ? whip wait for she to look at he ... this take a while ... whip no . hugh maintain a poker face ; charlie appear relieved . ellen sort through she note one last time . ellen block okay , Mr. whitaker , we be about do . ( she refer to she note ) due to the severe turbulence during the early part of the flight , you ask the flight crew to suspend the beverage service on the plane . be that correct ? whip yes . I suspend the drink service . ellen block be you aware that we investigator find two single - service vodka bottle in the galley trash bin ? slide now show the two SMALL vodka bottle in evidence . whip yes . ellen block there be 5 crew member on board the flight who would have have access to the beverage trolley . less than a hour after the accident , blood be take from each of the crew member . yourself ... 142. a southjet corporate photo of whip pop on to the large monitor . after ellen reference a member of the flight crew , they photo pop on to the monitor ... ellen block ( cont 'd ) first Officer Evans , flight attendant Margaret thomason and posthumously from camelia satou and katerina Marquez . katerina marquez photo do not pop up on the screen ... yet . ellen block ( cont 'd ) a toxicology analysis be perform and three of this test come back negative , one be disqualified for technical reason ... Hugh smile -- satisfied . ellen block ( cont 'd ) and one test positive for alcohol . it register a .17 blood alcohol level . be you aware of that ? whip I be now . ellen block miss Marquez be not only a colleague , but you know she outside of work ? correct ? whip outside of work ? not really . ellen block do you know miss Marquez have a drink problem ? whip no. I do not . ellen block do you ever see she drink to excess ? whip no. I do not . 143. ellen block do you know that she be twice treat for alcohol addiction ? the last time be 16 month ago and pay for by southjet Airlines ? whip no. I do not . a picture of trina 's beautiful smile face flash up on the big screen . ellen block be it you opinion that katerina Marquez drank the vodka on the plane ? whip smile at the photo of trina as if she can see he . he then shake he head to snap from the memory of she great spirit . he get serious as he bear he look down on ellen . whip can you repeat the question ? ellen block you opinion Captain . be it you opinion that katerina Marquez drank on that flight ? whip shake . he run he tremble hand through he hair . whip I be sorry . my what ... ellen block since she toxicology report be the only toxicology report that be admissable in this hearing , and she in fact test positive for alcohol , be it you opinion that katerina Marquez drank that 2 bottle of vodka on the flight ? whip drop he head and mutter something inaudible . ellen block ( cont 'd ) I be sorry Mr. whitaker , I could not hear you . what do you say ? whip I say ... God help I ... 144 . a confuse mumble rise in the room . whip 's response fluster ellen for a moment , but she recover quickly . ellen block yes , well . however , be it you opinion ... whip cut she off ... whip ( excessively loud ) it's my opinion ... ( lower he voice ) it 's my opinion ... trina did not ... drink the vodka . ellen block Excuse I , Mr. whitaker ... whip ( softly , to himself ) she save that boy 's life ... ellen block Captain whitaker can you speak louder - whip ( loud again ) I know for a fact that she did not drink that vodka ... whip stop . his whole body tremble , he face tighten . he look right at ellen ... whip ( cont 'd ) ... because I do . I drank the vodka . the crowd gasp , unsure of what they just hear ... charlie rocket out of he chair . charlie objection !!! ntsb officer # 2 please be seat sir . this be not a court room . now charlie return to he chair to find that hugh be go . charlie look around for hugh , no sign . he 's vanish . whip lean close to the microphone . 145 . whip I drank the vodka bottle on the plane . ellen block Mr. whitaker , in light of that remark , would you like to readdress ... whip you do not have to readdress anything . I drank the vodka ! ellen block on the three night before the accident , October 11th - whip on October 11th , 12th and 13th and 14th I be intoxicate . I drank alcohol on all of that day . I drank to excess . Chaos erupt further as reporter outnumber security . flash bulb pop repeatedly and large light be aim at the fraca on stage as video be take of the bizarre melee . ellen block Mr. whitaker , on the morning of october - whip I be drunk . I be drunk right now , miss block ... I be drunk right ... ( whip finally break down ) I be drunk now , because ... because I be a alcoholic . we have push into a tight shot on whip 's face as the sound in the room fade away . we stay tight on whip 's face as he let the moment unfold . suddenly the noise cut to silence . whip be look at the assembly . whip wipe tear from he eye . we hear whip 's voice as the dialogue pre-lap the image of he face . whip ( v.o. ) that be it ... I be do . it 's as if I would hit my life long limit for lie . a new angle show whip speak this word ... 146 . whip I could not tell one more lie . and maybe I be a sucker . because if I have just tell one more lie ? I could have walk away from that whole mess and keep my wing and my false sense of pride and most importantly I would have avoid be lock up here with all of you nice folk for the last 13 month . we hear laughter as we pull out from whip to realize that he be in fact wear a white penal jumpsuit and lead a aa meeting in a Federal prison . whip ( cont 'd ) it look like I will serve every day of the remain 4 plus year of my sentence . and that 's fair . I betrayed the public trust . I do . that 's what the judge explain to I . I have betrayed the public trust . the faa take my license . and that 's fair . the chance of I fly again be slim to none . and I accept that . int . mcrae federal penitentiary -- georgia -- day a large room house a aa meeting for about 50 inmate wear white jumpsuit . whip continue he story . whip I have have time to think about all of it . do a lot of write . I have write letter to each of the family that lose love one on my flight . some be able to hear my apology , some never will . I have also apologize to all the people who try to help I along the way , but I could not or would not listen , like my wife , I mean my ex wife ... ( he get emotional ) ... and my son . again , some be able to forgive I ... some never will . ( collect himself ) but at least I be sober , and I be grateful for that . whip give it to we straight ... 147 . whip ( cont 'd ) and this be gonna sound really stupid come from a man who 's in prison ... but for the first time in my life ... I be free . we hold close on whip 's face as we hear the metallic clang of prison door shutting . on the sound we cut to ... int . federal penitentiary -- cell -- day we pan across the concrete cell wall , look at a small , personal photo collage . we see a photo of nicole and sheila and a few other aa folk surround whip who sit in front of a birthday cake in the common room of the prison . we see a photo of whip 's dad as a airman . we ultimately land on a photo of nicole . we recognize it as the photo whip take on the porch of the whitaker farm . we pan down to find whip write in a journal . a guard come to the front of he cell . guard whitaker , you get a visitor . whip look at the guard and nod before take a last glance at the photo of nicole . ext . federal penitentiary -- guest yard -- day whip sit at a lone picnic table in a fence - enclose courtyard . he check he watch and look up . whip stand and walk towards we , towards he visitor . as he get closer we see a smile break across he face . a smile we have not see since he first see nicole . we reverse to see ... will -- whip 's 17 year old son stand next to a guard . guard you have 40 minute . whip knuckle , you be look good . ( beat ) I send you something for you birthday . will yeah . I get it . another beat as they can not find a way in to a conversation . 148. whip this be a real surprise ; a great surprise . I have not see you - whip choke up . will nod . it 's intense . whip motion to the table and they both sit . will pull out a notebook . will College counselor think I should come and interview you . whip great . a interview . okay . will I be write essay for college application . whip study he and laugh ... will nod and try to smile . whip listen will , it mean everything to I that you come here . you be a amazing kid and you deserve great thing ... again whip have to tamp down he emotion . will so can you help I with this essay ? whip yeah . of course . will pull out a small voice recorder and click it on ... will this essay . I have to do a essay call , " the most fascinating person I have never meet . " the two man just look at each other . whip and that 's I ? will nod , both man be struggle to keep it together . will can we pick up where we leave off ? whip nod , unsure as to where this be go . 149 . whip okay . will who be you ? whip good question . whip smile ... a great , familiar question . he begin to alternately laugh and sob as there be great relief in the promise of a connection with he son .