flipped by nora ephron & delia ephron base on the book by wendelin Van draanen June 8 , 2006 ext . a sycamore tree - day - five year ago a beautiful huge sycamore tree at the top of a hill somewhere outside Seattle , in one of the computer suburb near redmond . a move truck be come up the hill , follow by a suv . ext . loski house - STREET - day the move truck pull up in front of a very pleasant house with a neat , manicure front lawn and some pretty flower . it 's one of the larger house on the street . bryce loski , 8 , get out of the passenger side of the move van . he 's already handsome for good . his father rick get out of the driver 's side . bryce and he father dress similarly . the suv pull into the driveway and Rick 's wife patsy loski and they daughter lynetta , 12 , get out . patsy be trim , blond , cheerful , pert , the kind of woman who be always a little too pull - together . Pov : loski house - from the upper floor of the house across the STREET the four loskis walk up the front walkway to they new house and stand there stare at it . then bryce turn to look at the house across the street and we hear : juli ( v.o. ) the first day I meet bryce loski , I flip . ext . baker house across the STREET - day in the upper window we see juli baker , 8 , look out the window across the street . she 's a tomboy , freckle , adorable . juli ( v.o. , cont ) honestly , one look at he and I become a lunatic . she throw open the window and shout across the street . juli hi ! the loski family turn to look at the Baker house across the street . flippedldmay21 2 . it 's one of the smaller house on the street , and it 's as eccentric a house as the loski house be conventional . it 's not exactly ramshackle , but the lawn need cut , there 's a Santa Claus on the roof , there be several whirligigs in the front yard and a old Toyota in the driveway . the climb rise need pruning . a dog be sit on the front porch and he wake up and bark in a kind of half - ass way as Julie throw open the window . juli ( shouting ) hey , hi . I be juli Baker ! patsy bryce , how nice . I think she 's exactly you age . lynetta ( up to juli , be : bryce ) I be lynetta . this be my brother bryce . say hi , peabrain . bryce lynetta , zip it . juli welcome to the neighborhood ! it 's a great neighborhood ! you will love it ! on bryce : bryce ( voice over ) all I ever want be for juli Baker to leave I alone . juli I 'il be right down ! juli slam the window shut . Rick loski be look at the Baker house , at the Christmas decoration on the roof . rick what be we go to do about that Christmas decoration ? patsy I think you like the Christmas decoration . flippedldmay21 3. rick when we buy the house it be Christmas . I have no idea they keep they up all year . Rick start toward the move van . rick how be we ever go to sell this house if the house across the street have Christmas decoration all year ? patsy we be not sell this house . we just buy it . int . moving van - a few minute later bryce and he father be in the move van , unload box . juli pop up . she 's carry she soccer ball . juli here I be . I love move . bryce ( v.o. ) who love move ? juli I be great at move . bryce ( v.o. ) I find out later she 's great at everything . absolutely everything . she climb in , agile as a monkey and begin move box . rick loski hey , that be valuable . ext . truck - a second later Rick deposit juli out of the truck and onto the ground . rick loski you mom 's probably wonder where you be . juli she know where I am. flippedldmay 21 4 . she pick up she soccer ball , kick it elaborately in the air , drop it on the back of she foot , flip it back up into the air and catch it . juli ( to bryce ) I have two older brother , Matt and Mike , who look like twin . they have no interest in kid we age . if they seem like they be interested in you , they be not , they just want to torture you . some day you will be grateful to I for this tip . bryce ( v.o. ) how be I go to get rid of this girl ? rick loski ( to bryce ) bryce , be not it time for you to help you mother ? bryce sure thing . bryce jump off the truck . bryce ( v.o. ) I could not believe it . dad to the rescue . he do not like she either . I mean , what a show-off . and my own dad be put the ditch play in motion . bryce start toward the front door of he house . but juli follow . juli ( v.o . ) it be weird . I start to follow he -- bryce ( v.o . ) I hear she come after I but I could not believe it -- bryce look over he shoulder , see juli just behind he . juli ( v.o . ) I guess you have have to say I be chase he up the walkway -- flippedldmay 21 5 . bryce ( v.o. ) maybe it just sound like she be chase I , I mean , she could not be chase I , could she ? why would she be chase I ? juli ( v.o. ) I be just try to stop he so maybe we could play a little before he get trap inside -- bryce ( v.o. ) -- and she blast right past I grab my arm -- juli pass bryce , grab he arm and stop he . juli ( v.o. ) -- and the next thing I know he 's hold my hand , look right into my eye -- hold on they . on bryce , look at juli . on juli , look at bryce . juli ( v.o. ) my heart stop . it just stop beat . I mean , he eye . bryce ( v.o. ) I try to shake she off , but she just clamp on tight . juli ( v.o. ) they be gorgeous . and they be stare straight at I . bryce ( v.o. ) she look so sappy I could not believe it . juli ( v.o. ) I almost get my first kiss that day , I be sure of it . bryce ( v.o . ) if my mother have not come out of the door at that moment -- flippedldmay 21 6 . juli ( v.o. ) if he mother have not come out there 's just no tell what might have happen -- bryce 's mother come out the front door and look at the two of they . patsy well , I see you have meet my son . bryce untangle himself and shoot straight into the house . roll credit end credit ext . same STREET four year later bryce be now 12 year old . he 's mow the lawn , sit on the very latest version of a electric lawn mower . bryce ( v.o. ) it 's four year later , and guess what ? nothing 's change . the only real difference be that grandma die , mom 's mom , so grandpa move in . we see the front porch of the loski house . sitting on it be chet duncan , patsy loski 's father , a man in he early seventies . on the table next to he be a Tom clancy book and a copy of the newspaper , but Chet be not read , he 's just sit there . we see the Baker house . it 's slightly shabbier than it be , and there be more Christmas decoration . the grass be longer than ever . bryce ( v.o. ) and meanwhile I have still get my own personal stalker -- up in the Baker window we see juli , who 's now 12 too . she look out the window at bryce , who 's mow the lawn . juli hey , bryce ! good work ! bryce go on mow . flippedldmay21 7 . juli 's father ROBERT baker pull he batter pick - up truck into the driveway . a paint sign on the side of the truck say Robert Baker , general contractor . matt and mike , juli 's older brother , who be both 16 but not twin , get out of the truck with they father and start into the house . bryce ( v.o . ) my dad have this idea that if we do a really great job on we front lawn it might inspire the baker to clean up they yard , but guess what , it do not . patsy dinner everybody ! bryce turn off the mower and start into the house , past he grandfather . int . loski house - dusk the loski family be at the dinner table . food be be pass . lynetta , now 16 , lot of eye makeup , take a tiny portion . bryce help himself . Rick be eat spaghetti . no grandpa . patsy be that all you be eat , lynetta ? lynetta could be . she break up a tiny piece of a pasta strand and put it into she mouth , chew it slowly . patsy ( call to she grandfather who 's still outside ) dad ? dinner ? bryce I think he hear you . lynetta maybe he 's not hungry . Rick and patsy exchange a look . patsy do not say it , rick. flippedldmay 21 8. bryce do not say what ? patsy go to the front door . ext . front porch - continuous patsy dad ? come on . you gotta eat . her father shake he head no . ext . loski house - night bryce in bed . light be out . on bryce , listen through the wall to a barely - audible fight between he parent . patsy look , he 's heartbroken . rick he should be live with people in the same situation -- patsy I be not send he to a home -- rick he hate I . patsy he do not hate you . hold on bryce , listen . ext . loski house - morning as bryce come out the door . his grandfather be sit in the chair , rock . bryce Morning , grandpa . his grandfather do not answer . bryce start down the block . flippedldmay21 9. ext . sycamore tree - day the huge sycamore tree at the top of the hill . about EIGHT kide be stand under it , wait for the school bus . bryce join they . a beat . four of the kid be girl , include shelly stall , another seventh grader who be hang around with she friend . they be all in tank top and jeans , and lot of accessory . most of they be wear I - pod . shelly hi bryce . bryce hi shelly . all the other girl hi bryce . juli ( shout ) the bus be three block away ! everyone look up . juli be sit about halfway up the sycamore tree . she can see the road . juli two and a half ! everyone stare at each other and shrug . typical juli. juli start to shimmy down the tree . there 's a spiral slide halfway down and juli put she arm out into the air as if she 's fly . she land on the ground just as the bus be a block away . juli ( to the group ) here 's the thing about sycamore tree , you almost never find they all bunched up together . they be individual . they do not need company . the bus stop and everyone start to get into it . int . bus - continuous bryce sit down in the bus with he friend garrett . juli sit right in front of he , with she friend darla . on bryce , she hand flippedidmay21 10 . darla hey , Jules -- juli hey , Darla . bryce , do you realize that tree could be a hundred year old easily ? which mean it could practically be the oldest thing in this entire town . bryce ( v.o. ) here 's the deal . I always try to ignore juli , but she always end up suck I in . juli it could be two hundred year old . bryce I seriously doubt that . juli well it could . determine to ignore juli . juli ( continue ) it could . bryce that tree be a ugly mutant tangle of gnarly branch . darla bryce loski , how can you say that about a tree ? juli he can not help it . he 's visually challenge . ( she pull a sycamore leaf out of she notebook ) a lot of people confuse the sycamore leaf with a maple but it 's not . the leaf to bryce . juli keep it . flippedidmay21 11. int . classroom - day in front of the class be the teacher , miss brubeck . miss brubeck the science fair be in six week -- juli be sit behind bryce . every so often juli lean forward and take a sniff of bryce 's hair . miss brubeck -- and good science project take time . shelly small look over at juli lean forward to sniff bryce . bryce ( v.o. ) here 's something I forget to mention . on top of everything else , she like to sniff I -- juli ( v.o. ) his hair smell like watermelon -- bryce ( v.o. ) and she think I do not know she be do it -- juli ( v.o. ) so I would just lean over very subtly , and I swear to God he never even know I be take a whiff -- juli notice at shelly stall be stare at she . she stop sniff bryce 's hair . shelly smirk at she and roll she eye at she friend miranda . miss brubeck shelly , do you have some problem with the science project ? shelly no , miss brubeck . miss brubeck so please have you project in mind by next Monday . the bell ring . flippedidmay21 12. shelly look back at juli . shelly you know what you should do you project on ? obsession . she stand up to leave . int . classroom - after CLASS everyone be filing out of the room . juli be gather up she thing . miss brubeck do you have a science project , juli ? juli no . but I will . miss brubeck of course you will . juli although I wish I know what it be . miss brubeck I have a friend who have chicken . I could get you fertilize egg , and you could hatch they -- juli what if they die ? miss brubeck well if you document it , you 'il still get a a , if that 's what you care about . juli I do not care about get a A. miss brubeck look at she . juli okay I do . miss brubeck smile at she . flippedidmay21 13. int . baker house - kitchen - dusk juli 's mother trina be cooking dinner . she 's tall and pretty , wear jeans and a pullover sweater . juli be make a salad , which she put on the table . as Mike , Matt and Robert come into the kitchen : juli I might hatch chicken for the science project . miss brubeck can get I egg -- trina why do not you just grow bean ? juli that 's like a third - grade thing . mike make a volcano . matt volcano , dude . juli volcanos be so lame . they be so '' poy '' . ROBERT I could help you make a incubator . juli you could ? trina something smell funny in here . do you smell something funny ? matt nope . int . loski house - night dinner . Rick , patsy , lynetta , bryce and patsy 's father Chet . Chet be not say anything . bryce whatever I do I be not do the volcano thing . flippedidmay21 14 . lynetta why do not you do plant ? bryce plant ? lynetta you plant two set of plant and one of they you talk to and the other one you do not talk to and then you see which one grow more . bryce oh sure . I talk to plant . rick what 's wrong with the volcano thing ? lynetta it be so lame . int . baker basement - night there be six egg in a hygrometer , label Abby , bonnie , clyde , dexter , Eunice and Florence . juli be watch she father paint a landscape . the basement be fill with painter 's supplies . ROBERT a painting be all about light . of course , it 's also about composition , and about whatever you be painting , but it 's the light that make a painting more than the sum of its part -- on Robert , painting . his brush dip into the oil paint and onto the canvas , dapple light into the landscape . int . loski kitchen - morning lynetta be get ready to go to school , Rick be pour coffee , patsy read the paper , bryce eat breakfast . lynetta okay . here 's another idea . you put celery in red ink. flippedidmay21 15 . bryce which prove what ? lynetta ( as to a idiot ) the ink turn the celery red , prove that a plant suck up moisture . it 's like put a flower in water . bryce so why not just put a flower in water ? lynetta why I bother help you I will never know . I know , build a computer . patsy what 's the Baker girl do ? bryce she be hatching egg . rick that girl love to grandstand . int . baker basement - night juli 's father hold one of juli 's egg up to a cardboard tube and aim a flashlight at it . ROBERT people use to use candle to do this . look . you can see the embryo . juli look . we can see the embryo . ROBERT see the dark spot in the middle ? with all the vein lead to it ? we see it . it 's pulsing . juli oh my God ! ( shouting upstairs ) everybody ! wait till you see this ! flippedidmay21 16 . int . baker basement - a few minute later all the baker be look at the egg . juli bonnie 's heart be beat . trina congratulation . you be a mother . trina start up the stair , follow by Matt and Mike . trina I still smell that smell . int . live room - day as trina , Matt and Mike come into the live room . they dog , champ , be pee on the end table leg . trina champ , what be you do ? I know it . I just know it . the mystery smell come from the mystery pisser . do you see that ? Robert and juli come up the stair . Robert go over to look . ROBERT it 's barely a drop . trina exactly . which be why I have never be able to find anything . that dog stay outside from now on . matt mystery pisser . mike cool name . they high - five each other . ext . sky - day a beautiful blue kite be fly in the sky . flippedidmay21 17 . juli and Darla walk home from school . they be kick a soccer ball down the block . when they get to Darla 's house , Darla peel off , with the soccer ball . Julie continue on , and look up to see the kite . it crash into the top of the sycamore tree . on juli , look up at the tree . juli ( v.o. ) I always know the sycamore tree be the great tree ever . it hada build - in slide , almost a complete spiral , and it be great to ride it down . but I have never be to the top until the day the kite get catch up there . juli start to climb the tree . Inside the tree , as she get higher and higher . she look up and there 's the kite , flash through the branch . she look down and realize she 's way up in the tree . now she look out and see bryce . he 's look up at the tree . juli ( v.o. ) and then it turn out to be bryce 's kite . bryce hey , you do not have to get that -- juli ( v.o. ) I can get it -- bryce it 's too high , you will fall -- juli I can get it -- she shinny up higher . she look around . Higher than she 's ever be . flippedidmay21 18 . bryce hey , it 's okay , I can get another kite . juli , you be make I nervous . juli gulp . juli no problem . she reach out for the kite . but the string be tangle . she untangle it . for a moment she almost lose she balance . bryce break the string ! juli reach out to break the string and grab the kite . and suddenly she 's on top of the tree , look out . juli 's Pov : the view be heart-stopping . a gorgeous sky in blue and violet , fluffy cloud she could float away on , sunlight dapple the tree-tops and roof . on juliana , on top of the tree turn she head to see the world from every angle . the light change every which way she look . wide shot : a young girl at the top of a giant sycamore tree . close on juli : elate . bryce ( 0.s. ) be you okay ? juli awaken from she reverie , and start down the tree . ext . bottom of the tree - continuous as juli land on the earth , hold the kite . she hand it to bryce . bryce thanks . juli I be on top of the world . you should have see it . you should have see the light . she turn and start home , with champ. flippedidmay21 19 . ext . baker house - dusk juli dance around she father as he get out of the truck and head into the house . juli I be up so high and I be not afraid . I feel like I be fly . int . kitchen - continuous the Baker family be make dinner . juli everything sparkle , like it have just be wash . and I could smell the breeze , it smell like sunshine -- int . basement - night as she father paint and juli work on she egg chart . juli I totally understand what you mean about the sum of the part . dad , you have get to do it , you have get to climb the tree . ROBERT I think my tree-climbing day be over . there 's a noise . a little noise . juli look into the incubator . one of the egg be start to hatch . juli yow ! look at this ! can you believe this !!! everyone !!!! bryce ( v.o . ) my friend , there be not a lot to incubate egg . you have get you light , you have get you container , you have get some shred newspaper , and that 's it . ( continue ) flippedidmay21 20. int . auditorium - science fair - night as bryce , with he parent , walk in carry a large cardboard tray with a mound of sand pile onto it . this be a volcano . bryce ( v.o. ) but not juli . it 's a miracle she do not turn up at the science fair in a chicken suit . at least six other boy have also make volcanos . one of the boy light a match . the top of he volcano start to sputter . Imitation lava flow down the side . no one be look at that volcano or at bryce . nor be they look at shelly stall 's science project , which be a study of how long lipstick stay on you mouth , in comparison to lip gloss . there be fifteen large photograph of shelly 's lip . shelly stand there . shelly hi , bryce . she pucker she lip at he . but bryce be look over at a crowd of people . they be look at juli and she incubator . tiny fuzzy chick and two little egg crack open ... bryce ( v.o. ) listen to this , she actually manage to time it so the last two egg hatched during the fair . a baby chick emerge from the shell . the entire group of spectator : awwwwwwww . bryce ( v.o. ) how do a person do that ? int . same scene - later juli stand on stage in front of a row of judge . she have she incubator and a huge bulletin board with photo and diagram . she have a laser pointer . flippedidmay21 21 . bryce ( v.o . ) ( with disdain ) and yes that be a laser pointer . to light this diagram or that part of the incubator or this section of the chart and talk about how unbelievably exciting -- bryce , eye narrow , watch ... juli ( to the judge ) it be unbelievably exciting -- bryce ( v.o. ) -- it be to watch egg grow for twenty - one day . on the audience , watch . juli 's parent and Matt and Mike , so proud . juli 's friend Darla watch too . bryce ( v.o. ) and guess what ? the audience burst into applause . int . science fair - a hour later as Mrs. brubeck pin a blue ribbon on juli . bryce ( v.o. ) that 's right . she win first prize . juli and I want to thank mom who be such a great supporter , my amazing dad , who help I build the incubator , and my brother who do nothing -- the audience laugh . on bryce , not laugh . ext . school - night bryce be carry he volcano out of the school . come up to he . shelly you lava be great , bryce -- shelly flippedidmay21 22. bryce toss the volcano into a dumpster . ext . same scene - continuous juli come outside . Darla be help she carry the incubator . everyone congratulate juli . her parent and brother be wait . trina but that go back to Mrs. brubeck , right ? juli be you kid I ? trina they be come home ? juli where else would they go ? trina Darla could take they . darla my mom would kill I . darla 's mom appear . darla 's mom I would . I would kill she . ext . baker house - night as they get out of the van and walk into the house . trina but where be we go to raise chicken ? ROBERT in the yard . they be very low maintenance . they eat bug . the family go into the house . juli ( v.o. ) so that 's how we wound up with chicken . ( continue ) flippedidmay21 23. hold on the front of the house ext . baker yard - day - a month later six chicken in the front yard . juli ( v.o. , cont . ) but what none of we think of be that six chicken scratch for bug not only get rid of bug , it also tear up grass . so pretty soon there be nothing whatsoever leave of we yard . ( continue ) we see there 's almost no grass leave in the yard . across the street , we see bryce , mow the perfect loski lawn . juli ( v.o. , continued ) and I be sorry to say this , but chicken feed attract mouse . ( continue ) we see Matt and Mike , set out some very simple mousetrap . juli ( v.o. , continued ) so my brother decide , as long as we have get mouse , might as well get a snake . snake love mouse . int . baker house - day as trina Baker go up the stair . hold on the stair as we hear she open the door to Matt and Mike 's room . she scream . trina ( 0.c . ) what be a snake do in this house ? be you plan to tell I about this ? ext . baker garage - day the snake be now live in a large aquarium in the garage . Matt , Mike and Robert be show it to trina. flippedidmay21 24 . ROBERT trina , it will be fine . boa constrictor be really no trouble at all . int . baker den - day trina be work at she computer as juli come into the room . juli Mom , guess what ? she hold out she palm . egg . trina no. honey , no . no more chicken , please I can not take this . juli not chicken , egg . just egg . trina egg . CUT to : a egg , cracking into a BOWL . crack into a bowl . a plate of scrambled egg ... it 's pass around the table , everyone ooh and ahhing about how great they taste . ROBERT there be nothing in the world like a fresh egg . a plate of devill egg Robert pop one into he mouth . ROBERT this be as good as my mother 's devill egg . flippedldmay21 25 . a BOWL of egg salad as Robert heaps egg salad onto he plate . ROBERT Love egg salad . Love it . trina good thing you do . a egg in someone 's hand ... int . skyler brown 's garage - another day there 's a lot of rock and roll stuff -- guitar , drum , amplifier and a upright piano . lynetta stand in the garage with a egg in she hand . ona table be the boa constrictor . next to she be she boyfriend skyler browne . a group of friend , include juli 's brother Matt and Mike watch . skyler step up next to lynetta . skyler to the riddle of which come first , we have a answer . the egg come first . lynetta wave the egg theatrically in the air . bryce come into the garage , look for lynetta . Matt spot he . matt bryce , my man , just in time for the skyler and lynetta show . bryce ( to lynetta ) Mom want you . matt give the baby bro a front row seat . come on , do not be shy , step right up ... on bryce , shove into the front . bryce 's mouth gape open when he see the snake . flippedidmay21 26 . skyler lynetta , the egg please . lynetta hold up the egg as if she 's the magician 's helper , display it this way and that , lock lip with skyler and then hand the egg over to he . skyler hand the egg to Mike . mike here 's where I come in . ( to the snake ) ready ? on bryce watching as ... Mike give the egg to the snake , which open its mouth wide and ingest the egg whole . we can see the egg in the boa 's neck . on bryce , freaked . and then the boa swallows a second egg . and then a third egg . on bryce , completely disgust . mike so brycie boy , how be he go to digest this ? he need a tree or a leg . ( lean in close ) want to volunteer yours ? everyone laugh . Mike release the snake to the floor . mike aww , too bad . he 's get another idea . he 's go to use the piano instead . the snake slither over and wrap itself around the piano leg . matt shhh , everyone , here go . everyone watch . the snake stop move , then flexe . the SOUND of the egg crunching inside . flippedidmay21 27 . mike ( theatrically ) dinner be serve . crunch crunch crunch . ext . STREET - later bryce and lynetta walk home . bryce so sick . lynetta so cool -- bryce I be never eat a egg again . the SOUND of a doorbell ringing . ext . loski house - a week later - day as bryce open the door . juli be stand there with a half - carton of egg . juli you know my chicken ? from the science fair ? bryce ( how could I forget they ) yeah . juli so this be for you and you family . she hand he the egg . bryce oh . thanks . int . loski house - kitchen the half - carton of egg be on the table . everyone be have a kind of informal breakfast -- bryce , lynetta ( whose makeup from the night before be sort of run from she eye ) , patsy , Rick and Chet . Chet be read the newspaper . flippedidmay21 28 . patsy scramble ? fry ? bryce I be have cereal . patsy more coffee dad ? Chet barely respond . patsy pour more coffee in he cup . patsy ( back to bryce and the egg ) what about soft-boile ? lynetta bryce be never eat another egg . because of the snake -- patsy what snake ? lynetta ( as if it 's common knowledge ) there 's a snake live across the street at the baker 's , a boa constrictor -- patsy across the street ? live across the street ? lynetta -- he 's kind of the mascot for the guy 's band . mystery pisser . patsy that 's the name of the snake ? bryce that 's the name of the band . patsy what kind of parent would let they child name a band something like that ? it 's vile . flippedidmay21 29 . rick they house be worth more because they be across the street from we and we house be worth less because we be across the street from they . they all look at the carton of egg . patsy pick one up , turn it around . patsy what if you crack it open and there be a chick in it ? lynetta ewwww . she put it back into the carton . he shrug . bryce I be have cereal . rick to be perfectly honest , I have never be entirely sure how a egg get fertilize . ( he laugh ) I know I should know . I know rooster have to be involved . bird do it , bee do it , but how do they do it ? patsy do they have sex with the hen ? rick well they must . a pause at the table . a beat . patsy they must . Chet look up from he newspaper . chet as with all bird , there have to be mate for fertilization to occur. ( continue ) flippedidmay 21 30 . Chet be speak . everyone be rivete . chet ( cont ’d ) although it 's not particularly romantic . the rooster pick a hen , usually on the basis of proximity , grab she by the back of the head , climb on she back , and you can pretty much figure out the rest . the whole thing take about 15 second give or take , and as far as anyone can tell , the only satisfy thing about the encounter as far as the hen be concerned be that afterwards she fluff up she feather . ( beat ) in any case , there be no rooster at the baker , I will swear to it . if there be rooster , we would know . you can hear rooster . lynetta cock a doodle doo . chet exactly . patsy ( so pleased that he 's finally say something ) grandpa ! Chet go back to he newspaper . bryce I be have second on cereal . bryce well it 's easy to find out if there be rooster . just ask lynetta to ask juli 's brother . patsy what be they name again ? bryce Matt and Mike . or get lynetta to get skyler to ask they . lynetta shut up , bryce . flippedidmay21 31. bryce what do I do now ? lynetta have not you notice I have not be go down there , jerk ? bryce since when ? lynetta since yesterday . lynetta burst into tear . patsy do something happen with you and skyler ? lynetta like you care . she leave the room . rick oh boy . ext . loski back yard - night Rick and bryce be put golf ball . Chet be on the back porch . rick why do not you just ask juli Baker ? bryce I be not ask she anything . chet ( from the porch ) they have no rooster . rick just ask she . ext . alley behind baker house - day as bryce and he friend garrett come down the back alley to the fence behind the Baker house . they look over it . flippedidmay21 32 . a mess . much worse than the front yard . there 's a makeshift chicken coop and a few old piece of lawn furniture . champ the dog be asleep . ext . baker house - continuous juli open the back door and come out of the house . she 's carry a basket to gather egg . garrett and bryce duck down behind the fence . as juli get down on she hand and knee and dive into the chicken coop . the hen fly out of it . bryce no rooster . garrett correctomundo . int . loski house - night back at the dinner table . bryce anyway , you guy can eat the egg , but there 's no way I be go to touch they , so do not even ask . rick why 's that ? bryce there 's poop all over the place . lynetta Gross . bryce Chicken turd everywhere . lynetta stand up and leave the table . lynetta you expect I to eat after this ? patsy lynetta . you have to eat something . flippedidmay21 33 . lynetta no I do not ! she leave the room and stick she head back in . lynetta do the word salmonella mean anything to you ? she split again . patsy do you think the egg could have salmonella ? bryce they be probably pack with it . one bite -- ( he grab he neck and pretend to gag to death ) rick I can not believe you do not just ask she . you be afraid of that girl . bryce she just bug I . she bug you too . rick just take back the egg and tell they we do not eat egg . tell she we be allergic to they , or something . patsy well that would be a lie . you want he to lie ? rick that 's not the point . the point be , he spy on someone 's yard instead of ask a simple question . on Chet , look at Rick . clearly he think Rick be bully bryce . rick ( to Chet ) what be it ? flippedidmay21 34 . chet nothing . Chet look back down at he plate . rick ( back to bryce ) just tell she , no egg . I expect you to look that girl square in the eye . doorbell ring . int . loski house - day bryce ( v.o. ) so this be I , look she square in the eye . bryce open the door for juli . she hand he some egg . he can hardly look at she . bryce ( v.o. ) and this be I , tell she '' no egg . '' bryce thanks , juli . he close the door . on bryce . mortify . he turn around and we hold on he with he back to the door , hold the egg . now what ? we hear he parent 's door open upstairs . rick ( 0.c. ) I 'il be back about six . as he father start downstairs , bryce quickly go into : int . kitchen - continuous he open the door to the trash below the sink , stuff the egg into it . juli ( v.o. ) see there be so many egg that I have to give they away . ( more ) flippedldmay21 35 . juli ( v.0o . ) ( cont would ) to the loskis , and to we we next door neighbor Mrs. stueby -- ext . stueby house - day as juli bring she some egg . juli ( v.o. , cont . ) who start pay I for they . two dollar a dozen . mrs . stueby nothing like free-range egg . juli ( v.0 . ) and then Mrs. stueby tell Mrs. helm -- ext . helm house - day as juli drop egg off to mrs . helm , who also pay she . ext . loski house - day as juli cross the street . juli ( v.o. , continued ) and when I bring the egg to the loskis , it be so great -- as bryce throw open the door again . juli ( v.o. ) because it be like bryce be look forward to I come . bryce ( v.o. ) I dread it -- juli ( v.o. ) and he always say , '' thanks , juli '' - bryce thanks , juli . juli ( v.o . ) -- like he really really mean it -- flippedidmay 21 36 . bryce ( v.o. ) I sound so fake I could not believe it -- juli ( v.o. ) the best , shiniest egg go straight to the loskis , and in return I get a few moment alone with the world 's most dazzle eye . bryce ( v.o. ) I could hardly even look at she . int . kitchen wastebasket - day more egg be stuff into the wastebasket . ext . baker house - morning juli , wear she school backpack , come out of she house with some egg . juli ( v.o . ) and then something happen that change everything and it have nothing to do with egg . ( continue ) ext . STREET —- day a gorgeous day . juli walk toward the sycamore tree and the bus stop , where several kid be wait for the bus . juli ( v.o. ) and it happen on the most beautiful day , which just go to show you that terrible thing can happen when you least expect they -- she drop she backpack , jump onto the lowest branch and climb up . ext . top of the tree - continuous as juli climb through the high branch to she perch at the very top . juli 's view - glorious . flippedidmay21 37. on juli , savore the morning , the sunlight , the breeze . ext . bottom of the tree - continuous Darla 's at the base of the tree , as well as shelly stall . there 's a slightly dorky boy , jon trulock . juli ( up in the tree ) what a morning ! ext . STREET - a little later bryce and garrett and a couple of other kid walk down the street to the bus stop . juli the sun be send streak of fire from one end of the world to another ! bryce and the other kid look at each other . typical juli . suddenly two big truck pull into the bus stop , and four workmen get out . one of the kide you can not park there , that 's the bus stop -- workman # 1 sure we can . juli ( from up in the tree ) hey , that 's the bus stop -- the workmen look up at the tree . workman # 1 be someone up there ? workman # 2 who 's up there ? jon trulock juli Baker . juli ( shouting down ) -- so move you truck . flippedidmay21 38 . workman # 1 be she crazy ? jon trulock no . shelly yes , actually she be . workman # 2 well , this tree 's come down , so she 's get to get out of it . bryce the tree 's come down ? what do you mean the tree 's come down ? foreman I mean the tree 's come down . ( call up to juli ) hey , girl . you gotta come down from there . workman # 1 how do she get up there ? bryce she climb . darla juli , they be tear down the tree ! jon trulock they be serious ! two workmen take chain saw out of the truck . on juli , on top of the tree ... juli ( shock ) this tree ? the sycamore tree ? workman # 2 yeah , whatever , it 's go . come on down . bryce they have chain saw . darla huge one . flippedidmay21 39 . juli ( shouting down ) who say you could ? who give you permission ? workman ( shouting back ) the owner , that 's who . darla ( also shouting up ) the owner . juli ( shouting down ) he have no right ! workman ( shouting up ) he 's building himself a house and he can not very well do it with this tree in the way . now , come down from there , we get work to do . darla ( shouting up ) the owner 's the owner . in the distance , the school bus be come . shelly Bus be come . darla juli , the bus be come . juli no . no , I will not . you can not cut it down , you just can not ! this tree be a historical landmark ! on the workmen , look at each other , what be go on ? bryce she love the tree . workman # 1 spare I . shelly she 's bananas . on bryce , flippedidmay21 40 . workman # 2 ( call ) come down from there . juli no! bryce ( to the workman ) can I speak to you privately ? workman # 1 no. bryce ( quietly ) if you cut down the tree , it 'il be like cut out she heart . that tree be , like , 200 year old . workman you girlfriend 's a nut . bryce she 's not my girlfriend -- workman ( shouting up to juli ) I 'o 1l call the police . do you want I to call the police ? juli ( shouting back ) I do not care ! workman I be call they . we have get papers here -- ( he wave they ) darla ( shouting to juli ) they have papers . they be go to arrest you . it 's go to go on you college application . juli I be not come down from this tree ! I be never come down ! as the school bus arrive . flippedidmay21 41 . juli you be go to have to cut I down ! all the kid wave at she to come down : juli , come down , juli , please , you be go to get in trouble . bryce juli , they mean it . come down . juli ( call to she friend ) no , you come up ! all of you ! Darla , everybody ! if we be all up here they can not cut it down ! on the kide , look up at she . jon trulock be clearly tear . jon juli , I can not climb that tree -- darla I either . juli ( plead ) you do not have to climb this high . just a little way . have not you ever hear of civil disobedience ? the bus driver get out of the school bus . bus driver be we go to school or what ? a couple of the kid start toward the bus . Darla be stricken . bryce be tear . juli please . please . oh man -- one by one , the kid get on the bus . bryce be last . juli bryce , please , if you just come up here , we can save it -- bryce get on the bus . the bus take off . flippedidmay21 42. juli , on top of the tree , watch the bus pull away . workman # 1 take out a cell phone to call the police . ext . loski porch - a few minute later Chet Duncan be sit on the front porch , read the paper . we hear the sound of a siren . Chet look up . as he do , two police car pass , then a fire engine . Chet stand . a local news truck pass . Chet walk out to the street and start walk . as he walk , trina hurry past he . ext . base of sycamore tree - a little later Chet among a crowd of neighbor , firemen , newsmen , news truck , the workmen . trina be on she cellphone , try to reach she husband . trina ( to Rob 's message ) I can not believe you be not answer . call I when you get this message . ext . lumberyard - same time Robert Baker be supervise as raw wood be be load into he pickup . the sound of a buzz see cut plank drown out the sound of he cell phone . ext . base of sycamore tree - a little later some workmen and firemen be attempt to reason with trina . trina it 's something that my daughter feel very strongly about . flippedidmay21 43 . juli ( shouting down ) I be not come down , Mom ! trina ( shouting back ) that 's what I tell they . on juli , in the tree . SUN gradually shine even more brightly as we head toward noon . newscaster it 's be three hour , and juli Baker be still up in that tree , refuse to come down . ext . same scene - later a truck pull up , deliver pizza . the crowd be bigger . Chet be still there , as be trina . a florid man in a expensive suit -- the owner of the property -- get out and begin confer with police . long shot of juli , fierce and brave and defiant , at the top of the sycamore . trina , once again on the cellphone . trina where be you ? ext . redmond house - day Rob , have unload the lumber , be talk to a mason at the construction job he 's supervise . there 's a small cement mixer that drown out the ring of the cellphone . ext . road - day Rob drive the pickup truck on a two - lane highway . he turn on the radio . matt 's voice ( on radio ) we sister 's impossible . mike 's voice ( on radio ) stubborn . flippedidmay21 44. matt 's voice ( on radio ) a nightmare . mike 's voice ( on radio ) but we back she a thousand per cent ! on Robert . what ? radio broadcaster as of now , juli Baker have be at the top of the sycamore tree for six hour -- on Robert , floor . he make a u-turn . ext . base of sycamore tree - continuous the crowd be larger . Matt and Mike continue to give interview to anyone who 's interested . maybe Mike mention they band , mystery pisser . there 's a ice cream truck . Chet be eat a eskimo pie . ext . trop of tree - continuous juli sit defiantly on top of the tree . she 's adjust she position so she 's very comfortable , straddle a large branch , lean back against the trunk . ext . base of sycamore tree - continuous Robert Baker pull up in he pickup truck . he look up at the tree . there 's juli . she see he . on juli , in the tree . she look down . she see he . juli dad ! they want to tear down the tree ! ROBERT ( call up to she ) so I hear . several newscaster attempt to waylay he , but Robert ignore they . he put he arm around he wife and they begin confer with the Police Chief . flippedidmay 21 45 . juli if they be take this tree , they be take I with it ! ext . base of sycamore tree - a little later there 's a huge cherry picker next to the tree and the cherry picker - operator be guide the top of the vehicle . ext . top of the tree —- continuous Robert Baker be up in the cherry picker , talk to juli , who 's eat a sandwich he 's apparently bring up with he . Chet watch from below . ROBERT it 's not you tree , honey -- juli it 's everyone 's tree . ROBERT well unfortunately it 's not . it 's that guy 's tree . the one with the red face , who 's jump up and down like rumpelstilskin -- look down at the crowd look up into the tree , we see the owner , who look furious . ROBERT and judge from my recent introduction to he , the environment be not at the top of he list of priority -- juli look at this view . no one 's ever go to see this view if he cut down the tree -- Robert nod . a beat . ROBERT I know . I be in complete agreement with you . a beat . flippedidmay21 46. juli but what ? ROBERT but what if you be still up here in the middle of the night , and you fall asleep and fall out of the tree ? juli and she father look at one another . ROBERT ( cont 'd ) no view be worth my little girl 's safety . another beat . the sun be start to set . and then juli suddenly vanish . she slide down the tree for the last time . she come down the spiral slide and hold out she arm as if she 's fly . ext . bottom of the sycamore tree - continuous she land . on juli , a few minute later , speak to a television news reporter with a cameraman . juli I just believe that the tree belong to all of we . when something be that old and that beautiful and everyone respects it and expect to wake up in the morning and see it every single day , then it 's not just one person 's tree , it 's everyone 's tree . on Chet , watch she . ext . same scene - a few minute later juli get into the truck with she father . flippedidmay21 47 . they drive away . int . truck - a minute later we hear the first chain see start to buzz . juli burst into tear . ROBERT hey , hey . he pull over . he tuck he hand under she chin so she look at he . tear stream down she face . ROBERT I be so proud of you . she bury herself in she father 's arm and sob she heart out . CUT to : the base of the sycamore tree - later in the day the tree be mostly go . bryce and some friend walk past on the way home from school . the whole landscape have change . int . loski house - later the entire family be watch the local news . juli on tv just because you own something do not mean it 's not part of what make a neighborhood a neighborhood as we hear a newsman say : juli Baker , a young woman who take a stand for what she believe in ... rick I be glad you do not get involved in that , bryce . bryce feel awful that he do not . flippedidmay21 48. rick they be attention - getter . that whole family . Chet stand up and leave . rick ( to patsy ) you father hate I . patsy he do not hate you , he love you . ext . loski porch - night as Chet sit in he rocker , read the newspaper . bryce come outside , sit down next to he grandfather . the two of they sit there . chet do you read this ? we see now a picture of juli on the front page of the newspaper , with a huge picture of the sycamore tree and a headline : a local girl 's fight for a sycamore tree . bryce I do not have to read it . I be there . chet a girl like that do not live across the street from everyone . bryce a girl like that be a big mixture of thing -- chet most people be mixture of thing . ( he hand he the newspaper ) read this . without prejudice . bryce take the newspaper . he 's irritate . he stand go into the house . up and flippedidmay 21 49 . int . bryce 's bedroom - night as bryce come into he bedroom carry the newspaper . he stuff it into the bottom drawer of he desk . throw himself on the bed . ext . baker house - night on juli 's window . the curtain be draw . int . juli 's bedroom - night she 's on the bed , weep . ext . STREET - night the two house opposite each other . a sad , lonely night . ext . school bus stop - a rainy morning a big hole where the sycamore be . kid wait for the bus . juli 's not there . the bus pull up , they get on . bryce ( v.0 . ) from then on , she refuse to ride the bus . int . school - day juli mope through the hall . she pass jon trulock . jon trulock I be really sorry about the tree , juli . juli nod . bryce at a locker , watch . bryce ( v.o. ) she stop charge around , stop lecture kid on throw they trash in the garbage . flippedidmay21 50 . a kid drop garbage in front of she . she step over it . int . classroom - day juli stare out the window . bryce ( v.o. ) no more slice the air with she hand , die to be call on . int . cafeteria - day juli eat with Darla . bryce come toward she with he tray . bryce ( v.o . ) I keep think I would say something , like , man , sorry about you sycamore , but nothing come out . he walk on by . int . bus - STREET bryce on the bus . look out the window , he see juli , ina rain slicker , pedall she beat - up bicycle . bryce ( v.o. ) even in the rain , she would not ride the bus . garrett weird , huh . bryce juli 's weird . ext . juli 's house - day bryce , outside , mow the lawn he keep sneaking look at juli’ 's window bryce she even stop watch my every move . which be a total relief . camera travel though juli 's window ... flippedidmay21 51 . int . juli 's bedroom she 's lie on the bed . ext . loski house - back yard as juli come out the back door with a basket to collect egg . champ be lie on the back porch . juli lean down to give he a nuzzle . champ be dead . ext . back yard - another day champ be be bury . Robert , trina , Matt , Mike , juli and some of they friend . there 's a tombstone that say : '' here lie champ , the mystery pisser . '' Matt and Mike and skyler be sing a heavy metal song about champ , a dog that inspire a great music group . the last spade of dirt be shovele over the grave . juli be blow she nose into a handkerchief . the song end . Wide shot on : ext . baker house - dusk as Robert pull up in he truck , get out . a puppy jump out of the truck , bark . trina open the front door . trina oh , Robert . ROBERT do not even bother say no -- they look at each other . no real difference of opinion . flippedidmay21 52 . ROBERT juli , honey , come on down here , I have get a surprise -- hold on a wide shot of the house . the front door be open as we see juli come down the stair . the puppy leap into juli 's arm and start to lick she face . ext . loski house - day juli , carry a half - carton of egg , come up the walkway with she new dog lucy . bryce whip the door open before she ring the bell . juli hi . bryce cute dog . juli her name 's Lucy . I know it 's very common but I could not help it . she hand he the egg . bryce thanks . be you go to start riding the bus again ? juli shrug . a awkward moment . a beat . bryce you do not have to give we this . juli I know . bryce well . thanks . he close the door . juli sort of stand there . int . loski house - day bryce walk with the egg to : flippedidmay 21 53 . int . kitchen - day the trash can be absolutely full . he try stuff the egg into it . they barely fit . he rummages around and try to poke they down into it . he pull out the whole trash bag . then he walk toward the front door , carry the trash . ext . loski house - day as bryce come out the door carry the trash . we can hear the garbage truck come up the block . suddenly bryce see juli . she 's still on the porch , refasten Lucy 's leash . bryce hey -- juli hey -- he start down to the street . the trash bag be heavy . he get to the curb , juli follow . he stuff the trash bag into the garbage container that 's out on the street for the garbage truck pickup . the egg carton poke out . juli can see the egg through the hole in the carton . juli why be you throw the egg away ? do you break they ? bryce yeah and I be really sorry about that . she open the carton . all the egg be there , intact . juli why be you throw they away ? flippedidmay21 54. bryce do the word salmonella mean anything to you ? juli salmonella ? bryce my mom do not think it 's worth the risk . the garbage truck arrive in front of the house and empty the trash bag into the back of the truck . juli be just stand there , stunne , as the noise of the garbage truck make conversation temporarily impossible . the truck pull away . bryce so that 's basically it . bryce start back toward he house . juli follow he . she look funky . juli salmonella ? bryce you backyard be like , cover in turd . I mean , look at you place juli . just look at it . it 's a complete mess . juli it be not . bryce oh come on , juli . look at it . over at the house . it happen to look particularly juli have you always throw the egg away ? bryce look , we do not want to hurt you feeling . flippedidmay21 55 . juli my feeling ? people pay I for this egg . they pay I two dollar a dozen -- bryce they do ? juli why do not you just give they back to I ? why do not you just come up with a polite excuse like , we do not want you stupid egg . I be just be ... neighborly . bryce yeah , well if you really want to be neighborly look at you yard . it 's a freak . people on this block have lawn . every single house . and you know what ? it 's May . who have Christmas light all year long ? juli you do not like we twinkle light ? be you nut ? twinkle light make you happy . there 's no law that say you have to take they down in January . downtown Seattle be full of twinkle light . bryce ( sarcastically ) and Santa clause , everybody 's get Santa clause all year long . ( throw she line back at she ) I mean , just because you own something do not mean it 's not part of the neighborhood . you say that yourself , juli , on tv . juli I hate you , bryce loski , I absolutely hate you . she turn around walk back over to she house . Lucy the dog follow . flippedidmay21 56. ext . loski house - continuous through the window , we see Chet watch the two of they . he 's obviously overhear the conversation . as bryce start back to the house , he see Chet watch . Chet vanish from the window . juli ( v.o . ) I could not believe it . I waste like four year of my life on bryce loski and he turn out to be the worst human be on the planet . ( continue ) ext . baker house - continuous as juli walk into it and the door close . hold on the front of the house . it be a mess , no question . juli ( v.o. , continued ) what make I the craziest be that I could sort of see what he be talk about . I mean , not everything . but I could see that someone look at we house might think it look sort of shabby ... int . baker kitchen - night juli be sit at the table , lose in think . everyone else be pass food around . trina you uncle David be come again this summer . mike how 's uncle David ? ROBERT the same . exactly the same . matt top of the Space needle -- flippedidmay 21 57 . mike man , I never see anyone make so happy by a Space needle . juli come out of she reverie . juli do you think a person can be less than the sum of they part ? trina I do not think that 's a kind way to talk about uncle David , juli . juli I be not talk about uncle David . trina we be talk about uncle David 's annual visit . juli be we take he to the Space needle ? the baker exchange look -- where have she be ? ROBERT of course we be take he to the Space needle . juli stand up and walk over to the front window , look out at the lawn . juli do we have , like , clipper ? int . supermarket - day juli be go down the aisle push a basket with she mother . juli I be think that it would not be hard to fix up the front yard . it could be , you know , a project . a summer project . flippedidmay21 58 . trina that 's a huge undertake . once I decide to alphabetize the book in my parent 's house and I do not even get through the B 's . juli but it look so bad . trina it do ? int . juli 's bedroom - night juli be in bed , read a book on landscape . there 's a knock on the door . trina and Robert open it . ROBERT juli , do something happen ? this revelation about we house -- juli nothing , daddy . both parent sit on the bed . a beat . ROBERT something happen . juli the loskis have be throw my egg away because we yard be so filthy they think they will get salmonella if they eat they -- ROBERT that be ridiculous -- trina do patsy say that ? ROBERT they be such snob . juli do you realize we be the only people on this entire block who do not have grass ? flippedidmay21 59 . trina well , we use to have grass -- ROBERT but then we have chicken -- juli so it 's my fault we do not have grass ? she burst into tear . trina of course it 's not you fault , honey . even when we have grass we yard be ... ROBERT eccentric . we be eccentric . juli I know , I know . juli still weep . trina oh , honey -- ROBERT that silly woman with she dkny purse . trina look over at he . trina she 's not so bad . she help I jump -start the car once -- ROBERT whatever . trina since when do you know about dkny purse ? he shrug . ROBERT I keep up . trina not to mention that uptight father in that idiotic alligator shirt . flippedidmay21 60 . they both start to laugh . even juli be cheer up . ROBERT you really want to clean up the yard ? juli I do . it ’1ll still be eccentric , I promise . ( beat ) they hate the Santa and the twink too . trina they hate twinkle light ? oh , they be really sick . bryce ( v.o. ) so a couple of week later , summer vacation begin -- ext . baker house - day as bryce and garrett come bicycling down the street together . bryce ( v.o. , continued ) and I be come home from buy a hundred pair of sock for camp , and there she be -- juli , dress in jeans and a old shirt , be hack away at the shrub in she yard . bryce turn into he driveway and garrett bike on . juli ( v.o . ) ( talk to the shrub as she hack away ) out of there ... yes ! ... you be come off whether you like it or not ... bryce ( v.o . ) she 's clean up the yard . like I do not feel bad enough for what I say but now she 's shove my face in it ... bryce walk into he house , pass he grandfather on the front porch . flippedidmay21 61 . int . bryce 's bedroom - a few minute later he 's sit at he computer , but he can hear she whack and ranting . bryce ( v.o. ) and do she do it like anyone else , like a normal person ? no , she 's talk to the shrub -- he slam the window shut . int . bryce 's bedroom - later he 's lie on he bed , read a magazine . he can still hear juli through the window . bryce ( v.o. ) so then I find myself think , should I help she ? probably . I mean she 's all alone , it 's a pretty big job -- ( continue ) he get up and walk over to the window ... bryce ( v.o. , continued ) so I think maybe I have go out there , maybe I would make it up to she by help she cut back some bush . period . end of story . if she still want to be mad at I after that , fine . her problem . ( continue ) int / ext . view out bryce 's window - continuous his grandfather be crossing the street to talk to juli . he 's carry some garden tool . bryce ( v.o. , continued ) but I never get the chance . on bryce amazed . int / ext view out bryce’s window ... Julie and Chet . Chet take garden glove out of he back pocket , put they on and together they tackle the hedge . flippedidmay21 62 . bryce there 's my grandpa do my good deed . my grandpa . who would be park on we front porch in a pair of bedroom slipper for six month , and now , thanks to juli Baker , he 's in work boot . he 's walk . he 's talk . have I ever see he smile ? the guy 's smile . a series of shot : chet and juli cutting branch . chet and juli wrapping branch in plastic so they can be carte away . juli telling chet something . chet laugh . bryce ( v.o. ) all week long it go on . int . bryce 's bedroom - day bryce at he computer . the sound of whack , whack , whack . ext . juli 's house - continuous as juli hammer nail into the fence , with Chet next to she . ext . bryce 's bedroom window - continuous as bryce go to the window and look out at the two of they . ext . baker house - continuous as Chet see bryce in the window , look out at they . Chet wave at bryce . chet hey , there -- juli look up , just in time to see : ext . bryce 's bedroom window - continuous as bryce disappear out of sight , mortify . flippedidmay21 63 . ext . bryce 's house - another day a taxi pull up . bryce 's father rick get out with a suitcase and he golf club . he notice Chet and juli work across the street . walk into the house . bryce ( v.o. ) so now it 's my last night before camp , and my dad 's just get home from some conference about computer interface -- int . loski dine room - night dinner time . Rick , patsy , lynetta , bryce and Chet . Chet be eat heartily . chet patsy , this be delicious . patsy bryce 's favorite dinner . ( to bryce ) because you be not go to get food like this at camp . rick you all pack ? bryce almost , almost . rick so they basically break we up into buzz group but they keep change the mix , so just when you think you know where you be , you be not -- patsy how fascinating . lynetta bore . patsy that 's rude , lynetta . Chet help himself to another serve . flippedidmay21 64 . rick ( to Chet ) so , Chet , I have no idea you be in the mood for a home improvement project . a beat . bryce notice that Chet be pointedly ignore he father . chet pass the salt , will you patsy ? bryce ( v.o. ) that be the first time I wonder , maybe grandpa be not too crazy about dad -- rick so why 's the girl the one who 's finally do something about they place ? on chet , salt he potato , take he time about it . he look up at bryce . bryce ( v.o. ) the big stare . man oh man that freak I out . be grandpa go to tell dad about how I rag juli about the yard ? on chet look at bryce , who 's now sweat . then he look at Rick . chet she want to , be all . Chet again look over at bryce and then go back to eat . bryce , relieved , wipe he face with a napkin . int . bryce 's bedroom - later in the bedroom be he camp trunk , about half - pack . his grandfather come into the room . bryce come out of the closet , with some tee shirt to pack . chet hey. flippedidmay21 65 . bryce ( surprised ) hey . Chet sit down on bryce 's bed . bryce look , I know I mess up . I should have tell she the truth about the egg , and then she catch I toss they out and I just lose it . ( beat ) thanks for not say anything at dinner . I owe you big time . his grandfather get up , walk to the window , and look out across the street . chet she remind I of you grandmother . bryce juli ? bryce wait . finally Chet turn around . chet you character be set at a early age , bryce . the choice you make now will affect you for the rest of you life . bryce yes , sir . chet do not yes -sir I . bryce sorry . chet here . everyone need a little money to get through camp . he hand bryce some money . bryce be stunne , look at the money . bryce thanks . flippedidmay21 66 . chet the next time you be face with a choice , do the right thing . it hurt everyone less in the long run . he leave . ext . baker house - day bryce and he dad carry he trunk out to they suv . they put it into the back of the car . bryce look up at juli 's window . she 's not there . ext . sycamore tree lot - day Robert drive he truck past the place where the sycamore tree use to be . there 's a man in the front seat of the truck with he -- he brother david , 41 , who have asberger 's syndrome . we see David look over at the house go up on the property . ext . baker house - a few minute later juli be seed the lawn in front of the house as Robert pull into the driveway and he and uncle David get out . uncle david hi juli -- juli uncle David -- uncle david you tree 's go . you be sad . uncle David give she a sweet , awkward hug . ext . baker house - back porch the Baker family eat a barbecue dinner outdoors with uncle David . uncle David be count he baked bean . flippedidmay21 67 . ext . space needle - day the Baker family , include uncle David , go up in the Space needle elevator . uncle David be compulsively count floor . ext . baker house - day juli and Chet be plant tulip bulb in the garden . David count they . Mrs. stueby turn up from next door with a tray of lemonade for everyone and a big smile for Chet . int . baker truck - day Robert , juli and David approach the corner where the sycamore tree use to be . juli do not drive past where the tree be . ext . baker truck - day as the truck make a leave turn to avoid go past the intersection . ext . greenhaven sanitorium - day juli and Robert drop uncle David back at the sanitorium where he life . everyone give he hug goodbye . uncle david too bad about you tree , juli . juli thanks , uncle David . ext . night sky - a beautiful harvest moon ext . baker house - dusk we see juli through she window . flippedidmay21 68 . int . juli 's bedroom - continuous juli in bed , read . a knock on she door . her father peek in ... ROBERT hi . juli hi , dad . he sit on the edge of she bed . ROBERT I always like that tree of yours , even before you tell I about it . juli dad , it 's okay , I will get over it . ROBERT no , it 's not okay , and you do not have to get over it . listen to I , just listen -- ( beat ) I want the spirit of that tree to be with you always . I want you to remember how you feel when you be up there and the whole world sparkle . ( beat ) my brave daughter look out at the world from the very top -- juli it be so beautiful , and now it 's as if it be not even there -- ROBERT I know . Robert go back to the door , and bring a canvas in from the hall . ROBERT that 's why I make this for you . on juli 's face as she see : a wonderful painting of the sycamore tree . and way up in the top , a young girl look out into the distance . flippedidmay21 69 . juli my tree . my sycamore tree . on juli , overwhelm with feel . she throw she arm around she dad . juli oh , daddy , thank you . thank you . int . juli 's bedroom - morning she 's asleep . the sun start to come up outside . juli open she eye . across from the bed be the painting , with a shaft of morning light illuminate it . ext . baker house - day juli come out the front door . juli oh my god ! there 's just the tiniest fringe of grass start to sprout on the lawn . juli we have a lawn ! ext . lawn - day as trina and juli , both with they face press to the ground , look through the grass . juli my lawn ! ext . baker house - back porch - dusk a barbecue . Matt , Mike , juli , trina and Robert . there 's a tray of devill egg , which only Robert be eat . juli I just think we should talk about it . ( more ) flippedidmay21 70. juli ( cont would ) I mean , it 's all very well for I to be make unilateral decision where the appearance of we house be concerned -- matt ( make fun of she big word ) oh , unilateral -- juli but we be a family . trina she 's right . we should talk about it . there be basically two separate -- ROBERT and yet link -- trina -- question . ROBERT well I be not take the Santa Claus down . trina okay . so much for question number one . mike so question number two be -- juli the twinkle light . trina yes. matt well I personally have strong feeling about the twinkle light -- mike moi aussi . juli ( good-nature ) oh shut up . matt I be not kid . I do. flippedidmay21 71 . mike so do i. ROBERT so that probably make five of we with very strong feeling about the twink . he flip the hamburger . trina I be think ... Robert lean over and give she a kiss . ROBERT what be you think , love of my life ? trina I be think the problem with the twink -- everyone lean forward ... trina be we need more . ext . baker house - night all five baker , at work on the front of the house . they be hang twinkle light . ext . STREET - day as the loski suv drive into the loski driveway . bryce get out . he 's suntan , and it look as if he 's grow three inch . he look over at the Baker house . his father get out of the car . they start to unload bryce 's trunk . bryce it look amazing . rick except that damned Santa Claus be still up on the roof . flippedidmay21 72 . int . baker house -- same time Matt be look out the window . matt the asshole be back . int . baker house - night the curtain be draw . juli , Matt and Mike be in the live room . Mike be look through binocular , out the window . view through binoculars : through the loskis 's bay window across the street : we can see the dining room , with the table set for dinner . patsy bring a big salad to the table and the family start to come in to sit down . matt ( 0.s. ) they be come in to dinner . mike ( 0.s. ) one second , bro . matt they be sit down . you ready ? mike yep. matt hit it . ext . baker house - night Inside , a boom box blast Bruce springsteen 's '' Santa Claus be come to town '' at ear-splitt level toward the loski house . int . loski dine room - same time everyone freeze as they hear the music . they turn to the window . flippedidmay21 73. int . baker house - continuous on juli , flipping a switch . int . loski dine room - continuous the loskis get up from the table to look out . ext . loski house - continuous Rick , patsy , bryce , lynetta and Chet stare out the window . they Pov : ext . baker house - night the whole place be light up . the front lawn , bush , fence , door , window -- twinkle light galore , wrap around everything . on the loskis , staring . on Chet start to smile . lynetta how cool be that . on bryce : bryce ( v.o. ) I be not go to tell you that I spend the whole time at camp wonder if juli be still go to be mad when I get back , but it do cross my mind . and then I get back and I realize she 's not just mad , we be at war . rick what 's this suppose to mean ? chet I think it 's just a big welcome home for bryce . Chet and bryce look at each other . flippedidmay21 74. int . school - another day all the kid go to class , hang out . everyone look more grown-up . juli ( v.o. ) everything change in eighth grade . bryce ( v.o. ) everything change in eighth grade . juli and Darla walk down the hall , look at boy . juli ( v.0 . ) boy . bryce and garrett walk down the hall , look at girl . bryce ( v.o. ) Girls . shelly small , who have continue to triumph over adolescence , bat she eye at bryce . shelly hi , bryce . bryce hi , shelly . bryce ( v.o . ) I keep hope juli would soften up a little , but she just cut I dead - juli and some friend walk past bryce , who look after she as she walk down the hall . juli ( v.o . ) it be a big relief not to be think about bryce , ' cause it give I a lot of extra time to focus on the important thing , like school -- we see the eighth grade homeroom teacher , miss simmon . bryce ( v.o . ) we have a new teacher . miss simmon . flippedidmay21 75 . juli ( v.o. ) New teacher . really great . bryce ( v.o. ) really tough . juli ( v.o. ) very stylish . bryce ( v.o. ) kind of weird - look . miss simmon all right , everyone , clear you desk of everything but a pen or pencil . the class be shocked . be it a pop quiz ? what 's go on ? miss simmon pick a stack of yellow papers off she desk , fan herself and say . miss simmon it 's time to vote for basket boy ! she start pass out the papers . garrett ( sarcastically ) who want to be a basket boy ? miss simmon you do , garrett . it 's a honor to be a basket boy . we be electing twenty boy from the class -- garrett I do not want to be one of they -- miss simmon well , you should . basket boy be a tradition that have help support this school since it be found , in 1983 . it 's why we have flower bed . it 's why we have shade tree and apple tree . visit another school sometime and you ’1ll begin to realize what a little oasis we campus be . bryce all this from the sweat and blood of basket boy -- flippedidmay21 76 . miss simmon what do you say , bryce ? bryce nothing , miss simmon . shelly ( loud whisper ) I be voting for you , bryce . miss simmon bryce , some day when you child go to school here , you will understand . bryce roll he eye at garrett . he look at the ballot . he look over at juli . she 's ignore he and look straight at she ballot . juli ( v.o. ) I read down the list . there be 158 name , and twenty of they be go to be basket boy and auction off like side of beef to pay for some flower . but I realize that to I , there have only ever be bryce . but I certainly be not go to vote for he . I just could not . what if I do not choose anybody ? what if I just turn it in blank ? miss simmon and do not even think about not voting or you will get detention . juli ( v.o. ) so I vote for the boy who be not jerk or clown , but be just nice . like jon trulock , who be really sweet -- we see jon trulock again . int . classroom - a few minute later as the class file out , hand in they ballot . flippedidmay21 77 . juli and then I hand in my ballot and pretty much forget about it . int . loski house - night dinner . Rick , patsy , lynetta , bryce and Chet . bryce you should have see all the girl look at this ballot like it be so important they be voting for president of the United States . patsy I will make a lovely basket lunch for the lucky girl who busy you . rick it 's for a good cause , bryce . bryce someone 's go to buy I ! he bang he head down on the table . lynetta only if you win . bryce I be not be conceit here when I tell you I be probably go to win - - I be be realistic . patsy start to clear the plate and bryce and lynetta bring theirs into : int . kitchen - continuous lynetta be follow bryce around , make kissing sound . lynetta there will be a bid war . blood will be shed over this boy , mark my word . Chet and Rick come in , clear they plate . there 's a cake on the table in the kitchen and Rick hover around it . flippedidmay21 78 . rick just hope that juli Baker do not buy you . chet worse thing have happen . rick you have develop quite a soft spot for that girl , have not you , Chet ? why on earth ? chet I have , have not I ? she remind I of Renee . lynetta grandma ? rick ( disbelief ) she remind you of you Renee ? chet her spirit remind I of Renee . rick ( contemptuously ) her spirit . I do not see that . a awkward moment . everyone know Rick be hellbent on a fight with Chet . patsy now who want cake ? bryce me. lynetta me. patsy lynetta ? I be shocked . you be eat dessert ? lynetta forget it , I change my mind . flippedidmay21 79 . rick ( to Chet ) what I do not understand be why you have the energy to befriend a complete stranger when you have never do so much as toss a baseball around with you own grandson ... bryce take it easy , dad . rick ( to Chet ) have you ever talk to bryce ? be to he room ? have you ever sit on you own grandson 's bed and have a conversation with he ? bryce he have -- rick when ? bryce the night before I go to camp . rick so once . patsy take a pint of vanilla ice cream out of the freezer . patsy who want a la mode ? lynetta I do . Chet walk out of the kitchen . patsy do not you want cake , grandpa ? there 's a beat . Chet walk back into the kitchen . chet you know why the baker have not fix up the yard until now ? flippedidmay21 80. rick why ? sure . they be trash . they have get a beat up house , two beat - up car and a beat - up yard . they have absolutely no pride in how they present themselves to the rest of the world . chet juli 's father have a retarded brother . rick what ? chet David . at greenhaven . rick and ? chet and it 's very expensive to keep he there -- rick well that certainly explain everything -- patsy Rick -- rick that 's the reason they never keep the yard up ? they have get two perfectly healthy boy over there who could have mow the lawn all this year . just because there 's a retarded relative someplace .... Rick stop , suddenly aware that everyone be look at he horrify . rick ( explode ) I be not go to feel guilty for say this . I be not . Chet walk out of the kitchen . everyone look at each other . suddenly we hear the front door slam . flippedidmay21 81 . lynetta dump she ice cream in the trash . walk out . we hear she bedroom door slam . patsy put she cake down and walk out . a beat . her bedroom door slam . on bryce and he dad . rick well , at least one member of the family be on my side . bryce could not be more miserable . int . bryce 's bedroom - later bryce be lie on he bed , stare into space . a pebble hit he window . he go to the window , look out and see Chet in the front yard . he open the window . chet want to take a walk ? ext . STREET - night as Chet and bryce walk down the street . a beautiful fall night . we hear the sound of a owl . chet that be the western screech owl . Chet imitate the sound . the western screech owl make its cry again . bryce wow . chet no big deal . I learn it all when I be a kid . you mother know all the bird sound . they pass tree use they stop they look flippedidmay21 82. bryce she do ? chet well she use to , anyway . no tell what she know now . the house under construction where the sycamore to be . and Chet look up into the night . chet must have be a spectacular view . up at the starry night sky . bryce you probably know all the constellation too . chet yep . I do . you probably know the Big dipper . end of story . bryce naile . ( beat ) do you ever see she up in the tree ? chet the day they take the tree down . it scared I she be up so high . but after I read the article I understand why she do it . the tree 's go , but she 's still get the spark it give she . know what I mean ? they start on . ext . long shot - night as we see Chet and bryce walk together . flippedidmay21 83. chet I be engage to be marry to someone name geraldine mccarthy , oh yes , they have send out the invitation and they even have one of that bridal shower deal , I remember someone give we a big plate from Marshall field with asparagus paint on it , that be the idea , you use the plate just for asparagus . God forbid you should put a string bean on it . geraldine get so angry at I when I break off the engagement and she have to return all the present include the asparagus plate , but I could not help myself because I have meet Renee and I could not very well get marry to anyone else once I do . of course then I have to prove to Renee I be worthy of she because I would waste all that time with miss asparagus plate . bryce how do you do that ? chet a grand gesture . I make a grand gesture . they come to a stop . chet Renee would have sit up in that tree all night long . ( beat ) well . this be where I get off . bryce look around . bryce where ? chet I promise susannah I have drop by for some coffee . bryce Mrs. stueby ? chet do not wait up . flippedidmay21 84. Chet start toward Mrs. stueby 's , leave bryce . bryce be floor . Chet ring the doorbell at Mrs. stueby 's and bryce start home . ext . loski house - night on bryce , come up the stair to the front porch . he 's silhouett against the Christmas light on the Baker house . int . bryce 's bedroom - night bryce come into he room . his room be in semi-darkness , light only by the Baker twinkle light . he open the bottom desk drawer and take out the crease and scrunch newspaper . he turn on he desk lamp , illuminate the article and picture of juli . the rest of he room stay in semi-darkness . bryce ( v.o. ) so finally I read the article . they call she '' a strong voice in the urban wilderness , '' '' a radiant beacon , shed light on the need to curtail overdevelopment . '' I could not help think about my part in the whole business -- not that you could call it a part exactly -- flashback : the sycamore tree bryce at the school bus , with juli in the tree , begging he to help she . juli bryce , please , if you just come up here , we can save it . bryce get on the bus . end flashback . int . bryce 's bedroom - continuous bryce , on the bed , read on ... flippedidmay21 85 . bryce ( v.o. ) juli say , '' to be hold above the earth and brush by the wind . it 's like you heart have be kiss by beauty . '' who talk like this ? bryce look at the photo of juli in the newspaper . bryce ( v.o. ) I keep look at the photo of juli . on the photo of juli in the newspaper : it 's a close up of she at the top of the tree , take with a telephoto lens . bryce ( v.o. ) she 's look off in the distance and the wind be blow she hair back like she 's at the helm of a ship or something , sailing into the sun . on bryce , stare at the photo . bryce ( v.o. ) I would spend so much time avoid juli Baker that I have never really look at she , and now all of a sudden , I could not stop . int . loski kitchen - day patsy make coffee . int . loski house stairwell - day as bryce come downstairs . he look into : int . loski live room - day Rick be asleep on the couch , under a quilt . int . kitchen - day bryce come in and reach for a box of corn flake . flippedidmay21 86. patsy I have come up with a solution for we situation . we be go to invite the baker over for dinner . bryce we be ? do dad know ? patsy yes . and the Baker kid too , of course . juli and the boy . what be they name ? bryce Matt and Mike . do grandpa know ? patsy I can not seem to find you grandfather this morning . he must have be up early . lynetta come into the kitchen . she 's wear a mini-skirt , platform heel , and eye make up like raccoon . patsy I think you and you friend be go to church this morning . lynetta we be . int . baker kitchen - day trina be talk to Robert . a beat . ROBERT Friday night ? trina all of we . ROBERT oh man . you think they think we be all go to be pal now that we clean up the yard ? trina I have no idea , but she be insistent . ( more ) flippedidmay21 87. trina ( cont would ) she be practically in tear , say how sorry she be she have never invite we before and how she would really like to know we better . juli come into the kitchen . ROBERT the baker have invite we all to dinner . juli no way . ROBERT Way . juli bryce loski be my mortal enemy . they all laugh . juli I be not kid . he 's disgusting , shallow , immature , revolting -- trina I could not really say no . she once help I jump -start my car . and after all that help Chet 's be to you -- juli they be just ask we over so we will take down the twinkle light . that 's probably the whole purpose . trina it sound more like a let 's be - friend deal . ROBERT let 's not be friend . juli ( relieved ) oh , daddy , thank you . thank you , thank you , thank you . trina we be go . I say yes . flippedidmay21 88 . int . school hallway -- another day bryce be walk down the hall , juli be come toward he . she pretend he do not exist . as he turn to watch she , he crash right into Mrs. brubeck . int . classroom - continuous as the teacher talk about something like the Civil War , bryce go into a reverie , stare at juli . on darla , look at bryce look at juli . int . gym — day at one end of the basketball court , juli and a group of girl shoot basket . at the other end bryce be shoot with some boy . he look over and juli dribble toward the basket and leap into the air . juli 's hair flow backward , as if it 's windblown , she look exactly as she do in the newspaper , as if she 's on top of the tree . int . library - another day bryce lean on he elbow and pretend to read but manage to contort himself practically into a pretzel to watch juli as she move around the library . from the stack ... darla ( a whisper ) psst. juli . juli do not hear . Darla toss a lipstick at she . juli go over and huddle in the stack with Darla . darla bryce be bonker over you . juli ( horrify ) bryce loski ? flippedidmay21 89 . darla like there 's another bryce -- the boy be positively lose in loveland . look at he . juli look at he ? shoot I first . Darla literally turn she that direction . bryce have he hand over he eye with he finger slightly separate so he can stare at juli . quickly he close he finger and look down at he book . Darla crack up . juli I have to go dinner there tonight . darla I bet you be the dessert , girl . mmmm mmm . juli ( laugh but horrify ) stop it . she look at bryce , who 's still watch she , now from underneath he book . panic : they both look away . bryce pretend he 's really stretch . juli I ’‘1l just tell my mom , I can not go . it 's just completely out of the question . int . baker house - later juli come home from school . she see fresh pie on the kitchen counter . juli ( v.o. ) but I could not refuse to go , I just could not because you know what , my mom be just so happy . she walk by she mother 's room ... flippedidmay21 90 . int . trina & ROBERT 's bedroom -- continuous trina decide which blouse to wear . juli look in . trina which one ? juli both great . ( as she go toward she room ) I be not dress up . trina patsy and I agree on dress up . she 's make risotto . juli oh , whoa , risotto . int . juli 's room - a few minute later all she clothes be out on the bed . she 's finish get dress . she 's unexpectedly stylish -- a big sweater over a little T-shirt with a long scarf wound around she neck . she look at herself in the mirror . then she pick up a eyelash curler and curl she eyelash . int . kitchen - later trina , Robert and juli in the kitchen . there be two pie on the kitchen table . ROBERT two pie ? trina not everybody like pecan . Matt and Mike turn up in the kitchen . they be both wear jeans and t-shirt . both t-shirt have the name of the band on it , '' mystery pisser . '' trina absolutely out of the question . they pivot sharply and leave the kitchen to go upstairs to change they t-shirt . flippedidmay21 91 . ext . bryce 's Pov : the baker family cross the STREET . the doorbell ring . int . loski house - continuous as Chet open the front door . bryce be scramble downstairs , still buttone he shirt . patsy be behind he . Matt and Mike walk in the door . High -five . matt and mike ( to bryce ) hey , baby brother , how 's it go ? lynetta appear , look like a nocturnal rodent . matt and mike hey , lyn. lookin 's good . lot of shaking of hand and introduce . lynetta , Matt and Mike disappear upstairs to lynetta 's room , as Rick loski appear and shake hand with everyone . bryce and juli suddenly together . rick drink everyone ? juli ( to bryce ) I be here because my mom really want to be here , but do not get any idea that we be friend . we be not friend . she walk away . int . loski live room - a few minute later on bryce , by himself . Robert and Chet be talk about perpetual motion machine . juli be listen . Rick come in with a tray of drink , offer they around . flippedidmay21 92 . rick that yard of yours have come along . I tell Chet here we ought to hire he out . be this a joke ? everyone smile uncomfortably as Rick pick up the tray of canape . rick now who 's for hor d'ouevre ? on bryce , watch he father be a total phony . int . dine room - a little later everyone 's at the table . the food be be pass around . bryce be sit across from juli . rick so guy , you be senior this year . matt and mike amen . rick amen ? in like you be glad school 's almost over ? mike the regurgitation get to you after while . rick be not that funny ? High school be probably the best time of my life . mike seriously , dude . it 's so bad . trina shoot Mike and Matt a look . matt well it be , Mom . it 's that whole robotron attitude of education -- confine , confute , conform . ( xe the food : let the word roll off he tongue ) so this be risotto . no wonder it 's famous . flippedidmay21 93 . rick ( to Matt and Mike ) so you be not think of college ? on bryce , he father be really embarrassing he . he look over at juli . juli look up from she plate , see bryce look at she , look quickly back down again . mike I be apply early admission to Brown and Mark 's hope for U dub -- rick really ? mike but we will probably give the music thing a shot first . rick oh , the music thing . lynetta dad , you sarcasm be not appreciate . rick ( to Robert ) how do you feel about that , Robert ? ROBERT I learn a long time ago that I have very little power over my child . so if they want to try the music thing , they try the music thing -- bryce the band 's really good , dad . rick I be sure they be . bryce no they be . sometimes they remind I of husker du , sort of indie rock but you can not really put they ina category -- on Mike and Matt , pleased . on juli . she can not help like bryce a little . flippedidmay21 94 . bryce ( to lynetta ) where 's the CD ? he stand . int . same scene - a minute later bryce stick a CD in Rick 's elaborate stereo system , hit play and crank up the volume . blasting into the room : Matt and Mike 's music . l lynetta start dance and sing along to a mystery pisser song . everyone listen to the song , and lynetta go wild , dance . the song end . l lynetta grin at everyone and punch the CD out of the stereo . mike it 's okay if you do not like it but it 's what we do . lynetta I could listen to it again and again and again . it 's great . chet you must write down the lyric for I . rick just one song ? matt we have write a ton of song , there 's just three on the demo . rick you have a demo ? demo be expensive . Studio time 's expensive . I know ... patsy when Rick and I meet , he be play in a band -- lynetta choke on she water and have to be pat on the back . lynetta dad ? you be in a band ? what would you play ? clarinet ? flippedidmay21 95 . she crack herself up . patsy no , honey , you father play guitar . lynetta get out of here . rick country . matt and mike dude ! total respect , man . rick and when we band try to get a demo make , it be astronomically expensive . so how have you afford it ? matt we find this guy on the Internet -- mike he be blow out he old analog gear for digital . chet digital be weak , do not you think ? you lose too much of the waveform . everyone stare at Chet . mike right . trina they have be save penny since they be twelve . mike ( to Rick ) you still play ? we could lay down some of you tune if you want ? rick no thanks . that 's not I anymore . flippedidmay21 96 . ext . loski house the baker be leave . Matt and Mike be carry home the leave -over pie plate with some left-over pie . lot of good - by and hug and thanks . juli say goodbye to everyone . Chet give she a big hug and then she 's face with bryce . they stare at each other . bryce & juli ( at the same time ) I be sorry . they be embarrassed . juli I should not have say that about not be friend . you mom make such a nice dinner . bryce I should not have say anything about you house , I mean , it 's you house , it be really rude , and I do not realize why it be such a mess . juli look at he , puzzle . bryce ( cont 'd ) I mean , you uncle . juli my uncle ? bryce because you know , it cost so much where he 's stay and you could not afford to keep the yard up . juli what ? bryce because of greenhaven and everything . juli oh man , oh man , that be so completely -- she 's almost inarticulate -- flippedidmay21 97 . bryce what do I do now ? juli that 's not the reason we do not keep the yard up . we do not believe in thing be ... all perfect and manicure ... bryce hey , I do not mean anything . I can not believe it , we be right back where we be , do not matter what I say -- juli you just do not get it . you be never go to get it . int . baker kitchen - night Robert , trina , Matt , Mike and juli finish the pie . mike intrinsically limited gene . matt nothing much you can do about it . juli complete jerk . mike he be really grill we . juli I be not talk about Mr. loski . I be talk about bryce . ( try to figure it out ) Chet must have say something about uncle David be here . and then bryce figure out this stupid explanation ... ROBERT maybe Chet get confuse . juli not possible . Chet would never ever come up with anything like that . it 's bryce . aaaaaaah . flippedidmay21 98 . matt hey , he compare we to husker du. mike yeah . trina be not you be a little hard on he ? juli no . a look among family member . juli what ? matt you use to like he . juli I be wrong , okay ? but now I be right . trina I feel sorry for bryce . have a father like that . juli bryce be exactly like he dad . ROBERT you sure of that ? matt of course she be . mike she 's sure of everything . juli I be . what 's wrong with that ? ROBERT nothing . just check . mike ( look at he own dad ) not everyone 's lucky like we . in the dad area . tear well in Robert 's eye . flippedidmay21 99 . trina who want milk ? matt just think that . juli go over to hug she father . Matt and Mike come in for a four- way hug as trina get the milk . int . loski kitchen - same time as the loskis clean up from dinner . chet that be a delicious dinner , patsy . patsy thanks , dad . it be fun , be not it ? that boy be nothing like what I expect . Matt and ... lynetta Mike . Rick come into the kitchen with some coffee cup . rick they be probably drug dealer -- lynetta what ? rick no other way they could afford that recording gear . '' save penny '' —- trina and Robert be out to lunch if they buy that story -- lynetta they do not take drug . bryce they do not , dad . rick I know musician . lynetta you do not know anything , dad , but you never shut up . you be a asshole . a silence . flippedldmay21 100 . Rick slap she , across the cheek . lynetta be stunne . lynetta you hit I ? you hit I ? she run from the room upstairs . lynetta I do not believe it . her door slam upstairs . on Chet . she walk she slam patsy Rick , how could you ? rick do you hear what she say to I ? my own daughter . my own daughter call I a asshole . he move out of the room . patsy well I do not blame she . what right do you have to judge people like that ? rick bryce , go on up to you room -- patsy he do not have go anywhere . out of the kitchen and start upstairs . patsy ( shouting from the stair ) just because you could not afford to record a song 200 year ago , you think anyone who can be a drug dealer ? I just know you have manage to ruin everything tonight . she bedroom door . Rick look at bryce . together again . rick you mother and she dinner party . flippedldmay21 101 . bryce they be not drug dealer . rick Fine . bryce and I do not get that you hit lynetta . I do not get that . rick well I be mad . bryce walk out of the kitchen , leave Rick . a beat . bryce walk back into the kitchen . bryce you want everyone to be just like you . you can not stand it when people be not just like you . everybody be not just like you . rick exactly . which be why this whole evening be such a stupid idea . Rick be furious . he pick up a platter from the counter and hurl it at the wall . it shatter . shard on the floor , food everywhere . bryce Big mess , dad . bryce walk out of the kitchen , pass patsy , who 's come back . int . bryce 's bedroom - continuous as bryce close the door to he bedroom . lynetta be cry in the room next door . his parent be shouting downstairs . he sit down . hold on bryce. flippedldmay21 102. bryce ( v.o. ) and now for some good news . it will probably not surprise you to hear that I be elect basket boy . ext . school —- day as bryce come up the step to the school , he pass a gaggle of girl . '' congratulation , bryce . '' '' congratulation . '' int . school - day - bulletin board the name of the twenty basket boy be post on a bulletin board . there 's bryce 's name . Darla be stand there read it with two friend , liz and macy as juli come up . darla juli , bryce be on the list -- juli look at the list . juli like I care . macy shelly be hold a bake sale to raise money to bid for he -- juli be that true ? darla no , it 's just a joke . liz jon turlock ? how do he get on this list ? who do you suppose vote for he ? juli I do . he 's nice . macy well I guess you better bid for he juli I be not bid on anyone . flippedldmay21 103. int . loski kitchen - day patsy mix mayo into chicken salad as bryce sit there . there 's a patsy do you think I should prepare this chicken salad as a sandwich or just as a salad ? ( answer she own question ) sandwich . lettuce and tomato ? yes or no , bryce ? bryce no . patsy yes . bryce ( v.o . ) Mom be so into it . patsy pickle . potato chip . Cole slaw . bryce ( v.o. ) she be just so thrilled that maybe she son be go to get auction off to the high bidder . carrot cake . patsy and of course my famous carrot cake . bryce ( v.o. ) which be not famous . patsy start to pack the lunch into a straw basket . bryce ( v.o. ) I do not want to break the news to my mom , but no one care what 's in the lunch . it be not like girl be bid on the basket . when you get right down to it , this be a meat market . flippedldmay21 104 . ext . STREET - day bryce come out of he house , carry he basket . he 's with patsy . they get into the van . as the van pull away , juli come out of she house on she bicycle . she start down the block . mrs . stueby ( wave ) juli -- she hurry to stop juli . juli stop . juli hi , Mrs. stueby . in Mrs. stueby 's house , juli see Chet at the breakfast table . he wave at she . she 's a little startle , but she wave back . Mrs. stueby hand she a wad of bill . mrs . stueby here , dear . take this . I be so sorry it 's take I this long to get it to you . I keep miss you in the morning . eighteen dollar exactly . juli that 's okay , you do not have to pay I for the egg . she stuff the cash into juli 's pocket . mrs . stueby no argument . I owe you for week . take the money and go get yourself a rooster . juli a rooster ? mrs . stueby you need a rooster . the chicken be not lay enough . she go back to she house . flippedldmay21 105 . juli but I do not want a rooster -- mrs . stueby everyone should have a rooster . int . hallway - later bryce , mortify , be carry he basket down the hall . garrett do not you look cute ? bryce you be bitter , admit it . garrett shelly and miranda be fight over you . they be have a knock down drag out . the two hot girl in the class -- shelly stall come around the corner with miranda . both screech with excitement when they see he . shelly money , honey . yes ! miranda you be all mine , baby . bryce I be not worth it , I be really not . int . auditorium - day they all the basket boy be seat on stage . everyone in the audience be whistling and hoot . there 's a banner over the stage that say something like : redmond booster Club . in the audience we see juli sit with Darla . mrs . mcclure , head of the booster club , be at the podium . mrs . mcclure welcome to the twenty - fifth annual basket Boy auction ! let I just remind you -- this be a civilized proceeding . ( more ) flippedldmay21 106. mrs . mcclure ( cont would ) no whistling , catcall or other degrade behavior will be tolerate -- there 's another immediate outbreak of whistling and catcall but Mrs. mcclure take it all in good humor . mrs . mcclure minimum bid be ten dollar , and of course the sky 's the limit . as you know , the winner and they basket boy have the rest of the school day off . all right then ! we first basket have be bring by Jeffrey Bishop . jeffrey bishop stand up . mrs . mcclure step right up , Jeffrey . do not be shy . ( read from a index card ) Jeffrey have bring a scrumptious lunch consist of tuna salad sandwich , oriental noodle , baby grape , iced tea and fortune cookie . all right then . do I hear ten ? the bid begin . bryce ( v.o. ) I be basket Boy number nine . which mean I have to wait on stage while nearly half the guy get auction off . minimum bid , ten buck . and if nobody bid , a teacher be secretly assign to bid on you . yes , friend , the possibility for mortification be endless . as tim pello be be auction off . bryce ( v.o. ) Tim pello be basket boy number five , and he mom actually bid on he . we see mrs . pello jump up and down in the audience . mrs . pello twenty ! I '’11 give you twenty ! flippedldmay21 107 . bryce ( v.o. ) although luckily Tim be save from everlast humiliation by Kelly Ann trott , who bid twenty - two fifty for he gourmet lunch of cold Big mac . a montage of two or three more basket boy be auction off , with girl in the audience shouting bid that range from about fifteen to twenty - five dollar . jon trulock get up to be auction off . Mrs. mcclure be read the content of he basket lunch . bryce ( v.o. ) jon trulock be all that stand between I and the auction block . mrs . mcclure ( read from the index card ) -- do I hear ten ? bryce ( v.o. ) -- and it take I a second to realize no one be bid on he -- on juli and Darla . juli what 's happen ? darla no one 's bid . mrs . mcclure this lunch be delicious . there be strawberry tart in it . juli poor jon . this be all my fault . I vote for he . darla you can not be the only one who do -- juli but I feel terrible . he 's so nice . juli take she money out of she pocket and count it . her hand shoot into the air . on bryce . flippedldmay21 108. juli ten . mrs . mcclure ten ! do I hear ten ! juli ( to Darla ) say twelve ! darla what ? juli do not worry . i'11 outbid you . darla twelve ! juli Fifteen . darla sixteen ! juli I have only get fifteen . darla be that true ? juli no. ( raise she hand to bid again ) eighteen . ( to Darla ) but that 's really all I have get . mrs . mcclure eighteen go once , go twice . sold ! for eighteen dollar . stun . bryce ( v.o. ) I could not believe it . mrs . mcclure step right up , bryce loski . do not be shy ! flippedldmay21 109 . bryce ( v.o. ) I feel like I have be slugge . do juli like jon ? he step up . the bid begin immediately -- before Mrs. mcclure even begin to list what 's in bryce 's basket . shelly ten ! mrs . mcclure whoa ! you do not even know what 's in this basket . shelly I do not care ! on miranda hume . bryce ( v.o. ) everything start to go crazy , but I be not even there . I just could not believe it . juli bid on jon . how be it possible ? miranda twenty . shelly thirty . everyone in the audience reacting . miranda forty-five . shelly fifty ! mrs . mcclure wow ! this be certainly impressive . bryce , this be really something -- bryce ( v.o . ) it be really something . it be awful . it be even more embarrassing than sell for twelve dollar . the kid be now go '' bryce , bryce , bryce , bryce '' as the bid continue up . sixty . seventy-five. flippedldmay21 110 . bryce ( v.o. ) and then suddenly , when I think it could not get any worse , it do . Jenny atkinson put in a bid . jenny atkinson , a very tall girl in a basketball jersey stand up . jenny one hundred dollar ! on juli and Darla , amaze . darla good thing you be not interested in bid on bryce . juli I know . god. mrs . mcclure well ! this be a all - time record . and such a generous donation to the booster . on bryce , ready to die . garrett bryce ! you rule ! on shelly and miranda , now stand together . shelly one twenty - two fifty -- miranda we will give one twenty - two fifty -- shelly the two of we -- mrs . mcclure you be pool you resource ? shelly yes . everyone look over at Jenny . she 's out of the bid . flippedldmay21 111. mrs . mcclure well ! amazing ! sold to this two beautiful young lady for a all - time record of one hundred twenty two dollar and fifty cent . a huge cheer go up from the audience . int . multi - purpose room - later - day the basket couple parade into the multi-purpose room and find table . juli and jon walk to a table , sit down and start talk . juli ( v.o . ) it be a little strange meeting up with jon and walk to the multi- purpose room for lunch , but I think he be grateful I would bid , so by the time we get situate at the table , I be not feel awkward or silly . it be just lunch . bryce enter escort by shelly and miranda , one on each side . bryce ( v.o. ) the whole thing be dement . shelly and miranda be jump around , wave at everyone . bryce ( v.o . ) -- shelly and miranda be act like they have win the lottery . shelly and miranda escort bryce to a table , dive into bryce 's basket , divide thing up , fight over they , yak at bryce . juli ( v.o . ) it would have be easier if I have not be seat in direct view of bryce and he little harem . ( beat ) but I do my best to ignore they . she turn she focus more intensely on jon , smile at he . bryce look across the cafeteria -- flippedldmay21 112. bryce ( v.o. ) then I see juli . she be look at jon , she eye all sparkly and laugh . what be she laugh at ? on juli , listen to jon. juli ( v.o . ) jon tell I a really funny story about building a radio-controlled airplane from scratch and practically set he basement on fire -- back to bryce : bryce ( v.o. ) and meanwhile shelly and miranda be talk about suntan and how important it be to tan evenly . juli laugh at something jon say . bryce look back over at she . bryce ( v.o. ) how could she sit there and look so beautiful ? shelly and miranda notice that bryce be not pay attention . bryce ( v.o. ) and so happy ? shelly grab bryce 's arm . shelly bryce , be you all right ? you look like you be possess or something . miranda what be you stare at ? bryce ( stare at juli ) nothing . miranda twist around to see what bryce be look at -- close on juli -- look at jon. flippedldmay21 113. bryce , almost in a daze , get up from the table . and head toward juli . shelly bryce ? miranda where be you go ? shelly and miranda stare . juli ( v.o. ) suddenly I realize bryce be head toward I . bryce ( v.o . ) it be like a invisible force be pull I toward she -- juli ( v.o. ) and he grab my hand -- bryce grab juli 's hand and drag she away . bryce ( v.o. ) I grab she hand -- juli ( to bryce , confuse ) hey -- juli what be it ? what be you do ? on juli and bryce , together , in the middle of the cafeteria . bryce ( quietly ) do you like he ? juli who ? bryce jon. juli of course I like he -- bryce ( intense ) I mean '' like '' he ? flippedldmay21 114. bryce take she other hand . bryce ( v.o. ) I take she other hand . juli ( v.o. ) he take my other hand . bryce ( v.o . ) it be like a compulsion or something -- juli ( v.o. ) I just let he . I feel completely helpless . juli ( to bryce be : jon ) well , no , I like he , but not like that -- bryce ( v.o. ) no . she say , no ! ( beat ) my heart be pound . on bryce look into juli 's eye . juli ( v.o. ) he be look into my eye -- bryce ( v.o. ) I be look straight at she -- he pull she toward he . juli ( v.o. ) ...- and then he be pull I toward he ... bryce ( v.o. ) I pull she toward I ... and lean in to kiss she . juli he be go to kiss I ... bryce ( v.o. ) I have to kiss she . I do not care who see . flippedldmay21 115 . juli ( v.o. ) I could not believe it . he be go to kiss I . I have be wait for this kiss most of my life and he be go to do it in front of everyone in the multi-purpose room ? I panicked . I just panicked . everyone be look at they . juli break away and run out of the cafeteria . bryce ( v.o. ) she run away from I . juli ( v.0 . ) I run . he watch she go . all eye on he . bryce ( v.o. ) she run away like I be contaminate . and everyone be look at I like I have blow my entire circuit board . on everyone , stare at bryce . shelly I want my money back , bryce loski . miranda have you flip ? bryce yes . I have . I have flip . ext . STREET - day juli race home on she bicycle . ext . STREET - day bryce run home . bryce ( v.o. ) I completely flip . there be only one thing in my head and that be juli Baker . how she just glow . ( more ) flippedldmay21 116. bryce ( v.o. ) ( cont would ) how different she be from everybody else , but in a good way . she make they all seem ordinary . ext . baker house - day juli pull in front of she bike and leap off . int . baker house - day trina be in the de , at she computer , as the front door slam shut and juli run upstairs . her bedroom door shut with a bang . trina get up . int . juli 's bedroom - day as trina open the door . juli be lie face down on she bed . juli he try to kiss I . trina who do ? juli bryce . trina oh. bryce . trina sit on the edge of the bed . juli it be totally humiliate . in front of everyone . and he have just be sell at auction for $ 122.50 -- trina not to you , I hope . that 's much too much to pay for a man -- juli to shelly and miranda and I be have lunch with jon trulock , who I bid on because I feel so bad for he , and then bryce come over to I and try to kiss I . flippedldmay21 117 . the doorbell ring . juli oh my god ! that 's probably he . do not get it ! whatever you do ! ext . baker house - day bryce be ringing the doorbell . no answer . he bang on the door . int . juli 's bedroom - continuous trina peek out the window . trina 's Pov as bryce leave to cross the street to he house . trina he 's leave . he pass juli 's bike , look back at the Baker house . trina it 's not go to be easy to pretend you do not live here . juli I know , I know ! trina we be not move , okay ? juli what be I go to do ? trina I do not know . you use to like he . juli yes but I do not like he any more . and last Friday night be the clincher . trina absolutely . what about tea ? flippedldmay21 118. juli tea. okay . int . kitchen - a few minute later as trina put the kettle on , juli pace back and forth . juli I mean , I be over he . totally over he . trina I know . the phone ring . trina it 's probably you dad . ( answer ) hello . hello , bryce . on juli , frantically shaking she head no . trina she be ... not available . I be sorry . I will absolutely tell she you call . she hang up . juli Calling I ? now he 's call I ? I have live across the street from he for five year and he 's never once call I . trina start to smile . juli this be not funny . I could end up like Mrs. loski . trina I do not think so . juli why not ? flippedldmay21 119 . trina because bryce be not he father . and by the way , patsy 's have a very hard time -- she 's be over a couple of time this week to talk thing over . I be give you peppermint . she hand juli a cup of tea . trina ( cont 'd ) my advice to you be , do not speak to bryce ever again -- juli I be not go to . ever . trina good . because you might turn out to be wrong about he . and then you might have to marry he . juli Mom ! I be only thirteen . trina that 's my point , honey . this be not about marrying the boy . why do not you listen to what he have to say ? do not be so sure about he . people change . especially when they be young . int . loski house - same time bryce , work up into a frenzy , be pace in front of he grandfather , who be wait patiently . bryce stop pace . bryce I can not tell you . chet Fine . do not tell I . bryce I try to kiss she at that stupid basket Boy lunch . I try to kiss she . his grandfather start to smile . flippedldmay21 120. chet you do ? bryce I be like possess . but she run away . she will not talk to I . chet maybe she think it 's all a little sudden . bryce but it 's not . chet it 's not ? bryce no . I mean ... it all start with that dumb newspaper article which I finally read and ... I do not know , I have be crazy ever since . she do not look the same , she do not sound the same , she 's just ... different . chet maybe you be the one who 's different . bryce but she do not know I be different ! how 's she go to know ? she 'il never know . chet Big problem . bryce I need a grand gesture . that 's what I need . a grand gesture . what be yours , you know , with grandma ? what have you do ? chet I give she a key chain that say '' I love Chet '' on it . bryce you be kid . flippedldmay21 121. chet I be kid . I do give she a key chain that say '' I love Chet , '' but that be not the grand gesture . I make she a bookshelf . Renee love book . she be a book - a - night girl . when you talk to she and she be read , she do not hear a thing you say . and all she book be just stack up everywhere , or on terrible shelf make of raw plank and brick . so I take a class , and I learn all about dowel -- bryce dowel -- chet and I make she a bookshelf with not one nail in it . it be pine . I know what I have to do . the idea pop into my head in a second and I could not believe it take even a second , it be so obvious . on bryce . he know what he have to do . ext . juli 's house - night bryce show up in juli 's front yard with a shovel and start digging . bryce ( v.o. ) I have to ask juli 's dad for permission . I mean you can not just dig a giant hole in someone 's front yard without get permission . a little later the hole be dig . bryce be dirty and sweat . there 's a big pile of dirt and a bag of fertilizer . bryce ( v.0 . ) and thank god for the twinkle light or I would not have be able to see a thing . later : bryce push a wheelbarrow , carry a baby sycamore tree , its root all wrap in burlap , from he backyard over to juli 's . flippedldmay21 122. bryce ( v.o . ) it take I half the night and I be worried the whole time that juli would wake up -- later : the tree be in the hole . bryce be shoveling dirt around the root ... bryce but luck be on my side . CUT to : the SUN starting to rise ... int . baker house - morning juli come downstairs . int . baker kitchen - continuous Matt and Mike and juli 's parent be in the kitchen . Matt and Mike look at each other in a really goofy way . trina cover she mouth to keep from smile . Robert bury he face in the newspaper . juli what 's go on ? everyone shrug . juli what be it ? they all look at each other . ROBERT you might want to take a look out front -- Matt and Mike nod . trina be burst . matt out front . mike Front yard . flippedldmay21 123. matt where to be . juli start out of the room . the family all stand to watch she . int . baker house entry - continuous Julie walk to the front door . ext . baker house - day as juli come out the front door . in the yard be the sycamore tree bryce plant . hanging on it , by a ribbon , be a card . juli ( v.o. ) I know the minute I see it , from the shape of the leave , from the texture of the trunk , that it be a sycamore tree . ( continue ) as juli look at the card and we see bryce 's handwrite : '' for juli from bryce . '' on juli as she start to tear up for moment , wipe she eye . juli ( v.o. , continued ) I guess there be time in you life when you realize that you have be absolutely wrong about someone , and it make you so happy that you be wrong , so blissfully and amazingly happy you can not even believe it -- ( continue ) she look over at bryce 's house . he 's in the window . he wave . she wave back . juli ( v.o. , continued ) I mean , look at that tree . some day it be go to be the most amazing , magnificent tree . ( continue ) flippedldmay21 124 . juli start to walk toward bryce 's house . juli ( v.o. , continued ) a hundred year from now , it 'il be mile in the air . ( continue ) bryce come out the front door of he house and walk toward juli . juli ( v.o. , continued ) and some day I bet that some kid will climb it , and it will change she life , the way it change mine . bryce and juli meet in the middle of the street . they lean toward each other to kiss . just before they actually kiss , crane up to the light . the light fill the frame hold on the light and then , magically : branch grow up into the frame from the bottom , spindly at first , get stronger and leafier and more bountiful until the branch of the sycamore tree fill the frame . pull back ... many year in the future ... the sycamore be now fully grow . a young girl begin to climb the tree . we see flash of she as she climb to the top , and sunshine streak through the branch ... fade out .