focus written by Glenn ficarra John requa 3-16-2012 first draft over black a male voice utter a single syllable - slowly , monotonously , rhythmically . male voice ( 0.s. ) Da ... Da ... Da ... Da ... Da ... fade in : white windowless room - continuous the voice belong to dr . harry mcgurk . in close up , he stare into the camera , now repeat a different syllable . mcgurk --- fa ... fa ... fa ... fa ... fa ... offsccreen , a friendly voice address the audience . friendly voice ( v.o. ) Close you eye . ( beat ) Close they . mcgurk «.. Da ... Da ... Da ... Da ... Da ... friendly voice ( v.o . ) you hear '' Da '' . now open they . mcgurk '' fa ... fa ... fa ... fa ... fa ... friendly voice ( v.o. ) you hear '' fa '' . Close you eye , it 's '' Da '' . open they , it 's '' fa '' . weird , be not it ? ( note : this be a real neurological illusion . the mcgurk effect . http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=g-1n8vwm3m0 ) friendly voice ( v.o. ) let 's try it a different way . the screen split into identical shot of Dr. mcgurk . on the left , he mouth form the word '' Da '' , on the right , '' fa '' . friendly voice ( v.o. ) pick a side . I will not tell you which one . be he say fa or Da ? ( then ) ( more ) friendly voice ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) now look at the other side . what 's he say now ? ( note : whoever look leave will hear ' Da 's and whoever look right will hear ' fa 's ) friendly voice ( v.o. ) the truth be that the sound have not change - only the picture . all we be hearing be ' Da Da Da . 's but when you look to the right , he mouth form the word ' fa . 's and you poor brain , have see lip form this sound for you entire life be powerless . it tell you to hear ' fa . 's it discount reality and give you what it perceive to be true . ( then ) so what 's the point of all this you ask ? it 's this - reality be not what you see . it 's what you think you see . CUT to : ext . downtown NYC STREET / jewelry store - day a uptown woman in she late thirty linger at the window . like what she see , she wave to the merchant inside . he buzy she in . merchant good afternoon ... woman hi . I love that necklace ... int . jewelry store - later the woman hold up a diamond and jade necklace , smile . woman oh this one 's great too . merchant pure jade . mid-century , untreated ... she put it on a velvet tray with several other item , turn she attention to the display case . woman what about that one ...? merchant the sautoir ? wonderful ... he open the case and retrieve a sautoir necklace . woman ohh ... a light knock at the door and the merchant buzy another customer in . the woman hold the sautoir to she neck . woman ( cont 'd ) now this be beautiful . what do you think ? the merchant can not help but notice how beautifully the necklace drape upon she cleavage . merchant perfect . friendly voice ( 0.s. ) I prefer the one in you coat , Janice . the familiar voice belong to nicky spurgeon ( 33 ) , dress in a cheap suit wear by undercover cop and rental car agent . he sidle up alongside she as he partner - a larger , similarly dress man - flank Janice on she other side . woman ( bust ) oh fuck -- nicky sorry sir , this woman 's be work the area for about a week . the partner start removing jewelry from the woman 's pocket and put it on the glass counter . the merchant be shocked . nicky ( cont 'd ) look familiar ? yeah - ( to partner ) take she . the partner whisk she off . nicky grab the jade necklace from the velvet tray . nicky ( cont 'd ) you be a expert - be this real ? the merchant be surprised at what he see . merchant that 's not mine . nicky no . this one be . nicky pick up the real jade necklace fished from the woman 's pocket . he take command of the room with a authoritative confident tone . nicky ( cont 'd ) that 's she scam -- while she 's hold this here , she 's get you focus . more pointedly - she breast do . meanwhile , down here , she 's take a fake out of she pocket and leave it on the velvet . she ask to see another - and she pocket the real one . the merchant be aghast . nicky ( cont 'd ) even I can tell this be from the dollar Bin at target . but all she need be a sparkly hint of green in you peripheral vision until she 's out the door . two more plainclothes men enter with haste . one begin snapping photo while nicky look to the other . nicky ( cont 'd ) Pat - we have get camera here , here , here and here . ( to merchant ) we be go to need the surveillance drive . can someone help he with that ? addle , the merchant look to a saleswoman across the store . merchant yes . Anna ? he gesture to she and she escort Pat into the back . nicky keep up the intensity on the merchant . nicky now look at I . ( he do ) do I have you attention ? ( he do ) be this everything she touch ? I need you to be absolutely sure . he nod compliantly . nicky ( cont 'd ) everything ? merchant everything . nicky place a pile of empty evidence bag on the counter . nicky I need you to place any item she touch into this bag . ( he comply ) one bag per item . each bag have a number and each of that number be on this claim form . be you pay attention ? he slap a set of form on the counter . nicky ( cont 'd ) this be you record . please make sure the number be correct . you will receive two copy - one yellow - one blue . the blue copy -- the man be check the number intently . nicky ( cont 'd ) be you pay attention ? ( nod ) the blue copy be you primary copy . I suggest you put it somewhere other than the yellow copy . but only the blue copy can be use to reclaim evidence . be you pay attention ? merchant yes . nicky be the number correct ? merchant uh - nicky I think you be pay attention . merchant they seem fine , um , yes . he thrust a pen in the merchant 's face . nicky good . I need you to sign here . initial here . here and here . initial once more . he tear off a blue copy and slap it on the counter . nicky ( cont 'd ) do not lose it . he tear off the yellow copy as Pat re-emerges from the back with a four hard drive in a evidence bag . nicky ( cont 'd ) now my partner be come back to take a statement . it might be helpful if you jot a few thing down while you memory 's still fresh . can you do that ? he nod as nicky gather up the evidence bag of jewelry . nicky ( cont 'd ) if you have any question , this be my card , okay ? merchant okay . nicky we be gonna get this do as soon as possible . promise . ( hold out he hand ) pen. merchant huh ? nicky you steal my pen . merchant oh ! sorry . the merchant find nicky 's pen in he pocket , hand it back . nicky thank you . nicky head for the door . the merchant watch , concerned . merchant Blue copy , right ? nicky ( smile ) you be pay attention . very good . and with a wide smile , nicky 's go . the merchant look to the business card . it 's blank . he turn it over . blank . confused , he pick up the blue form . what he see concern he : a smiling carpet logo above a company name - '' mister steamy carpet cleaning . '' he look up . the store be empty - every display case have be clean out . Anna emerge from the back , not yet aware ... anna that policeman give I a blank card . be not that funny ? and as the merchant bolt for the door -- smash CUT to : title card : '' focus '' ext . HOTEL balcony - dusk High above the city in the cool blue gloam of twilight , nicky take in the view from the balcony . he seem as distant as the light on the horizon , as he nibble on a small package of gummy bear . he crumple the empty bag and return to he room . int . HOTEL elevator - night nicky wait for the elevator . he notice a mother and she son approach from down the hall . he watch they . ding ! the door open . nicky enter the elevator , press the lobby button . the mother rush for the elevator . mother come ... nicky pay no mind and do not register the woman 's astonished face as the door shut on she just inch away . mother ( 0.c. ) ( cont 'd ) really ?! no reaction . int . HOTEL lobby - night nicky approach a comely concierge . he turn on the charm . nicky hi , how be you tonight ? concierge I be fine , thanks - how can I help you ? nicky be not you work this morning ? you must be exhaust . I hope they be pay you enough . concierge well , no , but thank you for notice . nicky I know elegio be reservation only , but do they still accept walk - in at the bar ? concierge yes , but at eight it may not be worth you time ... nicky that 's why I want to talk to you . ( smile ) ( more ) nicky ( cont 'd ) could you call they and tell they chef Julien bardolejo of Las loso in Barcelona be hope they have save a spot for he at the bar ? concierge ( smile knowingly ) I suppose I could give it shot . nicky you have a wonderful night . he finish with a wide smile that satisfy she . it quickly fade as he head for the door - pass a group of tourist pose for a photo . one of they extend a camera to he . tourist would you mind ...? he keep walk , pretend not to hear . int . elegio ristorante - bar - night a high end hotel restaurant with a crowded bar - nicky seat prominently at the head of it , enjoy a glass of wine as a waiter place a plate of finely prepare food before he . nicky gracias , sefor . he cut into he food , take a bite . on the kitchen door : a chef and sous chef sneak look at he , await a reaction to they food . nicky reach for the salt . the chef be crush . chef dammit ... the sous chef try to console he as he skulk off . back on nicky : look around the bar , take in the face of the stranger . eventually , at the far end of the bar -- a beautiful young woman ( jess barrett ) shoos off the advance of a drunken stranger . we can not hear , but read she lip -- jess I be wait for someone . he will be here any minute ... 10 . nicky watch the drunk lean in close to she . she look around try to ignore the clingy suitor , make brief eye contact with nicky . she smirk at he as she gently push the drunk away with a laugh . nicky smile and return to he food . he salt it again . chef ( 0.s. ) ( distant , from kitchen ) fuck ! this amuse nicky , until - jess ( 0.s. ) be you a serial killer ? CUT wide to reveal jess be stand next to he . nicky no . not anymore , at least . she smile . jess can you be my boyfriend for a minute ? nicky sure . wait for someone ? jess not really . no. nicky join I for dinner ? jess Love to . he turn to the bartender to order when she suddenly grab he plate and start eat . nicky I be go to -- ( then ) never mind . ( to bartender ) Uno mas por favor . jess this be really good . nicky it be . 11 . jess kinda salty though . nicky do not notice ... jess I be jess. nicky nicky . they share a smile . int . elegio ristorante - bar - later near close time . the crowd have thin . jess and nicky be still at the bar , surround by half - empty wine glass and a mostly eat dessert , clearly enjoy themselves . jess what be this one again ? nicky montrachet . jess montrachet . and this one ? nicky gevrey chambertin . same region , different grape . jess burgundy . nicky very good . jess yaaaaay ... a mini high five as jess beam . even to a guard man like nicky , she 's disarming and sexy without try . jess ( cont 'd ) so confusing . how have you learn all this ? nicky mostly by drink . the more you drink the more you learn ... 12 . jess well then that make I the foremost expert on jaeger bomb . they laugh . the bartender gently place the bill before nicky . the couple mourn it 's arrival . bartender for the wine . food be compliment of the chef . nicky nod politely and pull out a huge roll of hundred . jess do this mean it 's over ? I still have so much to learn . nicky I be afraid so . jess sad . well thanks for the rescue ... nicky no problem , although I think you nemesis have lose he sting . he motion across the bar where the drunk guy have nodd off with he head in he hand . nicky ( cont 'd ) can I walk you somewhere ? jess ( point upstairs ) actually I be stay here . nicky oh ... jess so , yes . a look . a beat . int . HOTEL room - night nicky and jess kiss passionately as they back up to the bed , landing on it with she atop he . after a deep , deep kiss jess sit up with a smolder look . she start to remove she top when -- 13 . slam ! the door whip OPEN to reveal a huge man with a gun . huge man I know you be here , bitch ! jess fly off of nicky who sit up quickly . jess it 's my husband ! nicky you be marry !? huge man shut the fuck up ! jess Jared wait ! Jared rush toward nicky and slam ! pin he against the headboard -- hold the gun to he mouth . jare I be gonna fuck kill you ! jess no Jared ! let he go ! jare no fuck way ! you be dead . ( get in he face ) give I one fuck reason I should not do it ?! nicky , strangely calm , think a moment . nicky I be draw a blank ... jare what ? nicky I think you should do it . I mean let 's be honest . you have be aggrieve . Jared and jess be stymy . jess do not mess around with he nicky - he 's do hard time ! 14. nicky ( to Jared ) and frankly , if you have any idea what I be plan to do to you wife before you come in , you have be really aggrieve . jare shut up man ! nicky dirty stuff . really dirty stuff . Real apehouse stuff . jess wait a second - what kind of stuff be we talk about ? nicky Tommy Lee kind of stuff . you should definitely shoot . jare stop fuck around ! I 'il do it ! nicky you would be do I a huge favor . seriously - I have get a brain tumor the size of a softball . Jared be surprised to hear this . nicky ( cont 'd ) please ... jare ( conflict ) ah shit ! you get cancer ? he back away as jess go be suddenly defeat . jess he 's onto to we . be you a pro ? jare shit . I tell you this be not go to work . jess just give we the money . nicky or what ? 15 . jess or he 's gonna shoot you in the neck . jare I do not want to shoot a guy with cancer . grandma mikulski have cancer ... jess he do not have cancer you idiot ! ( to nicky ) just give we the money . nicky you guy really bone this . you be suppose to wait until she get my pants off so when you come in I leave they behind when you tell I to run . then you get the cash and I be never come back . second - whatever you hear - about how it 's not a felony if there 's no bullet in the gun ? it 's crap . deadly weapon , load or not . Jared and jess completely drop they guard . jess when do you make we ? nicky when you lift the drunk guy 's wallet . jess what ? bullshit . nicky reach into she jacket on the bed , pull out a man 's wallet and toss it to she . nicky could not have be more obvious ... she catch it , nicky head for the door . jess it be good lift ! nicky sure it be ... nicky be go , turn she frustration on Jared . 16 . jess why do not you wait !? jare how be I suppose to know when you have he pants off !? jess how many time do we go over this ? I say , '' that 's the biggest one I have ever see '' and then you come through the door . jare I do hear it ! but now I be think it come from across the hall . what be the chance !? jess I should have never ask you to do this ! jare be you mad at I ? jess yeah . jare can I still be you trainer ? jess cool slightly . jess ( deep exhale ) yeah ... jare be you still gonna come to my Zamba class ? jess ... yeah . ext . NYC STREET - chelsea - night nicky make he way through the chilly night back to he hotel . he 's seem pretty unfaze by the going on . jess ( 0.s. ) that be not a shitty lift ! he stop , turn - jess a few yard behind he and approach . 17 . nicky the drummer from definitely leopard could take the poke off a drunk . you think that make you special ? jess no . this do . she pull out a different wallet . nicky pause . he pat he breast pocket , it 's he . he 's impressed . ext . the high line - OPEN AIR cafe - night a romantic open air cafe atop the high line . nicky and jess have coffee at a cozy table . nicky be mid story . nicky ..- my grandfather use to pay Union Pacific twenty grand a year to let he run a game on they train . not to the conductor - the owner himself . Cash in hand . never have a problem , until one day the game get hold up by a team out of Toledo . but one of the player have a little derringer - think its a good time to defend himself - whip it out - miss . other guy start fire . grandpa catch a bullet in the eye . should not have happen . ( then ) know who knock over the game ? my dad . jess no . do he know ? nicky of course . he raise my dad in it just like my dad raise I in it . you see a angle - you play it . he do not mean for it to go down that way - think he have impress he later by split up the money with he . at least that 's what I be raise to believe . ( then ) he be only eighteen year old ... jess jesus. 18 . nicky you do this long enough , you see everyone as a player or as someone to be play . it 's no life . jess what 's you thing ? Inside ? roper ? nicky everything - be in it so long . short grift , Big store . work the whiz all over too . cannon ... jess that 's what I want to do . nicky no you do not . jess I want to learn it all . I want you to show I . nicky look - jess no - I be not bear into this like you . I be a dyslexic foster kid - no prospect , no future . it 's a minor miracle I be not a hooker right now . I be lucky enough to have a boyfriend to show I how to lift and I have do okay . I know I have a lot to learn but its not like mentor be fall off tree . you be my shot . nicky you want advice ? here - stay off the grift and stay away from the whiz mob . because once you be in , you be in . stick to the pocket , work alone . save you money and one day you get out and start a business or something . maybe you fall in love or just have a life . jess I can pay you . just teach I . nicky I do not do that . 19 . a waiter lean in and place the check between they . nicky reach for it , jess stop he . jess I get this . the waiter exit , revealing jess have pulled the wallet from the waiter 's pocket with her other hand . jess ( cont 'd ) I be good . you know I be good . she pull out some cash . nicky smile . nicky not the point . besides - I be leave town tomorrow . jess where be you go ? nicky Detroit . jess now you be be a dick . no one go to Detroit . nicky none of you business . jess at least teach I something . nicky I gotta go . jess just one thing ? can you show I just one thing ? something new I could use ? anything ? pleeease ? ( off nicky 's look ) I buy you coffee ... nicky sigh . ext . high line - 23rd STREET lawn - later nicky demonstrate for jess . his coat hang on a sign and he use he wallet in the front lapel pocket as a example . 20 . nicky I ’1ll teach you how to do a few touch but that 's it . i’1l assume you can flip a leather on it 's foot , throw it over if you need to - and pull ... quickly and smoothly he position the wallet without move the coat and eventually pull it out . something to see . he toss it in another pocket . nicky ( cont 'd ) breast pocket be harder but we know you have get that down - at least if the guy 's have 6 maccallan ... jess ha ha ... nicky sneaky be fine , but you can get away with much more when you have they attention . he turn to she , take control . nicky ( cont 'd ) look he in the eye . shake he hand maybe - he give she a shake . once he let go , he raise he other hand to show she a pair of glass . nicky ( cont 'd ) do you feel that ? jess ( smirk ) no . nicky how about this ? he hold up she watch . she 's shocked . jess you take that right off my wrist ! nicky it 's about distraction . it 's about focus . the brain be slow and it can not multitask . you touch he here - do what you want here - 21 . nicky hold up a membership card . nicky ( cont 'd ) you take Zumba ? jess that 's not mine . he continue with incredible agility and speed . nicky tap he here , take from here . look over there , he follow . take from here ... he 's show she thing from she pocket without she even realize he other hand be pull out other thing . it 's a slick , flirtatious ballet and she 's in the middle of it . nicky ( cont 'd ) what 's on you head ? her glass be now on she head . she smirk . how could she not feel that ? nicky ( cont 'd ) be you gonna slap I ? jess why ? nicky if you know where my hand be you would want to . she look down , but it 's too late - he 's already pull she iphone out of she back pocket . the show continue , become ever more seductive , until she can not take it anymore . jess okay okay okay ... I get it . nicky take a moment . he step in close , stare in she eye . he gently raise she hand into frame ... ... and place her own ring back on her finger . she 's wetter than a submarine with screen door . nicky now you have get something to practice ... 22 . he walk away , leave she gobsmack on the green expanse of the 23rd Street lawn . fade out . int . empty bungalow - day nicky and a older man , horst , wander through a well wear but empty house - peek in room after room in relative silence . nicky why do I like this place ? horst no neighbor for one . foreclosure all around it . I tie ‘em all up with offer just in case somebody decide to buy a house down here again . ( nicky nod ) follow I . ext . bungalow backyard - day palm tree and SUN tell we we be not in New York anymore . nicky and horst emerge from the pastel 1920 's bungalow to a large yard with and empty pool and look at a utility pole . horst sub-junction . we can tie in to multiple line so we can diffuse we footprint and keep hopping dns address . fio too ... nicky nod again . nicky how many bathroom ? fat ass farhad be fly in so -- horst two and a half . he still get ibs ? nicky yeah . horst he should do a cleanse . nicky he 's a 500 pound Persian , horst - he 's not gonna do a cleanse . ( more ) 23 . nicky ( cont 'd ) give he the half - bath . I do not want to hear it from manny and Bob . horst we will be up and run by morning . where you be stay ? Hyatt again ? nicky I like the brunch . you should come by . horst no brunch . I be do a cleanse . nicky tune he out . ext . miami - dusk various shot of nicky drive Miami causeway and street . ext . dog track —- hollywood florida - sunset greyhound light by late afternoon sun run the track as the crowd cheer . in the stand , nicky take in the last race with a beer . the table before he be litter with crumpled race ticket . his somber face denote concern . and as the announcer call the end of the race , nicky crumple up yet another ticket and sigh . int . miami beach hyatt HOTEL —- day a crowded dining area by the pool , populate by football fan . alone at a table , nicky read a paper and sip coffee . waitress ( 0.s. ) will you be order from the menu this morning or use the buffet ? nicky ( not look up ) Buffet . waitress ( 0.s. ) I think you 'il find the pancake be the best in all of Detroit . he look up . it 's jess , proud of herself . 24 . nicky impressive . jess May I ? he nod and she sit . nicky Hyatt reward card in my wallet ? jess yep . nicky but why Miami ? jess it 's Super bowl week . it 's sucker central . even I know that . they take in the surround patron , dress in football jersey and drink heavily . jess ( cont 'd ) mardi gras for every lifter and grifter in North America . nicky how many hyatt do you try ? jess all seven ... three time each . nicky sound boring . jess not so bad . gave I time to practice . she turn over she purse - 24 watch pour out onto the table . jess ( cont 'd ) thanks for show I that . ( then ) now I want in . nicky maybe I be just here to see the game . he smile . 25 . jess everyone know who run the game on the Union Pacific . you be nicky spurgeon . you grandfather be the limehouse kid . you father be bucky spurgeon who 's like the best insideman that 's ever be . I know you be do something big down here . I just want in . nicky I be all crewe up . jess oh come on . ( he shrug ) look - can we skip the part where I speak with thinly veile allure ? where I lead you to believe there 's gonna be some earth shatter hump in the work ? please spare I that because I suck at that kind of stuff . I just want in . nicky no thinly veile allure ? jess nope . nicky no baby voice ? no linger eye contact ? no lippy mouth of you straw ? jess I be hopeless . nicky a hand graze my knee ? jess nope. nicky but I love that stuff . jess sorry . 26 . nicky you really should learn . it 's a useful tool , professionally . she purse she lip and cock she shoulder . jess ( baby voice ) well maybe you can teach I ... in you room ... she sip from nicky 's orange juice straw . he be appal . nicky oh my God ... that 's terrible . jess I know ! see ? nicky we should go . nicky get up . jess be excited . jess be I in ? nicky we should go . she follow he , beam . CUT to : montage - super BOWL week in miami int . sport bar - night camera move through a bar pack with fan of the oppose team as they drink and revel . nicky ( v.o. ) every minute there 's something go on down here . every bar , restaurant , hotel , wherever ... shot continue as a beard man bump into a fan , quickly apologize . tilt down as he take the fan 's wallet . nicky ( v.o. ) guy work alone , work in team . not just cash either . Identity theft be a big thing too . 27 . on the wallet as the thief pull out a credit card and hand it another thief who swipe it on a handheld card reader . nicky ( v.o. ) you can skim the data off a credit card in about a second ... the credit card be return to the wallet , pass off again and within second -- the wallet be back in the fan 's back pocket and he be none the wiser . nicky ( v.o. ) .-- and by the time the mark get wise , he 's back in Youngstown argue with he wife over the card statement . shot continue to reveal nicky and jess at the bar - surround by a gang of rowdy guy . nicky be mid- bet with a one of they , a bald guy . nicky refer to two shot glass before he . one fill to the brim with bourbon , the other with water . nicky I 'il make the bourbon and the water switch glass without pour they into anything , include my mouth - bald guy no way . but hell - fifty buck ? why the fuck not ? the other man start wave money around , want a piece of the action . jess collect it as : nicky grab a coaster , put it on the water filled shot glass - turn it upside down and put it on the bourbon glass . he pull the coaster out slightly to open up a little space between the glass and they all watch as physics take over : the heavier water flow down into the bourbon glass and the lighter bourbon float up into the water glass . the man explode in delighted disbelief . rowdy guy oooh ! no way ! awesome ! etc ... nicky ( check he watch ) it 's be fun guy ... smiling nicky grab the money and they exit . 28 . ext . luxury HOTEL - night montage continue as jess and nicky emerge from a cab . nicky there 's a flight landing every two minute at Miami International . average of 200 passenger per flight . whoever not here for the game be here for the party - every one of they look to drink big , bet big , cheat on they spouse - - and it all cost money ... and as they enter the -- int . HOTEL lobby - night a busy lobby . people mill about , other be line up at the registration desk with they luggage . nicky ( check he watch ) there 's boost team at all the major hotel . they hit quick and get out before anyone know what happen ... nicky suddenly stop short and yell at jess . nicky ( cont 'd ) if you think I ’m gonna let you mother talk to I that way you're fucking crazy ! the entire lobby turn . jess stand there perplex and ready to hit he . but as nicky keep yelling -- quick cut all around the lobby as thieve disguise as tourist take advantage of the situation with amazing speed : by a gift shop : a pass thief swap out a gucci shopping bag at the foot of a rich woman , steal hers . on the registration line : a '' guest '' place a false bottom suitcase over someone else 's smaller suitcase and calmly walk away with it inside . all around , swap and lift play out within second to other unsuspecting people . back to nicky and jess . nicky be suddenly contrite : 29 . nicky ( cont 'd ) sorry sweetie , I and my temper ... he hug she . she 's mystify . jess what the hell be that ? nicky do not worry about it . they resume they walk across the lobby . jess do I miss something ...? int . HOTEL suite - earlier that day continue montage as a group of hustler and card sharp hang out in a room . it 's a cheater 's gymnasium -- some practice double deal , other shuffle card with staggering dexterity . nicky ( v.o. ) there 's card game everywhere and they let anyone with enough cash in . chance be at least one of that guy you do not know be a mechanic who can work a deck like jascha heifetz do tedesco ... a card mechanic shave down the side of a card deck with sandpaper . a hustler pass out stack of cash to the other . nicky ( v.o. ) guy will shave down the entire deck except for the ace so they can feel they when they shuffle and pull they out when they need they . another card sharp put in a contact lens . nicky ( v.o. ) some guy use mark card you can only see with polarize contact and glass ... CUT to : card sharp Pov : a player across from he hold a five card hand . the value of he card be clearly marked in red on the back . 30 . player trip ... CUT to reveal we 're at - — int . penthouse suite - night a high stake game at a raucous high end party in a penthouse . a huge pile of chip and cash be in play . the Card sharp be opposite the player , shaking he head in disbelief as he lay down four of a kind . poker player whoa ! shit! etc ... card sharp I swear , I have never have a four of a kind before ! the player as well as tobey maguire and lebron jame suffer a huge loss as the '' surprised '' Card sharp rake in the chip . montage continue as camera drift from the table to reveal that nicky and jess be watch nearby . nicky come with I ... camera continue past they , through the wall to reveal -- int . HOTEL suite / hallway - continuous a MARK and buxom woman be about to fornicate when - slam ! the door to the room be kick open by a big bruiser . buxom woman it 's my husband ! as they scramble -- bruiser I be gonna kill you ! MARK ( to woman ) give I my pants ! buxom woman no ! just run ! 31 . camera follows the pants - less mark as he dodge the bruiser and run out the door and into the hall -- passing jess and nicky from the opposite direction . nicky look to jess -- clearly inferr that that be how it 's do . nicky married guy be the best - who be they gonna tell ? a second woman scream from another room . woman 's voice ( 0.s. ) that 's my husband ! another pantsless MARK burst out of a different room , run for the elevator as jess and nicky round the corner . end montage as we CUT to -- int . nicky 's car - night close on nicky , drive . close on jess next to he . look uneasy , she shoot a occasional glance over she shoulder . CUT wide to reveal fat ass farhad , the 500 pound Persian who be fill up the back seat and scowling at jess . fat ass farhad who 's she ? nicky that 's jess , farhad . she 's we intern . fat ass farhad oh ... a long silence , then -- fat ass farhad ( cont 'd ) you hittin’ that ? jess ( furl she brow ) I be right here . nicky no . fat ass farhad she 's feisty . beat . 32 . nicky yeah ... fat ass farhad you should hit that . jess hello ? I be still right here . fat ass farhad ( point ahead ) next block . take a leave . nicky okay . fat ass farhad I would totally hit that . jess be this a haze thing ? like make a frat boy blow a goat ? ( then ) now that I say that I guess I should not complain ... fat ass farhad she talk a lot ... ext . bank - night a businessman get cash from a ATM machine and exit . a moment later , farhad enter frame . he quickly remove the plastic face of the machine , revealing that it be a exact replica of the machine face beneath it . nicky and jess watch as he walk back to the car with it . nicky a skimmer swipe the card and record the keystroke so you can get the pin too . jess wow . he make that ? nicky few year back he replace the credit card terminal at 78 Starbucks in the Southwest . ( more ) 33 . nicky ( cont 'd ) ( then ) take down a quarter million before they catch on . jess what 's a guy like that do with that kind of money ? nicky buy he mom a house , get the lap Band ... int . bungalow - night nicky , jess and farhad ( hold the ATM facade ) enter the bungalow . there 's stolen merchandise everywhere as well as a group of grifter work a small bank of phone . nicky we be about 30 strong - everyone make a percentage . we cover bribe and the fall money for anybody who get pinch , knock wood - knock knock . everyone else knock wood along with nicky . nicky ( cont 'd ) we sell the ATM data to a guy in Singapore and the shopaholics over there ... ( refer to phone bank ) ..- buy merchandise we overnight to ourselves and resell on the gray market . yesterday we buy 200 Canon sure Shots ... they pass familiar face from the hotel lobby unpacking steal Louis vuitton suitcase , find jewelry , cash , passport , etc ... jess oh my god ... jess pick up a beautiful deco style garnet necklace . jess ( cont 'd ) this be so incredible . you think I could -- nicky grab it from she . 34 . nicky nope . we sell everything . take no chance . she take it back . jess it could be a advance . please ... nicky Advance ? do not get ahead of yourself . he take it from she again . jess what about the big con ? I think you be all big time , what 's the big con ? nicky we will get to that . they enter a nearby room . cash riffle through a counter next to jenny ( 55 ) who bundle stack of bill and put they in a safe . jess whoa ... nicky Jenny - front I five k . I get bit at the track . Jenny have a moment of pause , then toss he a band stack . nicky ( cont 'd ) have you see horst ? jenny smoke . nicky nod , turn to jess . nicky I gotta take care of something . be right back . she nod and watch as he go outside , join horst on the back porch . she turn back toward the live room . farhad motion for she to join he . she reluctantly approach . 35 . int . bungalow - later that night a few of the crew stack merchandise and mill about . jess and farhad sit at he computer , look at something . jess awww - who 's that ? fat ass farhad that 's my little girl mina . jess cute . fat ass farhad ( click ) my son , dani . jess sweet . fat ass farhad ( click ) that 's my wife lida . jess pretty . fat ass farhad ( click ) that 's my dick . jess ( ignore ) uh huh ... fat ass farhad sorry about that . ( click ) that 's my dog ... jess awwww . they click through a few more . then - jess ( cont 'd ) so you have know nicky a long time ? fat ass farhad yeah . ten year or so ... jess be you friend ? 36 . fat ass farhad yeah I guess I be about the close thing he get to a friend . jess how long have you know he ? fat ass farhad uh - ten year ? why ? jess just wonder . fat ass farhad okay you get I -- we be sleep together okay ? like the ancient Greeks . it 's so beautiful . jess laugh . fat ass farhad ( cont 'd ) actually , I do not know . I like the guy . I do . trust he . but people just be not he bag . jess I guess you can not blame he . I mean he tell I about that thing with he dad and he grandfather . crazy . farhad be surprised to hear this . a moment , then - fat ass farhad he tell you that ? ( then ) I mean - I have hear that story , but - never from he . horst ( 0.s. ) jess ? horst be at the threshold . horst ( cont 'd ) be you jess ? jess yes . hi. horst horst . Nice to meet you . nicky say you be quite a gift wire . 37 . jess never say that to I , but I x11 take the compliment . horst he have like to see you . ext . bungalow - back porch - night jess come out to the dim porch to find nicky sit on some old patio furniture watch a horse race on a small tv . jess who you root for ? nicky the wrong horse . he get up . nicky ( cont 'd ) horst run the whiz . he 's the cannon and the steer . he 's also you boss if you still want in . jess really !? yes ! yes ! thank you ! she bounce and give he a impulsive hug . nicky do not thank I . you have get a busy week come . he reach into a envelope , hand she a credit card . nicky ( cont 'd ) here 's a clean card . Jenny will make you a Florida id . jess ( regards card ) ooh , platinum . you know a good hotel ? I do not know Miami really . nicky I already get you a place . she 's pleasantly surprised . jess really ? be it nice ? 38 . nicky not bad . I think you 'il like it . jess thanks . how do I get there ? nicky need a car ? jess I do not really drive . New Yorker ... nicky oh ... need a ride ? jess really ? sure ... a moment as both of they think about this . a long beat . jess ( cont 'd ) ( a little nervous ) I mean ... if that 's okay with you ... he look at she , think . int . setai HOTEL - later that night a ridiculously lush suite . jess in the powder room in a lightweight robe , look in the mirror , primp . as we watch jess , we hear the conversation from the previous scene continue : nicky ( 0.c. ) I be fine with it . be you ? she exit the powder room , relishing the luxury of she well appoint suite as she approach the bedroom suite ... jess ( 0.c . ) you seem like a pretty good driver . i’1ll take a chance . nicky ( 0.c . ) you can count on I . she slowly push through the bedroom door -- jess ( 0.c. ) can i? 39 . nicky ( 0.c . ) most would say no . jess ( 0.c . ) I do not know . you seem trustworthy . nicky ( 0.c . ) that would be you first mistake . jess ( 0.c. ) ( laugh ) the bedroom be empty . nicky be not in the room with she . back to : ext . bungalow backyard - earlier that night romantic tension be palpable as they look at one another . nicky seem to second guess he impulse for a moment . she pick up on it and let he off easy . jess maybe I 'il just take a cab . nicky give a gentle nod . she walk away . ext . setai HOTEL - later that night jess stand out on the balcony -- take in the skyline of Miami much the way nicky do in New York . finally , a hard earn break . fade out . int . mall - day OPEN on 6 inch stiletto heel , shakily walk . reveal jess - dress provocatively , squeeze into a tight dress , she bustline boost by cutlet . jess why do I have to do this horst ? I be gonna sprain a ankle or I be gonna sprain a boob - I be not sure which . CUT wider to reveal jess , horst , the bearded thief from the bar ( gareth ) as they walk through a crowded mall . 40 . horst any man pickpocket would kill to have you figure . no one look at you hand when you have get that work for you . jess I can not breathe . ( adjust cutlet ) it 's like be feel up by the incredible hulk . horst first thing first . we stick to rich folk . and no one with a cane or a wheelchair - it 's bad luck . ( then ) gareth be the stall . all eye on I until I make the mark . once I fan he - I 'il tug my lapel . two finger mean the it 's a prat poke , three finger mean the leather be a insider . if it 's a cordeen or a ox tongue I scratch my nose -- unless I use my thumb which mean I be actually scrathing my nose . anything in the leave tail or right tail I 'il cock my head but nowadays kiester kick be 95 percent of it so just do the touch and I ding the poke in the nearest mailbox , okay ? jess ( out of she depth ) oh my God - what do you just say ? horst ( sigh ) okay , plan B -- int . parking garage - day music as nicky pull into a parking garage , eventually snagging a spot on tangerine level . int . mall — day music continue as nicky walk through the mall along the upper level shop . he come to a railing , look down to the level below . 41 . nicky see jess admire a dress in a shop window . nearby , horst be eyeing the crowd while peruse he cellphone . he snap a photo . on jess -- she receive a texted photo of a rich woman on her phone . she spot the woman in the oncoming crowd . and as the rich woman pass behind she , jess follows . nicky watch with great interest , start walking , keep pace with the action below . nicky Pov : jess gain on the woman , draw closer until -- gareth ' accidentally 's bump the woman 's left shoulder as he pass from the other direction . at the same time -- -- jess pass her on the right , effortlessly dip her hand into the woman 's prada bag and pull out a leather wallet . it 's over before the woman even turn to apologize to gareth . nicky be intrigue . she 's a natural . he keep she in he sight as she move . whatever she 's do , it 's not over . nicky Pov : jess '' bump into '' a group of young man , suddenly take on the body language of a apologetic , klutzy girl . nicky watch as she use this as a chance to fan the menus clothing as they try to put the ' klutzy 's jess at ease . they look to be giving her direction , unaware as jess dip into one pocket , then another . on nicky : smirk as she shake a guy 's hand and take he watch like nicky show she . she 's graceful and deat . nicky try to keep she in he view as she move on and pass horst . imperceptibly , she dump the good with he and keep go . this ballet continue , as do nicky 's fascination with she . she 's make it look easy but it 's anything but that . he 's never see anything like she before ... he 's enamoure . maybe more . CUT to : int . bungalow backyard - day later - night pop ! Champagne cork fly as the team celebrate . 42 . horst , farhad , jess be amidst the crowd of crook , help nicky pour out champagne from a few magnum bottle . nicky a record set week , everybody . as of three this morning - one point two million . cheer from the crowd . nicky ( cont 'd ) do not forget to take you personal belonging tonight - because by the time the big game be over this place will be bleach down and repaint and everything not bolt down be go in the incinerator . ( then ) horst have you travel money . once you be home , I 'il wire you all you cut . congratulation ! more cheer as they clink plastic glass -- farhad take a swig and raise he glass fat ass farhad once again to jess . to the rookie of the Year . sorry if I be a dick ... jess would not have it any other way farhad ... you make I smile . fat ass farhad you be a cool chick jess . I dig you shit . jess thank you . they clink glass . later that night , jess mill through the pleasantry with she new acquaintance . she spot nicky at the edge of the yard , she head over . CUT to : party , exchange talk with horst . CUT to : across the yard , horst hand nicky a black duffle bag . 43. nicky that all of it ? one point two ? horst ( concerned ) yeah . no pony or dog right ? nicky how long have you know I ? horst that 's my point . see you when I see you . they exchange smile . horst exit , revealing a nearby jess who overhear everything . nicky be pleased to see she . nicky there she be - I want to ask you something ... jess yeah I too . no big con ? I think you be all big time . nicky no big con . it 's a volume business . not sexy , I know - but it 's profitable , it 's safe and it work . Hell , we may even offer health care next year . jess kind of a gyp . nicky smile at she forwardness . nicky maybe on the next one , George raft . but I just make you fifty k - where 's the gratitude ? jess I be a ingrate , I admit it . but I be ambitious - most people find it charming . nicky very charming . but if I could steer the conversation back to my open line . you feel like go to the game tomorrow ? 44 , jess Super bowl ? really ? like , just we ? nicky offer a affirmative shrug . jess ( cont 'd ) yeah . that have be great . nicky good . meet you there . jess ( sincere ) but , um , seriously - I want to thank you for bring I in on this . thanks for trust I . she extend she hand . he shake . nicky no offense , but I never trust you . jess none take . I assume you feel that way about everybody . nicky I have a dog once , but yeah . jess poor wounded bird lining he nest with hundred dollar bill ... nicky it 's a sob story , I admit it . I feel sorry for myself . jess genius must be such a burden . nicky crush . jess smile . nicky too . a long pause . a kiss moment ? again nicky squelch it coolly . jess so , I will see you tomorrow . she walk off , nicky reach into he breast pocket . 45 . nicky wait - I forget to give you you ticket ... jess no you do not . she wave a super BOWL ticket over she shoulder as she exit and he put two and two together . he smirk , loving it , dwelling on she exit . prelap music as we CUT to -- int . SUN life stadium - various - day super BOWL . the air be electric , fan pour into the stadium . at the turnstile , jess show she ticket as she come through . a ticket taker point she toward she destination . CUT to : jess rise to the top of a escalator - check she ticket and look for a sign to guide she . CUT to : on a upper level , a confuse jess approach a usher . he lead she to a set of frosted glass door which slide OPEN . int . stadium hallway - day the din of the crowd be muffle within the enclose hallway . eventually she ticket lead she to a door mark '' sky BOX 18 '' she check she ticket to be sure , then open the door to find - int . skybox 18 - continuous the roar of the crowd fill she ear as she enter a luxury BOX overlook the game . the crowd be almost exclusively ultra rich chinese men and women , enjoy the buffet , the bar , and the company of a few supermodels and celebrity . jess wander in , convinced she 's in the wrong place until -- nicky wave from the balcony , motion for she to come over . 46 . int . skybox 18 - later the game be in full swing as nicky and jess enjoy themselves and watch from they prime seat on the balcony . jess how have you get this ticket ? he point out seven foot six yao ming inside the suite . they share a wave . nicky yao ming 's a friend . jess and nicky turn they attention back to the field . jess be this a bad time to mention I do not really like football ? I mean it just seem like a lot of stand around all the time ... nicky lot of stand , with brief moment of head trauma . a awkward beat , he look to the crowd . nicky ( cont 'd ) well , if you do not like football we can still make it fun ... ( see something ) okay , look - he point to the stand below where a vendor be prepare to toss a hot dog to a fan eight seat down the row . nicky ( cont 'd ) dollar say that guy miss the catch . jess ( smile , game ) let 's make it a sawbuck . nicky done . there Pov : the vendor throws . the fan miss the hot dog . jess ah !! how have you know ? 47 . nicky that guy can not throw . a roar as the crowd start to do the wave on the other side of the stadium . jess ( search the crowd ) okay - there - shirtless guy with the body paint . sawbuck say he 's too drunk to get up for the wave . nicky you sure ? his team be on a drive . jess you in or out ? nicky in . the wave come around - the man do not get up . jess yessss !! I know my drunk . nicky Nice . they be have fun . nicky spot another opportunity . nicky ( cont 'd ) okay - there - the mamacita in the short short ... in the stand below , a shapely cubana be make she way from she seat down the row toward the aisle . nicky ( cont 'd ) how many guy will check she out on the way up the aisle ? closest without go over win . jess end seat only ? at least ten . nicky there 's a play on . I say three . voice ( 0.s. ) six . they turn to see a chinese industrialist sit nearby . 48. industrialist can I get in on this ? jess sure . ten buck - mister ...? industrialist liyuan . I say six guy look . sure thing . they nod in agreement and turn they attention to the mamacita as she step onto the aisle . the first guy she pass check out she short . jess ( 0.s. ) that 's one . there Pov : a second guy look . then a third . then a FOURTH . nicky damn ... a fifth , a sixth . she climb to the last step , exite - liyuan it 's six ! but at the last second a seventh man turn and rubberneck . jess seven ! yes ! ( to liyuan ) you be over ! whooo ! I know my letch too !! money money money ! she hold out she hand and Mr. liyuan pay with a smile . liyuan ( playful ) I want justice ! I want my money back ! make another bet . nicky / jess sure ... okay ... liyuan which team draw the next foul ? nicky offense . jess uh- I do not know football ... you boy play . 49 . liyuan ( to nicky ) okay , defense . a thousand dollar ? a moment . unexpect , but nicky be game . nicky good . CUT to : on the field : the play begin . in moment whistle be blow , a yellow flag fly . the lead official announce the penalty . lead official holding ! number 25 . offense . five yard , second down ! liyuan lose , but take it in stride . jess be excited . jess whoa ! nicky wooo ! liyuan peel off 2000 dollar from a big roll . liyuan no way that be a hold . double or nothing they make the first down . nicky think a beat . he seem to be fight a urge . he stretch he neck , then ... nicky okay ... on the field - the SNAP ... the throw ... the catch ... the tackle ... first down ! on liyuan , cring with another loss . nicky reach for the cash . lliyuan stop he , more money in hand . liyuan five thousand . do they pass or run ? jess try to make eye contact with nicky but in the grip of he affliction he ignore she . nicky call it . 50 . liyuan they run . on the field : the SNAP , the blitz , the qb cock he arm back - jess ( hopeful ) oh ! back on the qb : he see a alley and run . liyuan win . liyuan yeah !!! nicky smile , beat . jess ouch ... nicky okay , I have learn my lesson . ( to waitress ) can I get a beer ? liyuan be charge up . liyuan I give you double or nothing . you bet . nicky take a deep breath , think . as he exhales ... nicky Nah ... liyuan easy bet , easy bet . they make this kick , you win . good odd right ? they always make the kick . you can not lose . nicky consider it . jess grow uncomfortable . liyuan ( cont 'd ) C ’mon - I like to play . I like you . nicky Fine . so what 's that ? liyuan ten thousand . nicky heave a breath . 51 . liyuan ( cont 'd ) too much ? nicky I get it . you ? liyuan I always play big . he point to he bodyguard who hold a briefcase . nicky ten thousand they make it . CUT to : on the field : the SNAP , the kick ... deflected ! back to : jess cringe at nicky 's loss . liyuan groans in faux sympathy . liyuan oh no ... sorry ... I be a lucky guy . nicky look a little shake . jess be concerned . jess maybe we should g- nicky ( interrupt ) fifty thousand . head turn . nicky have fire in he eye . nicky ( cont 'd ) fifty thousand they down the punt . no return . liyuan ahhh . now you make thing interesting . ( then ) okay . on the field -- the punt fly down the field ... on nicky , jess and liyuan -- nerves fray . on the ball as it descend into the arm of a receiver and ... he run . 52 . on nicky , deflate , fifty grand lighter . jess be sick to she stomach . liyuan be thrilled . and before jess can console nicky -- nicky ( defiant ) a hundred thousand ! jess whoa ! liyuan hundre thousand ? you do not have a hundred thousand ... nicky sure I do . nicky reach under he seat , pull up the black duffle bag horst give he and pull out ten banded stack of hundred . jess recognize the bag . jess you can not do that . nicky it 's fine . ( to liyuan ) how about you ? liyuan 's bodyguard pop open the briefcase next to liyuan . it 's full of band stack of cash . nicky nod . nicky ( cont 'd ) next pass - incomplete . liyuan ( satisfied ) I say he catch it . CUT to : on the field : the SNAP ... the blitz ... the throw . ... the catch . nicky lose again . back to : on nicky -- shaken , absorb the loss . the room go eerily quiet except for the Rolling Stones 's sympathy for the devil , play on the suite 's sound system . 53 . liyuan smile . nicky might be in shock . jess grab he . jess we be go . she lead he to the door . nicky look like he 's asphyxiate . the wall be close in on he . jess reach for the handle . and as the door open , nicky turn , march back and -- spill the whole bagful of cash on a poker table in the middle of the suite . nicky all of it . jess nicky ! liyuan come forward . interested . it 's a lot of cash . jess ( cont 'd ) ( sotto , piss ) that 's my money too . nicky ignore she and grab a nearby deck of card . nicky million one . High card take it . liyuan be on the spot . he 's uncomfortable for a beat . then he blurt out a laugh -- liyuan you be crazy ! I like it ! he motion to he bodyguard to bring more cash . nicky you first . liyuan step up to the table , take a breath . he reach for the deck , hold he hand on it - waiting for he moment . then -- he cut the deck to show the five of club . the guest voice liuyan 's disappointment with a collective ' oooh ...’ liyuan 's face fall . his first vulnerable moment . liyuan ( in mandarin ) ah fuck ... 54 . jess gasp , semi relieved . nicky 's turn . he put he hand on the deck , stare down liyuan with a intense predatory stare . nicky smile . he look down . he cut and turn over ... the three of heart . nicky lose . the world go swimmy . nicky 's suddenly a fly in vaseline . jess 's knee buckle and she thud into the sofa behind she . large chinese bodyguard close in around liyuan and the cash . a walley nicky watch helplessly until suddenly -- - he snap out of it and hastily head for the door , full of sober self hatred . as he pass jess - — nicky let 's go . it 's over . he do not even wait for she as march out . she can not speak . a bodyguard open the door wide as nicky approach . then , as he cross the threshold -- liyuan sorry friend - that 's what happen when you play with the big boy . nicky stop short . thing slow way down again . he burn . jess ( off nicky 's expression ) oh fuck I ... nicky turn . nicky give I double or nothing . liyuan oh man dude - what be you do ? just go home . nicky double or nothing . i’1l make it worth you while . liyuan be a bit surprised . he think about it and -- 55 . liyuan no , I do not think so . you get a problem my friend . nicky take that binocular . i'1l stay here . pick any player on or off the field - any one at all . and I 'il guess who it be . jess be aghast . liyuan any player ? that 's 60 to one . nicky 2 mill - I be good for it . liyuan that 's fuck crazy . ( bother ) I do not like it ... nicky Fine . pick any player on the field . he point to jess . nicky ( cont 'd ) .-- and she 'il point he out . jess ( agog ) what !? no - liyuan ( wow ) you be fuck crazy ! ( think about it , then ) but I can not turn down free money . all be abuzz as liyuan grab the binocular and head for the balcony . jess what be you do ?! do not drag I into this ? its not enough you lose everyone 's money . my money ?! nicky put a hand on she shoulder . nicky calm down . 56 . jess get you hand off I ! you be sick ! liyuan ( 0.s. ) she remind I of my wife ... nicky tune she out , turn he attention to liyuan . nicky it 's a big bet liuyan . take you time . liyuan scan the field . he settles on something . a smile . liyuan get one . want I to write it down ? nicky I trust you . ( be : jess ) now it 's she turn . jess I be not do this . nicky just pick . jess no. liyuan he 's crazy , I know . but it will be he fault , not yours . with a deep breath , she reluctantly agree . she join liyuan by the balcony and take the binocular . CUT to : jess Pov : she pan over the field pause on various player . on jess , the pressure be kill she . on nicky , calm but concerned . jess Pov : more scan of the field , the sideline ... on jess , clueless . jess uhhhbh ... on liyuan , amused . 57 . jess ( cont 'd ) what the hell be I suppose to do ? liyuan turn to nicky . liyuan I give you a chance to back out okay ? no hard feeling . nicky just shake he head . tension mount . jess oh god ... I do not know ... jess Pov : she pause on player # 30 on the sideline , move on a few to the right , then back to # 30 . on jess : jess ( cont 'd ) well I guess number ... wait -- she see something , she pan back to the right . CUT to : jess Pov : there , on the sideline , a incredibly large lineman catch she eye . she readjust she view ... .-. it 's fat ass farhad , in uniform number 55 , talk to a coach on the sideline . jess take she eye away from the binocular , swallow she surprise . nicky see this from across the room , smile . jess ( cont 'd ) number fifty five . on liyuan . all eye be on he . he slowly shake he head . be it a no ? or --- liyuan I do not believe it ... ( blow away ) fuck ! that be unbelievable !!! gasp from the guest as they grapple with the upset . jess instinctively jump into character . jess ( innocent ) I be right ?! oh my God ! I be right ?! 58 . liyuan ( wow disbelief ) yes !! you be fuck right ! Fucking shit !! you be fuck right !!! crazy !!! nicky start collect the cash and the briefcase . jess you be not mad ? liyuan ( craze delight ) fuck no ! we have to go to Vegas right now !!! I have a jet !!! that be incredible !! liyuan turn to anyone who will listen as liyuan ( cont 'd ) do you see that !? do you see what she do !?? jess slip over to nicky as he finish pack up the money -- liyuan ( cont 'd ) and you dude ! you have big fuck ball ! you be my new fuck hero ! nicky smile wide . then -- nicky double or nothing ? liyuan ( craze delight ) no fuck way !!! get the fuck out of my suite !!! and as they all laugh and make they exit -- int . stadium - day - continuous on the sideline , farhad be talk to a coach . we see now it be the man who lost the poker hand in the crooked HOTEL game . fat ass farhad I think I be good coach . consider you debt settle . farhad grab a gatorade and walk off the field . 59 . ext . stadium parking lot - day nicky and jess walk with hasten pace to a wait limo . int . limo - continuous nicky can finally relax as they drive off and jess can no longer contain herself . jess I be go to kill you !!! nicky you do great . she swat he repeatedly and excitedly . jess how do you do that ?!! nicky liyuan be a legendary gambler . bet on everything . anything . huge cash bet all the time . once - the bellagio kick Bill Gates out of the High roller suite because they hear liyuan be fly in . he 's the perfect vic . jess but how do you know who he be gonna pick !? nicky because we tell he to . we have be tell he all day long ... CUT to : int . five STAR HOTEL corridor - earlier that day begin flashback sequence of earlier that day -- liyuan exit he suite with bodyguard , enter the elevator . nicky ( v.o. ) from the moment he leave he room this morning we have be prime he - programming he subconscious . he 's be see the number fifty five all day long ... 60 . in the elevator , a large advertisement for a wine bar in the hotel name '' 55 degree '' . liyuan pay it little mind . nicky ( v.o. ) on the elevator , in the lobby ... in the lobby , liyuan be briefly CUT off by a group of fan ( actually gareth and some other we recognize from the con - team ) . they be all wearing # 55 jersey . nicky ( v.o. ) ... even the stickpin on the doorman . as he exit , liyuan be greet by horst , dress as a doorman . push in on he lapel to see a # 55 stick pin . i/e. limo and miami street - day liyuan ride in a limo , occasionally glance out the window . nicky ( v.o . ) .+- not only that , we load he route from the hotel to the stadium . he look out the window , primer be everywhere . various cut - seemingly everyday event outside the limo be give a closer look . undercover accomplice be everywhere : as pedestrian in jersey , as protester wear match color tees with 55 on they sign , billboard feature farhad , etc ... nicky ( v.o. ) ..- he do not see it , but he do . team color , fifty fives , even farhad ... at a traffic light : honking get liyuan 's attention . he turn to see farhad drive a taxi - honk and yell . nicky ( v.o. ) suggestion be everywhere - the number of flower in a vase , the tramp stamp on the hooker we send to he room last night . flash CUT to a naked woman 's lower back as liyuan fuck she from behind . the number 55 be disguise as a tribal tattoo . 61 . int . skybox 18 - earlier that day a accomplice replace the ipod in the suite 's ipod dock and presses play . nicky ( v.o. ) it 's also what he hear - from the word I choose , to the music in he suite . flashback of nicky challenging liyuan to the big bet as sympathy for the devil play on the ipod dock . nicky ( v.o. ) the mandarin word for five be ' woo 's . there be 124 woo- woo in ' Sympathy for the Devil 's ... flashback on liyuan look through the binocular , scan the field and eventually spot farhad . nicky ( v.o. ) he do not register it , but its all there . and when he look through that binocular and he spot the biggest guy on the field he 's ever see in he life with the number fifty five on he Jersey ? some little voice deep in the back of he head say , '' that 's it '' . he think it 's intuition and pick . a sly smile on liyuan 's face . then , as we have already see -- liyuan I get one . want I to write it down ? nicky I trust you . ( be : jess ) now it 's she turn . jess I be not do this ! and as the scene play on - nicky ( v.o. ) and you be in the dark and flopping around like a trout ina creel make it even more believable . 62 . int . limo - day back in the present , jess 's excitement be unabate . jess ( delighted ) you be such a asshole !! he laugh as she continue to swat at he . jess ( cont 'd ) there 's no way that can really work ! nicky Quick - what continent be kenya on ? jess Africa . nicky what be the color of a chess board ? jess Black and white ? nicky name a animal . jess nicky Zebra . Zebra . jess be amaze . nicky ( cont 'd ) 85 percent of the time people say zebra . the human brain . hackable . jess so you have a 85 percent chance ? nicky farhad have it at about 59 % . better odd than Vegas . jess what if he pick wrong ? nicky just double down again until it happen . it 's probabilistic . 63 . jess well you be still a asshole . nicky you want to learn - welcome to the grift . she swat he again . he fight back a little as thing become more playful . he get a hold of she arm , neutralize she attack until -- she dart forward , kissing he hard . he quickly reciprocate . it 's a long kiss , but they break for air eventually - stare at one another for a extend beat -- heaving breath , eye speak unheard doubt and desire . then -- they resume - passionately and intensely . the chemistry be undeniable , it 's real . it 's intimate . it 's building . they manage the occasional comment between kiss . nicky ( cont 'd ) I have want this a long time . jess what the hell be you wait for ? they be consume by one another instantly . hand greedily fumble with clothing . he reach sensually into she hair and pull she away from he for a brief moment - admire she . nicky do not know if I could trust you ... he lean in , she hold he back for a beat . jess and now ...? it burn in he eye . he pull she into a passionate kiss . int . setai HOTEL - jess 's suite - night they two body lie still , face one another , intertwined in the sheet of jess 's suite . we move in slowly , close in on jess 's sleep face . camera arc around to reveal nicky , awake and gaze at she . 64 . jess stir . her sleepy eye open for a moment to find he there . a small smile , then - jess go to sleep ... she reach to pull he closer -- nicky you go to sleep ... she give he a little kiss . she sleepily prod he -- jess such a jerk ... make I look like a idiot ... nicky next time you 's 1ll be in on it . jess promise ? nicky promise . jess next time , you be the idiot ... she smile . he give she a kiss and she drift back to sleep . nicky reflect pleasantly . but soon he expression change . there 's concern . Conflict . fade out . int . setai HOTEL - jess 's suite - morning OPEN wide as sunlight flood the room , eventually revealing jess in the bed , alone . she wake , notice immediately he 's go . rising slightly , she look around with concern , but the sound of milling about in the adjoin room of she suite soothe she concern . she slip into a robe and head for the door . CUT to : jess shuffles into the live room with a smile to find a housekeeper , not nicky . both be surprised . 65 . jess oh ... jess turn back as the housekeeper apologize in spanish , be - enter she bedroom to find -- a few stack of cash on the dresser . her cut . a note . '' Goodbye '' pain well in she eye . CUT to black . over black '' three year later '' the searing whine of a 19000 rpm engine and the gut pound rumble of exhaust build on the soundtrack until -- smash CUT to : ext . autodromo buenos aire - day a formula one car scream around the track on a test run at the famous racing complex . it zoom past the near empty stand , where a daytime cocktail party be in progress . a few of the fabulous crowd take notice and cheer , perch over the railing . back on the car , circle the track , pass -- in the pit other car idle or be in various state of maintenance . member of racing team garriga diligently work they various job as they driver get a feel for the track . in the stand sit Spanish team owner rafael lamarca garce garriga -- 40 , wildly wealthy and even more powerful . it ooze out of every pore . he sit alone , sip on a espresso and surveying he team from on high . garriga Pov : through the bustle trackside we find nicky talk to a rather severe and ominous 60 year old welshman -- garriga 's head of security , william owen . they huddle around a bank of monitoring equipment and nicky point out the reading on several lcd screen . 66 . owen offer no emotion as he listen . eventually , he step away -- head for the stand . garriga take another sip of he espresso , never take he eye off the track until -- garriga I be not expect such a kind face ... owen be next to he now . he speak in a thick welsh brogue . owen the tech say he gizmo check out . but in complete candor I do not like this -- and I do not like this boy . garriga why ? owen he 's a con man , sir . garriga that 's the point . owen I have deal with guy like he when I be at 85 Albert . slippery fish . garriga I do not say you have to trust he . just to be sure he do he job . owen that I will . my eye be open and I keep my 1911 well feed . garriga be amused . garriga invite he to lunch . owen nod even though garriga have never remove he eye from the track . ext . racetrack lounge - day before the huge window in the empty dining area overlook the track , garriga , owen and nicky have lunch . 67 . garriga you be a man know for great skill of persuasion and deception . nicky nod gently . garriga ( cont 'd ) you be very hard for I to find . nicky I would be out of it for a while . garriga so why do you take my offer ? nicky ran out of money . garriga smile . he 's disarmingly charming . garriga I love everything about what we do . driver risk they life for glory . the competition , the constant innovation , new material , exotic fabrication - all of it to gain a fraction of a second on you competition . it be a sport of nanosecond . million of dollar to get the slight edge . ( then ) my car - you see it ? nicky beautiful ... garriga easily $ 400 million dollar in R and D. Ferrari , mcewen , Lotus , they spend half of that . ( then ) but still I have a problem . ten year ago at leman I be young and I be drunk and I declare team garriga would dominate the sport within a decade . and over that decade we have come very close . this year mcewen be the only team stand in my way . ( then ) but I have something none of they have . 68 . nicky the exr . the fuel burn algorithm . garriga yes , they all want it . my engineer promise it guarantee I a win . but that 's not enough for I . perhaps I be paranoid . or perhaps I be too proud . but I will not lose . that be why I want you . owen this need to be discreet . it need to be safe . no hole . nicky the plan be as we have discuss . I pose as a disgruntled contractor offer to sell the exr to the mcewen team . but that 's not what I will give they . i’11l give they a fake design by a friend of mine . they 'il load it into they car 's tuning control unit . it will test well - but it do not do anything . basically it just give a false read to they instrument . it ’1ll mislead the driver enough to give you a add edge . garriga how much of a edge ? nicky not much . two third of a second every few lap ? imperceptible . undetectable . garriga two third of a second be a gracious plenty . owen nod . then - owen just because the tech say it check out , what make you think you can convince they you be absolutely real ? that you be completely authentic ? you can not be dick around boy . 69 . nicky you do not need to worry about that . I be well research . we be good to go . ( then ) the Grand prix kickoff party at we hotel tonight ... garriga yes . nicky I will be there early . i’1l be see drink , brag and boisterous . at some point in the evening I will approach you in view of the mcewen team . a argument ensue . i’1l throw down my drink , I will yell , I nil shove you - Security will throw I out . at that point it 's 1ll have it 's own inertia . mcewen’11 probably contact I right there . if not , I 'il go to he . garriga good . nicky just so we understand . whatever I sell it for - I keep all of it . plus the million from you . owen and garriga agree . ext . buenos aire HOTEL - night nestled into the beautiful city of Buenos Aires , a gorgeous hip hotel play host to a kickoff party of Grand prix week . outside be a lavish affair where the race team , dignitary , VIP spectator and generally fabulous folk enjoy themselves as music thump over it all . nicky arrive , work he way through the crowd . he pass a race fan couple get a autograph from a famous driver . the husband offer he camera to pass nicky . husband take we picture ? nicky sure. 70 . nicky gladly grab the camera and quickly pop off a photo of the couple and the driver . nicky ( cont 'd ) one for safety ... he snap another and return the camera . move on , he spot garriga and owen in a distant corner , regards they a moment , then turn he gaze to another set of VIP 's . nicky Pov : a burly , ebullient australian team owner ( morgan mcewen , 5us ) hug he driver who wear a team mcewen jacket . nicky turn he attention to the bar . he 's greet by a Argentine bartender whose name tag read , '' marcello '' . marcello ( in spanish ) what may I get you sir ? nicky ( in spanish ) marcello , be it ? I have a favor to ask . marcello yes sir ? nicky I be here on business with a client who love to drink . but I 'ma recover alcoholic so when I order a vodka martini rock can you just give I water and olive instead ? marcello ( in English ) of course sir . understood . nicky vodka martini . rock . marcello nod and prepare a drink . ext . buenos aire HOTEL - later that night music as nicky mingle at the party , talk to various guest - laughing , chatting and most of all , drinking . on nicky , talk up a guest , '' tipsy '' and disparage . 71 . nicky -.- he 's a real son of a bitch as far as I be concerned . do you know if garriga be Spanish for thief ? ( then ) forget it . I do not want to ruin the party ... sorry man ... in a brief montage , we watch he grow increasingly '' drunk '' as he downs several water martinis . he laugh loudly and sloppily flirt with a pretty woman - briefly catch mcewen 's eye - just enough to make a impression . nicky ( cont 'd ) ( point across room ) there he be right there . Commander in thief . stole my design . could have be million in it for I . guess you can do whatever you want if you be a rich prick ... pretty woman maybe you should slow down a little . drink some water ... nicky no. I be gonna talk to he . its a free country . pretty woman just calm down . nicky I be go ... he stagger off . on nicky , head across the room to owen and garriga . owen give a subtle nod . nicky acknowledge he . but as he make he way across to garriga , he stop suddenly -- fall out of character . his face fall . it 's jess , look stun in a gorgeous dress and make a incredible entrance from across the crowded space . confident on she heel , confident in all way , she saunter toward he with smolder intensity . she seem a completely different woman , but it 's definitely she . nicky be throw for a loop as she come closer . she do not see he but continue on , smile at the sight of someone . 72 . nicky turn to see who , only to find garriga spread he arm at the sight of she . she walk right into garriga 's arm and give he a more - than - a-friend kiss . nicky try to absorb this shocking development . shaken , he veer off course and head for a exit . CUT to : on jess , with garriga , take a sip from he drink . jess be this a pisco sour ? I 'il have one of this sweetie . garriga of course bonita ... and as garriga order a drink from a nearby waiter , jess catch sight of nicky leave the party . she calmly observe he and after a few moment lean close to garriga . jess I be just gonna run to the lady ... garriga of course ... ext . HOTEL terrace - night away from the party on a large terrace , nicky look out at the beautiful grounds as he try to process thing . after a few beat , the sound of woman 's heel . he turn to see jess approach . they silently size each other up . jess well hello . nicky hi. jess what be you do here ? nicky just here for the race . 73 . jess should be a good one . ( then , change subject ) Long time . nicky yeah . ( then , change subject ) so you be with um ...? jess rafael garriga . yes . he own one of the team . nicky pause . acknowledgment or a pang of jealousy ? nicky oh. great . be he a mark ? jess no . we be together . have be for a long time . I be out of the game . nicky oh. good . good for you . jess what about you ? nicky I -- jess I look for you , you know . guilt play behind he eye . nicky you should not have ... jess what be I suppose to do ? nicky hate I . forget I . jess be that what you do ? just forget ? nicky I make a mistake . 74 . jess what ? sleep with I ? bring I in ? talk to I in that bar ? before he can answer -- jess ( cont 'd ) you leave I back at square one you know ? wandering . so I do what you say - work alone . get on the party circuit , boost watch and travel for a year before I meet rafael in Valencia . we have be together ever since . he 's a good guy . generous . kind . nicky glad to hear it ... I be sorry if I - - jess no , you do I a favor . rafael have change my entire life . I be in love . I be happy . I should be thanking you . nicky absorb this . he smile half - heartedly . jess ( cont 'd ) guess I ’1ll see you around . she give a kiss on the cheek . a friend 's kiss . jess ( cont 'd ) but look - he do not know about my past so -- you do not know I . okay ? he get it , but it seem like it hurt to hear it . nicky yeah . okay . he 's leave watch she walk away , regretful . he reach into he lapel pocket , search for he wallet . it 's still there . ext . HOTEL bar area - later nicky belly up to another bar at the party - raise a hand to the bartender . nicky vodka . 75 . the bartender place a drink before nicky . nicky take a gulp , but be quickly disappointed . nicky ( cont 'd ) this be water . bartender yes sir . I have speak with marcello . nicky look across the party . marcello look back at he with a big thumb up . nicky try again . nicky give I a real one . bartender Sir , I could not . nicky it 's okay . I need a drink . several actually . bartender he tell I to be strong for you . nicky I ’1ll talk to marcello . ext . HOTEL - marcello 's bar - moment later nicky belly up to marcello 's bar . nicky okay marcello , you do a great job . we be good now . but I really need a drink so I want you to make I real one . alright ? marcello understood sir . nicky actually make it a double . marcello come right up . CUT to : marcello pour a huge one into a glass in front of nicky . he take a swig . 76 . nicky this be water . marcello ( to be hear ) no sir , it be a real drink . absolutely one hundred percent genuine . nicky who be you talk to ? just give I a drink . marcello I misunderstand sir . I be sorry ... he turn to make another . nicky no - do it here . do it right in front of I . marcello comply and begin to make the drink right before he with the proper ingredient . marcello what do I care ? it be not my life . what do it matter if you come home at three a.m ? if you yell and scream at you wife while you child cower under the bed afraid for they mother 's life ? until one day , one of that child come out from beneath the bed and push you against the wall and yell no more papi ! no more ! I be the man of this family now and you can go to hell ! marcello place the drink in front of nicky . he pick it up , ignore what he just hear and hold it in front of he lip for a long beat . then , guiltily - nicky fuck you marcello . he slam down the drink and storm off . marcello be proud of he tough love . ext . HOTEL - moment later on a waiter with a trayful of drink . nicky cut he off , stop he in he track . 77 . nicky grab the tray - and stare down the waiter until he let go of it . ext . HOTEL pool area - continuous on nicky , sit on the diving board , drink while watch jess and garriga from afar . the tray be next to he , half of the glass be empty . he remain indifferent as owen join he . owen be you drunk ? nicky no . owen what part of the plan call for a tray full of lemon drop , Apple - tinis , and goldschlager shot ? be you pledge a sorority house ? nicky I think I may need to rethink the plan . owen why ? what 's go on ? something wrong ? nicky no . I be just not feel it . owen you be not feel it ? this be not jazzfest , thelonious . what 's you reason ? nicky nothing . forget it . I be fine . just wait for the right time . owen you sure ? Mr. garriga be not a guy you want to cross ... I neither . so if there 's something you need to say , say it . nicky I say it . I be wait for the right time . 78 . owen God damned primadonna delicate science bullshit . you be not smash atom here . this be not cern . just do what you be be pay to do . ( mutter ) shitheel ... owen exit . nicky shoot back another drink . ext . HOTEL VIP area - night garriga and jess laugh at a unheard joke . she swat he . jess rafael !! garriga funny , right ? nicky ( 0.s. ) hey you !!! they turn to see a very drunk nicky stand nearby . owen be tense . jess be freak out . jess oh God ... garriga do not worry . he 's a disgruntled engineer . smash ! nicky throw down he glass . many guest , include mcewen turn . garriga ( cont ’d ) I expect you have to something to say to m- - whack ! nicky knock garriga off he foot with a very unexpected punch to the face . owen ( surprised by punch ) oh shit -- jess what be you do !? garriga hit the ground as the whole room turn to watch . mcewen be one of they . owen rush in as -- 79 . wham !! nicky dive atop garriga , punch and wrestle with he as owen try to pull he off . garriga ( to nicky ) why be you punch I ? ( whack ) I think we be shove . ( whack ) nicky you take my idea , you claim they as you be own . you steal from I !! on jess : not sure how to react . on nicky , wildly attack garriga . nicky ( cont 'd ) I ’m so disgruntled !!! owen and party security finally peel he off garriga as jess try to figure out what 's go on . garriga get he out of here ! mcewen watch as they drag nicky away while garriga try to urge the guest to resume enjoy the party . mcewen turn and whisper something to he bodyguard stand next to he . on owen , yanking nicky and whisper in he ear . owen oversold it a bit do not you ? nicky I be catch in the moment ... owen shove he off , let security take he out the rest of the way . on jess , icing garriga 's 's face as he sit recover . jess what be that ? garriga the racing business bonita . that 's all ... int . HOTEL - lobby - night Security escort nicky out of the party and across the lobby toward the front door . 80 . nicky you can not throw I out -- I be stay here . massive security guard let 's see you key . nicky dig in he pocket and produce he keycard . satisfied , they throw he to the floor and walk away . nicky lay on the refreshingly cool marble of the lobby floor when two feet settle to a stop next to he head . he look up to find mcewen 's hulk bodyguard , gordon , look down at he . gordon Mr. mcewen would like to have lunch in he suite tomorrow . information be on the card . Gordon drop a card on he chest and walk off . nicky smile and slowly rise to he foot to make he way to he room so that he can spend the night vomit . fade out . i/e . mcewen 's suite - day Gordon let nicky into the palatial suite and escort he into the live room area . the drape dance on the breeze blow in from the balcony door . corpulent mcewen be outside , enjoy the view . music from the pool area below can be hear as nicky join he by the railing . they stare outward , side by side . a long pause , then - mcewen ever hear of udo pappenphus ? nicky no sir . mcewen a engineer for Ferrari for many year . brilliant . move on a few time . mclare , Toyota , different team . a fun fellow . curious fellow . with a name like udo pappenphus you have damn well better be fun and curious ... 81 . he have nicky 's attention . mcewen ( cont 'd ) well one day , udo pappenphus be find behind a berm with he throat cut ear to ear . like a giant grin . ( then ) udo pappenphus , a corporate spy ? no. udo pappenphus be a good father , a brilliant engineer and a stupid cunt . udo pappenphus bring home a one inch square of experimental honeycomb carbon composite to show he 10 year old son ... ( by rote ) ..- and they cut he throat from ear to ear like a giant grin or so the story go . it hang there . mcewen ( cont 'd ) why tell you this tale ? other than the fact I like the sound of udo pappenphus as it stroll across my tongue ? it 's a warning ... of what you be get yourself into . he be garriga 's man . nicky I want three million dollar . mcewen that 's a lot of money . nicky it 's the exr . mcewen ( surprised ) great God almighty ... nicky stare down at the pool party below . nicky mmm hmm ... nicky Pov : jess be walk through the crowded pool area in a sexy outfit . 82 . mcewen I think maybe you have have some shit like a drop cockpit - blow diffuser nonsense ... nicky do not answer , distract . mcewen ( cont 'd ) but the exr ? you be Father bloody Christmas come to I . nicky ( distract ) uh huh ... mcewen it 's mine anyway - God know he steal all my engineer from I . as mcewen talk , nicky walk along the railing to get a better look at she . mcewen ( cont 'd ) I be go to need to see proof . nicky watch as jess embrace garriga , leave mcewen wait for a answer . mcewen ( cont 'd ) do you understand ? still no answer from stare nicky . mcewen ( cont 'd ) what the hell be you look at ? nicky snap out of it as mcewen glance down to see . nicky what ? mcewen do the pool go Euro ? ( to inside ) Gordon ! get my field glass . mcewen squint , spot jess . mcewen ( cont 'd ) ahhh . I see the one . she 's a beauty . Bet she 's one of that formula one skank who follow the circuit . 83 . nicky ( offended ) she 's not a race skank . mcewen oh - do you know she ? nicky no , I be just not get a skanky vibe . mcewen oh sure she be . the hotel 's lousy with they . nicky she look like a very nice girl . mcewen sure . for the right price . mcewen laugh . nicky scowl as mcewen keep leer . mcewen ( cont 'd ) gah . look at she buttock . ( inside ) Gordon ! field glass ! now !! ( then ) chisele marble lobe ... nicky ( bother ) okay , can we get back to business ? mcewen a little small on top , but who care ? nicky ( want to punch he ) that 's a very subjective topic . one man 's small be another man 's perfection . mcewen maybe if you be book a fashion show , but I be talk about slapping ball !! nicky ( annoyed , short ) listen - do you want the stuff or not ? 84 . mcewen of course I do . gordon get I my field glass you mouth breathing yabby ! ( then , to nicky ) but I be gonna need proof first . nicky you will have it . I x11 contact you . then it 's three million . Cash . nicky exit , run into bodyguard gordon as he 's deliver SMALL binoculars to mcewen . nicky grab they from he and quickly break they in half . nicky ( cont 'd ) sorry . he give they back and exit . ext . pool area bar —- day a cloistered pool bar partially separate from the pool area by tall landscape . jess arrive with a empty glass . a blonde bartender help she . blonde bartender sangria ? jess nod as the bartender top off she glass . nicky appear behind she . nicky let I get this one ... jess be not pleased . jess what be you do ? nicky just have a drink . jess you do not know I , remember ? nicky just have a drink . Stranger . jess what be that last night ? be that about I ? 85 . nicky no. ( then ) well , a little bit about you . jess be you work a angle on rafael ? nicky no. I be work for he . it 's nothing . trust I . jess trust you . of course . nicky I know . I deserve that -- but ... when you grow up in this - with a father like mine , you do not just trust people . it 's not do . it 's -- jess be that it ? it 's all you dad 's fault ? I get it . I forgive you okay ? but if rafael see we , I do not know what 's gonna happen . he 's the jealous type . Goodbye . nicky you be miss the point . jess oh really ? then tell I - what 's the point ? nicky the point be ... I do not know what the point be . a chance to explain ? talk ? I do not know - make it up to you ? she think . she 's wrestle with something . a deep breath , a big sigh , then - jess to be perfectly honest . I be kind of happy to see you . it 's just -- I mean , three year be a long time . I guess I should just get over it ... nicky leave a silence , hope she ’1ll say more . 86 . jess ( cont 'd ) thing with rafael be ... complicated . I be just painting a pretty picture . I mean , thing be fine but ... it 's a strange world and sometimes ... she drift off in think for a moment , a vulnerability behind she eye . jess ( cont 'd ) I could actually use a ... a distraction . you know ? I get lonely here . he 's so busy ... her eye start to well . she gather herself . jess ( cont 'd ) God - I must sound like such a train wreck ... nicky no. no , no ... not at all . jess ( big sigh ) it be fun in Miami be not it ? nicky smile and nod . she move closer . jess ( cont 'd ) I kind of miss the game . I miss you . ( she think ) if I be to slip away . I mean , if I could ... do you think ...? ( then ) it 's a mistake , forget it . he lean in , see he chance . nicky we can do whatever you want to do . I can keep you safe ... she lean in even closer , whisper - jess you teach I so much . but I have learn a lot since then . I would really love to show you all the thing I have learn ... nicky would like that . she move toward he lip . 87. a kiss , gentle but simmer . once it end - jess ( cont 'd ) like how I learn how to play man like I just play you . nicky instantly back off , chide himself . jess smile and skewer he . jess ( cont 'd ) you be pathetic . I think you be lose it . nicky when do you learn that ? jess '' I will keep you safe ? '' blech ! what the hell be that ? do that get you laid ? nicky that be not a line ! jess I be not fall for you shit again nicky . and I be very happy . stay away from I . she walk away . nicky admonish himself . then -- jess ( cont 'd ) and you be still a easy lift ... she toss back he wallet as she disappear from view , leave nicky want she more than ever . fade out : ext . alexander mcqueen boutique - day jess emerge from garriga 's escalade and a Argentine saleswoman open the door to greet she . saleswoman we have be expect you ... int . alexander mcqueen fitting area - day splendid dress all around . 88 . saleswoman ( 0.s. ) seflor garriga 's assistant call . we pull a few thing they say you might like ... jess be at the mirror deck out in a amazing dress as the saleswoman stand beside she . jess I think this one would just about kill he . saleswoman it 's breathtaking , be it not ? it be . ext . buenos aire STREET - later jess be laden with bag , continue she shopping expedition . pass a bus stop where several elderly people get on a bus , she notice a purse on the ground nearby . she try to get the attention of the board passenger ... jess whoa whoa -- wait ! hello ? hello ! ( realize ) I mean hola ! wait ... too late -- the bus door close and it pull away . frustrate for a moment , jess be overcome by a touch of she pickpocket past as she pick up the purse . she look around quickly then dig into the purse . not much - a address book , some keys and a wallet with a few peso and picture of a sweet old couple - the wife beam and the husband in a wheelchair . she be overcome with guilt . she flip to the first page of the address book and quickly find the woman 's information . she dial the number . a old man answer . old man ( 0.s. ) hola ? jess hola - - um , hi , you wife , um -- espousa ? she -- old man ( 0.s. ) que ? 89 . jess habla ingle ? old man ( 0.s. ) que ? no habla -- click . he hang up . jess be stymy for a moment , then -- ext . buenos aire side STREET / courtyard - later jess scan building number , refer to the address book periodically . the escalade follow she slowly . she come upon a residential courtyard , enter to find -- nicky so you do still have a heart . grinning nicky be seat at a garden table in the courtyard with a open bottle of malbec and two glass . jess be piss jess oh God ! seriously ? nicky ( as old man ) Si , estoy muy en serio . she toss the address book at he . jess you be a dick ! stop waste my time ! she stomp off . he follow . nicky C ’mon just sit with I . have a little wine . be not this romantic ? jess yes ! stalk really turn my crank she get inside the escalade and it drive off . int . escalade - continuous jess huff at she situation when , ding ! her phone receive a text . she look down to read -- " sorry " ding ! another text : 90 . '' do not know how else to get you number " jess dammit ... she 's mad at herself , but also a little amused ... int . buenos aire HOTEL - nicky 's room - night it 's late . nicky lounge on he bed , watch a_la cama con porcel on tv , eat gummy bear and drink a beer . ding . his phone light up with a text . it 's jess . '' what 's the matter ? can not sleep ? '' he quickly sit up , spilling he beer . he think a moment . ding . another text : '' you light be still on . '' he look to the window . be she watch ? ding . another text . '' be at the terrace garden in 5 . '' a smile . he spring into action -- put on a shirt and quickly freshen up in the bathroom mirror . he exit . beat . he re-enter , smell he armpit . quickly apply deodorant , leave again . ext . buenos aire HOTEL garden - night nicky arrive at the garden on the hotel grounds . he look for jess . no sign of she . ding . a text : '' turn around '' he slowly turn . he 's face the hotel . ding . '' look up '' he do . scan upward a few floor until he see -- jess , in heavy shadow , silhouett by the light spilling from she suite . 91 . he watch as she slowly undoe the sash of she robe , not yet open it . she turn and move inside , diffuse by the sheer curtain and warm light inside . nicky walk with she as she enter the bedroom . he 's rapt , not notice as he walk through a manicure flower bed . she stop , she back to he , still diffuse by the curtain . he stop and watch as she drop her robe . although obscure slightly by the curtain , he can see she turn she head and he can discern a sly smile . then -- garriga enter the bedroom , shirtless , hairy and libidinous . she turn to he and embrace he . nicky shoulder he disappointment and frustration as they vanish from view . fade out . ext . test track - day a mcewen F - 1 car on a test run speed past the pit where the mcewen team be gather . nicky , mcewen and a mcewen tech be huddle around a laptop . mcewen well ? tech it 's real . mcewen look to nicky . mcewen Three million huh ? nicky I can have the entire package within 48 hour . code , documentation , analysis . mcewen agree . nicky ( cont 'd ) wait for my call . nicky close the laptop and exit . 92 . ext . buenos aire airport - day nicky pull up outside the baggage claim area in he suv , glance inside . i/e . buenos aire airport - continuous close on roll luggage and feet , purposefully walk to the exit , passing through the sliding door and approach nicky 's car . int . car - moment later fat farhad sit in the back of the car as nicky drive . fat ass farhad be the chimichurri good ? Love that shit . nicky I will take you for asado . I owe you one . fat ass farhad what 's with the coach seat ? nicky sorry , last minute . fat ass farhad godamnn connection in Sao paolo ? Airport 's like JFK if it be in Mogadishu . Orange fuck tile give I a headache . nicky I will make it up to you . fat ass farhad damn right . they have I squeeze between two fat guy . I swear we fly at a 45 degree angle the whole way down . nicky be you do complain ? there 's a time issue . fat ass farhad do not question my professionalism . if I have a pulmonary embolism , let it hang on you head . 93 . nicky I tell you to get up and walk every hour . do you get up and walk every hour ? fat ass farhad why ? so I can stand in front of a bathroom door I can not fit through ? I and the fat guy be pissing in aquafina bottle like long haul trucker . nicky sorry . be you do ? fat ass farhad you better have book I a nice hotel too . nicky Motel . fat ass farhad Motel ?! nicky it 's actually nice . I check it out . now be you do ? fat ass farhad yeah , just have to vent . ( then ) where 's this go down ? nicky point to a gps like device , tracking something . nicky not sure yet . Mark be on the move . Public though . fat ass farhad you sure about this ? this be not my speciality - nicky why be you still complain ? I be give you a cut - fat ass farhad I have not hear from you in a year . and you have not gig in three from what I hear , so forgive I my impertinence . 94 . nicky be not go to argue anymore . ext . public square - day a busy public square line with shop , cafe , merchant , etc . nicky pull in and park . int . nicky 's car - day nicky and farhad scan the sea of crowded table outside . nicky back there - next to the guy in the yellow . ( then ) you get the piece ? fat ass farhad in my bag . ext . square - day farhad carry a small bag as he work he way through the crowded area . he negotiate he way past table , eyeing passersby wearily . he turn he gaze ahead , lock in then palm the side pocket of he bag , check for the mysterious content . farhad Pov : the crowd part , revealing he mark at a table -- fat ass farhad hey there . it 's jess . she look up to see he , pleasantly surprised . jess farhad ! fat ass farhad jess . she leap to she foot and they hug . jess oh my god ! you have lose so much weight ! he look exactly the same . they do . 95 . fat ass farhad I do a cleanse . jess you here with nicky ? fat ass farhad sort of . can I bend you ear ? jess sure , sit down ... fat ass farhad you have get nicky all nut . jess I do ? good . fat ass farhad I have never see he like this . you know he have not work since Miami ? jess seriously ? fat ass farhad I know he 's a asshole . I mean , a really big asshole . but he 's my friend and I be go to bat for he . can not you give the asshole a break ? jess okay , he fly you down here just to talk to I ? fat ass farhad he know you and I hit it off in Miami with I show you picture of my family and my dick and all . jess well yeah , that be special . fat ass farhad I do not know - I think he think that maybe you would listen to I be that we be so close . jess I do not know what to say farhad , it 's be a long time . 96 . fat ass farhad he tell I you get a thing go with this Spanish dude , what 's he face ... jess yeah well that 's where thing get complex ... CUT to : on nicky , watch from the car , squinting at farhad and jess through the crowd . they gab and eventually laugh uproariously . back to : farhad and jess continue they conversation . fat ass farhad nothing in life be easy you know ? jess listen - I know what he be . he may be obsessed with I now , but he 'il forget about I just like he do before . fat ass farhad I do not think you have get that right . he seem different ... and I have know he a long time . jess yeah ? farhad pull a small box from he bag and hand it to she . jess ( cont 'd ) ( open it ) what be it ...? she lift the lid to find the deco style garnet necklace she covete way back in Miami . fat ass farhad he keep it for you . all this time . her eye say it all . 97 . ext . caminito LA boca district - day jess and nicky walk along the block of brightly paint home in the historical neighborhood . the mood be a bit awkward , but it 's a start . jess so I be here . what have you want to say to I ? nicky this feel like a job interview . jess I do not have all day . nicky so cold . you have change . jess no . this be not how I treat people , it 's how I treat you . nicky so you be say I have a special place in you heart ? jess I do not know about my heart . something south of that . it might be pollup . nicky you be make this so easy . jess no problem . I can not wait for the suck sound of you empty platitude . nicky you be so mean . I hope you be not a pet owner because you be definitely a kick the dog type . jess I have a lizard . you would get along . nicky again with the mean . have pity . she stop he and make eye contact . 98 . jess you . be . a dick . she turn and walk away . she stop . nicky I totally lose it , okay ? turn around . nicky ( cont 'd ) never happen to I before . never. ( stream of conscious ) I be lay there that night and I could not sleep and I be just look at you and I be totally prepare to tell you anything . whatever you want to hear . everything . all my secret ... jess oh Jesus ... nicky that 's never happen to I . i- I - I have image of we , like ... like ... jess what ? nicky like ... together . jess like sexy stuff ? nicky no ! like normal stuff ! like camp at yosemite . driving to Big sur. eat crab at fisherman 's wharf . it be all in California for some reason -- which be weird because I have only be there once when I be eight and I be allergic to shellfish . jess I be allergic to shellfish . nicky really ? see how well we be hit it off ? 99 . jess okay - we need to find someplace to sit ' cause I think you be have a meltdown . ext . plazoleta do los suspiros - a short time later jess and nicky sit at the edge of a quaint wharf overlook a harbor at the edge of the neighborhood . colorful tug and fishing boat be moor nearby as jess put the necklace on . nicky look nice . jess accept the compliment but change the subject . jess farhad say you do not work for a long time ... nicky couple year , yeah . do not feel right . actually start feel bad about do it ... which be not something you want ina professional con artist . empathy , a heart ... what a disaster . jess yeah . God forbid . nicky seriously . not so much about the rich guy . but I think about some of the one when I be little . my dad and I would run this scheme at this church . I have speak in tongue and he have translate for a donation . what happen to that people ? or when I be 15 , I rana credit card scam on this video store in Pennsylvania - back when they have the carbon paper slip ? I drive back there last year and it 's not there . video store be go . jess do not you think that be online stream ? or Netflix or the big red thing at the grocery store ? nicky what be that thing ? 100 . jess do not tell I you blame yourself for Borders book too . nicky no . that be the Kindle . jess wow you really have become a wuss . nicky it be a crisis of faith . jess all bring on by sleep with I ? nicky redbox ! that 's the thing at the grocery store . jess do you just say that ? be that a naughty inference ? nicky I think so . jess maybe you be not such a wuss . smile . then -- nicky I even reach out to my dad . have not see he in year . we bury a lot of we crap . ask he if he have ever go straight . he be like , '' I go straight every time I be on parole . '' he tell I that you can not live this life and then not live it . ' be a man and move on ... 's jess and ? nicky I be work on it . jess think a moment , reflect . 101 . jess you say this be no way to live . that I have never be able to trust anyone . I do not believe you then , but I do now . I cut myself off . nicky all bring on by sleep with I ? jess I be head that way anyway . it be not that big of a deal . nicky be that a dig ? jess just a little one . nicky clever . jess why have you go to all this trouble nicky . absolution ? forgiveness ? piece of mind ? what ? nicky I can convince anyone of anything . one time I convinced a man that a empty warehouse with a single chair in it be the federal reserve . so I be good . a good liar . jess yeah . you be the best . nicky but what I want to do be tell you the truth . to tell you the truth and to look into you eye and ... ( inhale ) I just need for you to believe I . they stare at one another . nicky await she answer . jess I want to believe you nicky . I really do . he 's disappointed . 102 . jess ( cont 'd ) I have to go . music . he watch as she walk away , late afternoon sun warmly reflect off of she . she approach a taxi and get in . nicky turn he gaze to the sun set on the harbor . it 's not long before farhad amble up behind he and rest a sympathetic hand on he shoulder . fat ass farhad let 's get something to eat . int . buenos aire HOTEL - elevator - night a sullen nicky ride the elevator . it stop . a couple board . down the hall a elderly woman make she way toward the door . she look up just as the door close . elderly woman por favor . nicky put he arm out and hold the door . the woman enter . elderly woman ( cont ’d ) gracias . nicky De nada . int . buenos aire HOTEL - third floor corridor - night the elevator door open . nicky exit and make he way back to he room when he stop -- jess sit at he door . she rise , she look shake , possibly rough up . he go to she , quick to console . nicky what happen ? what 's wrong ? jess I do not want to talk about it . nicky do he -- jess just kiss I . 103. he do . a loving kiss that 's be a long time in the make . they quickly lose themselves as he back she to the door . never break they embrace , jess reach into nicky 's pocket and pull out he room key . blindly fumble for the lock , jess continue to kiss he as the door open to reveal a short hallway lead to the bedroom . camera follows slowly as jess and nicky stumble down the hallway , lock into each other , head toward the bedroom . camera move in slowly as they land on the bed and continue . match dissolve : camera continue to move in as daylight fill the bedroom and arrive at the bed to settle on the couple intertwined with one another the next morning . musical interlude as they look at one another , communicate only with long look and smile - each enjoy the other 's company without a word . it 's a simple and pure moment , not cloying or force . totally candid and unadorn , they be at once playful and loving . eventually nicky 's face grow a touch more serious . there 's something he have to say . then - nicky I be leave soon . Conflict , concern play across jess 's face but she say nothing nicky ( cont 'd ) come with I . she clearly want to but do not say . he grasp for a reason . nicky ( cont 'd ) I know you think you love he but I want you to come with I . tonight . jess nicky ... I do not love he . but the thing be - nicky you can not trust I . ( then ) I know and it probably serve I right . but I have change and I know I can not prove that but I have change . 104 . jess nicky there 's something - nicky he 's go to be at the track . go get you stuff and come back here . I just have to finish my business and we will be go . she sigh . unsure where to begin . but before she can say - nicky 's phone ring . nicky ( cont 'd ) shit ... ( look at phone ) it 's owen . I gotta take it . she grow concerned . he answer . nicky ( cont 'd ) hey . owen ( 0.s. ) where be you ? nicky just in my room . owen ( 0.s. ) good . I be at the door . nicky hang up , wince . nicky he 's here . nicky get up , grab he pants as jess put on a nearby robe . on nicky , head down the hall for the front door , pass a divider wall that separate the bed and bath section of the suite from the live area . he open the door to reveal a suspicious owen hold a SMALL package . nicky play it cool . nicky ( cont 'd ) hey ... owen come in uninvite . nicky lead he to the live area . owen still sleep ? I think you be meeting with mcewen ... 105 . nicky I be on it . I have time . owen yeah ? nicky yeah . owen there 's a lazy Sunday softness to you generation -- make I uncomfortable . owen wander along the live area . it 's obvious he 's look for something or someone . owen ( cont 'd ) I like to be on my foot . i'11 lay down when I get cancer . or if I fuck . both of which will be do on my back in case you be wonder . he head for the OPEN french door that lead to the bedroom . nicky I be glad you decide to share you life philosophy with I . I be already see the world ina different light . owen arrive at the french door just as jess be ducking out the other bedroom door , close it as she go . owen sarcasm . another pillar of you generation . you want to tell somebody to fuck off , tell ‘em to fuck off . do not say , ' gee , what a great jacket . 's it 's weakness . nicky roll he eye as owen glance through to the bed . owen ( cont 'd ) that 's a messy bed . nicky I do not sleep well . on jess , head for the front door . back on owen , enter the bedroom . 106 . owen someone here ? nicky no. owen grab the knob of the main bedroom door . on jess , try to quietly open the front door when -- owen open the bedroom door , force she to duck into the live room . owen you know why you do not sleep well ? add complexity to the point of distraction . he close the door behind he and wander down the hallway that lead to the front door . jess be on the other side of the divide wall in the live area , match he pace . owen ( cont 'd ) all of you with you phone and computer that bring nothing but a barrage of useless information . nicky get in front of he , hope to lead he to the door and facilitate he exit -- not notice owen grab a SMALL trash can and set a trap for jess by put it in front of the bedroom door . owen ( cont 'd ) Fucking twitter ? like anyone really care that you be eat a turkey sandwich for lunch . ( realize ) sorry ... ' panini . 's nicky sarcasm ? owen satire . nicky be you here for a reason ? owen who would you pick up at the airport ? on jess , on the other side of the divide wall . she catch sight of the trap owen laid - she can not go through the bedroom again . 107 . nicky arrive at the door first , glance back at the live area and catch a glimpse of jess slipping onto the balcony . nicky garriga have you follow I ? owen I get people there . nicky he 's my computer guy . owen blow past he and re-enter the live area . owen why ? be there a problem ? nicky there will not be . because he come . owen I get a little red hair on my taint that tickle when something 's afoot . lately I have be scratch my nether like a fuck macaque . he wander toward the balcony . nicky follow . nicky look . nothing 's go on . everything 's on schedule . we be wrapping up . no one should get spook just because we be near the end . this stop owen for a moment - just short of the balcony . he turn . he size nicky up . nicky gesture to the front door . nicky ( cont 'd ) now come on . let I do my job . owen stare he down . and just when it seem he 's satisfied - he turn and walk onto the balcony . nicky cringe , follow he out to find -- ext . balcony - morning - continuous nothing . jess be not there , only owen . he stare out at the grounds resolutely . owen Nice day . 108 . he go back inside , leave nicky look around for jess . he look to the next balcony . the gap be impossibly wide , but - jess poke her head up . somehow she make the jump and , from the look of she it be terrifying . she 's rattle to the bone . he mouth , ' you okay ? 's she manage a nod . he pull he room key from he pocket and toss it to she . she catch it . he pantomime , '' meet here . 7 o’clock ... '' then head inside . int . buenos aire HOTEL - nicky 's room -— continuous nicky enter to find owen place the small package on the table and looking at he watch -- owen call we when you finish with mcewen . nicky will you stop worry ? I be on my way . ext . mcewen test track — day in the pit , nicky , mcewen and the tech sit before monitor that display the garriga information . mcewen smile broadly and slap he on the back . tech incredible ... mcewen you be my favorite person . I swear you be six inch taller and twice as handsome as when you walk in here . Gordon the bodyguard approach on mcewen 's signal and place a bag of cash in front of nicky . he shake with mcewen . nicky it 's be a pleasure , Mr. mcewen . I wish you the best of luck . mcewen with friend like you , who need luck ? mcewen and he man laugh at he joke . nicky join in . 109 . ext . buenos aire outskirt - day music as nicky drive he rental car with 3 million dollar in a bag at he side . he dial he cell , await a answer . nicky ( into phone ) Mr. garriga ? it 's do . I wish you the best of luck . garriga ( 0.s. ) with friend like you ? who need luck ? nicky smile as garriga laugh . he hang up and speed down the road . ext . buenos aire industrial park - day music continue as nicky pull into a high end industrial park arrive at the open garage of the lotus racing team . he 's greet by the lotus head engineer . int . lotus workshop - day nicky , the head Lotus engineer and a Lotus tech sit before monitor that display the garriga information . the engineer smile broadly and slap he on the back . lotus engineer Worth every penny . a bag of cash be place in front of nicky . he shake hand with the engineer . nicky it 's be a pleasure , Mr. gallagher . I wish you the best of luck . lotus engineer with friend like you , who need luck ? the Lotus guy laugh at he joke . nicky join in . 110 . ext . buenos aire highway - day music continue as nicky drive he rental car with 6 million dollar in the two bag at he side . he speed down the road with a satisfied grin . ext . team red bull -renault pit - day nicky , the head renault engineer and a renault tech sit before monitor that display the garriga information . renault engineer c’est magnifique ! a bag of cash be place in front of nicky . he shake hand with the engineer . nicky it 's be a pleasure , monsieur . I wish you the best of luck . renault engineer with friend like you , who need luck ? the renault guy laugh at he joke . nicky join in . int . dive bar - day a man in a ferrari jacket slide a bag of money to nicky . ferrari engineer with friend like you , who need luck ? they both laugh at he joke . smash CUT to : int . hrt racing team workshop - day nicky laugh with the hrt team owner . smash CUT to : ext . team india pit - day nicky laugh with the head of team india . smash CUT to : 111. int . marussia team office - day nicky laugh with the head of team marussia . smash CUT to : ext . parking garage - day nicky stuff money into a duffel bag in he trunk , zip it close and slam the trunk shut . smash CUT to : int . third floor corridor - night ding . the elevator door open and nicky emerge with two full duffel bag , head for he suite . int . buenos aire HOTEL - nicky 's room - night nicky enter he suite and as the door shut behind he -- nicky hello ? no response . he walk into the live area . nicky ( cont 'd ) jess ? he look at he watch : 7:05 . he continue on to the bedroom . no sign of she . he 's concerned . anxious . int . nicky 's suite - later that night nicky be seat on the bed , wait . still anxious . he glance at he watch : 7:30 . this time it 's he who 's be leave alone . nicky choke back he emotion and refocus . he march to the front foyer , grab the bag and open the door to reveal : jess , luggage in hand , ready to go . jess sorry I be late . he 's relieved , but do not speak . 112 . jess ( cont 'd ) what ...? a smile . int . farmacia - night close on hulk gordon , mcewen 's bodyguard , squinting , look for something , get frustrated . reveal he 's stare at a shelf of medical supplies . finally he find what he 's look for . a night guard mouthpiece . CUT to : at the register , the checkout girl tally up he item : night guard , neck brace , duct tape , a mar bar , rubbing alcohol , gauze ... int . bar - night Gordon enjoy a small meal at the bar , watch futbol on the tv and drink a cerveza . announcer ( on tv ) gooo00000000000000a11111111 ! the bar patron explode with joy , but not Gordon . gordon Fucking twat ... beep . his cellphone get a text . he read it , then matter of factly motion for he check . gordon ( cont 'd ) cuenta ... and as he shovel down a few more bite -- ext . bar - night Gordon exit the bar and head for he suv . he notice a dent in he bumper . gordon ah bloody hell ... he 's piss , look for a culprit . then , a beat later , he laugh to himself - as if hearing a joke in he head . 113 . he disregard the dent , get in the vehicle and drive away . int . gordon 's car - night Gordon drive on a highway , tuning in the game on the radio . beep . another text . he read it out of the corner of he eye . he continue to drive a bit , then put on he blinker and exit a off ramp . int . gordon 's car - later that night Gordon drive down a city street , look for street sign . eventually he make a turn and dig through the shopping bag next to he until he pull out the night guard he purchase . he try to open the package with great difficulty , finally tear it apart with he tooth . he put the mouthpiece in . still drive , loudly breathing through the hole in the mouthpiece . he reach back into the bag for the neck brace . he put it on , turn up the game on the radio and slam he foot on the pedal . vroom ! within moment he 's move at incredible speed down the city street . camera hold on gordon as the car get faster and faster , the noise of the engine and the game build in volume until - - crash ! the window shatter , the airbag explode -- absorb Gordon 's mass as best it can . he stunne for a moment but soon shake it off . he open the door and , remove he neckbrace -- ext . buenos aire HOTEL - night - continuous Gordon exit the car , shed the neckbrace . he pull a pistol from inside he jacket and spit out the night guard just as he arrive at the car he just hit to find - jess and nicky , bloody and disorient in nicky 's car . they be alive enough to see a gun be point right at they . CUT to black . a few ominous beat of darkness . 114 . slow , reverberant footstep be hear . fade in : int . auto workshop - night close on expensive oxford walk across the cold concrete of a dimly light industrial space -- pass tool and equipment and eventually revealing a disturbing tableau -- jess and nicky , bound and gag with tape , seat on chair . Gordon sit watch nearby , tend to he own small wound with the rub alcohol and gauze he buy while hold they at gunpoint . the two duffel of cash be open in front of they . they all look to the newly arrive man who stop before they . garriga ( 0.s. ) remove the tape from he mouth . reveal garriga look on they with disdain . owen be a few step behind he , settling in as Gordon remove the tape , from nicky . jess be leave gag . she 's scared . garriga ( cont ’d ) do you really think I be such a amateur that I would not have someone on the inside with mcewen ? someone to keep eye on you ? ( then ) twenty year in this business teach you never to be too careful . he 's my secret weapon ... ( then ) now imagine my surprise when Gordon show I what you sell to mcewen . not some fake software as we discuss . but my plan , my design , ( explode ) the real exr ! stolen from my server ! stolen from I !!! ( then ) what 's more - you sell it to mcewen for three million dollar . but in this bag there be 27 million dollar which mean you sold it to everyone ! his anger echoes through the facility . 115 . garriga ( cont 'd ) this be my reputation . this be my stand . you 've made I look like a amateur ! nicky you hire a con man . thwack ! owen punch nicky 's insolent mouth . owen theive piece of shite . garriga get a tenuous hold on he rage . garriga so - before the inevitable bloody end , I want to know how . how do you get the information ? he dart toward jess in a rage . garriga ( cont 'd ) and what did she have to do with it !? he grab her by the throat with one hand , pinching her nose with the other . nicky no no -- nicky be powerless as jess struggle for air . garriga tell I ! nicky stop ! I will tell you ! she have nothing to do with it ! I / x11 tell you ! he let go , turn he glare on nicky . nicky ( cont 'd ) she 's totally innocent . I have a guy - he crack you encryption , find a backdoor into you server , it be easy . you should really fire you i.t. guy by the way ... this anger garriga . 116 . garriga no . you use my login , my password . how do you get it ? nicky it 's easy . just brute force . Computer try all possible combination . infinite monkey , infinite typewriter - — garriga bullshit ! liar ! garriga whip out a key fob security key ( a real device for high end cybersecurity that randomly generate password on its small display ) . garriga ( cont ’d ) this generate a new password every 15 minute and it never leave my sight . how do you get it ?! nicky what 's it matter ? it 's do . garriga tell I ! he pinch jess 's nose again . Gordon cock he pistol . nicky leave she alone ! garriga how ? ! nicky let go ! garriga how ! ? nicky all right fine it be her !!! garriga back off . jess be shocked , she look to nicky . nicky ( cont 'd ) but she do not know it . she do not know anything . jess try to speak , shocked . garriga be intrigue . 117 . nicky ( cont 'd ) you security be tight - tighter than I expect . quick flash : nicky in he room , try to hack into garriga 's server with great difficulty . nicky ( cont 'd ) I think I could break the key , but I could not . I be ready to give up - but when I see jess at the party - quick flash : nicky and jess talk at the party . nicky ( cont 'd ) -- once I know you be together , I have something to work with . jess , still bound , look on with disbelief . she shake she head , try to speak as nicky 's eye go cold . nicky ( cont 'd ) ( cold ) I use she . I have be use she . he look at jess 's pain face , he have no sympathy for she . nicky ( cont 'd ) there 's a science to win someone over . for a woman it 's all about emotion . connection . quick flash : nicky and jess at the pool bar . nicky ( cont 'd ) you have to make they believe you feel emotion as strongly as they do ... it 's what they have be wait for all they life ... quick flash : at the pool bar , nicky talk about Miami . nicky ( v.o. ) share history be my in . after that you open she up . quick flash : farhad greeting jess . nicky a friendly face set she off balance , defuse aggression . you talk about emotional matter . 118 . quick flash : nicky pour he heart out to jess . nicky ( cont 'd ) body language - arm down , you be expose . they pick up on it . and once you get they talk , you move into they personal space - not from the front , that 's aggression -- but from the side . quick flash of nicky and jess talk in the boca neighborhood while he slide in next to she . nicky ( cont 'd ) sociologist call it the gauchais reaction . they be disarm . ( then ) now they be open . you know you be there once they start to mimic you unconsciously . a head bob , a hand movement . it mean you be in sync . then you seal the deal . tell she she 's change you . change how you see the world . and then you close ... flashback to the waterfront as jess put the necklace on . nicky ( cont 'd ) give she a talisman , a symbol , or in this case , a gift that say ' you be always in my thought ... 's CUT to : on jess , tie up , cry as nicky keep explain . nicky ( cont 'd ) there be a wireless keylogger in the necklace . quick flash : jess return to the suite with the necklace box . and hide it in she drawer . nicky ( cont 'd ) all she have to do be bring it back to the room ... quick flash : garriga work on he iPad in he room , he glance at the display on he security key and start type in a password with he wireless keyboard . 119 . nicky ( v.o. ) ... it pick up the keystroke and I get it all . quick flash : nicky sit at he laptop in he room , receiving the data on he laptop as jess sleep in the background . nicky ( v.o. ) then I logge into you server as you and download everything I could find about the exr ... and as he log into garriga 's server -- back to scene : garriga stare at nicky , absorb this . jess close she teary eye , devastate . nicky it 's not she fault . she have no idea . she get fool , but she 's not to blame . just let she go . he look to teary jess . nicky ( cont 'd ) I be sorry . she shake she head . garriga think . he look to owen . a beat , then -- he start laughing . nicky be confuse . owen laugh too . nicky ( cont 'd ) what ? what 's so funny ? garriga I think he 's lose he mind ! laugh continue . Gordon seem perplex . he laugh anyway . nicky what ? unable to talk , garriga motion for owen to pull off the tape from jess 's mouth . nicky ( cont 'd ) what ? owen remove the tape . jess look to nicky . 120 . jess oh my God you really do love I . nicky be flummox . jess ( cont 'd ) we be so screw . nicky what be you talk about ?! jess garriga 's not my boyfriend . I hardly even know he . on nicky , absolutely blindside . nicky what !? garriga what the hell be you say about I and she ? she 's just a race skank ! jess Race skank !? what be that ?! nicky can not believe he ear . garriga she 's be drive I crazy , hang around , flirt , teasing -- and the minute I try to get she up to my room ? a headache , a period . the world 's longest period . she 's never even be in my room . nicky jess ? what the fuck ? jess I be just try to make you jealous . nicky you do ! I see you in he room . jess it be a hooker . I send she up to he room . nicky that 's not true . 121. garriga it 's true , I use prostituta . nicky ( to jess ) I see you face ! jess you see what I want you to see . you teach I that , remember . nicky you be a race skank . jess I be not a race skank ! garriga not a very good one at least . nicky then what the hell be you do with he ?! jess I be try to steal he watch . I be on he for a week , wait for my chance and then you show up . garriga hold up he wrist , display a gorgeous timepiece . garriga this watch ? nicky ( to jess ) you be still do watch ? jess it 's a Richard mille ! it 's worth 500,000 dollar ! nicky you be so much better than watch ! jess I be good at it - it 's what I like ! nicky but he rough you up ! jess he do not , he do . 122. jess motion to owen . nicky glare at he . owen she be steal from he . jess he catch I rack up charge on garriga 's credit line . he scared the shit out of I . garriga ( to owen ) this be unbelievable ... nicky ( to jess ) just to make I jealous ? be you ever gonna tell I ? jess I try to ! garriga enough . nicky like a killer whale play with a baby seal ... jess oh that 's rich ! like you be the great communicator ! garriga quiet ! nicky what be I suppose to say ? '' I be rip off you boyfriend please do not tell he ? '' jess oh that 's a convenient excuse ! nicky it make perfect sense ! if it be a lie , it be a white lie ! garriga quiet ! nicky I care about you ! I be worried about you ! 123. jess you be worried about a duffle bag full of cash be what you be worried about ! nicky how can you say that ? I just try to save you life ! jess by lie ! like you always do ! Black lie ! nicky we be both liar ! that 's why we be together ! and if it be not a white lie then it be a grey one ! a light grey one -- bang ! owen shoot nicky in the chest , flipping he backward in he chair . jess scream as he land on the floor , gasp . we be instantly back to a harsh reality . jess nicky !! garriga be as shocked as anyone . garriga what the fuck be you do ?! jess continue to scream . owen I could not take another fuck word . stay on jess as she watch nicky struggle to stay alive , garriga and owen argue in the background . garriga Control yourself with that cannon ! it will bring the police !! nicky be fade quickly . jess throw herself off the chair , landing on she knee , fight she bond to get to nicky . jess nicky nicky nicky - look at I ... he 's writhe and gasp and delirious . 124. nicky Toledo ...? be it Toledo ...? jess what ? nicky it 's I . nicky be quickly lose in a haze of pain and lack of air . owen hold the gun to jess 's head . she 's too preoccupy with die nicky to care . owen what about she ? garriga think . he step up to she . garriga look at I . she ignore he , stare at die nicky . garriga grab she chin , turn she head to he . she glare at he -- then swing at he wildly with she bound hand . he bat off she attack easily , quickly gain control . she burn with hatred and despair . garriga ( cont ’d ) lo siento quierda ... he let go . headed for the door - motion for Gordon to follow he out . garriga ( cont ’d ) ( to owen ) kill she . just do it quietly . garriga and Gordon exit as jess return she attention to nicky , who be slip away fast . jess look at I look at I -- look at I . glassy eye , nicky barely manage to focus on she voice . jess ( cont 'd ) I love you . I love you . look at my eye . I believe you . I believe you . I love you . I trust you . a long moment and -- he 's go . 125 . she collapse on he , devastate . and as she cry , the sound of owen rummage through metal drawer and cabinet be hear . she glance over to see owen -- collect a strange assortment of frightening implement and duct tape from the workshop shelf into a tool tray . jess could not care less , the quick the better . and as he head over to she , she steal one more long look at nicky . something catch she eye beside he head . a metal pen from nicky 's pocket . a idea as owen approach ominously behind she . she reach for it with she bound hand . and as he come to a stop behind she -- she swing around and stab he in the leg . owen ahhh ! ! he drop the tray , shower jess with the sharp metal object as he fall to he knee in pain . owen ( cont 'd ) what the fuck ! he backhand she in a rage -- swatting she away . he pull out the pen and grumble through gritt tooth . owen ( cont 'd ) do you want he to fuck die ?! jess be flummox by he word -- which be suddenly spoken in a american accent . his welsh accent be gone . owen ( cont 'd ) do not you know anything ? owen rummages through the tool on the ground -- find a oil injector ( basically a large syringe ) and turn he attention to nicky 's wound -- owen ( cont 'd ) what kind of piker be you ? you never hear of a Toledo panic button ? do not he tell you I be inside ? jess be absolutely speechless . she can only shake she head . 126 . owen ( cont 'd ) oh Jesus - you must be terrify . must have shave a decade off you life with panic ... he flip nicky on he side , rip open he shirt around the exit wound . he tear off some duct tape and cover the hole . owen ( cont 'd ) you shoot between the third and fourth rib . about eleven o’clock of the leave nipple . it miss the heart , all the major artery . just puncture the lung . Works most of the time . well , fifty five percent of the time . probabilistic . he flip nicky on he back and tape shut the entry wound . owen ( cont 'd ) untreate , you have get ten minute top before he drown in he own blood . he stick the blunt injector needle through the tape and draw back the plunger . it fill with blood . owen ( cont 'd ) but patch it up and account for the cavity pressure ... he pull the plunger out completely and -- splrt-whoooosh . the blood clear as air rush out of nicky 's chest cavity . owen ( cont 'd ) +.. you get about two hour to get to a hospital . gasp . with a thunderous rush , nicky draw a mammoth breath - fill he lung with bless air . jess fill with hope . jess nicky ! owen beam . owen there 's my boy .... there we go . 127 . owen replace the plunger in the syringe , equalize the pressure . as nicky take a few more breath , owen quickly cut jess loose . owen ( cont 'd ) keep a eye on that . pull the plunger if he can not breathe . she scramble to nicky , scoop he into she arm . he 's by no mean in good shape , but he 's alive . jess you be alive ... you be alive ... nicky manage he first pain word . nicky fuck you dad ! jess can not believe she ear . jess what ? owen ( to nicky ) Language boy - I just save you life ! nicky you could not have shot they instead ? owen and have the whole world rain down on my head ? this be you mess ! you pay for it . Three year I be on the inside ! for what ? so you could blow it to make cow eye with some race skank ? nicky jess she be not a race skank !! I be not a race skank !! owen ( cont 'd ) I bring you in . you say you could handle it . I should have know with all you talk of regret and ennui that you be gimp . live and learn I say . he extend a hand to jess with a big smile . 128. owen ( cont 'd ) I be bucky by the way . she shake . jess pleasure . owen I like you . you can take a punch . jess thanks . a moment of calm . owen look at the nearby duffel . owen well there it be , the ill get gain ... ( then ) we gotta get he to the hospital before that other lung fill up with blood . CUT to : int . mercede sedan - dawn owen drive as jess tend to nicky in the back seat . owen I have be work for this prick Spaniard for three year . he 's get a guy at mcewen and he do not tell I ? what the hell happen to trust ? ( self -scold ) should have see it . sloppy . you can be many thing in this game but sloppy be not one of they . time to get out . jess it be a hell of con though . sorry we mess it up . owen beaut be not it ? ( then ) you know what the hard part be ? the hard part be not get he to hire a con man . ( more ) 129 . owen ( cont 'd ) no , no - the hard part be get he to think it be he idea to hire a con man . ah , fuck it -- the hard part be not laugh . too rich . ( then ) you can not con a honest man . ever hear that ? they gotta have larceny in they heart . be not that right Nicholas ? nicky , bleary , nod . owen ( cont 'd ) larceny in they heart . this guy 's heart be black with the stuff . low hang fruit . he pull over , parking across the street from a hospital . he glance in the mirror at jess and nicky , happy together . owen ( cont 'd ) this life be no place for lovebird . there 's no happiness here with that . just think about this honey -- you trick my boy . that 's no small feat . but the con you pull be not for money . it be for love . now you get I choke up . but this game be about the money and if you be not into that you need to move to the land of the regular people . where trust be not a tool to get you rich or get you laid ... it 's where trust be everything . ( beat ) it 's all you get and all you 's 1ll ever have . and like it or not , that 's who you be now . both of you . another glance in rear view . they seem okay with he assessment . it soften he a touch . owen ( cont 'd ) but look at you two . in love . it 's a beautiful thing . ( he turn to they ) but I be take the money . all of it . nicky do not seem surprised as owen get out of the car and pop the trunk . 130 . nicky that 's dad ... jess well that explain you ... nicky smile . knock knock . owen rap on the window . jess roll it down to reveal he curmudegeonly face . owen I ' 1l see you at Christmas . he walk off with the two duffle bag of cash and disappear into the gloam . ext . hospital - dawn music as jess shoulder nicky 's weight as they walk across the street . as they shuffle along , they seem strangely happy . well suite , content . they head to the hospital . they head for the future . in love . a glint catch nicky 's eye . he look to jess 's wrist : it 's garriga 's watch . fade out . the end