fogg 's million " fogg' million . " ( two -part Drama . ) by Elizabeth R. carpenter . ( produce by the vitagraph Co. of America . ) cast . melville loring . Grace marvin . Jim marvin . wm. fogg . Mrs. fogg. milly fogg. Peter fogg. Dr. jack manly . nurse , valet , clerk , may , policeman , hospital attendant , chauffeur , etc. , etc . part one . synopsis . Old Peter fogg , uncle of William fogg , have a stroke , and be order to the seaside by Dr. Jack manly , who be in love with wm. fogg 's daughter , milly . milly , however , be in love with melville loring , whom Jim marvin , now wm. fogg 's gardener , believe to be the man that elope with he ( Jim 's ) wife . Jim tell manly of he suspicion , and milly overhear he . Grace marvin learn of Peter fogg 's be a millionaire , and scheme , scrape up a acquaintance with he . scene of action . leader . dr . manly be in love with milly fogg . scene 1 . drawing room william fogg' home . milly fogg and Dr. manly be seat together . William fogg and he wife be in another part of the room chat . Dr. manly show that he be love with milly , but she treat he advance lightly . melville loring be show in by the may and milly immediately go to he . she be impressed with this fine- look man of the world . loring shake hand all around . Dr. manly have notice the gladness with which milly go to loring , and show a natural jealousy , though he shake hand with he . they all chat amicably , milly keep by loring 's side and Dr. manly constantly look in they direction . leader . mr. peter fogg , millionaire , have a stroke . scene 2 . scene 3 . scene 4 . scene 5 . scene 6 . scene 7 . leader . scene 8 . scene 9 . scene 10 . exterior of peter fogg' mansion --step , etc . Peter fogg , old and feeble , enter from mansion , assist by valet and nurse . he testily wave they away , and descend step slowly , with the aid of a walk stick and the balustrade . the nurse and valet follow behind he on either side . drive or sidewalk with limousine car . Peter fogg slowly approach car . chauffeur be hold door open . fogg be about to enter car , when he stagger and fall into the arm of he valet . chauffeur quickly close the door of the car , go to valet 's assistance . they take fogg toward step . entrance of mansion as in 2 . valet and chauffeur take fogg up step into the house . nurse open door for they . fogg' bedroom . valet and chauffeur bring fogg in , follow by nurse . they place he on the bed . valet give chauffeur quick instruction . chauffeur exit hurriedly . exterior of mansion as in 2 . chauffeur come out quickly , get in limousine and drive away . exterior of william fogg' home . limousine enter . chauffeur get down quickly , go up . stop , ring bell and be admit . william fogg learn of he uncle's stroke . drawing room as in 1 . they be all seat as in scene 1 . maid enter and tell they that fogg 's chauffeur wish to see Mr. wm. fogg . she be tell to admit he . he enter , hat in hand , and hastily tell they what have happen , indicate Dr. manly be to go at once . Mr. fogg and Dr. manly leave together . all have be interested , listen . loring look away with a smile and a cun meaning on he face . exterior of wm . fogg be home as in 7 . chauffeur come out follow by fogg and manly . two latter enter car . chauffeur mount , drive away . fogg' bedroom as in 5 . fogg in bed . nurse and valet be in attendance . knock . valet go quickly to door , admit manly and wm. fogg. former question nurse and go to bedside . wm. fogg look leader . scene 11 . leader . scene 12 . scene 13 . scene 14 . CUT -in . cut-in leader . very concerned . Dr. manly sound fogg 's heart and feel he pulse . fogg slowly open he eye . William smile and say some cheery word . Old fogg be very irritable . manly write prescription , give it to nurse with instruction . say a few cheerful remark to the old man and leave with William , who say , " good -bye , " in return . loring win the heir to peter fogg' million drawing room as in 1 . loring and milly be seat together . loring make love to she . she be shy . he propose , and she bashfully accept he . she girlishly throw she arm around he neck and kiss he . Mrs. William fogg enter . she tell she mother , who kiss milly and shake hand with loring . they exit together . jim marvin meet with a accident . STREET scene . Jim be see walk slowly along , look about . he have a tired and forlorn expression . he suddenly start and stare at something come in the road . a auto appear with Grace inside . Jim dart into the roadway to attract she attention , but another auto come from the opposite direction knock Jim down . Auto stop and Dr. manly and William fogg get out quickly . with the aid of policeman and chauffeur , put Jim in the car and drive off , policeman accompany they . exterior of hospital . Dr. manly and William fogg arrive with Jim . they take he into hospital , escort by other . ward of hospital . Jim , on wheel stretcher , be bring into ward and place on a bed around which a orderly put screen . Jim 's head be bandage . Dr. manly , William fogg , interne and nurse be in attendance . Dr. manly question Jim , who weakly answer he . " I see my wife , who have desert I , and I run to speak to she . " manly put thermometer in Jim 's mouth and feel he pulse . he talk to William fogg . he take thermometer from Jim 's mouth , nod he head approvingly . william fogg offer jim a position as gardener . leader . scene 15 . leader . scene 16 . scene 17 . scene 18 . scene 19 . CUT -in . they talk of Jim , and William fogg suggest that Jim , on come out of hospital , become he gardener . Dr. manly agree and ask Jim if he would care to accept the position . Jim , with a feeble smile , accept . they all show pleasure , and exit , leave nurse in attendance , to whom Dr. manly give some instruction . dr . manly learn that he be too late . drawing room as in 1 . milly and Dr. manly enter . he take she hand and tell she that he love she . she start away in surprise and tell he that she be already engage to melville loring . he show astonishment , then dejection . she say that she be sorry to have to hurt he feeling . he say " good - bye " to she , shake hand and leave . she look very sorry to have cause he pain . jim leave the hospital . hospital ward same as 14 . Jim be see dress . he be almost strong again . manly enter with wm. fogg. Doctor ask Jim if he be feel well . Jim say , " yes . " fogg renew he offer to Jim , who accept . they leave together . Jim shake hand with the nurse . exterior of wm . fogg' house as before . Jim , Dr. manly and wm. fogg enter , exit into the house . wm . fogg' house --rear--garden . milly and she mother be see walk in the garden . milly be laugh and happy . fogg , manly and Jim come out of the house and approach they . Jim be introduce as the new gardener . he take off he cap . Mrs. fogg ask he if he be feel strong now , and Jim answer , " yes . " she show he the garden with she husband . milly and manly exit slowly into the house . peter fogg' bedroom , as before . fogg be seat in a armchair . nurse and Dr. manly be present . Old man be grouchy and manly endeavor to cheer he . " you must go away to the seaside for a few week . " manly give cut - in to which fogg heartily agree . valet enter , and fogg tell he to pack as soon as possible . manly tell he that leader . scene 20 . leader . scene 21 . scene 22 . leader . scene 23 . scene 24 . leader . scene 25 . fogg must get away as soon as possible to the seaside . valet nod and exit . manly shake hand with fogg and leave . jim remembers loring . exterior . of wm . fogg' house ---garden as before . Jim be attend to plant and flower on the veranda . loring and milly come out , say good - bye , and loring go down the step . just as he be go , he look up , raise he hat and exit . milly go into the house . Jim , who have be watch loring , start violently and stare after loring , with a very intense expression . he slowly raise he fist and shake it after loring . turn to door through which milly have go , then once more toward loring , nod and say to himself , " I understand you game . " exit slowly around side of house . mr . peter fogg leave for the seaside . exterior of fogg' mansion , as before . fogg come out , assist by valet and nurse . he be carefully wrap up and appear weak . footman follow they with bag and grip . sidewalk or drive as before . chauffeur be hold door of limousine open . Peter fogg be carefully help in . Peter fogg be follow by nurse and valet . the footman put grip by chauffeur , who drive away . peter fogg arrive at the seaside . exterior of fashionable HOTEL . Grace be see laugh on the veranda with a gentleman on either side of she . they be laugh and chat . Old fogg , valet and nurse drive up ( either in carriage , taxi or hotel omnibus ) . valet get out , follow by fogg and nurse . porter take luggage . they all exit into the hotel . Grace and she friend laugh after they have enter . corner of veranda , showing side of wm . fogg be home . milly be see sit around the side of the house . she be intently read . jim learn who loring be . same veranda , showing front of house . Jim be see water and pruning fern and flower on veranda . he slowly come towards corner where milly be sit . loring enter up CUT - in . scene 26 . scene 27 . CUT -in . scene 28 . scene 29 . CUT -in . scene 30 . step with manly . loring enter house , but manly , see Jim , come toward he . Jim quickly indicate the door through which loring have go , ask manly , '' who be that man ? " manly tell he that Mr. loring be miss milly 's fiancé . " I feel certain he be the man who steal my wife . " Jim give cut - in . manly be thunderstruck at accusation and question Jim , who tell he why he suspect loring . cut to around veranda as in 24 . milly be sit up , horrify expression . cut to front of veranda as in 25 . Jim and manly be see talk earnestly . Jim say : " if ever I can prove it , I will shoot he down like a dog . " Jim fiercely give cut - in , shaking he fist toward the door . they both exit in that direction , talk earnestly . side of veranda as in 26 . milly sit with a look of consternation on she face , suddenly burst out cry , drop she face in she hand . fashionable HOTEL office . Grace be see stand by desk when Peter fogg be wheeled by , accompany by he nurse . Grace smilingly ask the clerk who he be . '' that be Mr. Peter fogg , the millionaire . " clerk give cut - in . Grace immediately interested . she slowly exit in the direction take by fogg , think deeply . entrance of HOTEL as in 23 . fogg be wheeled out on veranda . Grace come out and walk by he chair , sit in fold chair close to he . fogg have magazine in he hand which he drop . Grace pick it up and hand it back to he . he smile and thanks she . she smile at he . the old man seem quite impressed with she , start a conversation . Grace turn she head away , a cun smile on she face . end of reel one . " fogg' million . " part two . synopsis . Grace be now on very good term with old Peter fogg . he propose to she . she consent and marries he . loring , on learn that he old friend and sweetheart have marry the fogg million , break off he engagement with milly and go to the seaside to Grace . Old fogg catch loring and Grace in a love scene and during a violent quarrel have another stroke , from which he die . later , Grace return to town and the announcement of she marriage to loring be make . Jim , in a fit of rage , go to the house with the intention of shoot loring , and recognize he wife . he determine to allow the wedding to take place , and later have she arrest for bigamy . milly marries Dr. Jack manly , and they child become the heir to fogg 's million . scene of action . scene 31 . veranda of HOTEL as in 30 . Grace and Peter fogg be on very good term . she be laugh and chat and he be enjoy she society . nurse come to say it be time for he to go in and start to wheel he chair . fogg get very annoyed and irritable , tell she sharply to leave he alone , as he prefer to stay where he be . smile at Grace , who laugh and nod back . they continue chat . nurse leave they with annoyed expression . scene 32 . william fogg' garden as in 18 . Jim be see work . milly , with she father and mother , enter . milly be look sad , be on verge of tear . her father put he arm [ on she ] lovingly , ask : " what be the matter ? " she turn suddenly to she mother and drop she head on she breast , burst out cry . Mrs. fogg lead she slowly away . Mr. fogg look puzzle . Jim rise from he work , and touch he cap , ask Mr. fogg if he may speak to he . fogg say " yes . " Jim , with a look of hatred on he face , explain he idea of the situation . CUT -in . " the man she be engage to be a scoundrel . he rob I of my wife . " Jim , with intense feel , give cut - in . fogg show surprise and ask he what he mean . Jim explain . fogg , very thoughtful , look extremely worried , slowly exit . Jim look sorrowfully after he , shake he head and resume he work . leader . grace capture mr. peter fogg . scene 32 . leader . scene 34 . insert . leader . scene 35 . insert . scene 36 . veranda as in 31 . Peter fogg be help out of the hotel by he valet and nurse . Grace be with he . Old fogg be place in a chair . the valet and nurse exit . Grace tuck rug around he , seat herself at he side . he look admiringly at she , and as she hand be on the arm of he chair , he place he upon it , talk earnestly to she . she smile and chat pleasantly to he . he take she hand in he , and lean toward she , ask she to marry he . she bashfully refuse , but he be persistent . she shyly ask he if he really mean it . he say , " yes , " and once more press she to say yes . she consent . he show great joy , then tell she to keep it quiet , to which she consent . he kiss she hand . a SHOCK for the fogg family . william fogg' dine room . milly , with she father and mother , be at breakfast . Mr. fogg be read morning paper . he see something in paper which cause he to jump up out of he seat , he face show great excitement . his wife and daughter , in surprise , ask he what be the matter . he quickly give paper to he wife and point out paragraph . milly go behind she mother 's chair , read over she shoulder . news item . seaport society receive a great surprise yesterday on learn that Mr. Peter fogg , the well - know millionaire , have marry miss rita deane , a actress . back to scene . they be all exceedingly upset and annoyed at the news . fogg throw the paper down on the table in temper and disgust . loring learn that the girl he bring from the country be now heir to fogg' million . club smoking room . loring be smoking and read . waiter bring he a drink , which loring tell he to charge to he account . waiter exit . loring drink . he continue read . sudden start . he look closely at the paper as he read . he rise quickly , show intense excitement . look at paper again . news item same as in 34 . loring slowly raise he eye from paper , a intent look in they . dissolve into wood scene . scene 37 . scene 38 . scene 39 . insert . CUT -in . leader . scene 40 . loring and Grace be see sit on a fall tree . she have she arm around he . he be press she to he and kissing she . dissolve back to club room as in 35 . loring think deeply . he sit , slowly nod head , a cun smile on he face . boardwalk . Peter fogg enter , lean on Grace 's arm . she place he in chair and tuck rug around he . he take she leave hand and look lovingly at the wedding ring , kiss it and smile at Grace . the old man look very happy . Grace turn away , know smile on she face . veranda of wm . fogg' home as in 25 . Mr. and Mrs. fogg , milly and Dr. manly be sit on the veranda chat . fogg have a paper and be excitedly discuss he uncle 's marriage , bang paper with he fist . the other be listen intently , though milly have a rather sad look . mail carrier come up step , give milly letter and exit . milly look eagerly at the write . a look of forebode come over she face . she ask they to excuse she , quickly open the letter and read . with a cry of pain she bury she face in she hand . they all look surprised at the distress and she mother ask what be the matter . milly hand she the letter , which she read . dear milly : during the last few day you manner toward I have change , and I feel that something have come between we . under this circumstance , it be better that we engagement should cease . your , melville loring . Mrs . fogg be enraged , and , take milly in she arm , exit slowly into the house . fogg , who have take and read the letter , pass it to Dr. manly . the latter can scarcely conceal he joy . " I think we be lucky to be rid of he . " Mr. fogg give cut - in to Dr. manly , who heartily agree , and they slowly exit into house . loring leave town -- railroad terminus . loring , with grip , be see board train . leader . scene 41 . scene 42 . leader . scene 43. cut-in leader . scene 44 . scene 45 . --and arrive at seaport . same as 30 . loring enter , go up step and exit into hotel . wm . fogg' garden as in 18 . milly and Dr. manly be see walk in the garden . milly look depressed and manly be try to cheer she . Jim be tend some flower . they approach he . he cut a bloom and , take off he cap , offer it to milly , who smile and thanks he as she accept it . Jim cut another , which he offer to Dr. manly as a boutonniere . the latter thanks he , and hand the flower to milly , ask she to put it in he coat . she do as he ask , and they exit smile . Jim look after they , nodd approval . when old friend meet . HOTEL veranda as in 30 --evening . loring be see seat , smoking . Grace come out of hotel look very bored . she go to sit when she see loring . he rise quickly and go to she . she be delighted to see he again and they shake hand heartily . they sit down beside each other , talk earnestly . grace tell loring her first husband be dead , and that she have married peter fogg , the millionaire . Grace explain cut - in to loring and show he she wedding ring . he pretend not to have hear of she marriage and congratulate she . she look toward hotel entrance with sneering expression , tell loring how terribly bored she be with fogg already . he take she hand and try to cheer she up . they be soon laugh and chat on the best of term , Grace show plainly how happy she be to see he again . cut to HOTEL sitting room with bedroom beyond . Peter fogg be asleep in a chair . nurse in the bedroom . fogg wake up , and the valet , who be also present , attend he . he be very irritable and look around as if expect to see Grace . be disappointed at not find she . valet help he to rise and take he into the bedroom . sitting room , wm . fogg' house . Dr. manly be see make love to milly . he be ardently press he suit and finally win leader . scene 46 . scene scene scene scene scene 47 . 48 . 49 , 50 . 51 . leader . scene 52 . milly 's consent . take she in he arm and kiss she . peter fogg be jealous . HOTEL veranda as in 30 --evening . loring be see loung against porch , smoking . Grace come out , lead old fogg , who be walk with aid of a stick . loring and Grace exchange significant look which fogg observe , unknown to they . he be suspicious . loring exit into hotel , and after Grace have make fogg comfortable in chair , she make excuse , follow loring . fogg , with a expression of jealousy , look after she . HOTEL ground . loring be see wait . Grace join he . they exit from the scene . HOTEL veranda as in 30 . Peter fogg , with a look of jealous anger , rise with difficulty , and slowly hobble into hotel . arbor in HOTEL ground . loring and Grace arm in arm , enter and sit in arbor . he take she hand and kiss they . make love to she . cut to ground as in 47 . Peter fogg , with the aid of he stick , hobble into scene . he be look very angry . he slowly exit in direction take by loring and Grace . arbor as in 49 . loring and Grace earnestly talk . he put he arm around she and draw she to he . she throw she arm around he neck . he press she to he and they kiss . fogg enter and confront they . he be furious and violently denounce Grace . loring and Grace rise quickly . fogg approach loring with threaten attitude . raise he stick , be about to strike he when he stagger , drop he stick , clutches at he throat and fall . loring and Grace quickly attend to he , but see at once that it be no use -- the old man be dead . news of fogg' death . wm . fogg' sitting room as before . Mr. and Mrs. fogg , Dr. manly and milly be present chat . maid enter with telegram which she give to fogg and exit . he open . read : insert . leader . scene 53. insert scene scene scene scene Mr. William fogg , 250 S. Street , New York , n. y. sorry to inform you that Mr. Peter fogg die suddenly last night . rita fogg . Mr. fogg tell they content of telegram . they show surprise and Mr. and Mrs . fogg shake they head , as much as to say , " he bring it on himself . " Dr. manly take milly 's arm and they slowly saunter off . six month later . veranda of fogg' home as before . Jim be see tend flower . Mr. and Mrs . fogg be seat . fogg be seat . fogg be read newspaper . Mrs. fogg crochet . he start and show she paragraph . ( News item ) : 54 , 55 . 56 . 57 . the marriage of melville loring and Mrs. rita fogg , widow of the late Peter fogg , will take place on the 2lst inst . from the city home of the bride . she show disgust and hand he back paper , which he throw down in disgust . they exit into house . Jim pick up paper and read . face express hatred and he register oath as he crunch paper . exit . same as 2 . exterior -- peter fogg be mansion ( night ) . limousine drive up and loring get out . hand Grace out . she be heavily veile and dress in widow 's weed . Jim come upon scene , but neighbor see he . they exit into house . Jim 's face express anger . splendidly furnished drawing room . Grace and loring enter . she quickly throw off she veil and look around room in admiration . go to loring and say , '' all this be ours . " he kiss she . cut to garden , peter fogg' home ( night ) . Jim be see slowly approach window , look around cautiously . take gun out of pocket and look carefully at it . go close to window . drawing room as in 55 . Grace have she coat and hat off and be laugh and chat with loring . they be near the scene 58 . CUT -in . leader . leader . scene 59 . CUT -in leader : leader : scene 60 . window . cut to . garden of fogg' mansion as in 66 . Jim look through window . as he raise he gun , exclaim : " great heaven ! my wife ! " Jim start back in horror , he eye wide open , he face express excitement and surprise . he give cut - in . look through window again . raise gun and take aim . slowly lower it again as a idea come to he of a better plan of revenge . jim have different plan for revenge . Jim think deeply . he nod " yes . " a amused and artful smile over he face as he shake he fist at the window , slowly exit . the wedding day ( denouncement of this scene should be either at the church door after the ceremony or as the couple approach the altar for the ceremony . ) Jim come on scene in crucial moment , denounce Grace . grace be arrested as a bigamist . denounce she as a bigamist . she be arrest by police officer . loring leave hurriedly , a look of fright come over he face as he see Jim . the real heir to fogg' million . sitting room wm . fogg be home as before . Mr. and Mrs. fogg , milly and Dr. manly and Jim be all present . milly have a baby on she lap and they be all admire it . Jim be allow to approach and look at the heir of fogg 's million . the end .