'' for colored girl " by Tyler perry base on the stage play " for color Girls who have consider suicide when the rainbow be enuf " by ntozake shange goldenrod revision - 8/03/10 yellow revision - 7/02/10 Green revision - 6/30/10 pink revision - 5/27/10 Blue shoot draft - 5/25/10 34th Street film , LLC 2769 Continental colony pkwy . Atlanta , ga 30331 404/355-6870 this material be property of Tyler perry studios and intend for use by its personnel . no portion of this material may be perform , reproduce or use by any mean , or quote or publish in any medium without prior write consent of Tyler perry studios . distribution to unauthorize person be prohibit . do not duplicate goldenrod revised 1. open : int . community CENTER - yasmine 's dance studio - day 1 the community center be a old run down building with two floor and several different room . built in the 5us , it look like it have not be keep up or paint in year . Water spot and old creaky floor line the hallway . the center be house in a state fund facility with several other volunteer operation . juanita 's free clinic and yasmine 's rhythm , a dance studio , be two of they . we enter the dance studio where yasmine be dance alone . we see soft shot of she hand and foot dance about the room . the fabric from she yellow leotard move gracefully in the wind as she dance to the sound of a solo piano . the slow speed of the film catch she face in the light from the huge old dirty window . the entire scene be in a sepia tone with the yellow very noticeable . yasmine ( v.o. ) Dark phrase of womanhood , of never have be a girl . half - note scattered without rhythm . int . juanita 's apartment — day 2 juanita a nurse dress in green and relentless volunteer stand in the kitchen of she modest apartment water a plant . she go back to she table where she have several hundred flyer print . the flyer read , '' free Clinic seminar on Thursday '' . juanita ( v.o. ) no tune distraught . laughter fallin’ over a black girl 's shoulder . it 's funny . it 's hysterical . the melodylessness of she dance . do not tell nobody , do not tell a soul . she 's dance on beer can and shingles . CUT to : int . joanna 's apartment - day 3 joanna a high power business woman stand in she posh penthouse apartment high above Manhattan , she be get ready for work . dress in red , she stand in she closet . her husband carl , in silhouette be in the shower . we see he in the distance . ( continued ) goldenrod revised 2 . continued : 3 joanna pick he pants up off the floor , a card fall out . she pick the card up and look at it , then put it back in he pocket . joanna ( v.o. ) this must be the spook house . another song with no singer , lyric no voice and uninterrupted solos , unseen performance . be we ghoul ? Children of horror ? CUT to : int . alice 's apartment - day 4 alice a religious fanatic walk to a closet in she small run down apartment . she sit in she closet and start praying . she 's dress in all white , lighting candle on a makeshift altar . alice ( v.o. ) the joke ? do not tell nobody , do not tell a soul . be we animal ? have we go crazy ? int . kelly apartment -— day 5 kelly , a overworked social worker , be look at a pregnancy test stick in the bathroom of she modest apartment . it 's negative . she be dress in blue . donald she husband enter . she quickly put it in the trash can and try to hide she frustration . he kiss she . kelly ( v.o. ) I can not hear anything but madden scream and the soft strain of death . and you promise I . you promise somebody . anybody . sing a black girl 's song . CUT to : int . high school - auditorium - day 6 a graduation be in full swing . we see nyla dress in purple , as she receive she diploma . her mother alice beam with pride from the front row . Alice be dress in all white with a cross on and a huge bible . her older sister tangie dress in orange look uninterested as she look at a one of the male teacher make eye at she . ( continued ) goldenrod revised 3 . continued : 6 nyla ( v.o. ) ( cont'd bring she out to know herself . to know you , but sing she rhythm caring , struggle . tangie ( v.o. ) hard time sing . her song of life . she 's be dead so long , close in silence so long . int . crystal 's apartment — day 7 crystal lay in the bed in a very run down apartment beau willie be have sex with she . her brown dress be push up above she thigh . a tear roll down she face . crystal ( v.o. ) she do not know the sound of she own voice , she infinite beauty . she 's half - note scattered without rhythm , no tune . sing she sigh ... sing the song of she possibility . sing a righteous gospel . let she be bear . let she be bear and handle warmly . crystal / kelly / nyla / tangie / joanna / alice / juanita ( v.o . ) and this be for color girl who have consider suicide but move to the end of they own rainbow . CUT to : int . tangie 's apartment —- kitchen - day 8 tangie sit at the kitchen table of she small urban apartment . she be write in she journal . she take some orange butterfly out of she hair and put they in a box . a half - dress man come out of the bedroom . we realize that it 's the same man that she be make eye with at the graduation . man # 1 you get anything to eat ? tangie you 'o 1l have to go now . I have get lot of work to do and I can not with aman around . she walk over and give he he pants . ( continued ) goldenrod revised 4 . continued : 8 tangie ( cont 'd ) here be you pants . there 's coffee on the stove . it 's be very nice but I can not see you again . man # 1 what do you say to I ? tangie you get what you come for . do not you ? he mumble as he put on he pants . tangie ( cont 'd ) I could not possibly wake up with a strange man in my bed . man # 1 be that why you be out here all night . tangie why do not you go home . I be sure you wife be look for you . he glare at she for a second . man # 1 yeah , okay . he walk out and slam the door . tangie yes , get you little dick , no fuck ass , out of here . ext . crystal 's apartment build - day 9 man # 1 walk out the apartment building . juanita open the back door of she car . she be try to remove a plant from she backseat . Kelly stand at the door on the intercom . kelly hello . crystal ( v.o. ) yes. kelly hi , I be Kelly watkin from child Welfare . ( continued ) 10 goldenrod revised 5 . continued : 9 crystal ( v.o. ) what can I do for you ? kelly I be look for Crystal wallace . crystal ( v.o. ) what do you want with she ? kelly I do not have time to play this game Ms. wallace . open the door or I be come back with the police . crystal ( v.o. ) 512 . Kelly be buzze into the apartment building . juanita hold it please . Kelly hold the door . juanita ( cont 'd ) thank you . CUT to : int . crystal 's apartment build - hallway - day 10 Kelly enter . she look for the elevator . kelly great . Kelly walk to the stairway and look up . Crystal look down from the fifth floor . kelly ( cont 'd ) no elevator ? crystal it 's a walk up . Kelly start the walk up the stair . she pass juanita hold the plant and stand at a doorway . juanita I know you be in there Frank . open the door . she look down at the bottom of the door seal . ( continued ) 10 11 goldenrod revised 6 . continued : 10 juanita ( cont 'd ) you get a woman in there ? Franklin . you know what ... Fine Frank . Fine , I have have enough of this , I be sick of you shit and without any assistance or guidance from you I have love you assiduously for eight month , two week and a day . I have be stand up four time . I have leave seven package on you doorstep , forty poem , two plant and three handmade note card . and I leave town so I could send they . you have be no help to I on my job . you call at 3:00 in the morning on weekday . charm , charming . but you be of no assistance . I want you to know this be a experiment to see how selfish I could be . if I could really carry on , to snare a possible lover . if I be capable of deface myself for the love of another . if I could stand not be want when I want to be want . and , I can not so , with no further assistance and no guidance from you . I be end this affair . she reach into she purse and take a note card . she stick it into the plant . juanita ( cont 'd ) there 's a note that be attach to a plant I have be water since the day I meet you . you may water it you damn self . int . crystal 's apartment build - hallway - day 11 gilda come out of she apartment . gilda good morning . crystal good morning . gilda be somebody come up ? crystal you know somebody come up ms . gilda . ( continued ) 11 goldenrod revised 7 . continued : 11 gilda who be it ? Crystal give she a look . she hear a noise come from she apartment . gilda ( cont 'd ) be that Beau Willie ? Crystal give she a look . gilda ( cont 'd ) can you get my mail when you go downstairs ? crystal sure I will get it . apartment 515 door open tangie sweep dust into the hallway . gilda you be gonna clean that up . tangie it 's dust . it will blow away . gilda everything do not blow like you . you get a lot of man come through you house . tangie why you jealous cause you do not have no man coming at all . mind you business . tangie turn to go into she apartment . tangie ( cont 'd ) you old ass better leave I alone . you have be the bain of my existence since they vote you apartment manager . tangie go into the house and slam the door . gilda I can not stand that girl . just a tramp . crystal I ’‘1l talk to you later Ms. gilda . Kelly make she way to the fifth floor . ( continued ) 11 12 goldenrod revised 8 . continued : ( 2 ) 11 gilda oh , okay . gilda go into she apartment . she slowly close the door . kelly I gotta start exercise . crystal you just do . Kelly be breathe hard . crystal ( cont ’d ) can I get you some water ? kelly please . Crystal go into she apartment . Kelly follow . CUT to : int . crystal 's apartment — day 12 crystal I tell the doctor that she be fine . it 's just a little bruise . Kelly look around the small but neat apartment . Crystal give she a glass of water . kelly thank you . I understand that but , any time a child be repeatedly see in a emergency room , we have to do a home visit . where be you child ? Crystal go into the small bedroom . Kelly see cigarette smoke and foot hang from a bed in the bedroom . she can hear a very loud tv . Crystal come out with the kid and close the door . kelly ( cont 'd ) be that the child 's father ? crystal yes . Kelly look at the kid . ( continued ) 12 13 continued : goldenrod revised 9 . 12 kelly I ’‘1l need to speak to he . crystal he 's asleep . kelly you must be kenya . hello . the kid do not respond . kelly ( cont 'd ) my name be Kelly . I like you shirt . can you talk to I for a second ? do you remember when you go to see the doctor the other day ? how do you hurt yourself ? Beau Willie come out of the room . beau willie who be this ? kelly I be Kelly watkin from child Welfare . beau willie child welfare ? kelly yes . beau willie damn government . I call they month ago to get veteran benefit . I can not get a case worker . how the fuck the government gonna send you down here about some kid ? I be ask they bastard . I defend this damn country , so you can have that job , and they send you down here with this bullshit . get the fuck out of here . come here about some damn kid . sense she be not safe Kelly quickly gather she thing int . crystal 's apartment build - hallway - day 13 Crystal quickly close the door . Kelly look at the kid as the door be close . gilda open the door . ( continued ) 13 14 continued : goldenrod revised 10 . 13 gilda ( whisper ) it be not she that 's hurt they kid . it 's he . I baby sit ‘em , I know . I can hear everything through this wall . that 's why I call you . kelly you call . gilda yes . she can not protect they from he . ever since he come back from the war he 's be crazy . and he drink like a fish . do she a favor take they child . he come home crazy as hell and try to get veteran benefit to go to school & they keep right on puttin’ he in remedial class . he couldl not read wortha damn , so Beau cuss the teacher of holdin he back & get himself a gypsy cab to drive , but he cab keep breakin down and the cop be always messin wit he . Crystal go and get pregnant again and Beau most beat she to death when she tell he , she still gotta scar under she right tit where he cut she up . still Crystal go right on and have the baby , so now Beau Willie have two child , a and there waz no air . Beau Willie open the door . gilda quickly close she door . Kelly walk down the stair . she can almost feel Beau Willie stare at she . she look back at Beau Willie . she hurry out . int . crystal 's apartment build - hallway - day 14 Alice walk up the stair past Kelly . she knock on tangie 's door . tangie open it . tangie what ?! alice I need some money . tangie for what ? ( continued ) goldenrod revised 10a . 14 continued : 14 alice thing . tangie I give you money on the first . alice there be thing I need . tangie like what ? alice do you know how hard it be for I to come over here and ask you for anything ? ( continued ) 14 continued : goldenrod revised 11 . ( 2 ) 14 tangie then stop do it . alice I would not , if I do not have to . tangie what do you need money for ? alice you do this to taunt I . you be just as evil as my father be . just evil . tangie granddaddy put I in charge of he little will because he know you would give all of it to that cult . alice it 's not a cult . you would know that if you come and spend some time at the Temple of elohim . tangie I be not give you any money . alice you will burn in hell child . tangie why be it when I give you money I be bless of elohim and when I do not I be go to burn in hell ? alice I pray for you that you find God through the mist of the distance that Satan have put in you heart . he have lure you to he through deception , through the dark force . do not let they take you body . tangie start close the door . alice ( cont 'd ) repent ! repent ! tangie bla , bla , bla , bye Alice . ( continued ) 14 15 goldenrod revised 12 . continued : ( 3 ) 14 she close the door . Alice exit towards the stair . CUT to : ext . crystal 's apartment build - day 15 Alice come out of the apartment building and walk down the street hand out '' Jesus save '' track . alice praise elohim . people ignore she . yasmine and Bill pass she . alice ( cont 'd ) repent child . yasmine take a track . alice ( cont 'd ) God bless you . yasmine thank you . Alice look at she . then she look at Bill . alice be you ready to meet elohim . bill I be straight lady , thanks . she look at yasmine . alice be careful of the dark seeker . he 's darkness . just evil . she give she a dollar . alice ( cont 'd ) the golden city await you . Alice walk down the street . bill you just buy you way out of hell . yasmine I guess I do . ( continued ) 15 continued : goldenrod revised 13 . 15 bill anyway , go on you be talk about you girl . yasmine it 's so great . you should meet some of they they have so much hope . and they be get that from dance . bill look how you face light up when you talk about they . yasmine I know , they excite I . you know most of my kid graduate from high school and go on to college . bill that 's great . he look at she for a second . yasmine what ? bill everyday since I meet you two week ago we walk this route . I go to work , you go to you dance class and you never answer my question . yasmine Bill I tell you . bill do you know how much courage it take for I to step to you ona crowded subway . come on . yasmine I just get out of a bad relationship . bill I be not try to marry you . I just want to take you out to dinner . yasmine I be go to be late for my class . bill see . so that 's how you be . ( continued ) 15 16 goldenrod revised 14 . continued : ( 2 ) 15 yasmine what ? bill you be one of that woman that will only give . you will not let people give to you . yasmine ok , dinner tomorrow night . bill 8 o'clock tonight . yasmine ok . see ya tonight . the two go in different direction on the street . bill it 's go to be great . CUT to : int . community CENTER - yasmine 's dance studio - day 16 nyla be in a dance class with eight other girl . the girl be do they warm -up . nyla it be graduation night and I be the only virgin in the crowd . Bobby Mills , Martin , Jerome , sammy yate , Eddie Jones and Randy . all cousin . they pick I up ina black buick . smell of alcohol and lady in heat . we ramble from camden to mount Holly laugh at the afternoon 's speech . we tassel dangle from the rear view mirror . nyla stretch . nyla ( cont 'd ) climb different sort of project stair . we go to a party and I get drunk and could not figure out whose hand be on my thigh . but it do not matter because this cousin , Martin , Eddie , sammy , Jerome and Bobby be my sweetheart alternately since the seventh grade . ( continued ) 16 17 continued : goldenrod revised 15 . 16 nyla and the other girl stretch . and dance about . all the girl seem to be listen . nyla ( cont 'd ) the party get crazy so I and Bobby leave the party before the police come . we be in the backseat of he old buick . and girl Bobby start look at I . yeah , he start look at I real strange . like I be a woman or something and start talk real soft in the backseat . by the time the sun be come up I could not stop smile . yasmine walk in . girl # 1 you give it up in a buick ? yasmine you better be talk about a ride to school . nyla yes we be . yasmine have you do you warm up ? nyla yes . yasmine great . be you ready to begin . the girl say yes . yasmine ( cont 'd ) position , from one . and two , and three and again . nyla and spin . nyla run out of the room and onto the street . yasmine ( cont 'd ) keep do you warm up girl . ext . community CENTER - day 17 she follow she out to the street . yasmine be you ok ? ( continued ) 17 18 19 goldenrod revised 16 . continued : 17 nyla yeah , I be just nauseous . I do not know what it be . yasmine I think you be just nervous about college and be on you own . I have see this before . you 'il be fine . you be a smart girl . come on I 'o 1l get you a ginger ale . they walk and almost bump into Donald . donald Excuse I . int / ext . police car - day 18 he get into he police car with Renee . renee coffee . donald thanks . Donald drive off . CUT to : int . police car - day 19 Renee sit next to he drink coffee . donald who can understand woman ? renee you tell I . donald but you be a woman . renee no , I be a woman and I date woman . and I do not have any answer . donald what good be have a lesbian to ride around with all day if you can not give I some insight on the female mind from a same sex point of view . ( continued ) 19 20 goldenrod revised 17 . continued : 19 renee that 's not fair I help you get out of the dog , house when you forget you anniversary do not I ? Renee see a car in a alley . donald yes you do . renee thank you . hey stop , back up . they see a BMW park in a alleyway with the window steam up . donald that 's a really nice car for this neighborhood . renee yep. CUT to : ext . police car - alleyway - day 20 the two officer walk up to the car on opposite side and tap the glass . donald get out of the car . two man get out of the car buckle they pants . renee you be under arrest . carl for what ? renee indecent exposure . carl we be not do ... renee I see you sir . donald yeah and unfortunately I do too . ( continued ) goldenrod revised 18. 20 continued : 20 renee you have the right to remain silent . carl wait , wait ... look I can not go to jail . renee then , you should have get a room . donald any needle in you pocket ? Donald walk Carl to the back seat of the squad car . donald ( cont 'd ) Children take this route home from school all the time . CUT to : 21 int . bradmore publication - waiting area - same day 21 juanita sit in the lobby wait area of the very upscale building . it be very modern and very cold with lot of hard edge and upright uncomfortable furniture . katina a assistant come out of a office . juanita be she ready to see I ? katina I be sorry , it will be just a few more minute . she go to a table and pour a cup of coffee . joanna ( v.o. ) where be Crystal ? katina she call . she 's on she way . joanna ( v.o. ) do it take this long to get tea ? katina quickly pour the coffee out and quickly make tea as juanita look on . katina I have get it right here . I be sorry she will be right with you . ( continued ) 21 22 goldenrod revised 19 . continued : 21 juanita honey , I be the one that 's sorry for you . katina run into the office . CUT to : int . bradmore publication - joanna 's office - day 22 joanna sit in a large office behind a glass desk it seem as if all of Manhattan be the view from both side of the office window . she sit talk to four people . joanna I do not understand this . this be a magazine not a web-site . joanna clear she throat . katina hand she some tea . joanna ( cont 'd ) the reader want texture . look at this ad , it say nothing . you all need to go back to the draw board . bring I something with style , contour . ok , thank you . four people exit the meeting . joanna have a small cough . Crystal run in . joanna ( cont 'd ) finally , you be here . what happen this time ? one of the child have a fever , the baby - sitter be late or you over sleep . crystal I be sorry . joanna I do have limit even for a very good assistant . crystal yes mar ’am . joanna where be the buy katina ? crystal it 's here . I leave it on you desk I know you would need it this morning . ( continued ) goldenrod revised 20 . 22 continued : 22 joanna and the st ... crystal the stat report be attach . also you nine o'clock be here . joanna what nine o'clock ? she look at she watch . joanna ( cont 'd ) it 's ten . crystal last week you agree to meet with juanita sim . she run a nonprofit organization . shall I send she in . joanna Fine . katina go out to get she . joanna ( cont 'd ) oh , why do I take this beggar meeting . juanita come in as katina and Crystal leave out . juanita hi. juanita simm . joanna hi . what can I do for you ? juanita I be so glad that you take this meeting . i’1l be quick because I know you be really busy . I be read in you magazine about you upbringing and I just know ... joanna seem to not be pay attention to she . juanita ( cont 'd ) you would respond to this program . I be a nurse and I start a free health and wellness clinic ina community center in one of the poorest neighborhood in this city . as you know grow up poor like so many of we . ( more ) ( continued ) 22 continued : goldenrod revised 21 . ( 2 ) 22 juanita ( cont 'd ) we never have health care or even talk about it . so I just want to educate woman on they body and at the same time they mind and soul . you and I both be raise by single mother so I know how that be . joanna that 's great . where do I come in ? juanita hand joanna a flyer , place it on top of the document that she be distract with . the two woman look at each other oddly for a second . juanita well this be just a little nonprofit . and everything I have be do , I have be do on my own , out of my pocket , you know we get a small donation here and there . joanna let I stop you , I give to Cancer , I give to Education , I give to Africa . that be my charity of choice . juanita and that be all great cause but there be so much need right here in we own community . joanna we community , I think that we have all be afforded the same opportunity in this country and if this woman , this people do not do anything with they opportunity , it 's not my issue . I be afraid I be go to have to say no . thank you . juanita thank you ? joanna lean into the intercom . joanna Crystal see Ms. sim out please . Crystal come in . ( continued ) 22 23 continued : goldenrod revised 22 . ( 3 ) 22 juanita do she just ... crystal right this way please . juanita no . I sit in this damn lobby wait a hour for you . cool , you do not want to give we any money I get that . but this attitude and disregard for people 's time and feel be ridiculous . do it take all of this for you to be that ? Cause if it do , you might be pay too much . juanita walk out . CUT to : int . doctor office - day 23 Donald stand in the room Kelly pace a little . the doctor come in . donald Babe will you stop pace . kelly I be sorry . donald it 's ok . kelly what if he say we can not have child ? donald baby that would not be the end of the world . kelly I want to give you a child , Donald . dr . davis hello . donald hi . ( continued ) goldenrod revised 23 . 23 continued : 23 kelly hi. dr . davis ok , so we get the lab result and the test result . he put up a x-ray . dr . davis ( cont 'd ) this be why you have not be able to conceive . you fallopian tube be scar . we usually see this form when a pelvis infection that be not treat . donald what be not treat ? dr . davis oh , should we speak alone . kelly no , its fine . dr . davis a untreated std can cause this issue . Donald look at she . kelly what about surgery ? dr . davis I honestly would not recommend it . it 's risky , you could end up need to have a hysterotomy . Kelly walk out of the room . dr . davis ( cont 'd ) I be sorry . donald thank you . CUT to : 24 ext . doctor office - day 24 donald hey . ( continued ) 24 25 goldenrod revised 24 . continued : 24 kelly I be sorry I just need to go to work . donald it 's ok baby . kelly you know how hard it be look at all of this people who do not want child , I gotta go to work . donald ok I 'il see you at home later . he kiss she . donald ( cont 'd ) I love you . kelly I love you too . int . patrick ivey HOTEL - bar - evening 25 the hotel be very trendy and new , liken to the W hotel franchise . the bar be a small area fill with people . tangie be the bartender pour drink . man # 2 let I have a double shot of vodka straight . she smile . man # 2 ( cont 'd ) what ? tangie you can tell a lot about a man by what he drink . man # 2 oh yeah ? tangie yeah , that man over there be drink a beer . he 's break , now the guy over there be drink champagne try to impress the lady but he do not know what a good bottle be so he buy the most expensive . ( more ) ( continued ) 25 continued : he laugh . goldenrod revised 25 . 25 tangie ( cont 'd ) the two guy over there be drink from glass with umbrella . they be so flame if they walk past a sprinkler it will go off . man # 2 oh yeah . what do my drink say about I ? tangie it say you be marry , here on business and want to get a buzz quickly so you can have a good time and forget about the wife at home . man # 2 wow ? tangie be I right ? man # 2 Dead on . so what be my chance . tangie for what ? man # 2 have a good time in you beautiful city . tangie look very good daddy . man # 2 and just where can I go to have a good time ? tangie tell you what , I be off in a few hour I could show you around if you be up for it . man # 2 I would like that very much . waitress tangie there be a black woman in the lobby who say she 's you mother . she will not come in because this be a bar and of the devil . ( continued ) 25 26 goldenrod revised 26 . continued : ( 2 ) 25 tangie cover I . she go out to the lobby of the nice hotel . CUT to : int patrick ivy HOTEL - lobby - evening 26 tangie what be you do at my damn job ? alice I need some money . tangie I tell you I be not give you any money now get out of here . alice I need three hundred and eighty five dollar . tangie for what ? alice I just need it . tangie get out of here Alice . alice I have to have the patience of job to deal with you , my daughter . you be go to end up in the belly of the whale if you do not get you life right . tangie Security ! a security guard walk over . tangie ( cont 'd ) this customer have have too much to drink can you escort she out . security guard ma ’am would you come with we please . ( continued ) 26 27 goldenrod revised 27 . continued : 26 alice you touch I I will bless you out with this oil , child boy . CUT to : int . crystal 's apartment - night 27 Crystal read a bedtime story to the kid . Beau Willie come in . beau willie hey . crystal hey . I keep the dinner warm for you . beau willie yeah ok . crystal how do it go ? beau willie what be you talk about . crystal I think you be go to try to look for a job today . beau willie ai not nobody try to hire a veteran . get I a drink . she get he some water . he knock it out of she hand . beau willie ( cont 'd ) what the shit be that ? crystal Water . beau willie I want a drink . crystal Beau maybe you should not drink tonight . beau willie you try to say I get a problem . ( continued ) 27 continued : goldenrod revised 28 . 27 crystal no , I be say you should not drink tonight . beau willie so you tell I what I should do now . crystal I be tell you what I think . I be not accuse you of anything . be you hungry ? beau willie I be not a alcoholic . crystal I know that . beau willie I be try Crystal . crystal I know that too , Beau . it 's just that you get so mad sometimes . I know the army do you wrong . I see it . I be on you side . I know why you get mad but baby when you drink you get out of control . so do not drink tonight do it for I . ok . beau willie ok . you know I love you ? crystal I know . beau willie you love I . crystal of course I do . beau willie then why wont you marry I . crystal we get more thing to worry about then get marry . beau willie if you love I you would . ( continued ) 27 28 29 goldenrod revised continued : ( 2 ) crystal I love you . now come on and get some dinner in you . he get up and go to the kitchen . 29 . 27 CUT to : int . community CENTER - juanita 's free clinic - day 28 juanita be talk to several woman . juanita lady , this condom be free . how many time have you hear you man say , '' it do not feel the same '' or '' I be not get nothing '' when he ass be not even be to a doctor . make he use they . if you know how many young beautiful face I see every day like yours at the hospital cause they do not want to hurt the man feeling . shhhittt , hurt he feeling or let he go home hurt . Frank tap on glass in the door . juanita look at he . juanita ( cont 'd ) Excuse I , I 'il be right back . juanita go out the hallway . int . community CENTER - hallway - day frank hey , baby . juanita I do not want to talk to you . I have not see or hear from you in four day . frank baby , you know I drive that truck . juanita do not give I that bullshit . I know you . be you with she ? frank baby , I miss you . 29 ( continued ) 29 30 31 goldenrod revised 30 . continued : 29 juanita you miss I when she get tired of you . I be to old for this Frank . frank I love you . juanita no , you do not . frank yes I do . juanita if you really love I , then leave I alone . frank do not hurt I like this . juanita hurt you . get out of here Frank . I get this lady to talk to . juanita go back into the classroom as Frank look at she . int . community CENTER - juanita 's free clinic - day 30 juanita when you use a condom it be important that you use a water base lubricant .... int . restaurant - evening 31 joanna sit at the table dial on the phone . there be no answer . joanna look I know we have a fight the other night but this silent treatment be not good for I . you be suppose to meet I at dinner . call I . I be start to worry . we find Bill and yasmine in the restaurant . yasmine my papa think he be Puerto rican & we would have be except we be just regular negros wit hint of Spanish . ( more ) ( continued ) 31 32 continued : goldenrod revised 31 . 31 yasmine ( cont 'd ) so off I make it to this 36 hour marathon dance con salsa con ricardo ' suggggggggggar 's Ray on southern boulevard . it be up up up up up stair and stair and lotsa hallway wit my color New Jersey self . do not know what anybody be say except if dancin waz proof of origin I be jibarita herself that nite . I keep smilin and right on steppin . if he could lead I waz ready to dance . if he could not lead I catch this attitude . I would see Rosa do and would not be bother I waz twirlin hippin givin much quick foot and bein a mute cute color Puerto rican . Bill laugh . as we pan over to joanna . waiter be you ready to order ? joanna you know Danny I think I be go to go home . can you have my driver pull around please . waiter sure . joanna thank you . int . alice 's apartment - evening 32 nyla be cooking dinner . Alice walk in and sit down . nyla hey mamma . alice angel . nyla I know you be tired . alice I be . nyla come on . ( continued ) goldenrod revised 32 . 32 continued : 32 nyla kneel down and take off Alice 's shoe . alice thank you . my sweet baby . you be nothing like you sister . here . she give she some money . nyla look at it . nyla this be only thirty - eight dollar . alice I know . I try to get more but you sister would not give it to I . nyla maybe you should not have tell she it be for I . alice I do not tell she what it be for , but you know I be not go to lie . you know she can not stand you . you have always be so much better then she . if she know that it be for you to better yourself she would never give it to I . you sister be so wick . she hold that wallet like its Jacob hold on to a angel . nyla why do grandpa put she in charge of the money when he die ? alice to nail I to the cross . that 's why he only give I a thousand dollar a month . he want to keep he foot on my neck even in death . do not you worry I '1l figure out something . can I talk to you dance teacher to see if I can pay it over time ? nyla no , do not . she will not do that . if I do not get that money Ms. yasmine say she can not get I the application for the my scholarship alice I know . I know , elohim will make a way . goldenrod revised 33 . 33 ext . yasmine 's apartment - night 33 Bill and yasmine be walk down the street . bill and that 's how it start . I can tell you love dance . yasmine I love dance more than I waz mad uh-huh , uh-huh , more than when I discover archie shepp & subtle blue do not cha know I wear out the magic of juju heroically resisting be possess . oooccooc000000h the sound sneakin in under age to slug 's to stare at 'a real ' artiste 's and every word outta imamu 's mouth waz gospel . and if Jesus could not play a horn like shepp waz not no need for color folk to bear no cross at all and dance be my thank - you for music and I love you more than dance more than aureliano buendia love macondo more than hector lavoe love himself . more than the lady love gardenias . more than celia love Cuba or graciela love el son more than the flamingoe love bein pretty . Te amo mas que the amo mas que , we be here . I have the best time . bill see I tell you . yasmine thank you . bill can I come in ? yasmine it 's get late . bill ok , good night . he lean in and kiss she . yasmine good night . ( continued ) goldenrod revised 34 . 33 continued : 33 bill maybe for we next date you can cook . help a brother save some money . yasmine you know what ? I have such a good time I will do that . bill ok , go on in I want to make sure you be safe . yasmine ok . such a gentleman . that 's a good thing . bye . bill bye . he turn and walk down the street . CUT to : 34 int . tangie 's apartment - night 34 tangie and man # 3 burst through the door drunk . man # 3 no wait . she be take off he clothes and hers too . tangie come on daddy . man # 3 look I gotta to tell you something . she be all over he . tangie what ? man # 3 I only have about eighty dollar on I . tangie what be you talk about ? ( continued ) 34 continued : goldenrod revised 35 . 34 man # 3 that 's all I have . if it 's more we can go to the ATM ? tangie you think I be a hooker ? man # 3 be not you ? tangie no man # 3 damn I be sorry , I be drunk . he start to laugh . tangie what 's funny ? man # 3 I guess I be just old fashion . what kind of woman pick a man up ina bar and take he back to she place , if she 's not a hooker ? tangie one that like to fuck . he start to laugh even harder . tangie ( cont 'd ) do not laugh at I . he laugh harder . tangie ( cont 'd ) do not laugh at I . man # 3 I be sorry but this be some sick shit . you pick I up bring I back here to screw I . and you do not think this be cool . wow , woman have change . I be from the south , sorry . I be just use to a woman be ... woman . what kind of woman do that ? tangie you man have such a double standard . you can do it but , a woman can not . get out . get out . ( continued ) 34 35 goldenrod revised 36 . continued : ( 2 ) 34 man # 3 that 's a good idea . maybe this be for the best , because it seem to I that you do this too often to be healthy . tangie you think I have some kind of disease ? man # 3 if it be not in you body , it 's definitely in you head . tangie mothafucka you get five second to be on the other side of that door . man # 3 exit to the door . CUT to : int . crystal 's apartment build - hallway - night 35 man # 3 go down the step laugh . gilda open she door and look at the man . tangie stand at she doorway . tangie you be not one to judge I you son of a bitch . she look at gilda . tangie ( cont 'd ) do not you say a word . gilda a Word . gilda close she door . tangie bitch .... tangie see nyla walk up the stair . tangie ( cont 'd ) what do you want ? nyla why will not you just give she some money . ( continued ) 35 36 goldenrod revised 37 . continued : 35 tangie I make sure she rent be pay and that she have grocery . what more do she want ? I be not give she money to give to they people . tangie and nyla enter the apartment . int . tangie 's apartment - night 36 nyla she need some money . tangie for what ? nyla she walk look , I have to pay my college application fee . tangie what ? nyla I get a scholarship to college but I have to pay the application fee . and she do not want to tell you that , because she know you would not do it if you know it be for I . tangie how much money ? nyla Three hundred dollar . tangie girl , you think I be boo boo the fool ? that do not sound right at all . nyla it 's true . tangie I be not give you any money . nyla mamma be right about you . you be evil . away as tangie look at she . ( continued ) goldenrod revised 38 . 36 continued : 36 tangie hey hold up . you be fuck . nyla what ? no I have not ? tangie yes , you have I can see it in you face . you be pregnant . nyla everybody be not like you tangie . tangie yeah , but you be little sister . tangie ( cont 'd ) mama 's so proud of you . wait till she find out you pregnant . nyla I be not pregnant . tangie I do not know how you gonna go to school like that . mama be gonna die , I can not wait . I can not wait . tangie start to laugh . tangie ( cont 'd ) he do not use a condom . baby you have to use a condom . I remember the first time I get pregnant . I be so scared . I go to this apartment on 138th . it be a red building in the middle of the block . down a back alley . apartment 331 . I could not afford to go to no clinic . I be not pregnant anymore . nyla walk out of the apartment . CUT to : 37 int . carl and joanna 's aparmtent - bedroom - night 37 joanna be get ready for bed when Carl walk in . carl hi. ( continued ) 37 38 goldenrod revised 39 . continued : 37 joanna I have be call you all day . carl yeah I know . my battery die . joanna and you could not call I from another phone and tell I that . do you know how worried I be . I be about to call the police . carl I be fine . int . carl and joanna 's aparmtent - bathroom - night 38 he go straight to the shower . she follow he . joanna be this about the fight we have the other night ? carl no , joanna . I tell you my battery be dead . joanna you be still angry with I . I can hear it in you voice . carl I be not angry . joanna good , because you do not have a right to be . carl well you could have tell I . joanna Excuse I , just as you should have tell I that you be move two hundred thousand dollar of my money into a stock that you do not even check with I about . carl it 's always you and you money . joanna I earn it . ( continued ) 38 39 goldenrod revised 40 . continued : 38 carl I be a broker . everyone at my firm know who you be . it 's embarrassing to I to not be able to make decision as the man of this house . so I do it . I say I be sorry and I be not talk about this shit anymore . joanna good , then do not talk , listen . we have only be marry for three year . I know I have trust issue , but you make choice without check with I be not help . carl you not only have trust issue , you have control issue . he get into the shower . joanna do not walk away from I . Fine . joanna exit . CUT to : int . donald and kelly apartment - night 39 Kelly sit in the apartment when Donald come in . kelly hey . donald hey , you be up late . they kiss . kelly I can not sleep . how be you day ? donald my day be where I leave it . kelly I understand that . be you hungry ? donald no. ( continued ) goldenrod revised 4l. 39 continued : 39 kelly do not you want to know what happen ? donald do you want to tell I ? kelly a boyfriend in college . have gonorrhea do not tell I . I find out eight month later from have the worst cramp in my life . and now I can not give you a child . donald you give I way more than I need , baby . Donald kiss she . donald ( cont 'd ) we will figure this out . you know I love you . kelly I do . donald then let 's keep building from that . ok ? kelly thank you . CUT to : 40 ext . juanita 's apartment - night 40 juanita drive up to she place , she get out of the car . Frank be sit on the stoop . frank hey . juanita just leave I alone Frank . frank can we just talk ? juanita walk past he and go into she apartment . Frank follow . CUT to : goldenrod revised 42 . int . juanita 's apartment - night 41 juanita go home . oh that 's right , you do not have a home to go to . frank what ? juanita somebody tell I you move out of you apartment . what do you do , move back in with she ? frank no. juanita I be sick of all you lie and shit . frank I be sorry baby . I do not know why I keep go back . but if you want to know the truth , this time , I feel different when I be there . I be think about you all the time . if I can not have you I do not know what I be gonna do . juanita what would I look like let you back in my life after all the advice I give to the woman at my clinic . frank baby . juanita no Frank , you listen , every time I let you move back in here you do the same thing . and every time I come home and you be not here . I check the closet to see of you thing be go . I gotta set a example for my woman . frank this be not get nothing to do with they . this be about I and you babe . you help they , now help I . juanita help you do what ? ( continued ) 41 42 goldenrod revised 43 . continued : 41 frank get to a place in myself where I do not need nobody but you . you say you want honesty baby I be give you the truth . he hug she . juanita why do not you just say that in the first damn place ? he kiss she on she neck . juanita ( cont 'd ) I be tired of try to love you Frank . you ought to just leave . frank let I stay , you go let I stay . juanita no , go . he kiss she . juanita ( cont 'd ) Frank , Frank . he kiss she neck . juanita ( cont 'd ) you get some condom ? int . bradmore publication - joanna 's office - day 42 Crystal be busy around the office . crystal hey , I call Dr. Jackson and she can see you this afternoon . joanna thanks . katina you husband be here . Carl come in with flower . Crystal leave . carl hi. ( continued ) 42 43 continued : goldenrod revised 44 , 42 joanna hey . what a surprise . carl I just come by to tell you that I be sorry for the way I have be act the last few day . you be so right , I should not have take that money without tell you . I really think I be help you ...us. I think it would earn a lot of interest and you would be proud of I . and I do not blame you for take my name off the account . it 's you money . I be sorry . baby , I really love you . and I be go to do better . joanna thank you . carl and I get ticket to the opera tonight . joanna you be go to take I to the opera ? carl yes . joanna oh , you must really be sorry if you be go to sit through it . what do you call it the last time we be there ? chinese water torture ? carl for you I will . he lean in to kiss she . she cough . they both joanna sorry . laugh . CUT to : int . community CENTER - yasmine 's dance studio - day 43 yasmine walk in and see flower . ( continued ) 43 44 a44 goldenrod revised 45 . continued : 43 tangie who 's that from ? yasmine just a guy I have dinner with he 's really nice . can I help you with something . tangie yeah , I be here to pay for the college application . yasmine what be you talk about ? tangie sorry , I be tangie , nyla 's my sister . she say that there be three hundred dollar that she need to pay for a application or something . yasmine I do not know what you be talk about . the class be free . tangie that little slut . thank you . tangie turn and walk out . CUT to : ext . apartment build - day 44 the apartment building be run down and dilapidate . drunk and addict fall out of apartment door . we hear lot of yell and noise as nyla knock on a door . a man open the door as a pit bull bark in the doorway . he hold he tightly with a chain , as nyla walk in . he look at she and close the door . Babies cry in the background . int . rose 's apartment build - day a44 nyla hi , I be nyla . rose you do not have a name girl . nyla look around the room . it do not look clean . she have great reservation . ( continued ) a44 goldenrod revised 46 . continued : a44 rose ( cont 'd ) come on . sit there on the table . come on girl . she stand there for a while as Rose go on to something else . she pour bleach on the table and into a bucket . rose ( cont 'd ) what be you still stand here for ? where 's my money ? she hand she fifty dollar . rose ( cont 'd ) get on the table . she prepare she instrument . a train pass , seem to be just outside the window . nyla look in the trash can and see several empty vodka bottle . there be beer bottle on the counter and a half fill whiskey bottle sit next to a empty glass with melting ice . rose ( cont 'd ) I have do this a million time relax . Young girl get out there in the world and they have to come see I . that world be something . I useta live in the world then I move to harlem and my universe be now six block . Rose be pull out all kind of instrument that be not sterilize at all . she put they in the bleach bucket . rose ( cont 'd ) a tunnel with a train I can ride anywhere , remain a stranger . nyla look at she confuse . then at the instrument . rose ( cont 'd ) I could stay alone . a woman in the world then , but I move to harlem . I come in at dusk , stay close to the curb . round midnight praying will not no young man think I be pretty . in a dark morning would not be good , not good at all to meet a tall short black brown young man fulla he power in the dark , in my universe of six block . straight up brick wall woman hang outta window like old silk stocking . cat cry , child giggle . ( more ) ( continued ) a44 45 continued : goldenrod revised ( 2 ) rose ( cont 'd ) a tavern with red curtain . bad smell , kissing lady smile and dirt sidewalk spitting . Men cursing . come here bitch . can not you see this five dollar . I usedta live in the world . really be in the world free and sweet talk . good morning and thank you and nice day . uh-huh I can not now . I can not be nice to nobody . Nice be such a rip-off . I usedta be in the world . a woman in the world I hadda right to the world . then I move to harlem for the set - up of a universe six block of cruelty pile up on itself . a tunnel close . open you leg . int . yasmine 's apartment -—- night 47 . a44 CUT to : 45 yasmine 's apartment be very afrocentric . its small and colorful . there be a futon , coffee table , and lot of book on a book shelf . lot of poster of famous African dancer josephine Baker , judith jamison , scheita , Alvin ailey , and so on . Bill sit on the sofa . she stand in the kitchen . they both laugh . bill Nice place . yasmine thanks . bill what smell so good ? yasmine me. bill ok . yasmine no , I be cooking a Cuban feast for you my friend . bill let 's skip the dinner and go right for the desert . ( continued ) 45 continued : goldenrod revised 48 . 45 he walk up to she and kiss she on she forehead . she do . yasmine stop it . bill hug I . bill ( cont 'd ) you do smell good . yasmine let I check the bread . you want wine ? bill you be all the wine I need . he try to kiss she . she push he away . yasmine Bill come on , stop . we be suppose to be have dinner . bill come on , you want to . he start to take off he clothes . yasmine Bill ... bill what ? yasmine put you clothes on . bill why ? yasmine I ... bill what , we be both adult . I know why you ask I to come over here . yasmine no , no you have get it wrong . ( continued ) 45 46 47 48 goldenrod revised 49 . continued : ( 2 ) 45 bill oh I see , you be gonna put up a fight . so you can feel like a good girl in the morning . yasmine that 's not what I be think at all .... he grab she and hold she around the waist tight . yasmine ( cont 'd ) stop it . he try to kiss she . bill you know you want I . you know it . yasmine stop it . he slam she against the wall hold she wrist over she head with one hand and kissing she on the neck , squarely on top of she . CUT to : int . theatre - night 46 joanna and Carl sit and listen as the opera singer start to sing a opera call pyramid . ( ntozoke 's poem translate to a italian Opera . ) CUT to : int . yasmine 's apartment - night 47 yasmine be fight Bill off as . he be enjoy every violent moment . CUT to : int . theatre - night 48 Carl and joanna watch the opera . CUT to : 49 50 51 52 53 goldenrod revised 50 . int . yasmine 's apartment - night 49 yasmine have stop fight and seem to be in shock with tear fall from she face she have go limp . she look at the clock on the wall . it seem to tick loudly . it read 8:25 . CUT to : int . theatre - night 50 the opera singer get to the climax of the opera . Carl look out of the corner of he eye at a man that be look back at he . CUT to : int . yasmine 's apartment - night 51 Bill be have a orgasm as yasmine lay there unaffected . she look at the clock it 's 8:28 . CUT to : int . theatre - night 52 joanna sit with a tear fall from she face . as the opera continue . CUT to : int . yasmine 's apartment - night 53 yasmine sit up completely in shock and remove from the situation . she sit void of emotion pull up the strap on she bra . Bill be laugh . it 's inaudible to she . bill you want I to set the table . yasmine shake she head no . he get down on he knee in front of she . bill ( cont 'd ) I know you would enjoy it . he kiss she . bill ( cont 'd ) it be good , be not it ? ( continued ) 53 54 goldenrod revised 51 . continued : 53 yasmine nod yes . bill ( cont 'd ) it 's get late , you still want to have dinner ? she shake she head no . bill ( cont 'd ) ok , I gotta work tomorrow anyway . I better get home and get some sleep . lock the door behind I . ok . yasmine nod yes . as he leave she run to the door and lock it fall to the floor in tear . CUT to : int . bradmore publication - day 54 Crystal walk over to katina 's . crystal where be you go for lunch ? katina I be not sure . joanna come out of the office she start to cough . katina ( cont 'd ) tea ? joanna yes Crystal . where be the field stat ? crystal it 's in the report page seven . she slam the report on she desk . joanna do you see it ? crystal oh no , I must have forget it at home . I take it to make sure it be right . ( continued ) 54 55 56 57 goldenrod revised 52 . continued : 54 joanna I have a lunch meeting in forty five minute . what do you propose I do ? crystal I ’‘1l get on the train right now and go get it . joanna no , no , I will be late , come on . i’1ll take you to you house . CUT to : int / ext . joanna 's car - day 55 Crystal and joanna pull up to the apartment . Crystal be reluctant to get out of the car . joanna lean forward . crystal you be not get out be you ? joanna no , will you hurry please . joanna reach into she purse . Crystal get out of the car and look around she quickly run into the building . CUT to : int . joanna 's car - day 56 joanna sit frustrated . joanna I hate come to this kind of neighborhood . be the door lock ? driver yes mar ’am they be . joanna it 's hard to believe I grow up this way . int . crystal 's apartment — day 57 as she walk into the apartment it be dark . a episode of Bonanza play on the television in black and white . Beau Willie stand in the window smoking a cigarette . ( continued ) 57 58 goldenrod revised 53 . continued : 57 he be look down at the mercede and see a man 's form in the front seat . crystal hi. beau willie do you pull up in that car ? crystal yeah , it 's my boss . beau willie I think you work for a woman . crystal I do . beau willie who 's the dude in the front seat ? crystal that 's the driver . beau willie you think I be crazy do not you ? Crystal see a empty vodka bottle on the table . Beau walk towards she . int . gilda 's apartment - day 58 gilda sit with the child when she hear a noise . she hear a picture fall off the wall and crash on the floor . kenya what be that noise ? gilda it will be alright . kwame be that my mamma ? gilda do I ever tell you how I meet my husband . his name be toussaint . I be eight year old . the library be right down from de trolly track cross from the laundry - mat through the big shine floor and granite pillar . Old St. Louis be famous for . I find toussaint . ( more ) ( continued ) 58 59 60 continued : goldenrod revised 54 . 58 gilda ( cont 'd ) I know I be not suppose to but I run into the adult read room and come across toussaint my first black man . they hear Beau Willie yell . the kid look teary . gilda ( cont 'd ) toussaint be a black man . a negro like my mama say . who refuse to be a slave . he speak french and do not let no white man to tell he nothing . I be sick of white folk so my imaginary ... CUT to : int . crystal 's apartment — day 59 we see close up shot of Beau Willie raise he hand and Crystal try to get away from he . he throw she against the wall . gilda ( v.0 . ) toussaint say '' let 's go to Haiti '' . I say awright . then toussaint and I take the hodiamont streetcar to the river last stop . that be where we be gonna stow away on a boat for New Orleans and catch a creole fishing rig for Port - au- Prince . int . gilda 's apartment - same time 60 they hear another picture fall from the wall . the child start to cry . gilda then some ole boy jump out in front of I and say , '' where you go little gal ? '' I say , '' who be you ? '' he say I be toussaint Jones . I say , '' I be on my way to see toussaint l’ouverture in Haiti . '' be ya any kin to he ? he do not take no stuff from no white folk . they gotta country all they own and they be not no slave . that silly ol ' boy squinted he face all up . looka heah girl , I be toussaint Jones . ( more ) ( continued ) 60 61 62 63 goldenrod revised 55 . continued : 60 gilda ( cont 'd ) I be right heah lookin ' at ya and I do not take no stuff from no white folk . ya do not see non round heah , do ya ? CUT to : int . crystal 's apartment - same time 61 Crystal be try to shield herself from the blow , he be yell at the top of he lung . CUT to : int . gilda 's apartment - same time 62 the child sit cry . gilda and he sorta ' push out he chest then he say , '' come on let go on down to the dock and look at the boat . '' I be real puzzle go down to the dock with my paper bag and my book . I feel toussaint l’ouverture leave and this toussaint be the same ' cept the ol 's one be in Haiti and this one wid I speakin' English and eatin ' apple . yeah , toussaint Jones waz awright wit I . the noise stop , gilda go to the door and open it . she be shocked to find Beau willie stand there , he grab the child and take they to the apartment and slam the door . CUT to : int . crystal 's apartment — day 63 Crystal come out of the bathroom shocked to see that he have the child . beau willie bitch you hear I , you gonna be a whore all you life . crystal Beau Willie Brown . do you want the child to see you act the fool again ? ( more ) ( continued ) 63 goldenrod revised 56 . continued : 63 crystal ( cont 'd ) do you want kwame to be brain damage from you throw he around ? she grab the kid and try to protect they . she grab a knife . he try to grab the child . crystal ( cont 'd ) get out or I 'il kill ya . I swear I x11 kill you he reach for kenya and Crystal grab the little girl and hold she tight . crystal ( cont ’d ) do not you touch my child , muthafucker or I will kill you . Beau step back humble . beau willie I be sorry , I do not wanna hurt they . I just wanna hold they . I do not wanna cause you no more trouble . I want to marry you and give ya thing . crystal what be you gonna give , a break jaw . niggah get outta here . he sit down and tear up . he light a cigarette . then he motion for the child . kenya push away and go to she daddy . kenya '' daddy , daddy , be nice to mommy cause , mommy love you and ya gotta be nice . he play with the ribbon in she hair . beau willie see Crystal , I can be a good father now let I see my son . you be still hot , so strong . do not you get right up after that lil fight we have and go back to work . come here kwame . she loosen she grip on kwame , then he walk over to Beau Willie . Crystal sit down and put she hand in she head . crystal Beau , you gotta get some help .... ( continued ) goldenrod revised 57 . 63 continued : ( 2 ) 63 Beau jump up laugh hold both the child in he arm . beau willie awright bitch , awright bitch . you gonna marry I . you gonna marry I . crystal damn it Beau , I not go to marry you . you nre gonna be in jail . you gonna be under the jail for this . now give I my kid . he kick the screen out of the window . beau willie you kid . what you try to say they be not mine .. huh . you just a damn whore . be that you man down there in the car ? be this he kid ? let I give he he kid ... crystal Beau no ! beau willie you will not marry I ? they must be he . CUT to : 64 ext . community CENTER - day 64 juanita walk to she car put a box in the trunk . she be park a few car behind joanna on the other side of the street . 65 int . joanna 's car - day 65 joanna where be this girl ? 66 ext . crystal 's apartment - day 66 tangie walk up the block head home with another man . tangie but see , that 's what I be say . CUT to : 67 68 69 70 71 goldenrod revised 58 . ext . crystal 's apartment - day 67 gilda come out of the building scream . gilda help she , help she ... tangie what be wrong with this crazy old woman ? CUT to : int . joanna 's car - day 68 joanna sit look at the commotion on the street . joanna what 's go on ? what be it ? gilda point up to the fifth floor window . juanita and tangie look up to see Beau hang the child from the window . int . crystal 's apartment — day 69 beau willie you go marry I bitch ! crystal Beau , please , Beau ! he hold the child out of the window . Crystal be stunne . crystal ( cont 'd ) I 'o 1ll marry ya anything but , bring the child back in the house . int. / ext . joanna 's car - day 70 joanna get out of the car to see what all the woman be look up at . int . crystal 's apartment - day 71 crystal no , please . ( continued ) 71 72 73 goldenrod revised 59 . continued : 71 the child be scream and cry for Crystal . she be reach for they when Beau let go of the child . window Pov of the woman 's face as the child fall . ext . crystal 's apartment build - day 72 juanita run toward the child . as she be look down into the camera all go white . CUT to : int . hospital - exam room - day 73 yasmine sit on a bed with a white curtain pull ina very busy hospital . donald where ? yasmine in my apartment . donald in you apartment , a friend be hard to press charge against . yasmine he 's not a friend . donald you will hear thing like . if you know he , you must have want it . a misunderstanding . you know this thing happen . be you sure you do not suggest ? yasmine no . donald have you be drink ? yasmine I do not drink . a rapist do not have to be a stranger to be legitimate . someone you never see . but , if you have be in public with he , dance one dance , kiss he good - bye lightly with close mouth . press charge will hard be as hard as try to keep you leg close while five fool try to run a train on you . ( more ) ( continued ) 73 74 goldenrod revised 60 . continued : 73 yasmine ( cont 'd ) this man friend of ours who smile nice stay employ and take we out to dinner . lock the door behind you . and we be leave with the scar be betrayed by man who know we . and expect like the stranger we always think be come that we will submit . we must have know . woman relinquish all personal rights in the presence of a man who apparently could be consider a rapist especially if he have be consider a friend . and be no less worthy of be beat within a inch of he life . be publicly ridicule have two fist shove up he ass . then the stranger we always think it would be who never show up . Cause it turn out the nature of rape have change . we can now meet they in circle we frequent for companionship . see they at the coffeehouse with someone else we know . we could even have they over for dinner . and get rape in we own house by invitation .. Donald put he pad and pen away and sit down . Renee stand near Donald . donald ok we will pick he up . int . hospital - emergency room - day 74 as he be walk out two stretcher pass by with the child on they . juanita come in with joanna and gilda not far behind . Crystal be in shock , in a daze . crystal I wanna go with they . juanita you have to wait . joanna come on sit down . juanita look at joanna . ( continued ) 74 75 goldenrod revised 61 . continued : 74 juanita be you ok ? joanna yeah . juanita hug a very uncomfortable joanna . she hug she back . joanna sit with Crystal who seem to be in shock . Alice come into the emergency room . she go up to the nurse station . alice I be look for my daughter . nurse what 's she name ? alice nyla adrose . nurse come with I . int . hospital exam room - day 75 Kelly and a detective be talk to nyla when the woman walk in . kelly what do you remember about the place ? nyla turn away . Alice come into the room . nyla mamma . Alice look at she . nyla ( cont 'd ) do not be mad at I . alice rock of age , let I hide myself in thee from this shame . nyla I be sorry mamma . kelly nyla we need you to tell we what happen . we be here to help . ( continued ) 75 76 goldenrod revised 62 . continued : 75 alice speak child . nyla all I remember be , tube , table white wash window , grime from age wipe over . once leg spread anxious . eye crawl up on I , eye roll in my thigh . Metal horse gnaw . my womb dead . Alice start to mumble and pray . Alice bolt out of the room . nyla ( cont 'd ) I really do not mean to . I really do not think I could . just one day off . get off of I . alla this blood , bone shattered like soft ice-cream cone . I could not have you look at I pregnant . I could not have my friend see this die , dangle ' tween my leg . and I do not say a thing not a sigh or a fast scream , to get that eye offa I . get they steel rod outta I this hurt , this hurt I and nobody come . Cause nobody know once I be pregnant and shame of myself . Kelly get up . kelly thanks for call I . nurse sure . the nurse walk out of the room . int . hospital - emergency room - day 76 at the counter we see a doctor talk to Crystal . the doctor give Crystal the news that she child do not make it . she scream . Kelly turn around . kelly be that ? what happen ? nurse crazy ass man drop she child out of the fifth story window . ( continued ) 76 77 goldenrod revised 63 . continued : 76 she walk closer to they as Donald and Renee in the process of question the woman . donald do you all see it ? the woman nod . donald ( cont 'd ) I be go to need to ask you all a few question . donald ( cont 'd ) how do you all know each other ? juanita we do not really . joanna she work for I . gilda I be she building manager . donald Crystal I know this be difficult but I need to know what happen . CUT to : int . tangie 's apartment - day 77 tangie be in she apartment there be a bang on the door . she sit with another man . the bang will not stop she open it . Alice slap she back into the apartment . alice Devil ! tangie mamma stop it . alice you send she there . you send she there . a man come out of the bedroom he look on . alice ( cont 'd ) evil life in you . you be the child of darkness . man # 4 you alright baby . ( continued ) goldenrod revised 64 . 77 continued : 77 alice you get out of here . you do not even know she name do you ? tangie go. the man leave . alice what be wrong with you , all this man crawl inside of you . how can you be any relation to the God in I ? she could have kill she . tangie she could have kill I . alice I be with you , watch she . tangie you think that make it ok . alice she have go crazy now . she 's a alcoholic demon . she go towards she and try to hit she . tangie move . Alice fall on the floor and hit she head . she crawl to the wall and sit on the floor look at she . alice ( cont 'd ) this pair of you could not have come from I . he want you to have the money so you can control I like he do . when he put he hand up my dress , he do not want I with anybody but he . he tell I I be ugly . when I be fifteen he give I to a white man . he tell I he want a grand - girl that be beautiful not black like I , he tell I not to sleep with the darkness , and then you come . tangie you stop lie . alice he touch you too . tangie shut up . ( continued ) 77 continued : goldenrod revised 65 . ( 2 ) 77 alice he touch you too do not he ? I know it . because of who you be . tangie you do not know I . alice you would always wear this orange butterfly and aqua sequin ensconce tween slight bosom silk rose dartin from behind you ear . the passion flower of you meander down hoover street past dark shutter house where woman from Louisiana shell peas round three o'clock and send they son whistlin to the store for fatback and black - eye peas . you glitter in heat and seem to be lookin for ride when you waz not and absolutely eye every man who waz not lame , white , or noddin out . look at you . you let you thigh slip from under you skirt crossin the street . you slowed to be examine . I see you I watch you sullen . and the rhinestone etching the corner of you mouth suggest tear fresh kiss that have do no good . you always wear you stomach out line with small iridescent feather . the hair round you navel seem to dance and you do not let on that you know from behind you waist waz aching to be hold . tangie you do not know I , I be not a deliberate coquette who never do without . what I want and I want to be unforgettable . I want to be a memory , a wound to every man arrogant enough to want I . I be the wrath of woman in window fingerin shade . 01 lace curtain camouflage despair and stretch mark . I glitter honestly delighted I be desire and allow that especially schemin tactful suitor to experience my body and spirit . tearin so easily blend with theirs . ( more ) ( continued ) goldenrod revised 66 . 77 continued : ( 3 ) 77 tangie ( cont 'd ) and they be so happy and lay on my lime sheet full and wet from my tongue . I kiss they reverently even ankle edge of beard ... alice you be darkness . tangie get out . Alice walk out . 78 int . crystal 's apartment build - hallway - day 78 as Alice go into the hallway tangie follow . gilda open she door and look at the two of they . tangie you think you be so holy . you be just like I ! tangie see gilda in she door . tangie ( cont 'd ) what the hell be you look at you old bitch ? gilda stare at she . she try to go back into she apartment the door be lock . tangie ( cont 'd ) shit ! can you open the door . gilda not until you take back that foul word you just say to I . tangie damit old woman , open my door . she go into she apartment and get she key then come and open she door . tangie go in and slam the door . gilda open the door and enter the apartment . CUT to : 79 goldenrod revised int . tangie 's apartment — same day tangie what the hell be you do in here ? gilda ignore she and go to the kitchen . tangie ( cont 'd ) have you lose you damn mind . get you ass out of my apartment . gilda get some ice from the freezer and put it ina dish towel . tangie ( cont 'd ) gilda . gilda sit down and shut up . tangie I be go to tell you one more time . gilda if you do not put this ice on you face you go to be black and blue , do you want that ? tangie snatch the ice from she and sit down . gilda take it from she and put it on she face . gilda ( cont 'd ) it make sense you know . tangie what ? gilda you and you mother . sleep with all this man think it 's just sex . it be not just sex honey , it all have a root . and you have to find the root to pluck it . at 4:30 a.m. you rise movin the arm and leg that trap you . you sigh affirm the sculpture man and make yourself a bath of dark musk oil egyptian crystal and Florida water to remove he smell to wash away the glitter to watch the butterfly melt into sud . ( more ) 67 . 79 ( continued ) 79 80 goldenrod revised 68. continued : 79 gilda ( cont 'd ) and the rhinestone fall beneath she buttock like smooth pebble in a Missouri creek layin in water . you become yourself , ordinary brown braid woman with big leg and full lip regular . and the one who fall prey to the dazzle of hip paint with orange blossom and magnolia scent wrist have want no more than to lay between she sparklin thigh . and have plan on leavin before dawn . and you have be so divine devastatingly bizarre the way you mouth fit round . and now you stand a regular color girl fulla the same malice livid indifference as a sistah wear from supportin a would - be horn player . but then you gather you tinsel and jewel from the tub . and laugh gayly or vengeful you store you silk rose by you bed . and when you finish writin the account of she exploit in a diary embroider with lily and moonstone . you place the rise behind you ear and cry yourself to sleep . tangie damn you listen to all my business through this wall . gilda I use to be you . int . juanita 's apartment - night 80 juanita walk in . she look around the room . juanita Frank ! Frank ! no , not when I need you the most . why do I do this shit to myself . she go into the closet and she see he clothes still hang there she relax . Frank come in the front door with a bag of grocery . frank hey . juanita hey . ( continued ) goldenrod 80 continued : frank I get dinner . she walk up to he and hug he tight . frank ( cont 'd ) what 's wrong ? what 's wrong ? juanita just hold I . he put the bag down and hold she tight . revised 69 . 80 CUT to : 81 frank you alright . juanita yeah . just hold I . frank ok . 81 int . joanna 's apartment - night joanna sit on the sofa with a drink in hand . Carl come in . carl hi. joanna where have you be ? carl play basketball with the fella . what 's wrong ? he look at she dress . joanna my assistant child be murder today . I see it , I see it . this woman work for I for eight year and I never know she be be abuse . what kind of person be I ? she be in my office in my face everyday . carl come on let get you clean up . he stand she up . he hug she . ( continued ) goldenrod revised 70 . 81 continued : 81 carl ( cont 'd ) you be ok . you be ok . he wipe she face and kiss she . carl ( cont 'd ) I be here . I be sorry I be out . you should have call I . CUT to : 82 int . joanna 's apartment - bathroom - night 82 Carl run bath water for she . joanna I be sit here try to think who can I call , who will talk to I . and I realize that this woman that I meet today be closer to I than anybody I have ever know . CUT to : 83 int . donald and kelley 's apartment - night 83 Kelly be sit in the live room when he get up out of the bed and look for she . donald Babe . come on to bed . kelly I be gonna have they remove but I go to the doctor . I say I 'il do it after lunch . and I forget . I be go to see why I can not have child , all the while leave two in danger . donald Babe it 's not you fault . Donald 's phone ring . donald ( cont 'd ) Babe . kelly get it . he answer the phone . ( continued ) 83 84 goldenrod revised 71 . continued : 83 donald detective watkin ? yeah ok , I get it . on my way . Babe , I gotta run to a scene , ok . we will talk about this when I get back ok . kelly ok . be careful . donald I will . I love you kelly I love you too . he run out of the door . she get up grab she car key and leave after he . CUT to : int . alice 's apartment - night 84 Alice walk in the house with nyla . nyla mamma , I be so sorry . alice that , that what be grow inside of you be sin . it have to be destroy . pray and repent . talk to elohim . talk to he child . she take several bottle of oil out of a cabinet and light several candle . alice ( cont 'd ) I do not hear you praying . nyla elohim , God of the most high I pray that you hear I . Alice pour oil in she head . she grab she by the hair and slap she . alice come out of my daughter you demon . come out by the power of elohim . the grade son of man and the daughter of Jerusalem come out . she 's hugging nyla around the neck tightly . ( continued ) 84 85 86 87 a88 88 goldenrod revised 72 . continued : 84 nyla mamma , stop it . nyla fight she off as Alice hold tighter . alice it 's a spirit and it will come out . she hit she again . nyla fight with she off and run out of the house . alice ( cont 'd ) come back child to the salvation of the elohim . come back ! come back . int . yasmine 's apartment - bedroom - night 85 yasmine be asleep , there be bang on she door . yasmine jump up and grab the knife that be on she bedside . int . yasmine 's apartment - live room - night 86 she start to shake as she go to the door . there be a chair at the door and several lock be on it . she look through the peephole and do not see anything . she then sit in a chair in the live room with the knife in she hand . CUT to : ext . yasmine 's apartment —- same night 87 we come down from the window be yasmine sit stare at the front door to see nyla run down the street . CUT to : ext . crystal 's apartment build - night a88 Kelly sit in she car look at the building on the verge of tear . Crystal come out of the apartment with a bucket and start clean the sidewalk . Kelly get out of the car and walk over to she . ext . crystal 's apartment build - night 88 kelly hi. ( continued ) 88 89 goldenrod revised 73 . continued : 88 crystal I can not get this blood up . it 's here and people be walk on the blood of my child . spit . they do not have no respect for my baby . Kelly kneel down to help she . crystal ( cont ’d ) it 's so quiet up there . there 's a part of I that know that this happen but most of I feel like I be in a dream . be I awake ? kelly yes , you be . crystal I do not feel awake . this must be what death feel like . nyla walk up right through the two woman . crystal ( cont ’d ) have some respect ! have some respect . nyla I be sorry . nyla look a fright she be sobbing and breathe hard . kelly nyla . CUT to : int . crystal 's apartment - night 89 Kelly be try to clean nyla up . Crystal look on . nyla and she start choke I . kelly you ’‘re safe now . Crystal do you have a dry towel ? Crystal stare at the window . kelly ( cont 'd ) Crystal , a dry towel . ( continued ) 89 90 goldenrod revised 74 . continued : 89 Crystal go into the bathroom . they can hear a man 's voice and tangie 's voice come from the hallway . nyla get up and go outside . CUT to : int . crystal 's apartment build - hallway - night 90 nyla you happy now . tangie hey , what the hell happen to you ? nyla you send I to that woman and you know . tangie you should have just tell I that you need three hundred dollar for a abortion . instead of lie . nyla go back into the apartment . man # 5 who 's that ? tangie my sister . man # 5 can she come over and join we ? tangie she 's sixteen . man # 5 and . tangie mothafuka get you ass out of my apartment . and do not you let I see you again . man # 5 you crazy bitch . the man leave . tangie go into Crystal 's apartment . goldenrod revised 75 . 91 int . crystal 's apartment - night 91 tangie what be you do here ? kelly she have a fight with you mother . tangie start to laugh . nyla it 's not funny . tangie honey , with a mother like ours you better learn how to laugh to keep from cry . I get the oil too . I never think she would do that to she favorite child . tangie laugh . nyla stop laugh at I ! tangie stop suddenly . tangie I be sorry . I know what it 's like to be laugh at . I be sorry . nyla why do you hate I so much ? tangie I do not hate you . nyla you sure act like it . tangie I know , I be sorry , you need to know something . you can not love somebody who have that much hurt in they . I be learn that more and more . I do not know what 's wrong with I . I have lose touch with reality . I do not know who 's do it . I think I be but I be so stupid . I be able to be hurt and that 's not real . not anymore . we should be immune . if we be still alive . how be we still live ? my dependency on other live being for love . I survive on intimacy ? ( more ) ( continued ) 91 92 93 goldenrod revised 76 . continued : 91 tangie ( cont 'd ) and tomorrow , that 's all I have get go . and it be all I have , be alive and be a woman . be color be a metaphysical dilemma I have not conquer yet . do you see the point ? we spirit be too close to understand separation . nyla we be sister . let we love each other as we be . CUT to : int . community CENTER - yasmine 's dance studio - same 92 night yasmine stand in front of the mirror and start to dance . her rhythm be off . yasmine once there be quadroon ball . elegance in St. Louis lace mulattoe gambling down the Mississippi to Memphis , New Orleans and okra crepe near the bayou where the poor , white - trash would sing . moan strange liquid tone through the swamp . she get up and try it again . yasmine ( cont 'd ) sechita have hear this thing . she push the cling delta dust with paint toe . the patch - work tent be polka-dotted . stale light snatch at the shadow . creole Carnival waz playin natchez . in ten minute she splendid red garter gin-stain , become itchy on she thigh . CUT to : int . crystal 's apartment - same night 93 Kelly push on the door to the bathroom . she push she way in with the help of tangie . they find Crystal on the floor with a bottle of pill next to she . ( continued ) 93 94 95 96 continued : goldenrod revised 77 . 93 yasmine ( v.o. ) Black diamond stocking darn wit yellow thread a ol starch taffeta can - can fall abundantly orange from she waist round the splinterin chair . CUT to : int . yasmine 's dance studio - night 94 yasmine dance alone in the studio . yasmine sechita egyptian goddess of creativity millennium throw she heavy hair in a coil over she neck . sechita goddess , the recording of history spread crimson oil on she cheek , wax she eyebrow and unconsciously slugge the last hard whiskey in the glass . CUT to : ext . hospital - same night 95 the ambulance stop and they get out rush Crystal into the hospital . yasmine ( v.o. ) the break mirror she use to decorate she face make she forehead tilt backwards she cheek appear sink . her sassy chin be just large enough to keep she full lower lip from grow into she neck . CUT to : int . yasmine 's dance studio - night 96 yasmine sechita have learn to make allowance for distortion but the heavy dust of the delta leave a tinge of grit and darkness on every one of she dress . on she arm and she shoulder sechita waz anxious to get back to St. Louis . ( more ) ( continued ) 96 97 98 continued : goldenrod revised 78 . 96 yasmine ( cont 'd ) the dirt there do not crawl from the earth into you soul . at least in St. Louis the grime waz store buy , second - second hand . here in natchez god seem to be wipin he foot in she face . int . hospital - exam room - night 97 the doctor be look into crystal eye . they start to pump she stomach . yasmine ( v.o. ) sechita could hear redneck whoops and slappin on the back . she gather she sparsely sequine skirt tug the waist cincher from under she greyin slip and make she face immobile . she make she face like nefertiti approach she own tomb . CUT to : int . community CENTER - yasmine 's dance studio - same 98 night yasmine continue to dance . yasmine she suddenly throw she leg full force through the canvas curtain . a deceptive glass stone sparkle malignant on she ankle she calf be tauntin in the brazen carnie light the full moon . sechita goddess of love Egypt millenium performin the rite the conjure of man , conjure the spirit in natchez the Mississippi spew a heavy fume of barley . movin water sechita 's leg slashed furiously through the cracker nite and gold piece hittin the makeshift stage she thigh they be aimin coin tween she thigh . sechita Egypt goddess harmony kick viciously through the nite catchin star tween she toe . there be a knock at the door . she stop cold and look at it . she see Donald flash he badge . she talk to he through the door . ( continued ) goldenrod revised 79 . 98 continued : 98 donald hi. yasmine yes ? CUT to : 99 int . hospital - morgue - night 99 yasmine stand in front of a glass window . Donald motion for the doctor to uncover the body . Renee stand with yasmine . donald be that he ? yasmine yes . what happen to he ? donald he rape a woman and she stab he . I guess he get what be come to he huh ? yasmine I guess so . CUT to : 100 int . hospital waiting room - night 100 several of the woman sit around the wait room . gilda , joanna , Kelly , nyla and tangie . juanita walk up . juanita they be pump she stomach . kelly can we see she ? juanita not just yet . Donald and Renee walk in with yasmine . Donald see Kelly . donald hey , hey honey . what be you do here ? kelly she try to kill herself . ( continued ) goldenrod revised 80 . 100 continued : 100 donald oh baby , I be sorry . Carl and joanna enter with coffee . joanna hi , how be she ? Carl look at Donald . juanita she 's stable . joanna I be sorry this be my husband Carl . carl hello . kelly this be my husband Donald . donald let 's get some coffee . good to meet all of you . Donald and Kelly walk away . donald ( cont ’d ) how be you ? kelly I be ok . donald good . how well do you know joanna ? kelly all I know be that she 's crystal boss . donald oh. kelly why ? donald I just ask ? Babe you know that you do a great job with this kid right ? kelly do I ? ( continued ) 100 101 102 goldenrod revised 81 . continued : ( 2 ) 100 donald yes , and I be so glad that they have you to fight for they . you be go to be ok . I be right here . I be go to be sure you be ok . he look back at Carl . Carl look away . CUT to : int . juanita 's apartment - night 101 juanita come into the house with flower and a cake . she sneak in , put the cake on the kitchen counter and light the candle . it read '' happy birthday Frank '' . she take the cake into the bedroom , where she can hear the tv on . juanita I know when I leave this morning you think I forget , but I do not . int . juanita 's apartment - bedroom - night 102 she open the bedroom door . juanita happy birthday Frank . she turn the light on in the bedroom and no one be there . she sit the cake down on the dresser and turn off the tv . she notice that the dresser drawer be slightly open . she open it to see that it 's empty . she go into the closet to see he side of the clothes be go . she exit the closet and throw the cake against the wall . juanita ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) somebody almost walk off with all of my stuff and do not care enough to send a note home say , I be late for my solo conversation or two size too small for my own tacky skirt . CUT to : montage : goldenrod revised 82. 103 int . hospital - day 103 Kelly sit with Crystal feed she . juanita ( v.o. ) what can anybody do with something of no value on a open market ? do you get a dime for my thing ? hey man ... CUT to : 104 int . community CENTER - yasmine 's dance studio -— 104 yasmine be work with the girl in the dance class . they be all in unison dance as one . juanita ( v.o. ) where be you go with all my stuff ? this be a woman 's trip and I need my stuff to oooh and ahhhh about . CUT to : 105 int . joanna 's apartment - night 105 joanna have dinner with Carl . she cough as he walk away from the table . juanita ( v.o. ) honest to God , somebody almost run off with all of my stuff . and I do not bring anything but the kick and sway of it . the perfect ass for my man and none of it be theirs . this be mine . juanita 's own thing . that 's my name . now give I my stuff . CUT to : 106 int . psychologist office - day 106 Crystal lay on the sofa talk to the doctor . juanita , Kelly and nyla be there by she side . ( continued ) 106 107 108 109 continued : goldenrod revised 83 . 106 juanita ( v.o. ) I see ya hidin’ my laugh . and how I sit with my leg open sometimes to give my crotch some sunlight . CUT to : int . tangie 's apartment - day 107 nyla and tangie sit laugh and talk . juanita ( v.o. ) this be some delicate leg and whimsical kiss I gotta have to give to my choice . no you can not have I unless , I give I away . and I be doin 's all that , till ya run off on a good thing . CUT to : int . community CENTER - juanita 's free clinic - day 108 juanita be talk to a different group of woman . time have pass . the woman seem to be lighter , laugh wear different clothes . juanita and who be this you leave I with ? some simple bitch with a bad attitude . I want my thing . I want my arm with the hot iron scar and my leg with the flea bite . CUT to : int . hospital - psychologist office - day 109 Crystal sit with the doctor . they be discharge she . gilda take she home . juanita ( v.o. ) I want my callouse foot and quick language back in my mouth . I want my own thing . how I love they . somebody almost run off with all of my stuff . and I be stand there , lookin at myself , the whole time . it be not a spirit that run goldenrod revised 84 . 110 int . bradmore publication - day 110 joanna give juanita a check for she clinic . the two lady smile and talk . juanita ( v.o. ) off with all my stuff . it be a man whose ego walk round like rodan 's shadow . it be a man faster then my innocence . CUT to : 111 int . prison - day 111 Beau Willie sit in prison . juanita ( v.o . ) it be a lover , I make too much room for . almost run off with all my stuff . and the one run with it . do not know he get it . I be shoutin this be mine . CUT to : 112 int . community CENTER - juanita 's free clinic - day 112 juanita sit with the woman talk to they . juanita and he do not know he get it . my stuff be the anonymous rip off treasure of the year . do you know somebody almost get away with I ... I in a plastic bag under they arm ? I ... CUT to : 113 int . crystal 's apartment build - hallway - day 113 tangie knock on Crystal 's door . gilda open she door . tangie why be it that every time somebody knock on this door that yours open ? gilda what you want with she ? ( continued ) goldenrod revised 85 . 113 continued : 113 tangie get you nosy ass back in you apartment . Crystal open the door . crystal yes . tangie hi. crystal hi. tangie we be have a get together at the community center tonight and we would love for you to come . crystal I do not think so . tangie please come , it will be good for you to get out . it 's in honor of my little sister go off to college . and she love you . crystal if I feel up to it . tangie ok , you can bring somebody if you want to . crystal ok , I 'il think about it . Crystal be about to close the door . gilda look on at tangie . tangie hey do not bring she . tangie walk down the stair and then come back up . tangie ( cont 'd ) I know you be look old lady . gilda what ? tangie you can come too . ( continued ) 113 114 goldenrod revised 86 . continued : ( 2 ) 113 gilda be that you way of apologize to I ? tangie turn to walk away . gilda ( cont 'd ) I notice you have not have any visitor lately . tangie mind you business . gilda I see you be start to mind yours . the two woman exchange a look . tangie walk away . int . juanita 's apartment - night 114 juanita be get ready to leave for a party . there 's a knock at the door , she open it . juanita what do you want ? frank I try to call you . juanita this be over Frank . frank just like that ? juanita every since I realize there be someone call a color girl , a evil woman , a bitch or a nag . I be try not to be that and leave bitterness in somebody else 's cup . come to somebody to love I without deep and nasty smell scar from lye or be leave scream in a street fulla lunatic , whisper slut , bitch , bitch . niggah get outta here with alla that . I do not have any of that for you . I bring you what joy I find . and I find joy . and then there 's that woman who hurt you , who you leave , three or four time . ( more ) ( continued ) 114 a114 goldenrod revised 87. continued : 114 juanita ( cont 'd ) and you just go back after you put my heart in the bottom of you shoe . you just walk back to where you hurt . and I do not have nothing . so I go to where somebody have something for I . but none of they be you . I be on the way back from she house . in the bottom of you shoe . a real dead loving be here for you now . Cause I do not know anymore , how to avoid my own face wet with my tear cause I have convinced myself color Girls have no right to sorrow . I live for you , but I know I do it for myself . I could not stand it I could not stand be sorry and color at the same time . it 's so redundant in the modern world . you gotta go . frank I guess this be good bye . juanita like you have never see it before . he walk out she close the door she continue to get ready . CUT to : int . crystal' apartment - day a114 Crystal sit on the sofa , in the dark . gilda knock . she enter in with a plate of food . gilda walk over to the window to open the curtain . crystal no . gilda stop and look at she . gilda do you eat today ? gilda look at the kitchen . she see the breakfast she bring earlier still cover . gilda ( cont 'd ) no you do not . what 's you plan ? to lay here and die . ( continued ) a114 115 goldenrod revised 87a . continued : a114 crystal how could he do it ? gilda how could you do it ? Crystal look at she . crystal but I try to stop he . gilda you have to stop he long before he get to that window . crystal be you say this be my fault ? gilda some of it . you get to take some responsibility in this . now how much of it you want to take . it be up to you . but you have to take some . and until you do ; you be go to live to die . now I know this hurt but , you get to get up from here . crystal but I do not save my baby . gilda then save some other woman 's baby . help another woman who be miss what you be miss . you get to get up from here . there be too much life wrap in you voice . you get to get up from here . gilda open the curtain . she walk over to Crystal and sit down . she hug she . the two woman cry together . int . joanna 's apartment - evening 115 joanna sit in a chair talk to Carl . joanna my last husband , I hire a private detective to follow he . I look at myself in the mirror one day and I say who be you ? I be not go to do that with you . ( more ) ( continued ) * % + HH HH hk + h HH hf % goldenrod revised 87b . 115 continued : 115 joanna ( cont 'd ) and even though I do not I know I ignore everything in I to have you . carl will you just tell I what the hell you be talk about ? joanna I go to my gynecologist and before I meet you . every level in my body be fine . ( continued ) 115 continued : goldenrod revised 88. ( 2 ) 115 carl wait be you sick ? baby talk to I . joanna tell I the truth . who have you be sleep with ? carl I promise you since we have be together I have not sleep with another woman . joanna what about a man ? carl what ? joanna I see the way you look at they when you think I be not pay attention . carl you accuse I of this ? you have no idea how much I hate come in this damn house sometimes . every day if you be not try to tell I what to wear or call shot over my head , this be bullshit . joanna bullshit ? carl yes , I do not know what the hell you be talk about joanna . joanna be you gay ? carl what , how the hell you gonna ask I something like that . joanna be you gay ? be a man for once and answer the damn question . carl be a man ? ( continued ) 115 continued : goldenrod revised 89 . ( 3 ) 115 joanna yes dammit , be a man instead of that fuck kid that I have be take care of . carl joanna stop it . joanna what kind of man marry 's a woman then sneak around and around let another man bend he over . carl nobody bend I over ? joanna so you do the bend . carl you wanna know what I be ? I 'ma man that be sick of you shit . I be not go to wake up next to a man , kiss he and hold he . that be not I , hold hand some man hand walk down the street that 's a gay man , that be not I . joanna what be you say ? carl I be a man that can enjoy sex with aman . no attachment it 's just sex . and I be sorry if you can not handle my truth . joanna save you sorry . one thing I do not need be any more apology . I get sorry greeting I at my front door . you can keep yours . I do not know what to do with they . I be gonna have to throw some away I can not get to the clothes in my closet for all the sorry . I be gonna tack a sign on my door , leave a message by the phone . if you call to say you be sorry , call somebody else . I do not use ‘em anymore . I let sorry , do not mean to , and how could I know about that take a walk down a dark and musty street in Brooklyn . ( more ) ( continued ) 115 116 goldenrod revised 90 . continued : ( 4 ) 115 joanna ( cont 'd ) I be gonna do exactly what I want to and I will not be sorry for none of it . let a sorry soothe you soul . I be gonna soothe mine . you be always inconsistent do something and then be sorry . beating my heart to death talk bout you sorry . well I will not call , I be not go to be nice . I will raise my voice , scream and holler , break thing and race the engine and tell all you secret bout yourself to you face . I will not be sorry for none of it . I love you on purpose I be open on purpose . I still crave vulnerability and loose talk . I be not even sorry bout you be sorry . you can carry all the guilt and grime ya wanna just do not give it to I . I can not use another sorry . next time you should admit you be mean , down low and low down , trifling . and no count straight out . instead of be sorry all the time , enjoy be yourself . when I get back I want you go and take you HIV with you . she put she test result down in front of he and walk out the door . CUT to : int . community CENTER - yasmine 's rhythm - night 116 yasmine be dance with all of the girl , nyla be dance happy . there be a huge congratulation banner hang above the dj . Alice come in . tangie go over to she , dance up on she . Alice seem very uncomfortable . tangie what 's up Alice ? alice I buy you some thing for she . she give she a box . tangie be it tick ? ( continued ) goldenrod revised 91 . 116 continued : 116 alice where be she ? tangie come on . Alice walk up to nyla . alice I be very proud of you . elohim bless . here ? nyla yes he do . alice it 's the temple bible . nyla thank you mamma . you want some food ? alice no , I be fasting , I be go to go now . this music be of the devil . she walk out . tangie bye. CUT to : 117 ext . community CENTER - roof top - same night 117 joanna I do not know what 's worse the betrayal or the virus . juanita HIV be not a death sentence . I have patient that have be on they med live a great life for over twenty year . its gonna be ok . joanna I can not believe I be that stupid . juanita honey , it could have be any of we . you be not stupid you be in love . we deal with emotion too much . ( more ) ( continued ) 117 continued : goldenrod revised 92 . 117 juanita ( cont 'd ) so why do not we go on ahead and be white then and make everything dry and abstract with no rhythm and no feel for sheer sensual pleasure . yes let 's go on and be white . we be right in the middle of it . no use hold out hold onto ourselves . let 's think we way outta feel . let 's abstract ourselves some family and maybe tonight . i’11 find a way to make myself come without he . no finger or other object just think , which be not spiritual evolution . joanna think will not do I a bit of good tonight . I need to be love . and have not the audacity to say where be you ? juanita and do not know who to say it to . the lady come up the stair . gilda and nyla look who 's here . Crystal come in . the other woman follow she up . tangie what be you do up here ? joanna there be no air . kelly be you have a good time ? joanna yes I be . kelly how about you ? tangie surprisingly I be . I usually need a man around to have some fun . juanita no , let they stay where they be . my love be too beautiful to have throw back on my face . ( continued ) 117 continued : goldenrod revised 93. ( 2 ) 117 yasmine oh , I like that . juanita try one . yasmine what ? juanita I do this with the class . we say my love be too ... , you fill that part in . gilda my love be too sanctify to have throw back on my face . kelly my love be too magic to have throw back on my face . tangie my love be too Saturday night to have throw back on my face . joanna my love be too complicated to have throw back on my face . yasmine my love be too music to have throw back on my face . juanita and you remember that the next time some man try to walk away with all you stuff . tangie I know that 's right . or say I be sorry a million time . kelly we all get I be sorry storey do not we . juanita get this , last week my ex come in say , '' I do not know how she get you number baby '' . I be sorry . tangie no this one be it . '' oh , baby , ya know I be high . I be sorry . '' ( continued ) 117 goldenrod revised 94 . continued : ( 3 ) 117 kelly I be only human , and inadequacy be what make we human . and if we be perfect we would not have nothing to strive for . so you might as well go on and forgive I cause I be sorry . gilda no this one be it . I do ya like I do ya cause I think ya could take it . no , I be sorry . joanna now I know that you know I love ya , but I be not ever gonna love ya like ya want I to love ya . I be sorry . crystal shut up bitch , I tell you I be sorry . all the woman look at she and get serious for a second . this be the first time we notice that the woman be wear the same color as they be in the beginning red , orange , purple , yellow , green and brown . crystal ( cont ’d ) it 's ok . I ask myself how I could let that happen and I realize that I be miss something . something so important . something promise . a lay on of hand finger near my forehead strong . cool. move . makin I whole . sense . pure . all of God come into I lay I open to myself . I be miss something . joanna something promise . juanita something free . crystal a lay on hand . tangie I know bout 's lay on body , lay outta man . ( more ) ( continued ) 117 continued : goldenrod revised 95 . ( 4 ) 117 tangie ( cont 'd ) bring he all of my fleshy self and some of my pleasure be take full eager wet like I get sometimes . I be miss something . crystal a lay on of hand . tangie not a man . laying on . nyla not my mama , hold I tight , say I be always gonna be she girl . gilda not a lay on of a bosom and womb a lay on of hand the holiness of myself release . crystal I sit up one night walk my apartment floor scream , cry . the ghost of another woman who be miss what I be miss I want to jump outta my bone and be do with myself . leave I alone and go on in the wind . it be too much . I fall into a numbness till the only tree I could see take I up in she branch hold I in the breeze . make I dawn dew that chill at daybreak the sun wrap I up swingin rise light everywhere the sky laid over I like a million man . I be cold . I be burnin up . a child and endlessly weaving garment for the moon with my tear I find God in myself and I love she I love she fiercely . the end written on the screen in all color of the rainbow and this be for color girl who have consider suicide but be move to the end of they own rainbow .