forgetting sarah marshall by Jason segel December 18 , 2006 wgaw int . peter 's apartment - late afternoon peter bretter ( 26 ) watch television alone in he dark , creepy apartment . a fake mummy lie in the corner . vintage magician poster and a giant , creepy french clockwork Orange poster adorn the wall . cigarette butt , overflow ashtray and bottle of liquor crowd the table and a giant plasma television adorn one wall . in the corner be a guitar and keyboard . Peter sit , smoking , watch the island with scarlett johannsen . the colony be address by a man on plasma screen throughout the compound --- Peter have make it so he computer be be mirrore on he giant plasma . he sit in front of he computer 's camera so that he giant face be on the tv . he be wear a jacket and tie . peter ( mimick the island ) the lottery will begin in twenty minute . the lucky winner will get to smoke a gigantic joint . Peter chuckle to himself and light a joint , which he watch himself smoke on tv . he try to make smoke ring . we pull back to reveal , that he be wear only the top half of a suit and boxer . -- Peter 's watch the Red shoe diary . the part that duchovny narrate . -- Peter open he fridge . it have nothing in it except for some old orange juice . -- Peter 's on he couch drink old orange juice from the carton , smoking , watch a informational about a treadmill . -- Peter 's on the phone . peter ( cont 'd ) yeah . I do not need the elliptical . just the treadmill . thanks . it 's a mastercard . -- Peter 's pull the treadmill out of its box . -- it 's some time later . the treadmill be cover in ashtray and various junk . Peter 's on the phone . peter ( cont 'd ) well , that 's great . topher sound really cool . I be glad you be have fun . I be ok . no , I be fine . seriously , I be do fine . I gota treadmill . yeah . I miss you and I can not wait to see you . have fun at the wrap party . Peter hang up . he then hit the treadmill on and watch with little interest as a bunch of full ash trays , half - fill soda bottle , and papers go fly off it . -- Peter sit on he couch drink coffee watch talk Soup . it go to a commercial for '' Comedy monday '' and we see a brief promo for '' grace be ace , '' star '' Emmy nominee sarah marshall . '' Peter beam . peter ( cont 'd ) that 's my girl . he address a muppet style dracula puppet in the corner . peter ( cont 'd ) we be gonna get to snuggle in only twenty three day , huh vlad ? -- Peter watch the Red shoe diary again . as he do so , he bounce a ball against duchovny 's face . -- Peter 's asleep . it 's 3:45 pm . the phone ring . he let it go to answer machine . brian ( 0.s. ) ( answer machine ) yo , it 's you bro . pick up pick up pick up pick up pick up . ( sigh ) since you lady 's not in for a couple more day , I be think you could let I and Liz take you out for a meal . I know you be there . pick up pick up pick up pick up Peter ignore the machine . -- Peter 's alarm go off . the cardigan 's '' lovefool '' begin play . Peter hop out of bed . -- Peter , in a nice suit and nice shirt , sit expectantly on he couch . the phone ring . Peter answer it . peter hey , sweetie ! ( then ) not for another week ? oh . no , that 's totally great . say hello to everyone for I . Love ya . Peter leave the room and return second later wear he old sweatpant and dirty T-shirt . int . shower - later Peter stand , scrubbing and sing in a strange operatic voice . the phone ring . he grab a cordless next to the sink . peter hello ? hey baby ! welcome Home !! I be just in the shower sing . I think I be zeroing in on dracula 's point of view . yeah , of course , come on over . Love you . ( beat ) hello ? oh , okay , see you ina minute . Peter hang up and look at the phone , a bit concerned . int . peter 's apartment - moment later a knock at the door . Peter come out from the bathroom , drip wet , naked , drying himself with a towel . he open the door for he stunningly beautiful girlfriend , sarah marshall ( 30 ) . she enter as Peter continue drying himself with the towel , casually expose he naked body . peter ( big , goofy smile ) hey lover ! just scrubbing up for you . she can barely look in Peter 's direction . sarah Pete , as you know , I love you very much . but ... Peter drop he towel . peter be you break up with I ? 4. she look down at the floor . then she nod . Peter look in complete shock . he sit down on the couch and try not to hyperventilate . sarah why do not you put on some clothes and let 's discuss this ? peter ( already teary ) I can not do anything right now . sarah ( sweetly ) honey , I be sorry ... peter ( start to lose it ) what be go on ? I love you , I love you , please do not do this -- sarah just put on some clothes -- peter will that make you not break up with I ? Sarah touch Peter 's shoulder . he roughly shake she off . peter ( cont 'd ) I be sorry , I be just ... oh god . Peter sob so hard that he begin to choke on he breath . peter ( cont 'd ) I be in control , I be in control , I be fine , let 's talk . why ? she start to speak . peter ( cont 'd ) just tell I why . sarah ( super rehearse ) Pete , as you know , I love you very much . peter you already say that . like in exactly that tone . sarah ( still super- rehearse ) but I have feel for a long time that we be grow apart and lead different life . it 's not that I do not love you , I do . peter ( ignore she ) I love you too . like so much . sarah and that 's really sweet . it 's just that ... I think my love for you have ... change . peter change how ? sarah become ... weaker . you know ? like , a lot ... weaker . it 's like you be on the dock and I be in the lake and I be like , '' jump in the lake '' but you just keep stay on the dock . peter what ? I x11 jump in the lake . sarah I know you would , but it would not be for the right reason . peter why now ? I tell you , I have finally figure out dracula 's Pov and you dump I . sarah now 's the time while you life 's on the upsw . ( then , back to super rehearse ) while this be hard for I , I understand that it might be even harder for you . if you want to not see each other for a while I completely and totally understand . peter who 's the guy ? be there someone else ? someone from the movie ? ( more ) peter ( cont 'd ) please tell I it 's not dax shepard . sarah no . there 's no one . I would never hurt you like that . Peter begin weep and move towards she . peter if there 's no other guy it do not have to be over , if there 's no other guy it do not have to be over ... sarah ( tear up a little ) I have think about this a lot , sweetie . peter I have not see you in so long , you have forget what we have and I forgive you for that . just kiss I one last time and I swear you 'il remember . sarah I do not know if that 's good idea - peter just please ... Peter wipe tear and snot off he face and pull Sarah towards he . he start kissing she and desperately clutching she . then he start passionately rub up against she . we can tell she 's not into it . peter I love you baby . do you remember now ? Peter 's get more and more into it . sarah ( panic ) there 's someone else . Peter pull away and stare at she for as long as universal will allow . sarah I should probably go . she leave . int . peter 's apartment - later Peter sit on the couch with he young brother brian bretter ( 23 ) . Three box of camel sit in front of Peter , who smoke one as he drink a fuzzy navel , clearly not he first . brian be you sure you do not want to eat something with that ? Peter shrug indifferently . Brian open Peter 's fridge . there 's a old piece of moldy american cheese . that 's it . brian ( cont 'd ) you place have get really disgusting . I have no idea american cheese could sustain mold . peter can we please focus on the fact that the love my life have just dumped I ? it 's go to be ok , right ? brian it will be . but you be the only one who can make it better . clean yourself up . you be like the walk dead . peter because i've just be dumped ! brian you be do great before Sarah . honestly , you have be on a downward spiral ever since you two meet . peter that be not true ! brian right out of the gate you write a kick ass song for grace , you hook up with the star , you be on you way . then she take off like a rocket and you sit on you ass in this creepy theme restaurant of a apartment . peter I have be work on my dracula musical . brian for five and a half year ? peter musical be one of the most complicated art form . there 's a story and song and -- ( then ) I do not understand why we be even talk about this . brian because this be why Sarah dumped you . when I meet Liz , she would not date I . not because she do not think I be a handsome and intelligent man , but because I do not have my life together . so I quit pot , I go preme , I start do yoga and now we be engage . peter you be like a fuck child bride . brian easy now . I be not the one who make Sarah sleep with dax shepard . peter ( interrupt ) get the fuck out of here . I be serious . right now . get the hell out here . brian Pete --- peter get out Brian !! Brian take Peter 's drink away , head for the door . he begin to speak again . brian when you sober up , Liz and I would love to have you over for a bbq . peter leave ! int . peter 's bedroom - night Peter lay in the bed , only he head free from the cocoon of cover . he be sweat profusely , and breathe in a way that be best describe as panting . the phone ring . Peter glance at the caller id , but do not answer . peter 's mom ( v.o. ) ( answer machine ) Peter , it 's you mother . Brian 's afraid you be go to kill yourself . I tell he he be overreact . but please call and let I know you be ok anyway . we love you . Peter close he eye , desperate for sleep . int . peter 's live room - later Peter sit on he couch in the dark , wrap in a blanket . he drink wine with a straw from a giant box like it 's a juice box and watch project runway . heidi klum ( on tv ) you have a lot of potential , but you just could not come through . I be sorry , you be out . Peter burst into tear . peter auf Wiedersehen . int . kitchen - later Peter finish prepare a beautiful steak sandwich . the oven clock read 3:23 am . he slice the sandwich and adorn the plate with some kettle chip . satisfied , he stare down at he sandwich ... and stare . finally he reach for it , but just lay he hand on to of it sadly . int . peter ’'s bedroom - next morning Peter wake up and look at the clock . 6:17 am . peter you can do this . 10 . int . recording studio - morning Peter adjust he guitar strap and remove he sunglass , revealing haggard eye . his mixer ( 40s ) speak over the intercom . mixer late night ? peter yeah . but I be good . what do we have today ? mixer Three lead -in , a exit and a walk down the street . peter alright , let 's go . the room go dark and a image project on a screen in front of Peter . it be silent footage of Sarah walk down the street . it last for EIGHT second , then cut to black . peter ( cont 'd ) okay , let 's do this . the footage begin again , Sarah walk . Peter play a villainous sounding diddy . mixer too dark Pete . open of the show . you alright ? Peter take a moment to consider . peter Sarah and I decide to take some time apart . mixer oh my God man , I be sorry . peter it be a mutual ... mixer dude , go home . I / x11 finish up today . it 's not like we be compose a symphony here . 11 . peter I be a professional . JI can do this . mixer alright , we get one more thing to score . he flip on sitcommy footage of Sarah kissing some young hot actor like freddie prinze , Jr. the audience go whoooo . close on Peter . int . the cat and fiddle pub - night Peter and Brian sit outside at a table drink . Peter look dress for a date , Brian be far more casual . brian you look good . I do not know you own a curduroy coat . ( then ) so , what be I do here ? peter you be go to be my wing man . brian oh , no . I can not do this . this be not what you need . come over to my house , Liz and I will cook up some stir fry , we will watch lose ... Peter see two girl and wink at they . brian ( cont 'd ) that be just creepy . do not do that look . peter ( through gritt tooth while smile flirtatiously ) I have not do this in six year Brian , I be terrify , so shut the fuck up . brian you be embarrassing yourself . and I . the girl head over to they . 12 . peter oh , be I ? leslie this place be so crowded . be this seat take ? peter not at all . please , sit down . I be Peter , this be my little brother Brian . Brian wave , annoyed . leslie I be Leslie . this be ann. Peter stand up to pull out a chair . ann ( as if a compliment ) you be gigantic . peter thanks . so what can I get you lady to drink ? leslie amstel light . ann vodka sour . brian seltzer water 's fine . ext . cat and fiddle - later Brian and Leslie be sing the '' grace be ace '' theme song . Peter look really embarrassed and very drunk . leslie so , Brian , what do you do ? brian I be engage . leslie oh. how about you , Peter ? 13. brian give you a hint . he write a song . ( sing ) when you need a time - out just to ... peter ( embarrassed ) stop it Brian . brian just to catch you breath . peter stop . Leslie join in for the chorus . leslie and brian so many people in the world ! ann hey ! that 's the theme from that show . brian '' Grace be ace . '' that 's my boy right here . ann you write that ? that be on a true Love sampler CD I get at the coffee bean . I do not even realize it be a whole song . peter yeah . yeah it be . CBS cut it down to eight second . ann that 's so cool . peter I be glad you think so . it make I want to kill myself . ann oh . brian my brother do not just sit on he ass and collect royalty . he 's also be work on a rock musical for six year . 14 . leslie oh wow ! what 's you musical about ? peter dracula . Peter downs he glass . peter ( cont 'd ) I think I should get go . Peter stumble to he foot to leave , rather abruptly . brian be you sure you can drive ? peter yes little brother , I be sure . ext . cat and fiddle Peter get on he scooter . he start off but lose he balance . he and scooter tip over onto the sidewalk . Peter 's too drunk and tired to lift himself up . ann need some help there ? peter ( oddly coy ) maybe . ann c'mon . let 's get you home . Ann help Peter and he scooter up off the ground . int . peter 's bedroom - after post-sex , Peter and Ann lay beside each other awkwardly . peter ( numb ) wow . so I guess it 's really over now . ann we can do it again if you want ? 15 . peter no . it 's just ... she will never take I back now . Peter begin to cry . Ann look at he awkwardly . peter ( cont 'd ) ( cry ) I be sorry . I just end a relationship and I think if I have sex with you I would feel better . ann be you cry ? peter ( weepy ) I be sorry . I be just clearly not ready yet . you be a lovely girl , but it 's not safe for you to fall in love with I . I be not someone you want to be with . ann that 's okay . I have a boyfriend . int . doctor' office c.u. : Peter scrutinize he lip a grandfatherly doctor enter . Peter quickly sit back down . dr . rosenbaum hello Peter , great to see you again . what can I do for you ? peter well . I guess it 's a long story . ummm . I just get out of a five and a half year relationship . so , last night , like a idiot , I sleep with somebody I do not know at all . she claim she have a boyfriend , but there 's really no tell how many people she 's be with , possibly thousand . so ... do you think you could take a look at I ? dr . rosenbaum ( comforting ) of course . ( more ) 16 . dr . rosenbaum ( cont ’d ) but I do have to tell you , this be not really what I deal with on a day to day basis . peter but you be my doctor . dr . rosenbaum I be a pediatrician Peter . peter I appreciate that , but I wake up feel like , some pressure on my lip . dr . rosenbaum ( understanding ) okay . let 's take a look . Dr. rosenbaum give Peter 's lip a good look over . dr . rosenbaum ( cont ’d ) where do you feel this pressure ? peter pretty much my whole lip area . do you see anything ? dr . rosenbaum everything look fine . you be good to go . have fun . peter thanks , but no thanks . I be do be irresponsible . int . bedroom - later Peter and the woman be have sex . both be enjoy themselves . as she get closer , the woman lean up to he ear and whisper . name girl say my name . Peter smile , begin to speak , but hesitates . name girl ( cont ’d ) say my name ... please . Peter 's brow furrow . 17 . peter ( barely audible ) ..- baby ... name girl my name ... Peter mumble something . name girl ( cont ’d ) what ? she abruptly stop . name girl you do not know my name do you . peter what !? of course I know you name . name girl then what be it ? peter darlene . name girl you fuck . peter what ? I bet you do not remember my name ! name girl peter. peter ha. wrong ! it 's Joel . name girl ohmigosh , I be so sorry . peter it 's ok . it 's bound to happen . Joel 's not the most memorable name around . name girl I feel like such a hypocrite . peter it 's ok . 18 . the girl and Peter start kissing again . Peter guiltily stop kissing . peter ( cont 'd ) you be right . my name 's Peter . I just lie to cover up the fact that I do not remember you name . name girl what be wrong with you ? peter I be sorry . the girl leave . int . bar - night Peter , well drunk , and a equally drunk girl do shot . int . bedroom - night Peter have sloppy sex with the drunk girl . they finish . peter that be lovely . drunk girl uh huh . peter ( sexily ) see you in a sec . Peter get out of bed , walk into the bathroom and throws up for a very long time . int . bedroom - 2 night later Peter be have sex with a different girl . she look up at he sweetly . hi girl hi. peter hi. he continue move for a few second . she touch he face . 19 . hi girl hi. peter hi. he continue . she look he deep in he eye . hi girl hi. Peter stop . peter can you please stop say that ? she do not say anything . they recommence lovemake . hi girl ( against she will ) hi. ( then ) it just come out . I be really sorry . peter that 's fine . they continue to make love . hi girl hi. peter hi. hi girl hi. peter I can not do this . hi girl yeah , I neither . int . doctor' office a nurse draw Peter 's blood . in the background , a kid run by closely follow by the kid 's mom and the pediatrician who 's hold a syringe . 20 . ext . santa monica mountain - day Brian and Peter be mid-hike . peter honest to God , enough be enough . you be right . no more meaningless sex . int . bedroom night - 2 day later Peter be in bed with a model . she just look at he with total apathy . she do not move at all . peter do you like what I be do ? model yeah . he continue , she do not change expression . peter be you sure ? model ( blankly ) I love it . int . bedroom - night a different girl . she be on top . pottymouth C ’mon you fuckin’ pussy . fuck I . what 's the matter , you do not like girl you faggot . c’mon . fucker . int . doctor 's office waiting room - day Peter be the only adult without a child in the pediatrician 's wait room . he read highlight . int . doctor 's office - day Dr. rosenbaum enter the room look quite serious . Peter look up at he nervously . 21 . dr . rosenbaum Peter . I think we need to talk . Peter 's eye grow wide and panic set in . peter oh no . oh my God . dr . rosenbaum ( get angry , drop the grandfatherly shtick ) you test come back negative ! not that that matter since it take at least six week for any virus to appear in the bloodstream . you be waste my time and you be drive yourself crazy ! it 's not healthy . also , you insurance do not cover any more blood test for this year . peter ( humiliate ) I know . God , I know . I just ... I be not use to this doc. dr . rosenbaum go away for a week and get you head together . peter where would I go ? dr . rosenbaum I be not a fuck travel agent . peter I can not afford it . dr . rosenbaum ( pouty , make fun of he ) I can not afford it . ( then ) yes , you can . you song be everywhere . I can not get it out of my fuck head . peter the check come when they come . it 's not as much as you have think . 22 . dr . rosenbaum why be I discuss this with you ? then see a psychiatrist . I do not care . peter you know what ? last summer Sarah and I play in this couple basketball tournament . we lose to snoop Dog and Dr. dre , but we get a gift certificate for a free trip to Hawaii . dr . rosenbaum I do not give a shit . ( then ) you want a lolly ? peter I do not think so -- dr . rosenbaum great . then get the fuck out of here . Dr. rosenbaum hold he hand up and walk out . int . peter 's apartment - later Peter 's on the phone hold a gift certificate and brochure . peter ( into phone ) hi. I be call to redeem a voucher I get last year - for a week in Hawaii . sure. 60792 . Peter bretter . oh , it might be under Marshall , Sarah Marshall . yes , she be delightful . ummm , no , I will be travel alone . no actually , we be not together any longer . non - transferable ? but ... I mean , it be a couple tournament , I play as well . I actually score most of the point . yes I see . that 's fine . thank you . Peter hand up , frustrated . he look long and hard at the Hawaiian brochure . it look like paradise . 23 . peter ( cont 'd ) ( to himself , resolute ) you know what ? fuck this . int . tiffany's jewelry - day Peter stand at the counter debate with a nicely quaffed saleswoman . he hold a engagement ring . peter what do you mean you will not take it back ? she leave I . what be I suppose to do with it ? it 's unused . saleswoman I be sorry sir . that 's last year cut . peter what do that mean ? I think a diamond be forever . saleswoman please do not raise you voice sir . he look she up and down , then look at the security guard , who be not pay attention . peter ( whisper ) I will raise my voice if I goddamn well please . because you be not the boss of I ! Peter leave . ext . pawn shop - later Peter walk out of a pawn shop with a wad of cash . int . lax - that night Peter wear a garish hawaiian shirt and short as he sit and wait in the pack terminal with a single duffel bag . peter ( on cell phone ) I get five thousand dollar . 24 . brian ( v.o. ) how much do you pay for it ? peter twenty two thousand . but I just do not care anymore . it 's last year 's cut . brian ( v.o. ) you sure you do not want I to come with you ? say the word and I will be there in a second . peter no , I think this be something I have to do alone . brian ( v.o. ) Fair enough . go out there , relax , meditate , keep it clean . peter that 's exactly right , bro . I be keep it clean . no '' Island sex . '' that 's the whole point , I need to get my shit together . Hawaii be a sex free zone . I be retake my oath as a gentleman . int . airplane - later Peter sit squeeze in the middle seat of the pack flight , watch a rerun of Seinfeld on the monitor . as the studio audience laugh , Peter do not laugh . a Flight attendant come by , and Peter hold up he empty plastic cup . he speak too loud because of he headphone and inebriation . peter I ’‘1l take another mai-tai please . flight attendant ( whisper ) that will be six dollar . Peter struggle to access he pocket in the cramped quarter . after check each pocket , he finally produce a wad of cash . the Flight attendant take he empty cup and head down the aisle . Seinfeld come to a end and Peter sit back and close he eye . then he hear it through the headphone : 25 . peter 's voice ( sing ) when you need a time - out just to catch you breath ... Peter open he eye . grace be ace be be rerun . he watch the open credit : a montage of sarah marshall in various fun scenarios throughout chicago . a cub game . taste of Chicago . laugh through a wind storm . the flight attendant return with the drink . Peter immediately produce a ten dollar bill and hand it to she . he point at the sleeping woman next to he . peter she want one too . he take he mai-tai and drink . ext . kahului airport - maui - establishing Peter 's airplane touch down in maui . ext . waikiki embassador HOTEL - night this be one of the most breathtaking hotel in the world . the cab drive down a huge entrance line with burn tiki torch . int . waikiki embassador HOTEL - moment later Peter make he way through the lavish lobby . Soft Hawaiian music play in the background . it 's gorgeous . angle on : a beautiful young woman who 's name we will learn be rachel check in a couple as Peter wait . rachel aloha and welcome to the waikiki embassador . please enjoy a complimentary lei and pog juice . Peter smile as Rachel put leis over the couple 's head . rachel ( cont 'd ) just marry ? newlywed how would you guess ? 26 . rachel you get that magic newlyw fairy dust all over you . Peter turn away , startle to be tear up . Rachel wave he forward rachel ( cont 'd ) how can I help you . Sir ? peter ( compose himself ) my name 's bretter , Peter bretter . I be check in , but I do not have a reservation . rachel I think we be all sell out , but let I check . she call back to michael , she manager , who be in the office . rachel ( cont 'd ) Michael ? do we have any room available ? Michael pop he head out . michael I do not know . you should probably check the computer Rachel . she turn she back to Peter and flip michael off , then begin check the computer . rachel how long do you want to stay ? peter I do not know . it depend I guess . rachel that 's a brave way to travel . peter either brave or stupid . if you have a room it 's brave . if I end up sleep on kahalui highway it may have be stupid . Peter nervously laugh . Rachel do not . 27 . rachel unfortunately the only room we have available be the kapua suite . it 's available for four night . peter and how much be that ? rachel six thousand a night . peter wow . I see . yeah . might be a little out of my price range . sorry . rachel do not be . it 's a lot out of mine . peter it 's too bad . I be hope for a complimentary lei and pog juice . rachel that be only for the newlywed . peter well , you have a beautiful hotel -- Peter gesture toward the opulent surroundings . the water , the view , and sarah marshall . she glide through the lobby beautiful as ever , hair still wet , in a bikini top and wrapped in a towel . she hold the hand of her new boyfriend . this be william penly ( 28 ) , the best look man on the planet Earth , also still wet , shirtless , wrap in a towel . Peter stare wordless , stunne , mortify . Rachel notice . rachel yeah . that 's Sarah Marshall from Grace be ace . she check in yesterday . Peter can barely speak . he do not break he stare . peter she 's my old girlfriend . we break up three week ago . sarah look over from the lobby . she lock eye with peter . she smile a curious / terrify smile and begin to approach . 28 . peter ( cont 'd ) oh , God . they be come over here . ( deep breath ) I can handle this , right ? rachel well ... I do not know you sir . peter I wish I be not wear this shirt . rachel Fair enough . peter this be a live nightmare . Peter look at she like a helpless animal . he do . rachel ( quickly ) undo that button . she take another look . rachel ( cont 'd ) maybe not , maybe not . but Sarah have arrive . it be instantly incredibly awkward . Long beat . sarah well ... this be a coincidence . I hope . finally , Sarah begin to laugh uncomfortably . sarah ( cont 'd ) please tell I this be a coincidence . peter no , I actually come to show you my shirt . behind the desk , Rachel subtly wince . Sarah smile . sarah seriously though , what be you do here ? peter I do not know . I have feel like there be a alien try to burst through my chest for the past three week , so I think I have get out of town . sarah I know what you mean . William and I be here because we use that coupon that I earn . how be you flight ? peter I do not know . it be a flight . I eat peanut . a awkward pause . Peter find the strength to look and extend he hand . William reach out to shake . angle on : Peter 's Pov . a series of extremely tight of William 's muscle flex with the extension of peter ( cont 'd ) hello . I be Peter . 29 . at William close up he arm . William shake with a friendly smile . he speak with a slight accent . william William . it 's nice to meet you . be you stay here as well ? peter actually , William , it do not look like ... rachel ( interrupt ) I be able to book that room for you sir , four night . peter you be ? rachel yes sir , the kapua suite . Peter look at she , confuse , but she offer back a confident nod . Peter go along with it . 30 . peter excellent . and you say that 's one of the nicer suite , yes ? Rachel be mildly amused at he posture . rachel yes Mr. bretter . I think you will find it acceptable . peter marvelous . ( to William ) I be stay here as a matter of fact . just a quick five - day trip . william great . well if you have like to have dinner with we one of the night ... sarah ( interrupt ) William ! ? william what ? sarah he do not want that . peter no. no . that 's very gentlemanly of you , William . but you two should enjoy you vacation . i’1l be just fine on my own . ( to Sarah ) good to see you , Sarah . sarah thanks Pete . have a good trip . she touch he arm , and then walk away , William in hand . when she be out of sight , Peter nearly collapse . rachel you okay ? peter ( very faint ) I be fine , I be fine . look , thanks for bail I out , but I still can not afford the room . 31 . rachel no one can . it 's just for people like elton John or the kid from that 70 's show . I do not think anyone 's gonna be pop in to stay there in the next four day . you can use the room , you just can not let anyone know . peter ( distract ) wow. ok , sound good . rachel you need a key card to activate the electricity . peter great . rachel but I can not give you one . it 'il register with the system . I be give you a janitor 's key instead . no room service , no phone and you will have to clean up after yourself . peter why be you do this ? rachel she 's here with a guy already ? that 's fuck up . peter ( in agreement ) right ? Rachel hand he a key . rachel have a good stay . peter thank you . so much . ( check she name tag ) Rachel jansen . thank you. 32. ext . waikiki embassador HOTEL - day Peter 's on the phone with Brian . track he attitude . brian be both protective of he brother . '' she 's such a bitch . '' '' she' not cool , but what 's the matter with you . '' '' know it all guy . '' '' just because you're engaged at 21 . you got lucky . '' '' I ’m a responsible . '' peter she 's fuck here ! with some fuck calvin klein bullshit trash ! brian that be a nightmare . peter I can not believe she would cash in that free travel voucher . she never use any of that free shit -- do you know how many unused razr phone she have in she closet ? she make bank . why the fuck do she need a free week in Hawaii ? brian I do not know , it 's hard to turn down a free trip . but what you have get to concentrate on be get control of yourself . peter who 's side be you on ? brian she be not cool . there 's no doubt about that . but you have get to get control of yourself . peter be you kid I ? my ex - girlfriend of five year be here ! with she new boyfriend ! brian why do not we think of solution ? be not there any other hotel on the island ? peter she see I check in . if I leave it would be like I be run away . +e fh fh hhh +e +e 33. brian that 's totally insane . ( speak to Liz ) what 's that babe ...oh , wait . Liz say , you have no choice . if you leave , she 's in the power position . if she 's uncomfortable , she should be the one to leave . ( then , back to Liz ) I do not know , I think he can leave if he want to . peter hello ? can you talk to I please ? brian I can if you start think rationally . peter Liz be right . I be fuck . fuckety fuck fuck . brian if you want I down there , I will come . peter thanks , bro . fuck ! Peter hang up . he see the valet look at he oddly . peter ( cont 'd ) you hotel be really beautiful . int . elevator - continuous William and Sarah ride alone in the elevator . sarah how be he here ? this be a nightmare ! william well , that be certainly unexpected . sarah will you please stop talk like that !! +e * + % * 34 . william I be never go to play a american if I do not work on my accent . sarah just not now . please . William concede and speak in he natural british accent . william if you want to switch hotel , that 's fine with I . sarah if we go , that 's 1ll make it even weirder . this be such a nightmare . ( then ) why on earth would you invite he to dinner ? it 's ridiculous !! it 's crazy ! william really ? I think it would have be more awkward not to ask . sarah be you kid I ? what be wrong with you !?! william I do not know , we be all adult . I certainly be not try to make thing any more uncomfortable . sarah William , it 's be three week ... I mean , it 's be emotionally over for a long time , but we need to physically not see each other for a long , long time . william I understand . ( with a smile ) I just figure I take this perfect woman from he , I should at least buy the guy dinner . sarah ( fake annoyance ) ok , very charming . + h fh hf + % 35 . int . hallway - continuous Peter head down a long hallway look for he room . finally he reach the last door . he double check the room number , then insert he key . int . kapua suite - continuous Peter walk into the incredibly dark kapua suite . he try to move around , but almost instantly knock into something . we hear he shuffle about , then another large thunk . * peter * ah! fuck ! * int . gift shop - moment later Peter point to a group of candle . peter tell I about this . candle saleswoman this be from the kona candle company . Island Breeze . each one be hand -dipped . peter do they shed a lot of light ? candle saleswoman I do not know . peter I ’‘1l take thirty of they please . * ext . waikiki embassador HOTEL ground - night * now in a wrinkle white linen banana Republic outfit , Peter stroll through the hotel 's lush grounds and approach one of the restaurant - Humuhumunukunukuapua 'a . it be a intimate candle light barge float on a salt water lagoon . the maitre ' D approach Peter . + * * peter I would like a table for dinner please . * 36 . maitre d' wonderful , and will you wife be join you ? peter no . maitre d' you girlfriend ? Peter 's lip start to quiver . he shake he head '' no . '' clearly a romantic spot , the maitre d' can not hide he pity . maitre d' ( cont 'd ) I see . right this way . he lead Peter through the small restaurant to a table in the back ... right next to sarah and william . Peter give they a small smile , try to play it nonchalant , and take a seat . maitre d' ( cont 'd ) enjoy you dinner sir . peter could I get a mai-tai please ? with a rum floater . maitre d' I ’‘1l tell you waitress . he leave Peter alone , foot away from he worst nightmare . Peter take a piece of bread and try to seem comfortable . angle on : Sarah and William try to continue they dinner . Sarah make a special effort not to look at Peter . sarah ( force ) do you want to take the road to Koolau ? I hear it be lovely . william I be ask he to join we . sarah do not ask he . for I , do not ask he . william you must trust I . this be a area within which I have a fair amount of expertise . + fff + % +e 37 . sarah we can take the road to Koolau . or maybe get a couple massage ? william ( call out ) Peter ? would you like to join we ? Peter look over from he table . peter no , you two -- william nonsense . please . join we . Peter consider . hesitant , he rise and walk over . Sarah give William a angry glare . as Peter arrive she force a smile . william ( cont ’d ) I know that this be not the most comfortable situation for any of we , but I just think since we be both here try to enjoy we vacation , we should address this sooner than later . peter why be you talk like that ? william like what ? peter in that weird british accent ? william no. ha . no , this be my real accent . when I first meet you I be work on my american . peter I know I sense something off when we first meet . I think it be because you be sleep with Sarah , but it must have be the accent . awkward beat . Peter do not sit . peter ( cont 'd ) so you and Sarah be in the movie together ? + % + f** k * + % +e + * * 38 . william oh , no , I be not in it . sarah he 's the writer . william do some act back in jolly Old . I also run a few club and dj some . you know . a bit of this , a bit of that . peter ( feign knowledge and interest ) cool . what club ? Sarah look at Peter like ' what the fuck ? 's peter ( cont 'd ) I like go clubbing . william mainly in London . you know ' canvas 's ? ( off Peter 's non-reaction ) filthy duke , gucci sound system , Young Turks ? all that guy from Ministry of sound . peter right . totally . william you be a musician I hear . peter everything I write 's for shit . sarah peter. peter Sarah . Peter motion to the waitress who have brough a mai-tai . peter ( cont 'd ) I think that 's mine . she bring the drink over . Peter downs the drink and turn it over on the table like a giant shot glass . +e fhf F * +e hfk of + % 39 . peter ( cont 'd ) ( to William ) seriously , though . thanks for try . it be very mature of you and I appreciate it . int . kapua suite - later now candlelit , this be the nicest room you have ever see . a baby grand piano , a plasma television , and more space then anyone would know what to do with , all face the ocean . reveal Peter , amidst a pile of empty minibar bottle , sobbing . it continue for some time . the phone ring . rachel ( 0.s. ) Peter ? peter Sarah ? rachel ( 0.s. ) no , it 's Rachel . jansen . from the front desk . peter ( flirty ) oh. heyyy . rachel ( 0.s. ) what 's go on up there ? we be get complaint about a woman cry hysterically . peter oh. sorry . that be just ... i’1l keep it down . rachel ( 0.s. ) ( know ) be you okay ? peter I be fine . I be sorry . i’1l be quiet . Peter hang up the phone . he take a deep breath . then he break down again , this time cry in deep silent heave . a + * * + % +e + % * 40 . int . kapua suite - morning Peter wake up , still dress and in the fetal position on the floor . the SUN blaze through the window . he check out the clock : 7:15 am . he pick himself up . int . waikiki embassador HOTEL - later * Peter walk through the lobby which be fill with people - a family eat breakfast , a couple in bathing suit head for the beach , a father put water wing on he pudgy son . another couple share a smoothie . a overload of family and couple everywhere . a cacophony and family and couply sound . he spot a breakfast restaurant which overlook the water and approach . hostess be you by yourself today sir ? peter I be . the patio would be nice please . hostess I be sorry sir , the patio be reserve for party of two or more . int . breakfast buffet - moment later Peter have be seat literally right next to the pancake and waffle station . child loudly wait in line . the hiss of whipped cream be dispense be madden . Peter sip from a large , clearly alcoholic drink . a young couple who wait in line gingerly approach . +e photo man hi , I be sorry to bother you , but would you mind take a picture of I and my wife . ( back , to he wife ) sound awfully nice huh baby , '' my wife . '' photo woman sure do '' my husband . '' I love you my husband . photo man Love you my wife . 4l. peter sure , of course . just there , in line ? photo man please . they pose in line hold they plate as the waffle attendant begin to spray they waffle with whipped cream . Peter fumble with the camera as the pile of whipped cream on photo man 's plate grow mountainous . peter I think I have get it now . photo man ( grow frustrated ) take the picture ! photo woman you know , we do not really need a picture of this -- photo man ( " patiently '' explain ) you do not know what picture be good until you have take they all -- he take it and hand back the camera . photo man use he fork to place a huge dollop of whipped cream on he wife 's plate . the photo man snap a picture of Peter . photo man ( cont ’d ) what 's you email . I x11 send it to you . peter that 's alright . photo man c'mon . what be it . peter spookypete@aol . photo man alrighty , spookypete . have a great rest of you day . + % +e + % 42 . int . front desk - later Peter wander through the lobby . he spot Rachel at the front desk and approach . peter hey . I just want to thank you again . and whenever you need I out , just let I know . rachel I actually check this morning , you be good for a couple day , and I think a room should open up if you decide to stay . how be you do ? any better ? peter good . just try to figure out what to do with myself . everything be sort of couply here . rachel well , it be Hawaii . do you surf ? peter I appreciate that , but no . I have always think I have a surfer 's body though . rachel great ... well , if you want , you could take a surf lesson . Jack 's out by the beach , he 's a good teacher . ext . ocean - later Peter lay on he board in the completely flat water . Jack bob beside he . he be pudgy , grungy , caucasian but wildly tan . the kind of ageless man between thirty and fifty . jack that really suck dude . peter yep . it be pretty bad . jack that 's the difference between we and they . Men be like this ... 43 . he move he hand in a straight and steady motion . jack ( cont 'd ) woman be like this ... he move he hand in a wild and erratic zig -zag . peter that 's for sure . jack paddle , padddle , paddle , paddle , paddle ... Peter paddle furiously as a tiny ripple pass through , take he nowhere . the conversation continue . jack ( cont 'd ) I be marry for twelve year . one day she tell I she do not love I anymore . I tell she that be cool , we do not have to get divorced ; but she do anyway . peter oh. I be sorry . jack it 's alright . she still life with I . in my experience , the right thing always happen bro . paddle , paddle , paddle , paddle ... Peter paddle furiously for another tiny ripple . Jack give he a extra shove which push the board at most six inch further . jack ( cont 'd ) good one ! I think that 's good for today . that will be sixty - five dollar . int . kapua suite shower - later Peter sit on a seat in the candle light shower let the water pour down on he . after a moment , he examine the three bottle next to he on the seat . peter hello avena coconut bath gel. 44 , he pour a dollop onto he hand , which he lower below frame . he close he eye . when he open they again , sarah stand before he , nude in the shower . she give he a seductive smile and lower out of frame . after a moment , fantasy Sarah rise to whisper something close into Peter 's ear . he close he eye . sarah you 'il never be with I again . Peter open he eye to find that now both Sarah and William be nude in the shower with he . Sarah wash William . william be sure and get all of my contour . I like my contour nice and clean . Peter watch for a moment in disbelief , then begin smack himself in the head . peter get out of my brain !! let I be !! lather bath gel splatter errantly like hitchcock 's psycho . * int . kapua suite - later Peter rant on he cell phone to Brian . peter so not only have she and fuck oscar wilde Brad Pitt tony Blair mcgee completely ruin my vacation , I can not even masturbate anymore ! brian * why be you so focus on sex ? * peter you get sex everyday . you have forget what it 's like to have the tap suddenly shut off . just because you be lucky and find the right girl at twenty - one -- a brian it 's not luck . there 's no such thing as luck . I just become a responsible adult . why do not you do something cleanse for you body , like yoga ? a 45 . peter yoga ? I hate yoga . brian you can not hate something you have never try . peter I do not know . there 's a girl at the desk I could ask out . brian and have yet another empty fling ? trust I . yoga will clear you head . do you need I to come out there ? would that help ? I x11 come out there . peter maybe ... if you want to . that would be nice . brian I can not come out there . I have mcat in a month . but if you really need I . I will . int . yoga studio - day the yoga studio have a beautiful view of the beach and ocean . Peter , bleary - eye , walk into the studio , drink in hand . the passive - aggressive , incredibly fit , female yoga instructor come up to Peter . female yoga instructor no alcohol in the studio . peter ( baldly lie ) yeah , I know . this be just coconut juice . Peter downs the rest of the drink . the instructor clap and put on music . female yoga instructor alright , would everyone please grab a mat ? Peter grab a mat when in walk Sarah . she make eye contact with Peter . + % a + % +e fh fh +e * 46 . sarah I do not know you do yoga . peter there 's a lot you do not know about I . where 's William ? sarah hiking the volcano . peter you let he go off alone ? sarah of course . he 's very outdoorsy . int . HOTEL room - flashback Peter 's be put on athletic clothes . Sarah 's in bed . sarah where be you go ? peter I be think of take a tennis lesson . sarah you can not leave . let 's have in room couple facial ! peter ok , cool . Peter immediately start get back into he robe . back to the yoga studio female yoga instructor alright , I have like everyone to breathe deeply . breathe in , breathe out . let 's start nice and easy with downward face dog . instantly everyone snap into downward facing dog . Peter try to follow suit . female yoga instructor ( cont ’d ) make sure to arch you back and keep it nice and flat . the instructor come over to Peter and adjust he position . + * * 47 . female yoga instructor ( cont ’d ) let 's loosen up here . peter I be try . female yoga instructor arch it and keep it flat . Peter try to do what she 's say . female yoga instructor ( cont ’d ) no. more like this . she adjust Peter some more . female yoga instructor ( cont ’d ) try and listen . arch it while keep it nice and flat . peter that be oppose idea . female yoga instructor no they be not . ( then ) warrior one ! everyone jump up into warrior one . Peter try to follow . sarah ( whisper to Peter , try to be helpful ) suck in air as you jump . peter ( whisper back ) I know that . female yoga instructor warrior two ! everyone jump into warrior two . Peter try to follow . female yoga instructor ( cont ’d ) ( to Peter ) when you breathe make sure to put you belly button against you spine . ( Peter 's breathe hard ) no , not like that . belly button against you spine . * + % + fff F fh HH * * + HH hf 48 . peter what do that even mean ? female yoga instructor maybe you should just practice you breathe . peter I have be breathe for twenty - six year . I think I know what I be do . female yoga instructor ( whisper to Peter ) no need to become contentious . this be suppose to be a zone of peace and calm . ( to the class ) we be now do handstand . ( pointedly at Peter ) for that who do not think they be up to it , feel free to rest you leg up against the wall . everyone get into handstand , include Sarah who 's in a perfect handstand . Peter struggle to get he legs above he head . peter it 's harder for I because I have more leg and body . Peter manage to get straight up . peter ( cont 'd ) ( to himself , douse in sweat ) yes ! female yoga instructor and now , let 's drop down to locust pose . Peter , in attempt to drop down , fall , knock over several women , include Sarah . Peter try to regroup and help the woman up as the instructor approach angrily , pick up Peter 's coconut shell and smell it . female yoga instructor ( cont ’d ) this be why there be no booze in the fuck yoga studio asshole ! + % +e + hhh HH HH hk + % + % * + fff + % +e + % 49 . Sarah look at Peter annoyed . he rise to leave , and as he * do he give a awkward , apologetic martial art bow . * int . front desk - later Peter approach Rachel who work behind the desk with Michael , who be on the phone . peter hey there . rachel you find something to do ? peter go surfing , per you recommendation . found that I ama very good paddler . amazing really . the stand do not really * interest I that much . * ( she chuckle ) * then do some yoga and accidentally * kick my ex-girlfriend in the * face . * rachel Nice work . so , what can I do for * you ? * peter I be actually wonder what you * be do later ? rachel I be go to the barbecue . peter barbecue ? rachel it 's the 4th . we put on a big firework show and a cookout . it 's fun . would you like to go ? peter yeah ... yeah I would . that sound great . rachel great . that will be fifty dollar , but everything be include except alcoholic drink . 50 . she hand he a ticket . Peter , a bit confuse , pull some money from he pocket . peter I 'il see you there ? rachel I will be there . peter I be look forward to it . rachel good . Peter smile and head off . ext . waikiki embassador HOTEL - sunset another beautiful sunset be underway as Peter follow a tiki torch light path to the beach . he wear another slightly garish Hawaiian shirt . ahead of thim , the fourth of July bbq be underway . Rachel greet he . rachel glad you could make it Peter . peter you look beautiful . rachel thanks . so , I 'il take you ticket . ( Peter laugh ) no , really . I need you ticket . he hand over he ticket . rachel ( cont ’d ) the bar be over there . appetizer be be serve now , follow by a dinner feature traditional Hawaiian fare , then firework . ( Peter nod , confuse ) have a great time . she tear he ticket and put a bracelet around he wrist . a family approach . rachel ( cont ’d ) hello anderson . so glad you could make it . i’1l be happy to take you ticket . ( more ) 51 . rachel ( cont 'd ) the bar be in the corner , a dinner feature traditional Hawaiian fare will be serve shortly , follow by a nice firework display . Pete stand for a moment and watch she tear they ticket . rachel ( cont ’d ) can I help you with something else Peter ? peter no. um ... I x11 just grab a drink . he walk into the bbq , dismay . family after family . couple after couple . on he way to the bar he pass Sarah and William . william hello sir . how 's it go ? peter fine. great . how 's you eye ? sarah it 's fine . you actually miss it by a little bit , so that 's good . peter cool . so how 's the rest of you day be ? william great . hike the volcano . Real nasty bugger . come back for a quick dip in the Pacific , grab Sarah and take a drive around the Island . have some fresh fish at a little stand at the side of the road . Peter look at Sarah skeptically . peter you eat fish from a stand at the side of the road ? william she be quite adventurous . peter be you serious ? + % a 52 . int . chinese restaurant - flashback Sarah and Peter at a chinese restaurant . sarah but no scallion . int . mexican restaurant - flashback a mexican restaurant ... sarah please , no sour cream . int . sushi restaurant - flashback a sushi place ... sarah nothing raw please . do you have chicken without the japanese sauce ? ext . waikiki embassador HOTEL - night and we be back ... sarah it be amazing . peter wow . well , good for you guy . photo couple approach . photo man ( to Sarah ) I can not believe this . I be sorry to bother you , but you be we absolute favorite . would you mind terribly take a picture with my new bride and I ? sarah no , not at all . peter I 's all take it . it 's better if she 's in the middle . + f** k * William stand aside as Peter take the picture . photo woman thank you so much Ms. Marshall . you be a delight . sarah well thank you . Peter hand back the camera to photo man . peter well ... I think I 'il go grab a drink . have a good night . william Nice see you Peter . as he head to the bar , he spot Jack sit alone on beach beyond the row of table . he head over . peter hey man . jack aloha petey . peter how do you do live near you ex - wife ? just be near Sarah be make I insane . jack yeah , we actually live together still , but what be you gonna do ? sit it , Pete . I be just take a fiver . 53. the Peter take a seat on the ground next to he . Jack be smoking a big joint and drink a beer . he hand Peter the joint . jack ( cont 'd ) Sarah Marshall . you be hit some hot shit ! on screen , she 's like cute girl next door , but like , in person , bam !! you know ? Peter take a hit of the joint . peter let 's change the subject . + * 54 . jack I actually gotta get back . I be help prep the pig for the luau tomorrow . peter shit . you be the only person I know here . maybe I 'il just head back upstairs . jack you wanna help I out in the back . it 's pretty fun . peter I do like to cook . smash CUT to : ext . waikiki embassador back ground - night chaos . the wild scream of a pig . Peter and three large samoan hold down a squealing fighting pig . jack stand there with knife . jack be you hold he tight ? peter I can not do this ! kemo just hold he ! Jack move in to make the fatal slice . Peter lose he nerve and let go . samoan what the fuck ? the pig buck . Jack drop the knife . kemo do not shake hand with he . hold he !! Jack grab the pig . jack pick up the knife ! 55 . samoan pick up the goddamn knife ! we can not have a bloody pig run through the hotel ! Peter pick up the knife . peter I can not do this ! jack it will be cathartic ! peter I have see Babe like fifteen time ! jack we be all part of the cycle of life ! peter be holding the machete crying hysterically . kemo do it !! while the blessing still echoes in it 's ear !! send he home ! ! peter oh GOD !! I ’m sorry !! I ’m so sorry !!!! aaaahhhhhh !!!! he stab furiously below frame as blood splatter he apron . ext . beach - later Peter sit watch the firework display , clearly disturb from the pig kill incident . Rachel approach . rachel hey , there . I hear you let go of a pig . peter yeah , well then I get the knife and I slaughter it . do you have a boyfriend ? rachel no. single . 56 . peter good . I mean ... that surprise I . so , do you want to maybe go out tonight ? rachel I have plan tonight . peter oh . of course . Rachel consider . rachel I and a bunch of the hotel staff be head over to lazy Joe 's . you be welcome to come if you be interested . peter what 's lazy Joe 's ? rachel it 's a little dive bar . peter really ? Cause you do not have to ... rachel do not make this weird . do you wanna go or no ? peter I would love to . rachel cool . go put on some regular clothes and meet I out front . Peter laugh . Rachel be not kid . int . lazy joe 's - later Peter sit at a table with Rachel in the beach shack dive bar . the samoan who help slaughter the pig be the band . peter it 's a steady gig work on the show . but I have be a little short on inspiration . ( hesitant , then : ) ( more ) + * * 57 . peter ( cont 'd ) so I have be work on a rock opera . rachel oh yeah ? I do not know they make that anymore . peter that 's the thing . remember the first time you see '' Tommy ? '' rachel I do not remember what that be . what 's you rock opera about ? peter dracula . and eternal love . and I have this vision of do it with both puppet and actor together . or like , puppet with human eye . I keep go back and forth on that . rachel sound weird . peter ( awkward ) yeah . so ... what kind of music do you like ? rachel I do not know . whatever 's on . this guy be good . peter yeah . rachel and who 's that girl who dance ... peter I be not sure . Peter chuckle quietly . rachel what ? peter no , it 's just ... I never get that . not know what kind of music you like . 58 . rachel I do not know . people care about different thing . like how you do not care what clothes you wear . okay , I be gonna grab we another round . peter oh no , please . I will get it . rachel it 's alright . kemo sneak I * drink for free . peter you sure ? you want I to hold you purse or anything ? rachel you do not need to dote on I . I be not that girl . do you always do that ? ext . movie premiere - flashback flashbulb go off everywhere . Peter stand a few step behind sarah on the red carpet , hold she purse . photographer sarah ! over here !! sarah !! smile !! who made you dress ?!!! a agent come over and kiss she on the lip . agent good luck tonight Sarah . you look beautiful . sarah * thank you so much . gucci do a * amazing job . * he see Peter and extend he hand . agent * good to see you ron . Peter shake without correct he . Sarah motion to Peter . he reach into she purse , take out some lipstick and hand it to she . immediately a photographer scream at he . 59 . photographer get off the red carpet so we can take picture of the celebrity !! int . lazy joe be - night and we be back ... peter I guess so . maybe . rachel well stop it . you be in Hawaii . you have get to relax . she head off . Peter finish the last of he beer . he look around the bar for a bathroom . int . lazy joe 's bathroom - moment later Peter stand at a urinal . he look in fascination at the wall in front of he which be adorn with a large plexiglass cover bulletin board fill with polaroid of drunken female patron flash , and stick out they tongue . he smile , amused until he eye find a picture which disturb he . it be a polaroid of rachel flashing her breast . michael enter and take the urinal next to Peter . michael she 's a cutie , right ? I hear she put you up in the kapua suite ? peter ( a bit nervous ) no . no she do not . michael yes she do , she just tell I . peter be you try to trick I , cause I do not want to get she in trouble . michael awww . you be sweet . no , we stow people up there all the time . it 's always empty . +e hfk of + % + % +e 60 . int . lazy joe 's —- moment later Peter return to the table , Rachel be already back with the drink . he sit and take a drink . Rachel be stand with three slightly strung out surfer dude at the bar . Peter approach . peter hello . rachel Peter , this be Walnut , Rico and Marc . they work at the hotel . peter Nice to meet you all . they nod and sip they beer . walnut we be go fishing later , you guy want in ? peter it 's already almost midnight . rico night fishing be when they least expect it . marc they guard be down . Peter look to Rachel . rachel I think we will pass tonight . see you guy later . she hand Peter a beer and lead he back to the table . peter they seem nice . rachel they be meth head . they go spear fishing every night at two in the morning . there use to be four of they . ( Peter laugh ) I be not kid . + % + eh HH 61 . peter oh , man . hey , do you know there 's a picture of you flash in the man 's room ? rachel oh yeah . kemo take it . I be so waste . peter have not you ask he to take it down ? rachel obviously , but he say it will ruin the balance in the collage . hey , I have a surprise for you . peter really ? what ? the band bring they song to a end and the lead singer speak into the mic . lead singer for we next song , we have a special guest from the mainland . sing a number from he dracula musical , please welcome Peter quint . scatter applause . Peter look at Rachel and shake he head , resign . he head to the stage and take a seat behind the piano . pianist be nice to she . Peter sit , but lean into the mic before he begin . peter really , I can sing something else . I think out of context ... the dracula voice might be ... rachel ( call out ) dracula musical !! she clap , and the crowd join in . 62 . peter ( nervous ) alright . Peter begin play the piano . he sign in a strange dracula voice . peter ( cont 'd ) it 's get kind of hard to believe thing be go to get better . but have you here now I see thing be go to be brighter . feeling you here now I know I just might make it through . love you this long have make I believe in forever . and with you this dream I have forget might some how come true ... just as the bar start to get use to the weird song , the music take a dark turn and dracula seem to get angry . peter ( cont 'd ) and when Van helsing come call I swear to the Lord I will slay he . he would take you from I but I swear I will not let it be so . his blood will run down my face once he be decapitate . his head on my mantle be how I will let the World know ..- how much I love you . Peter and Rachel make eye contact . she smile a smile we have not see before . they gaze linger as michael have a seat at she table . they speak while Peter be sing . michael weird song . but he 's cute . rachel I do not know . he 's kinda weird . peter die ! die! die !!!!! ( sadly ) I can not . Peter finish . people clap kind of . Rachel give hima stand ovation . Peter be touch that Rachel be clap for he obviously strange performance . they share a smile . 63 . ext . waikiki - three am Peter and Rachel take what should be a romantic walk through waikiki . however , waikiki at 3:00 be be not a romantic place . the street be pepper with drug dealer and prostitute , many of whom be transvestite . every few foot , Peter wave off be give a flyer for Strip club . rachel so , yeah . I pretty much quit my life and move out here for he . Mr. perfect surfer stud . think I would pick up class at University of Hawaii , but I be also work full time so ... peter so , what happen ? rachel after about three week he tell I he be not ready for a commitment . I move out the next day , he leave for the tour and that 's that . peter what a asshole . rachel he be just a boy . I can see that now . though I would like very much to beat the shit out of he someday . Peter chuckle . they pass a strip club . the doorman try to coax they inside . strip club barker you guy want a couple show ? anything you like . private room . one of you , both of you , any combination you can think of . peter no thank you . ( to Rachel ) you wanna go sit on the actual beach ? rachel sure . * + * + eh HH + % + ff fh fh HH * + * + * * 64 . ext . beach - later Peter and Rachel sit on the beach and talk . peter do not you ever think about go back ? rachel no . peter why not ? I mean ... you could still finish school . a transvestite and a man return from have sex . rachel I hate L.A. besides , I think it 's better not to think about the future . right now , I work at a hotel . there do not have to be a future in it . peter that 's such a cool attitude . I wish I could be that mellow . rachel stay here long enough and you will . rico and marc emerge from the ocean holding harpoon and carrying several fish each . they run up the shore to rachel and peter . rico fish ! we catch a shitload of fish . marc snuck up on they !! caught they !! you guy want to have some fish with we ? rachel where 's Walnut ? Long beat . rachel ( cont ’d ) I think I should probably get home . a + % +h of * 65 . ext . waikiki embassador HOTEL Rachel pull up to drop Peter off . peter you want to hang out tomorrow ? rachel if I get a break , why not ? peter cool . Peter wait to kiss she . rachel well , be you get out or not ? Peter get out . Rachel drive off with a wave . Peter wave back . int . kapua suite - next morning Peter wake in bed with a smile . Sun stream through the window . he look at the clock . 6:00 am . int . breakfast buffet - later Peter eat he breakfast at a table that be right next to the kitchen . we watch he as he eat , though every couple of second , we view be block by the swinging door . ext . beach - moment later Peter head over to the surf shack where Jack be deal with a young kid and he dad . he spot Peter . jack hey bro-sepe . what 's up ? peter want to see if you be available for a lesson , but look like you be busy . jack wanna fool around on a kook -board ? it 's easy . +e + % 66 . ext . beach - later Peter walk backwards in he fin to the shorebreak . he wait for the next whitewater , then clumsily flop onto the board . ext . ocean - moment later out of breath , Peter finally paddle up to the surfer who sit on he board wait for the next set . it be william , shirtless and fit . william hello there . peter Jesus Christ . you surf too . william no , never try . it 's easier than it look though . grow up I be a proper little skateboarder , so my balance be pretty good . peter well , good see you . I be just gonna paddle a little more , try to get some exercise . Peter begin paddle with purpose . sadly , he be work against the current and do not move at all . william I owe you a apology . for the other night at dinner . I totally overstep my bound . you need to move at you own pace , and I be sorry for try to force the issue . Peter be momentarily take aback by William 's compassion . peter no prob . they bob for a moment in silence . william it 's just that when Brittany and I get divorced it be so amicable ... I guess I just wish that good fortune upon everyone . 67 . peter you be marry ? william oh yes . seem like a lifetime ago now , but yes . we be the best of friend . I meet she on my program in England , when I be twenty . she use to spin at chocolate sauce . peter wow . and what ... what '' program '' be this ? william it be call '' Fancy boy . '' Peter try not to chuckle . william ( cont 'd ) yes I know . tough title . believe I , I do not audition for it . get '' discover '' in a coffee shop . one minute some older gentleman be ask I if I want to be a actor , the next I be all over the BBC play how 's you Father with the constable 's son . funny how thing go . Peter and William share a laugh , then silence . finally : peter ( begrudgingly ) I do not blame you for anything . william I be glad . and for whatever it 's worth , I think you guy have end thing before I ever ... Peter tense a bit . peter have not we ? William give Peter a look which convey volume . peter ( cont 'd ) ( grow tense ) Jesus man . I believe you be try you best , but for a british dude you sure be low on tact . 68 . a large wave be approach . William see the wave and begin paddle to catch it . peter ( cont 'd ) * ( tentative ) that wave look a little big . I would be careful . william it could not be worse than this conversation . I think I 'il manage . William position himself perfectly and be sweep up by the wave . nimble as a gazelle , he leap to he foot . Peter watch with disdain as he ride towards the shore , a bronze adonis . William turn back and give Peter a smile which be not return . then ... bang ! William 's board smashes into a rock , send he crash beneath the wave . Peter can not help but laugh . he wait for William to surface . and he wait . and wait . William do not emerge from the water . instead , only the top of William 's board can be see protrude vertically from the water , a sure sign he be trap below . peter shit . Peter ditch he board and begin swim for William . int . underwater - continuous Peter follow the board 's leash down towards the reef and see William , panicked and struggle , leg trap in the reef . he reach out a hand towards Peter , who grab it and try to pull he up . William do not budge , but let out a silent scream of pain . after a furious effort , William 's leg break free from the reef and the two head for the surface . ext . ocean - continuous the pair emerge from the water . * william * aaahhhh !!! * peter * sorry . can you paddle ? * william * I think so . * the two head towards shore , William paddle , Peter swim . * 69 . ext . beach - moment later Peter help the hobbling William to shore where Jack be give the young kid pre-surf instruction . he run over . jack you alright there , brother ? william I can barely move my leg . jack well I can see why . he point at Williams leg , and we now see that a large chunk of reef be stick in he leg , protrude through the skin . peter ( gag ) oh my god ! jack you better pull that out . William try , but even bend be excruciate . william I can not do it . Peter turn to Jack . jack ( calm ) I be not a doctor , legally . besides , he could sue I and the hotel . ( to Peter ) you do it . peter I be not good with ... stuff like this . william please Peter , get it out of I . Peter wince and grab the expose coral . peter ready ? 70 . william do it .... aahhhh ! that hurt ! peter it 's almost out . Peter be oddly enjoy pull the coral out . jack it look like you should pull it the other way . peter oh , right . Peter pull it in the other direction and wrench out the rather large piece of coral as William scream in pain . they all look down at Williams leg , which actually seem okay . william thank God . it actually do not look too bad . then , blood pour from the wound . Peter turn white . peter ( weak ) I do not feel so ... and he faint . * int . HOTEL room - later Peter wake up lay on a large bed and see Sarah stand over he , concerned . as he slowly regains he consciousness , he smile at she and glance to he side . there next to he lay William , leg bandage and asleep . peter ( groggy ) what 's go on ? be he ok ? * sarah * he will be fine . they give he some * stitches and painkiller . you * pass out . the doctor say you be dehydrated . have you have any drink today . peter only like twelve mai tais , but that have juice in they . * ( then ) * ( more ) 71 . peter ( cont 'd ) why be I talk to you ? you boyfriend just apologize to I for sleep with you before we break up . sarah oh , Christ . I be sorry . just relax for a minute . you should not be up and around ... peter I do not want you touch I . they share a long look and Sarah 's chin start to tremble . peter ( cont 'd ) what the fuck happen Sarah ? I understand it 's over . I really do . I just would like to understand what I do to make you cheat ... sarah you do not do anything Pete . you be great . peter not great enough to keep other dick out of you . sarah I will never stop caring about you . though the conversation grow in intensity , both try not to wake William . peter I know and we will be friend forever etc . and so on . can we please just cut the bullshit ! you owe I that . sarah Fine . because Peter , it get hard to keep take care of you when you stop take care of yourself . peter oh , c’mon . sarah for God sake , you be drunk at the 10:00 be yoga class !!! + h fh HH + % + * + % + % + Fe HH * peter it 's be a rough little period . sarah you have stop even try to make thing better . you drink , and you smoke , and you sit there alone in you apartment watch Rocky horror picture show . peter it 's inspirational . sarah it 's fun one midnight every three year , anything more than that be fuck weird , I be sorry . Peter , there be one week when you be sweatpant every day . peter I do not ! int . peter 's apartment - flashback six quick shot of Peter lounging about he house in the same sweatpant , but different t-shirt . one final shot of Peter in only boxer . int . sarah and william be room - continuous and we be back ... sarah I want to have fun Peter . we stop have any fun . we be '' supportive '' of each other , and that 's it . someday I be go to be marry and be a mother and my career will be over and I want to look back and think '' damn , I have a good time . '' peter part of be in a relationship be '' for better or for worse . '' you be suppose to be comfortable be there for I even if I be depressed for three or four year . + % + h ff ff HH hk + % + eh HH HH a 73. sarah for better or for worse be MARRIAGE Peter . get it ? I be not do '' for better or for worse '' in my twenty . I be look for '' for better . '' peter well , great . you and you fun husband have a super duper fun life . Peter leave . int . waikiki embassador HOTEL - later Peter exit the elevator , perturb and spot Rachel at the front desk . Rachel spot he and begin sing . rachel ( do he dracula voice ) and when I see von helsing I swear to the lord I will slay he . that shit get stick in you head man . peter look , I want to thank you for the room and everything , but I think I be gonna take off . rachel what be you talk about ? you have get the kapua suite for a couple more night , for free . what be you , some sort of moron ? peter no. I just ... I do not know what I be do here . rachel save people 's life , that 's what I have hear . Peter shrug it off with a bashful grin . peter it be a accident . I be not think . a +e * + * 74 . rachel I bet that be nice . c’mon , I be off at seven . you want to go to lazy Joe 's ? peter look , I love lazy Joe 's . seriously , it be great , but if I be gonna stick around , maybe we could go for a hike or a drive . someplace far away from my ex-girlfriend . I hear something cool about Koolau Mountain . rachel oh , yeah . all the tourist do that . I have never be . sound like a pain in the ass . plus it 's like a three hour drive , we would have to leave by three at least . peter it 's only two now , can you play hookie ? rachel I do not think so . Peter look over to Michael in the office . peter Michael , do you need she here ? I wanna take she on a hike . Michael smile at Rachel michael how lovely . no , I do not need she . she 's all yours . Peter give Rachel a smile . rachel ( almost begrudgingly ) aright . i’1l have the concierge hook we up with a map . peter cool . + h + % * +h of * 75 . ext . the pool of hana - later Rachel hike in front of Peter , who breathes rather heavily . they walk beautiful rachel how you do back there ? peter awesome . I do not think I have ever be this cover in sweat . it 's like I have a fever . rachel told you it be pain in the ass up here . we could be at lazy Joe 's right now . a few step further and be now overlook a waterfall which cascade into a pool below . they both stare out , Peter be in awe . he close he eye . ext . santa monica mountain - flashback Peter and Mountains he hand . ext . hana and we be sarah stand at the top of the Santa monica overlook the city . she reach out and touch — day back . Peter look pain . rachel you okay ? peter oh , yeah . fine. rachel you sure ? be you gonna throw up again ? peter no , really I be alright . I just ... I be a fuck mess . rachel you be not even touch the mess I be . 76 . peter well , thank you . rachel no I be serious . I mean , I get a back tattoo . Rachel show he . peter wow . be that ... a potato with a knife in it ? rachel it 's suppose to be a human heart . Jack do it for I when my boyfriend leave , but he be fuck waste . peter you must love potato . you should get some tater tot too , right next to it . rachel ( playful ) fuck off . Peter laugh . beat . peter I do not know . it 's funny , but be hurt like that make I feel kind of ... impervious to pain . rachel nothing leave to be afraid of . peter exactly . jumping off this waterfall be not gonna hurt I as much as she do , so what 's there to be afraid of ? rachel so jump then . peter ( off guard ) I mean that as a metaphor . * 77 . rachel why should it be a metaphor ? back up and jump , man . peter be it safe ? she jump off the waterfall . Peter watch the pool with concern until finally she resurface , laugh . rachel ( call up ) I can not believe I survive that ! you come or what ? peter you must be crazy !! rachel I can see you vagina from here . jump ! Peter close he eye and wince . rachel ( cont 'd ) jump !!! Peter take a deep breath and begin he leap from the waterfall . however , about halfway through , he lose he nerve and he body seize . his foot do not jump , but instead , slip out from under he . he slam down hard onto the edge of the cliff . he manage to grab onto a tree root before plummete . peter I be okay !! i’1l just let go . rachel no ! it 's like , really dangerous now . if you fall straight down , you will hit the rock and kill yourself . peter so what do I do ? rachel can you pull yourself up ?!?! Peter try , but be too weak and he grip be awkward . peter no . +h of * + % + h fh fh HH + % 78 . as Peter hang in peril , we see several very young Hawaiian kid leap off the waterfall and fall out of frame behind he . rachel well , maybe put you foot up against the cliff and like ... shoot yourself off . peter like a frog ? rachel I do not know , but that sound like a plan . Peter awkwardly put he leg up against the cliff face like a frog . as he do so , the photo man and photo woman jump off and fall out of frame past he . peter okay , here I go . rachel good luck . peter I be scared . the group of swimmer below watch the hang Peter . they begin to chant . swimmer jump !/ jump you pussy !/i ’m a kid , you 're a giant !/ you're totally go to die ! peter ( laugh ) this be ridiculous . he launch himself backwards and plunge into the pool below . after a while , he emerge with a huge smile . peter ( cont 'd ) you see I , right ? rachel I witness it . I be there . the two tread water about a foot apart , exhilirate . they kiss . + % +e + % * + % +e + % ext . food stand - later Peter and Rachel sit on bench outside of a small local stand . they eat fresh fish and rice , silent and happy . a 79 . food large bowl of dirty look water be also on the table . the sun set on the horizon . peter I be feel very calm . rachel it 's the kava . he touch she hand on the table . rachel I be not a romantic person . Peter begin to pull he hand away , put she softly grab rachel ( cont ’d ) this be amazing . Peter smile to himself . peter it 's nice to hear that word mean something . rachel hmmm ? int . spago - flashback Peter and Sarah have dinner with another couple . sarah the asparagus be amazing . ext . mann 's chinese - flashback Peter and Sarah walk out of a screen with johnny knoxville . sarah you be amazing johnny . it . 80 . int . boutique - flashback Peter wait on a chair in a shi-shi boutique . sarah ( 0.s. ) okay , you ready ? Peter look up from he magazine . peter ready . Sarah emerge from the dress room hold she chihuahua which be wear a turtleneck sweater . sarah amazing , right ? ext . food stand - continuous and we be back ... peter I guess ... I do not know , you be sincere . Peter dip he bowl in the dirty water and take another sip . peter ( cont 'd ) ( smile ) my mouth be numb . rachel mine too . I can not feel my lip . Peter look at she for a moment . rachel ( cont 'd ) what ? Peter lean in and kiss she softly . peter anything ? rachel no . they share a smile and she feed he a bite of rice . 81 . peter thank you . rachel that be pretty bold of you . peter yeah . that 's just how I roll . rachel do not ever talk like that again . she shake she head at he , then take he face in she hand and kiss he deeply . int . lobby - later Peter make he way happily through the lobby . as he pass the front desk , Michael wave he over . michael so ...how be the hike ? peter great . thanks for let she out . michael so listen , I have some bad news . peter what 's that ? michael dakota fanning and she people check in unexpectedly , so naturally , they be go to be stay in the kapua suite . I pack up you stuff for you . peter oh . so do that mean ... I should leave ? michael well , we do have one suite open up in the new wing , but it 's fifteen hundred a night . peter I ' 1ll take it . + % a + % +e * 82. michael you really like she ? peter I just think you hotel be lovely . that 's all . int . standard room - later Peter , still stone , enter a dark standard room and set down he bag . he shimmy out of he clothes and climb into bed . as he ready to sleep , he hear the faint sound of sex come from the room next door . he listen for a second . he close he eye as the sound continue , and we see : ext . hana - sunset Peter and sarah gaze out at the waterfall cascade into the pool below . someone be swim in the pool . it be rachel , and she be nude . Peter stare at she mesmerize , only to be interrupt by Sarah . sarah I be hotter than she be . it 's a fact . Sarah hold up maxim 's hot 100 . Sarah 's at number 24 . Peter look into she eye for a long beat , and then leap off the waterfall , landing with a great splash into the pool below . when he surface , Rachel be wait . they kiss . suddenly , we hear : sarah ( cont 'd ) yes ! fuck I william ! you 're amazing !! uyou 're the best ever !! william right -o !!! right-o you filthy bird ! Peter 's face drop . he flick off the lamp and bury he face in the pillow . the moaning continue . peter bang on the wall . peter sarah marshall and william whatever , this be peter bretter . please shut the fuck up !!! the sound of sex abruptly stop . + % +e 83. int . sarah and william 's room William try to continue have sex with Sarah . william ( whisper ) we can just be quiet . sarah ( whisper ) I can not do this . william ( whisper ) well then I be go to jerk off . I be sorry , sweetie , but if I do not it 's just really go to hurt . sarah ( whisper ) just go , it 's fine . William get out of bed and go in the bathroom . int . breakfast restaurant —- morning Peter sit at a table right next to the man 's room . a man walk out hold he toddler 's hand . you can see the stink from the bathroom hit Peter 's nose . father feel better ? toddler a little . a waitress approach the table . waitress welcome back Mr. bretter . here 's the drink list . peter actually , I think I will just have some coffee and a grapefruit juice please . she look at he surprised . waitress very good sir . + % + * + % + % +e 84 . Peter look out towards the patio and spot william and sarah eating breakfast . William be blackberry . a bird land on there table . Sarah cringe a bit . sarah not while I be eat please . it grab a peace of bread on the table and begin eat . three more bird land on the table and go for the bread . Sarah slide back from the table . sarah ( cont 'd ) shoo !! the bird do not leave , but instead , several more arrive . sarah ( cont 'd ) ( cring ) please leave I alone . Sarah look far too scared . a bird land on her shoulder and she scream . she grab she granola and head inside . sarah ( cont 'd ) it 's a goddamn aviary out here . william alright , honey . let 's move inside . William and Sarah walk into the restaurant and sit down . Peter walk up to they . peter ( oddly sincere ) I just want to apologize if I disturb you lovemake last night . Peter head out . int . lobby - later Peter walk up to Rachel . peter that be pretty great yesterday . rachel so the Koolau pool be nice . I surrender . ( then ) I be sorry about dakota fanning . ( more ) * + * * + * 85 . rachel ( cont 'd ) I be glad you decide to stay * though . * peter be you around tonight ? rachel I be off at seven ... you want to go to lazy Joe 's ? peter I do not actually . I have a idea . have you ever be to the nice place here , Humuhumunukunukuapua 'a ? rachel be you kid ? that place be such a rip off . thirty buck for some fish ? the cajun fish sandwich at lazy Joe 's be six buck . peter if you would not mind , I would like to take you on a proper date . it 's be a long time since I have have a proper date , and I think it would be exciting . Rachel consider . * peter ( cont 'd ) * I mean ... I do stay and all . and * that room be not cheap . * rachel * classy . okay , I be in . * int . HOTEL room - night * * Sarah be get dress for dinner when William enter from the bathroom , look rather sharp in a Fred perry Zip up. * sarah * I think you where go to wear * the shirt I get you ? * william * * not tonight , I want to rock I new Fred perry . sharp , right ? * 86 . sarah it 's alright ... but I think it might be fun to get dress up for dinner . not be in exercise clothes . william it 's Hawaii . everyone dress so casual . sarah I just think ... since I buy the shirt for you . william I love the shirt you buy I . really , I do . it 's beautiful . but it 's like a shirt to wear in a club in New York . it 's not exactly appropriate for here . that 's all . William walk into the bathroom , Sarah take a seat on the bed . she put she head in she hand and take a deep breath . ext . the ivy - day - flashback Peter and Sarah have lunch on the patio with sarah 's parent . peter show off he slightly too tight fitting gayish shirt . peter thanks , Sarah get it for I . int . bowling alley - flashback Sarah and Peter BOWL with some friend . Peter show off he oversize bowling shirt which read '' sarah 's man . '' peter Sarah make it for I . int . ski lodge - flashback Peter and Sarah order hot chocolate at a ski lodge . Peter wear a slightly ridiculous knit ski hat . waitress ( slightly sarcastic ) Nice hat . + * #* * h * + % a * 87. peter thanks . my lady get it for I . Sarah beam with pride . int . HOTEL room - continuous and we be back ... William emerge from the bathroom , still wear he Fred perry and find Sarah on the bed , eye welling with tear . william do not be upset . Fine , honey , I ’‘1l wear the shirt . int . humuhumunukunukuapua 'a - night Sarah and William walk into the beautiful restaurant . they head towards the bar . Sarah stop in she track . she see peter order from the bartendress , look truly handsome . they lock eye . Peter step aside , revealing rachel on he arm . william man , this resort be small . Sarah lead William to the bar , where Peter and Rachel be wait . Peter and Sarah share a awkward smile . peter well ... hello there . Sarah , William , this be Rachel . sarah ( try ) Nice to meet you . the bartendress bring over a bottle of wine and two glass . she pour Peter a taste . peter that 's great , thank you . she begin to pour . Peter turn to Sarah and William . peter ( cont 'd ) would you guy like a glass ? william sarah oh , we could not . I would love one . + * * 88. peter ( cont 'd ) ( to bartendress ) we will take two more glass please . she finish pour and William raise he glass to toast . william to new friend . they smile and cheer . the maitre d' approach with two menus before anyone have have the chance to drink . maitre d' ( to Peter ) you table be ready sir . ( to Sarah and William ) it will be about fifteen minute for you table , I be sorry for the delay . william please , enjoy you dinner . thank you for the wine . peter ( offhand , polite ) you be welcome to join we . sarah ( immediately ) okay . everyone stop , sort of stunne . peter oh. okay ... great . william no , you two be on a date ... peter no , it 's fine . join we . sarah ( " sweetly '' to Rachel ) be you sure you do not mind ? rachel not at all . maitre d' wonderful , I ’1ll set up two more place . follow I . * +e hfk of + % 89 . the two couple follow to the table . Rachel and Peter walk about three foot in front of William and Sarah . angle on : angle on : Peter and Rachel . peter I be sorry . I mean ... I do not think in a million year she would say yes . rachel it 's fine . peter be you sure it 's not awkward for you to be around she ? rachel please ... you have meet like four of my old boyfriend . William and Sarah william this be ridiculous . sarah you want to have dinner with he the other night . william he 's on a date . sarah ( in denial ) so be we . and now it 's a double date . int . humuhumunukunukuapua'a - later we foursome sit at the table drink they wine . Peter have be waxing poetic about the Hana trip . Sarah try not to look pain . all be getting loose from the wine . peter it be amazing . I leapt off the waterfall like some sort of Hawaiian cliff diver . it be remarkable . Rachel subtly shake she head . * +e 90 . peter ( cont 'd ) I do not know I have it in I . I could not have do it without Rachel . she 's fantastic . Rachel be mildly annoyed by Peter 's posture . rachel ( completely sarcastic ) I have hear about man like he in comic book and greek myth , but to see it up close be a real honor . William laugh as he drink he wine in silence . Peter take the hint and try to temper he brag . peter how about you guy ? have fun ? sarah well , we have be sort of limited by William 's leg , but we do have a really romantic night last night . william we order room service and watch '' ocean 12 . '' Sarah shoot William a look sarah once that movie get go it really suck you into a world of chaos and romance . it 's amazing . william you fall asleep halfway through . ( to Peter ) do you go to the fish stand ? peter we do . it be probably the most romantic meal of my life . this sting Sarah , and even Rachel feel a bit bad . the waitress pass . sarah could we have another bottle of wine please ? 91 . int . humuhumunukunukuapua'a - later another bottle . everyone be getting drunk . Sarah go on and on about Australia . sarah it be magical . they say it be a british prison repository , but I find the people delightful . rachel sound great . ( to William ) and you must be proud to get you movie make . william ( barely pay attention ) oh ... it 's actually not my best work to be honest with you . I would not be surprised if the fucker go straight to the telly . Sarah look at William annoyed . a awkward pause . william ( cont 'd ) ( to Rachel ) not to change the subject , but that be a lovely dress . it 's very Zac posen . sarah since when do you care about fashion ? william since I model for the International armani campaign . sarah you never tell I that . william ( clearly drunk ) well ... it do not involve you so I assume you be not interested . Peter and Rachel share a look at the tense exchange . rachel well , thank you for the compliment . * a + * + % +h of * 92. the waitress pass . * william * we will take another bottle of wine * please . * int . humuhumunukunukuapua'a - later a couple bottle later , and get drunker . we foursome sit in silence , awkwardly eat and drink they wine . we hold for ten second too long . William 's blackberry buzze . he check it , and let 's out and odd , mischievous laugh . more silence . the waitress pass . + * * rachel could we have another bottle please ? * * int . humuhumunukunukuapua'a - later all be very drunk , and still drink . William take a errant sip which dribble down he shirt . William lazily wipe it everywhere . Sarah watch on bemuse . sarah what the hell ? be not you gonna try to get that out ? william it 's fine . he wipe it in further . sarah Jesus Christ William , get some seltzer water . peter let the guy be . it 's he shirt . sarah I buy it for he yesterday . william it 's Hawaii . anything go . * rachel why do you guy always think be mellow be the same as be lazy ? go get some fuck seltzer water . 93 . sarah thank you . william you know what Rachel , that 's a fair point . ( call out ) seltzer please ! Sarah look annoyed and take a long sup of wine . the waitress arrive with a chocolate souffle and some seltzer . William clumsily go to work on try to get out the stain . rachel ohmigod that look good . she pick up she fork , prepare a bite and absentmindedly feed it to Peter . Sarah tense . peter ( in heaven ) God I love Hawaii . sarah it be great here . but for like a week top . anymore than that I think I would go crazy . this be where you come to hide from the responsibility of the real world . it 's like neverneverland or something . Sarah look at Rachel almost challengingly . Peter begin to speak up for Rachel , but she squeeze he hand and smile . rachel ( to Peter ) volcano cake , huh ? sound dangerous . I be so nervous when you order it . she feed another bite to Peter , smile at sarah , then give he a long deep hiss . she look Sarah dead in the eye . rachel ( cont ’d ) I like live here . a very tense moment . two well dressed men approach the table . well dressed man 1 I be sorry to interrupt , but we be huge fan . 94 , sarah well that 's awfully nice -- well dressed man 2 ( to William ) you be we absolute favorite Fancy lad ! well dressed man 1 the scene with you and the constable 's Son ... transcendent ! William look up from he now very wet white shirt with a smile . william oh thank you . well dressed man 2 I oh my , I do not know there be a wet t-shirt contest tonight . man 1 slap man 2 on the arm , embarrassed . well dressed man 1 well we do not want to interrupt . enjoy you dinner . they leave giddily . william that be nice . int . waikiki embassador HOTEL - later Peter and Rachel stumble through the lobby . Rachel stop at the elevator bank with she to go box . Peter hesitates . peter do ... do you want to come up ? I be sorry , I do not mean to be -- Rachel kiss he . the door open and they fall into the elevator , drunk . int . elevator - continuous the door shut . she pull back with a smile . rachel I be really tipsy . 95 . she laugh and give he another kiss . she then notice the camera in the corner of the elevator and wave at it . rachel ( cont ’d ) hi , Michael ! int . HOTEL room - moment later Peter and Rachel come through the door . she open the to go box and take the cake in she hand . peter what be you do ? she shove it in he face and begins to laugh . peter ( cont 'd ) ( cover in cake ) I can not believe you just do that . she begin to make out with he , both of they face cover in cake . Peter pick she up and take she towards the bedroom . he hesitates . peter ( cont 'd ) be you sure you be not too drunk ? rachel stop be so fuck sensitive ! he kiss she and carry she into the bedroom . int . sarah and william 's room - later Sarah and William lay in bed , both drunk . Sarah stare at the ceiling as William try to sleep . something catch she ear . the sound of sex can be hear from Peter 's room . Sarah lose she breath . she look over at the sleep William . she climb on top of he and try to commence lovemake . william ( groggy ) what be you do ? sarah make love to I . she begin to kiss he body . William begin to rouse . he kiss she back and she moan too loudly . William notice . 96 . william what be that ? sarah do not stop . Sarah head beneath the cover . something catch he hear . the sound of sex come through the wall . something register in William . Sarah come up from beneath the cover . as she begin to ride he , she again moan way too loudly , as if try to project right back through the wall . int . peter 's room - intercut Peter and Rachel be have drunken sex . Rachel hear the moan through the wall , she stop . rachel shhh. listen . Peter hear Sarah 's moan . rachel ( cont ’d ) must be newlywed . sarah moan louder . Peter try not to turn dark . rachel ( cont ’d ) I think I can beat she . Peter look at she intrigue . peter you think ? she listen to Sarah 's moan . rachel I do not know . make I . she kiss he deeply . int . sarah' room - intercut now rachel and peter can be hear even louder through Sarah 's wall . she turn up the heat and begin scream . a grow cacophony of ingenuine moan volley through the wall . 97 . sarah yes !! yes !! i've never felt anything so good !! this sex I ’m having be amazing ! William look at she , disgust as she carry on . finally he stop move . it take she a second , but eventually Sarah notice . sarah ( cont 'd ) * what 's wrong ? william get off I . sarah what ? William push Sarah a little too forcefully off he . she roll off the bed onto the floor . both be still very drunk . sarah ( cont 'd ) * what be that ? * william I think I may have make a mistake come here with you ? sarah Excuse I ? william you still love he . sarah I do not ! william you should have see yourself at dinner . you be like a fuck * desperate housewife . * sarah you should have see yourself at dinner ! I feel like I be with a mute . all you say be how beautiful she dress be !! I mean , who the fuck be zac posen ?!? + % william you know what , Sarah ? ask I that in five year . ( then ) ( more ) +e 98 . william ( cont 'd ) you be not act like a woman it be wise to be dating . sarah when I meet you I think that you be one of the smartest people I have ever know . and the more I get to know you , the more I realize how lucky you be to have that accent . he get out of bed and head into the bathroom , trip on he way . Sarah be leave alone as the sound of Rachel and Peter can be hear louder and louder through the wall . int . peter 's room - later Peter and Rachel lay next to each other , post-coital . pause . peter ( softly ) hey . rachel hey . peter I think I be fall in love with you . rachel you do not have to say that . peter I know I do not . rachel Peter , look . when I first see you , I think , why be I so attract to this guy ? I do not know he , he 's not my type , frankly he 's way doughier than the guy I normally go for . yet I totally hope he 's here alone . I have not feel like that in a long time , and honestly , it 's be really fun . do not cheapen it by try to make it more than it be . Peter look over at she and smile . 99 . peter okay . she close she eye and snuggle up to he . rachel I be go to have a really bad hang over tomorrow . int . peter 's room - morning Peter wake to the sound of Rachel gather up she thing . peter ( groggy ) where be you go ? rachel I have to work . she kiss he on the forehead and head for the door . peter I mean what I say last night . she stop and look at he . she sigh , defeat . rachel look ... I be pretty sure I feel the same way . okay ? Peter 's face light up . rachel ( cont ’d ) do not give I that hungry puppy look , it 's so nerdy . you be leave tomorrow . peter can I see you tomorrow ? rachel I get off at seven . try not to stand I up . she smile and leave . peter could you just throw I the advil ? 100 . int . lobby - later Peter bounce out of the elevator and head towards the buffet . on he way however , he spot william sit alone in the hotel lobby , a large suitcase sit next to he . he head over . william ( look up from he magazine ) hey . how be you ? peter ( chuckle ) a little tired this morning , mate . what 's with the bag ? william this lad 's head home . peter ( shocked ) what ? what be you talk about ? what happen ? william just not the right match , mate . bad timing . peter bad timing ? william to be perfectly honest Peter , I do not think she 's over you . anyway , alright , that 's I out . ( they shake hand ) I think if we have meet under different circumstance we would be mate . they share a smile . peter I think so too , William . I think so , too . William walk off , turn back for a final smile . as soon as he be go , Peter bolt for the elevator . + * 101 . int . sarah be room - later Peter and Sarah have sex . they be both cry hard . sarah I be so so sorry about hurt you . you be the best thing that ever happen to I and I fuck it all up . peter it 's ok . I understand . we all make mistake . the important thing be to love each other . int . sarah 's room - later Peter and Sarah be sit in bed , post-coital . Sarah 's asleep . Peter 's bliss out . he check he watch . he carefully extricate himself from the bed . sarah ( half -asleep ) where be you go ? peter ( whisper ) I will be right back , baby . I promise . he leave . int . waikiki embassador HOTEL - later Peter get out of the elevator . he see Rachel sit on a couch , wait . he compose himself and approach . peter Rachel . I can not hang out tonight . I have have a absolutely amazing time , but I do not think I be go to be able to do this . rachel what 's with that weird artificial voice ? ( imitate a recording ) '' to leave a message just press one or wait for the tone . '' + * a she look 102 . peter Sarah have come to she sense and I just think that I owe the five and a half year we spend together the chance for we to work thing out . I be sorry . at he in disbelief . rachel okay . peter I do not mean to hurt you . that be the last thing I intend . Rachel shake she head at he with disappointment , but stay very calm in the way only a livid woman can . rachel alright , well . thanks . and good luck . peter I be sorry ... rachel it 's fine . I do not expect anything from you . I do not even know you ... peter do not say that . rachel --- but can I offer you a suggestion ? I would be real careful about you ladyfriend . Peter tense . peter Excuse I ? rachel I do not know how trustworthy she be . peter you know what ? I be sorry I hurt you , but that 's not necessary . rachel good luck . a * * + % +e + % * 103 . she walk away . int . breakfast buffet - next morning Peter and Sarah sit on the patio of the buffet overlook the water . Peter be in heaven . Sarah look down at she food . peter this be breathtaking . it 's paradise . Sarah give he a half -smile . Peter notice . peter ( cont 'd ) be you okay ? she put down she knife and fork and give Peter a look that be all too familiar . before she can say anything , Peter jump up . peter ( cont 'd ) what the fuck ? how could you fucking do this to I ? you 're the fucking devil !!! you goddamn whore ! I never want to see you again you stupid bitch !!! other diner watch on in horror as Peter run out of the restaurant . int . waikiki embassador HOTEL - continuous Peter run to the front desk . Rachel be not there , so he approach Michael . peter be Rachel here ? michael no . and you be a asshole . Peter run to the elevator . int . peter 's room - later Peter sit on he bed , phone at he ear . peter ( into phone ) please call I back . ( more ) 104 . peter ( cont 'd ) I need to talk to you . please . call I back . I be sorry . it be just a hiccup ! I be go to keep call . he hang up the phone in frustration and check the clock . 10:45 am . peter ( cont 'd ) ( to himself ) it do not end like this . not again . int . airport - 9:00 pm Peter be at the Hawaiian arline 's counter . agent we be very full . all we have be one seat in business class , which be ... $ 1259 . Peter reach into he pocket and remove a wad . peter I ' 1ll take it . the agent type away . int . gate 19 - moment later Peter be pull on he shoe as he arrive at the gate . he see Sarah in the short board line and stop . she turn around and the two lock eye . she slowly head over . sarah what ? you have more name you want to call I !? or do you just want to kill I ? peter I do not think I make myself clear . sarah you say '' I never want to see you again you stupid bitch . '' peter I be sorry I say that thing . Sarah look at he , confuse and guilty . + % +e + % * 105 . sarah Peter , I do not know what to do . not at all . peter one thing I know be that this have be the worst month of my life -- sarah I too . peter and the other thing I know be that we should not be together . Sarah nod , tear up a little . peter ( cont 'd ) I be sure that the next time we run into each other it 's 1ll be weird , because I do not really want to see you again -- Sarah and Peter laugh , sadly . peter ( cont 'd ) but just know that I really , truly hope you find everything you be look for . sarah I hope you do too . peter Goodbye . sarah Goodbye . ext . sarah 's apartment bldg - night , 6 year ago Peter and Sarah stand inch apart . peter can I kiss you ? sarah we work together ? do you think it 's smart ? peter not at all . + h F fh hf + % he lean in and kiss she tenderly . they first kiss . int . cab - later Peter dial he cell . peter Rachel , it 's Peter . please call I on my cell . I know I keep call , but I want to see you and I be sorry . please . I be sorry . bye . he hang up . then let out a long , frustrate yell . int . lazy joe 's - later 106 . Peter walk into lazy Joe 's with purpose and head into the bathroom . after a long beat , a loud banging be hear from within . kemo head into the bathroom to see what 's up . int . waikiki embassador HOTEL - later Peter make he way to the front desk , he face now beaten and bruise . Rachel hold up a hand before he can speak . rachel I do not want to talk to you right now . peter please , can I just ... rachel you do not need to explain , I get it , just leave I alone . peter Rachel I make a terrible mist --- rachel ( cut he off , yell ) leave I the fuck alone !! Michael walk over from the office to check on the commotion . rachel ( cont ’d ) I understand you be '' a mess right now . '' I get it . I be a mess too . I sleep with a couple people I be disgust to wake up next to . * * + * 107 . Michael look at she , hurt . rachel ( cont ’d ) not you Michael . ( back to Peter ) I get it , okay ? but it do not excuse act like a complete asshole . it do not . peter I mean everything I say . rachel you tell I you love I . then you put you dick in another woman 's vagina . do you understand that ? peter it be not just a vagina . it be a woman I be with for six year 's vagina . I be so confuse ! please believe I ! imagine if it be you ex - boyfriend , how would you feel ? rachel he 's not my ex- boyfriend he 's my ex - husband . peter what !? he be you husband ? rachel for like six week and then we get it annull . we have not see in each other in like forever . ( then ) do not try to turn this around on I ! peter look , I do not know what to say about that at all ! but I do not think I care . I know I be crazy , but you be crazy too ! I be begging you , be crazy with I . I will be sane with you . we can be a great team . rachel what ? what do that even mean ? peter ( continue ) -.- you be not happy here ! ( more ) hhh ff HH fh fh hhh + % + % + eh HH + f** k * 108 . peter ( cont 'd ) you be not that laid back !! you should be in school and you know that ! rachel get it through you fuck brain !! you should not be with anyone ! you be a lunatic ! you fuck suck I in then you treat I like shit ! why would I want you ? peter you be right . I do not know what I be think . I be act crazy again . I be be codependent and selfish and bizarre . rachel I do not really know what '' co - dependent '' be . all I know be I want you to leave . do not write I . do not call I . do not text I . do not email I . get it ? he back away from the counter . peter I will not bother you anymore . rachel get off my island . he leave . ext . beach - morning Peter sit with he bag watch the sunrise . it be clear he have not sleep . int . plane - later Peter close he eye as the plane take off , leave Hawaii behind . int . peter 's apartment - later Peter enter he dark apartment and set he bag down . he flick on a light and look around he apartment , litter with bottle of booze , overflow ashtray and dirty clothes . after a moment , he go and get a garbage bag and begins to clean . + % +h hhh hf a 109 . int . lazy joe be - night Rachel and Michael approach kemo at the bar . kemo hey . sorry about beat up you howlee boyfriend . rachel that be you ? michael do not apologize . he be a bigfoot look bastard . rachel I do not care , but why ? kemo he come in and steal you picture from the bathroom . he say some bullshit about how you be a angel and should be treat with respect . it be hard to understand he cause I have just punch he in the esophagus . Rachel take this in . fade to black : chyron up : some time later int . steve allen theater - night this extremely SMALL theater be packed with people . a dracula puppet hold CENTER stage , illuminate by a lone spotlight . he be be operate by peter , who wear a black unitard and facepaint for as not to be see by the audience . dracula .--- and I will shower my body in garlic . I will deprive my taste bud of blood . I will stare in the mirror until I can see my reflection . I will leave shadow behind and walk with you in the sun !! + h HH * 110 . a spotlight illuminate another puppet , which look slightly like Rachel in victorian garb , stand on a balcony . another puppet , a succubus which look oddly like Sarah as a witch , hobble on stage and sign to dracula succubus how could she want you , you be not even human ? how could she want you , you be not even a man ? dracula I do not care what you say , nasty wench , of my love , for it be love that will save my damned soul !!! pyrotechnics go off , and several bat puppet swoop down from the rafter singing . the full cast begin to enter as in the finale of les miserable . the audience start to laugh hysterically . bat fly to you ! I will fly to you !! until the end of time I will fly to you !! actor dressed as Zombies and ghoul run down the aisle zombie chorus run to you , I will run to you . until the star do not shine I will run to youll ! several vampire woman emerge from the curtain ! vampiress drink from you . I will drink from you ! until you blood run dry I will drink from you !! dracula be with you , just be with you !! i'd forsake the lord just to be with you !!! they reach a remarkable crescendo . everyone sing they own part over the other until finally they lyric unify ! all to be with you !!! be with you !!! until I start to cry i'll be with you my looooooooovvwwwvwvwve!llelele the crowd erupt in laughter and applause . + h fh HH +e 111. int . theater lobby - later Peter , in jeans and he black unitard , face half clean like a raccoon , hold court and greet the audience as they leave . he be approached by rachel . Peter be stunne . peter Rachel . wow , hi . what be you do here ? rachel some kid at school be talk about some hilarious dracula musical . she motion to two really good looking 19 year old guy waiting across the lobby . peter you be back in school ? that 's great . rachel sort of . I be at Santa monica City College . I do not like be surround by eighteen year old , but , what be you gonna do ? the party can be pretty good . anyway , the show be great . so funny . peter thanks . I do not realize it be a comedy , but once someone point that out to I , it sort of open everything up . rachel well , it 's great you get it up on it 's foot . how 's the tv show go ? peter I actually end up quit , which be terrifying . have to move to a smaller apartment in kind of a scary neighborhood , but here I be . linger beat . rachel you never call or anything . 112. peter you tell I not to . she smile . he grab a flyer and hand it to she . peter ( cont 'd ) well listen , I should probably say some hellos , but my email address be on the back . let I know if you want to go to lazy Joe 's sometime . she laugh . he smile and move on to some other patron . Rachel and walk out of the theater with she friend . second later Peter 's phone vibrate . he reach into he pocket , remove he blackberry and check he email . it read : '' turn around . '' Peter smile , turn around and , there she be , right behind he . she grab he and kiss he hard . rachel you be not stalking anyone else , be you ? peter nope . you be not marry ? rachel no. peter then maybe this have a chance . they kiss a bunch more . the end . over the rest of the credit we see all of the sad , funny and embarrassing photo we photo couple snap of Peter throughout the week .