" forrest gump " screenplay by Eric roth base on a novel by Winston Groom ext . a savannah STREET - day ( 1981 ) a feather float through the air . the fall feather . a city , Savannah , be reveal in the background . the feather float down toward the city below . the feather drop down toward the street below , as people walk past and car drive by , and nearly land on a man 's shoulder . he walk across the street , cause the feather to be whisk back on its journey . the feather float above a stop car . the car drive off right as the feather float down toward the street . the feather float under a pass car , then be send fly back up in the air . a man sit on a bus bench . the feather float above the ground and finally land on the man 's mudsoake shoe . the man reach down and pick up the feather . his name be forrest gump . he look at the feather oddly , move aside a box of chocolate from a old suitcase , then open the case . Inside the old suitcase be a assortment of clothes , a pingpong paddle , toothpaste and other personal item . forrest pull out a book title " curious George , " then place the feather inside the book . forrest close the suitcase . something in he eye reveal that forrest may not be all there . forrest look right as the sound of a arrive bus be hear . a bus pull up . forrest remain on the bus bench as the bus continue on . a black woman in a nurse 's outfit step up and sit down at the bus bench next to forrest . the nurse begin to read a magazine as forrest look at she . forrest hello . my name 's forrest gump . he open a box of chocolate and hold it out for the nurse . forrest you want a chocolate ? the nurse shake she head , a bit apprehensive about this strange man next to she . forrest I could eat about a million and a half of this . my momma always say , " life be like a box of chocolate . you never know what you be gonna get . " forrest eat a chocolate as he look down at the nurse 's shoe . forrest that must be comfortable shoe . I will bet you could walk all day in shoe like that and not feel a thing . I wish I have shoe like that . black woman my foot hurt . forrest momma always say there 's a awful lot you could tell about a person by they shoe . where they be go . where they have be . the black woman stare at forrest as he look down at he own shoe . forrest I have wear lot of shoe . I bet if I think about it real hard I could remember my first pair of shoe . forrest close he eye tightly . forrest momma say they would take my anywhere . int . country doctor' office - greenbow , alabama - day ( 1951 ) a little boy close he eye tightly . it be young forrest as he sit in a doctor 's office . forrest ( v.o. ) she say they be my magic shoe . forrest have be fitte with orthopedic shoe and metal leg brace . doctor all right , forrest , you can open you eye now . let 's take a little walk around . the doctor set forrest down on its foot . forrest walk around stiffly . forrest 's mother , mrs . gump , watch he as he clank around the room awkwardly . doctor how do that feel ? his leg be strong , Mrs. gump . as strong as I have ever see . but he back be as crooked as a politician . forrest walk foreground past the doctor and Mrs. gump . doctor but we be gonna straighten he right up now , will not we , forrest ? a loud thud be hear as , outside , forrest fall . mrs . gump forrest ! ext . greenbow , alabama Mrs. gump and young forrest walk across the street . forrest walk stiffly next to he mother . forrest ( v.o. ) now , when I be a baby , momma name I after the great Civil War hero , General Nathan bedford forrest ... ext . rural alabama a black and white photo of General Nathan bedford forrest . the photo turn into live action as the General don a hood sheet over he head . the General be in full ku klux klan garb , include he horse . the General ride off , follow by a large group of klan member dress in full uniform . forrest ( v.o. ) she say we be related to he in some way . and , what he do be , he start up this club call the ku klux klan . they would all dress up in they robe and they bedsheet and act like a bunch of ghost or spook or something . they would even put bedsheet on they horse and ride around . and anyway , that 's how I get my name . forrest gump . ext . greenbow Mrs. gump and forrest walk across the street . forrest ( v.o. ) momma say that the forrest part be to remind I that sometimes we all do thing that , well , just do not make no sense . forrest stop suddenly as he brace get stick . forrest 's brace be catch in a gutter grate . Mrs. gump bend down and try to free forrest . two old croney sit in front of a barber shop and watch . mrs . gump just wait , let I get it . Mrs. gump struggle to pull the stick brace from the grate . mrs . gump let I get it . wait , get it this way . hold on . forrest pull he foot out of the grate . mrs . gump all right . Mrs. gump help forrest up onto the sidewalk . she look up and notice the two old man . mrs . gump oooh . all right . what be you all stare at ? have not you ever see a little boy with brace on he leg before ? Mrs. gump and forrest walk along the sidewalk past the two old man . Mrs. gump hold tightly onto forrest 's hand . mrs . gump do not ever let anybody tell you they be better than you , forrest . if God intend everybody to be the same , he would have give we all brace on we leg . forrest ( v.o. ) momma always have a way of explain thing so I could understand they . ext . oak alley / the gump boarding house Mrs. gump and forrest walk along a dirt road . a row of mailbox stand leave . forrest ( v.o. ) we live about a quarter mile of Route 17 , about a half mile from the town of greenbow , Alabama . that 's in the county of greenbow . we house have be in momma 's family since she grandpa 's grandpa 's grandpa have come across the ocean about a thousand year ago . something like that . Mrs. gump and forrest walk along the gump board House driveway . forrest ( v.o. ) since it be just I and momma and we have all this empty room , momma decide to let that room out . mostly to people pass through . like from , oh , mobile , Montgomery , place like that . that 's how I and mommy get money . mommy be a real smart lady . mrs . gump remember what I tell you , forrest . you be no different than anybody else be . Mrs. gump head forrest to the porch . she bend down to look forrest in the eye . mrs . gump do you hear what I say , forrest ? you be the same as everybody else . you be no different . int . elementary school / principal be office - day principal you boy 's ... different , Mrs. gump . now , he i.q. be seventy - five . mrs . gump well , we be all different , Mr. hancock . the principal sigh , then stand up . int . hallway forrest sit outside the principal 's office and wait . forrest ( v.o. ) she want I to have the finest education , so she take I to the greenbow County Central School . I meet the principal and all . the principal stand in front of Mrs. gump . forrest , sit leave , listen . principal I want to show you something , Mrs. gump . now , this be normal . the principal hold up a chart with a designation accord to i.q. and point to the center of the graph , label " normal . " a red line below the normal area be label " State acceptance . " the principal point to the section below the acceptance line label " below . " principal forrest be right here . the state require a minimum i.q. of eighty to attend public school , Mrs. gump . he 's gonna have to go to a special school . now , he will be just fine . mrs . gump what do normal mean , anyway ? he might be a bit on the slow side , but my boy forrest be go to get the same opportunity as everyone else . he 's not go to some special school to learn to how to re-tread tire . we be talk about five little point here . there must be something can be do . int . hallway forrest sit outside the principal 's office . principal we be a progressive school system . we do not want to see anybody leave behind . int . principal' office principal be there a Mr. gump , Mrs. gump ? mrs . gump he 's on vacation . ext . gump boarding house - night forrest sit on a swing outside the house . loud organic male grunt be hear come from inside the house . forrest sit on the swing as the grunt continue . the principal step out of the gump House and wipe the sweat from he face . forrest be sit on the porch . principal well , you momma sure do care about you schooling , son . mm-mm -mm . the principal wipe the sweat from he neck , then look back at forrest . principal you do not say much , do you ? forrest grunt , imitate he . the principal , embarrassed , turn and walk away . int . gump boarding house / forrest bedroom Mrs. gump read from the book " curious George " as forrest sit on the bed and listen . mrs . gump finally , he have to try it . it look easy , but , oh , what happen . first there ... forrest momma , what 's vacation mean ? mrs . gump vacation ? forrest where daddy go ? mrs . gump vacation 's when you go somewhere , and you do not ever come back . forrest lie down on he bed and look up . forrest ( v.o. ) anyway , I guess you could say I and momma be on we own . ext . gump boarding house - day a cab driver close the trunk of the car as two woman walk toward the house . a milkman step down from the porch . forrest ( v.o . ) but we do not mind . we house be never empty . there be always folk comin ' and goin ' . mrs. gump ( v.o. ) suppa . int . gump boarding house Mrs. gump step forward and speak to all the border . mrs . gump it 's suppa , everyone . forrest ... a man with a cane step leave across the hall . man with cane my , my . that sure look special . Mrs. gump look into a sit room and inform the border about dinner . mrs . gump gentlemen , would you care to join we for supper ? hurry up and get it before the fly do . I prefer you do not smoke that cigar so close to mealtime . forrest ( v.o. ) sometimes we have so many people stayin ' with we that every room be fill with traveler . you know , folk livin ' out of they suitcase , and hat case , and sample case . mrs . gump well , you go ahead and start . I can not find forrest . Mrs. gump walk up the stair . mrs . gump forrest ... forrest ... forrest ( v.o. ) one time a young man be stay with we , and he have he a guitar case . Mrs. gump look into forrest 's room . she hear sing come from another room and walk over to a close door . Mrs. gump open the door , revealing a young man with long sideburn as he play the guitar and sing . forrest hold onto a broom and dance oddly . the young man be elvis presley . elvis presley ( sing ) " well , you be not never catch a rabbit , and you be not no friend of mine . " forrest 's leg rock back and forth to the guitar . mrs . gump forrest ! I tell you not to bother this nice young man . elvis oh , no , that 's all right , mar 'am . I be just showin ' he a thing or two on the guitar here . mrs . gump all right , but you supper 's ready if y'all want to eat . elvis yeah , that sound good . thank you , mar 'am . Mrs. gump leave and close the door . elvis sit back down . forrest stand leave , and look himself in a mirror . elvis say , man , show I that crazy little walk you just do there . slow it down some . forrest begin to dance again as elvis play the guitar and sing . elvis ( sing ) " you be not nothin ' but a hound , hound dog ... " forrest ( v.o. ) I like that guitar . forrest dance as he watch himself in the mirror . forrest ( v.o . ) it sound good . elvis ( sing ) " ...cryin ' all the time " forrest rock up and down on he brace leg , then begin to step . elvis ( sing ) " you be not nothin ' but a hound dog ... " forrest ( v.o. ) I start move around to the music , swinging my hip . this one night I and momma ... ext . greenbow - night Mrs. gump and forrest walk along a sidewalk . a television inside a store window reveal elvis presley as he perform " houng Dog " on a stage . forrest ( v.o. ) ... be out shoppin' , and we walk right by benson 's Furniture and appliance store , and guess what . the television reveal elvis as he thrust he hip and sing . elvis ( sing ) you be not nothin ' but a hound dog ... Mrs. gump and forrest watch the television . elvis dance around in the same manner forrest do . a woman in the audience scream and applaud . elvis ( sing ) you be not nothin ' but a hound dog ... mrs . gump this be not child 's eye . Mrs. gump walk away , pull forrest with she . forrest stop and take one last look . elvis continue to perform over the television . elvis ( sing ) " well , you be not never catch a rabbit and you be not no friend of mine . " forrest ( v.o. ) some year later , that handsome young man who they call " the King , " well , he sung too many song , have himself a heart attack or something . ext . savannah / bus bench - day forrest be still sit on the bus bench . the black nurse look at he . forrest must be hard be a king . you know , it 's funny how you remember some thing , but some thing you can not . ext . country road / alabama - morning ( 1954 ) Mrs. gump and forrest wait for the school bus . the bus pull up as Mrs. gump prepare forrest for he first day of school . mrs . gump you do you very best now , forrest . forrest I sure will , momma . forrest ( v.o. ) I remember the bus ride on the first day of school very well . the bus driver open the door and look down . forrest walk to the step of the bus and look at the bus driver . she be smoking a cigarette . bus driver be you comin ' along ? forrest momma say not to be take ride from stranger . bus driver this be the bus to school . forrest I be forrest gump . bus driver I be dorothy Harris . forrest well , now we be not stranger anymore . the bus driver smile as forrest step up into the bus . int . bus forrest step up onto the bus . Mrs. gump wave to forrest as the bus drive away . forrest begin to walk down the aisle . two young boy look up from the seat . boy # 1 this seat 's take . boy # 2 it 's take ! forrest look around . a larger girl slide over so forrest can not sit next to she . she shake she head . forrest look to the other side where a boy sit alone on a larger seat . they boy glare up at forrest . boy # 3 you can not sit here . forrest ( v.o. ) you know , it 's funny what a young man recollect . ' Cause I do not remember be bear . ext . savannah / bus bench - day forrest continue talk as he sit on the bus bench . forrest ( v.o. ) I , I ... do not recall what I get for my first Christmas and I do not know when I go on my first outdoor picnic . but , I do remember the first time I hear the sweetiest voice ... int . bus - morning ( 1954 ) Young forrest be still stand in the aisle on the bus . forrest ( v.o. ) ... in the wide world . girl you can sit here if you want . forrest look back at jenny curran , a young girl about forrest 's age . forrest ( v.o. ) I have never see anything so beautiful in my life . she be like a angel . jenny well , be you gonna sit down , or be not ya ? forrest sit down next to Jenny . jenny what 's wrong with you leg ? forrest um , nothing at all , thank you . my leg be just fine and dandy . forrest ( v.o. ) I just sit next to she on that bus and have conversation all the way to school . jenny then why do you have that shoe on ? forrest my momma say my back 's crooked like a question mark . this be go to make I as straight as a arrow . they be my magic shoe . forrest ( v.o. ) and next to momma , no one ever talk to I or ask I question . jenny be you stupid or something . forrest mommy say stupid be as stupid do . Jenny put she hand out toward forrest . forrest reach over and shake she hand . jenny I be Jenny . forrest I be forrest gump . forrest gump . forrest ( v.o. ) from that day on , we be always together . Jenny and I be like peas and carrot . ext . oak tree - day Young Jenny and forrest run toward a large oak tree . forrest ( v.o. ) she teach I how to climb ... Jenny sit on a large branch and call down to forrest . jenny come on , forrest , you can do it . forrest dangle from the branch . forrest ( v.o. ) ... I show she how to dangle . Jenny and forrest sit on a tree branch and read . forrest " ... a good little monkey and ... " forrest ( v.o. ) she help I to learn how to read . forrest hang upside down from a branch and swing back and forth . forrest 's brace be wedge in the tree . forrest ( v.o. ) and I show she to swing . ext . oak tree - night the silhouete of the oak tree , Jenny and forrest as they sit on a branch . forrest ( v.o. ) sometimes we would just sit out and wait for the star . forrest momma 's gonna worry about I . Jenny put she hand on forrest 's hand . jenny just stay a little longer . forrest ( v.o. ) for some reason , Jenny do not never want to go home . forrest okay , Jenny . I will stay . forrest ( v.o. ) she be my most special friend . int . savannah / bus stop - day forrest nod as he remember . forrest my only friend . forrest continue talk to the black woman . she do not seem to be listen as she read she magazine . she look up from she magazine . forrest now , my momma always tell I that miracle happen every day . some people do not think so , but they do . ext . oak alley - another day ( 1954 ) Jenny and forrest walk . a dirt clod hit forrest in the back of the head . Jenny look as forrest rub he head . three young boy get off they bike and pick up more rock . boy # 1 hey ... dummy ! forrest be hit in the eye with another dirt clod . forrest fall backward onto the ground as the boy glare at he . boy # 2 be you retarded , or just plain stupid ? boy # 3 look , I be forrest gump . Jenny help forrest back up . Boy # 1 and Boy # 2 throw more dirt clod at forrest . jenny just run away , forrest . another dirt clod hit forrest in the arm . jenny run , forrest ! forrest try to run along the road , but he brace make it impossible . he hobble along as Jenny yell after he . jenny run away ! hurry ! Boy # 1 and Boy # 2 turn back toward the bike . boy # 2 get the bike ! boy # 3 hurry up ! the boy pick up they bike and ride after forrest . boy # 3 let 's get he ! come on ! boy # 2 look out , dummy , here we come ! the boy ride after forrest . Jenny stand and watch . boy # 2 we be gonna get you ! jenny run , forrest ! run ! forrest hobble along the dirt road . jenny run , forrest ! forrest look over he shoulder . the three boy race on they bike . boy # 1 come back here , you ! forrest begin to run faster with he brace on . forrest continue run as the boy chase he . blood drip down from a cut on he head . the boy on the bike be gain on forrest . forrest hobble along . he begin to gain speed . jenny run , forrest ! run ! slow motion -- forrest run from the chase room . he look over he shoulder in fear . the boy on the bike pedal faster as they gain on forrest , run . forrest try to run even faster to get away . suddenly he brace shatter , send steel and plastic fly into the air . forrest run and look down at he leg in surprise . forrest continue to run faster as the metal brace and strap fly off he leg . forrest run free of he brace and begin to pick up speed . the chase boy ride over the remain of forrest 's brace . forrest ( v.o. ) now , you would not believe it if I tell you . ext . savannah / bus bench - day forrest but I can run like the wind blow . the black woman continue to read she magazine . forrest smile as he remember . forrest from that day on , if I be go somewhere , I be run ! ext . oak alley - day ( 1954 ) forrest sprint away from the boy . the boy stop the chase and watch in disbelief . forrest be already at the far end of the road , clear of the chase boy . boy # 2 he 's gettin ' away ! stop he ! Boy # 1 throw he bike down in frustration . forrest run across a field . ext . country road forrest run past a chain gang in they prison uniform . they be cut at the weed on the side of the road . ext . greenbow forrest run across the street . the two old men sit in front of the barber shop . old crony that boy sure be a run fool . ext . jenny' house forrest run down a driveway toward Jenny 's small house . forrest ( v.o. ) now remember how I tell you that Jenny never seem to want to go home ? well , she live in a house that be as old as Alabama . her momma have go up to heaven when she be five and she daddy be some kind of a farmer . forrest knock on Jenny 's door . forrest Jenny ? Jenny ? forrest look around the field at the leave . he notice Jenny and run toward she . forrest ( v.o. ) he be a very lovin ' man . he be always kissing and touchin ' she and she sister . and then this one time , Jenny be not on the bus to go to school . forrest run to Jenny . forrest Jenny , why do not you come to school today ? jenny hsh ! daddy 's takin ' a nap . Jenny grab forrest 's hand and run into the field . Jenny 's dad drunk , step out onto the porch and shout . jenny' dad Jenny ! jenny come on ! jenny' dad Jenny , where would you run to ? you would better come back here , girl ! Jenny 's dad step out toward the field . Jenny lead forrest into the thick tobacco field . Jenny 's dad run through the field search for Jenny with a liquor bottle in he hand . jenny' dad where you at ? Jenny and forrest run into a corn field as Jenny 's dad try to chase she . jenny' dad Jenny ! Jenny ! where you at ? Jenny ! Jenny drop to she knee and pull forrest down with she . jenny pray with I , forrest . pray with I . jenny' dad Jenny ! jenny dear God , make I a bird so I can fly far , far , far away from here . dear God , make I a bird so I can fly far , far , far away from here . forrest ( v.o. ) momma always say that God be mysterious . jenny' dad Jenny ! get back here ! forrest ( v.o. ) he do not turn Jenny into a bird that day . instead ... ext . trailer park / alabama - day ( 1955 ) a police officer escort Jenny to she grandmother 's trailer . Jenny 's grandmother meet Jenny outside and lead she toward the trailer . forrest ( v.o. ) ...he have the police say Jenny do not have to stay in that house no more . she go to live with she grandma just over on creekmore Avenue , which make I happy ' cause she be so close . ext . gump house - night ( 1955 ) Jenny climb over a second - floor railing and enter the house . forrest ( v.o. ) some night , Jenny would sneak out and come over to my house , just ' cause she say she be scared . scare of what , I do not know ... int . gump house / forrest bedroom Jenny lie in bed next to young forrest . she hug he . forrest ( v.o. ) ... but I think it be she grandma 's dog . he be a mean dog . anyway , Jenny and I be best friend ... ext . greenbow / oak alley - day ( 1961 ) forrest and Jenny be teenager now . they walk along a oakline road . forrest ( v.o. ) ... all the way to high school . suddenly forrest be hit in the back with a rock . forrest and Jenny turn around . older boy # 1 hey , stupid ! jenny quit it ! a teenage boy throw another rock as a pickup truck pull up behind he . Jenny turn and look at forrest . jenny run , forrest , run ! older boy # 1 hey . do you hear I , stupid ? jenny run , forrest ! forrest drop he book and run down the road . the teenage boy jump into the back of the pickup truck with another boy as the truck speed after forrest . Jenny step leave and get out of the way . older boy # 2 come on , he 's get away ! move it ! jenny run , forrest ! run ! older boy # 1 you better be runnin ' , stupid . forrest run along the road . the truck speed after he . older boy # 2 come on , dummy ! older boy # 1 haul ass , dummy ! older Boy throw rock at forrest . older boy # 1 yeah , you better be runnin ' ! int . truck boy ya-hoo ! ext . oak alley the boy in the back of the truck throw rock at forrest as they drive up to he . older boy # 1 move it , jack rabbit ! the truck follow right on forrest 's heel . a rebel flag license plate adorn the truck 's grill . older boy # 1 come on ! forrest run along the road as the truck chase he . the boy in the back of the truck pound on the roof as the truck turn right , after forrest . the truck drive into a field . forrest run toward a fence . boy run! faster ! yeah ! go! go! come on , forrest ! yeah ! jenny run , forrest ! forrest leap over a five - foot fence as the boy try to catch he . ext . savannah / bus bench - day ( 1981 ) forrest look leave as he continue tell he life story . forrest now , it use to be , I run to get where I be goin ' . I never think it would take I anywhere . ext . high school / road - day ( 1961 ) forrest run along the road in front of the high school . the truck continue to chase he as the boy pound on the roof . older boy come on . whoo-hoo ! the truck speed past forrest as he turn from the road and run onto the high school football field . forrest run across the field during a football scrimmage . in the stand watch the scrimmage be the legendary University of Alabama football coach bear bryant , wear he trademark plaid hat . a group of assistant coaches sit around he , as well as the high school football coach . the quarterback throw the ball into the air . forrest run past the quarterback . the receiver catch the ball . forrest run past the receiver as a oppose player tackle the stunne receiver . the football coach stand , follow by the assistant coaches . football coach who in the hell be that ? high school coach that there be forrest gump . coach . just a local idiot . forrest run under the field goal post and through the end zone . forrest ( v.o. ) and can you believe it ? I get to go to college , too . ext . university of alabama stadium - day ( 1962 ) the crowd roar with excitement as a football be kick off . the football player run around on the field . the crowd of cheer fan create a huge sign that read : " go . " forrest be in a University of Alabama football uniform . he look up into the cheer crowd as he teammate field the kickoff . the teammate run over to forrest and hand he the ball . football coach okay ! run ! the football coach , the assistant , and Alabama player cheer for forrest . football coach run , you stupid son-of - a-bitch ! run ! forrest run across the field . he speed past the defend player . forrest run past the opposite player . the crowd cheer wildly , hold up card , make a large sign that read : " go . " they turn the card over , create the word : " alabama . " the football coach run along the sideline as he yell . football coach you stupid son-of - a-bitch ! run ! go! run! forrest cut and run toward the sideline . two oppose player collide . the football coach , the assistant and the player all motion for forrest to run toward the end zone . football coach run ! turn ! go! forrest turn up the sideline and run toward the end zone . some oppose player fall down . forrest run along the sideline . the oppose player try to catch he . forrest run into the end zone as a oppose player dive at he foot . the referee hold up he arm , signal a touch down . the crowd cheer wildly . forrest continue to run , smash through the band member , then all the way toward the team tunnel . the football coach look at a assistant coach . football coach he must be the stupidest son-of - a - bitch alive . but he sure be fast ! forrest ( v.o. ) now , maybe it be just I but college be very confusing time . int . greenbow / barber shot - black &amp ; white television ( JUNE 11 , 1963 ) a anchorman name chet huntley appear over the television . chet huntley ( on tv ) Federal troops enforce a court order integrate the University of Alabama today . ext . university of alabama - day forrest walk through a crowd of people . chet huntley Governor George wallace have carry out he symbolic threat to stand in the schoolhouse door . governor wallace we hereby denounce and forbid this illegal and unwarranted action by the central government . int . greenbow / barber shop a black &amp ; white television reveal George wallace as he stand in the doorway of the schoolhouse . katzenbach ( on tv ) Governor wallace , I take it from that , uh ... ext . university of alabama forrest step over to a young man as the crowd look at the demonstration . katzenbach ... statement that you be go to stand in that door , and that you be not go to carry out the order of this court , and that you be go to resist we from do so . I would ask you once again to responsibility step aside and if you do not , I be go to assure you ... forrest Earl , what 's go on ? earl coon be tryin ' to get into school . forrest coon ? when raccoon try to get on we back porch , momma just chase them off with a broom . earl not raccoon , you idiot , niggas . and they want to go to school with we . forrest with we ? they do ? forrest walk toward the schoolhouse . int . coach ' office a football coach look at a black and white television as a newsman outside the schoolhouse speak to the camera . newsman ( on tv ) ... block the doorway , President Kennedy order the Secretary of Defense then to use the military force . black and white footage the footage cut to Governor wallace as he speak to General Graham . newsman here by videotape be the encounter by General Graham , Commander of the National Guard , and Governor wallace . forrest stand next to George wallace and listen . governor wallace we must have no violence today , or any other day , because this National guardsman be here today as Federal Soldiers for alabaman . and they live within we border and they be all we brother . we be win in this fight because we be awaken the american people to the danger that we have speak about so many time , just so evident today , the trend toward military dictatorship in this country . ext . university of alabama some of the Alabama policeman and citizen clap they hand as the National guardsman stand at attention with they weapon in front of they . forrest walk through the crowd . two black student be be lead toward the schoolhouse . newsman and so at day 's end the University of Alabama in tuscaloosa have be desegregate and student Jimmy Hood and vivian malone have be sign up for summer class . the young black girl drop one of she book . forrest notice and step past the policeman toward the book on the ground . forrest step out from the crowd and pick up the book . he bring it up to the girl . forrest ma'am , you drop you book . ma'am . int . coach ' office - night ( 1963 ) a coach look at the television . the television reveal forrest as he stand at the schoolhouse door . he look around , then wave . chet huntley ( on tv ) Governor wallace do what he promise to do . by be on the tuscaloosa campus , he keep the mob from gather and prevent violence . a assistant coach look at the television , then at the other coaches . assistant coach say , be not that gump ? the football coach and two assistant coaches look . forrest dry himself off with a towel as he step from the shower . chet huntley ( on tv ) NBC News will present a special program on the Alabama integration story at 7:30 p.m. tonight ... assistant coach naw , that could not be . football coach it sure as hell be . chet huntley ... standard Eastern daylight time . now a word from anacin . forrest step up to the coaches ' area and grab a clean towel . the coaches turn and stare at forrest . forrest give they one of he silly wave , then walk away . color footage - Governor wallace wave to the crowd as he stand behind a podium with he wife . forrest ( v.o. ) a few year later , that angry little man at the schoolhouse door think it would be a good idea , and run for President . color footage - Governor wallace mingle in a crowd . gunshot be fire , wound he . some man wrestle the shooter . wallace lie wounded on the ground . forrest ( v.o. ) but , somebody think that it be not . ext . savannah / bus bench - day ( 1981 ) forrest sit on the bench as the black woman look at he . a white woman with a bay sit leave . forrest but he do not die . a bus pull up to the bus stop . the black woman look down at she watch . black woman my bus be here . forrest be it the number 9 ? black woman no , it 's the number 4 . the Black woman get up and step over to the bus . forrest it be nice talkin ' to you . the white woman sit closer to forrest . white woman I remember when that happen , when wallace get shot . I be in college . forrest do you go to a girl ' college , or to a girl ' and boy ' together college ? white woman it be co-e . forrest ' Cause Jenny go to a college I could not go to . it be a college just for girl . ext , girl ' college / jenny' dorm - night ( 1963 ) forrest sit outside Jenny 's dorm in the rain . forrest ( v.o. ) but , I would go and visit she every chance I get . a car pull up . a song be hear from the radio . forrest , hold a box of chocolate , look at the car . the two people inside the car begin to kiss and embrace each other . Jenny be inside the car with a boy . she lean back against the passenger side door as they struggle to get comfortable . jenny ouch ! that hurt . forrest get up and run toward the car . he try to look in the window as he step over to the driver 's side door . he open the door and begin to punch the boy inside . Jenny jump out of the car and run over to forrest . jenny forrest ! forrest ! forrest , stop it ! stop it ! billy Jesus ! jenny what be you do ? forrest he be hurtin ' you . Jenny 's date , name billy , get out of the car angrily . billy what the hell be go on here ? jenny no , he 's not ! billy who be that ? who be that ? jenny get over there ! Jenny turn and look at billy . he shove Jenny 's hand away from he . jenny billy , I be sorry . billy what in the hell , git , would you git away from I ! jenny do not ... wait a second ! billy git , just git away from I ! jenny do not go ! billy , wait a second ! billy get back into the car . jenny he do not know any better ! billy pull away as Jenny step toward forrest . jenny forrest , why would you do that ? forrest hold out the box of chocolate . forrest I bring you some chocolate . I be sorry . I will go back to my college now . jenny forrest , look at you ! come on . come on . Jenny grab forrest hand and lead he toward the dorm . int . jenny' dorm / hallway Jenny and forrest sneak to Jenny 's door . forrest be this you room ? jenny shh ! Jenny unlock the door and they step inside . int . jenny' dorm room Jenny pull a robe off of she sleep roommate 's bed . Jenny hand the robe to forrest , sit on Jenny 's bed . jenny do you ever dream , forrest , about who you be gonna be ? forrest who I be gonna be ? jenny yeah . forrest be not I go to be I ? jenny well , you will always be you , just another kind of you . you know ? I want to be famous . Jenny pick up a towel , then walk back toward forrest . Jenny dry the water from she hair . jenny I want to be a singer like Joan baez . I just want to be a empty stage with my guitar , my voice ... just I . Jenny take off she slip and sit on the bed next to he . she be only wear she bra and panty . forrest look at Jenny like he 's never see a woman in she underwear before . jenny and I want to reach people on a personal level . I want to be able to say thing , just one - to-one . forrest look down at Jenny 's breast . Jenny realize that he be look at she . jenny have you ever be with a girl , forrest ? forrest I sit next to they in my home economics class all the time . dj ( over radio ) you be listen to whhy in Birmingham , the clear a.m. voice of Northern Alabama . I be Joel dorn ... forrest look at Jenny as she remove she bra . forrest look away , a bit shame . Jenny take he hand and guide it up to she breast . dj ( over radio ) ... come to you on a night that be anything but clear . the weatherman say that rain 's gonna fall all night long so stay with we , get warm , get cozy , get under the cover to the cool sound of whhy . forrest look over at Jenny 's breast , the shudder as he have a orgasm . forrest ohh ... oh ... I be sorry . sorry . jenny it 's okay . dj ( over radio ) ...444 -6789 , with ya till sunrise , play the music you want to hear when you want to hear it . if you have a request or dedication , give we a call . we guarantee you will hear you request within one hour . forrest breathes heavily . Jenny put she bra back on . jenny it 's all right . Jenny lean over and put she head on forrest 's shoulder . dj ( over radio ) candy be on the line tonight . candy 's answer the phone , give candy you request , you dedication , and ask she why she will not go out with I , would you ? here 's more music . jenny it 's okay . forrest oh , I be dizzy . a song be come over the radio . Jenny hug forrest . jenny I bet that never happen in home ec . forrest no . Jenny laugh and kiss forrest on the cheek . forrest and Jenny hug on the bed as Jenny 's roommate pretend to be asleep , but be listen , horrify , with she eye open . forrest I think I ruin you roommate 's bathrobe . jenny I do not care . I do not like she , anyway . ext . university of alabama / football stadium - day ( 1963 ) forrest run across the field as the defend team chase he . the crowd yell for forrest . they flip a sign that read : " go forrest . " crowd run ! run! run! forrest run along the field . the crowd cheer . crowd run ! run! run! forrest run into the end zone . the band member rush toward forrest with they hand up , signal he to stop . the crowd flip over card , create a sign that read " stop . " crowd stop ! forrest stop in the end zone as he hear the crowd yell . the band motion for forrest to stop and stay in the end zone . a group of defend player fall over each other in the end zone . forrest look as the crowd cheer wildly . forrest ( v.o. ) College run by real fast ' cause I play so much football . black and white paramount newsreel - day ( 1963 ) the White House with the word " the eye and ear of the world paramount News " superimpose . forrest ( v.o. ) they even put I on a thing call the all - America team where you get to meet the President of the United States . black and white newsreel president kennedy hold a autograph football as the all- american team stand behind he . forrest be among the player in suit . announcer ( over newsreel ) President Kennedy meet with the collegiate all - american football team at the oval Office today . int . white house reception area - day ( 1963 ) the all - american player mingle around the food table . forrest step up to the table . a large spread of food and soda be on the table . forrest ( v.o. ) now , the real good thing about meeting the President of the United States be the food . forrest take a bottle of Dr. pepper from the buffet table . numerous bottle of Dr. pepper be display on the table . a servant open the bottle for he . forrest ( v.o. ) they put you in this little room with just about anything you would want to eat or drink . and since number one , I be not hungry , but thirsty ... forrest begin to guzzle the Dr. pepper . forrest ( v.o. ) ... and number two , they be free , I musta drank I about fifteen Dr. pepper . forrest set down a empty Dr. pepper bottle next to a large number of other empty bottle . forrest hold he stomach and burp . black and white footage - President Kennedy shake hand with the all - american football player . president kennedy congratulation . how do it feel to be a all - american ? 1st player it 's a honor , Sir . another player step up to the President and shake the President 's hand . president kennedy congratulation . how do it feel to be a all - american ? 2 nd player very good , Sir . president kennedy congratulation . how do it feel to be a all - american ? 3rd player very good , Sir . the player walk away . forrest step up to the President . the President shake he hand . president kennedy congratulation . how do you feel ? forrest I gotta pee . President Kennedy turn and smile . president kennedy I believe he say he have to go pee . int . white house / bathroom forrest urinate in the bathroom , then lower the lid and flash . forrest wash he hand , then notice a autograph photo from Marilyn Monroe and a photo of John with he brother Bobby . forrest ( v.o. ) sometime later , for no particular reason , somebody shot that nice young President when he be ridin ' in he car . archival footage - day slow motion - President Kennedy rise in a convertible and smile . forrest and a few year after that ... archival footage - Robert Kennedy stand at a podium as people around he applaud . forrest ( v.o. ) ... somebody shot he little brother , too , only he be in a hotel kitchen . ext . savannha / bus bench - day ( 1981 ) forrest sit on the bench and shake he head . forrest it must be hard be brother . I would not know . ext . university of alabama - day - graduation day ( 1966 ) student in they cap and gowns step forward the podium to receive they diploma . forrest 's name be call . he step up and accept he diploma . dean forrest gump . forrest ( v.o. ) now can you believe it ? after only five year of play football , I get a college degree . the dean shake forrest 's hand vigorously . forrest look out into the crowd . dean congratulation , son . Mrs. gump , sit in the audience , cry . forrest ( v.o. ) momma be proud . forrest and Mrs. gump have they picure take in front of a large statue . a military recruiter spot forrest and step up to he . mrs . gump forrest , I be so proud of you . here , I will hold this for you . Mrs. gump take the diploma from forrest . the recruiter slap forrest on the shoulder and hand he some military literature . military recruiter congratulation , son . have you give any think to you future ? forrest think ? forrest look at a pamphlet with a photo of " uncle Sam " and the caption " excellent career for excellent young man . apply now at you local U.S. Army recruiting Center . " forrest ( v.o. ) hello , I be forrest ... int . army bus - day ( 1966 ) forrest step onto the army bus . rain pour outside as the army bus driver yell at forrest . forrest ... forrest gump . army bus driver nobody give a hunk of shit who you be , fuzzball ! you be not even a lowlife scum suck maggot ! get you faggoty ass on the bus . you be in the Army now ! forrest be about to sit on the first available seat , but the recruit sit there refuse forrest . recruit # 1 this seat 's take . forrest try to sit on the next seat , but the 2nd recruit slide over , block he . recruit # 2 it 's take . forrest step forward , look much like he do on he first bus ride to school year ago . forrest ( v.o . ) at first , it seem like I make a mistake . a large black recruit with a strange look on he face , much like forrest 's , look up from he seat . his name be bubba . forrest ( v.o. ) ... see how it be my induction day and I be already gettin ' yell at . bubba move he case over , make room for forrest to sit down . bubba you can sit down ... if you want to . forrest ( v.o. ) I do not know who I might meet or what they might ask . bubba hand forrest a handkerchief . bubba you ever be on a real shrimp boat ? forrest no , but I be on a real big boat . bubba I be talkin ' about a shrimp catchin ' boat . I have be workin ' on shrimp boat all my life . I start out my uncle 's boat , that 's my mother 's brother , when I be about maybe nine . I be just lookin ' into buyin ' a boat of my own and get draft . my give name be Benjamin buford Blue . bubba and forrest shake hand . bubba people call I bubba . just like one of they redneck boy . can you believe that ? forrest my name 's forrest gump . people call I forrest gump . forrest ( v.o. ) so bubba be from bayou La batre , Alabama , and he momma cook shrimp . int . louisiana / kitchen - day ( 1966 ) bubba 's mother , a robust woman in a cook 's uniform , carry a bowl of shrimp into a dining room . she set it down on a table in front of a wealthy white man . forrest ( v.o. ) and she momma before she cook shrimp . int . somewhere in the south / kitchen - day ( early day of slavery ) bubba 's grandmother carry a bowl of shrimp into a dining room . she set it down on a table in front of a wealthy white man . forrest ( v.o. ) and she momma before she momma cook shrimp , too . bubba 's family know everything ... int . army bus - day ( 1966 ) forrest ( v.o. ) ... there be to know about the shrimpin ' business . bubba I know everything there be to know about the shrimpin ' business . matter of fact , I be goin ' into the shrimpin ' business for myself after I get out the Army . forrest okay . int . barracks - day a drill sergeant be in forrest 's face as forrest stand in line with the other recruit . drill sergeant gump ! what 's you sole purpose in this Army ? forrest to do whatever you tell I , drill sergeant ! drill sergeant godamnit , gump ! you be a goddamn genius ! that 's the most outstanding answer I have ever hear . you must have a godamn i.q. of a hundred and sixty ! you be godamn gift , private gump ! the drill sergeant move down the line to the next man . drill sergeant listen up , people ... forrest ( v.o. ) now , for some reason , I fit in the Army like one of they round peg . it 's not really hard . you just make you bed real neat and remember to stand up straight . drill sergeant that be one very intelligent individual ! you lock you scuzzy body up behind that private and do exactly what he do and you will go far in this man 's army ! forrest ( v.o. ) and always answer every question with " yes , drill sergeant ! " drill sergeant be that clear ? forrest &amp ; recruit yes , drill sergeant ! another day the recruit be sit at the base of they bunk assemble they rifle . bubba speak to forrest . bubba what you do be you just drag you net across the bottom . on a good day , you can catch over a hundred pound of shrimp . if everything go all right , two man shrimpin ' ten hour , less what you spend on gas , you can ... forrest finish assemble he rifle as the other recruit be still work on theirs . forrest done , drill sergeant ! drill sergeant gump ! the drill sergeant rush up to forrest . drill sergeant why do you put that weapon together so quickly , gump ? forrest you tell I to , drill sergeant . the drill sergeant look at he stop watch . drill sergeant Jesus Christ ! this be a new company record . if it would not be a waste of such a damn fine enlist man , I would recommend you for o.c.s. , private gump . you be gonna be a General some day , gump ! now , disassemble you weapon and continue ! the drill sergeant walk away as forrest begin to disassemble he rifle . after the drill sergeant walk past bubba , bubba look up at forrest . bubba continue talk about shrimp in he slow southern drawl . bubba anyway , like I be sayin ' , shrimp be the fruit of the sea . you can barbecue it , boil it , broil it , bake it , saute it . there , uh , shrimp kabob , shrimp creole ... another day bubba and forrest shine they boot . bubba ... shrimp gumbo , panfry , deep fry , stir fry . there 's pineapple shrimp , lemon shrimp , coconut shrimp , pepper shrimp ... another day bubba and forrest be on they hand and knee as they scrub the floor with toothbrush . bubba ... shrimp soup , shrimp stew , shrimp salad , shrimp and potato , shrimp burger , shrimp sandwich ... that 's , that 's about it . night bubba lie in he bunk and look up quietly . forrest ( v.o. ) nighttime in the Army be a lovely time . forrest lie in he bunk and look up . forrest ( v.o. ) we would lay there in we bunk , and I would miss my momma . and I would miss Jenny . a young private toss a playboy magazine onto forrest . young private hey , gump . get a load of the tit on she ! forrest pick up the magazine and turn the page , revealing Jenny as she pose with a school sweater on , and that 's all . the pictorial be title : " Girls of the South . " forrest look up with shock . he crane he head up for a closer look . forrest ( v.o. ) turn out , Jenny have get into some trouble over ... some photo of she in she college sweater . and she be throw out of school . song " my baby do the hanky - panky ... " int . nashville / night club - night ( 1966 ) forrest , in he army uniform , step into the foyer of the club . forrest ( v.o . ) but that be not a bad thing . because a man who own a theater in Memphis , Tennessee , see that photo and offer Jenny a job sing in a show . the first chance I get , I take the bus up to Memphis to see she perform in that show . emcee step out onto the stage . emcee that be amber , amber flame . give she a big hand , guy . good job , amber . and now , for you listen and view pleasure , direct from Hollywood , California , we very own beatnik beauty , let 's give a big round of applause to the luscious bobbie Dylan . crowd bobbie ... bobbie ... the emcee walk back off the stage and the curtain open , revealing Jenny as she sit on a stool on the stage . she hold a guitar up and begin to play . she be topless . jenny ( sing ) " yes , and how many seas must the white dove say , before she sleep in the sand . " forrest ( v.o. ) her dream have come true . she be a folk singer . jenny ( sing ) " yes , how many time must the cannonballs fly before they be forever ban . " man # 1 you gotta lose the guitar , darling . man # 2 hey , come on , baby . shake it up . shake it up now . man # 3 hey , somebody ought to get she a harmonica . the man laugh . jenny ( sing ) " the answer , my friend be blow in the wind . the answer be blow in ... man # ...skin , honey . this be not Captain kangaroo . men yeah ! come on ! man # 5 reach up and try to stick some money in Jenny 's shoe . man # 5 : hey , honey , I get something here for you . Jenny kick he hand . he yell angrily as he sit back down , then toss he drink on she . man # 5 goddamnit ! jenny hey ! hey ! stupid jerk ! I be sing a song here . polly , get out here ! man # hey , show we some stuff , honey ! jenny shut up ! oh , shut up ! forrest walk up to man # 5 and grab he and toss he down on the ground . man # 4 try to grab forrest , but forrest shove he down too . jenny forrest , what be you do here ? what be you do ? forrest climb up onto the stage and pick Jenny up , guitar and all , and carry she . forrest come on . jenny what be you do ? forrest , let I down ! Jenny struggle and frees herself from forrest . forrest step back in surprise . Jenny shove the guitar at forrest . Jenny walk off as forrest hold the guitar . he follow after she . ext . memphis bridge - night forrest follow Jenny over a bridge outside the night club . jenny you can not keep do this , forrest . you can not keep tryin ' to rescue I all the time . forrest they be tryin ' to grab you . jenny a lot of people try to grab I . just -- you can not keep do this all the time ! forrest I can not help it . I love you . jenny forrest , you do not know what love be . Jenny turn and look over the bridge . jenny you remember that time we pray , forrest ? we pray for God to turn I into a bird so I could fly far , far away ? forrest yes , I do . jenny you think I can fly off this bridge ? forrest what do you mean , Jenny ? jenny nothing . Jenny turn and look at the light of a approach vehicle . she step into the street . jenny I gotta get outta here . Jenny run and flag down the approach vehicle . forrest but wait . Jenny ! jenny forrest , you stay away from I , okay ? you just stay away from I , please . a pickup truck pull over as Jenny look at the driver . jenny can I have a ride ? driver where you go ? jenny I do not care . driver get in the truck . forrest so bye-bye , Jenny . they sendin ' I to Vietnam . it 's this whole other country . Jenny walk toward forrest . she look at the driver . jenny just hang on a minute . Jenny walk up to forrest . jenny listen , you promise I something , okay ? just if you be ever in trouble , do not try to be brave , you just run , okay ? just run away . forrest okay . Jenny , I will write you all the time . Jenny take a last look at forrest , then climb into the truck . forrest watch Jenny in the pickup as it drive away . forrest ( v.o. ) and just like that . ext . greenbow / gump boarding house / river - day forrest , dress in he uniform , sit on a log and look out at a river . forrest ( v.o. ) ... she be go . Mrs. gump walk toward forrest and sit down next to he on the log . forrest lean down , place he head on he mother 's shoulder . mrs . gump you come back safe to I , do ya hear ? ext . vietnam / mekong delta - morning ( 1967 ) the shadow of a helicopter over the rice field below . a soldier be man a gun from inside the helicopter . the solider look leave , forrest and bubba ride in the helicopter . ext . firebase/4th platoon the helicopter circle overhead , then land at the firebase . song " some folk be bear make to wave the flag . ooh , they be red , white and blue . and when the band play " hail to the Chief , " ohh , they point the cannon at you all . it be not I . it be not I . I be not no Senator 's son , no . it be not I . it be not I ... " bubba and forrest jump out of the helicopter with they gear / they walk and look around oddly . forrest ( v.o. ) now , they tell we that Vietnam be gonna be very different from the United sate of America . the soldier place a case of beer on a large stack of case . he take two beer out and walk away . in the background , soldier be barbecue steak and drink beer . forrest ( v.o. ) except for all the beer can and the barbecue , it be . bubba y'know , I bet there 's shrimp all in this water . they tell I this vietnam be good shrimp . you know , after we win this war , and we take over everything we can get american shrimper to come on here and shrimp this water . we will just shrimp all the time , man . so much shrimp , why , you would not believe it . Lieutenant dan taylor step out of a tent . shirtless , he hold a roll of toilet paper in he hand . lo. dan you must be my f.n.g .'s . bubba and forrest Morning ' , sir ! lo. dan Ho ! get you hand down . do not salute I . there be goddamn sniper all around this area who would love to grease a officer . I be Lieutenant Dan Taylor . welcome to fourth platoon . Lt. Dan look at bubba . lo. dan what 's wrong with you lip ? bubba I be bear with big gum , sir . lo. dan yeah , well , you better tuck that in . gonna get that catch on a trip wire . where you boy from in the world ? bubba &amp ; forrest Alabama , sir ! lo. dan you twin ? forrest and bubba look at each other oddly , they do not get the joke . forrest no , we be not relation , sir . lo. dan look , it 's pretty basic here . Lt. Dan start to walk . bubba and forrest grab they gear and follow he . lo. dan you stick with I , you learn from the guy who be in country awhile , you will be right . there be one item of g.i. gear that can be the difference between a live grunt and a dead grunt . Lt. Dan stop and look at the boy . lo. dan sock , cushion , sole , o.d. green . try and keep you foot dry when we be out humpin' . I want you boy to remember to change you sock wherever we stop . the Mekong will eat a grunt 's foot right off he leg . Lt. Dan step over to a large black soldier name sergeant sim . lo. dan sergeant sim ! goddamnit , where be that sling - rope I tell you to order . sgt . sim I put in requisition at battalion . lo. dan yeah , yeah , yeah , well you call that sonabitch again , call they again and again and again . I do not care how much it take ... forrest ( v.o. ) Lt. Dan sure know he stuff . I feel real lucky he be my lieutenant . he be from a long , great military tradition . somebody in he family have fight and die in every single american war . ext . valley forge / the revolutionary war - day ( 1778 ) a distant relative of Lt. Dan 's , wear a revolutionary war uniform , fall dead in the snow . ext . gettysburg / the civil war - day ( 1863 ) another relative , wear a civil war uniform and bear a strike resemblance to Lt. Dan , fall down dead . ext . normandy / world war ii - day ( 1944 ) another relative , wear a World War ii , fall down dead on the beach at normandy . ext . vetnam / mekong delta / firebase - day ( 1967 ) lo. dan goddamnit , kick some ass ! sgt . sim I be on it , Lieutenant . lo. dan get on it ! Lt. Dan step back up to bubba and forrest . forrest ( v.o. ) I guess you could say he have a lot to live up to . Lt. Dan walk along the walkway and bubba and forrest follow . lo. dan so , you boy be from Arkansas , huh ? well , I have be through there . Little rock 's a fine town . now , go shake down you gear , see the platoon sergeant , draw what you need for the field . Lt. Dan step inside the latrine , still hold the roll of toilet paper . lo. dan if you boy be hungry , we get steak burnin ' right here . Lt. Dan sit down out of sight in the latrine , then stand up , look at the boy . lo. dan two stand order in this platoon . one , take good care of you foot . two , try not to do anything stupid , like gettin ' yourself kill . Lt. Dan sit back down out of sight in the latrine . bubba and forrest look at each other . forrest I sure hope I do not let he down . ext . rice field - another day forrest , bubba , and other soldier in the fourth platoon walk across the rice field . some vietnamese rice farmer be work as the soldier walk past . forrest ( v.o. ) I get to see a lot of countryside . we would take this real long walk . ext . jungle / dirt road - another day forrest 's unit walk along a dirt road . song and we be always lookin ' for this guy name Charlie . I can not get no relief . suddenly Lt. Dan hold up he fist , a signal for the unit to stop . he motion for they to get down . lo. dan hold it up ! sgt . sim hold up , boy ! forrest get down and look around . forrest ( v.o . ) it be not always fun . Lt. Dan always gettin ' this funny feeling about a rock or a trail , or the road , so he would tell you to get down , shut up ! lo. dan get down ! shut up ! forrest ( v.o. ) so we do . Lt. Dan motion for the lead soldier to get down . Lt. Dan crouch down . Lt. Dan look at the soldier and point to he eye . he lie down on the dirt road and crawl . forrest ( v.o. ) now , I do not know much about anything , but I think some of american 's best young man serve in this war . there be Dallas , from Phoenix . Cleveland , he be from Detroit . cleveland hey , tex . hey , tex. man , what the hell 's go on ? tex hold up he hand , motion that he do not know . forrest ( v.o. ) and tex be , well , I do not remember where tex come from . lo. dan ah , nothin ' . fourth platoon , on you foot ! still get ten click to go to that river . forrest stand up and begin to walk with the platoon . lo. dan all right , move out ! comin ' out . look alive out there . forrest ( v.o. ) the good thing about Vietnam be there be always someplace to go . lo. dan ( v.o. ) Fire in the hole ! ext . vietnam / viet cong foxhole - another day Lt. Dan walk away as forrest rush over , aim two pistol in the hole , then climb inside . forrest ( v.o. ) and there be always something to do . lo. dan mount them up . sgt . sim spread out ! cover he back . another day - the platoon walk through a rice paddy , wait deep in water . it begin to rain . forrest ( v.o. ) one day it start raining , and it do not quit for four month . ext . jungle the rain pour down on forrest and bubba as they sit in a foxhole . forrest ( v.o. ) we be through every kind of rain there be . Little bitty stingin ' rain ... another day - the platoon walk through the jungle as rain pour down on they . forrest ( v.o. ) ... and big ol ' fat rain . another day - the platoon shelter themselves as they walk through the wind and rain . forrest ( v.o. ) rain that fly in sideways . another day - forrest and other soldier walk chest - deep through a river . the rain splatter back up from the river , hit the soldier . forrest hold he hand up to protect he face . forrest ( v.o. ) and sometimes rain even seem to come straight up from underneath . ext . encampment - night the rain pour down on the man of the platoon as they sit in a camp . bubba sit down next to forrest . forrest ( v.o. ) shoot , it even rain at night . bubba lean he back up against forrest 's back . bubba hey forrest ... forrest hey bubba ... bubba I be gonna lean up against you , you just lean right back against I . bubba this way , we do not have to sleep with we head in the mud . you know why we a good partnership , forrest ? ' Cause we be watchin ' out for one another . like brother and stuff . hey , forrest , there 's something ' I have be thinkin ' about . I get a very important question to ask you . how would you like to go into the shrimpin ' business with I ? forrest okay . bubba man , I tell you what , I get it all figure out , too . so many pound of shrimp to pay off the boat , so many pound for gas , we can just live right on the boat . we be not get to pay no rent . I will be the captain ; we can just work it together . Split everything right down the middle . man , I be tellin ' you , fifty - fifty . and , hey , forrest , all the shrimp you can get . forrest that 's a fine idea . forrest ( v.o. ) bubba do have a fine idea . another night - some soldier patrol the area . forrest lie in a pup tent and write a litter as the rain pour down . he use he flashlight to see . forrest ( v.o. ) I even write Jenny and tell she all about it . I send she letter . not every day , but almost . I tell she what I be doin ' and ask she what she be do , and I tell she how I think about she always . ext . jenny' grandmother' trailer - day Jenny step out of the trailer with a backpack and a guitar . she hug a hippie guy , then jump into the back of a volkswagen bus with another guy . forrest ( v.o. ) and how I be look forward to get a letter from she just as soon as she have the time I would always let she know that I be okay . ext . vietnam - night forrest write a letter in he tent . forrest ( v.o. ) then I would sign each letter , " Love , forrest gump . " ext . jungle - day the fourth platoon make they way through the jungle and rain . song " there 's something happenin ' here . what it be be not exactly clear . there 's a man with a gun over there , tell ' I I get to beware . " forrest ( v.o. ) this one day , we be out walk , like always , and then , just like that , somebody turn off the rain and the sun come out . forrest look up as the sun suddenly appear . forrest 's platoon be attack . a bullet kill the soldier stand next to forrest . bomb explode all around as the soldier scramble to the ground . lo. dan take cover ! forrest crawl over a berm as bullet fly overhead and explode all around he . forrest roll over and pull he pack off Lt. Dan lie next to forrest . lo. dan get that pig up here , goddammit ! bubba forrest , you okay ? two soldier with a machine gun fire into the jungle . Lt. Dan shout into the radio . forrest begin fire he weapon into the jungle . lo. dan ... strongarm , please be advise ... two soldier pull a wounded soldier into the jungle . bubba medic , we get a man down ! lo. dan strongarm , this be leg lima 6 , over ! lo. dan Roger , strongarm , be advise we have income from the treeline at point blue plus two . a.k 's and rocket ... the machine gunner fire into the treeline . another soldier help he with the ammunition . the machine gun jam . soldier with big machine gun misfire ! misfire ! lo. dan goddammit , Mac ! get that pig unfucked and get it in the treeline ! a rocket explode on the machine gunner and the other soldier , kill they . forrest look down and cover he head as rocket explode all around he . lo. dan ( into radio ) ah , Jesus ! my unit be down hard and hurt ! 6 pull back to the blue line , leg lima 6 out ! pull back ! pull back ! bubba forrest ! run! run , forrest ! lo. dan pull back ! bubba forrest ! run ! run , forrest ! run! run! sgt . sim pull back ! let 's go ! Lt. Dan get up and grab forrest by the collar . lo. dan run , goddammit , run ! the platoon get up and run toward the cover of the jungle . rocket explode all around the field . forrest run into the jungle . the soldier run through the jungle as bullet explode all around . a soldier be blow up by a rocket . a soldier run through the jungle . forrest run past the soldier . soldier medic ! medic ! Jesus , can I get a medic ? forrest ( v.o. ) I run and run , just like Jenny tell I to . rocket explode in the jungle as forrest run out toward a clear . forrest ( v.o. ) I run so far and so fast that pretty soon I be all by myself , which be a bad thing . forrest bubba ! forrest turn around , then run back into the jungle . forrest ( v.o. ) bubba be my best good friend . I have to make sure he be okay . rocket explode in the jungle . forrest run back into the jungle to look for bubba . 1st soldier any friendly out there ? 2 nd soldier yeah , I have get three over there . 1st soldier where the hell be you ? forrest stop and aim he weapon . he look around , scared . forrest bubba ? something move . forrest turn and look , then rush over . forrest ( v.o. ) and on my way back to find bubba , well , there be this boy lay on the ground . forrest tex ! tex lie on the ground , he face distort with pain . forrest okay . forrest reach down and pick up tex from the ground . forrest pull tex up over he shoulder , then run . forrest ( v.o. ) I could not just let he lay there all alone , scared the way he be , so I grab he up and run he out of there . forrest carry tex out of the jungle and into the clear . he set tex down on the bank of a river , and run back into the jungle . forrest ( v.o. ) and every time I go back look for bubba , somebody else be say , " help I , forrest . help I . " forrest drop another wounded soldier down at the bank of the river next to tex , and then run back toward the jungle . forrest grab the third wounded soldier up from the ground and turn he over . it be dallas . dallas can not hear ... can not hear ... Dallas be drop off at the bank next to the other wounded soldier . forrest turn to go back to the jungle . 2 nd wounded soldier no sweat , man . just lay back . you be gonna be okay . you be gonna be okay . forrest ( v.o. ) I start to get scared that I might never find bubba . strongarm ( over radio ) you be danger close for crack air , over . forrest trip over something and fall to the ground . he look up to find two bloody leg . it be Lt. Dan , who be wounded . he speak into the radio . lo. dan ( into radio ) Roger , strongarm , I know my position be danger close ! we get Charlie all over this area ! I gotta have that fast mover in here now ! over ! strongarm ( over radio ) six , strongarm , we want ... forrest Lieutenant Dan , coleman 's dead ! lo. dan I know he 's dead ! my whole goddamn platoon be wipe out ! strongarm ( over radio ) leg lima 6 , leg lima 6 , how copy you this transmission ? over . forrest try to pick up Lt. Dan , who try to push forrest away . lo. dan goddammit ! what be you do ? leave I here ! get away . just leave I here ! get out ! forrest pull Lt. Dan over he shoulder and run through the jungle . strongarm leg lima 6 , leg lima 6 . this be strongarm , be advise , you fast mover be inbound at this time , over . forrest ( v.o. ) then it feel like something just jump up and bit I . forrest fall down . forrest ah , something bit I ! forrest get up as Lt. Dan yell . Lt. Dan fire he pistol at the unseen enemy as forrest pull he away . lo. dan you dink son-of - a-bitch ! I can not leave the platoon ! I tell you to leave I there , gump . forget about I . get yourself out ! do you hear what I say ! goddammit , pull I down ! get you ass out of here ! forrest drop Lt. Dan down at the bank , next to the other wounded soldier . Lt. Dan grab forrest by the shirt , angry . lo. dan I do not ask you to pull I out of there , goddamn you ! what the hell do you think you be go ? forrest to get bubba . lo. dan I get a air strike inbound right now . they be gonna nape the whole area . forrest get up and run as Lt. Dan yell after he . lo. dan gump , you stay here , goddammit ! that 's a order ! forrest I gotta find bubba ! forrest run through the jungle search for bubba . forrest slow down and look around carefully . bubba forrest ... forrest bubba ... bubba look up as he lie on the ground . bubba I be okay . bubba hold a palm frond over he wound . forrest remove the frond to look at the wound . bubba 's chest have be blow open . forrest oh , bubba , no ... bubba naw , I be gonna be all right . forrest look around as he hear the voice of the enemy . forrest come on . come on . come here ... forrest carry bubba through the jungle . the sound of approach plane fill the air . bubba I be okay , forrest . I be all right . the roar of approach plane be deafen . forrest look up in fear . Three plane dive down toward the jungle . they fire napalm as the jungle explode with massive fireballs . forrest run , carry bubba . the fireballs explode behind he . the entire jungle area be in flame as forrest run . forrest carry bubba to the bank of the river . Lt. Dan and the other wounded soldier wait for a rescue helicopter . lo. dan helo 's inbound . pop smoke , get it up there ! forrest ( v.o. ) if I would a know this be gonna be the last time I and bubba be gonna talk , I would a think of something better to say . forrest look down at bubba . a soldier release a smoke canister . forrest hey , bubba ... bubba hey , forrest . forrest , why would this happen ? forrest you get shot . forrest ( v.o. ) then bubba say something I will not even forget . bubba I wanna go home . forrest ( v.o. ) bubba be my best good friend . and even I know that be not something you can find just around the corner . bubba be gonna be a shrimpin ' boat captain , but instead he die right there by that river in Vietnam . the helicopter fly overhead . bus station - day forrest continue with he life story . a man be sit next to forrest on the bus bench . forrest that 's all I have to say about that . man it be a bullet , be not it ? forrest a bullet ? man that jump up and bit you . forrest oh , yes sir . bit I directly in the buttock . they say it be a million dollar wound , but the Army must keep that money , ' cause I still be not see a nickel of that million dollar . the only good thing about be wounded in the buttock ... flashback - int . US . army hospital / vietnam - day forrest hold two ice cream cone in he hand as he be wheeled on a roll stretcher . forrest ( v.o. ) ... be the ice cream . they give I all the ice cream I could eat . and guess what . a good friend of mine be in the bed right next door . forrest , lie on he stomach , be wheeled to he bed . forrest 's butt stick up and be bandage . forrest look at Lt. Dan lie on the bed . forrest hold out a ice cream cone for Lt. dan. forrest Lieutenant Dan , I get you some ice cream . Lieutenant Dan , ice cream . Lt. Dan , annoyed , take the ice cream cone and drop it into he bed pan . forrest slide himself onto he bed . a nurse reach toward Lt. Dan . male nurse it 's time for you bath , Lieutenant . the male nurse place Lt. Dan 's hand on a pull - up bar , then pick up Lt. Dan , whose leg have be amputate . male nurse harper ... another nurse wheel the roll bed under Lt. Dan . the male nurse set Lt. Dan down on the roll bed . forrest look up at Lt. Dan as he be wheeled away . a soldier read the name from a pile of letter . soldier Cooper , Larson , webster , gump , gump ... forrest I be forrest gump . the soldier hand forrest a large pile of letter . " undeliverable as address . no forward order on file . " Jenny curran rural Route 2 greenbow , ala. 39902 forrest look down at the pile of letter . int . army hospital / vietnam - day a group of wounded soldier hang out in the hospital , recuperate . forrest sit and watch " gomer pyle " on the television . soldier gump , how can you watch that stupid shit ? turn it off ! announcer from the d.m.z. to the Delta , you be tune to the american force Vietnam Network . this be Channel 6 , saigon . forrest turn the tv off and he be hit on the back of the head by a ping - pong ball . soldier good catch , gump . you know how to play this ? forrest shake he head . soldier come on , let I show you . here . the wounded ping - pong player hand forrest a paddle . forrest and the wounded ping - pong player step toward the ping - pong table . soldier now the secret to this game be , no matter what happen , never , never take you eye off the ball . he hold the ball up and move it back and forth . forrest keep he eye on the ball . soldier all right ... the wounded ping - pong player toss the ball down onto the table . forrest begin to hit the ball back to the other player . forrest ( v.o. ) for some reason , ping pong come very natural to I . soldier see , any idiot can play . forrest ( v.o. ) so I start play it all the time . forrest hit ping - pong ball . forrest ( v.o. ) I play ping - pong even when I do not have anyone to play ping - pong with . the ball at land in a bed pan position on a chair . a group of wounded soldier sit and watch forrest play with himself . forrest hit two ball at a time against the opposite side of the table . forrest ( v.o. ) the hospital 's people say it make I look like a duck in water , whatever that mean . even Lieutenant Dan would come and watch I play . Lt. Dan stare out the window . forrest lie in he bed asleep . a hand reach and grab he . forrest ( v.o. ) I play ping - pong so much , I even play it in my sleep . Lt. Dan pull forrest to the floor , and hold forrest down . lo. dan now , you listen to I . we all have a destiny . nothing just happen , it 's all part of a plan . I should have die out there with my man ! but now , I be nothing but a goddamn cripple ! a legless freak . look ! look ! look at I ! do you see that ? do you know what it 's like not to be able to use you leg ? forrest well ... yes , sir , I do . lo. dan do you hear what I say ? you cheat I . I have a destiny . I be suppose to die in the field ! with honor ! that be my destiny ! and you cheat I out of it ! you understand what I be say , gump ? this be not suppose to happen . not to I . I have a destiny . I be Lieutenant Dan Tyler . forrest yo - you be still Lieutenant Dan . Lt. Dan look at forrest , let go of forrest and roll . Lt. Dan sit up as forrest look at he . lo. dan look at I . what be I gonna do now ? what be I gonna do now ? int . rec room / vietnam hospital - another day forrest play ping - pong by himself . a officer walk up to he . officer p.f.c. gump ? forrest immediately grab the ball and place it down on the table under its paddle . stands at attention . forrest yes , sir ! officer as you be . the officer hold up a envelope . officer Son , you have be award the Medal of honor . int . vietnam hospital ward forrest step up to Lt. Dan 's bed . forrest guess what , Lieutenant Dan , they want to give I a I ... forrest stop in mid-sentence as he look down at the bed . a heavily bandage soldier with bloodstain lie there . forrest turn and look at the nurse . forrest ma'am , what would they do with Lieutenant Dan ? nurse they send he home . forrest ( v.o. ) two week later , I leave Vietnam . int . barber shop / greenbow - day anchorman ( on t.v. ) the ceremony be kick off with a candid speech by the President regard the need for further escalation of the war in Vietnam . President Johnson award four medal of honor to man from each of the armed service . the television reveal forrest as he be award the Medal of honor by President Johnson . president johnson America owe you a debt of gratitude , son . Color footage revealing President Johnson as he place the award around forrest 's neck and shake hand . president johnson I understand you be wounded . where be you hit ? forrest in the buttock , sir . president johnson oh , that must be a sight . President Johnson lean and whisper into forrest 's ear . president johnson I would kinda like to see that . int . barber shop the television revealing forrest as he drop he pants , bend over and show the bullet wound on he bare buttock . President Johnson look down and smile . the three man in the barber shop look up in disbelief . Mrs. gump look up in shock . president johnson goddamn , son . ext . lincoln memorial - day forrest walk by the lincoln Memorial . a fence surround the Memorial , as well as armed military guard . forrest ( v.o. ) after that , momma go to the hotel to lay down , so I go out for a walk to see we national capital . isabel Hilary , all right , I have get the vet , what do you want I to do with they ? hilary what be you do here so late ? forrest take a photo of the memorial as a woman name Hilary gather together some veteran against the Vietnam War . hilary we have be wait for you for half a hour , so just get they in a line , will you . hey , hey , come on , picture later . you look great . oh come on , get in this line , come on , come on right in line . come on , let he here , let he in here . Hilary grab forrest and put he in the line with the other vet against the war . forrest ( v.o. ) it 's a good thing momma be rest , ' cause the street be awful crowded with people look at all the statue and monument . and some of they people be loud and pushy . Hilary lead the line of vet toward the large anti-vietnam War rally . hilary okay , follow I ! come on . the group of vet walk as forrest try to take another picture . a vet behind he push he along . hilary let 's move it out . vet hey , buddy , come on . we could use you help . forrest walk in the line . a banner read " Veteran against the War in Vietnam . " forrest ( v.o. ) everywhere I go , I have to stand in line . hilary follow I , let 's go ! Hilary lead the vet through a crowd of people outside the rally . another woman , name isabel , lead the vet toward the back of a stage . isabel all right , come on , guy . hilary stand here . vet hey , you be a good man for doin ' this . good ! forrest okay . a man , wear a american flag shirt , stand on the stage . he be anti-war activist abbie hoffman . abbie hoffman we must declare to that fuck impostor in the White House -- Johnson . we be not go to work on you farm no more ! yeah ! forrest ( v.o. ) there be this man , give a little talk . and for some reason , he be wear a american flag for a shirt ... abbie hoffman now , I be go to bring up some soldier that be go to talk about the war , man ... forrest ( v.o. ) ... and he like to say the " F " word . a lot . " F " this and " F " that . and every time ... abbie hoffman ... that war have come home , and we have to stop this politician ... forrest ( v.o. ) ...he say " F " word , people , for some reason , well , they would cheer . abbie hoffman ... this guy just tell lyndon Johnson where to stick this fuck war ! yeah ! forrest look up at the cheer crowd . abbie turn and motion for forrest to come up on the stage . abbie hoffman come on , man . come up here , man . hilary come on . come on . yeah , you ! Hilary pull forrest up onto the stage . hilary come on , get up there . come on . move , move . let 's go ! let 's go . the other vet follow forrest push onto the stage and push he toward the microphone . vet come on , go . you can do it . just get up there . go on . that 's it . thousands of cheer protester stand around the Washington monument . forrest look at the crowd . abbie hoffmann step up to forrest . abbie hoffman tell we a little bit about the war , man . forrest the war in Vietnam ? abbie hoffman the war in viet-fuck - nam ! abbie raise he fist as the crowd cheer wildly . forrest well ... forrest ( v.o. ) there be only one thing I could say about the war in Vietnam . forrest ... there be only one thing I could say about the war in Vietnam . forrest look at the crowd as he speak . a policeman look around as he sneak over to the audio circuit board . forrest in Vietnam war ... the policeman pull the patch cord out of the audio board . forrest 's amplify voice become inaudible . forrest continue to speak into the microphone , even though no one can hear what he be say . Hilary look over and notice the policeman . Hilary rush over toward the audio board , push the policeman away and grab he night stick . another protester grab the policeman and pull he away . policeman hey , what the hell be you do ? hilary I will beat you head in , you goddamn oinker ! isabel , Hilary and another protester try to plug the tangle mess of wire back into the audio board . isabel Christ , what would they do with this ? forrest continue to speak into the microphone . the crowd grow restless . crowd we can not hear you ! we can not hear anything ! hilary this one ! this one ! give I that ! Hilary plug in the right patch cord . hilary that 's it . forrest ... and that 's all I have to say about that . forrest look at the massive crowd . they be silent . abbie hoffman step over to forrest and pat he on the shoulder . abbie hoffman that 's so right on , man . you say it all . what 's you name , man ? forrest my name be forrest gump . forrest gump . abbie hoffman forrest gump ! abbie raise he fist into the air . abbie step away from forrest . the crowd cheer . crowd forrest gump ! jenny ( scream ) forrest ! forrest ! Jenny wade out into the reflection pool and wave she hand into the air . forrest recognize she . forrest Jenny ! forrest rush off the stage as Jenny make she way out into the pool . jenny forrest ! forrest jump down into the crowd and run . Jenny smile as she try to run through the water . the crowd part as forrest run into the pool . Jenny rush toward he . jenny hey ! hey ! the massive crowd cheer for the embrace couple in the pool . forrest ( v.o . ) it be the happiest moment of my life . ext . WASHINGTON monument / protester' encampment - night forrest and Jenny walk past the protester who be camp out on the lawn . forrest ( v.o. ) Jenny and I be just peas and carrot again . she show I around , and even introduce I ... int . black panther headquarters / storefront , D.C. - night forrest stand at a open window and look at the White House . forrest ( v.o. ) ...to some of she new friend . a Black panther , name ruben , step over and pull the shade down . ruben shut that blind , man . and get you white ass away from that window . do not you know we in war here ? another Black panther name masai grab forrest and pat he down . jenny hey man , he 's cool . he 's cool . he 's one of we . he 's one of we . masai let I tell you about we . wesley where the hell have you be ? jenny I run into a friend . masai we purpose here be to protect we black leader from the racial onslaught of the pig who wish to brutalize we black leader , rape we woman , and destroy we black communist . black panther masai , phone . talk to this guy . wesley who 's the baby killer ? jenny this be my good friend I tell you about . this be forrest gump . forrest , this be wesley . wesley and I live together in Berkeley , and he 's the president of the Berkeley chapter of s.d. . masai let I tell you something else . wesley I want to talk to you . jenny okay , but ... wesley no. now ! goddammit ! masai we be here to offer protection and help for all of that who need we help , because we , the Black panther , be against the war in Vietnam . yes , we be against any war where black soldier be send to the front line to die for a country that hate they . yes , we be against any war where black soldier go to fight and come to be brutalize and kill in they own community as they sleep in they bed at night . yes , we be against all this racist and imperial dog act . jenny you be a fuck asshole ! wesley hit Jenny across the face . slow motion -- Jenny fall back . slow motion -- forrest step forward with rage . slow motion -- wesley turn and look at forrest . forrest tackle wesley and slam he onto a table . Jenny turn and look as masai pull out a gun . jenny forrest ! quit it ! quit it ! forrest ! stop it ! Jenny rush over to forrest and pull forrest off wesley . jenny stop it ! Jenny try to help wesley as he moan on the floor . wesley knock Jenny 's hand away . he get up , hold he bloody lip . wesley oh , God . I should not have bring you here . I should have know it be just gonna be some bullshit hassle . forrest he should not be hit you , Jenny . jenny come on , forrest . Jenny step out the door as forrest pick up he hat . forrest sorry I have a fight in the middle of you Black panther party . the group of Black panther glare at forrest . forrest turn and walk out the room . ext . WASHINGTON D.C. - night forrest and Jenny walk past the White House . protester hold a candlelight vigil behind they . jenny he do not mean it when he do thing like this . he do not . forrest I would never hurt you , Jenny . jenny I know you would not , forrest . forrest I want to be you boyfriend . they walk in silence . Jenny touch forrest 's uniform . jenny that uniform be a trip , forrest . you look handsome in it . you do . forrest you know what ? jenny what ? forrest I be glad we be here together in we national capitol . jenny I too , forrest . I have so much to tell you , you will not believe what 's be go on ... forrest ( v.o. ) we walk around all night , Jenny and I , just talkin' . ext . route 66 - flashback - day Jenny stand in the rain , hitchhike . a car pull over to pick she up . Jenny and other other girl get into the car . forrest ( v.o. ) she tell I about all the travellin ' she 's do . ext . commune in new mexico - night a hippie give Jenny a sugar cube of acid as they sit in front of a roaring fire . forrest ( v.o. ) and how she would discover way to expand she mind and learn how to live in harmony ... ext . hollywood / walk of fame - day a star with the name " Jean harlow " on the sidewalk . Jenny and two other girl sing on the sidewalk and collect change from the passersby . Jenny play the guitar . forrest ( v.o. ) ... which must be out west somewhere , ' cause she make it all the way to California . jenny ( sing ) " smile on you brother , everybody get together , try to love on another right now " a young hippie look over he fade volkswagen at the girl . young hippie hey , anybody want to go to San Francisco ? jenny I will go . young hippie Far out ! ext . WASHINGTON D.C. - dawn forrest and Jenny walk through the park . forrest ( v.o. ) I be a very special night for the two of we . I do not want it to end . ext . parking lot - early morning Jenny carry a backpack as she prepare to board a bus back to Berkeley . forrest I wish you would not go , Jenny . jenny I have to , forrest . wesley Jenny ? thing get a little out of hand . it 's just this war and that , that lyin ' son-of - a-bitch Johnson . I would never hurt you . you know that . forrest you know what I think ? I think you should go home to greenbow . Alabama ! jenny forrest , we have very different life , you know . forrest look down at Jenny . he pull he Medal of honor from around he neck . forrest I want you to have this . forrest place the Medal of honor in Jenny 's hand . Jenny look up at he . jenny forrest , I can not keep this . forrest I get it just by do what you tell I to do . jenny why be you so good to I ? forrest you be my girl . jenny I will always be you girl . Jenny and forrest hug each other . wesley wait for Jenny . Jenny turn and walk up to wesley . they walk toward the entrance of the bus . forrest smile as Jenny look at she . Jenny climb up into the bus . wesley glare at forrest . forrest give wesley the " evil eye . " Jenny through the near window of the bus , knock on the window . forrest turn and look . Jenny wave to forrest . forrest look up and smile sadly . Jenny give forrest the peace sign as the bus pull away . the sign on the back of the bus read " Berkeley to d.c . " forrest give Jenny the peace sign . forrest ( v.o. ) and just like that , she be go out of my life again . int . veteran administration hospital / rec room - day a footage of Neil armstrong 's first step on the moon on television . neil armstrong that 's one small step for man , one giant leap for mankind . the , uh , the surface be fine and powdery . I can , I can pick it up loosely . forrest demonstrate a ping -pong to some wounded vet . forrest ( v.o. ) I think I be go back to Vietnam , but instead , they decide the best way for I to fight communist be to play ping - pong . so I be in the special service , travel around the country cheer up all they wounded veteran and show they how to play ... bus stop - present - day forrest look at a man . forrest ... ping - pong . I be so good that some year later ... ext . china / ping - pong tournament - flashback - day forrest play ping - pong against a chinese player . a large mural of mao tse-tung hang on the wall . a crowd of communist leader sit and watch . forrest ( v.o. ) ... the Army decide I should be on the all - american ping - pong team . we be the first Americans to visit the land of China in like a million year or something like that , and somebody say that world peace be in we hand . but all I do be play ping -pong . when I get home ... bus stop - present - day forrest ... I be national celebrity . famouser even than Captain kangaroo . Color footage of the dick cavett show . Dick cavett stand up as he introduce forrest . dick cavett here he be , forrest gump , right here . forrest make he way onto the stage , shake hand with Dick cavett . dick cavett Mr. gump , have a seat . forrest sit down between JOHN lennon and Dick cavett . dick cavett forrest gump , John Lennon . JOHN lennon welcome home . dick cavett you have quite a trip . can you , uh , tell we , uh , what be China like ? John Lennon light a cigarette . forrest well , in the land of China , people hardly get nothing at all . JOHN lennon no possession ? forrest and in China , they never go to church . JOHN lennon no religion , too ? dick cavett oh. hard to imagine . JOHN lennon well , it 's easy if you try , Dick . forrest look oddly at John Lennon . forrest ( v.o. ) some year later , that nice young man from England be on he way home to see he little boy and be signing some autograph . for no particular reason at all , somebody shot he . ext . studio - later a guard let forrest out a side entrance door . forrest step , a then stop as he hear 's man sit in a wheelchair speak to he . lo. dan they give you the congressional Medal of honor . forrest now that 's Lieutenant Dan . Lieutenant dan! forrest look at Lt. Dan . he be a dirty with long hair . lo. dan they give you the congressional Medal of honor ! forrest yes sir , they sure do . lo. dan they give you a imbecile , a moron who go on television and make a fool out himself in front of the whole damn country , the congressional Medal of honor . forrest yes , sir . lo. dan well , then , that 's just perfect ! yeah , well I just get one thing to say to that . goddamn bless America . Lt. Dan 's wheelchair begin to slide down the ramp and spin around on the icy ground . forrest look down at Lt. Dan crash at the bottom of the ramp . forrest Lieutenant dan! ext . new york CITY street - night taxi cab crowd the street as forrest push Lt. Dan along the sidewalk . forrest ( v.o. ) Lieutenant Dan say he be live in a hotel . and because he do not have no leg , he spend most of he time exercise he arm . lo. dan take a right , take a right . a taxi driver honk he horn as forrest wheel Lt. Dan out in front of the taxi . taxi driver # 1 hey ! come on already ! lo. dan ah ! forrest what be you do here in New York , Lieutenant Dan ? lo. dan I be live off the government tit . suck it dry . a taxi skid to a stop , almost hit they as they cross the street . the taxi honk at Lt. dan. Lt. Dan slap the bumper of the taxi . lo. dan hey ! hey ! hey ! be you blind ? I be walk here ! ah , get out ... taxi driver # 2 why do not you go home before you kill yourself ? get out of the way ! lo. dan come on , go ! go! go! ext . lo. dan' HOTEL room - later a Bob hope Christmas special in Vietnam on television . Lt. Dan and forrest watch the television . forrest ( v.o. ) I stay with Lieutenant Dan and celebrate the holiday . bob hope you have a great year and hurry home . God bless you . lo. dan have you find Jesus yet , gump ? forrest I do not know I be suppose to be look for he , sir . Lt. Dan chuckle , drink the rest of a bottle of wine and toss it down . he look at forrest . he wheel himself over to television and turn it off . lo. dan that 's all this cripple , down at the v.a. , that 's all they ever talk about . Lt. Dan pick up another bottle of port wine , but it be empty . he toss it onto the floor . lo. dan Jesus this and Jesus that . have I find Jesus ? they even have a priest come and talk to I . he say God be listen , but I have to help myself . now , if I accept Jesus into my heart , I will get to walk beside he in the Kingdom of Heaven . Lt. Dan toss the empty liquor bottle down and pick another bottle . he become enraged as he throw the bottle and look at forrest . lo. dan do you hear what I say ? walk beside he in the Kingdom of Heaven . well , kiss my crippled ass . God be listen . what a crock of shit . forrest I be go to heaven , Lieutenant Dan . lo. dan huh ? ah , well , before you go , why do not you get you ass down to the corner and get we another bottle of wine . forrest yes , sir . int . time square bar - night a television show dick clark as he emcee the Times Square New York Eve celebration . dick clark we be at approximately 45th Street in New York City at one astor Plaza . this be the site of the old astor Hotel . down below we , well over a hundred thousand people be milling about , cheer with horn and whistle and hat ... lo. dan what the hell 's in bayou La batre ? forrest shrimpin ' boat . lo. dan shrimpin ' boat ? who give a shit about shrimpin ' boat ? forrest I gotta buy I one of they shrimpin ' boat as soon as I have some money . I make I a promise to bubba in Vietnam , that as soon as the war be over , we would go in partner . he would be the captain of the shrimpin ' boat and I would be he first mate . but now that he 's dead , that mean that I gotta be the captain . lo. dan a shrimp boat captain . forrest yes , sir . a promise be a promise , Lieutenant Dan . lo. dan now hear this ! private gump here be gonna be a shrimp boat captain . well , I tell you what , gilligan , the day that you be a shrimp boat captain , I will come and be you first mate . forrest okay . lo. dan if you be ever a shrimp boat captain , that 's the day I be a astronaut . two sleazy woman , name lenore and carla , walk up to Lt. Dan . lenore Danny , what be you complain about ? carla what be you do , huh ? lenore Mr. hot wheel . who 's you friend ? forrest my name be forrest , forrest gump . lo. dan this be cun carla , and Long-Limbs lenore . carla put a " happy New Year " crown on Lt. Dan 's head . lenore fix she makeup . carla so where you be , baby - cake , huh ? have not see you around lately . you know , you should have be here for Christmas ' cause Tommy buy a round on the house and give everybody a turkey sandwich . lo. dan well , well , I have , uh , company . lenore hey , hey ! we be , we be just there . that 's at Times Square . lenore lean and speak into forrest 's ear . lenore do not you just love New Year 's ? you get to start all over . carla hey , lenore . lenore everybody get a second chance . forrest ( v.o. ) it 's funny , but in the middle of all that fun , I begin to think about Jenny . dick clark ( on television ) ... get wild out there . it 's beginning to ... int . apartment /l.a . - night the New Year 's Eve celebration over the t.v. dick clark ( over television ) ... pour here in Times Square . it 's be off - and - on all night , but this people hang in there . Jenny fill she bag with she belonging . forrest ( v.o. ) wonder how she be spend she New Year 's night out in California . a man lie pass out on the bed . Jenny look at she black eye in a mirror , then leave the apartment . the tv show the ball in Times Square . crowd ( over television ) int . time square bar - night the ball be lower , lighting up a sign that read " 1972 . " crowd ( over television ) ... 1 ! happy New Year ! the people in the bar cheer and kiss each other . they blow horn and toss confetti into the air . forrest look around as carla and lenore lean over and kiss he . patron ( sing ) " should auld acquaintance be forget and never bring to mind ... forrest happy New Year , Lieutenant dan! patron ( sing ) should auld acquaintance be forget and day of auld lang syne . " int . lo. dan' HOTEL room - later carla remove she top and sit on top of Dan in he wheelchair . they kiss and play around . forrest sit in a chair . lenore leap on he and begin to kiss forrest . she reach down to forrest 's crotch . forrest stand up nervously , cause lenore to fall down on the floor . lenore stand up , angry . lenore what be you , stupid or something ? what 's you problem ? what 's he problem ? do you lose you pecker in the war or something ? carla what , be you friend stupid or something ? lo. dan what do you say ? carla I say , be you friend stupid or something ? lo. dan hey ! do not call he stupid ! Lt. Dan throw carla back onto the bed . carla do not push I like that ! lenore hey , do not you push she ! lo. dan you shut up ! do not you ever call he stupid ! carla what 's the matter , baby ? why you treat I like shit ? lo. dan get the hell out of here ! lenore you stupid gimp . you belong in " ripley 's believe it or not . " lo. dan get the hell out of here ! go on ! lenore you should be in a side show ! lo. dan go on ! get out of here ! get out of here ! lenore you big loser ! carla come on , lenore . we do not need this shit ! lenore you be so pathetic . lo. dan get out of here ! Lt. Dan fall out of he wheelchair and land down on the floor . carla and lenore laugh as they leave the apartment . carla you retard ! lenore you loser ! you freak ! forrest try to help Lt. dan. Lt. Dan push forrest away . lo. dan no ! forrest step back as Lt. Dan flip back over , then pull himself back up onto he wheelchair . he breathes heavily . forrest I be sorry I ruin you New Year 's Eve party , Lieutenant Dan . she taste like cigarettes . forrest ( v.o. ) I guess Lieutenant Dan figure there 's some thing you just can not change . he do not want to be call crippled , just like I do not want to be call stupid . lo. dan happy New Year . ext . white house - night a anchorman report in front of the White House . anchorman the U.S. ping - pong team meet with President Nixon today at a oval Office ceremony ... forrest ( v.o. ) and would not you know it ... present - bus stop forrest look at the fat man on the bus bench . forrest ... a few month later they invite I and the ping - pong team to visit the White House . so I go again . and I meet the President of the United States again . int . white house - day a plaque , present to forrest , read " present to forrest gump , member of the United States table tennis team as player of the year for 1971 . President nixon hold the plaque . forrest ( v.o. ) only this time they do not get we room in a real fancy hotel . president nixon so be you enjoy yourself in we national capital , young man ? forrest yes , sir . president nixon well , where be you stay ? forrest it 's call the Hotel ebbott . president nixon oh , no , no , no , no . I know of a much nicer hotel . it 's brand - new . very modern . I will have my people take care of it for you . int . watergate HOTEL room - night forrest speak on the phone . security guard Security , Frank will . forrest step over to a window . flashlight be move around in a office across from forrest 's room . forrest yeah , sir , you might want to send a maintenance man over to that office across the way . the light be off , and they must be look for the fuse box or something , ' cause they flashlight they be , they be keep I awake . security guard okay , sir . I will check it out . forrest thank you . security guard no problem . forrest good night . security guard good night . forrest hang up the phone . the camera tilt down , revealing the hotel stationary , which read " the watergate Hotel . " int . gymnasium - day President Nixon make a resignation speech on tv . president nixon ( over television ) therefore , I shall resign the presidency effective at noon tomorrow . the television cut to a shot of President Nixon stand outside Air Force one with he hand in the peace sign . president nixon ( over television ) vice President Ford will be swear in as President at that hour in this office . as I recall the high hope for America with which we begin this second term , I feel a great sadness that I will not be here in this office ... forrest be play ping - pong by himself at the gymnasium . a officer step up to he . officer sergeant gump ! forrest yes , sir ! officer as you be . I have you discharge papers . you service be up , son . the officer hand forrest a envelope , then walk away . forrest do this mean I can not play ping pong no more ? officer for the Army it do . forrest ( v.o. ) and just like that , my service in the United States Army be over . so I go home . forrest take he paddle and run out of the gymnasium . ext . gump house - day Mrs. gump walk out of the house and smile . forrest walk up to the house , wear he uniform . forrest I be home , momma . mrs . gump I know , I know . int . gump house Mrs. gump and forrest walk into the house . mrs . gump Louise , he 's here . he 's here , everybody . forrest ( v.o. ) now , when I get home , I have no idea that momma have have all sort of visitor . in the house be stack of ping - pong paddle and life-size cardboard cutout of forrest play ping - pong . the name on the ping - pong paddle box read : " gump - mao table tennis . " mrs . gump we have have all sort of visitor , forrest . everybody want you to use they ping - pong stuff . one man even leave a check for twenty - five thousand dollar if you would be agreeable to say you like use they paddle . forrest oh , momma . I only like use my own paddle . hi , miss Louise . louise hey , forrest . mrs . gump I know that . I know that . but it 's twenty - five thousand dollar , forrest . I think maybe you could hold it for a while , see if it grow on you . oh , you look good , forrest . you look real good . forrest ( v.o. ) that momma , she sure be right . it 's funny how thing work out . ext . bayou LA batre / bubba' mom' house - day forrest walk up to a shack on the edge of the bayou . a group of black kid play in the front yard . forrest ( v.o. ) I do not stay home for long , because I would make a promise to bubba . and I always try to keep my promise . so I go on down to bayou La batre to meet bubba 's family and make they introduction . bubba 's mother name mrs . blue and she other child look at forrest . mrs . blue be you crazy , or just plain stupid ? forrest stupid be as stupid do , Mrs. Blue . mrs . blue I guess . ext . bubba' grave - day forrest step over to bubba 's tombstone . forrest ( v.o. ) and of course , I pay my respect to bubba himself . forrest hey , bubba , it 's I , forrest gump . I remember everything you say , and I get it all figure out . forrest pull out note from he pocket . forrest I be take the twenty - four thousand , five hundred and six - two dollar and forty - seven cent that I get ... ext . bayou - day forrest walk across a yard where man be clean shrimp . forrest ( v.o. ) ... well , that 's leave after a new hair cut and a new suit and I take momma out to real fancy dinner and I buy a bus ticket and three Doctor pepper . forrest walk along a wooden pier . forrest pay a old black shrimper a large wad of cash . old shrimper tell I something . be you stupid or something ? forrest stupid be as stupid do , sir . ext . bubba' grave forrest stand at the grave . forrest well , that 's what 's leave after I say , " when I be in China on the all - America ping - pong team , I just love play ping - pong with my flex - o-ping - pong paddle . " which everybody know it be not true , but momma say it 's just a little white lie so it would not hurt nobody . so , anyway , I be put all that on gas , rope and new net and a brand - new shrimpin ' boat . ext . bayou - day forrest steer he shrimp boat . the boat be old and rusty . forrest unleash he net as he catch of the day drop to the deck . it be a bunch of garbage and shell . forrest pick up one shrimp . forrest ( v.o. ) now , bubba have tell I everything he know about shrimpin' , but you know what I find out ? shrimpin ' be tough . ext . dock forrest pull a couple of shrimp out of a bucket . forrest I only catch five . old shrimper a couple of more , you can have yourself a cocktail . the old shrimper begin to walk away , then stop and look at forrest . old shrimper hey , you ever think about namin ' this old boat ? forrest ( v.o. ) I would never name a boat before , but there be only one I could think of . forrest paint a name on the side of he boat . the name be " Jenny . " forrest ( v.o . ) the most beautiful name in the wide world . int . DISCO disco light flash and people dance . a guy ask a girl to dance . girl okay . Jenny sit at a table with some other people . she be snort cocaine . forrest ( v.o. ) now , I have not hear from Jenny in a long while . but ... ext . bayou LA batre - day forrest stand at the helm as the boat glide across the water . forrest ( v.o. ) but I think about she a lot . and I hope that whatever she be do make she happy . int . apartment - night drug paraphernalia and a large wad of cash be spread out on a table . a man drop a syringe on the table . he reach over and touch Jenny . she be pale with dark line under she eye . int . bathroom Jenny smear some line of cocaine on a mirror . she look at herself in the mirror . ext . balcony Jenny step out onto the high-rise balcony . she step up on a table and stand on the edge of the balcony . a busy street lie many storey below . Jenny look down to the intersection below . she slip over the edge , regains she balance , turn and look back at the intersection below , and begin to get down from the edge . Jenny grab a hold of the ledge and carefully climb down . she sit down on a chair . Jenny rock back and forth as she cry . she look up at the sky . ext . bayou LA batre / forrest boat - night the moon shine above in the sky . forrest lie in a hammock on he boat . forrest ( v.o. ) I think about Jenny all the time . ext . forrest boat / bayou dock - day forrest stand at the helm of he boat and slowly glide by the dock . forrest look around and notice something and bend down to get a clear view . Lt. Dan sit in he wheelchair on the deck . forrest look at Lt. Dan . he smile , surprised . forrest hi! forrest leap off of he move boat and into the water . the boat continue as forrest clumsily swim . Lt. Dan sit in he wheelchair at the edge of the dock . forrest flail he arm as he swim up to the dock . Lt. Dan wait for forrest , smoking a cigar . forrest climb up a ladder onto the dock . forrest Lieutenant Dan , what be you do here ? lo. dan well , I think I would try out my sea leg . forrest well , you be not get no leg , Lieutenant Dan . lo. dan well , well , Captain forrest gump . I have to see this for myself . and I tell you if you be ever a shrimp boat captain , that I would be you first mate . well , here I be . I be a man of my word . forrest okay . forrest shake Lt. Dan 's hand . lo. dan yeah , but do not you be think that I be gonna be call you sir . forrest no , sir . forrest 's boat glide , crush a dock . forrest and Lt. Dan look at it . forrest that 's my boat . ext . bayou LA batre water - day forrest 's shrimp boat be alone on the gulf water . lo. dan I have a feel if we head the east , we will find some shrimp . so , take a leave . take a leave . forrest look up . Lt. Dan be sit in the rigging . forrest which way ? lo. dan over there ! they be over there ! get , get on the wheel and take a leave ! forrest okay . lo. dan gump , what be you do ? take a leave ! Left ! that 's where we be gonna find that shrimp , my boy ! that 's where we will find them . forrest empty the net . they " catch " be debris that fall to the deck . forrest still no shrimp , Lieutenant Dan . lo. dan okay , so I be wrong . forrest well , how we gonna find they ? lo. dan well , maybe you should just pray for shrimp . int . SMALL church - day the all - black gospel choir sing and clap they hand . forrest ( v.o. ) so I go to church every Sunday ... Lt. Dan be sit in he chair at the back of the church . he take swig from a liquor bottle . forrest ( v.o. ) sometimes Lieutenant Dan come , too . though I think he leave the praying up to I . ext . boat - another day a catch of junk be dumped onto the deck . Lt. Dan lower himself from the rigging . forrest no shrimp . lo. dan where the hell 's this God of yours ? the wind begin to blow strong . forrest ( v.o. ) it 's funny Lieutenant Dan say that , ' cause right then , God show up . ext . boat - night Water spray on deck during a hurricane . Lt. Dan on the rigging , shout and shake he fist as he be pelt by wind and rain . lo. dan you will never sink this boat ! forrest ( v.o. ) now I , I be scared . but Lieutenant Dan , he be mad . lo. dan come on ! you call this a storm ? forrest slide back and forth as he attempt to steer the boat . lo. dan blow , you son-of -a-bitch ! blow ! it 's time for a showdown ! you and I . I be right here . come and get I ! you will never sink this boat ! int . gump house - day a anchorman over tv , be stand in front of a pier . anchorman ( over television ) Hurricane carmen come through here yesterday ... ext . bayou dock - day the anchorman be stand in front of the ruin pier and boat . anchorman ... destroy nearly everything in its path . and as in other town up and down the coast , bayou La batre 's entire shrimp industry ... int . gump house anchorman ...has fall victim to carmen and have be leave in utter ruin . speak with local official , this reporter have learn , in fact , only one shrimp boat actually survive the storm . forrest 's boat come down the river . mrs . gump Louise . Louise , there 's forrest ! forrest ( v.o. ) after that , shrimpin ' be easy . forrest boat - day Lt. Dan and forrest empty they net . a huge catch of shrimp fall onto the deck . Lt. Dan open another big catch . another catch drop open on top of yet another huge catch . forrest and Lt. Dan smile . forrest ( v.o. ) and since people still need they shrimp for shrimp cocktail and barbecue and all ... ext . bus stop - present the man sit on the bench listen to forrest . a elderly woman sit next to the man . forrest ... and we be the only boat leave stand " bubba - gump " shrimp 's what they get . we get a whole bunch of boat . twelve Jenny 's , a big ol ' warehouse , we even have hat that say " bubba - gump " on them . " bubba - gump shrimp . " it 's a household name . man hold on there , boy . be you tell I you be the owner of the bubba- gump shrimp Corporation ? forrest yes , sir . we have get more money than davy crocket . man Boy , I have hear some whopper in my time , but that top they all . we be sit next to a millionaire ! the man laugh as he walk away . elderly woman well , I think it be a very lovely story . and you tell it so well . with such enthusiasm . forrest would you like to see what Lieutenant Dan look like ? elderly woman well , yes , I would ! forrest show she the cover of a " fortune " magazine with forrest and Lt. Dan on the cover . forrest that 's he right there . the elderly woman look at the magazine and at forrest with surprise . forrest and let I tell you something about Lieutenant Dan . ext . boat / deck - day forrest and Lt. Dan be work on the boat . lo. dan forrest , I never thank you for save my life . forrest look a little surprised . Lt. Dan smile , then look away . Lt. Dan pull himself out of he chair to the railing and jump into the water . forrest ( v.o. ) he never actually say so , but I think he make he peace with God . ext . boat forrest and Lt. Dan have dinner on the deck . the television show a assassination attempt on President Gerald Ford . anchorman ( over television ) for the second time in seventeen day , President Ford escape possible assassination today when a woman , Sarah Jane Moore , fire on he as he step out of a hotel in San Francisco . margo ( over radio ) base to Jenny one . base to Jenny one . lo. dan Jenny one , go margo . margo ( over radio ) forrest have a phone call . lo. dan yeah , well you will have to tell they to call he back . he be indispose at the moment . margo ( over radio ) his momma 's sick . anchorman ( over television ) lynett Alice fromme , a follower of Charles Manson better know as " squeaky , " attempt to assassinate the President as he be ... forrest dive into the water as he react . ext . road / gump house - day forrest carry a suitcase as he run down the road . forrest run past the row of mailbox and turn into the drive . Louise and other be on the front porch . forrest where 's momma ? louise she 's upstairs . int . gump house - woman' bed room forrest open the door , the doctor stand next to Mrs. gump in bed . mrs . gump hi , forrest . doctor I will see you tomorrow . mrs . gump oh , all right . the doctor look down at forrest 's leg . doctor we sure get you straighten out , do not we , boy ? the doctor leave and close the door . forrest take off he hat and step over to she . forrest what 's the matter , momma ? mrs . gump I be dyin ' , forrest . come on in , sit down over here . forrest why be you dyin ' , momma ? mrs . gump it 's my time . it 's just my time . oh , now , do not you be afraid , sweetheart . death be just a part of life . it 's something we be all destine to do . I do not know it , but I be destine to be you momma . I do the best I could . forrest you do good , momma . mrs . gump well , I happen to believe you make you own destiny . you have to do the best with what God give you . forrest what 's my destiny , momma ? mrs . gump you be gonna have to figure that out for yourself . life be a box of chocolate , forrest . you never know what you be gonna get . forrest ( v.o. ) momma always have a way of explain thing so I could understand they . mrs . gump I will miss you , forrest . forrest ( v.o. ) she have get the cancer and die on a Tuesday . I buy she a new hat with little flower on it . ext . bus stop - present the elderly woman and forrest sit . the woman be cry and wipe she eye with a hankie . forrest and that 's all I have to say about that . a bus stop . forrest look at the elderly woman . forrest do not you say you be wait for the number Seven bus ? elderly woman there will be another one along shortly . forrest now , because I have be a football star , and a war hero , and a national celebrity , and a shrimpin ' boat captain , and a college graduate , the city of father of greenbow , Alabama , decide to get together and offer I a fine job . ext . football field - day forrest ride a lawn tractor as he move the football field lawn . forrest ( v.o. ) so , I never go back to work for Lieutenant Dan . ext . gump house mailboxe forrest take out a letter and open it . forrest ( v.o. ) though he do take care of my bubba - gump money . he get I invest in some kind of fruit company . and so then I get a call from he say we do not have to worry about money no more . ext . bus stop forrest and I say , " that 's good . one less thing . " int . church - day the choir and member be sing . forrest ( v.o. ) now , momma say there 's only so much fortune a man really need ... ext . church the sign read : " four Square Baptist Church . " a new cross be place on the steeple . New furniture be take inside . reverend praise the Lord . forrest ( v.o. ) ... and the rest be just for show off . so , I give a whole bunch of it to the four Square Gospel Church . ext . hospital - day the sign read : " gump Medical Center bayou La batre , Alabama . " the ribbon-cutting ceremony . forrest ( v.o. ) and I give a whole bunch to the bayou La batre fishing Hospital . ext . bubba' mom' house a postman deliver a letter to bubba 's mom . she open the letter . forrest ( v.o. ) and even though bubba be dead , and Lieutenant Dan say I be nut . I give bubba 's mommy bubba 's share . she be surround by she many child . she look at the check and faint . ext . bus stop forrest and you know what ... int . florida condo a door open as a white woman serve bubba 's mom some shrimp . forrest ( v.o. ) she do not have to work in nobody 's kitchen no more . mrs . blue smell wonderful ! ext . football field forrest ride the mower . forrest ( v.o. ) and ' cause I be godzillionaire and I like do it so much . I cut that grass for free . ext . gump house balcony - night forrest look down the road as he step onto the porch . forrest ( v.o . ) but at nighttime , when there be nothing to do and the house be all empty , I would always think of Jenny . Jenny 's image walk , then vanish . forrest look away . he turn and walk into the house . ext . gump house - day Jenny walk across the lawn to forrest . forrest ( v.o. ) and then , she be there . jenny hello , forrest . forrest hello , Jenny . forrest ( v.o. ) Jenny come back and stay with I . int . gump house Jenny lie asleep in bed . forrest ( v.o. ) maybe it be because she have nowhere else to go . or maybe it be because she be so tired , because she go to bed and sleep and sleep like she have not sleep in year . it be wonderful have she home . ext . countryside - day forrest and Jenny walk . forrest ( v.o. ) every day we would take a walk , and I would jabber on like a monkey in a tree . and she would listen about ping - pong and shrimpin ' boat and momma makin ' a trip to heaven . I do all the talkin' . Jenny most of the time be real quiet . forrest ... big ol ' gob of rain and little bitty sting rain and rain ... Jenny 's old house stand at the end of the dirt road . it appear to be desert . Jenny walk toward the house and stop . she stare at the house . forrest walk toward Jenny . Jenny suddenly heave a rock angrily at the house . she throw other thing at the house . jenny how could you do this ? she break a window . Jenny collapse to the ground and sob . forrest knee down next to she . forrest ( v.o. ) sometimes I guess there just be not enough rock . ext . old oak tree - day Jenny and forrest sit on a limb together . forrest ( v.o. ) I never really know why she come back , but I do not care . it be like olden time . we be like peas and carrot again . int . gump house - day Jenny sit by the vase of flower and look out the window . forrest ( v.o. ) every day I would pick pretty flower and put they in she room for she . ext . gump house - day forrest close he eye as he sit on the porch . Jenny place a box of nike run shoe in he lap . forrest ( v.o. ) and she give I the best gift anyone could ever get in the wide world . jenny okay , you can open you eye . forrest New shoe . jenny they make they just for run . ext . gump house - night through the window , forrest and Jenny be dance as it rain outside . forrest ( v.o. ) and she even show I how to dance . and , well , we be like family ... Jenny and I . ext . river - night Jenny and forrest sit on a log together and look at the river . Jenny place she arm around forrest . forrest ( v.o. ) and it be the happiest time of my life . the firework explode in the sky . int . gump house - night the statue of Liberty be show on the tv . firework go off . forrest and Jenny be watch the 4th of July celebration on tv . announcer ( over television ) and this fourth be witness one of the large firework display in the nation 's two-hundred year history ... jenny you do watch it ? forrest mm-hmm . announcer ( over television ) ...here in New York Harbor . after the spectacular display of tall ship earlier , the statue of Liberty ... Jenny stand up and kiss forrest on the cheek . jenny I be go to bed . Jenny turn off the tv and walk outside . forrest stand as he put down he Dr. pepper . Jenny walk toward the stair . forrest will you marry I ? I would make a good husband , Jenny . jenny you would , forrest . forrest but you will not marry I . jenny you do not want to marry I . forrest why do not you love I , Jenny ? I be not a smart man , but I know what love be . forrest turn and walk toward the door . Jenny turn and walk up the stair . forrest stand outside . ext . gump house - night the house stand in the rain . ext . gump house - night forrest lie in he bed as the door open . Jenny get into bed next to forrest . forrest Jenny ? jenny forrest , I do love you . Jenny and forrest kiss . Jenny take off she nightgown as they make love . ext . gump house - morning Jenny carry she purse and walk toward a wait cab . cab driver where be you run off to ? jenny I be not run . int . gump house the cab drive away as forrest be asleep in he bed . the congressional Medal lie on a table by a ping - pong paddle . forrest hold a glass of milk and wear he bathrobe . he look at the medal he have give to Jenny . Jenny 's bed be make . forrest stand in the doorway look at the room and bed where Jenny have be . ext . front porch - day forrest sit on a rock chair with he run shoe on . he be still , as if in a trance . he slowly put on he bubba - gump cap . forrest stand . he walk off the porch . he begin to jog across the lawn . his speed increase as he run farther away . forrest run down the drive away from he house . forrest ( v.o. ) that day , for no particular reason , I decide to go for a little run . forrest run to the end of the drive , then turn right and run down the highway . forrest ( v.o. ) so I run to the end of the road , and when I get there , I think maybe I would run to the end of town . int . barber shop - day the three man sit as they watch the television . forrest run through the main street of town . newscaster President Carter , suffer from heat exhaustion fall into the arm of security agent . forrest ( v.o. ) and when I get there ... ext . alabama road the sign read " enter greenbow County . " forrest ( v.o. ) ... I think maybe I would just run across greenbow County . and I figure since I run this far , maybe I would just run across the great ... forrest run by a sign that read " Mississippi welcome you . the magnolia State . " forrest ( v.o. ) ... state of Alabama . and that 's what I do I run clear across Alabama . ext . bus stop - present forrest for no particular reason , I just keep on go . I run clear to the ocean . ext . santa monica - day the sign read " Santa monica yacht harbor sport fishing - boat - cafe . " forrest run under the sign and onto the pier . forrest ( v.o. ) and when I get there , I figure since I would go this far , I might as well turn around , just keep on go . ext . atlantic ocean forrest run to a pier at the Atlantic Ocean . forrest ( v.o. ) when I get to another ocean , I figure since I have go this far , I might as well just turn back , keep right on go . forrest run across the pier . a lighthouse stand at the end of the pier . forrest ( v.o. ) when I get tired , I sleep . when I get hungry , I eat . ext . bus stop - present forrest when I have to go , you know , I go . elderly woman and so , you just run ? forrest yeah . ext . highway forrest be run along the highway . forrest run down a road between field of wheat . a Mountain river . forrest run across a cobble-stone bridge . the Rocky Mountains be behind he in distance . forrest run through some meadowland . Split rail fence line the road . forrest ( v.o. ) I would think a lot about momma and bubba , and Lieutenant Dan , but most of all , I think about Jenny . I think about she a lot . ext . barber shop the three man in the barber shop watch the news on television . newscaster for more than two year now , a man name forrest gump , a gardener from greenbow , Alabama , stop only to sleep , have be run across America . int . coffee shop Jenny fill customer 's coffee cup . newscaster Charles Cooper bring we this report . newsman for the fourth time on he journey across America , forrest gump , a gardener from greenbow , Alabama , be about to cross the Mississippi River again today . the tv show forrest run across a bridge that read " Mississippi River . " jenny I will be damned . forrest ... ext . MISSISSIPPI bridge newsman Sir , why be you run ? 1st reporter why be you run ? 2 nd reporter be you do this for world peace ? 3rd reporter be you do this for woman 's right ? newsman or for the environment ? reporter or for animal ? 3rd reporter or for nuclear arm ? forrest ( v.o. ) they just could not believe that somebody would do all that run for no particular reason . 2 nd reporter why be you do this ? forrest I just feel like run . ext . bus stop - present forrest I just leave like run . ext . SMALL eastern town forrest run as a young man run up to he . young man it 's you . I can not believe it 's really you . ext . bus stop - present forrest now , for some reason what I be do seem to make sense to people . ext . SMALL eastern town the young man job behind forrest . young man I mean , it be like a alarm go off in my head , you know . I say , here 's a guy that 's get he act together . here 's somebody who 's get it , all figure out . here 's somebody who have the answer . I will follow you anywhere , Mr. gump . forrest ( v.o. ) so , I get company . forrest run up a slope on a high mountain road . a group of people be jogging behind he . forrest ( v.o. ) and after that I get more company . and then ... a large group jog behind forrest across the desert road . forrest ( v.o. ) ... even more people join in . somebody later tell I ... ext . bus stop - present forrest ... it give people hope . now ... now , I do not know anything about that , but ... forrest and he follower job through a small town . a man run up and talk to forrest . forrest ( v.o. ) some of that people ask I if I could help they out . aging hippie hey , man , hey , listen . I be wonder if you might help I , huh ? listen , I be in the bumper sticker business and I have be try to think up a good slogan . and since you have be such a big inspiration to the people around here , I think you might be able to help I jump into ... whoa ! man , you just run through a big pile of dogshit ! the hippie jump over the " dogshit " as he run along forrest . forrest it happen . aging hippie what , shit ? forrest sometimes . the hippie stop to ponder this profound think . forrest ( v.o. ) and some year later I hear that fella do come up with a bumper sticker slogan ... a bumper sticker read " shit happens . " forrest ( v.o. ) ... and he make a lot of money off of it . the truck with the bumper sticker drive into a intersection . it collide with a car . ext . truck stop forrest run , follow by he group , as a man run up to he . forrest ( v.o. ) another time I be run along , somebody who have lose all he money in the T-shirt business , and he want to put my face on a T-shirt , but he could not draw that well and he do not have a camera . wild - eyed man I think it would be really fortunate for I if I could get you name on this , oh , you face and name on this t-shirt . it would be wonderful . a truck splashes mud onto forrest as it go by . the man hand forrest a yellow T-shirt to use as a rag to wipe the mud off . wild - eyed man here , use this one . nobody like that color anyway . forrest wipe he face on the towel and hand it back to the man . forrest have a nice day . the man look at the T-shirt . he hold it up display the " happy face . " forrest ( v.o. ) and some year later I find out that that man do come up with a idea for a T-shirt and he make a lot of money off of it . ext . monument valley forrest run with a group that follow behind he . forrest ( v.o. ) anyway , like I be say , I have a lot of company . my momma always say you get to put the past behind you before you can move on . and I think that 's what my run be all about . I have run for three year , two month , fourteen day , and sixteen hour . forrest stop run . the group stop behind he . forrest stand and look as the group wait expectantly . forrest turn and look . young man quiet . quiet , he 's gonna say something . forrest I be pretty tired . I think I will go home now . forrest walk toward the group . the group part for forrest as he walk down the middle of the road . young man now what be we suppose to do ? forrest ( v.o. ) and just like that , my run day be over . so , I go home to Alabama . a television show President Reagan and he staff as they react to gunshot in front of a limo . newscaster ( over television ) moment ago , at two twenty - five p.m. , as President Reagan be leave the Washington Hilton Hotel ... int . gump house - day forrest sit eat a sandwich , watch the news of the assassination attempt . newscaster ... five or six gunshot be fire by a unknown would - be assassin . the President be shot in the chest and the assailant be immediately tackle by a half a dozen lawmen . as the presidential ... louise I pick up the mail . forrest oh , thank you , miss , miss Louise . forrest ( v.o. ) one day , out of the blue clear sky , I get a letter from Jenny ... ext . bus stop - present forrest take the letter out of he pocket . forrest ... wonder if I could come down to Savannah to see she , and that 's what I be do here . she see I on tv , run , I be suppose to go on the number nine bus to Richmond Street and get off and go one block leave to 1 - 9 - 4-7 Henry Street , apartment 4 . the elderly woman look at the letter . elderly woman why , you do not need to take a bus . Henry Street be just five or six block down that way . forrest down that way ? elderly woman down that way . forrest hastily grab he suitcase and letter as he stand . forrest it be nice talk ' to you . forrest run , the elderly woman shout from the bus stop bench . a truck honk its horn as forrest run across the street past the truck . elderly woman I hope everything work out for you . int . jenny' apartment - day Jenny open the door . jenny hey ! forrest ! how you do ? forrest hi. jenny come in . come in . forrest I get you letter . jenny oh , I be wonder about that . Jenny shut the door . forrest look around . forrest be this you house ? jenny yeah , it 's messy right now . I just get off work . forrest it 's nice . you get air conditioning . forrest hand Jenny the box of chocolate . forrest ah ... jenny thank you . forrest I eat some . Jenny pick up a scrapbook and turn the page . jenny hey , I keep , I keep a scrapbook of you , of you clipping and everything . there you be . this , I get you run . forrest I run a long way . for a long time . jenny there. listen , forrest . I do not know how to say this . um , I just ... I want to apologize for anything that I ever do to you , ' cause I be mess up for a long time , and ... there be a knock at the door . lynn marie enter as she open the door . lynn marie yoo-hoo . jenny hey . lynn marie hi. Jenny grab a young boy . jenny hey , you . this be a old friend from Alabama . lynn marie oh , how do you do ? jenny ah , listen , next week my schedule change , so I will be able to ... but thanks for pick up . lynn marie no problem . get to go , Jen . I be double park . jenny okay . Lynn Marie close the door and wave bye to forrest . lynn marie bye . jenny thanks . this be very good friend , Mr. gump . can you say hi to he ? little boy hello , Mr. gump . forrest hello . little boy now , can I go watch tv now ? jenny yes , you can . just keep it low . the little boy run into other room and pick up tv remote control . forrest you be a momma , Jenny . jenny I be a momma . his name be forrest . forrest like I . jenny I name he after he daddy . forrest he get a daddy name forrest , too ? jenny you be he daddy , forrest . forrest continue to stare at forrest Jr. forrest then look frighten and start to back away . jenny hey , forrest , look at I . look at I , forrest . there 's nothing you need to do , okay ? you do not do anything wrong . okay ? Jenny turn and look at forrest Jr. in the other room . jenny be not he beautiful ? forrest he 's the most beautiful thing I have ever see . but ... be , be he smart , or be he ... jenny he 's very smart . he 's one of the smartest in he class . forrest breathes deep . he look at Jenny , then at forrest Jr. jenny yeah , it 's okay . go talk to he . forrest walk into the room and sit down next to forrest Jr. " sesame Street " be on the tv . bert oh , great . ernie hey , bert , can you give I a hand ? bert a hand ? well , yeah , what do you want , Ernie ? forrest what be you watch . forrest JR . bert and Ernie . ernie well , it 's the first stage . bert . it 's plan to write a story , bert . I have pencil right here to write with , bert . now , we get , uh , paper . I will take that paper , bert . see , we have the paper to write on . ext . park - day forrest and Jenny sit on a bench . forrest Jr. swing behind they . jenny forrest , I be sick . forrest what , do you have a cough due to cold ? jenny I have some kind virus . and the doctor do not , they do not know what it be . and there be not anything they can do about it . forrest you could come home with I . Jenny , you and little forrest could come stay at my house in greenbow . I will take care of you if you be sick . jenny would you marry I , forrest ? forrest okay . ext . gump house - day a group have gather on the lawn for the wedding . Louise walk up to forrest . minister please take you seat . louise forrest , it 's time to start . Jenny walk out of the house . forrest walk over to greet she . she wear a white dress . she walk up to forrest and adjust he necktie . jenny hi. you tie . Lt. Dan be walk across the lawn . he use a cane . a woman be walk next to he . forrest Lieutenant Dan ? Lieutenant dan! lo. dan hello , forrest . Jenny walk over to forrest and Lt. Dan . forrest you get new leg . New leg ! lo. dan yeah , I get new leg . Lt. Dan lift he pant leg to display he metal leg . lo. dan custom - make titanium alloy . it 's what they use on the space shuttle . forrest Magic leg . lo. dan this be my fiancee , Susan . forrest Lieutenant dan! Susan shake forrest 's hand . susan hi , forrest . forrest Lieutenant Dan , this be my Jenny . jenny hey , it 's nice to meet you , finally . Jenny step forward and kiss Lt. Dan 's cheek . the group be seat as they watch forrest and Jenny take vow on the front lawn . forrest Jr. stand next to Jenny . minister do you , forrest , take Jenny to be you wife ? do you , Jenny , take forrest to be you husband ? if so , I pronounce you man and wife . the wind blow fall leave across the ground . Jenny , forrest , and forrest Jr. walk toward the house . they all hold hand as they walk . int . gump house - morning forrest step into Jenny 's bedroom . he carry a tray with breakfast on it . forrest look at Jenny as she sleep . slowly she wake up and look at forrest . forrest hey . jenny hey . forrest set the tray down next to Jenny as she sit up in bed . forrest open a window , then sit down next to the bed . jenny hey , forrest , be you scared in Vietnam ? forrest yes . well , I , I do not know . ext . vietnam - flashback - night forrest look up into the sky as the rain stop . forrest remove he helmet . the star emerge from behind the cloud . forrest ( v.o. ) sometimes it would stop raining long enough for the star to come out . and then it be nice . it be like just before the sun go to bed down on the bayou ... ext . bayou - flashback - sunset forrest stand on he boat and look at a deep orange and red sunset . forrest ( v.o. ) there be over a million sparkles on the water . like that mountain lake . ext . mountain lake - flashback - day forrest run along a highway . a lake reflect the mountain and the sky . forrest ( v.o . ) it be so clear , Jenny . it look like there be two sky , one on top of the other . and then in the desert , when the sun come up ... ext . desert - flashback - sunrise forrest run along a desert highway . the morning light cast a orange glow over the desert . forrest ( v.o. ) I could not tell where heaven stop and the earth begin . it be so beautiful . int . gump house - morning forrest look at Jenny . Jenny look out the window . jenny I wish I could have be there with you . forrest you be . Jenny reach over and take forrest 's hand . jenny I love you . forrest ( v.o. ) you die on a Saturday morning . ext . jenny' grave at old oak tree - day forrest stand under the old oak tree where Jenny have be bury . forrest and I have you place here under we tree . Jenny 's grave marker . forrest try to hold back he tear . forrest and I have that house of you father 's bulldoze to the ground . ext . jenny' old house - day forrest watch as Jenny 's dad 's house be knock down by a bulldozer . forrest ( v.o. ) momma ... ext . jenny' grave forrest ... always say dyin ' be a part of life . Jenny 's grave marker read : jenny gump July 16 , 1945 -- March 22 , 1982 belove mother , wife and friend forrest I sure wish it be not . Little forrest , he 's do just fine . int . gump house - night forrest Jr. read a book to forrest sit next to he . forrest jr. ( read ) " but he be not quite sure . everywhere they go , the new guest ... forrest ( v.o. ) about to start school again soon . I make he breakfast , lunch , and dinner ... ext . jenny' grave forrest look down as he sob . forrest ... every day . I make sure he comb he hair and brushes he tooth every day . Teaching he how to play ping pong . ext . gump house - night forrest try to teach forrest Jr. how to play ping -pong . forrest okay ... forrest ( v.o. ) he 's really good . forrest forrest , you go . forrest Jr. serve the ball , cause forrest dive and miss it . ext . gump house / river - day forrest and forrest Jr. sit on a log by the river and fish . forrest ( v.o. ) we fish a lot . ext . jenny' grave forrest look down at the grave marker . forrest and every night , we read a book . he 's so smart , Jenny . you would be so proud of he . I be . he , uh , write a letter , and he say I can not read it . I be not suppose to , so I will just leave it here for you . forrest place the letter down at the grave marker , next to fresh flower . the name on the envelope read : " Mom . " forrest step back and look down at the grave . forrest Jenny , I do not know if momma be right or if , if it 's Lieutenant Dan . I do not know if we each have a destiny , or if we be all just float around accidental - like on a breeze , but I , I think maybe it 's both . maybe both be happen at the same time . I miss you , Jenny . if there 's anything you need , I will not be far away . as forrest walk away , a flock of bird fly overhead and land in the tree . forrest turn and watch . ext . road - morning forrest walk with forrest Jr. for the bus . the bus drive toward they . forrest here 's you bus . okay . forrest pull " curious George " out of forrest Jr. 's backpack . forrest hey , I know this . forrest JR . I be gonna show that for show - and - tell because grandma use to read it to you . forrest look at the book . the feather from the beginning of the movie drop out of the book , unnotice . forrest my favorite book . the bus come to a stop . the door open . forrest well ... forrest put the book back into forrest Jr. 's backpack and hand it to he . forrest ...okay . hey , there you go . forrest Jr. walk toward the bus . forrest stand up . forrest hey , forrest . do not ... I want to tell you I love you . forrest JR . I love you too , daddy . forrest I will be right here when you get back . forrest Jr. look into the bus and at the bus driver . it be the same bus driver , only older now , who drive forrest to school when he be a young boy . schoold bus driver you understand this be the bus to school now , do not you ? forrest JR . of course , and you be dorothy Harris and I be forrest gump . forrest Jr. look over and wave to he father . forrest nod approvingly . forrest Jr. get on the bus . the bus pull away . forrest stand next to the mailbox . forrest sit down . the camera crane down , revealing the feather as it lie at forrest 's foot . a gust of wind pick the feather up . the feather float up into the air . forrest sit at the side of the road . the feather float higher into the air . the feather soar up into the sky and travel up and down , then cover the camera lens . the end