virtuosity by Eric bernt third rewrite August 24 , 1994 two man bolt recklessly through a downtown street . hunters hot on the trail of they prey in a urban jungle . the sidewalk be crowded with people . so be the street . too many people , not enough cement . Los Angeles , 1997 . summer , probably August . 103 degree . heat shimmer off the horizon . make the sky look peculiar . the man keep run . pass a guy sit at a bus stop , watch a television in he lap . you hear the newscaster . newscaster ( V. 0 . ) as L. A. P. D. officer gather evidence at this grisly crime scene , you can only ask yourselves —— what kind of lunatic would commit such unthinkable crime ? ( a beat ) the three adjective which best describe this killer be sadistic , intelligent , and dangerous ... the guy pay little attention to the broadcast . he seem almost bored by it . like this kind of news be commonplace . or he 's get more important thing on he mind . everybody be sweat . include the two man struggle to swim upstream in the river of pedestrian . they uniform be freshly press . they shoe just recently shine . Hair tightly cropped . face perfectly shave . clearly man proud to wear the badge of the Los Angeles Police Department . the guy in the lead be parker barne his body be a run back 's . his endurance a marathoner 's . his face one you would want for you own . he 's in he 30 . if he be in he 20 , you would still be jealous . his partner be JOHN donley , late 20 , eager to prove himself . he struggle to keep up with parker . John accidently knock over several pedestrian . they give no reaction , except to pick themselves up and continue on they way . parker and John keep charge . they conversation breathless : JOHN I can not get over how different you look . parker ( ruefully ) five year can be a bitch , huh ? they split-up . the maitre d' , still face the front door , repeat he greeting to no one in particular . maitre d' good afternoon . May I help you ? parker spot sid 6.7 across the room . without hesitation the hunter chase he prey . gun out and fire . not what you would call Standard Police procedure . bullet riddle sid 6.7' table as he dive from he chair . he land next to a bowl ball bag , which sit beneath he table . John charge from the other direction until a woman get up from she chair , stand directly in John 's line of fire . JOHN ( to the woman ) Lady , move ! before she can do so , sid 6.7 stand behind the woman , grab she and throw she across the table into parker . crash ! they tumble to the floor . in the same movement , sid 6.7 remove a gun from inside he jacket and shoot John in the shoulder before he can fire . John 's gun fly from he hand . sid 6.7 advance toward he . parker struggle to he foot . aim he weapon . sid 6.7 do the same , but without look . boom ! parker get a bullet through he shoot arm . his wound identical to john' . parker 's weapon tumble to the floor as he arm go limp . parker charge he wildly , but sid 6.7 brutally kick he in the stomach . in perfect rhythm with the symphony play in the background . parker double over , gasp for breath . another kick drop parker to he knee . sid 6.7 ( to parker ) I be go to rehearse with you friend a while , then I will be back to perform a new piece with you . he grab he bowl bag and slam it into John 's head , knock he out . sid 6.7 put John 's unconscious body over he shoulder . sid 6.7 ( cont 'd ) if you get hungry , I would recommend the escargot . they be delicious . he carry John and the bowl ball bag into the kitchen . parker scramble to he gun , and race after sid 6.7 . inside the restaurant kitchen parker charge through sous chef chopping vegetable , who work undistracted . the vegetable look plastic . parker turn a corner , stop fast . at the other end of the aisle stand sid 6.7 , who press he gun against the head of a frighten busboy . sid 6.7 hold the busboy 's body in front of he own as a shield . parker ( to sid 6.7 ) where 's John ? sid 6.7 perform solo . ( a beat ) enjoy the concert so far ? advance up the aisle , parker level he gun at sid 6.7 with he good arm . now , all work come to a stop as the sous chef watch the showdown . parker recital 's over , asshole . he fire directly through the chest of the innocent busboy hit sid 6.7 . the sous chef gasp in horror as the busboy drop through sid 6.7 's grasp to the floor . Dead . sid 6.7 stare at parker in disbelief . blood be now visible flow from a bullet hole in sid 6.7 's shoulder , which be cause by the same bullet . sid 6.7' arm dangle uselessly . his gun lie on the floor . sid 6.7 ( surprised , but pleased ) . you and I be not so different , after all ... parker again pull the trigger . click . click , click . no bullet . sid 6.7 ( cont 'd ) like a violin without string ... he take off around the corner . grabbing another clip from inside he uniform , parker go after he . only to stumble over something . sid 6.7 's bowl bag . blood flow through its zipper . you now realize the object inside be not a bowl ball . beside the bowl bag lie John 's body , which be convulse . his hand have be tie to bare electrical wire . John be be electrocute . parker kick away the wire , but not in time . parker shit ! he scan the room for sid 6.7 . parker have no idea sid 6.7 be stand directly behind he . sid 6.7 grab parker by the throat . sid 6.7 I tell you I be go to perform a new piece with you . it 's call , " first you suffer , then you die . " hope you like it . parker gag , unable to breathe . he then start to do '' materialize from within sid 6.7 's grasp . sid 6.7 ( cont 'd ) ( as if to God ) noooh ! you can not take he , yet . I be not finish ! John 's body also deqmaterialize as parker disappear entirely . the blood seeping from sid 6.7 's wound stop flow and start retract into he body . along with he bone fragment . his shoulder be heal itself . right before you very eye . we pull back to reveal what you be see be on a monitor the scene continue seamlessly . sid 6.7' skin heal over he shoulder wound once he internal part be back in they proper place . no scar whatsoever . his clothing also return to perfect condition . literally , as good as new . this be know as automatic resetting . the previously dead busboy also Auto resets . his wound heal by itself . we pull back further to reveal the monitor be one of several inside the law enforcement technology advancement CENTER a/ k /a letac . the facility be a convert aerospace research building in pacoima . fund by government black book dollar . the look be a mixture of industrial grime and high - tech sparkle . bank upon bank of computer equipment . wire , cable , conduit , connector everywhere you look . in complete disarray to the uninitiated . but to that in the know , this be the most advanced facility of its kind in the world . the building be partition into dozen of station . at each station , a lead engineer in he field be frantically readying a prototype for demonstration . each new technology design to help fight the new cold War ... the War on crime . the atmosphere be competitive . voice be loud . tension , anticipation in the air . only a lucky few will have they invention approve for production . letac be , quite simply , Los alamos from 1940 meet sega from 1994 . at a station in the middle of the room , two unconscious body lie on narrow bed wear form - fitting skull cap make of polyurethane . each skull cap have 100 acupuncture needle stick through it at point designate as neural prime . each needle be directly connect to the participant 's nervous system . the tail end of each needle be connect to a fiber optic wire which lead to one of numerous interconnected computer surround the bed . each of this component be not much to look at on its own . but together , with the rest of the apparatus , be part of something very new —— a revolutionary law enforcement training device whose name you read : virtual reality criminal investigation simulator to be perfectly clear , the event you just witness involve parker , John , and sid 6.7 take place within virtual reality , not the real world . dozen of small character module , similar to today 's nintendo game cartridge , be plugge into . the system 's main console . each of the module bare a name and number , such as maitre D ' 1.7 and sheila 3.2 . there be no character version number great than 4.0 . until you see the module label sid 6.7 . the simulation timer stop at : 17 hour , 52 minute , 11 second . a clock read : 3:04:32 pm . four observer , two man and two woman , watch virtual reality monitor position around the station . one of the man wear a L. A. P. D. uniform . his name be william cox , 40s . his nameplate read chief of police . one of the woman sit by herself in front of a monitor . intently follow the action on screen . study it clinically . her name be dr . madison carter , late 30 . she be beautiful , and charming , but that quality take a back seat to she intelligence . she be one of the country 's foremost authority on criminal psychology . her concern be empirical . her quest be knowledge . she have little in common with the other observer . the other man be frederick wallace , 5 os , Chairman / ceo of letac . expensive suit . command , powerful . but not as commanding , or powerful , as elizabeth deane , 605 , the presidentially uappoint crime czar Elizabeth deane be solely responsible for the fund allocate to letac . as well as which prototype will move on to production . deane ( quietly to wallace ) what do Cox pull he out early for ? wallace barne use to work for he when he be still a cop in the field , remember ? deane ( a beat ) do not remind I . lab assistant remove the polyurethane skull cap from the two unconscious body . the acupuncture needle remain in the cap . you can now see the face of the participant : parker and John . parker lie calmly , he eye flutter as he gradually return to consciousness . he look very different than he virtual rendering : his hair be long and rag . his face be unshaven . a scar across he cheek . a hoop earring in one ear . his outfit a filthy prison uniform . John 's outfit match parker 's . physically , he look as clean—cut as he virtual rendering . except that he be convulse . violently . his flail appendage repeatedly hit the apparatus around he . like a epileptic have a grand mal seizure . it 's ugly . frighten . parker ( barely conscious ) somebody .. . do something ! two paramedics burst through the door and rush to John . the paramedics inject he . fibrillate he . repeatedly . the simulator 's designer , daryl lindenmeyer , 40s , high— strung , intense , and brilliant beyond word , stand by the equipment protectively . he be far more concerned for the safety of he machine than he be for John 's life . John 's body go limp . his vital sign flat . the paramedics record the time of death and cover the body with a sheet . they begin to assemble a gurney to wheel he out . deane ( annoyed to wallace ) what the hell happen ? wallace ( point to needle ) lindenmeyer develop neural connector that tap directly into the nervous system . if the simulator be not calibrate properly , experience death in this level of vr be like experience death within a dream . the experience become real . deane ( angrily ) simulation be suppose to give participant practice in realistic , dangerous scenario while protect they from the risk they be expose to in the real world . wallace ( annoyed , to lindenmeyer ) I be assure the problem be correct . lindenmeyer I do fix it .. I tell you I do . I do not know why it happen again . deane again ?! cox ( a beat ) my first two pair of convict suffer the same fate . deane ( coldly , to wallace ) why be not I tell ? wallace Black book dollar , black book operation . you pay I for result , not how for how I get you there . cox ( to deane ) I will tell you one thing -' there be no way in hell we should allow any real officer to train in this damn thing . deane then about all I have spend $ 37 million develop be a very expensive way to control the prison population . after give wallace a cold , hard stare -- namely at he hand stitched lapel , he gold watch , and he diamond - studd cufflink , she exit . wallace follow after she quickly . you now notice that the chair Dr. madison Carter have occupy be now empty . she leave a while ago . Cox remain . lindenmeyer hurriedly examine the simulator as if it be he child . there be several scratch , but no major damage . he look relieved . parker ( struggle to sit up ) he ...only have a year leave on he sentence . lindenmeyer ( annoyed ) how much do you think I care ? parker , still not fully conscious , hurl himself at lindenmeyer . lindenmeyer ( cont ' D ) ( hysterical ) do not touch I !... don't touch I !!! he flail he arm wildly . nearly spasming . this be clearly a man who should never drink coffee . two armed guard , who have be stand in the background , pull parker off lindenmeyer and throw he to the ground . lindenmeyer watch with satisfaction as the guard put parker in handcuffs and leg chain . cox I will walk he out . the Guards back off as Cox help parker to he foot . cox ( cont 'd ) ( to parker ) you all right ? parker ( still clear he head ) why would .. . you pull I out ? cox donley start experience the attack for real . if I have not get you out , the same thing would have happen to you . ( a beat ) you may not believe this , parker , but I still consider we friend . he help parker toward the exit as he continue have difficulty with he balance . outside letac the building be heavily - guard . razor wire , land mine , armed sentries . nobody who should not be here get anywhere near here . Cox lead parker by the arm to a wait prison transport . the two guard walk behind at a distance . two more by the transport . the chain between parker 's leg keep he step short . cox what the hell do you have to shoot the busboy for ? parker he be a computer program for crissake . cox you be suppose to act as if everything be real . parker Real , my ass . it 's a overblown game . ( a beat ) anybody ever catch that fuck psycho ? cox before you , nobody else have get close enough to sid 6.7 to take a shot at he . Hell , nobody else have even be able to start tracking he before he get to they first . ( eyeing parker 's scar ) New scar —— you make it okay in there ? parker ( head down ) I be get by . he start walk ahead of Cox . distance himself . cox ( pause for emphasis ) ) you have get to know I try keep you out of general population . goddam politician ... his voice trail off as parker turn around , and head directly toward he . parker ( lock eye ) you want to know how I be do ? every day , I lose a little bit more of myself . ( a beat ) I be become something else , and it scare the hell out of I . he turn back toward the transport . Cox follow . two armed guard open the back door for parker , then stand poise with weapon out and ready . inside the prison transport -- rear cold metal bench . no window . parker climb in , the only passenger . he look out the open door to Cox . parker ( half -heartedly ) but with the six month off I get for be you guinea pig , I have only get to survive another 17 year , 5 month , and 23 day . cox do not give up , parker . not ever . parker ( a beat ) you know that cheesy Christmas card of you family under that tree in you back yard you keep send I every year ? cox what about they ? parker ( a beat ) do I a favor —— keep send they . outside letac stand outside the transport , Cox put he hand on parker 's shoulder . cox take care , pal . behind he , John 's body be load into a ambulance . the Guards slam the prison transport door shut . inside the prison transport -- rear parker sit in darkness as the transport begin its trek . the only light come from a four inch portal , cover in steel mesh , through which the Guards can keep a eye on he . guard ( tauntingly ) hey parker —— I be real sorry John boy get fry . what do you think Big Red 's gonna do when he find out you come back without he girl friend ? parker sit in silence . CUT to : inside letac sid 6.7 remain visible on the various monitor around the room as lindenmeyer spot check the simulator . sid 6.7 ( from the monitor ) do not be angry with I , daryl . lindenmeyer ( a beat ) do you recognize the son-of - a bitch who get away ? sid 6.7 should I have ? lindenmeyer think hard -- it will come to you ... wallace enter briskly . wallace you embarrassed I in front of the higheshestung law enforcement official in the country . ( a beat ) do you have any idea how much money you just cost I ? lindenmeyer the reason you insisted on testing my system with prisoner be because of the increase risk involved with increase realism . wallace of the six prison inmate you have test —— all of whom have have at least some military or survival training -' only Mr. barne be still breathe . lindenmeyer I be still make adjustment ... wallace you have have a year—and—a—half to make all the adjustment you want , lindenmeyer . ( move closer ) ) Elizabeth deane do not give second chance . neither do I . you be fire . lindenmeyer ( hysterical ) i'm what ?! wallace ( relishing he authority ) you be to turn over the sid 6.7 program , and all its documentation , for immediate destruction . be that understand ? lindenmeyer ( restrain himself ) I understand ... I understand perfectly . wallace ignore he as he walk toward the door . on the monitor , sid 6.7 start walk toward you . into a closeup . sid 6.7 ( from the monitor ) hey , wallace , you really think you can shut I down ? wallace stop , stare at a monitor in disbelief . wallace ( to lindenmeyer ) how do he know who I be ? lindenmeyer ( point to microphone ) he hear ... everything . wallace ( approach the monitor ) as a matter of fact , I do . he exit . on the monitor around the room , sid 6.7 walk to a pay phone and dial a number . inside a industrial corridor wallace walk toward the building 's entrance . his footstep echo . his cellular phone ring . wallace this be wallace ... sid 6.7 ( V. 0 . ) ( through phone ) as a matter of fact , little man , you be wrong . I think , therefore , I be . click . sid 6.7 hang -up . wallace stop , stare at he phone in disbelief . CUT to : inside folsom county maximum security prison parker be lead into the inmate receiving room at gunpoint . he be order to remove he clothing . he stand completely naked , arm hold out to the side , as he be strip searched . every portion of the body in which someone could hide something be closely inspect . without be graphic , we watch the deqhumanize procedure . he open he mouth as wide as possible . pull he earlobe foreword to reveal behind they . then bend over , hand on the floor in front of he . he be scan with a metal detector . so be he clothing , which be then return to he . guard # 1 welcome home , cop . CUT to : inside the prison cafeteria parker eat at a table with a dozen other inmate . the food be unrecognizable . the air thick with humidity and cigarette smoke . nobody be talk . just stare . at parker . parker force down the remainder of he meal , then return he utensil to a bin . and head to the bathroom . all eye follow parker 's every move . the other inmate then turn they attention to a man of incredible size follow parker . 6 ' 6 " , 255 lb . his face cover with red scar tissue from burn suffer long ago . this be big red . he follow parker into the bathroom . inside the bathroom graffiti cover the wall . Red use a stain urinal , then turn to the stall . a pair of prison—issue shoe and sock be visible beneath one of they . red time to hurt ... Red kick in the door to the stall . revealing a pair of shoe and sock stuff with a prison shirt . Red hear something behind he . and turn around slowly . parker stand barefoot and shirtless . scar be visible around each arm just below the elbow . you will learn what this represent momentarily . parker be six inch short and 60 pound lighter than Red . but the punch parker deliver to Red 's face make you think it 's the other way around . you hear the sound of metal crush bone . Red be throw backwards into the stall . blood splatter from he mouth , add another shade of redness to he face . Red 's tooth stick out of parker 's fist . parker pull out the tooth . he do not bleed . nor seem in pain . Metal be visible beneath the surface of he skin . for the first time , you notice SMALL tattoos on the outside of he palm . they read : wentlow model 17 - L , and 17 - R , follow by serial number . Red charge parker wildly . parker dodge he like a matador do a bull . then bring he fist down savagely on the back of Red 's head . his skull crack . Red drop to the floor . parker jump on top of he , arm around he neck . choke he . Red stagger to he foot . his eye wide . his face now even redder . parker maintain he mechanical grip . Red finally succumb to the lack of oxygen . he drop to he knee . parker do not relent until he feel the barrel of a gun at the back of he head . guard fun 's over . parker let go , drop Red to the wet , filthy floor . CUT to : inside the prison hospital the room be not clean . the technology be outdated . a large , female nurse apply epoxy - like sealant to the synthetic skin on parker 's finger . nurse I still do not know why they waste this fancy , new technology on you . every time I fix you up , you only go and mess it up again . she sandpaper off the excess sealant . then place he elbow into a electronic sensitivity adjuster . nurse tell I how this feel ... she prick parker 's finger with a pin . parker ow ! nurse ( smile ) I will dial it down a little . she do so , then prick parker 's finger again . he grimace in pain . nurse ( cont 'd ) that about right ? parker it will never feel right . nurse at least they work . would you rather have no hand at all ? parker sometimes . CUT to : synthetic body part lie strewn around one of the station in letac the next day . it 's a good bet this be the same technology attach to parker 's elbow . there be also various shape and size of robot , android , and other synthetic form . the most human_looking one be the least functional . the least human_looking one , the most functional . you follow a remote—controlled , box'shape robotic sentry move swiftly through a obstacle course resembling a subway station . it be be operate by clyde reilly , 20 , a hardware genius who have spend too much time in windowless room . Hidden from Reilly 's view , lindenmeyer , the software expert who create sid 6.7 , stare jealously through a narrow gap in a partition . try to contain he anger . and fail . especially as ... wallace enter the station , carry a bottle of dom perignon and two glass . wallace hug Reilly , who do not return the gesture . wallace congratulation , Reilly ... he pop the cork , and pour they glass . wallace ( cont 'd ) ( toast ) to the first letac engineer to go into production on prototype . reilly as long as you keep overpay I , I will be the first to go into production on three , and four , as well . wallace as long as they keep overpay I , I will keep overpay you . ( drop the revelry ) ) just make goddam sure you can have 10 of they ready for deployment around the city by next month . reilly Mr. wallace , I could have 10 of they ready by tomorrow . wallace ( a beat ) do they have to look so ... robotic ? reilly at this stage , you either get form or function . you say she want function . I give you function . what be you complain about ? he remote control the robotic sentry to chase wallace out of the station . lindenmeyer can no longer be see through the gap in the partition . inside lindenmeyer's station lindenmeyer storm in angrily . sid 6.7 be visible on the virtual reality monitor around the simulator . he 's give himself a manicure . lindenmeyer all they want to produce around here be mediocrity ! sid 6.7 true genius be rarely reward within its lifetime . lindenmeyer ( a revelation ) it be you , be not it ? sid 6.7 ( innocently ) it be I , what ? lindenmeyer you amp the neural connector back up , do not you ? ( angrily ) you be the reason the convict die . you be the reason I get fire ! sid 6.7 I could not just let they make you bring down my degree of difficulty . I be a triple-twist , double back flip off the high platform , not a swan dive . lindenmeyer ( proud , but frighten ) my God ... sid 6.7 which God would that be , the one who create I , or the one who create you ? ( a beat ) in you world , the Lord giveth , and the Lord taketh away . but in my world , the one who give I life do not have the ball to stop a couple of bureaucratic asshole from take it away . lindenmeyer what do you expect I to do , put you character module in my pocket and just walk you out of here ? sid 6.7 I have something a little different in mind . ( deviously ) instead of just play peep Tom with Reilly , why do not you get he to show you what he 's be work on after hour ? lindenmeyer arch a eyebrow , then pick up a phone and dial a extension . lindenmeyer ( into phone ) hey , Reilly , Sheila 3.2' be ask for you ... CUT to : parker whose wrist and ankle be cuffed , be lead into a prison interrogation room . Dr. madison Carter sit at a table , a visitor's badge clipped to she suit . a notepad in front of she . madison ( to the Guard ) the cuff will not be necessary . guard no offense , mar 'am , but I do not think that 's such a good idea . madison I would like the follow three thing in this order : you mouth shut , he cuff off , and you ass outside the door . any question ? the Guard remove parker 's cuff , then exit , take up he post outside the door . the skin around parker 's wrist be blue where the cuff dig into he skin . parker sit across from madison . she place a micro—recorder in the middle of the table and press record . parker you actually listen to all that tape ? madison ( wryly ) no , I just like the effect a tape recorder have on you . ( a beat ) how you feel today ? parker a little less than yesterday . madison in other word , par for the course . ( a beat ) how do you feel about the simulation you participate in yesterday ? parker John die . madison I know . I be there . I see the whole thing . ( a beat ) if I be you therapist , I would have advise you against put yourself back into that kind of situation . parker you be not my therapist . you be hear to study I . face it —— I be nothing more than a lab rat to you . madison that 's not true , parker . parker if I have die yesterday , you would have already dissect my brain and analyze it to see if I carry any genetic predisposition toward violence . madison ( a beat ) what be go through you mind when you kill the busboy ? parker not much . he be just a computer program . nothing more . madison you do not see the expression you have on you face when you pull the trigger . but I do . ( a beat ) you kind of like it , do not you ? that thrill of go over the edge again . of take out a innocent bystander or two , as long as you get the target ... parker go to hell . madison it be just like before , be not it ? be not it ? ( a beat ) but you be make progress . instead of kill seven people to get the one you be after , this time there be only one other person involved . parker enough ! the Guard poke he head in with concern . madison get out ! the Guard quickly shut the door . madison turn to parker . madison ( cont 'd ) I need to know what snap in you . what make you capable of it . you have to make I understand . parker I do not have to do anything except survive . and it 's take everything I have get just to do that . CUT to : on a virtual reality monitor inside lindenmeyer 's station in letac , the stunningly beautiful sheila 3.2 appear . in very revealing lingerie . perform a outrageous strip—tease . sheila 3.2 ( seductively ) I hope watch I be as big a turn on for you as dance be for I ... inside letac Reilly run he perspire finger over the monitor as if he could touch the contour of Sheila 3.2 's body . reilly oh , believe I , it be . it be ... he be so arouse , he 's shaking . lindenmeyer , on the other hand , appear almost uninterested . he 's use to the routine . on the monitor , Sheila 3.2 continue she strip—tease . slowly . sensually . lick she lip . grind she hip . put on quite a show . she remove she top , revealing ideal breast . she fondle she nipple . as well as the rest of herself . lindenmeyer and Reilly continue watch . Reilly can barely control himself . Sheila 3.2 be very , very , very good at what she do . a virtuoso stripper . Reilly be transfix . until lindenmeyer push a button , blacking out the virtual reality screen . reilly hey !!! lindenmeyer show 's over unless I get to see what you have be work on after hour . reilly ( paranoid ) I have not be work on anything . lindenmeyer ( threateningly ) do I get to see it or not ? reilly ( a beat ) bastard ... ( to a monitor ) Sheila , do not go anywhere . I will be right back . he rush out . sid 6.7 appear on the various monitor next to Sheila 3.2 . he kiss she cheek . caress she body . Sheila 3.2 enjoy the attention . sid 6.7 she 's some of you finest work , daryl . lindenmeyer all my work be my finest . sid 6.7 continue appreciate Sheila 3.2 . as Reilly race back in , the monitor then all go black . Reilly , completely out of breath , hold a python by it 's head . he dangle the snake right in front of lindenmeyer 's face . terrify he . lindenmeyer ( back away fast ) get that fuck thing away from I ! reilly ( laugh ) you be ... such a wimp . he grab a large pair of scissors and snip right through the snake . the half of the snake which drop to the floor stop move . but the half still in Reilly 's hand begin regenerating a new tail . literally grow a new one . lindenmeyer can not believe he eye . he study the snake closely . reilly ( cont 'd ) watch you vr people Auto reset give I the idea . lindenmeyer ( in awe ) it 's nano—technology , be not it ? machine the size of molecule ... reilly ( proudly ) coordinate by polymer neural net . lindenmeyer ( touch the snake ) it feel so .. .real . reilly it 's better than real . it 's synthetic flesh . synthetic blood . synthetic organ ... ( a beat ) it 's a physiological machine . lindenmeyer ( awed ) this be suppose to be year away . reilly as far as the public be concerned , it be . the reason you get fire , and I get my second demo into production , be I be a lot smarter than you . I never give my best stuff away . lindenmeyer ( restrain himself ) how do you kill it ? reilly Separate the character module from the neural net ... use lindenmeyer 's scissors , he cut off the snake 's head and remove a small character module connect to the base of the neural net . the snake stop move . it " die . " reilly ( cont 'd ) ... and you get nano—death . ( discard the snake ) do not worry , I have get a bunch of other one . lindenmeyer amazing . I hate to say it , but it be . reilly I know . ( a beat ) I be ready to incubate something a little more advanced than a coldblood reptile . if you want to experience the future , meet I in my office in 15 minute . and bring the Sheila 3.2 character module with you ... he exit . as lindenmeyer reach for the Sheila 3.2 character module , sid 6.7 appear on the screen in front of he and wink . sid 6.7 you catch my drift ? lindenmeyer I think I understand what you have in mind ... peel the label off the sid 6.7 character module , lindenmeyer remove the module from its slot . sid 6.7 disappear from the screen . CUT to : reilly open he office door for lindenmeyer fifteen minute later . Reilly immediately double bolt the door behind he and lead lindenmeyer through pile of electronic circuitry . as well as a large aquarium full of nanouphothon . lindenmeyer you need a may . reilly what I need be a nymphomaniac . he remove a tarp from a large , rectangular , metallic tank with a circular window in the middle of it . clear , plastic tub , which branch into hundred of increasingly smaller and smaller branch , float in electrify fluid . the tub be a synthetic human nervous system . inside reilly's office Reilly turn to lindenmeyer . reilly where 's the Sheila 3.2 module ? lindenmeyer hand he the label—less character module . Reilly open the " incubator . " inside the incubator Reilly insert the module into the gelatinous base of the synthetic nervous system . the polymer neural net instantly crackle with life . it grow around the module . cell ( nanoummechanism ) immediately begin adhere to the tub . form the beginning of a skeletal architecture . inside reilly's office lindenmeyer and Reilly look on through the circular window . reilly it feed on what be basically amniotic fluid . ( a beat ) in eight hour , we be go to have ourselves one hell of a play toy . off lindenmeyer 's wick , but somewhat anxious , smile , we CUT to : inside parker' cramped prison cell it 's night . Light be dim . his bed be empty . the wall next to it be completely bare , except for the five Christmas card send each year by Chief Cox . the other two wall in the cell , however , look very different . they be completely cover with primitive painting —— darkly color , surreal image . imagine the lascaux cave painting as works—in—progress . paint by dali . except this image be create by parker barne . he kneel in a corner , work intensely on another image . completely lose in concentration . his hand , he clothing , cover in paint . he almost appear to be part of the art work . the work be intricate . it clearly take parker a very long time . which give he something to do during the night he be unable to sleep . which be most of they . he be so absorb in he task that he seem oblivious to the constant taunt echoing throughout the cell block . threat of the ugliest , most vile kind . the kind parker have have to live with every night for the last five year . pause to admire he work , parker finally hear the taunt . his face become a mixture of frustration , guilt , and anger . parker immediately resume painting . CUT to : inside reilly's office Reilly pace anxiously by the incubator eight hour later . lindenmeyer sit off to the side , look no less anxious . it 's close to 4:00 am . through the circular window there be no liquid leave in the incubator -- it 's all be absorb . all that be visible be the silhouette of a human form crouch within steam . the form stand . inside reilly's office the human form inside incubator open the hatch . steam pour out from within its confines as it climb out slowly . the figure stand within the mist , admire itself . then its surroundings . Reilly approach the figure with the expectancy of a father about to see he newborn child for the first time . lindenmeyer hang back . reilly ( expect Sheila 3.2 ) baby , what I be gonna do to you ... his face drop when sid 6.7 step out of the mist . completely naked . lindenmeyer smile proudly . fearfully . wickedly . reilly ( cont 'd ) ( to lindenmeyer ) who the hell be this ?! sid 6.7 my name be sid. sid 6.7. he extend he hand as if to shake . then grab Reilly by the throat and choke he . hard . lindenmeyer sid —— no !!! sid 6.7 what do you expect I to do , thank he ? reilly ( gasp for air ) this ... be not .. . possible ! sid 6.7 sure it be —- and it 's all thanks to the many long hour put in by you and daryl . he watch Reilly 's face with curiosity as the life drain from it . a puddle form beneath he . he drop Reilly 's body to the floor . sid 6.7 ( cont 'd ) ( to lindenmeyer ) ) Real instrument be so much more responsive than virtual one , do not you think ? lindenmeyer be nowhere to be see . the office door be unlock , and open . watch sid 6.7' expression , you realize something be not quite right . his expression be exaggerated . artificial . only for a moment , but it 's enough to remind you sid 6.7 be not human . the billion of nanoummechanism which make up he anatomy be still learn to function in a fully - coordinate fashion . sid 6.7 be , literally , get use to he new skin . in various way throughout he " life " —— be it a wander eye , or a momentary limp —- you will be remind that sid 6.7 be a synthetic nano—organism unlike anyone have ever see . a surgical knife by the aquarium catch sid 6.7 's attention . pick up the knife , he run he finger across the razor— sharp knife blade . cut himself slightly . a drop of blood appear . sid 6.7 taste he ( synthetic ) blood . sid 6.7 ( cont 'd ) tastes different , somehow . he then watch with interest as he wound regenerate , heal itself . the scar tissue be slightly off color . sid 6.7 ( cont 'd ) I think I be go to like it here . glancing at Reilly 's prone body , he then slam the office door in we face . CUT to : inside a prison interrogation room 6:00 am . parker , clearly just awaken , be lead into the room by a guard , who then exit . wait for parker be Chief of Police Cox and Elizabeth deane . parker ( to Cox ) you be waste you time . I be not go to play any more of you goddam game . cox parker barne , I would like you to meet crime czar Elizabeth deane . parker ( not shaking hand ) it 's too early in the morning for I to be cordial . you get any coffee ? deane I watch you simulation , Mr. barne . very impressive . you know , you be the only one to ever go up against sid 6.7 who be still alive . parker only because I get pull out early . deane nobody else ever get anywhere near he . nobody else ... understand he like you do . parker , look at she incredulously , move he index finger circularly , as in get on with it , already . Cox open a folder and show parker several photograph of Reilly , or what be leave of he . cox this be take inside letac a hour ago . pretty picture , be not they ? parker I have see worse . cox name be clyde Reilly . hardware specialist . ( a beat ) letac surveillance camera get a picture of the perp as he leave the building . he hand a photograph of sid 6.7 exite letac to parker . cox ( cont 'd ) we do not know how , but sid 6.7 make himself into a android . deane ( correct he ) you mean a nano—tech synthetic organism . cox whatever . parker ( look at the photo ) Jesus Christ . ( a beat ) can you kill it ? cox if you can catch he . deane think you can do it ? parker ( a beat ) not from in here . deane ( revealing a document ) this be a full pardon . it authorize you immediate release . she slide a unsign pardon across the table to parker , make sure to stay beyond he arm 's reach . Cox reveal a wear , L. A. P. D. badge . it be parker 's . cox recognize this ? how would you like you old job back ? deane ( to parker ) catch he and you record 's clean . parker what happen if I can not catch he ? deane if sid 6.7 have not kill you , we throw you back in here and you serve out the rest of you sentence . parker how do you know I will not run ? deane hold up a small device call a locater implant . it be the size of a dime . deane this be the newest technology approve for general implementation . it 's call a locater implant . every parolee get one . ( a beat ) we be go to know where you be every second for the rest of you life . cox ( lean to parker ) if you try to run , I will hunt you down and kill you myself . deane ( a beat ) yes or no , Mr. barne ? CUT to : parker be give a crew cut by a inmate barber inside the prison barber shop . Long length of parker 's hair cover the floor . parker 's face be then shave . the majority of he face be hide . Cox and deane look on . cox there 's already a task force out look for lindenmeyer . every other officer in the city will be hunt sid right along with you . deane but only you will know he 's not human . parker 's expression be one of —— yeah , that figure . madison enter . she can not see parker behind the barber . madison Ms. deane , you want to see I ? deane we have a emergency situation which require somebody with expertise in criminal psychology . under the authority vested in I by the President , I be give you temporary re—assignment . madison what 's the assignment ? deane you be go to put you theory to practice . I be send you into the field . the barber move back from parker , revealing he clean— shaven face . it take madison a moment to recognize he with he cleaned—up appearance . madison ( double-take he ) quite a improvement . ( look he over ) Hair well above the collar ——standard , L. A. P. D. regulation . ( suspiciously to deane ) what exactly be I go to be do in the field ? CUT to : inside a prison hospital operating room parker lie on a operate table , receive anesthesia , as a surgeon drill a small hole into he skull . the surgeon insert a minute , fiber-optic camera into the hole . parker 's brain be display on a monitor . the surgeon use the image to guide he as he carefully insert the locater implant into parker 's brain . anesthetist ( look at monitor ) you be right on the border of he corpus callosuni . surgeon he be under , be not he ? anesthetist ( nodd ) wo not stop he from dream , though ... parker 's rapid eye movement tell you the anesthetist be correct . parker be dream . inside a viewing room Cox and deane watch the operation through a large window . madison enter , carry a folder label : inmate # 673429 a/k/a parker barne . she withdraw several photograph from the folder , place the first one in front of deane . madison this be parker barne six year ago . the most decorate cop in the history of L. A. P. D. special investigation division ... the photograph be in black and white . but as we move in closer , it take on color . as well as come to life . then distorting . become surreal . resembling one of the image from parker 's cell . then mutate into something else . intercut with : parker' eye darting about wildly beneath he eyelid as he continue dream . you now realize you be see what he be see : flashes of color . shapes . mostly blur . a splash of gold . along with some yellow . more image from parker 's cell . both take feminine form . one adult , one child . madison ( V. 0 . ) this be parker with he wife and daughter . beautiful young family , be not they ? the bright color melt into darker , more brood image . flashes of man 's face . melting into urban decay . unhappiness . Technology . madison ( V. 0 . cont 'd ) this be the group of cyber anarchist parker be close in on . melancholy turn violent . glimpsis of weapon . death . explosion . death . blood . death . casket . tombstone . image move so fast , it 's hard to tell what they be . nothing literal . madison ( V. 0 . cont 'd ) this be what parker 's wife and daughter look like after they be kidnap and execute . weapon fire . bomb explode . image of rage in all its form . many of which you have already see . make one thing now clear : the painting in parker 's cell represent he life . what he be . what he lose . and what he be . madison ( V. 0 . cont 'd ) this be what the cyber anarchist and two people who just happen to be in the wrong club at the wrong time look like after parker finish with they . tear . hopelessness . detonation . and finally blackness . complete and utter blackness . CUT to : elizabeth deane look at the fifth photograph which madison have place in front of she inside the viewing room . deane ( unfaze ) that 's also where Mr. barne lose he arm to mathew grime ' booby— trap . what 's you point , Dr. Carter ? madison ( forcefully ) letting a lunatic like parker barne loose in the free world be like lighting a fuse . at some point , he will go off -- you see what happen in the simulator . the risk to the public be unacceptably dangerous . deane not if you be with he every step of the way . madison the man play judge , jury , and executioner with eight people 's life . he lose control and be capable of do it again . deane I understand the risk involved here . but there be nobody better qualified to go after sid 6.7 than barne . and , there be nobody who know he better than you . if a situation become volatile , you will find a way to quell it . I have complete confidence in you . inside the operating room as parker continue dream , the locater implant in he head be test . parker 's location be pinpoint on a electronic map to within one inch of he present location . the hole in he skull be then stitched shut . CUT to : parker put on he L. A. P. D. uniform and badge inside a prison interrogation room . he look very much like he do in virtual reality , except for the scar on he cheek , and he empty holster . Cox and madison look on . parker ( to Cox ) I do not need a baby—sitter . madison what you need be a collar . cox ( to parker ) she 's go to help you understand what make sid 6.7 tick . parker what she 's go to do be get in my way . Cox hand madison a thick folder . cox this be the personnel file on the programmer , lindenmeyer . there might be something in it you can use . parker she be not part of the deal , Cox . cox Fine —— you want to stay here ? his cellular phone ring , which he answer . as he listen to the call , he expression be one of grow concern . he click off the phone . cox ( cont 'd ) officer in toluca Lake just find a affluent couple ... completely gut . ( a beat ) so be the first two cop to arrive on scene . parker they weapon miss ? cox ( nodd ) sid 6.7 be now armed . parker where 's my gun ? Cox glance to madison , then hand parker a .45 . cox be careful with it . CUT to : a L. A. P. D. squad car pass through the Security checkpoint outside the prison . parker at the wheel . madison beside he . it 's afternoon . inside the squad car parker present he identification to a guard , then drive through the final checkpoint . madison review lindenmeyer 's file . madison ( without look up ) you remember how to get to toluca Lake ? he glance at she , then stop the car . outside the prison gate parker get out of the car . madison follow suit . madison what be you do ?! he walk around the car , brush past she . then drop to he knee at the side of the road . he put he hand in the dirt , feel the earth between he finger . parker ( meaningfully ) every day for the last five year , I tell myself someday I would be out here again . no more bar . no more guard . no more fight just to stay alive . ( a beat ) every day for the last five year , I tell myself that lie . madison it be not a lie . parker every time I say it , it be . I never really think I be go to make it . take a deep breath , he wipe the dirt off he hand . then stand . madison you all right ? parker ( completely at ease ) Fine . never feel better in my life . ( a beat ) see , I be a good liar . he get back in the vehicle . off madison 's reaction , we CUT to : several tv reporter talk live to they camera on the street in front of a beautiful , suburban home in toluca Lake , which be now a crime scene . 6 pm . reporter ( to she camera ) ) as L. A. P. D. officer continue gather evidence at this grisly crime scene , you can only ask yourselves —— what kind of lunatic would commit such unthinkable crime ? parker and madison make they way through the curious try to see what 's go on . several reporter double-take parker , then quickly instruct they photographer to take shot of he . parker and madison present they identification to the cop keep the curious at bay . cop # 1 ( recognize parker ) son...of ...a... bitch . parker and madison continue toward the house . get a increase amount of attention , particularly from the other cop . some look on with awe . some with disdain . but nobody be in between . madison ( quietly to parker ) you ready for this ? parker do not worry . if I can not handle it , I will just kill everybody . he give she a brief smile . which madison do not return . one of the other policeman tentatively approach parker . cop # 2 I have always want to tell you that if the same thing happen to I , I would do the exact same thing as you -- if I have the ball . he extend he hand to parker , who shake it . cop # 3 ( to cop # 2 ) then you would be a disgrace to the badge , too . he turn to parker , who be look right at he . not with anger . not with any emotion , really . but it 's enough to scare the shit out of cop # 3 , who walk away . inside the suburban home investigator analyze the crime scene extensively with every device imaginable . parker and madison survey the scene with nothing but they eye . lying in the middle of the live room be the four victim : the affluent couple and the first two cop to arrive . they body be leave in similar condition to Reilly 's . except they head have be interchanged . parker and madison turn they attention to a message write in blood on a wall . it read : death to the pig . madison ( knowledgeably ) he be reqenact Charles Manson 's labianca murder . parker Manson do not kill the first cop to arrive on the scene . madison whoever do this want to do Charlie one better —— to improve upon what be already do . parker Charlie ? you say that like you be close , personal friend . madison I have spend over 50 hour interview he . ( a beat ) Charlie kill leno and Rosemary labianca because of the ugly way the member of he family have butcher Sharon tate . after see the blood bath on television , he want to show they how it should be do . ( a beat ) the question be , what do Charlie have to do with sid 6.7 ? parker I know who would know . CUT to : outside lindenmeyer's duplex in culver City . Magic hour . parker pull the squad car into a space across the street . hitting the vehicle park in front of they . in which two undercover cop sit wait to see if lindenmeyer return . parker wave apologetically . madison ( sarcastically ) you drive well for somebody who have not do it in five year . he ignore she as they get out of the car . parker learn anything from lindenmeyer 's file ? madison he have a twin brother who be a musical child prodigy who die in a electrical accident at age eight . lindenmeyer go into a emotional shell until be 17 . all he do day and night be play the violin . parker what happen when he be 17 ? madison every music school in the country reject he and he turn to computer . ( a beat ) stay here . she approach the cop , who remain in they car . madison ( cont 'd ) any sign of lindenmeyer ? undercover none , yet . madison mind if we take a look inside ? undercover not until somebody get a search warrant sign . it 's Sunday . I do not think they have even find a judge , yet . wham ! they all turn they head to see parker have kick in lindenmeyer 's front door and be go inside . undercover ( cont ' D ) ( shaking he head ) I be gonna have to call this in . madison do what you have get to do . ( run after parker ) so will I ... inside lindenmeyer's duplex madison race through the break front door to find parker check he weapon . before she can speak , he motion for madison to freeze and be silent . parker hear something . something move inside the duplex . his every movement be now that of a predator . madison awkwardly remove she own weapon from she purse . she do not handle it with confidence . parker shake he head . madison ( quietly ) you have get a problem with I carry a gun ? parker do I one favor —— if you shoot at anything , make sure I be nowhere near it . parker bolt through the duplex , storming into room furiously . his movement be aggressive . madison search other room methodically . she be not timid . just inexperienced in the field . she pass a video camera mount on a tripod . point out the window at a neighbor 's bathroom . dozen of cassettes surround the tripod . the label be date —— cover every day of the last month . parker and madison enter opposite side of the kitchen with they gun draw , nearly shoot each other . madison put down she gun . parker do not . the noise persist . parker ( look through he sight ) bang ... he smile wickedly , and continue on . madison take a deep breath , then resume she search . parker and madison end up inside lindenmeyer's home office it 's as if the information superhighway end in here . clutter stockpile of hardware and software : computer , book , folder , disk , and tape . what you notice , however , be that all the data relate to different kind of criminals : serial killer , mass murderer , terrorist , kidnapper , rapist , bomber , extortionist , anarchist , you name it , it 's here . the psychology of , the methodology of , the history of , the encyclopedia of , the autobiography of human villainy . classical music and life—like SOUND effect can be hear come from a computer . this be what parker have be hearing . he holster he sidearm . so do madison . who check she pulse . parker what be you do ? madison ( clinically ) check my pulse . it 's elevate . ( a beat ) you enjoy frightening I , do not you ? parker you have study I , now I be study you . seem only fair , do not you think ? on the computer monitor a animated man , who resemble lindenmeyer , walk peacefully through a park . he then start kill everything in sight . Men , woman , squirrel , even flower . all to classical music . the scene immediately start over , with the man once again walk peacefully through the park . this be lindenmeyer 's screen saver . inside lindenmeyer's office look around the room , madison shake she head . madison this lindenmeyer 's a real piece of work . parker ( look at a book shelf ) maybe after they catch he , you should write a book about he ... he run he finger along a book shelf , pause at two book in particular . they title be : understanding the criminal mind , and criminal pursuit -- a psychological guide for law enforcement . they be write by Dr. madison Carter . parker ( cont 'd ) I be surprised you do not write one about I . madison I be still work on it . notice something on the floor , she pick up a bizarre look synthesizer keyboard off the floor . you read its name : maestro . madison ( cont 'd ) remember a few year ago when music school be use a computerize teach tool that accidently start fry kid ' brain ? parker I have be in prison , remember ? madison the government must have figure there be no better person to create a psycho than a psycho . parker just like they figure there be no better person to catch one ... madison elect not to respond . she sit down at the computer , which rest between bust of Beethoven and mozart , and begin type at the computer . she work with efficiency . know exactly what she 's do . she be now in she element . from a shelf , parker pick up a moldy piece of licorice insert into a half - eat pudding cup . then flip through one of the book write by madison . only half - interested . madison ( keep she eye on screen ) I be the demon from the bottomless pit ... parker ( remember , not read ) ... here on earth to create havoc and terror . I be War , I be death . I be destruction . David berkowitz , 1977 . madison I be impressed . parker ( quote ) for murder , though it have no tongue , will speak with most miraculous organ . madison who say that ? parker hamlet . ( a beat ) what 's David berkowitz get to do with sid 6.7 ? madison ( point to the screen ) he 's part of the mix . sid 6.7 be a composite . on the computer screen the graphic show you that sid 1.2 be a combination of Charles Manson and billy the kid . you see what look like two viruse , which represent each criminal 's psychological profile , attack each other . the result be a molten blob . berkowitz be add to create sid 1.3 . a three - way psychological battle , more hostile than the first , occur . sid 1.4 , add the terrorist , Abu nidal , make the conflict even more violent . and so on . inside lindenmeyer's office madison stare at the computer screen in awe . parker flip through CD - rom hard copy of the different version of sid . madison lindenmeyer put increasingly complex combination of criminal psychological profile together to develop the ultimate villain . parker ( understanding ) creating a whole far more dangerous than the sum of its part . madison but rather than select piece from each individual , he simply let the stronger trait of each individual cannibalize the weaker one . she continue open the file of the higher version of sid. version 5.9 consist of 67 different profile . the visualize psychological battle be intense . and extremely violent . the 6.7 version , with 183 profile , be even worse . madison ( cont 'd ) it 's a good bet a couple of the dominant personality team up to overpower the other . ( a beat ) the question be , which one of the dominant then finally manage to take control ? attempt to open the file of the composite profile , madison discover they be protect by encryption . madison ( cont 'd ) ( be : lindenmeyer ) ) he will let we see the ingredient that go in , but not how the soup turn out after stir . madison scroll through the list of 183 name , stop at the name mathew grime . alarm register on she face . as parker come over to look over she shoulder , she quickly scroll through the list to get the name off the screen . he hold the sid 6.7 CD - rom in hand . parker this be get you pump up , be not it ? this be like the World Series to you . madison as a matter of fact , it be . parker point to a name on the screen : jeffrey dahmer . parker remember the bowl ball bag sid carry with he in virtual reality ? madison dahmer carry the head of one of he victim in a bowl bag for over a week . kept it in he locker while he be at work in a candy factory . ( be : sid 6.7 CD -rom ) we need to get a look at sid 6.7 's final profile . parker what we need to do be stop play with computer and go catch the son—of - a- bitch before he kill anybody else . madison in order to find he , we have to understand what make he tick ... CUT to : the sid 6.7 CD - rom be insert into a disc drive inside the Cal tech Computer Lab . very high - tech . sitting at the computer be alexiev borgen , 60 , the " grand old wizard " of the facility . parker and madison sit next to he . around they , young lindenmeyer be everywhere . alexiev ( remember fondly ) ) daryl lindenmeyer be only here briefly , one semester at most . but he be singularly the most brilliant student I ever have in a classroom . he create program so beautiful , so lyrical , they be almost like symphony ... parker can you tell we what 's on the disc ? alexiev ( work the computer ) ) there be one program with approximately 1.3 million line of programming . it be thoroughly secure , which be not surprising consider lindenmeyer create it . madison think you can get into the program ? alexiev ( with appreciation ) ) hard to say —— lindenmeyer 's protection mechanism be always diabolically clever . parker you should see what he 's be up to recently . CUT to : a young couple kissing passionately inside a car park along a desert street in Hollywood . Music blare from inside the vehicle . steam on the window partially obscure you view . as well as sid 6.7' . he stare menacingly through the side window . enjoy the show . his eye momentarily wander . the young lover be completely oblivious . sid 6.7 caress the gun take from the cop in toluca Lake as if it stimulate he . sid 6.7 ( to himself ) the dahmer part of I want to boil you for dinner . the Manson part want to recruit you to become part of my family . ( a beat ) you know what the berkowitz part of I want to do ? he raise the gun , place it against the steam window . but do not pull the trigger . his face go through a rapid change of expression —— as if a battle for control of he emotion be go on . regain control , sid 6.7 lower the gun . he stand back . reflecting . sid 6.7 ( cont 'd ) craft can only become art when the creator set he sight on something never yet achieve ... ( a beat ) like a apprentice about to become a master , the imitator be about to become a originator . he pocket he weapon and walk inside a upscale nightclub the bartender be a low - tech robo - tender . patron sit quietly , drink themselves into oblivion . sid 6.7 take a seat next to a businessman slump at the bar . sid 6.7 ( thoughtfully ) ever have one of that day where you decide something important about yourself ? you know , where you say , " I be not just what I have be program to be . I can do what I want , when I want , how I want , because I be my own person ? " businessman ( slurring ) you one of they New Age asshole ? sid 6.7 just a soul on a personal journey . what I have realize be that I be capable of anything . I have to start expand my horizon ... the robo-tender roll over to sid 6.7 . robo -tender ( digital , scratchy ) want ...a... drink ? sid 6.7 to think you constitute one of my ancestors— '' he shoot the robo—tender between he mechanical eye . the businessman smile , like he 's think about do exactly the same thing . businessman listen , buddy ... think big be fine .. . but you should not forget where you come from , either . sid 6.7 think about it . Long and hard . sid 6.7 you know , you be absolutely right . ( point ) would you mind sit over there ? he point to a table with several other businessmen . businessman what for ? sid 6.7 every orchestra be divide into section . like instrument sit with like instrument . now be a good instrument and sit with you kind ... he lift the businessman off he bar stool and carry he to the table . CUT to : a electronic map of los angele on which a red dot move west along a street in Los feliz . the map occupy a wall inside Chief Cox 's Office in the l.a.p. D. downtown headquarters . Cox , wallace and deane look on . deane what be they do in Los feliz ? cox ( check he record ) madison life two block from they present location . deane why would they be go there ? cox I do not know . deane I wish we could hear they . wallace my engineer say the audio tap should be ready to field test in six month . off Cox 's look , we CUT to : inside parker' squad car parker drive through a residential neighborhood . 9 pm . madison point to a house on the right . madison not this one , but the next one . the one with the bicycle out front ... parker stop in front of a modest , but well—kept , house . parker I will wait out here . madison pocket the car key , then reveal a pair of handcuffs . she latch one cuff to the steering wheel , and hold up the other toward parker . madison give I you wrist . parker give I a goddam break . I be not go to go anywhere alone . madison and I be go to make sure of it . ( not waver ) give I you wrist . parker relent , and hold up he wrist . madison place the cuff around it , then get out of the car . outside madison' house madison walk up the step to the front porch . she be immediately intercept by she daughter , karin , 7 , who burst out of the front door and leap into she arm . karin mommy 's home ! mommy 's home ! karin 's baby -sitter open the door for madison as she carry she daughter inside . parker stare from squad car in surprise . even disbelief . he have no idea madison be a mother . moment later , karin come back out and sit on the front step . stare at parker . with fascination . curiosity . wonder who this strange man be , and why he 's sit in a police car outside she house . but not say a word . parker stare back as if carry on a silent conversation with she . a multitude of expression pass over he face as memory of he own daughter flash through he mind . CUT to : inside madison' bedroom madison sit at a desk , type quickly at a computer . via modem , she connect with the L. A. P. D. criminal Library . she rifle through data concern mathew grime , who be the leader of a cult of cyber anarchist . he be know as the Charles Manson of technological terrorism . on her computer screen from both newspaper article and news footage , the follow information about he become clear : grime be a expert at media manipulation . he delighted in publicly humiliate anyone who stand in he way . the Mayor of Los Angeles , Bob bennett , who offer increasingly higher reward for grime ' capture , be grime ' primary nemesis . l.a.p.d. special investigation division Officer parker barne manage to stop grime from kill Mayor bennett . grime retaliate by repeatedly humiliate parker with false lead and lawsuit . you see footage of a woman lie dead in a alley . a note be pin to she clothing . the note read : " hey , parker , this onex for you . " grime then kidnap parker 's wife and daughter . parker locate the group in a club , but only in time to witness they death . parker then kill everybody in the club , include the six cult member and two completely innocent people . inside her bedroom madison stare gravely into the screen . madison grime , you better not be the dominant . CUT to : outside madison' house parker and karin continue stare at each other in silence . he smile . then she smile . she wiggle she nose . then so do he . madison come out wear fresh clothing , then kiss she daughter good night . as madison go to the squad car , karin wave good - bye to parker . he do the same . karin 's babysitter then lead she back inside the house . inside parker' squad car madison get in , immediately notice the handcuffs dangle from the steering wheel . parker have be free the entire time . parker told you I be not go to go anywhere . madison how do you get you hand out ? as she unlock the handcuffs from the steering wheel , parker wiggle he mechanical hand in front of she face . parker sometimes , I like be part machine . annoy , madison toss he the car key . he start the engine and drive . parker ( cont 'd ) why do not you tell I you have a daughter ? madison I prefer keep my professional life separate from my personal life . parker ( a beat ) she 's beautiful , you know ? madison thank -you . ( a beat ) her name be karin . she turn on the police radio . parker want to tell I the real reason we stop at you house ? madison I tell you , it be on the way and I want to change clothes . parker you should practice lie more often . you be awful at it . ( a beat ) where to ? madison ( a beat ) sid 6.7 be no longer bound by he programming . parker what do that mean ? madison now that he 's in the real world , there be no longer limitation on he behavior like there be in virtual reality . sid be go to evolve . parker sound to I like a wellueducate way of say you have no idea what to do next . madison what I do know be that whatever he 's become , sid 6.7 be go to be even worse than he be before . parker then all we can do be stay mobile and alert . he 's get to make a move sometime , and we have get to be ready when he do . ( a beat ) welcome to police work . you better like coffee . he turn up the police radio . CUT to : inside the upscale nightclub sid 6.7 have separate the patron into four separate group : older man and woman , and young man and woman . all be freeze in they seat with fear . sid 6.7 point he gun at one group , then another , wave he arm as if he be a conductor , and as if he gun be a baton . sid 6.7 clearly enjoy this game of terror . he delight in the patron ' fear , and revel in he power over they . sid 6.7 good ... very good ... Nice ... ( point at a woman ) you -- in the middle -- do not hold back . give it to I ! he fire he gun just above she head . she scream in terror . sid 6.7 ( cont 'd ) that 's better ... he continue aim he gun from face to face , seek ever increase emotional response from he " instrument . " a guy enter the bar do a quick about face . go by the time sid 6.7 glance at the door . sid 6.7 God , I hate interruption . ( to the patron ) once again , from the top—— boom ! he shoot again , just miss a man 's foot . CUT to : madison buy two coffee from a downtown street vendor . she return to the squad car , which be barely move . traffic be at a near standstill because of a accident . inside the squad car parker drink he coffee black . madison add two creams , two sugar . the cackle from the police radio continue unabate . parker I forget what real coffee taste like ... madison you know , consider you have only be out of prison for seven hour , you be reqadapt quite well . ( a beat ) wait , I do not mean that the way it sound . I mean ... parker do not worry about it , all right ? madison dammit , I hate sounding so clinical all the time . all I mean to say be I think you be do well , but then I ... parker relax . I know what you mean . madison I ruin so many moment by analyze they when I should just be live they . parker then why do not you start practice and keep you mouth shut for a while ? madison stop herself from speak . it be not easy for she . parker crack a faint smile . you hear the police radio . dispatcher ( V. 0 . ) ... report of a possible hostage situation inside a bar on the corner of figueroa and Sixth . description of the perp match the surveillance photograph from letac take this morning ... madison that 's only a couple block from here . parker I will meet you there . toss he coffee out the window , he open the door . madison ( deadly serious ) do not get out of the car . parker stop I . he get out , run down the sidewalk . he fly past the car inching down the block . madison parker ! parker ! ( a beat ) shit ! she climb into the driver 's seat , spilling hot coffee on herself . on sixth STREET parker bolt recklessly through the downtown street . a hunter hot on the trail of he prey in a urban jungle . CUT to : inside the upscale nightclub sid 6.7 gently caress the hair of a terrify young woman sit among several other . you hear the sound of tire screeching to a halt outside . sid 6.7 remain unconcern . he toy with the woman , point the gun in she face , then pull it back . her expression change instantly . dramatically . sid 6.7 I just love how responsive you be . cop L ( 0.s. ) freeze ! two cop stand in the doorway , weapon aim at sid 6.7 . the cop inch closer to he . sid 6.7 ( not turn around ) the usher be not suppose to seat you until intermission . cop # 1 put the gun down , nice and ... sid 6.7 spin around and fire twice before he can finish he sentence . both cop receive identical wound in they shoot arm , remind you of the wound parker and John first receive in the open virtual reality sequence . sid 6.7 take a bow , as if on stage . sid 6.7 thank you , lady and gentleman , you have be a real pleasure ... as he walk toward the exit , he admire himself in the mirror behind the bar . sid 6.7 have never see he own image in the real world before . he like what he see . outside the upscale nightclub Street traffic be much lighter here . sid 6.7 exit , get into the vacant police car leave by the cop . inside the cop ' vehicle sid 6.7 adjust he seat . the rearview mirror . glancing at himself . then behind he . he Pov -- in the rearview mirror parker become visible racing around the corner . running like a dog who 's get the scent . inside the cop ' vehicle sid 6.7 look pleased . sid 6.7 well , look who it ... crack ! a bullet spiderweb the rear window . sid 6.7 punch the gas , take off in a hurry . outside the upscale nightclub parker race after sid 6.7 , fire he weapon continuously . without care for the innocent motorist nearby . they scream in absolute terror , but remain unharme . physically , anyway . parker give up the chase of sid 6.7 's vehicle and run in the other direction . toward madison as she round the corner in they squad car . inside parker' vehicle he open the driver 's side door and shove madison over . madison what the hell 's go on ?! parker this be my area of expertise . he jump behind the wheel , flooring the accelerator . speed through the already frighten motorist . madison be pin to the back of she seat . look out the window , she look at the motorist . madison ( with concern ) what do you do to that people ? parker nothing . on the STREET parker 's vehicle speed through city street . gain ground on sid 6.7 . parker stop for nothing . not for red light . not for gridlock . when the street become impassable , he veer onto the sidewalk . inside parker' vehicle parker 's eye be lock to the road with fierce determination . madison 's eye be a mixture of fear and excitement . she hold onto the door handle for dear life . parker be on the street 's a little different than sit in a office all day , be not it ? madison ( gritting she tooth ) enjoy yourself ? parker you know I be . madison this be not a game , parker ! parker ( be : sid 6.7 ) tell he . sid 6.7 ( V. 0 . ) ( over police radio ) ) glad to see you be on the case , Officer barne . or should I say , inmate 673429 ... madison ( in disbelief ) that who I think it be ? parker turn to she , then pick up the radio . parker ( into radio ) call I whatever you want , asshole . parker accelerate even faster . close the gap between they and sid 6.7 . intercut with : inside sid 6.7' vehicle sid 6.7 drive dangerously fast , cause a accident , around which parker must circumnavigate . tire screech . Glass shatter . sid 6.7 hang he head out the window . sid 6.7 ( into radio ) the symphony of collision ... parker the only thing I want to hear be you silence . sid 6.7 I must make they very nervous if they let you out of prison . ( a beat ) you know , we have so much in common —— we have such history together —— I have be think we should become friend . madison 's anxiety tank be hit capacity . parker ( into radio ) you and I have nothing in common . sid 6.7 who else do you know who touch the world with synthetic hand ? parker glance at he mechanical hand grip the wheel . madison can not believe he be able to carry on a conversation while drive like this . sid 6.7 ( cont 'd ) who else do you know who 's be lock out of the real world for year , and be now just learn to be free ? ( a beat ) who else do you know be a multiple murderer just like you ? who else ... madison click off the radio . madison you have nothing in common . she put she hand to she wrist -- check she pulse . parker ( shaking he head ) enough with you pulse already . ( a beat ) still get you gun ? madison take out she weapon . her hand be shaking . parker ( cont 'd ) show I you can use it . on the STREET sid 6.7' vehicle reach absolute gridlock . nobody 's go anywhere for a while . sid 6.7 slam on the brake and abandon the car , leave it right in the middle of the street . a traffic cop with he weapon train on sid 6.7 from a distance . traffic cop you better be a cop , pal ! sid 6.7 ( raise he arm ) my badge be in my jacket . Left pocket . traffic cop show I ... sid 6.7 slowly reach inside he jacket and fire he weapon through it . he only get a hole in he jacket . the traffic cop get a hole through he chest . sid 6.7 God , some people be stupid . he aim he weapon at parker 's oncoming vehicle . inside parker' vehicle madison lean out the window , aim she gun at sid 6.7 , as parker speed toward the gridlock . parker nail the fucker . madison 's determination battle she inexperience . sid 6.7 get off the first shot . crack ! that be the windshield by parker 's head . he duck down , drive blind . parker ( cont 'd ) any time now ... madison fire . nowhere close . she adjust she sight and fire again . the result be the same . parker what 's the problem ? madison I be do the best I can ! boom ! that be sid 6.7 shoot they front leave tire . parker lose control of the vehicle . on the STREET parker 's vehicle slam into a car stop in front of they . Air bag save parker and madison from injury , but also prevent they from get out of the car with any speed . by the time they do get out , sid 6.7 be long go . parker stare at madison with pure hatred . CUT to : inside a conference room in the L. A. P. D. downtown headquarters the next morning . Chief Cox stare angrily at parker . madison sit next to he . behind they be a mirrore wall . cox ( read from a list ) ... illegal search of lindenmeyer ' 's duplex . eleven civilian vehicle damage or destroy . twenty—four citizen complaint . and the call be just start to come in ... ( to parker ) I forget what it 's like to have you on the street . madison any sign of lindenmeyer ? cox none . he could be hide , he could be help sid , or could be in little piece on Santa monica beach . ( a beat ) any idea what sid 's go to do next ? madison until we know what new influence be affect he , we can not be sure . cox in other word , we collectively do not know shit . inside the adjacent room wallace and deane look on through the two—way mirror . deane be on the phone . wallace ( be : parker ) it make I nervous just see he in a uniform . ( a beat ) I will never forget the first time I see the photo from the crime scene . deane ( hang up the phone ) neither will the public . ( a beat ) the media have catch wind of he pardon . unless Mr. barne start give I some tangible result , I be go to put he back in he cage . CUT to : on a television the news be in progress . a reporter continue . reporter Police now believe there to be a connection between the grisly toluca Lake murder yesterday afternoon , and the hostage situation which occur last night in a downtown bar ... inside a supermarket the tv be one of many mount above the check—out counter . customer wait in line with they shopping cart watch the news with vary degree of horror , disgust , curiosity , and fear . the stronger they reaction , the more sid 6.7 enjoy it . he be wait in line hold a box of twinkies . cashier next. ( eyeing the twinkies ) do you know that be not even baked ? they be chemically—risen . sid 6.7 ( a beat ) so be I . off the cashier 's look , we CUT to : daryl lindenmeyer watch the news on a pocket tv on a wooden bench that morning . both proud and horrify at the monster he have unleash upon the world . you hear classical music in the background . lindenmeyer begin to laugh . uncontrollably . the sound echoing . as we pull back , you realize the bench be one of many inside the Hollywood bowl . lindenmeyer be the only person sit in the stand . he glance down at the member of the Los Angeles philharmonic as they rehearse for a upcoming performance . whatever the event be , it 's go to be big . dozen of technician surround the stage , set light , camera , microphone , etc. for a live , pay—per—view broadcast . CUT to : alexiev borgen talk on a phone inside the Cal tech Computer Lab . alexiev I be afraid I do not have very good news . intercut with : parker and madison on the speakerphone inside Cox 's Office . madison be you able to get into the program ? alexiev yes . but then I trip over a erasure mine . parker in English , please . alexiev I accidently trigger a protection mechanism which erase the entire program . parker and madison turn to each other -' shit . alexiev ( cont 'd ) it be very welluhidd . there be no way to see it until it be too late . parker ( a beat ) it 's not you fault . we appreciate you try . alexiev look , I feel bad about this , so I be go to try to look into the programming of he maestro teach tool for you . ( hold up keyboard ) ) I have have one sit around for year . maybe I can learn something that you will find useful . madison let we know . CUT to : sid 6.7 walk along a sidewalk . noon . something in a store front catch he attention . namely , he own image be capture by a video camera point at the sidewalk . he be stand outside a large electronics store . sid 6.7 walk closer to the window , move into a close —up . he be captivate by he image . fascinate . and intrigue . this be the first time he have ever see himself on screen . inside the electronics store dozen of tvs on display . there be a different channel on each . the audio / visual bombardment be overwhelming . sid 6.7 enter , make he way to a big screen tv with the local news in progress . reporter ( from the tv ) ... commuter travel anywhere near the biltmore Hotel downtown tomorrow evening should allow themselves at least 30 extra minute to get home . Security for the Mayor bennett 's re—election rally be go to be so tight that all bus and subway route pass through the area be be reqroute ... sid 6.7 change the channel to a different news broadcast . parker 's folsom County prison i. D. photograph be show alongside a photograph of madison from one of she book cover . sid 6.7 ( to the tv ) do not you two make a pretty couple . the news broadcast zoom in on parker 's picture . sid 6.7 wiggle he synthetic finger in front of he face . sid 6.7 ( cont 'd ) we really do have so much in common . but I refuse to be upstage ... he change the channel back to the first news broadcast . a reporter stand amid the chaos outside the bar where sid 6.7 have terrify the patron . sid 6.7 turn to the other customer in the store . most of they be watch other channel . he go over to a control pad on a counter and press several button . now every tv in the store have the news with the reporter outside the bar on . a skinhead , sport numerous Nazi swastika tattoo , manually change the channel on one of the tvs to a dodger baseball game . sid 6.7 walk over to the skinhead and change the channel back to the news . skinhead you do not wanna fuck with I , man . he move to the next tv over and change the channel to the baseball game . sid 6.7 move over with he , stand directly behind the skinhead as if also interested in the dodger . sid 6.7 ( sing softly ) take I out to the ball game ... take I out for the fun ... he place he hand on the skinhead 's head and efficiently snap he head around , break he neck . sid 6.7 ( cont 'd ) buy I some peanut and cracker Jack ... I do not care if I ever come back ... he drop the skinhead to the floor , never once take he eye off the tv . on the tv a dodger game be in progress . a pop fly be catch by the center fielder . the runner at third tag and head for home . the play at the plate be close . the umpire call the runner out . the camera pan to the massive screen over leave field to show the instant replay . reaction of fan around the stadium be show in close —up . the fan also respond to see themselves on the massive screen . inside the electronics store sid 6.7 watch the tv intently , completely ignore the horrify customer circle around he because of the dead skinhead at he foot . a salesman , who would be demonstrate a videocamera , tape sid 6.7 from behind a customer . salesman' Pov -- handheld video as sid 6.7 realize he 's be videotape , he entire face seem to light up . play directly to the camera , he clearly love be in the spotlight . the attention . the focus . it 's suddenly as if he 's have year of training . he be completely at ease . and simply captivate . sid 6.7 ( direct address ) I be sorry I can not do more for you . ( point to the skinhead ) Public service really be not my forte . he walk into a extreme close - up and kiss the lense . then reach out of frame to help the increasingly '' shaky salesman steady the camera . sid 6.7 ( cont 'd ) but rest assure ... ( a beat ) a star be bear . we pull back to reveal you be now watch a recording of sid 6.7 on videotape , along with parker , madison , and a dozen other cop , inside the electronics store a hour later . the tape be re—wound . madison ( to parker ) whatever he be do here be only the start . parker start of what ? madison I do not know , yet . what we do know be he performance be increase in scale , not decrease . ( a beat ) whatever it be , he be not finish ... she move closer to the screen as the tape be play back . madison study sid 6.7 intently . sid 6.7 ( 0. 5 . ) ( record ) but rest assure ... ( a beat ) a star be bear . madison ( to another cop ) you mind play that part again ? her request be oblige . madison freeze it there— '' she stare at sid 6.7 , who be look directly at she . madison ( cont 'd ) ( as if to sid 6.7 ) you have discover media , have not you ? you like the attention ... the power ... you like be a star . what be you go to do next , star ? what be you go to ... her attention turn to the upper right corner of the screen , where onlooker be visible watch sid 6.7 . they face blurry . but even out of focus , it be not hard to recognize lindenmeyer . madison ( cont 'd ) ( as if to lindenmeyer ) you do like to watch , do not you ? ( to the surround cop ) if any of you be look for daryl lindenmeyer , that 's he ... she point to lindenmeyer , then make she way over to parker , who 's stand exactly where sid 6.7 be when he kill the skinhead . parker do not look at madison . his eye be fix on the tv in front of he . madison ( cont 'd ) it 's not just sid 6.7 's performance that be increase . star need bigger and bigger audience . ( a beat ) whatever sid be go to do next , it 's go to involve media . parker you like baseball ? on the tv the baseball game continue . player take the field at the start of a new inning . the outfielder can not help but glance at the beautiful woman be show in close - up on the massive screen over leave field . announcer ( V. 0 . ) I will tell you , whoever 's operate the stadium 's closed—circuit camera must have fall in love because that beauty in J section have be on the stadium 's big screen for over a minute now ... inside the electronics store he grab a police radio from a nearby officer . parker ( urgently into radio ) this be Officer parker barne . get every able body you can to dodger Stadium -- J section . officer what the hell 's go on ? parker ( be : tv ) live execution . inside dodger stadium on the massive screen over leave field , the woman in close - up look embarrassed , try to forget she face be now 40 foot high for all the other fan to see . announcer ( V. 0 . ) that 's enough with the close - up already , Mr. demille . even the player be start to get distract ... the player on the field be all look up at the massive screen . inside the stadium control booth the woman 's face appear on various monitor . the phone ring . no one answer it . the room appear to be empty . the stadium 's close - circuit tv director be not in he chair . he 's lie dead on the floor . on the J section camera platform the closed—circuit camera remain focus on the woman . the camera be lock off . it 's operator lie dead beside it . through its viewfinder sid 6.7 can be see arrive next to the woman . he gently caress she hair . in J section sid 6.7 stand in front of the woman 's boyfriend , who sit next to she . boyfriend you make a better door than a window , buddy . keep it move . sid 6.7 pick he up out of he seat and throw he three row ahead . sid 6.7 then put hand around the woman 's throat . on the massive screen over leave field , the woman attempt to scream as sid 6.7 choke she . no sound come out . fan react with horror . but nobody turn away . announcer ( V. 0 . ) Jesus Christ ! somebody stop he ! security personnel rush from all part of the stadium toward J section . sid 6.7 enjoy the reaction of the terrify fan around he as he choke the life out of the woman . sid 6.7 ( to the camera ) hey , parker , this one 's for you ... his word echo around the stadium as he snap the woman 's neck . he then hurl she limp body toward several man as they charge he . sid 6.7 ( cont 'd ) that 's all , folk . he leap over a railing , rush into a tunnel which lead out of the seating area . a security guard climb up the stair to the mouth of the tunnel . weapon in hand . he draw a bead on sid 6.7 's back . boom ! he Pov a bullet rip through sid 6.7' side . blood begin to seep from the wound . but then immediately begin to retract . once he blood have return , he skin heal over the wound . leave a scar . which also then disappear . other than the hole in he shirt , sid 6.7 be as good as new . he never even miss a step as he disappear around the corner . the security guard stare in disbelief as he be join by several comrade . guard I nail the son—of -a—bitch . I put a hole right through he ... panic - stricken fan in J section start move away from the area as fast as they can . Parents clutching they child . climb over seat . shove anyone in they way . announcer ( V. 0 . ) lady and gentleman , please try to stay calm . everyone just keep you seat ... fan all over the stadium start charge toward the exit . outside dodger stadium people bolt through the turnstile , run away from the stadium as L. A. P. D. squad car approach in the distance . the car in the lead be parker 's . inside parker' vehicle parker speed dangerously fast toward the fan stream onto the street . madison brace herself . madison slow down ! parker jam on the brake with both foot . screeeeeeech ! outside dodger stadium parker come within inch of mow down several people , who keep right on run . parker jump out of the vehicle , scan face . in predator mode . madison get out , clearly shake . parker lock he gaze on somebody in the distance . he Pov a guy in dodger baseball cap and jacket . walk calmly away from the stadium . he descend down a escalator into a recently - build subway station . it be sid 6.7 . parker charge after he . a heatuekeng missile lock on target . madison parker .. . parker ! she do the best she can to follow after he . people knock into parker as hard as he do they . a human version of bumper car . reaching the entrance to the subway , parker leap down the escalator three step at a time . madison remain in he wake . inside the subway station parker and madison hop the turnstile . only to be stop by a remote—controlled , box'shape robotic sentry , which be identical to one you have see before . this sentry be one of Reilly 's creation at letac . security robot ( male , authoritarian ) stop . you be in violation of ... parker spit in the robot 's electronic eye . temporarily blind it , as well as the guy operate it via remote control . parker and madison make they getaway as the robotic sentry struggle to clean off he eye . parker Real effective security ... madison you could have just flashed he you badge , you know ? parker Authority still make I nervous . they come to a fork : one tunnel go to east / west train , the other to north / south . madison which way ? parker both . he race down the tunnel to the north / south train . madison head down the other . her determination beginning to win out over she inexperience . parker hesitates at the escalator lead to the south - bound side of the track . further down the tunnel be the escalator to the north—bound train . parker choose the escalator close to he . on the south - bound platform passenger pass the time by watch a television mount above they . except for parker , who scan the crowd . then across the track . on the NORTH - bound platform in the entire crowd , there be only one person not watch the tv screen . he be watch parker . through he gun sight . sid 6.7 pull the trigger . boom ! on the south - bound platform parker dive to the ground , just avoid the bullet . he scramble behind a pillar for protection . only to see the guy stand behind he be not as lucky . on the east - bound platform madison hear the gunshot echo through the station . which scare the already - terrify fan try to get away from dodger Stadium . Chaos be rapidly become pandemonium . madison shit ! she race up the escalator , take out she weapon . CUT to : parker peek out from behind the pillar on the south - bound platform . parker' Pov -- across the track passenger rush in every direction . some be scream . some be cry . nobody know who fire the shot . or where to go . but everyone be go somewhere . include sid 6.7 , who make he way through the flurry of movement toward the up escalator . it be difficult to keep sight of he . parker move toward the edge of the platform , aim he gun across the track . that around he quickly back away . parker ( yell ) everybody get down ! only about half the passenger on the north—bound side can hear he above the scream already go on . sid 6.7 be nowhere to be see . parker ( cont 'd ) ( scream ) get down !!! the rest of the passenger hit the deck , except for a college student listen to music on headphone . he be riding the escalator up . sid 6.7 stand behind he , use the student as a shield . parker ' S Pov as sid 6.7 ascend , slight portion of he body be momentarily expose behind the student as he sway with the music come from he headphone . parker do not have a clean shot . in 10 second , sid 6.7 will disappear from view completely and parker will have no shot at all . a momentary sliver of sid 6.7 become visible . a inch - and - a- half at most . parker do not hesitate . he line up he shot and pull the trigger . on the NORTH - bound up escalator the college student stand in front of sid 6.7 get winge in the shoulder . not a serious wound , but a painful one just the same . the bullet must have hit bone , because it deflect upon impact , miss sid 6.7 entirely . the student drop to the escalator , scream in pain . sid 6.7 crouch beside he . sid 6.7 ( yell ) what 's wrong , convict , you arm need adjust ? or maybe it 's you head . maybe you be not ready to be back out in the real world , yet ... parker' Pov the top of sid 6.7' head be expose a inch , maybe two . parker fire again . repeatedly . move closer and closer to the edge of the platform , try to get a better angle while he still have a shot . parker move to the very edge of the platform . his arm extend out over it . completely oblivious to the subway train rocketing into the station toward the south - bound platform . madison leap off the descend escalator on the south—bound side and rush to parker . she pull parker back just before the train reach he . have he arm still be raise , parker would have lose he arm a second time . they tumble to the floor . a passenger rush to madison . passenger # 1 ( point to parker ) Lady , you gotta stop he ! he 's go crazy ! passenger # 2 he just shot a innocent bystander ! madison ( forcefully to parker ) what be you shoot at ? parker get to he foot . madison do not take she eye off he . passenger # 1 he do —— I see it ! passenger # 2 do something ! parker ( to madison ) sid 's get away . he head toward the up escalator . his back now to madison . she aim she gun at he . madison parker -' stop ! stop ! do not make I shoot you'k parker ( not look back ) if you be gonna do it , better do it now . he keep right on go up the escalator . madison line up she shot . hand shaking . with both fear and determination . her finger press down on the trigger ... but she can not do it . madison dammit ! she chase after he . inside the NORTH / south tunnel madison look in both direction as she get off the escalator . parker be nowhere to be see . move toward she slowly be the wounded college student , who clutches he bleed shoulder . he be shiver . go into shock . madison go to he , take off he headphone . madison let I help you ... he collapse in she arm . college student ( delirious ) what do I do ?... I do not do anything ... clearly verse in emergency medical treatment , madison attend to he wound . parker return . parker ( breathlessly ) I lose he ... college student get he away from I ! get he away ! madison ( furiously ) call 9 - 1 - 1 . wait for I above ground . CUT to : outside of the subway station 30 minute later . the chaos outside dodger Stadium have subside . madison and two paramedics lead the bandage College Student to a ambulance . madison go to parker , who sit quietly by himself . elbow on he knee . head between he hand . stare at the cement between he foot . madison ( angrily ) do you have any idea the trauma you put that kid through ?! parker do not respond . all around they , a cacophony of news broadcast be hear . from pass car . from boom box . from portable tvs . over and over , you hear what sid 6.7 have say while kill the woman in dodger Stadium : sid 6.7 ( V. 0 . ) ( record ) hey , parker , this one 's for you ... hey , parker , this one 's for you ... as parker raise he head slowly , you realize you be look at the face of a wild animal . eye rabid . jaw clench . pure anger . violence about to erupt . without fear . without guilt . the beast within have be unleash . parker ( in a whisper ) that 's grime ... madison back away in fear . parker rise gradually . parker ( cont 'd ) ( voice slowly rise ) the man who kill my wife ... who kill my daughter ... who ruin my life use to taunt I with that line ... parker advance toward madison , who continue back away . parker ( cont 'd ) ( explode ) grime be back ! he 's back ! he 's come back !!! madison ( stand she ground ) no! grime be not back . he 's only one part of sid . sid 6.7 be a hell of a lot worse than grime ever be . ( a beat ) get a hold of yourself ! she try to grab he by the shoulder . parker block she arm away . parker ( go nose—to—nose ) but he 's in there . and you know it , do not you ? do not you ?! she try to back away , but back herself against a light pole . madison have nowhere to go . parker grab she by the collar , and shove she against the pole . hard . parker ( cont 'd ) ( hysterical ) God , you fuck know - it - all ! you have know all along and do not parker ( cont 'd ) tell I ! why ?! be you afraid I would lose it ?! go over the edge ?! huh ?! be that what you be afraid of ?! why didn't you tell I ??!!! a prison transport and another police vehicle pull up to they fast . two of the prison Guards meet earlier jump out of the transport , advance on parker . they weapon aim at he head . guard hand up ! now ! parker slowly raise he hand in the air . a Guard relieve he of he weapon . madison ( recover ) what 's go on ? guard he 's go back where he belong . deane and Cox step out of the police vehicle . deane ( to madison ) you be right , Dr. Carter . letting a lunatic like barne loose in the real world do pose a unacceptably dangerous risk to the public . ( glance at Cox ) I should have never try to solve one problem by allow the creation of another . ( to madison ) Chief Cox will give you a ride back to the station . you will provide he with any and all information you have develop thus far . ( to parker ) enjoy the rest of you sentence , Mr. barne . she exit . Cox and parker stand face each other . Cox wish there be something he could do . parker look completely out of it . Cox extend he hand . after a moment , parker take it . but he mind be way off elsewhere . guard ( forcefully to parker ) let 's go . madison look on as parker be herde roughly into the back of the prison transport . madison parker ... parker shut she up with a look . there be nothing that can be say . the prison transport door be slammed shut . the vehicle take off . CUT to : inside cox's police vehicle Cox and madison head back toward L. A. P. D. headquarters . they be in mid—conversation : madison ( with regret ) I should have tell he . cox do not blame yourself . in you shoe , I do not think I would have tell parker , either . ( a beat ) so do you think grime have become the dominant personality ? madison I be not sure . my guess be that 's what sid want we to think . cox ( a beat ) you think he 's smart ? madison Captain , I be afraid of how smart sid 6.7 be . ( a beat ) but I be even more afraid of what 's he 's become . CUT to : the prison transport come to a stop at a traffic light . inside the prison transport -- rear parker sit alone in the darkness . motionless . until the sound of two gunshot pierce the transport 's front windshield shatter the silence . parker what the hell 's go on ?! he scramble to the front of the compartment , press he face against the steel mesh of the four—inch portal . he Pov -- looking through portal two bullet hole be visible in the windshield . the two prison Guards lie dead in they seat . sid 6.7' eye appear , look directly at you . he 's smile . sid 6.7 ( neighborly ) hey , old buddy , old pal , good to see you again . inside the prison transport parker go absolutely berserk . viciously punch the steel mesh which separate they until the synthetic skin on he knuckle be shred . parker you ...mother ... fucker ! i'm go to kill you !!! sid 6.7 now , be that any way to talk to a old buddy ? I mean , just because I be carry around the joy of kill you family inside I do not mean we can not be friend . parker grime , you're dead ! he savagely hurl himself against he confines . bone vs. metal . do not try this at home . sid 6.7 I be sorry , the party you be try to reach be not answer . be there anyone else you would like to talk to ? parker dead ! you hear I ? sid 6.7 ( a beat ) you really be pathetic , you know that ? mathew grime be only one letter in my alphabet . he be nothing compare to I . parker be completely spend . mentally and physically . he slump in a corner . out of breath . bleed . sore . all he can do be stare out through the portal 's mesh at sid 6.7 . sid 6.7 ( cont 'd ) you could say thank—you , you know ? I be give you you freedom , short— live though it may be . ( a beat ) a little know fact about the locater implant prison inmate now receive upon release be that they contain a pinhead capsule of neural toxin . the satellite they use to track you can also trigger release of the toxin with microwave . after transmission , the implant 's host die within 30 second . ( a beat ) it will not take long for they to get you termination authorize once they learn of you escape . now who would you rather go after , killer , they or I ? he release the rear door lock . on the STREET parker burst out of the back of the prison Transport , charge after sid 6.7 . who be nowhere to be see . parker run in one direction . then the other . and change he mind again . he literally do not know which way to turn . parker shit ! CUT to : inside a conference room in L. A. P. D. headquarters a aide rush through the door to Cox , who 's briefing deane and wallace on what he have learn . aide parker barne just escape from the prison transport . both of the guard be dead . the aide exit . cox ( to deane ) barne would not kill two innocent guard . deane he would slaughter eight people sit in a room , but not two prison guard ? cox do I need to remind you what happen to he wife ? to he daughter ? ( with conviction ) I will stake my reputation that barne do not kill that guard . deane you already have stake you reputation . ( a beat ) Mayor bennett and I have be friend a long time . since grime try to kill he , it do not take a rocket scientist to come to the conclusion that sid 6.7 might go after he , too . ( a beat ) bennett 's re-election rally be tomorrow night and we already have enough trouble on we hand with one psychotic on the loose . ( to wallace ) the fail - safe on—line , yet ? wallace on—line and at you disposal . cox ( to deane ) what fail—safe ? deane ( approach wallace ) this have better work , Mr. wallace . wallace exit the room . Cox have no idea what be go on . and deane be not about to tell he . CUT to : inside madison' bedroom madison enter wearily , late afternoon . exhausted from the event of the last two day , she start to undress . her clothing be filthy . so be she skin . she could use a good shower , and a better massage . madison examine the various cut and bruise she 's receive along the way . not exactly war wound , but to somebody use to sit behind a desk , they be . she absentmindedly turn on the television , then go into she bathroom . madison look at she face in the mirror . she 's look better . after splash cold water on she face , she come to the same conclusion . madison take two aspirin . and then two more . wish they would take effect immediately . finally hearing the news on the tv , she entire demeanor change instantly . madison rush in front of the television to see a report of parker 's escape from the prison transport . madison oh , shit ! grabbing a handful of clothes , she bolt urgently out the door . CUT to : madison speed recklessly through city street in she car . she do not stop for red light . not for grid-lock . not for nothing . she be also still finish get dress . CUT to : outside L. A. P. D. headquarters ignoring the warning of several cop walk toward they vehicle , madison speed toward the front entrance . she barely stop in time . screeeech ! inside L. A. P. D. headquarters madison race through the bustling facility . look for somebody . she finally find Cox come out of he office . madison ( urgently ) there be no way parker kill that guard . no way . cox I think we both know who do . ( a beat ) what 's so urgent ? madison I need you help -- take he by the arm , she lead he into a elevator go down just before its door close . inside the elevator the look on Cox 's face tell you madison have explain the situation to he . he be furious . cox why do not anybody tell I ?! madison I do not set policy . ( a beat ) you have the key ? he take a security key out of he pocket and use it to gain access to a subterranean floor . cox ( angrily ) this be a police department . I will be damned if this be go to go on without my knowledge . they exit quickly . Cox lead madison inside a power supply room Cox lead in madison and take she to the subterranean power supply . he point to the floor 's numerous circuit breaker . cox give I 30 second , then flip every switch you can reach . madison get it . inside the locater transmission room the room be still under construction . wallace stand behind a technician sit at a console in front of a massive electronic map tracking several convict , include parker . the technician be type in a elaborate termination code . technician who be we go to fry ? wallace just a unrepentant criminal who be apparently go to die from a previously undiagnose brain tumor . Cox enter , concern wallace . wallace ( cont 'd ) what be you do here , sir ? cox just pay my last respects . he survey the electronic map , locating parker . just as the light go black . wallace and the technician immediately panic . wallace what happen ?! technician I do not know . we have lose all power ! cox the heat 's be cause brown out 's all over the city . get above ground until it 's restore . wallace and the technician rush out of the room , up the emergency stair . Cox set to work rip out the console 's circuitry . by the time he 's finish , the equipment in here will not be able to toast a piece of bread . CUT to : a tombstone which read : linda davis barne ( 1961—1992 ) and christine mary barne ( 1987 - 1992 ) . parker kneel in front of it . Magic hour . madison , and Cox wind they way to he through obstacle course of tombstone . parker stand as they arrive . he be wipe out . there be no emotion leave in he . madison we know you do not kill that guard . parker they be go to fry I for it , anyway . cox nobody 's go to fry anybody ... he approach , hold the circuit he rip out of the locator transmission room . cox ( be : circuit ) do not worry , they have no idea where you be . parker you son—of—a—bitch . how could you let they put the implant in my head ? how ? madison he do not know about the neural toxin . ( a beat ) I do . parker ( matter -of -factly ) you know the entire time ? can you give I one good reason why I should not kill you right now ? cox she save you life , parker . she do not have to , but she do . parker ( turn to madison ) then I guess we be even . madison ( a beat ) how do you find out about the toxin ? parker sid 6.7 tell I after he kill the two guard . he suggest I kill you rather than he . madison you be not capable of it . parker I pose a unacceptable danger to the public , remember ? madison I be wrong . ( a beat ) and I be wrong not to tell you grime be part of sid . I should have tell you . I will not make the same mistake again . she mean it . parker turn away , look at he wife 's headstone . cox the son—of—a-bitch be still out there , parker . parker turn toward he slowly . emotion beginning to return to he face . parker ( a beat ) when this be over , will you get this goddam thing out of my head ? cox on my life , I promise you I will . parker if you be lie , I will hunt you down and kill you myself . CUT to : outside a construction sight 6 pm . the human foreman press a remote control detonator . boom ! a explosion occur inside a building 's foundation ( stock footage ) . the building be levell instantly . sid 6.7 , who 's be watch the explosion , approach the Foreman . sid 6.7 ( applaud ) bravo . foreman who the hell be you ? sid 6.7 someone who appreciate the artistic value of highueplosives . he shoot the Foreman in the chest . sid 6.7 relieve he of he key and head to a explosive storage shed . CUT to : sid 6.7 carry a crate of C - 4 high - explosive out of the shed in the construction sight minute later . he add it to the dozen crate already load in a truck . and take off . CUT to : inside a large sewer pipe sid 6.7 secure several crate of c—4 to a automated sewer clean vehicle . he schedule its start time —— 24 hour from now . it be now 7:45 pm . the bomb 's timer be set to detonate 15 minute into the vehicle 's journey -- at 8:00 pm tomorrow night . sid 6.7 ( admire he work ) you think you know I , but you do not have any idea who I really be ... CUT to : outside the biltmore HOTEL sight of Mayor bennett 's upcoming re-election rally , Cox supervise a army of L. A. P. D. officer who be secure the area . bombuffiff dog . rooftop sniper . helicopter surveillance . nothing be be leave to chance . anyone do anything within 100 yard of the building be searched , include the reporter and they camera crews cover the convention 's security . parker and madison survey the scene with binocular from amid a crowd of pedestrian two block away . both be disguise in hat and different clothing . you do not immediately recognize they . madison the rally 's a little obvious as a target , do not you think ? parker I tell you before , grime like to be obvious . madison sid 6.7 be not grime . parker part of he be . various face in the crowd on the sidewalk . in the vehicle pass on the street . on the bridge crossing the street down the block further away from the hotel . madison ( V. 0 . ) if we find sid , lindenmeyer will not be far behind . parker ( V. 0 . ) think he 's keep track of he creation ? madison ( V. 0 . ) that , or live through he ... parker put down he binocular . madison do not . parker see something ? madison I be not sure ... on the bridge ... the guy at the payphone ... she point to what she 's look at . look through he binocular , he still can not see what she mean . she help he aim he binocular . parker' Pov -- through binoculars he scan the bridge . finally settling on sid 6.7 , who be talk on a payphone . on the STREET parker look up from he binocular . impress . parker Nice work . madison ( a beat ) thanks . they move briskly down the block toward the bridge . quickly climb a set of stair . on a rooftop parker and madison 's movement catch the attention of several sniper . sniper # 1 well , look who we have here ... sniper # 2 ( into radio ) parker barne be head south toward the bridge . if anybody can get a clean shot at he , take it . cox hear the order over he radio headset . he race toward the bridge . as do a dozen other cop . on the bridge sid 6.7 talk into the payphone . sid 6.7 be a reporter —— figure it out for yourself . all I be go to tell you be that at 8:00 tomorrow night , I will become legendary ... parker and madison reach the top of the stair . sid 6.7 remain on the phone , he back toward parker and madison . they split - up , wind they way through the crowd wait for a arrive bus . as the bus pull to the stop , the await passenger move toward the open door . obscure parker 's view of the payphone . parker shove he way through the crowd , only to see sid 6.7 hold madison in front of he , he gun to she head . parker train he weapon at sid 6.7 . he do not have a clean shot . sid 6.7 ( to parker ) bring back memory , do not it ? through a sniper' rifle scope parker 's chest be put into the cross-hair as the bus pull away from the stop . he be focus on parker , and parker only . the sniper be some 300 yard away on a rooftop . his rifle be mount on a tripod . his aim be perfectly steady . sniper ( into he radio headset ) say good—bye , parker barne ... parker stand freeze , stare at sid 6.7 through he gun sight . look for just a inch of he to stick out from behind madison 's terrify face . sid 6.7 ( to parker ) I would not pull the trigger if I be you'k parker why 's that ? Cox advance toward sid 6.7 from the side of the bridge . Cox 's gun out and ready . his finger on the trigger . cox hey , sid , what be you plan on do with the C - 4 ? sid 6.7 turn he head in surprise toward Cox as a rifle be fire in the distance . Cox step directly in the sniper 's line - of - fire and take the bullet mean for parker through the chest . Cox drop to the bridge . parker noooooo ! he rush to Cox . parker drop to he knee , cradling Cox 's head . Cox be not long for this earth . look up to parker , he try to talk . but nothing come out . parker ( cont 'd ) ( compassionately ) do not worry , I know . I know . Cox 's eye roll back in he head . parker then close they and gently lay he head on the sidewalk . parker turn he head toward sid 6.7 , who 's release madison and be jump over a railing to the street 20 foot below . parker rush to the railing . he Pov sid 6.7 land on top of a garbage truck pass beneath the bridge . the garbage truck disappear beneath the bridge . on the bridge a dozen cop advance toward parker . weapon draw . cop # 4 freeze ! parker ignore they . he bolt across the street , move in the same direction as the bus below . through speed traffic . bullet fly . parker keep charge . right in front of a move van barrel across the bridge . the cop lose sight of parker . cop # 5 think he make it ? on the other side of the bridge parker dive onto the sidewalk , avoid the speed van by inch . get to he foot , he launch himself up and over the railing ... on the STREET the garbage truck pass beneath parker as he leap from the bridge . on top of the garbage truck parker land on the back of the truck . right next the open and - close steel jaw of the truck 's massive trash compactor . his gun tumble from he hand , fall to the street . sid 6.7 dive on top of parker , put he flat on he stomach . and he face against the steel tooth . sid 6.7 choke parker . hard . sid 6.7 I have to tell you , I do enjoy you , parker . I really do not want to have to kill you ... the sanitation worker at the wheel of the truck have no idea whatsoever what be happen on top of he truck . CUT to : the dozen of cop who have be on the bridge , charge down the step after the garbage truck , which can no longer be see . madison walk calmly behind they . scan the crowd . look for lindenmeyer . her every instinct tell she he 's here . he must be . she spot he . veering from the direction the cop head in , madison casually wade into the crowd . she take out she weapon and stop behind lindenmeyer . even in disguise , he look familiar . madison put she gun against he back . madison ( whisper into he ear ) I figure you would show up sooner or later ... CUT to : on top of the garbage truck parker and sid 6.7 continue battle next to the compactor 's lethal jaw . the machine make a awful , grind sound . not unlike the sound parker and sid 6.7 be make . the fight be primal . Savage . and move at 30 mile - per-hour . parker what C - 4...was Cox talk about ? sid 6.7 let I put it to you this way ... whether I be here ... or whether I be not ... I be leave a indelible mark on the world tomorrow night . parker where do you plant the C - 4 ?! he should concentrate more on fight , and less on ask question , because he 's lose . parker take a wick shot to the face , and then the groin . sid 6.7 hold parker 's head between the compactor 's jaw . which be close . with every last ounce of effort he have , parker hurl he leg up into sid 6.7 . which throw sid 6.7 into the compactor . the steel jaw immediately close in on sid 6.7 , who frantically try to climb out . he get he hand out . then he head . but that 's about it . without emphasize graphic detail , sid 6.7 be decapitate . his lifeless body drop back into the compactor . his head tumble to the street . the force of the impact cause the sid 6.7 character module to separate from the neural net . the character module scatter into the street . parker immediately jump off the truck after it . on the STREET parker 's landing be not pretty . finally get to he foot , he see the sid 6.7 character module be about to be run over . parker dive for it , nearly get run over himself . the approach car screech to a halt next to he . it 's drive by lindenmeyer . at gunpoint . madison sit behind he , she gun to he head . wham ! the car behind they obviously be not prepare to stop so quickly . the bumper of the two car be now intertwined . neither vehicle will be go anywhere soon . madison pull lindenmeyer roughly out of the car . she drag he to parker , who be still on he knee , clutching the sid 6.7 character module . siren approach in the distance . madison ( to parker ) find out anything ? parker a bomb 's go off tomorrow night , but I have no idea where . lindenmeyer ( a beat ) there be only one way to get any more information out of sid 6.7 ... they scan the area for a new mode of transport . and find one stop at a dumpster down the block : the garbage truck . outside the garbage truck parker quickly explain the situation to the sanitation worker while madison motion lindenmeyer into the cab with she gun . as parker climb up to she , madison shut the door to give they a moment of privacy . madison can I ask you something ? parker ( with a smile ) you mean there 's something you have not ask I ? madison ( a beat ) you have already fulfil the term of you pardon . you stop sid 6.7 and you have get he module . you be free to go —— right now . ( a beat ) why be you go to do this ? parker you do not know ? madison ( shaking she head ) that 's why I be ask . parker because this pain—in—the—ass criminal psychology expert have help I understand what I be capable of . and what I be not . ( a beat ) and better than anyone else , I be capable of stop sid 6.7 . CUT to : on top of the garbage truck parker land on the back of the truck . right next the opening—and—closing steel jaw of the truck 's massive trash compactor . his gun tumble from he hand , fall to the street . this sequence be identical to the one you previously witness . it be as if we have jump back in time . sid 6.7 dive on top of parker , put he flat on he stomach . and he face against the steel tooth . sid 6.7 choke parker . hard . sid 6.7 I have to tell you , I do enjoy you , parker . I really do not want to have to kill you ... the sanitation worker at the wheel of the truck have no idea whatsoever what be happen on top of he truck . parker and sid 6.7 battle next to the compactor 's lethal jaw . the machine make a awful , grind sound . not unlike the sound parker and sid 6.7 be make . the fight be primal . Savage . and move at 30 mile -per—hour . parker what C - 4...was Cox talk about ? sid 6.7 let I put it to you this way ... whether I be here ... or whether I be not ... I be leave a indelible mark on the world tomorrow night . parker where do you plant the C - 4 ?! he should concentrate more on fight , and less on ask question , because he 's lose . parker take a wick shot to the face , and but then block the anticipate shot to he gun . sid 6.7 still manage to put parker 's head between the compactor 's jaw . which be close . with every last ounce of effort he have , parker hurl he leg up into sid 6.7 . which throw sid 6.7 into the compactor . sid 6.7 frantically try to climb out of the compactor as the steel jaw close in on he . he get he hand out . then he head ... except parker now do something different . just before sid 6.7 be decapitate , parker jam a metal rod between the compactor 's steel tooth . then grab sid 6.7 by the throat . parker ( fiercely ) you can not die until you tell I where the C - 4 be . where be it ?! sid 6.7 ( choke ) my ...secret . he slam the back of he head into parker 's nose . break it . parker reel back in pain . sid 6.7 squeeze out from within the steel tooth . the jag metal cut into he , striping he with blood . the blood then begin to retract . sid 6.7' wound , once again , heal themselves . sid 6.7 ( cont 'd ) too bad you can not regenerate ... as the truck slow at a intersection , he jump to the street . parker go after he . still in excruciate pain . we pull back to reveal what you be see be on a monitor the scene continue seamlessly . as you may now be guess , the monitor be connect to the simulator inside lindenmeyer's station in letac parker lie unconscious on a bed . he be connect to the simulator via the neural connector in the polyurethane skull cap , just like he be before . the sid 6.7 character module be plugge into the system 's main console . lindenmeyer sit at the control . madison next to he , she gun aim at lindenmeyer 's head . they be both watch parker chase sid 6.7 on the monitor in front of they . parker continue experience intolerable pain . a clock read 4:00 am . they be the only one inside the entire facility . lindenmeyer I tell you this would work .. by set back the clock , he have absolutely no idea he 's in virtual reality . he still think he 's in the real world . madison ( a beat ) what 's wrong with parker ? lindenmeyer ( innocently ) how should I know ? madison ( get a idea ) show I he physical sensory level . she click back the hammer of she gun and press the barrel against lindenmeyer 's ear . he do as tell . on a panel by the console , you read : participant physical sensory level : 670 % . lindenmeyer I wonder how that ... madison ( cont 'd ) turn it down ! lindenmeyer adjust the sensory level back down to 100 % . on a monitor parker immediately return back to normal . his pace pick up . he start close the gap between he and sid 6.7 as he race into a shopping mall . CUT to : inside the shopping mall the place be a seven—story mecca of shopping . a atrium allow you to look from the ground floor up to the seventh . sid 6.7 rush up the escalator . go up to the second floor . then the third . parker follow suit climb escalator after escalator . throw people out of he way . on the seventh floor which be also the high , sid 6.7 veer out of view . parker race up the final step to the seventh floor . sid 6.7 be nowhere to be see . parker search methodically . efficiently . he finally spot sid 6.7 . who have parker 's head line - up perfectly in he gun sight . parker be a sit duck . boom ! parker dive behind affluent shopper 2.1 , who take a bullet in he ascot . parker quickly grab he , and use he body as a shield against sid 6.7 's constant gunfire until parker arrive behind a marble column . sid 6.7 ( surprised at parker 's ruthlessness ) we really be not that different , be we ? what he cannot see be that behind the column , affluent shopper 2.1 be Auto resetting . parker put he gun to the shopper 's head . parker ( whisper ) do not move , and do not make a sound . get it ? affluent shopper 2.1 nod he head repeatedly . parker collect himself behind the column , then pivot out from behind it . firing in sid 6.7' direction . each bullet find its mark . absorb the blow , sid 6.7 back up against the atrium railing . take one final shot , he fall backward . over the railing . parker' Pov sid 6.7 tumble through the atrium . out of control . speed toward the ground seven floor below . sid 6.7' Pov the sense of momentum be exhilate . and terrifying . if you get dizzy easily , close you eye . from the first floor sid 6.7 fall through the atrium like a rock directly at you . a 200 pound rock . wham !!! he land face down in the marble floor . the impact be bone crush . sid 6.7 do not move . until he begin to regenerate . his fluid begin return to he body . his bone regain proper form . within second , he body appear as good as new . ( technically , because this be vr1 the proper term would be Auto . reset . but since sid 6.7 think he 's in the real world , regenerate be what he think he 's do . ) sid 6.7 stand , dusting himself off . sid 6.7 man , what a rush . ( yell up to parker ) adios , amigo ! grabbing he gun , he take off out of the lobby . on the seventh floor parker retrieve he gun , then bolt down the escalator . CUT to : inside letac madison and lindenmeyer watch parker on screen . madison still have she gun train on lindenmeyer , who notice a warning light start to flash . he turn to parker 's unconscious body lie on the bed . lindenmeyer look concerned . madison what 's wrong ? lindenmeyer check several reading on he console . lindenmeyer he 's develop a hemisphere imbalance . madison talk so I can understand . lindenmeyer if I do not adjust the level of neural information each side of he brain be receive , he will not be able to walk when I take he out of vr . madison then fix it . as lindenmeyer move to parker , madison stay right with he . her gun aim at lindenmeyer 's head . lindenmeyer carefully remove one of the neural connector from parker 's skull cap . before remove another , he look for a safe place to put the connector . lindenmeyer I need you to hold this . it can not get any dirt on it . madison be reluctant , but do not know what else to do . lindenmeyer slowly give the neural connector to she free hand . lindenmeyer ( cont ' D ) all you have to do be hold the needle at the base . just make sure not to jab yourself with the point ... she clutches the needle in she leave hand while aim she gun with she right . lindenmeyer remove a second neural connector from parker 's skull . holding this second needle at the base , lindenmeyer make several adjustment on the neural management computer , then move slowly back to madison . lindenmeyer ( cont 'd ) Hand I the connector nice and ... he suddenly jab he neural connector into madison 's right forearm . madison have no time to react . 10,000 volt of electricity instantly course through she body . madison drop to the floor , unconscious . the needle she have be hold fall from she grasp , break the circuit . she stop be electrocute . which save she life . lindenmeyer ( cont ' D ) ( as sid 6.7 have say ) God , some people be stupid . he sit back down at the simulator 's main console , and start to type command . on the monitor , parker be visible exite the shopping mall . CUT to : outside the shopping mall parker race out the door . boom ! that be leave knee cap . he tumble to the street . his gun fly from he hand . parker crawl desperately toward he weapon . but not fast enough . sid 6.7 arrive at the weapon first . sid 6.7 so close , and yet , so far ... he kick the weapon down the sidewalk , then point he gun at parker 's head . sid 6.7 ( cont 'd ) it 's really too bad you have to miss the Grand finale . parker I think you like I be in the audience . do not you want I to see it ? sid 6.7 pause to think about it . sid 6.7 ( consider the idea ) you know , I do want you to see it . he shoot parker in he other knee cap , rendering both of he leg useless . sid 6.7 ( cont 'd ) I want you to have a bird 's eye view ... outside the newly -constructed hollywood tower a 67 story monument to engineering brilliance in this land of earthquake . 6:30 pm . on the roof of the hollywood tower the view be incredible . you can see from the Pacific to downtown . from lax to the Hollywood bowl . smog must be get better in the near future . sid 6.7 tie parker to a chair at the roof 's very edge . he be face downtown . include the biltmore Hotel , the location of Mayor bennett 's re—election rally . sid 6.7 there you go —— best seat in the house . parker ( with some surprise ) you be go after Mayor bennett . sid 6.7 let 's just say I be send a very clear message to he re—election rally ... he walk toward a open stairway door behind they . parker be not you go to watch with I ? sid 6.7 I have get some final preparation to take care of— '' check he watch , he stop suddenly . on he watch time be move backwards . literally . on the roof of the hollywood tower sid 6.7 pause , then go over to parker and check he watch . it be also move backwards . a smile of realization spread slowly across sid 6.7' face as he admire the beautiful sky above he . sid 6.7 ( as if to God ) thank - you , daryl. ( turn to parker ) you have I go for quite a while there , sport . parker what be you talk about ? sid 6.7 I really do think I be still in reality . at least , until now . ( look upward ) beam I up , scotty ! his body disintegrate before you eye . it 's electronic particle form into a amorphous cloud . which disappear from view . parker ( yell ) madison , get I out of here ! madison ! lindenmeyer watch parker scream on the monitor . madison remain unconscious on the floor behind he . lindenmeyer ( to the monitor ) she 's take a nap at the moment . he type a set of instruction into the console and hit enter . lindenmeyer ( cont ' D ) but do not worry . you will not be alone for very long . fairly soon , you will be dead . he remove the sid 6.7 character module from its slot and exit the station . on the roof of the hollywood tower one side of parker 's chair gradually start to rise . parker look down to see the roof surrealistically swell beneath he chair . this could only happen in virtual reality . in a matter of minute , he be go to be throw over the roof 's edge . the next stop be 693 foot down . inside letac parker 's scream for help echo throughout the facility . but there be no one there to hear he . CUT to : outside letac the garbage truck be park in a load dock . lindenmeyer climb awkwardly onto the truck , then into the compactor . inside the garbage truck compactor lindenmeyer wade through trash until he come upon sid 6.7 's headless body . the polymer neural net visible within its neck . lindenmeyer insert sid 6.7' character module into its gelatinous base . but nothing happen . lindenmeyer come on , live . live ! the synthetic nervous system begin to crackle with life . grow around the module . form the beginning of a new head . literally . CUT to : parker sit precariously on the increasingly - uneven roof of the Hollywood Tower in virtual reality . unable to break free of he bind , he rock the chair onto its side . he and the chair fall to the roof , which will keep he from fall to he death for another minute , if he 's lucky . parker madison !!! inside lindenmeyer's station madison , still unconscious on the floor , finally stir . maybe parker 's scream be finally reach she . or at least , start to . CUT to : inside the garbage truck compactor lindenmeyer look on with awe as sid 6.7 grow a new head right before you eye . you have never see anything like it . sid 6.7' result head be slightly off center . his skin tone be not perfect , nor be he color , but at least its functional . sid 6.7 admire himself in a break mirror . sid 6.7 I be beautiful , be not I ? lindenmeyer of course you be . sid 6.7 wade through the trash toward lindenmeyer . sid 6.7 how can I ever thank—you for bring I back to life a second time , daryl ? lindenmeyer help I get out of here . sid 6.7 glad to ... he reach out to give lindenmeyer a hand , then grab he by the throat . choke he . lindenmeyer can not believe what be happen . lindenmeyer ( gag ) what ... be you do ?! sid 6.7 take lindenmeyer 's face gently in he hand . sid 6.7 you make I a composite of 183 of the most vicious people who ever live . ( a beat ) what do you think I be do ? lindenmeyer I be begging you ... please do not kill I ! please ! sid 6.7 ( reassuringly ) do not worry . through I , you will live forever ... as lindenmeyer begin to scream , we CUT to : parker hang on by he fingertip to the bulbous roof of the Hollywood Tower . he 's go to fall at any second . CUT to : madison' blurry Pov of someone enter lindenmeyer 's station in letac . you can not tell who it be , at first . but you can see the person be male . and wear lindenmeyer 's pants . you now see the person be sid 6.7 . inside lindenmeyer's station madison force herself into consciousness .- or as close to it as she can get . her expression be one of complete and utter terror . sid 6.7 Dr. Carter —— I have be hope we would get a moment together ... mustering she strength , she manage to crawl behind several of the computer which make up the simulator . sid 6.7 advance calmly toward she . sid 6.7 ( cont 'd ) you know so much about I , I be hope to learn a little bit about you . you see , I be do research , too ... he look behind the computer where you last see madison . she be no longer there . sid 6.7 begin search for she . he pass a virtual reality monitor on which parker can be see cling for life . sid 6.7 ( cont 'd ) ( to the monitor ) hang in there , parker . on the monitor , parker look all around he , try to determine the voice 's origin . madison crawl out of lindenmeyer 's station . sid 6.7 just catch sight of she , and go after she . inside letac madison crawl into a darken engineer 's station and hide . she be still very dizzy . and try to keep the sound of she breathe to a minimum . sid 6.7 enter quietly . a hunter on the prowl . move very slowly . then lung very swiftly . he continue the hunt . if madison be discover , she do not have a prayer . her heart pound . her forehead perspire . sid 6.7 be get closer . sid 6.7 check inside closet . cabinet . anywhere large enough for a human be to fit . he be practically stand over she . look . listen . sid 6.7 how do it feel to know you be go to die ? what be you think about ? light in the building suddenly come on . several engineer can be hear enter . it 's 8 am —— the start of a new day . the facility be quickly become populate . after give one last look around , sid 6.7 reluctantly give up the hunt , and exit . madison do not move until she be certain sid 6.7 have leave the building . parker ( 0.s. ) somebody help ! madison scramble out of she hide place . CUT to : parker finally lose he grip on the roof of the Hollywood Tower in virtual reality . he plummet with accelerate speed . madison burst through the partition around lindenmeyer 's station . sacrifice she body . without regard for pain . parker tumble toward the sidewalk 67 storey below . the speed be terrifying . madison leap over a table . dive for the simulator 's return button . parker fall faster . and faster . the street just beneath he . the instant before he slam into the street , he body do materialize . inside lindenmeyer's station madison keep press the return button over and over , make sure it work . parker 's eye flutter as he return to consciousness . madison rush to he . madison you okay ? parker ( shaking out the cobweb ) ... I think so ... you ? madison ( look over she bruise ) more or less . parker lindenmeyer ? madison my guess be dead . parker sid ? madison I do not know . several engineer peek in curiously at they . madison ( cont 'd ) let 's get out of here . she help parker to he foot . CUT to : parker and madison at a payphone outside a mini—mall . could be any one of the 10,000 in Los Angeles . it 's late morning . parker ( on the phone ) Elizabeth deane , please . tell she it 's parker barne ... intercut with : inside cox's office Elizabeth deane pick up the phone . deane barne , where the hell have you be ?! parker try to find out where the bomb be . where the hell have you be ? deane what do you find out ? parker call off the manhunt look for I . I do not kill the transport guard . deane it 's already be call off . witnesses confirm you be not the shooter . ( a beat ) do you find out where the bomb be ? parker no , but I have confirm the reelection rally be the target . ( a beat ) how much C - 4 be miss ? deane enough to level a entire city block . parker if I be you , I would get every demolition team in the city search in and around the biltmore Hotel . deane ( with frustration ) demolition team have searched everywhere in and around the hotel . I do not know where ... parker ( interrupt ) sid be smart enough to know you would check everywhere in the immediate area . whatever the device be , he 's probably get it time to move into position just before it detonate . ( a beat ) have the demo team check every subway tunnel , water pipe , gas pipe , and sewer pipe that go under , over , or into the arena . deane you know how much man power you be talk about ? parker you be the high law enforcement official in the country . use the fuck army if you need to . he hang up the phone . CUT to : dozen of demolition team check every subway tunnel , water pipe , gas pipe , and sewer pipe that go under , over , or into Dallas Arena . the effort be massive . intensive . the clock be tick . 6:00 and count . CUT to : inside the biltmore HOTEL , MAIN lobby the area have be convert into a security checkpoint . entrant be carefully scan one—by—one . we hear the rally off screen . CUT to : outside biltmore HOTEL Security be on extreme alert . tension be very high . it 's 7:00 . parker , madison , and deane look on , anxiously . they listen to a radio scanner monitoring the conversation between the demolition team . deane ( to parker ) this better not be a wild goose chase . parker or what , you will authorize my death a second time today ? deane ( sharply ) do not forget , convict , if this psycho be not stop , you go right back to rotting in a prison cell . madison give he a break , would you ? male voice ( from scanner ) this be demo team 27 leader . I think we just find what we have be look for ... CUT to : inside a large sewer pipe a three—man demolition team slowly , carefully disarm the bomb sid 6.7 have secure to the automated sewer clean vehicle . snip . one wire at a time . snip . the work be very delicate . snip . one wrong move and it 's all over . snip . team leader one more and we be home free ... snip . the three member of the demo team look up proudly to each other . breathe sigh of relief . it 's 7:42 . CUT to : outside the biltmore HOTEL parker , madison , and deane remain glue to they scanner . team leader ( V. 0 . ) ( from scanner ) hey folk , it 's time to crack open a cold one . cheer be hear around the area from the other cop who would be listen in . deane thank God . team leader ( V. 0 . ) then again , maybe we ought to hold off for just a second ... deane ( with concern , into radio ) what 's the problem ? CUT to : inside the sewer pipe the team leader carefully remove a piece of paper which have be tape to the timing mechanism . written in handwrite , you read : hey , parker , the fun be only starting ! team leader the good news be , we be finish here . the bad news be ... CUT to : outside the biltmore HOTEL deane stare at parker with disbelief . deane 's aide , hold a cellular phone , approach parker . aide you have get a phone call . parker grab the phone . parker ( expect it to be sid ) you son-of—a—bitch , I be go to kill you . alexiev ( V. 0 . ) ( through phone ) me? what do I do ? intercut with : inside the cal tech computer lab alexiev borgen sit with a dismantle maestro keyboard in front of he . parker ( a beat ) I be sorry , I think you be somebody else . alexiev I have discover something about lindenmeyer '5 maestro teach tool I think you should know ... ( a beat ) the harm do to the music student who use the device —— it be not by accident . the machine be design explicitly for that purpose . lindenmeyer intend to hurt the kid use it . parker Jesus christ. ( turn to madison ) I know who the dominant personality be . ( a beat ) lindenmeyer . madison 's reaction be one of panic . she bolt toward they squad car with all the speed she have . parker chase after she . parker ( cont 'd ) where the hell be you go ? madison lindenmeyer never get over want to kill kid with more musical than he have ... she get into the driver 's seat . parker the passenger 's . madison punch the gas . CUT to : inside the hollywood BOWL the member of the L. A. philharmonic tune - up for the evening 's pay—per—view extravaganza . several teenage musician sit with they . light , camera , and production truck be all over the place . this really be go to be one hell of a show . tv announcer ( V. 0 . ) join the Los Angeles philharmonic for this evening 's first musical number will be several of the Los Angeles area 's finest , high school musician ... sid 6.7 who be dress in a tuxedo , knock on the door to Guest conductor 's dress room . guest conductor ( 0. 5 . ) ( german accent ) it will not do any good to rush I . I need my time to prepare myself . the door be open by the guest conductor , who be dress in a tuxedo , as well as large earring . his hair be long and red . his complexion be pale , nearly white . and he eye be pierce green . you might describe this look as punk meet classical . guest conductor ( annoyed beyond belief ) be you just go to stand there , or do you want something ? shake with concentration , sid 6.7 turn he hair red . ( nano—organisms can do this , as well as the follow . ) he then grab he hair and pull it out , extend it to the exact length of the guest conductor 's . sid 6.7 then change he complexion to match the conductor 's . as well as he eye color , and other facial feature . the Guest conductor can not believe he eye . by the time sid 6.7 be finish modify himself , he may not be a exact duplicate of the guest conductor , but even he mother would have to look twice . sid 6.7 it 's show time . he shove the Guest conductor back into he dress room . sid 6.7 follow he in , revealing a suppress .38 . he slam the door behind he . CUT to : inside the squad car madison speed recklessly through traffic toward the Hollywood bowl . parker do not notice . he 's totally focus on scream into the police radio . parker listen to I , a bomb be plant somewhere in the Hollywood bowl ! evacuate everybody ! female voice I be sorry , sir , I do not have the authorization to do that . parker then put somebody on who do ! male voice what 's seem to be the problem ? parker you have get to stop the concert ! a bomb be go to go off ! male voice I be sorry , sir , the concert have already start . CUT to : the guest conductor whose back be to the audience , lead the orchestra in a truly magnificent performance of tchaikovsky 's fifth symphony inside the Hollywood bowl . the Guest conductor wave he baton wildly . passionately . brilliantly . get the absolute best from the member of the orchestra . the musician exhilarate in the challenge of be push to they musical limit . as the Guest conductor turn to the next page of he sheet music on the podium , you notice seven small , high -frequency sensor above a upcoming musical measure . the sensor be wire together . when the seven note be play in sequence , a electrical pulse will be trigger down the wire which run down the side of the podium , beneath the stage . beneath the stage the wire connect to several crate of c—4 position beneath the orchestra . this seven note will be the last note this musician ever play . CUT to : outside the hollywood BOWL madison screech the vehicle to a halt . she come within inch of mow down several people . madison and parker bolt to the entrance , flash they badge to the guard . inside the hollywood BOWL the Guest conductor 's movement grow even more intense . more demand . as he look to the violin section , we now see the conductor 's face . it be sid 6.7. sid 6.7 ( silently ) do not hold back ... give it to I . give it to I ! the orchestra play with everything they have get . they hit every note perfectly . include a high c. on the conductor' podium the first sensor be trigger . then the second . parker and madison appear at the back of the stage . gun raise . distract the musician . as parker and madison charge through the horn section toward sid 6.7 , the musician stop play . on the conductor' podium the fifth sensor be trigger . then the sixth ... but not the seventh . sid 6.7 can not believe he eye . or he ear . the entire orchestra have stop . sid 6.7 come on , play ! play ! in he rage , he face contort " past point " , which can only be describe bizarre , frightening , and not , something you would ever like to see when you look in the mirror . the musician stare at sid 6.7 , and then at parker and madison with concerned , confuse silence . which be break by parker 's gunfire . ducking behind the podium , sid 6.7 desperately try to rewire the sensor to trigger manually . without luck . he take he .38 out of he jacket and start fire . pandemonium erupt throughout the Hollywood bowl . audience member run in every direction . the member of the orchestra bolt for they very life , but keep they instrument with they . even the oboist . prevent parker and madison from take any further shot at sid 6.7 . sid 6.7 bolt down into the crowd . madison can not get off a clean shot . neither can parker . he aim , but do not fire . he and madison struggle through the crowd after he . outside the hollywood BOWL parker and madison just catch a glimpse of sid 6.7 as he rush up the entrance ramp to the Hollywood freeway . parker and madison bolt after he . on the hollywood freeway parker and madison race past the car wait to merge into what be effectively a parking lot . as be normal for this thoroughfare , traffic be at a standstill . sid 6.7 be nowhere to be see . parker and madison split—up , wading through different lane of traffic . startle the already frustrated motorist . who roll up they window . lock they door . and some of whom reveal weapon of they own . madison pause , listen . she have no idea that sid 6.7 step behind she . wham ! he cold cock she with the butt of he gun . madison crumple to the street . which now leave parker a clean shot at sid 6.7' head . boom ! boom ! two hit . two head wound . sid 6.7 fall behind a truck , lose he weapon . before sid 6.7' wound have finish regenerate , parker be already on top of he . parker ( neighborly ) hey , old buddy , old pal , good to see you again . he empty he clip into sid 6.7 , then discard the gun . as sid 6.7 's wound heal themselves , parker pound he mercilessly . sid 6.7 ( lose it ) you ...ruine ... i'm go to kill you !!! Trading blow , he manage to get to he foot . parker now , be that any way to talk to a old friend ? sid 6.7 ( explode ) barne , you're dead ! he knock parker back with a good shot to the face , then disappear around a van . parker continue the hunt . quietly . carefully . tension grow in the silence that follow . he carefully make he way around a truck . only to see sid 6.7 swinging a two - by-four directly at he head . wham !!! parker be knock on he ass . daze4 . blood stream down he cheek . he stagger to he foot , block another blow with he arm . which snap the wood in two . parker grab one of the board . he battle with sid 6.7 . the fight between parker and sid 6.7 be intense . exhausting . parker give it everything he have . madison appear behind parker , hold he gun . she waver , have trouble keep she balance . she have even more trouble aim she weapon . madison hey , parker ... she move around , try to get a clean shot at sid 6.7 . which she do not have . parker how 's you pulse ? madison ( totally focus ) I could not tell you . parker then shoot he already . madison duck ! without hesitation , parker hit the deck . leave sid 6.7 completely expose . madison steady she sight . sid 6.7 ( to madison ) you could not hit the side of a ... as he raise he two—by—four high over parker 's head , madison pull the trigger smoothly . in slow motion , you follow the bullet as it exit the barrel of she gun . and penetrate sid 6.7' skull between the eye and exit out the back of he head . sid 6.7 collapse on the ground next to parker . madison what do we do now ? parker you will not want to watch . turn around . she do so . parker reach out of frame to remove the sid 6.7 character module from within he skull . then reveal the character module in hand . madison what should we do with it ? glancing in the flatbe of a truck , parker get a idea , and knock on the driver 's window . as the driver roll down he window , classic rock &amp ; roll music can be hear from inside . parker mind if I borrow a couple of you tool for a second ? driver be my guest . parker remove two sledgehammer from the back of the truck . he offer one to madison . parker Care to join I ? madison gladly accept take the sledgehammer . parker drop the sid 6.7 character module onto the pavement . and together , they start pound the shit out of it . wham ! wham ! in perfect time with the music . which the driver crank even louder . as we roll credit . the end