int . chinese restaurant - late afternoon Fresh flower be deliver to the load dock of a upscale chinese restaurant . hand pick up a tub of long -stemm , white flower and ferry they through a kitchen where food preparation have begin . vegetable be chop . wok be take down off hook . duck get stuff , etc . the hand move through swinging kitchen door and into a elegant dining room . a slender vase sit in the middle of a plain white tablecloth . the hand insert three of the flower in the vase , remove offend leave and fluffing up the arrangement . the camera retreat to reveal a dining room full of similarly accoutre table and satisfied restaurant manager hue ling . hue return through the kitchen door and pick up a tray of pre-cut fortune cookie dough . he hold the tray over he head as he , again , navigate the kitchen . he set it down in front of a frazzle twenty - something - year- old non -asian , garrett henry . hue no more fortune with the word " suckle " in they . garrett what ? hue a customer last night bring I he wife 's fortune and it have the word " suckle " in it . garrett do you remember how it be use ? hue I do not care how it be use ! no more suckle . garrett it 's another word for nourish , you know . hue then use " nourish , " just no more suckle , '' suckle , «may one day suckle . garrett bisuckle ? mr . hue wag a warning finger at garrett who take a black feel tip pen and add the word suckle to a list that include the word " dictator , " " sponge , " and " yankee . " fortune Cookie - 2 . int . trent kennedy house - afternoon casually - dress trent kennedy enter he live room carry mail . the home avoid usual bachelor trapping . there be no Ferrari poster or dish pile in sink , etc . a entire wall be line with full bookshelve , but miscellaneous book be strewn about as well . trent push play on he answer machine . he enter he kitchen and approach a crib . we can not see who / what he 's talk to . trent hey little guy . still illin ' ? woman' voice hey trent . this be Teresa . God , this be embarrassing , but I think I leave a pair of earring over there last weekend . anyway , they sort of go with what I be wear tonight , and I be wonder if maybe - - if you be not go to be there -- if you could leave they out in you mailbox . I can just run by and pick they up later . ..0r whatever . trent walk back into he bedroom and pull out the drawer of he night stand . he open a cigar box revealing condom , a dozen earring , and a couple watch . trent shit . trent rifle through the box while a second message play . man' voice this be Kevin -- Kevin from the Black hearted irish . I be wonder if you be go to play that single I send you on you show anytime soon ? give I a call . the third message be again teresa . woman' voice they be green . and dangly . relieved , trent pull the correct pair of earring out of the box . he grab a envelope off he desk and seal the earring inside . fortune Cookie - 3 . int . patterson kitchen - afternoon seventeen -year-old heath patterson insert a compact disk into a jambox . the Jackson five 's " I will be there " purr out of the speaker . arm outstretch , he perform a cornball waltz towards he sister , twenty - three - year - old beth patterson . she laugh . beth they will not really play this , will they ? heath I want to be prepare for anything . beth grab she brother 's hand and place they on she hip . then she put she hand on he shoulder . she lead they into a slow dance shuffle . heath ( cont 'd ) so this be it ? this be simple ! beth I be lead . heath so ? I do not have a problem with that . she can lead . beth she might expect you to . here . I be go to stop , and you take over . after a awkward moment , the two resume the dance . heath this be not too hard . beth remember , there be a beat . heath work to find the beat . heath you may not realize this , but we kid today -- what with the decline in family value and all -- dance a bit closer than this . beth we be do what be commonly know among the female sex as type four dance . ( continued ) fortune Cookie - 4. 3 continued : heath ah , type four . maybe I should be take note . beth perhaps . notice the sign . we could fit a third person between we . my hand rest lightly and significantly above you hip bone . I be stare not at you , but at the cute basketball player across the dance floor . heath and type four dance represent ? beth utter disinterest . heath show I type three . beth move in closer to she brother . beth ok , type three . friendlier . room to chat without bump nose , but the invisible wall be still there . she 's reserve judgement , but you have get she attention . heath I would take type three . beth who be this girl anyway ? heath a sublime beauty . a goddess . poetry in a supermodel 's body . her name 's Doug . beth that 's poetic . heath Ann Douglas , but everyone call she Doug . beth and I assume she 's be make a fool of herself pursue you . heath it 's be embarrassing , really . the two dance for a moment in silence . ( continued ) fortune Cookie - 5 . 3 continued : heath ( cont 'd ) the truth be , I be not sure she know my name before I ask she out . she 's in my trig class . beth pretty gutsy . heath show I type two . beth close in on heath , eliminate the gap between they . heath ( cont 'd ) ( feign disgust ) you thing -- they're touch I . hey ! hey ! hey ! watch the hand , sister ! beth ( ignore he ) here 's where you will want to slide you hand down to the middle of she back . unless they be sweaty . if they be sweaty , put ‘em on she hip ..on she jeans where she will not notice . heath be this where the sweet nothing come in ? beth whoa , Tiger . we do not even have the training wheel off yet . so what make this girl say yes if she do not know who you be ? heath boatload of charm . plus , and probably more importantly , she just gut publicly dumped by a jock of some renown beth and like a circle buzzard , my brother ... heath . swooped down on the carcass . beth a class act . the pair type - two dance for a few more second . ( continued ) fortune Cookie - 6 . 3 continued : heath okay , this be start to creep I out . I think I have get it . they separate and plop down in chair . beth well let 's hope she do not expect to be dip . heath let 's hope . so what be you plan for this glorious Friday night ? you think they might tie up all the loose end on the X file . beth uh , I have a date . heath we long national nightmare be over . who be he ? beth his name be trent . he work at that radio station you and all you little skinhead buddy listen to . heath if you insist on labeling we -- we're " alternative . " oh wait a minute . I do not believe it . my sister have a date with trent " the Dead " Kennedy . beth I do ? heath I think Mom and dad should know about this . beth he seem nice . heath how would you meet he ? beth he 's in my book club . heath the ala- geek -win round table . well , he can read . we can put that in the plus ( more ) ( continued ) 3 fortune Cookie - 7 . continued : heath ( cont would ) column . you suppose once you marry he I can get free concert ticket ? beth it 's just dinner . heath maybe a bumper sticker ? beth it probably will not amount to anything . heath ( bait he sister ) he 's no Daniel , hunh ? beth Lay off , heath . heath well , I be sorry , but as cool as Daniel be , the dude 's go . he make he decision . I say it 's time to get over it . beth if I ever see Daniel again , I will tell he it 's over between the two of you . ext . jame madison high school - afternoon a line of expensive look car wait in a circular drive next to a gymnasium . carolyn douglas , sit behind the steering wheel of the one clunker in the row , read fortune Magazine as she wait for she daughter doug . a group of pom pom carry girl approach the car . they tell each other goodbye or , alternately , " see you tonight . " doug get in the clunker . int . douglas clunker - afternoon still engross in the article , carolyn absently start the engine . carolyn how be practice ? doug it be there . carolyn mmm hmm ( continued ) 5 continued : fortune Cookie - 8. doug we be make one of that giant pyramid today . and you know James , that dwarf we just add to the squad ? the one they experiment on in biology lab ? well he be the top of the pyramid . carolyn ( absently ) yeah ? doug yeah ? anyway , I be suppose to be spot , but I realize that I have not paint my nail , so I wander over to my purse to get the polish -- I see no option -- and then I hear this thud follow by all this manic cheerleader scream . carolyn ( still engross in magazine ) uh huh ... doug I run back to where I be suppose to be stand , and there be James lay ina pool of blood , stare up , he eye still open . he look like that picture in we history book of Robert Kennedy after he have be assassinate . doug pose briefly like Robert Kennedy on the floor of the ambassador Hotel . carolyn start the car , and begin to pull out of the lot . carolyn blockbuster stock be up again . doug no kid . carolyn they're the fastest grow franchise in America . ext . douglas clunker ( moving ) - night the car pull carefully out of the lot into light suburban traffic . ( continued ) fortune Cookie - 9 . 6 continued : doug ( between resignation and anger ) wow . a moment of silence as the car continue down the street . carolyn you do not suppose James ' family be go to sue we ? doug blood from a stone , Mom . blood from a stone . 7 int . jewelry store - late afternoon nervous forty - year- old dean jeffries stare at engagement ring through a glass case . a humorless and matronly sale clerk waddle over . sale clerk be there anything you would like to take a closer look at sir ? dean uh , that one . the sale clerk withdraw the ring from the case and hand it to dean . dean examine the dangle price tag . a look of concern pass across he face . sale clerk Three month salary be the rule of thumb sir . dean what ? sale clerk for how much you should spend , that be . dean who do you suppose come up with that rule ? sale clerk Sir ? dean well -- and this be only a theory -- but I suspect that whoever decide that three month 's salary be the rule be sit on you side of the counter . ( continued ) 7 fortune Cookie - 10 . continued : sale clerk I would not know . dean hold the ring up and admire it . he want to get it . dean I think they be in cahoot with whoever invent secretaries Day . sale clerk no , that be the flower shop people . we have nothing to do with that . dean laugh . the sale clerk still refuse to smile . dean I have a question . the sale clerk stare at dean who remain uncomfortable . dean ( cont 'd ) can you return they ? sale clerk within seventy two hour . dean um .. do you .. I mean ... be there ... sale clerk no question ask , sir . dean do people laugh ? Point and stare ? sale clerk not until you have leave the premise . dean continue to study the ring . dean I will take it . sale clerk will that be cash or credit ? dean I will be use my first bear . sale clerk I will find a fancy box . fortune Cookie - 11 . ext . strip CENTER - late afternoon camera reveal a expansive and pristine blockbuster video outlet , then pan to its neighbor , the nookish " Les video . " int . les video - late afternoon carolyn stand behind the counter while doug shelf video in the tiny store . doug the unbearable lightness of be . it be about Czechoslovakia , but it be make in England . carolyn true . doug thanks , but where do it go . carolyn in the Daniel Day Lewis section . doug oh . you realize this be the reason that in the history of civilization no one have ever be able to find a movie at a video store without ask . I think we should start a trend . let 's just alphabetize every last one of they . no more subdivide by category , by country , by star , by director . every movie in it 's place . carolyn most people do not come in look for a particular film . most come in and browse . they like all the comedy be together . they like all the subtitle film together . there 's a article in video entrepreneur that explain the strategy if you want to read about it . doug ( sarcastically ) the new issue of video entrepreneur come in and you do not tell I ? carolyn I be save it for a special occasion . you birthday be not far off . ( continued ) 9 continued : fortune Cookie - 12 . doug Mom , why do not you just sell blockbuster this space , marry Dean , and live happily ever after . carolyn do not you dare mention the m word in front of Dean . doug you have be go out , what , a year ? carolyn to the day . doug well I want to know what he intention be . he 's a great guy . you be crazy about he . I be tired of you two have to sneak around behind my back . I do not see what the hold up be here . carolyn honey , there be thing you do not know about Dean . doug he 's a vampire , a bloodsuck prince of darkness . I have a feel he be too good to be true . carolyn and that 's not even that bad part , honey . the thing be .. the thing be .. doug the thing be ... carolyn the thing be that it 's none of you business , but just know that Dean be understandably a little gun - shy when it come to marriage . doug and how do you feel about it ? carolyn I can think of worse thing , but I be not go to let Dean know that . I be sure it would scare he to death . ( continued ) 9 continued : fortune Cookie - 13 . doug be you do something with he tonight ? carolyn yes , and speak of which , do not you have a dance to start get ready for ? doug do not remind I . carolyn not look forward to it ? doug I think I be go to call he and tell he I can not go . help I think of something . hey , you say you want to start stay open late . let 's start tonight . I will work . carolyn you do not like this boy you be go with ? doug I do not know he . I do not know why he ask I . I be just too shocked to think of anything to say except yes . God , everybody in school know I be single , and Troy 's already ask a freshman --a freshman -- to the dance . most of the time , if I have a clue somebody like I who I do not want to go out with , I can manage to avoid be alone with he , or I will already have a excuse - - a good one -- just right there , ready , you know . at the tip of my tongue . this guy trick I . he give none of the usual preliminary sign . carolyn the usual sign ? doug stutter . shortness of breath . describe he car stereo . carolyn be he cute ? doug that 's the thing : I have never notice . ( continued ) 9 10 continued : fortune Cookie - 14 . carolyn I do not think you can back out on a date to a formal dance four hour beforehand . he 's probably already rent a tux . doug probably white . probably with tail and a top hat . a pink cummerbund . carolyn you know we use to think of dating as a chance to get to know people . doug you and Betty and wilma ? carolyn you know I meet you father on a blind date . doug that settles it . I be stay home . carolyn I think you should go . doug I will make you a deal . carolyn I be listen . doug I will go , but you have get to promise to snatch that corsage out of he hand right off . otherwise I will end up bleed and feel up before I be even out of the house . carolyn and you promise not to run up and hug Dean and call he daddy ? doug you gotta learn to take a joke , Mom . int . chinese restaurant - after close 10 all six primary character and garrett will be interview in they own environment . during garrett 's interview , restaurant employee continue to clean , vacuum , etc. behind he . ( continued ) 10 11 12 13 fortune Cookie - 15 . continued : 10 garrett the notice in the English grad student lounge say " Creative writer need bad , " and of course , someone have add " competent grammarian need worser " below that . when I see it , I could not figure out what a chinese Restaurant would need a " creative writer " for , but I need a job . Mr. Hue tell I the concept . he want someone who would write fortune . you know .. for the fortune cookie . no two , he say , could ever be the same . he do not want any that say , " confucious say , yadda yadda . " he do not want they pull out of quotation book . and they have to be handwritten . he tell I to give he one on the spot . I say , " nine dollar a hour be a small price to pay for piece of mind . " so I get the job . I try to be philosophical about it . I figure in the literary hierarchy , what I do come somewhere between be the lyricist for bryan Adams and write street sign . some of that street sign be brilliant by the way . I see one once that say , " Men laying pipe beware . " I would have sign my name to that one . int . trent's house - early evening 11 trent sit in front of he high tech stereo system . he have several CD laid out in front of he : Van morrison , terrence trent d'arby , elvis costello , Bob marley , etc . he humm " I be in the mood for love " as he refer to the song listing on the CD and program in appropriate mood music . he adjust the volume to a level that 's be mark on the amplifier . as he push the final two button on the CD player , he speak . trent repeat . infinity . int . beth' apartment - early evening 12 beth open she closet . all of she dress be black . without much think she reach for one of the garment and lay it out across the bed . int . heath' bedroom - early evening 13 heath be fully deck out in he tux . he gaze at the digital clock impatiently wait for it to change . 14 15 16 fortune Cookie - 16 . int . doug be bedroom - early evening 14 doug talk on the phone . she be still in she gym clothes . she be upset . doug I can not believe I be hearing this . remember , you think we be get " too serious . " you think we ought to see other people . do the word " we can still be friend " sound familiar ? int . dean's bathroom - early evening 15 dean shower . we see only a silhouette , but we can hear the shower radio which be broadcasting a advertisement feature a bicker marry couple , both with grate voice . woman do not I tell you to fix the roof ? man I tell ya ! I be watch the game ! woman you lazy good - for-nothing .. man nag. nag. nag. radio announcer sound familiar ? maybe it 's time you ... we see dean be silhouett head bang into the shower radio , effectively turn it off . int . carolyn' bedroom - early evening 16 carolyn finish load a automatic drip coffee maker , set it for 5 a.m . when she 's finish this , she scratch a item off of a " to - do " list on the counter . she pull milk out of the refrigerator , sniff it , then dump it out . again she cross a item off she list . refer to she list , she go to the bottom of a stairway and yell . caryolyn Ann , you need to get off the phone and start get ready . doug ( 0.s . ) ( frustrated ) in a minute ! ( continued ) 16 17 18 fortune Cookie - 17 . continued : 16 carolyn cross this chore off she list . int . trent's live room - evening 17 trent straighten up he house . the book that have be leave lay about the live room he return to shelf . then , think a bit about it , he pull " the Color purple " and the collect poem of yeat from the shelf . he insert a bookmark in one and leave it conspicuously out on the coffee table . the other he place spread eagle in another unavoidable location . int . beth' bedroom - evening 18 beth be now outfit in she modest black dress . she walk into the live room of she apartment where she roommate amanda sit watch the Love Boat . amanda that gopher ... beth you know the plan ? amanda page you at eleven p.m . beth should I set a alarm ? amanda no , but you should take a chill pill . beth let 's see . be I forget anything ? amanda ( facetiously ) you think we should synchronize watch ? beth oh yeah . when you go to the store , could you pick I up a pint of Ben & Jerry 's ? amanda traditional cure - all for post date blue . beth you get it . 19 20 21 22 23 fortune Cookie - 18 . int . heath' bedroom - evening 19 heath continue to stare at the clock . as it turn 7:45 , he get up deliberately , pick up the corsage sit on he desk , take one last look at himself in the mirror , and march out of the house and to he car . int . heath be car - evening 20 heath set the corsage on the passenger seat , put the key in the ignition and turn it . nothing happen . he stare blankly . then he calmly remove the key , open the small blade on he swiss Army knife and pretend to perform hari kara . int . doug be bedroom - evening 21 doug be still in she gym clothes and on the telephone . she be upset but have mellow a bit . doug '' I have miss you too . .. yeah . .. yeah . I know what you mean . .. have you tell you new little friend ? after tonight ? you want to get back together after the dance ? .. well which be worse , tell she before the dance or after ? God , Troy , you want you cake and you want to eat it too . .. yeah , but if you eat it , you would not have it any more . forget it , Troy , it 's a expression . just a second , I have get a call come in . doug click over to the second call . doug ( cont 'd ) hello ? int . patterson kitchen - evening 22 heath scrub grease off he hand . he 's get the cordless phone propped up next to he ear . heath uh , doug. this be heath . I be sorry I be run late . I be have have some minor car problem here , but it 's about take care of . int . doug be bedroom - evening 23 doug finally look at the clock . she have almost succeed in forget she own date . she be speechless . 24 25 26 27 fortune Cookie - 19 . int . patterson kitchen - evening 24 heath uh , Doug ? uh , I be sorry , be Doug there ? int . doug be bedroom - evening 25 doug stare at a picture of herself with a boy we assume be Troy . doug this be doug. okay . that 's no problem , heath . in fact , I have be have some problem with my dress , so , uh , take you time . .. okay . .. see you then . doug click back over to Troy . doug ( cont 'd ) hey Troy ? look . I will just see you at the dance . maybe you will get to meet my date . bye . int . carolyn' bedroom - evening 26 carolyn roll on deodorant . she scratch a item off she list . she apply lipstick and once again scratch a item off . she refer to the list . carolyn ( read ) shower . she look up disgustedly at she reflection and shake she head . int . dean's bedroom - evening 27 dean work on get he tie right . the tv in he room be tune into the news . newscaster the latest allegation levied by Prince Charles against Lady Di involve rumor of ... dean use the remote control to switch to a sport channel . sportscaster the football team may be leave Cleveland , but the city be keep its name . ( continued ) 27 28 fortune Cookie - 20 . continued : 27 dean flip channel again . announcer we return to Dean Martin and Jerry Lewis in ... flip once more , dean land on the Discovery channel . onscreen , two amoeba 's split apart . he turn the tv off , and exit the room , work on he tie as he depart . he return to the room a minute after the door close and retrieve the ring he have leave on the bureau . int . douglas bathroom - evening 28 doug be frantically put on makeup . carolyn be blow drying she hair . carolyn honey , will you generation of woman ever appreciate what mine have do for you . doug you hear from blockbuster again ? carolyn " Mrs. Douglas , we have the utmost respect for you , Les video and you clientele . you have really teach we a thing or two about persistence . " doug what 's wrong with that ? carolyn what do you mean , what 's wrong with it ? it 's patronize . persistence be just another way of say I be stubborn . doug sound fine to I . where 's Dean take you tonight ? carolyn that chinese place , the one with the fortune cookie . well there 's more . they have upped the offer another five percent . doug that bastard . the Empire ? ( continued ) 28 29 continued : fortune Cookie - 21 . 28 carolyn the offer part 's fine . it 's this next line . " we would also accept you into we advanced management training program . " then they say something about where they would transfer I and how much money I would make when I get out . the Empire sound right . doug wow , fancy . how much would they pay you ? carolyn that 's not the point . I have be manage a store for ten year . what do I need to go to blockbuster management school for ? be they go to teach I how to make a eye-catch display use eighty copy of tango & Cash ? notice doug be transformation ... carolyn ( cont would ) you certainly be dress to kill . I think you be not interested in this boy . doug it 's not for he . int . radio station - day 29 trent sit in the dj booth at a alternative rock station . something grungy buzze out of the earphone hang around he neck . trent there be this time -- I think I be 16 - - that I get ask to one of that sadie hawkins dance by this girl I do not really know , but I say yes because , you know , I do not want to be a dick . technically , the girl be suppose to pick you up , but she do not have a car and she live like a thousand mile outside of town , so I drive out to get she . the first thing I do when I get there be lock my key in the car . as if that 's not enough , the motor 's run , she parent have leave for the evening , and my dad 's not home , so we be just stick there . at first it 's unbelievably awkward , but every time we look at the car we just ( more ) ( continued ) 29 30 fortune Cookie - 22 . continued : 29 trent ( cont would ) bust out laugh . we end up go sledding on a big hill near she house which be a blast . you know how you have to hold on to each other , and we be scream and laugh . we be out there live some sort of norman rockwell painting , and I be think , " gee , this girl be swell . " we fourth or fifth time down the hill , we slide into this huge pile of slush . when she parent get home , I be stand in front of the fireplace in nothing but she dad 's bathrobe and a smile . but the dad be cool . he 's like , " could I get you my slipper , Son ? " I think that be the last time I have a good time on a date . before it become a science . God , I can not even remember if I kiss she . ext . beth' apartment - night 30 trent arrive at beth be door . dress sharply , he carry a single rise . he knock . beth answer . amanda remain on the couch face both the tv and the door . trent hi . you ready ? beth ( concerned ) I do not look ready ? trent no , I mean yeah , you look ready . it be rhetorical .. sort of . I guess I mean be you available to leave ? amanda a fly start . beth yeah , let 's go . trent ( hold out rise ) this be for you . beth thanks . beth hold the flower self - consciously try to decide whether she should carry it or leave it in a vase . trent notice . ( continued ) 30 3 fortune Cookie - 23 . continued : 30 trent I get it from one of that sidewalk vendor . they say sell flower keep they off crack . amanda a single rise mean I love you . beth and trent , both horrify , turn and gape at amanda . beth thank you , miss manners . amanda just think you should know . int . douglas live room - night 31 heath fidget in the live room . carolyn put on she own shoe as she try to stall for she daughter . carolyn Ann say the two of you have math together . heath trig -- and boy do it come in handy . there 's a pause while carolyn decide whether heath be be intentionally funny . carolyn Ann say that college prep course be difficult . heath pretty tough . a moment of awkward silence . carolyn so what be you plan ? heath well , after graduation , I think I want to go to a four- year school , you know , study art , maybe go into animation . carolyn uh , I will need Ann home before that . ( continued ) 31 fortune Cookie - 24 . continued : 31 heath sorry . you mean tonight . dinner before the dance at louie 's on the Lake . a bunch of friend of mine be eat there . then I be go to take she to this coffee shop down by the university . they have get one of my piece on display there . I do not know . you think that would look like show off ? carolyn I be not sure what ... carolyn stop speak when she see heath be jaw drop . behind she doug have enter the room look stun . heath stand up . he 's hold the corsage box in he tremble hand . carolyn ( cont 'd ) would you like some help with that , heath ? heath hand the box off to carolyn without take he eye off doug . doug hi , sorry I be run late . heath this be not the sock I want to wear . doug what ? carolyn oh , what do you know ? this be a wrist corsage . carolyn help doug on with the corsage while heath fidget . carolyn ( cont 'd ) now , Ann , I want you home no later than ... doug mouth the word " early " to she mother . carolyn ( cont 'd ) midnight . doug oh , mom . carolyn Midnight , and I mean it . I need you to inventory the store in the morning . ( continued ) fortune Cookie - 25 . 31 continued : carolyn work the group towards the door . carolyn ( cont 'd ) Nice meeting you , heath . heath thanks , you too . carolyn I think she would like to see you work . doug see he what ? carolyn close the door on the couple . 32 ext . douglas house - night as heath and doug stroll up the sidewalk , dean pull up in front of the house . doug hey , Dean ! dean hey , kiddo . bowl tonight ? doug tractor pull . unintroduce , heath stand uncomfortably . dean be you mom ready ? doug for a hostile takeover , yes . for a date ? who know . dean actually , with we date , it 's tough to tell the difference . doug ( cover she ear ) I do not want to hear about it . doug finally remember heath . doug ( cont 'd ) Dean , this be heath . ( continued ) 32 33 fortune Cookie - 26. continued : 32 dean hi. none of the pretty girl willing to go with you ? heath laugh nervously . doug we have math together . heath trig. dean maybe you will be able to get some homework do tonight . dean reach out to shake heath 's hand . when he do , the ring box fall out of the jacket he 's carry . he stuff it back in he pocket quickly , but not before doug notice . dean ( cont 'd ) ( upon box retrieval , shaking heath 's hand ) sorry about that . never know when you be go to need that spare glass eye . good to meet you . heath uh , yeah . doug we better go . Mom give he demerit for tardiness . see ya , Dean . doug lead heath away . dean ( call after they ) have fun . dean knock on the door while open it up . int . douglas live room - night 33 dean enter the house . dean hi , honey . I be home . dean plop down on the couch and kick he foot up on a ottoman . carolyn enter room with a cordless phone press to she ear . she nod at dean , but continue the conversation . ( continued ) 33 continued : fortune Cookie - 27 . 33 carolyn ( angrily ) no , you see , I would not be call you at home if you return my call from you shop which be where you should be anyway . you promise I that vcr last week . dean Big day at the office . carolyn I rent they . you fix they . it work better that way . dean naw , you would not want to hear about it . carolyn well where be the part come from ? the eighteenth century ? we have this thing now . it 's call next - day delivery ? dean okay , okay . they want I to head up the new software division . carolyn no they do not use pony anymore . dean and , from what I understand , San Francisco be a beautiful city . carolyn can I get that in blood ? dean good weather . Fancy rice dish . carolyn always a pleasure , Mr. Willis . dean great restaurant . carolyn click the phone off emphatically . carolyn what about great restaurant ? dean we be go to one . you ready ? fortune Cookie - 28. 34 int . trent's car - night 34 trent and beth drive to the restaurant . trent it 's call the Empire . have you hear of it ? beth no . trent I have just be a couple time . food 's great . service be unbelievable . and they have this thing . beth this thing ? trent this thing they do . they handwrite you fortune in the fortune cookie . last time I go the ink be still wet . beth that 's hygienic . do you remember what it say ? trent clearly . it say , " Risk you heart without fear . loneness go . romance near . " beth and be it ? trent Real near . the guy one table over from I be perform a non-surgical tonsillectomy on he date . beth God , I hate that . trent yeah . beth it say " loneness " -- not loneliness ? trent that 's what make I remember it . ( continued ) 34 35 fortune Cookie - 29 . continued : 34 beth I do not know if I like that . I mean , loneliness be bad -- we can all agree on that -- but I be not sure " loneness " be . trent it 's like people think that if you be alone , you be automatically unhappy . beth I be very content by myself . trent same here . int . heath be car - night 35 doug and heath ride in heath 's car in uncomfortable silence . doug hey , what do you think about eat at the Empire ? heath ( hesitate ) sound fine . doug do you already have plan ? heath no , not really . the pair return to the uncomfortable silence . heath ( cont 'd ) Mr. jeffries coach I in Little League . doug Dean ? he do not remember you ? heath I be seven at the time . I think he might have if I would have sit next to he and yell , " hey batter , batter , batter , batter , swwwwwwing " again with the silence . heath ( cont 'd ) do not you hate Mrs. shropshire ? ( continued ) fortune Cookie - 30 . 35 continued : doug yeah . you have she for government ? heath no. doug civics ? heath ( uneasily ) no. doug have you ever have she for a class ? heath no. doug so why do you hate she ? heath I have just hear , you know , people say thing that , I guess , umm , make I hate she . doug oh. heath the food in the cafeteria -- that 's really bad too . doug I have never have any . heath well , I do not recommend it . more uncomfortable silence . heath ( cont 'd ) I do not think the Beatles be all that great either . doug look quizzically at heath . 36 int . carolyn' clunker - night carolyn drive dean to the restaurant . ( continued ) 36 37 fortune Cookie - 31 . continued : 36 carolyn I can not believe you be not even go to mention it . dean mention what ? carolyn you know what . do anything special happen down at the accounting firm of Ross and harvey today ? dean oh . you mean the stripper who come in and sing happy anniversary to I in the middle of a staff meeting . carolyn it be not a stripper . it be a man ina gorilla suit . dean Boy , I sure waste a lot of dollar bill , then . and , once again , you one - upped I . carolyn the flower you send be lovely . dean rest he head on carolyn be shoulder as she drive . carolyn ( cont 'd ) and I do not one - up you . carolyn wrap she arm around Dean 's shoulder . dean honey , that light be red . carolyn no it be not . int . the empire kitchen - night 37 the restaurant be operate at full - tilt now . the kitchen be a buzz of activity . a impatient waiter , JOHN lu , speak above the din to garrett who be up to he elbow in strip of paper , cookie and ink . lu table seventeen . conventioneer . garrett reduce they to stereotype for I . ( continued ) fortune Cookie - 32 . 37 continued : 37 lu " conventioneer " be not enough ? garrett shake he head no . lu ( cont 'd ) ( sighing ) all right . the man send the first bottle of wine back . he say the nose be too herbal . garrett enough say . the date ? garrett begin scribbling down the first fortune . lu the woman be artificially tan , except for mysterious pale band on ring finger of leave hand . garret Charlie Chan ! lu I see number one son impressed . garrett for the lady . garrett hand lu first fortune . lu ( read ) stop and smell the poseur . garrett and for the gentleman ... reading second one as he write it . sometimes .. cheater ..win. mostly .. they wend up ..like .. the ..couple ..in .. the tower .. inferno . there . that should make for a interesting denouement . lu Day know who ? garrett denouement --outcome , end . ( continued ) fortune Cookie - 33 . 37 continued : 37 lu I have get one for you . garrett yeah ? lu miffed dater stiff waiter . lu put cookie on a small plate and exit . garrett yell after he . garrett wisdom be not pretty . 38 ext . university quad - day 38 beth be stretch out on the grass , a book bag nearby . beth there be a number of horror I prefer to dating , balance my checkbook , get a pap smear , watch Saturday night live . first of all , I be not very good at it . date , that be . I always say the wrong thing . I know you be suppose to act a certain way , but I can never make myself do it . you know , appear entrance by every detail of he life or be impressed because he 's in a band or own a boat . 39 int . the empire dine room - night 39 trent be talk to beth over wine . trent we will be live on air , and I will take call off the request line , and I just know this guy be already stone . I do the morning show . so it 's like seven a.m. , and I have get Jeff spicoli call into ask I about radio . not how to break into the business , but how to fix they . " yo , Dead , there 's too much distortion . " and I can hear it cranke in the background , but you can not tell this guy to just turn it down . trent look for encouragement from beth , but she seem uninterested . ( continued ) 39 continued : beth uh huh . trent so anyway .. well , fortune Cookie - 34 . 39 it 's boring . shop talk . beth realize she 's be snag . beth no , finish . what do you do ? trent ( unenthuse ) I will play nirvana " unplugge " . they think I have fix they radio . beth manage a laugh . trent yeah , so ... beth no that 's funny . trent no it 's not . it ' love the music , car alarm store people who show to my show - - and who braid they eyebrow , tatoo beth my brother be a trent do he fit the beth ( cont 'd ) 's depress . I mean , I but I will go out to this appearance and see the up -- the people who listen it 's frightening . people goatee , pierce they they neck . fan . description ? he want to go to art school . trent so he will soon . beth yeah . the conversation come to trent screeching halt . have you ever play the strain - metaphor game ? ( continued ) 39 continued : fortune Cookie - 35 . 39 beth the what ? trent the strain metaphor game . the correct answer be no , because I just make it up . beth we be give up on natural conversational flow this early . beth look at she watch and give trent a playful expression of concern . trent we be irrigate the conversation . replenish it . beth how do you play ? trent I be not sure . I just like the title . beth o.k. trent all right . I have get it . the first person name two random item or concept . the second person have to complete the strain metaphor . beth sound challenging . trent no , the challenging version be the precise metaphor game . it 's in you best interest not to confuse the two . beth can we play a sample round ? trent sure . let I think . o.k . first date be like ... trent scan the restaurant trent ( cont 'd ) wa glass of water . ( continued ) 39 continued : fortune Cookie - 36 . 39 beth tasteless ? trent I be think more along the line of quenching a thirst , but I think you understand the game . so , onto round one . how about a heart and a edible garnish . beth give I a second . beth drum she finger on the table and think . beth ( cont 'd ) let 's see , the human heart , like a edible garnish , tempt the hungry who , but then chew it up and , have taste its fruit -- no make that essence - - , spit it out . trent bonus point for extra strain . but I think I can see a theme here . beth you do , huh ? let 's create a window into you psyche . glancing around , beth notice a snuggly couple at a nearby table . beth ( cont 'd ) how about love and .. the Empire . trent that 's easy . Love be a empire that conquer all . beth or that crumble into dust ? trent God , I feel like I be on a date with the walk wounded . beth that 's what amanda -- she 's my roommate - - call I . what about you ? you sound awfully optimistic . " Love conquer all " -- how have you manage to keep live that lie . ( continued ) 39 continued : fortune Cookie - 37 . 39 trent healthy diet , lot of excercise . beth push up with Santa Claus . step class with the Easter Bunny ? wait a minute . I know you . you be the guy who 's never be in love . I have hear he exist , but I never think I would be go out to dinner with he . trent I have be in love . well , it feel like .. I think it be .. there be this girl who .. Jesus , I live with a woman for three year ! beth ( sing ) you have never be in love . you have never be in love ... trent I have be deeply , head over heel , madly in like . lot of time . beth think so . trent do you think this somehow give you more soul . beth not soul , necessarily , but insight . yeah . trent do not confuse be cynical with have insight . beth I be just say , one of he spend a few night in heartbreak Hotel , one of we have not . I tell you , it make you appreciate you own bed . beth notice heath and doug walk into the restaurant . beth ( cont 'd ) oh my God . my brother 's here . I be go to go say hi . ( continued ) fortune Cookie - 38 . 39 continued : 39 beth get up . trent , unsure whether he should follow , pause then stand and move towards the door . beth ( cont 'd ) ( to heath ) pardon I for sounding forward , but you be quite possibly the most attractive man I have see in my life . heath Doug , this use to be my sister , Beth . beth hi , nice to meet you . doug hi. beth heath and Doug , this be trent . beth ( cont 'd ) hi. heath ( disappointed ) you look normal . trent sorry . beth so what be you do here ? I think all you friend be go to louie 's . 40 int . heath' bedroom - day 40 heath be interview in he room . various art project surround he . heath just be yourself . just be yourself . maybe , if yourself happen to be the bass player for Oasis . better advice -- just do not be a spaz . just do not be a spaz . then again , I hate to set my goal too high . 4 int . the empire entrance - night 4 we return to heath be awkward moment . ( continued ) fortune Cookie - 39 . 41 continued : 41 heath we think this place would be cool . I see that guy all the ... at this moment , dean and carolyn enter the restaurant . doug Mom ! carolyn ( suspiciously ) ann. hello heath . be not you go to louie 's ? heath Change of plan . doug uh , Mom , Dean , this be trent and .. heath 's sister ..uh . beth Beth . doug yeah , Beth . I be sorry . carolyn ( shaking hand ) please call I carolyn . the group be approach by mr. hue . hue table for six ? everyone , save doug , who look to the other for consensus , give they own variation of emphatic nos . 42 int . empire kitchen - night 42 lu lean against the desk where garrett be feverishly work . there be a bulletin board above garrett be work station . on it , a extra large , Post it note-size fortune be tack up . lu notice it while he 's address garrett . when lu speak in the kitchen , he have no accent . lu «two crystal gaze , swim - with - the - dolphin , New Age flake . make it extra crunchy . what 's this ... ( continued ) fortune Cookie - 40 . 42 continued : 42 garrett what it be -- be intensely private , personal ... ignoring garrett , lu remove the pin hold the fortune . lu so why hang it up where anyone can see it ? garrett ( still scribbling ) intimate , confidential . because I have a general belief in the goodness of man . lu ( read ) you be radiant and sublime . Old Ben jonson 's engine for time ! garrett you be robbing I of my innocence , lu. lu if there 's long inside you , if it crawl up you spine . garrett I might as well take that job at the nuclear plant . lu k , L , m , two , three , one , nine . yep , I think this could get you fire . garrett I have not send it out . I just see this woman in here once . this woman . more than a woman . lu she remind you of a clock ? garrett ( confuse ) a what ? lu you call she a engine of time . Ben Johnson -- be that the runner on dope ? ( continued ) fortune Cookie - 41 . 42 continued : 42 garrett Ben jonson . no H. the british essayist who speak of a engine that could keep back all clock and make the sun forget its motion . lu now that 's a woman . garrett yeah . so if I ever see she in here again , I be risk it all . 43 int . the empire dine room - night 43 heath and doug look over the menus . doug have be position so that she have to keep look over she shoulder to see she mother 's table . she do this with annoying frequency . doug you wanna split the rib appetizer ? heath sound good . doug do you feel kind of stupid here ? dress like this ? I will bet everyone around we be check we out , and they be tell each other about they own prom . we be like this conversation piece save everyone who 's try to keep a conversation go , do not you think ? heath yeah . the two glance about a bit with this think in mind . doug would not it be funny if I throw a glass of water in you face and yell , " with my sister !? my sister !? " heath yeah . heath glance around again , this time because he think doug be be a little loud . doug begin realize she can push heath around . doug or you know what would be funnier ? ( continued ) 43 44 fortune Cookie - 42 . continued : 43 heath shake he head . doug ( cont 'd ) if you get up like you be mad , and you try to walk out , but I grab onto one of you leg , and you be like , drag I out . people would remember that . heath yeah . doug you wanna do it ? heath ( nervously ) really ? doug no . lu approach the table . when he 's in the dining room , he adopt a thick chinese accent . he 's extremely accommodate to a customer 's face . less so , in the back . lu a appetizer to start ? doug wait for heath to order the appetizer they have decide on , but he 's in outer space . she order with barely - hide annoyance . doug the rib . int . les video - day 44 carolyn stand behind the counter at Les video . carolyn well , the nice thing about dating someone for a long time be that all that silly stuff you go through at first -- you know , nervously laugh when you do not know if something he say be suppose to be a joke or fretting about the attempt good night kiss -- it 's all behind you . no more game play . I can just tell what Dean be think most of the time . and the same go in reverse , which be good , because I do not know what I be think sometimes . 45 fortune Cookie - 43. int . empire dine room - night carolyn and dean have not even pick up they menus yet . carolyn San Francisco ? dean six figure . carolyn California ? dean Iowa . carolyn ( attempt enthusiasm ) oh , Dean , that 's great . congratulation . Boy this call for a celebration . be there a new title in it , too ? dean yeah , I will be the man . carolyn convenient . dean I will say . but it 's not a do deal yet . carolyn but they have offer it ? dean they have offer it , but I be play it cool , which for a accountant mean I be not high - five anyone in the hallway . carolyn well what be you wait for ? it 's what you have want . dean there be other consideration . carolyn such as ? lu be pass by the table . dean catch he attention . ( continued ) 45 45 46 fortune Cookie - 44 . continued : 45 dean could you get we a bottle of wine , please ? lu it would be my privilege . would you like to see the list ? carolyn just get we anything white and Californian . lu nod and continue towards kitchen . lu ( to himself ) a glass of Ronald Reagan , perhaps ? carolyn so what be this other consideration ? dean look at carolyn for a pregnant moment before respond . dean what yard line my 49er season ticket will be on . int . the empire dine room - night 46 trent and beth have they meal in front of they . trent use chopstick , expertly . beth observe this feat with a mixture of awe and suspicion . beth you be scare I . trent ( confuse ) how so ? beth the rise . you order the wine in french . you be like Edward scissorhand with that chopstick . next , I be afraid you be go to stick this flower in you mouth and tell I you know how to tango . trent you do not ? beth trent Kennedy , be you a player ? ( continued ) 46 continued : fortune Cookie - 45 . 46 trent player ? like Warren beatty be a player ? beth player like Warren beatty call you for advice . trent I think it 's my job . beth suave be you job ? trent sort of . never be at a loss for word . it 's kind of like dating . beth you go out a lot ? trent not really . you ? beth full moon . usually I will line up someone to watch Haley 's comet with I . trent so , if you be the break heart expert , tell I what it 's like -- this love thang . beth oh it come in stage . you start with infatuation . you hear yourself say thing like , " sure , I would love to go see Pat metheney with you . " trent yikes . beth wait a minute . this be still the good part . for a all - too- brief splendorous blip in time , it hit you . you feel complete for the first time ever ..even though you do not know you be miss anything . every song on the radio become " ode to the two of we . " you be not sure if the planet have continue to spin outside of you bedroom . you burn through more candle than the Little House on the prairie . you have playful argument over whether to name you unconceive daughter ( more ) ( continued ) fortune Cookie - 46 . 46 continued : 46 beth ( cont would ) nena or Emma . gradually the line between you and the other person begin to blur . mere loss of identity serve as a precursor to outright slavery . trent be we still in the good part ? beth until one day , one of you wake up and decide it 's not right . it 's not perfect . it 's time to move on . beth stop abruptly and take a drink of water . trent I have hear something about swoon . beth that 's from lack of oxygen . side -effect of rush in where angel fear to tread . 47 int . high school gym courtyard - day 47 doug wear she cheerlead practice clothes . doug I think it take I until eighth grade to completely figure out boy . then , once I have , I be embarrassed it take I that long . I mean , they be that simple . what I figure out be that , if you want one , you make he the center of the universe . everything revolve around he . his day . his football practice . the little bruise on he elbow . the kind of car he want to drive someday . then , during my sophomore year -- I think it be pretty soon after my boyfriend at the time , Bobby snowden , miss my dad 's funeral because of a aerosmith concert -- I decide I want the world to revolve around I . 48 int . the empire dine room - night 48 lu deliver the rib appetizer to doug and heath . doug serve herself , but heath only watch . doug be not you go to have any ? heath uh , no . ( continued ) 48 fortune Cookie - 47 . continued : 48 doug what 's wrong ? heath well , I be a vegetarian . doug a vegetarian ? I think you say the rib appetizer sound good . heath I mean it sound good .. for you . if that 's what you want . doug we could have get something else . heath I do not really like chinese food . doug why do you say you want to come here ? heath it 's fine . really . I can find something I will eat . doug be clearly exasperate . doug look , could we trade seat ? heath um , yeah . doug thanks . the pair get up and change seat . the process be awkward . all the dish and glass have to be trade as well . once the process be complete , it 's clear that doug be look over heath be shoulder while they be talk . heath why do you want to change ? doug sorry ? heath why do you want to trade seat ? ( continued ) 48 49 continued : fortune Cookie - 48 . 48 doug take a moment to decide whether to tell heath . she 's keep a constant watch over heath be shoulder . doug Dean 's spare glass eye ? I think it 's really a ring which mean he 's go to pop the question to Mom tonight , and I want to see she reaction if he do . heath oh . what will she say if he do ? doug yes . I be almost positive . heath not many people get to see one of they parent get ask that question . doug I wish I have a video camera . heath do you get to see you real dad much ? doug nope . he 's dead . heath God , I be sorry . it 's just that .. well , I do not know . it 's just that all my friend ' parent be divorced . I just assume ... doug no sweat . really . int . dean's cubicle - day 49 dean be cubicle have photograph tack up around it . most be of little league team he have coach , but there 's also a large one of carolyn , and a small , school - picture - size one of doug . dean you know how , sometimes , something that just start as a little misunderstanding get repeat and change so much , that it become , like , a new reality . that 's what 's happen with the story of my near wedding . I be twenty - seven at the time , and I have be dating this woman for seven year . all of we friend think ( more ) ( continued ) fortune Cookie - 49 . 49 continued : 49 dean ( cont would ) of we as marry anyway , so eventually we decide we might as well make it official . it be a huge deal . we be both from the same hometown , and I think we invite everybody . I tell carolyn how awful it be for someone to get stand up at the alter . I guess it 's the way I tell the story -- she always assume I be the one who get stand up . 50 int . the empire dine room - night 50 carolyn and dean finish give lu they order . carolyn and the chicken lemon grass , ..and he would like some more water . lu how spicy you want you food ? carolyn on a scale of one to ten ... lu ten be spicy ? carolyn ten be spicy . make mine a two and he a sixteen . lu very good . dean I have get it . carolyn get what ? dean I know where I have meet Doug 's date . carolyn I wish you would at least call she Ann . dean Ann 's date . I coach he . it must have be eight or nine year ago . carolyn be he good ? ( continued ) 50 continued : fortune Cookie - 50 . 50 dean play he in right field . carolyn right field . dean least skill - intensive position . frequent spaz repository . carolyn Dean ! dean but I know why I remember he now . I mean , I have coach a lot of kid . but there be this play , I do not think I will ever forget . something you just do not see in most lifetime . we be in the playoff , and we be into extra inning . we have a one run lead , but whoever we be play have runner at second and third with two out . they batter hit a line shot out to right . I figure the game be over . that kid , heath , he do have some speed , but he could not catch a cold . anyway , he run this fly ball down , dive ... carolyn catch it , and you win the game ? the Rocky theme music play . dean well that 's what it look like from where I be sit . and from where the ump be to , because he call the batter out which mean we win . so everyone be celebrate . the team be throw they hat in the air , and I spot heath talk to the umpire . the next thing I know , we have lose the game . carolyn how ? dean he 's tell the umpire that he trap the ball . he do not catch it on the fly , so the two runner score . carolyn so you have always resent this kid ? ( continued ) 50 5 fortune Cookie - 51 . continued : 50 dean no , I have always admire he . I do not think I have ever see a eight - year - old do anything more noble . if I ever have a child , I hope , well first off , I hope he have better hand , but after that , I hope he 's get ball that big . carolyn Dean jeffries , you gross I out , and I truly love you . int . the empire - men' bathroom - night 51 trent walk into the bathroom and find heath sit on the floor . trent , self - consciously , go about he business . trent date go well ? heath I do not get it . I do not understand why the nicer I be , the meaner she get . how long do you think I will have to stay here before she will leave ? trent niceness be overrate . something they say they want , but in the end ... heath yeah ? trent ( think better of expound on this theory ) look , do you have any anecdote ? heath any what ? trent anecdote . Little storey to fall back on . heath like what ? trent I do not know . they have to be you storey , but do not tell she about lead the county in rush yardage or about ( more ) ( continued ) 51 52 53 fortune Cookie - 52 . continued : 51 trent ( cont would ) all the babe that call you in the middle of the night . heath do not worry . trent the best anecdote ..hmm . at first they sound self - depreciate , but use properly , they reveal you sensitive side . they show how vulnerable you be . if that do not work , make fun of the fattest kid in you school . heath look at trent with something approach shock . trent ( cont 'd ) that 's a joke . I tell you , though , it 's like a Olympic event . you get better the more you practice . heath sort of ironic , be not it ? trent ( laugh ) ironic ? you be you sister 's brother . heath it 's ironic because , it seem like , if a guy be really good at it , he would never get enough practice to become Mr. gold medalist dater . as the implication of that statement bloom on trent's face ... int . the empire - women' bathroom - night 52 we see carolyn reapplying make - up in the mirror . as she try to maintain a stoic face , she break down . a tear run down she cheek . int . the empire - dine room - night 53 heath return to the table . the meal have arrive . doug have already begin eat . the only thing wait for heath be a heaping bowl of white rice . doug work on some extravagant and colorful dish . doug hurry , we would not want you meal to get cold . heath sit down and begin eat . ( continued ) fortune Cookie - 53 . 53 continued : 53 doug ( cont 'd ) so what make you become a vegetarian ? doug shovel in a especially large morsel of meat . heath just .. I do not know .. become one . doug I mean , do you just not like meat ? or do you not believe in kill animal ? or be you just into the health factor ? heath none of that I guess . I use to eat meat . I like it fine . I just do not anymore . I be not really much of a vegetarian either . I do not like vegetable all that much . doug so what happen ? do you get lock in a slaughterhouse or something ? heath this be a really bad anecdote . make I look stupid . doug what ? heath I will tell you , but you will not believe it . doug try I . heath it 's because of my pen pal . doug stare at heath uncomprehendingly . heath ( cont 'd ) in eighth grade , Mrs. Russell sign we all up for pen pal in honors English . remember ? doug you be in that class ? heath yeah . ( continued ) 53 continued : fortune Cookie - 54 . 53 doug mine be from France . I think I write she twice . heath mine be from Somalia . his name be achmad housbhenni , and we still write every once in a while . doug wow , really ? and he convinced you to become a vegetarian ? heath it 's not quite that simple . he 's not even a vegetarian . he just write to I a lot about be hungry . all of he letter be about meal he have or question about what I eat . after a while , I start think about what I be eat every time I put food into my mouth , imagine how achme would be enjoy this burrito more than I , or the poetry he would write if he ever get he hand on one Big Mac . I start read about the famine , what cause it , the relief effort , all that , and one of the thing they keep mention , one of the reason the U.S. could not export more grain , be because we use it to feed livestock . doug well , do not that balance out ? would not we be eat that grain if we be not eat that cow ? heath yes and no . see , it take like three time as much energy and land to produce the same amount of food as meat as it do food as grain , but in first world country , that do not seem to bother anyone . we can afford it . in third world country , it 's a different story . doug so that 's when you become a vegetarian ? heath not right away , but after a few month of picture little kid with bloat belly every time I put meat in my mouth , I just sort of give into it . I ( more ) ( continued ) 53 54 fortune Cookie - 55 . continued : 53 heath ( cont would ) guess I guess I be not really make much of a difference . I never really try to convince people to join I . heath put a forkful of rice into he mouth . doug hesitates before resume she meal . int . the empire dine room - night 54 trent and beth be finish up they meal . trent so it 's you turn to pick the novel for the book club next time . do you know what you be go to pick ? beth ladder of year , I think . it 's the newest Ann Tyler book . have you read it ? trent no , I have read the accidental Tourist , though . beth I be impressed . I can not believe you be the same guy who call people at six in the morning pretend to be a sex - toy salesman . trent that 's not I . that 's the ninety one point seven guy . I be the one who do " strange body sound . " beth forgive I . I be still surprised . trent that I can read ? beth not that you can read , that you be well - read . there 's a big difference . trent yeah , well , it 's the result of a ..uh , complicated childhood . trent wait a beat for beth to bite ; she do not . he proceed in he " anecdote " mode . trent ( cont 'd ) when I be a kid , I be afraid of bee . ( continued ) 54 continued : fortune Cookie - 56 . 54 beth be ? trent yeah , bee . I fall into a hive once . get stung like eight time . after that , you could not get I to go outside . beth I do not think bee-phobia qualify you for " complicated childhood " status . trent I be talk for a couple year . anyway , after school each day , I have to go over to my meemaw 's house . beth meemaw ? trent what do you say ? beth Queen mother . trent ( laugh ) so , meemaw live near this pond and all this dragonfly would be buzzing around she yard , but I do not know what dragonfly be . I think they be giant bee . lu approach the table . lu would you like this plate clear ? trent sure . I be afraid to go outside , and meemaw do not have a tv , or it be always break , I can not remember . but she do have dad 's complete hardy boy collection . that 's when I start read . I think I read they all two or three time . beth you be afraid of dragonfly ? that 's why you become a avid reader ? ( continued ) fortune Cookie - 57 . 54 continued : 54 trent that , and my endless quest for truth . hey , could you believe randall choose the hobbit for the group last month . do he think we be all in sixth grade ? do you see the " I break for unicorn " bumper sticker on he car ? beth the hobbit be a great book . there be a awkward pause . beth ( cont 'd ) I mean it . a classic . lu , wear a expression of amusement , take the plate back into the kitchen . 55 int . the empire - kitchen - night 55 lu set the dish down before move over to garrett be station . garrett be blow drying a fortune . lu table nine . look like a first date . garrett him ? lu a regular . garrett her ? lu unimpress . garrett I will see what I can do . 56 int . the empire - dine room - night 56 dean and carolyn ignore they food . they hold hand across the table . dean I do not know if I ever tell you this , but you be suppose to be Gerald 's account . carolyn Gerald ? -- the one that name he pencil ? ( continued ) 56 continued : fortune Cookie - 58 . 56 dean no , that 's Albert . Gerald 's the one who do that dance , the deduction dance , right at midnight every April fifteenth . he use stapler as castanet . carolyn so what happen ? dean I see you . you be in we lobby . apparently some old timer wait next to you suggest you not make any financial decision without consulting you husband first . as I walk through , you be list orifice in which he might have better luck introduce he theory . Gerald be next in line for new account , but I trade he the madison beer Garden account for the privilege of work with the lovely and vocal proprietress of Les video . carolyn ( impressed ) you trade a sport bar for I ? dean I be a big believer in long - term , consistent performer . carolyn you be so smart . and sweet . I appreciate how slow you take thing in the beginning . I do not think I be ready to get back out there , play the dating game . dean uh , Babe . that be not sweetness . that be fear . carolyn Dean , what 's go to happen to we ? dean let 's see . you be easy . twenty year from now you will be retire -- if you keep put that money into tax - shelter annuity like I tell you . there will be little Les video franchise across the state . you will live in a lake house , spoil you grandchild . ( continued ) fortune Cookie - 59 . 56 continued : 56 carolyn by myself ? dean oh , carolyn , you can have anyone you want . 57 57 int . the empire - dine room - night the check and the fortune cookie have arrive on trent and beth be table . trent what do yours say ? beth I think you be not suppose to tell anyone . trent that be wish . fortune you be actually suppose to tell . trent break open he cookie and read he fortune . beth so ? trent ( read ) " he who be lonely be he who be always ... " beth yeah ... trent that 's it . I think the end get tear off . make sense if you add " in bed . " beth I always think you be suppose to add '' after sex . " trent read to himself . trent it do not make sense that way . beth yes it do . think of after as a verb , not a adverb . ( continued ) fortune Cookie - 60 . 57 continued : 57 trent ( read ) he who be lonely be he who be always after sex . oh , yeah . ( he let ' that sink in . ) so what about yours ? what do yours say ? beth mine 's bizarre . trent let I hear it . beth ( read ) Abba gold thirteen colon four . trent sound like something from the Bible : Book of Abba , chapter thirteen , verse four . beth if I read it , do you think I will be bjorn again ? trent you know , this be why not everyone be give a radio show . 58 int . the empire - dine room - night 58 heath and doug have finish they dinner . doug be plate be clean . doug still have a half bowl of white rice in front of he . doug so what make you ask I out ? heath what do you mean ? doug well it 's not like we would ever really talk . heath true . do you remember when we have that square dance unit in p.e. in junior high . ( continued ) 58 continued : fortune Cookie - 61 . 58 doug Square dance : have anything ever be name so perfectly ? heath anyway , remember how they would number all the girl , then number all the boy and you be suppose to find the person with the number that match and that be you partner . doug yeah . heath well , if one of we happen to luck out and draw someone recognizably female and then refuse to trade , the football player would threaten to dismember we . so , even under this outwardly egalitarian system , the bold and the beautiful still always end up together . there 's only one time I can remember that it do not play out like that . you end up with this dork who have grow six inch in fourteen month . he could hardly stand upright let alone swing to the leave . anyway , some walk Coke machine tapped this lucky fellow on the shoulder and give he a quick lesson on social darwinism . so this guy 's already walk back down to dance with paleolithic woman , but you grab he hand , and tell the football player to get a life . doug I say " get a life " ? ugh . heath yeah , well , I have want to ask you out ever since then . doug that be you ? heath ( indignant ) no . no , that be not I . no ..it be my best friend , Ryan . doug God , I do not even remember that . ( continued ) fortune Cookie - 62 . 58 continued : 58 heath Ryan do . he be pretty thrilled when I say I be go with you . you be the one cheerleader he refuse to make fun of . doug ( facetiously ) I be honore . lu approach the table . he begin clear dish . lu could I tempt you with any dessert ? perhaps a hershey bar for the gentleman ? doug I would like one . lu but of course . 59 int . the empire - kitchen - night 59 lu enter garrett be sanctum . lu table seven : first and last date for Veronica and jughead . 60 int . accounting firm - dean's cubicle - day 60 dean continue he interview . dean when you be count down the day until you hit forty and you still have not be marry , you can not help but hear the whisper . I know what they be say , " he sure be patient . " " what a full life he must lead to not need a woman in it . " I can not lie . it hurt . actually , the mistake people usually make be that they think any guy who make it this long be too picky or fear commitment , but that 's not I at all . I fear end up with the wrong person . I really want to get this right the first time . 61 int . the empire - dine room - night 61 dean and carolyn continue ignore they food . ( continued ) 61 continued : fortune Cookie - 63 . 61 dean we will rack up a bunch of frequent flyer mile . it will not be so bad . a couple weekend a month -- we could do that . carolyn maybe ..at the beginning . but then some weekend we plan on see each other , you will have some major deadline , so we will skip that and tell each other , you know , it 's okay -- it 's just one weekend . after a while all that time in airport and on plane will get tiring , and besides there 's that " hot little number " in acquisition that 's always drop hint . dean " hot little number ? " be that a accountant joke . carolyn ( chuckle ) no. Strike that . you be a better man than that , Dean . it will be some smart , attractive woman who recognize the same thing in you that I do . dean you be be bad . carolyn I be be realistic . look every teenage girl at some point in she life , fall for a boy on the other side of the lake , and no matter what promise be make : I will write , I will see you next summer , I will wait for you . it never work . Long distance relationship be one of the world 's great oxymoron . dean then what do you propose ? carolyn nothing , Dean . I be very happy for you , but I can not help be sad for we . dean how sad ? carolyn what ? ( continued ) fortune Cookie - 64 . 61 continued : 61 dean how sad ? I mean , if I get down on my knee right here , hand you a ring , what would you say ? carolyn do not be silly , Dean . I would not want you to . after a long pause . dean then who be we kid ? 62 ext . trent's car - night 62 trent and beth ride in trent be car . beth another game ? trent c'mon , be a sport . beth a sport ? gee , pop , I will try . trent that 's my girl . this one 's call " surreal date . " here 's how it work . you get two choice . you pick of they . by the time we be finish , I will have a complete psychological profile on you . beth shoot . trent first , you date . Woody Allen or sylvester stallone . beth I do not suppose Ralph fienn be behind curtain number three . trent he be , but he 's feel surly , reclusive . it 's the woodman or Rocky tonight . beth I do not like this choice . I do not like what either one of they say about I . but I see what you be do . they be so ( more ) ( continued ) 62 continued : fortune Cookie - 65 . 62 beth ( cont would ) different , you think pick one over the other define my character . trent hardly . honestly , I have a tough time remember which be which . beth stallone and Woody Allen ? trent both of they be oscar win screenwriter . they have date some of the hot babe in show business ? beth Mia farrow be a hot babe ? trent Frank Sinatra think so . okay , what else ? Woody Allen visit Dallas to promote everything you want to know about sex . sly have sex after audition for Dallas . beth who even say " hot babe ? " trent Charlie sheen . Rod Stewart . beth Fine company you be keep . trent begin sing the Jeopardy music . beth ( cont 'd ) you be still expect a answer ? he reach the conclusion of the tune . beth ( cont 'd ) okay , stallone . trent surprise . now , attend a Planet Hollywood open or play in the MTV rock and jock softball game ? beth speak of which , where be we head right now ? ( continued ) 62 63 fortune Cookie - 66. continued : 62 trent ( shaking head ) eh , eh , eh , eh . no get out of this . beth Planet Hollywood , I guess . where be we go ? trent my house . now . sly 's ignore you .. beth hold on . time out . we be go where ? trent I just need to run in and give Rover some medicine . beth oh ? and I have completely forget -- I be expect a call from my grandmother . maybe you ought to drop I off . do we have a few minute before Rover go into cardiac arrest ? trent I will drop you off if you want , but I swear there 's no devious motive . you could wait in the car if you want . beth maybe I will come in . I have never see a real mirrore ceiling before . int . the empire - dine room - night 63 a empty foil wrapper from a hershey bar rest on the table . half of the bar be on a plate in front of heath . the other half minus a couple section rest on a plate in front of doug . they work on they chocolate throughout the conversation . doug no , you see , that 's the thing that drive my Mom nut . I have no ambition . there 's no great thing I want to do . I do not want to run a corporation or dance on Broadway . I want to be a absorber . see the world . take thing in . heath that 's a ambition . ( continued ) 63 continued : fortune Cookie - 67 . 63 doug I will look in the paper for any opening for absorber . heath well , there be travel writer , museum guide . doug but that 's not absorb . that 's the opposite of absorb -- thing go out instead of thing come in . heath you be say that would be a good job for a exuder . doug right . heath hmmm . you be right , you do not have much ambition . doug I tell you . but it 's not like I mind work , you know -- wait table , deal blackjack , bottlecapp at a brewery . heath I do not think they do that any more . robot and all . doug I just have a more european way of think about it . you know , where you work to live rather than live to work heath yeah , that whimsical Germans . doug no , like the Spanish or italian . work for a couple hour in the morning . take a three hour lunch , maybe a nap . sunbathe . come back to work for a couple hour in the afternoon . heath overthrow the fascist regime that 's take power while you have be get tan . ( continued ) 63 continued : fortune Cookie - 68 . 63 doug you do not approve . you think I sound hedonistic . heath no , no . I think it sound great . I hope you be able to do it . lu approach the table , but a customer scoot out he chair cause the fortune cookie he 's carry for heath and doug to pop into the air . he catch they without drop they , but it 's obvious he no longer know which cookie go to which diner . heath ( cont 'd ) thank you . doug so what about you ? do you have ambition . heath ( facetiously ) oh , yeah , I ? I be go to make million . swim pool , movie star ... doug do what ? heath I be go to be a avant garde artist . doug oh we be talk big buck . heath you know what I hate , maybe more than anything . doug racism , poverty ... heath Furniture store that sell painting . doug I be go to say that . heath have you see they . they set up that fake little room . you have get you taupe love seat . you have get you taupe coffee table . then , you have get some sorry fruit bowl still life display in a taupe ( more ) ( continued ) 63 continued : fortune Cookie - 69 . 63 heath ( cont would ) frame . great art do not match you couch . doug see , you have get passion . I do not have anything I be passionate about . heath do not even get I start on the stuff they hang up in hotel room . doug pick up she cookie . doug do you know the deal with the fortune cookie here ? heath no . doug ( adopt a very serious tone ) they always come true . no , just kid . but they be suppose to be original . they write a new one for everyone who come in . heath wow . they both crack open they cookie . doug what do yours say ? heath ( read ) lyle lovett , billy Joel , Ric ocasek -- you never know who 's go to win a grammy . doug that 's just weird . heath let 's hear yours . doug ( read ) what do this thing have in common : lawnmower , revolve door , sap ? heath shrug . doug shake she head in wonder . fortune Cookie - 70 . 64 int . the empire - dine room - night 64 the food in front of dean and carolyn be half - eat and get cold . dean so let I get this straight . you do not even think there 's a point in try it out , see if we could make it work . I do not think that 's fair . carolyn what 's not fair ? I be just say it never work . dean well the first thing that 's not fair , be that you be say it will not work out because I will be too busy or that I will find someone new . you be the busy woman I know . sorry , the busy person . you never slow down , and it 's this curse , that all the thing that I love about you - - the way you save receipt when we go to movie so you can write they off ; the way that , when you get a idea in you head for the store , you can go ten minute without hearing a word I say ; even the way you fax I love note -- this same thing be what will keep we apart . carolyn how ? dean you would never sell that store . carolyn how could you even ask I to ? dean I be not ask you to . my point be , it 's more than a store for you . it 's validation . proof that you can make it without a husband . well I think you have prove it to yourself and to you in - law . you say yourself , you do not see pity on they face anymore . so who be you prove it to now ? blockbuster be offer you enough money that you could open a new store , twice the size anywhere you want ... ( continued ) 64 continued : fortune Cookie - 71 . 64 carolyn not here . they say I can not open one here . this be where Ann go to school . dean for a few more month . still , you act like the offer be a insult . carolyn I be beginning to see the disadvantage of have you boyfriend do the book . dean what be you view on love ? this be where lu approach the table to clear dish . lu ( notice the leftover ) be there something wrong with the food . we will gladly execute the chef . carolyn ( flustered ) no . it be fine . can we get it in a bag . lu glance distatefully at the pick at remain . lu exit . lu I suppose . carolyn my view on love ? dean maybe we should have talk about this earlier , but , what I be say be , where do love rank ? we say it all the time . " I love you . " for some people it 's this consume thing . it 's like a drug , make they think in sonnet form . for some people it 's companionship and comfort . where do it stand with you ? carolyn Dean , this be difficult . I be not sure you should be ask I this . dean maybe it should have be a first date question . ( continued ) 64 continued : fortune Cookie - 72 . 64 carolyn would have be a short first date . dean I still want to know . I think I need to know . carolyn it rank high . dean how high ? carolyn very high . carolyn look to Dean to see if the answer will suffice . his expression indicate that it will not . carolyn ( cont 'd ) below motherhood . be that what you want to know ? dean where in comparison to the free enterprise system ? carolyn you be be mean . dean but I be serious . where do we rank in comparison to you store . carolyn you see , you want to make this a easy comparison -- you or the store , but it 's not that simple . it 's not about the store . it 's about I . the store be independence . it 's self worth . look , I marry Tom straight out of high school . I go straight from be somebody 's daughter to somebody 's girlfriend to somebody 's wife to somebody 's widow . open that store be the first thing I do completely on my own . dean so if both the store and I catch on fire , and you only have one bucket of water ... ( continued ) fortune Cookie - 73 . 64 continued : 64 carolyn well , Dean . you could roll . 65 int . radio dj booth - day 65 we return to trent be interview scene . trent most of the woman I date ? let 's see , if there 's one recur trait , I would have to say that they be all fun . all fun girl . definitely out to have a good time . 66 ext . trent's house - night 66 trent and beth arrive at trent 's house . they round a shrub , or wall , or similar barrier and run into a tipsy teresa who be fishing she earring out of the mailbox . trent Teresa .. this be a surprise . teresa found they ! teresa turn and hold up the earring . only now do she notice beth . she try to cover . teresa ( cont 'd ) «and you be right . they will be perfect for my audition . beth someone 's do Bus stop ? teresa what ? beth nothing . trent open the front door of he house and usher beth inside . trent ( to Beth ) let I just make sure she make it out to the cab . beth chivalry be not dead . ( continued ) fortune Cookie - 74 . 66 continued : 66 trent shake he head and escort teresa out to the cab . teresa sorry I do not make it earlier . trent do not worry about it . teresa be that go anywhere ? teresa gesture towards the apartment . trent shrug . they reach the wait cab . teresa ( cont 'd ) I will be up for a while . if you want to come by afterwards . you have get my number in that little black book of yours , do not you ? 69 ext . college campus - day 69 we return to beth' interview scene . beth I think my problem , on date , be that I think of they as automatically confrontational . let 's face it , guy have a different set of goal by which they measure a date 's success . I have be think about give up on man . maybe become romantically link with , say , my refrigerator , or follow amanda 's advice and find love online . at least at the end of the evening , I will not have to hear the phrase , " I will call you . " translation -- we will bump into each other several month from now , you will be wear sweat and have a cold sore , and I will introduce you to my new supermodel fiance . 70 int . trent's house - night 70 trent enter he house . trent so , stallone 's rent a couple movie for the limo ride . he give you the choice of either Rocky Three or ... beth okay , that 's enough . ( continued ) 70 fortune Cookie - 75 . continued : 70 trent continue walk towards the kitchen while Beth begin examine the book on the shelf -- not the one leave out for she perusal . trent '' stop or my Mom will shoot . whatever you say . beth so you be a jewelry consultant . very impressive . trent she 's a friend . we hang out sometimes . beth there 's a term for that . beth continue examine the book collection beth ( cont 'd ) norman mailer ? you like norman mailer . trent ( 0.s. ) you do not ? beth as far as corny , narcissistic , adolescent - sounding , sexist writer full of glib schtick on highbrow topic , he 's not bad . oh look , you have he entire oeuvre . trent ( 0.s. ) well , we can not all aspire to Ann Tyler status . beth what 's wrong with Ann Tyler ? trent ( 0.s. ) she 's boring . beth where be this phantom dog of yours ? here Rover ! here Rover ! trent return to the live room with a obviously sick kitten wrap in a blanket . trent sic she boy . attack ! the sight of the sick kitten melt beth a bit . ( continued ) fortune Cookie - 76 . 70 continued : 70 beth I think it 's against some law , name a cat Rover . fine be involved . trent not Rover -- ro vair . he 's name for the french poet . beth ( suspiciously ) rovair ? trent man , you do not let anything slide . can you help I here . beth what do I need to do ? trent just wrap up he leg here in the blanket . beth like this ? trent yeah , that 's good . the maneuver and reposition trent and beth undertake in order to medicate the cat force they into close physical proximity to each other . trent ( cont 'd ) this be not the most pleasant part of he day . he 's like one of that alien try to claw out of someone 's chest . okay , ro -- it 's time for you shirley Temple . trent withdraw a small bottle of pinkish medicine and a dropper that he try to force into Rover 's mouth . trent ( cont 'd ) ( sing ) " on the good ship , lollypop . it 's a something , something , to the candy shop . " beth sweet trip . how old be he ? ( continued ) fortune Cookie - 77 . 70 continued : 70 trent I be not sure . I just find he out in the alley go through my garbage . I do not think he come from a very good family . trent successfully get rover to swallow he drop . he sit down on a couch and pet the kitten while Beth wander back to the bookcase . beth you have every Doctor seuss book . trent ( slightly embarrassed ) not every one . beth what be you miss ? trent the cat in the hat come back . I do not go for sequel . beth you be so cool . 71 int . heath be car - night 71 heath and doug drive towards the dance . doug appear distract or upset . heath I be sorry you do not get to see Dean propose . doug it 's not just that . they do not look happy . heath my parent never look happy . I think that 's just part of be old . doug yeah , but you should see they together most of the time . it 's like they can not keep they hand off each other . it always embarrass Troy . the present tense mention of Troy seem to bother heath . doug ( cont 'd ) I be sorry . that 's rude . ( continued ) fortune Cookie - 78 . 71 continued : 71 heath it 's not that . I just get this mental picture of my mom kissing some strange man . heath shudder . doug well Dean 's cool . and I want Mom to be happy . heath I think that 's what make you different . doug different from what . heath from the stereotype . doug what stereotype ? heath from the " Girls who could get by on they look " stereotype . doug in case you be wonder . I be not take this as a compliment . heath yeah . I be sorry . that do sound bad . all I mean be that it must be a challenge . everybody want to make you happy , somehow or in some way . I think it would be hard to keep from think the world revolve around you . doug what make you think I do not ? because I dance with you friend in junior high ? heath no. more than that . that you be excited for you Mom . that you do not care if she embarrass you in front of you boyfriend . that you actually try hard in trig . I do not know , partly it 's because you say you would come to this with I . ( continued ) 71 fortune Cookie - 79 . continued : 71 heath pull into the parking lot of the hotel where the prom be take place . other couple , similarly attire , move past they window towards the entrance . doug let 's not . heath what ? doug let 's not go to the dance . heath I do not get it . be you serious ? doug I just do not feel like it . heath you do not feel like it . doug have you ever be to this thing ? the band be always lame . it cost too much . a bunch of drunk step on you foot . heath to answer you question , no , I have not be to one . four year of high school . Zero formal dance . you be the first person -- well , no , you mom be the first person - - you be the second person ever to see I in a tuxedo . this thing may be stupid , but I would like the chance to find out for myself . doug we could do something else . heath sigh and shake he head . heath I do not know exactly what you problem be . I do not know if you be embarrassed to be see with I . maybe you be afraid you will see Troy with someone else . maybe you really do hate dance . but I wish you would have just say no when I ask you . doug it 's not ... ( continued ) 71 72 fortune Cookie - 80. continued : 71 heath I be gonna go in . I be gonna talk to my friend . get my picture take . see if anyone will dance with I . you can either wait here , or , if you want , I will give you a ride home . whatever you want . doug just take I home . int . the empire - dine room - night 72 the dish have be clear away from in front of carolyn and dean . the check and the fortune cookie sit untouched on a small tray beside they . dean so that 's it . I guess I will tell they I will take it . carolyn you have to . dean they want I out there in a month . carolyn then let 's make it a good month . dean I do not think so . carolyn you just want to call it off right here . dean one year . it have a certain mathematical perfection to it . carolyn ( sadly , hopefully ) and we all know how important that be . it do give we the rest of tonight . dean so what do you want to do ? carolyn what 's play at the majestic ? dean I have no idea . I have not be there for .. ( continued ) fortune Cookie - 81 . 72 continued : 72 carolyn a year . dean yeah , that 's right . a year . 73 ext . cheerlead practice - day 73 return to doug be interview scene . doug Mom do not know this , but I do go out with a college guy for a couple month . I think that be the month right after my lobotomy . the only difference I could ever figure out be that he do not ask I to wear he letter jacket . the thing about guy -- and I can not decide if this be a minus or a plus - - be that they be predictable . you know exactly what they be go to do . 74 int . heath be car - night 74 heath and doug ride in silence . doug heath , I want to tell you something . first of all , I would not be embarrassed to go to the dance with you . not at all . when we leave tonight . I have every intention of go through with it . heath go through with it ? doug I do not mean it like that . the truth be , Troy call I before you come to pick I up . he want to get back together - - after tonight . he already have a date . heath so you do not want to screw it up by go in there with I . doug no . that 's not it . I be go to make he jealous . to punish he . to show everyone I be not just sit around wait for he to come back to I . and I be use you to do that . and that be okay when you be just some guy I do not ( more ) ( continued ) fortune Cookie - 82 . 74 continued : 74 doug ( cont would ) really know . somebody who shocked I into go with he . heath as long as we be confess . I be count on that . doug on what ? heath on the surprise factor .. when I ask you . doug good strategy . heath so what make you change you mind ? doug about the dance ? heath yeah . doug you get too real . heath my bad . doug I do not have to be home yet . heath where do you want to go ? doug you pick . 75 int . the empire kitchen - night 75 lu bring the uncrack fortune cookie from carolyn and dean be table and set they down in front of garrett who continue to work on new fortune . lu not even open . break my heart . garrett now I know how the guy who write for playboy feel . whose be they ? ( continued ) 75 76 fortune Cookie - 83. continued : 75 lu the couple break up . garrett what insight do I offer ? lu crack open the fortune cookie . lu " sometimes one plus zero equal more than one plus one . " and ... " by the time Glenn Campbell get to Phoenix , he girl back home have place a personal ad . " garrett , you be cold - blooded . garrett hey , wisdom be not always pretty . lu tear up the strip and throw they in garrett be trash can . garrett ( cont 'd ) what be you do ? I can still use that . lu you can not recycle people 's destiny . garrett you do not really believe that what I write back here have any bear on what happen out there in the real world . lu look , my grandfather never open he fortune cookie . he say he do not need the advice it offer or want the future it hold . garrett you be scare I , lu. you do not believe that if you step on a crack you break you mother 's back . lu no . that 's just stupid . int . trent's house - night 76 beth continue to rummage through trent be book shelf . Rover wander about . beth pull a book off a shelf . ( continued ) 76 fortune Cookie - 84. continued : beth what 's this ? " everything I know about sex " by trent Kennedy . trent open it up . beth blank page . beth laugh . trent it be a gag gift . beth what be she name ? trent Mom . beth kinky . returning she attention to the book shelf . beth ( cont 'd ) you know , most of the time , I do not mind be a destitute graduate student . I just do not need that much money to be happy , but this make I jealous . all my book have due date stamp inside . trent I think half my paycheck go straight to Book ' em dano 's . beth I love that store . trent no string quartet play on the staircase . no croissant peddle cappuccino bar . no event for single light lover . just floor - to-ceil book . God bless ‘em . beth pull a book off the shelf . beth a prayer for Owen meaney -- this be my favorite book of all time . ( continued ) 76 76 continued : fortune Cookie - 85 . 76 trent really ? mine too . well , actually , I have get like seven favorite book of all time . check out the flap . beth ( open book , read ) " Mr. Dead , read less . live more . John Irving . " wow . trent they be interview he on we am affiliate , so I put on freebird -- this be when we be still classic rock and I be trent " the grateful Dead " Kennedy . beth do not respond . trent ( cont 'd ) that be a joke . anyway , I run across the hall with a tape recorder and get he to sign my book and do a promo . beth a promo ? trent yeah , I play it every once in a while for a laugh . it 's he say , " I be John Irving , and whenever I be in town , I rock harder on one oh one point seven . " afterwards , I get all this call want to know if John Irving play bass for primus . beth you do not strike I as the dj - type , trent . trent that 's what my station manager be say the other day . beth I just figure dj be obnoxious all the time . on air and off air . trent it 's the voice . in high school , I go through career placement , and they say I could do this or sing bass for the oak Ridge boy . ( continued ) 76 77 78 fortune Cookie - 86 . continued : 76 the pager in beth be purse start beep . beth uh. trent do you need to use a phone ? beth yeah , can I ? trent there 's one right there ..or you could use the one in the bedroom . beth great . which way ? trent ( smile knowingly ) straight back . beth thanks . int . trent's bedroom - night 77 beth sit on the edge of trent be bed to use the phone . she do actually glance at the ceiling to make sure there be no mirror on it . the candle above the bed visibly concern she . she dial . beth it 's I . int . beth & amanda' live room - night 78 amanda sit at a computer while talk on the phone . amanda this be you bail out call . beth yeah , okay , thanks . amanda it sound like you will not be rush home . beth I probably should ... amanda but ? ( continued ) 78 79 81 continued : fortune Cookie - 87 . 78 beth he have he own copy of Horton hear a hoo . amanda you be at he house ! beth could not be help . amanda mmmhhhmmm . could be worse . you could be in a virtual hot tub with the fourteen other member of the Andy griffith Online fan club . beth I have not look at it that way . thanks . int . les video - day 79 carolyn continue she interview . carolyn there be this guy who ask I out every day for two week . he be probably close to seventy , and he keep rent the raciest thing we have in the store , anything with the word erotic on the cover . he would rent the maximum six tape at a time then return they the next day and rent six more . I would ask he if he enjoy the movie , and he would say , " not as much as I would if you would watch they with I . " then he would laugh this little evil laugh . turn out , he be dubbing portion of " the greatest Story ever told " over every steamy scene . I have to take he to small claim court . but I remember , very clearly , miss the daily proposition . int . carolyn be car - majestic drive in - night 81 carolyn and dean sit in the front seat of carolyn 's car . we see a cutaway of some schlocky , Roger cormanesque b-movie on the drive - in screen . carolyn it 's not exactly the African Queen . ( continued ) fortune Cookie - 88 . 81 continued : 81 dean I do not know . the swamp monster have a certain kate hepburn quality . do Katherine hepburn dean ( cont 'd ) now I mean it ! I will devour you ! laugh , carolyn attempt to hold dean be hand . dean ( cont would ) watch it sister . that 's a little friendly for a first date , do not you think ? carolyn sorry , forget . I really could not believe you have the nerve to take I to a drive - in on we first date . dean why 's that ? do you have some unwholesome memory you want to share ? carolyn not at all . we do not have a drive - in in my hometown . it 's just the reputation , you know , drive - in equal hanky panky . dean not for I . my oldest brother use to take all five we here when we be kid . I will always think of drive -in as John Wayne , Coke down my short , and a trip to the swing set when the kissing start . carolyn you know what I remember most about we first date ? dean my punctuality ? carolyn no , though that be impressive , but what I be talk about be that you do not whine about I want to go dutch . dean I be a accountant . of course I do not whine . ( continued ) 81 82 83 fortune Cookie - 89 . continued : 81 carolyn well you would be surprised . you know I do not date much , hardly at all , before you , but every time I try to pay , it be like I be ask my date to get a vasectomy . like somehow I be neuter he by not let he pay . it show you be confident . there 's nothing more attractive than confidence . dean now , in all fairness to that weeny you go out with before , it be a tough call . I mean , I ask you out . it only stand to reason that I should pay . carolyn what do you mean , you ask I out ? I ask out you out . dean you ask I if I could come over to go over you book with you . that 's not a date . carolyn I mention food . dean you ask I if I like pringles . I be the one who suggest we make a night of it . carolyn I be glad you do . carolyn lean over onto dean be shoulder . dean do you think I should let my buddy out of the trunk yet . carolyn make ‘em suffer . ext . flight path coffee shop - night 82 heath be car pull up in front of the coffee shop . as it do , the rumble of a jet drown out all other sound . int . heath' bedroom - day 83 we return to heath' interview scene ( continued ) 83 84 continued : fortune Cookie - 90 . 83 heath I think my biggest fear in all this be be a sap . you know that little red head girl that Charlie Brown have be after for , uh , let 's see ..eternity . everybody know it be not gonna happen . it make you want to scream at he . Charlie hang it up . she do not know you be alive . but what can you really tell a guy who fall for the football trick every time ? I just do not want to be like that . int . flight path coffee shop - night 84 a few late night laptop -clack screenwriter , bohemian and college student inhabit the eclectically decorate and dimly - light Flight path coffee shop . a twenty -someth woman , ellen , work the counter . she see heath and begin prepare he caramel cappuccino . ellen heath , I see you get we mailing about the new dress code . ( louder ) none of this other slacker do . heath yeah . uh , ellen , this be doug. ellen hi. doug hello . ellen set heath be drink down . ellen and what can I get for you ? doug strawberry smoothie ? ellen that 's a lot of work . doug I can get something else . ellen I will suck it up . why do not I bring it out to you . heath , I believe you table be available . ( continued ) fortune Cookie - 91 . 84 continued : 84 heath thanks , ellen . heath begin lead doug to the appropriate table . doug you must come here a lot . heath my rare visit be memorable . doug mmhhhmmm . heath lead doug to two high - back antique chair that face a liver shape vintage coffee table and a puffy couch . display on the wall above this conglomeration be heath 's piece d'art -- a 3d cityscape fashioned out of paint box of various size and shape , toy soldier , weebles , model train , hot wheel , etc . everything be cement down . it hang like a normal , if bulky , painting . heath give doug the chair with the better view of the work . doug ( cont 'd ) ( notice the piece ) whoa , funky . heath funky good or funky bad ? doug ( pause for serious consideration ) funky good . this will not match anyone 's couch . heath thanks . doug you do this ? heath yeah . doug very cool . be there a theme , some special meaning ? heath you mean like man 's inhumanity to man or something like that ? ( continued ) fortune Cookie - 92. 84 continued : 84 doug yeah . heath no. doug good . heath you know what would be funny ? doug what ? heath if , right here in front of everybody , we take it down off the wall and start play with it . move stuff around , make car sound . doug wobbling the weebles . heath be you go to get back together with Troy ? doug I tell he I would . heath he seem all right . doug he be . ellen deliver the strawberry smoothie . ellen here you go . doug thanks . ellen so how be prom ? if I be go to have to listen to you go on about it for three week , I deserve the scoop . heath bore . the band be lame . drunk everywhere . ( continued ) 84 85 fortune Cookie - 93. continued : ellen ah , too bad . well the really important thing be you guy look great . heath thanks . ellen leave heath and doug at they table . doug be somber . doug I be so sorry . heath it 's nothing . ext . ice cream shop - night beth and trent eat ice cream cone as they sit on a bench or at a sidewalk table outside of a ice cream shop . trent I do not know what the chinese do before ice cream . if I eat anything spicy , I have gotta have ice cream . beth you know what they say . you can not miss what you have never have . trent now that sound like a fortune cookie . beth that must be where I hear it . trent I read this thing the other day . it be too long to be a fortune cookie . I think it be a quote from someone semi-famous . it say that a relationship be impossible between two people if they favorite movie could not stand to be in the same room together at a party . beth they favorite movie ? trent yeah . if movie be personify , would they hit it off ? like , I doubt the bicycle thief and porky 's revenge would be hang out by the punchbowl together . so what 's yours ? ( continued ) 84 85 85 continued : fortune Cookie - 94 . 85 beth my favorite movie ? trent yeah . beth guess . trent something by bergman . beth shake she head . trent ( cont 'd ) fellini ? beth please . trent thelma and Louise . beth do not respond . she look disgruntled . trent laugh . trent ( cont . ) ( cont 'd ) that 's it ! that be so easy . beth so what 's yours ? american gigolo ? trent no , but that 's a party I would not want to miss . beth so what be it ? trent not important . how be that vanilla ? I can not believe you order vanilla . beth not so fast , pal . favorite flick . let 's hear it . trent I be not say . I be hope this way you will describe I as mysterious to you roommate . ( continued ) 85 86 continued : fortune Cookie - 95 . 85 beth after the way I have laid my soul bare to you tonight . so , what do that leave we with ? be we back to first date word game ? trent I think it may be the only safe territory . you have not be exactly forthcoming , and every time I have gut it up and start to tell a story , a real story , you either look like you be go to nod off or you make fun of I . beth really ? I do not mean to ; it 's just that you storey -- I do not know -- the way they come out ; they sound rehearse . maybe rehearse be a bit harsh . it sound like you be even tired of tell they . I know everyone have storey that they repeat all the time , but ... trent you do not . beth I do not . it 's too easy . it 's like go on dating autopilot . one story to show you be strong . one story to show you be sensitive . one story to show you have get a sense of humor . trent but be not that what dating 's about . you tell each other you storey . if you like each other 's storey , you keep go out . beth there have to be something more to it . I mean , what happen when you run out of storey ? trent you live together . ext . les video - night 86 doug use a key to open the door of the close video store . she punch in the alarm code as soon as she enter , but she do not turn on the light . Light be provide by streetlight , exit sign , car , etc . ( continued ) 86 continued : fortune Cookie - 96 . 86 heath ( whisper ) be you sure this be okay ? doug ( normal volume ) sure . I be just leave the light off , so people do not try to come in and rent something . so what do you want to see ? heath start walk down the aisle check out the title . doug follow he , not really look at the video . heath you know my friend Ryan ? the first day he go to work at dunkin ' donut , they tell he he could eat all the donut he want for free , so , of course , Ryan just pig out , eat like twenty on he first day . doug I can not believe they let he do that . heath yeah , well , they know what they be do . Ryan end up get so sick that he say he will never eat another donut again . that 's they little plan . doug devious . heath so be that how you be with movie ? sick of they ? doug they're on when I be work , so I do not take they home very often . besides , if there 's a movie in the house , it 's too easy not to do my homework . heath if there 's a toaster in my house , it 's easy for I not to do my homework . doug well , I have this secret goal . I get two B 's my freshman year , but I have not make any since . heath same here . ( continued ) 86 continued : fortune Cookie - 97 . 86 doug the rest have be a 's . heath oh. doug if I get a 's the rest of the year , I will be the salutatorian . heath wow . I always know you be smart , but there 's smart , then there 's salutatorian smart . I would not have guess you be up there . I mean ... do not take that wrong . doug no. I understand . that 's the secret part . I do not want anyone to know . I never tell anyone what I make on test or homework or what I get in a class . I do not even think Troy know . and it 's not that I be all that smart ; my sat prove that . I just work hard at it . heath that sound like ambition to I . doug ambition to make good grade seem kind of pointless if there 's nothing you really want to do with it , but the scholarship money will come in handy . heath so why do not you want anyone to know . doug because it 's so uncool . not to be smart , really , but to try really hard for something . you say one of the reason you ask I to the dance be because you do not think I fit some stereotype , but in a lot of way , I do . look at I . I 'ma cheerleader who date a football player and do not want anyone to think she 's have a brain . heath man , I hope nobody find out I go out with you . 87 fortune Cookie - 98. int . carolyn be car - majestic drive - in - night 87 the drive in parking lot be empty except for carolyn be car . the movie be over . carolyn be asleep against Dean 's shoulder . dean be awake and stare blankly at the screen . dean wake up little susie . dean squeeze carolyn with the arm he have wrap around she . carolyn open she eye , yawn ... dean ( cont 'd ) you miss it . the swamp monster manage to organize all the textile worker into a union . carolyn I be dream about the lake house . dean what lake house . carolyn the one you say I would be live in when I be retire . dean be it nice ? carolyn it be too big . dean where to now ? carolyn on we first date , you take I straight home . I think you must not have like I very much , you be in such a hurry to get rid of I . dean I have forget about that . carolyn I be not sure you be go to slow down when we get there . I think I be go to have to do a Charlie 's angel roll out of the car . ( continued ) 87 88 89 fortune Cookie - 99 . continued : 87 dean I remember halfway through the movie that it be atilla the Mom 's birthday . dean and carolyn both realize . dean ( cont 'd ) shit. carolyn she 's on the West Coast , she 's probably still awake . carolyn start up the car . dean yeah , methodically clipping my face out of every family photo . int . trent's car outside beth' apartment - night 88 beth and trent sit in trent be park car . beth I do not see how you do it . you be not even go to get five hour of sleep . trent the really dement part be that this be what dj strive for -- the morning shift . Prime time in radio land . it 's not like , if I get better , they will give I a shift where I can sleep in . the car be consume in silence . beth well thanks . I have a nice time . ext . beth' apartment complex parking lot - night 89 beth pull at she door handle and start to get out of the car . trent quickly follow suit . the two converse while move towards the door . trent I will walk you up . beth I be fine , really . trent if I do not I will not get my merit badge . ( continued ) fortune Cookie - 100 . 89 continued : 89 the rest of the short walk be take in silence . they arrive at the door . trent ( cont 'd ) do you have a clock alarm ? beth sure . trent set it for seven . beth why ? trent I will say something to you in code on the air . everyone will hear it , but you will be the only one who will understand . beth oh . I do not think that will work . trent sure it will . beth my clock alarm -- that 's all it be . no radio . trent you do not have a radio ? beth shake she head . beth I have think about get one , though . as she say this , trent lean in and try to kiss beth . beth head dodge . after appropriate awkwardness ... trent sorry . beth ( curious , not mean ) have you send secret code radio message to a lot of woman ? trent do not respond right away . beth ( cont 'd ) you see what I mean ? ( continued ) 89 90 fortune Cookie - 101 . continued : 89 trent woman , man , friend , relative . I guess I ought to be go . beth yeah , well , thanks again . trent I have fun . beth I too . trent I will give you a call . beth give a " yeah , right " nod and open she door . beth good night , trent . trent good night . beth close the door . trent trudge away . he point a imaginary gun at he head and pull the trigger . int . beth' apartment - night 90 beth come out of she own bedroom have change into sweat bottom and a T-shirt . she knock on amanda be door and walk in . amanda be still campe in front of she computer beth hey , what be you do ? amanda have sex . can not you tell ? beth I will come back later . beth exit the room . she wander into the kitchen , open the freezer and contemplate she pint of Ben & Jerry 's . shake she head in disgust , she pull it out and get a spoon . beth then sit down on the couch and use the remote control to turn on Saturday night live . she watch a few second of some lame skit , but she quickly begin eyeing the CD rack next to the tv . beth pull she fortune out of she purse and begin rifling through the CD . she refer , once again , to the fortune . ( continued ) 90 91 92 fortune Cookie - 102 . continued : 90 beth ( cont 'd ) abba gold , thirteen ... beth pull out the abba CD . her finger scan down to the thirteenth track . she take out the CD and put it in the deck . " take a chance on I " begin to play . beth count the verse out loud . abba if you change you mind ... beth line one . abba on the mercy line ... beth line two . abba honey I be still free ... beth Three . abba take a chance on I ... beth ( along with male back vocalist ) take a chance . take a chance . int . trent's car - night 91 trent drive home from beth be apartment . he 's crank the song " fortune Cookie " that 's play on the radio . ext . the douglas driveway - night 92 dean be lean on he suburban . he 's talk to he mother on a cellular phone . carolyn be close enough that she can hear what he 's say . dean a lot more money , mom. .. I know I would be a lot closer . .. well , she 's get the business to think about . .. and ann. .. people do a lot of thing differently in 1957 . listen , I just want to tell you happy birthday . I will call you tomorrow and fill ( more ) ( continued ) fortune Cookie - 103 . 92 continued : 92 dean ( cont would ) you in on the detail . okay ? I love you , too . good night , Mom . dean hang up the phone and toss it in he vehicle . as the two talk they make they way towards the front door ... dean ( cont 'd ) sorry . her opinion be she own and do not reflect that of she offspring . carolyn I would invite you in , but it look like Ann 's here with she date . dean do you want to come over ? carolyn I do not think so . dean so this be it . carolyn how soon do they want you out there ? dean a month . carolyn we could still see each other until you have to leave . dean that 's no good . I be one of that people who like to rip the band aid off , not peel it off slowly . it do not hurt as long that way . carolyn I have never break up with someone that I be still in love with before . this be one of that time when you know what it feel like to be a adult . by now , they have arrive at the front door . dean anything you need . ever. just call . carolyn I need you to do something awful -- cheat on I , humiliate I . I can not take this kindness . I need you to break my heart . ( continued ) 92 93 fortune Cookie - 104 . continued : 92 dean I could never do that . dean and carolyn kiss . both be near tear . carolyn you be a good man , Dean jeffries . carolyn kiss dean one more time , quickly , and enter the house . int . douglas live room - night 93 doug and heath sit on the couch , a safe distance between they . they watch the African Queen . heath I think that would have be a cool time to be alive . doug yeah , you would have World War one and the depression to look forward to . heath I just like the idea of wear a cool hat and get to say " dame , " but since you put it that way . carolyn come in the front door , obviously upset . she walk right past the teenager on the sofa and enter the kitchen . doug follow she . doug Mom ? what 's wrong ? be you okay ? carolyn I be okay . I just need something to drink . doug pour she mother a glass of water . carolyn have take a seat at the kitchen table . doug something happen with Dean ? carolyn we break up tonight , honey . Dean 's move away . doug move away ? ( continued ) 93 continued : fortune Cookie - 105 . 93 carolyn to San Francisco . he get a promotion . doug then what be the ring for ? who give a ' break up ' ring ? carolyn what be what ring for ? doug he have a ring . it fall out of he pocket before he pick you up . I see it . I think he be go to pop the question tonight . that 's why we go to the Empire . I want to see you expression when he ask you . carolyn he do . doug he ask you ? what do you say ? carolyn ( realize ) I tell he not to be silly . doug Mom ... carolyn stand . she take the phone down off the wall and begin to dial . decide against that plan of action , she hang it back up . she repeat that process . she pick up she purse , then set it back down again . terribly confuse , she sit . doug ( cont 'd ) go. carolyn all right . what do I say when I get there ? use my x-ray vision , I have notice a diamond ring in you pocket . do you mind tell I what you be plan on do with it ? doug tell he not to go . carolyn I be not sure I can ask he for that . ( continued ) fortune Cookie - 106 . continued : 93 doug I think you better . carolyn get she purse and head back out of the kitchen , through the live room and out of the front door . doug follow she into the live room . doug ( cont 'd ) ( shouting after she mom ) I will not wait up . carolyn pop she head back in the door . carolyn heath , nice see you again . you guy can have another half hour before heath need to head home . doug but Mom , that do not give we enough time to watch ... carolyn shut the door . doug ( cont 'd ) caligula heath do you think she be mad because I be over here and it 's after midnight ? doug why would she be mad ? heath she say she want you home early , because you have to work in the morning . doug oh yeah , that . she will not care . hey , you pause the movie . heath I do not want you to miss it .. doug wow . you be the first male of the species I have ever know to pause the movie when somebody else leave the room . embarrass , heath finish he sentence . ( continued ) fortune Cookie - 107 . 93 continued : 93 heath because then I would have to tell you what happen when you be not watch . doug I be glad you ask I out . I have need to meet someone like you . heath I be glad I do too . I do not think I would rent the tux if I have it to do all over again , or take dance lesson . doug you take dance lesson ? heath I figure it be necessary -- unless you plan on square dance . do not worry . I do not go out and pay for they . I just have my sister show I . doug use the remote control to turn the tv off . she walk over to a jambox , insert a cassette and hit play . some romantic slow song come on . doug let 's see it . show I what you have learn . heath where 's the mirror ball . I do not boogie without a mirror ball . Doug beckon he with she finger . heath ( cont 'd ) all right . try to keep up . doug place she hand on heath be shoulder . heath nervously position he hand on doug be waist . they begin a type four dance . after a moment , doug scoot in a little closer . heath ( cont 'd ) cool . type three dance . doug type three ? heath better than type four . ( continued ) 93 continued : fortune Cookie - 108 . 93 doug type four ... heath type four -- how we dance with leper . doug heath ( obviously happy ) type three , accord to Beth , a girl , be a sure sign of non-revulsion . doug you be not go to cut off you ear and mail it to I , be you ? heath no , but in my next masterpiece , there might be a weeble - ette in a red dress . doug all right -- immortality . they dance for a moment . heath wait a minute . I know the answer ..to the riddle .. you fortune . they all get push around . doug a lawnmower . a revolve door . heath and a sap . doug oh wow . I be not think of it that way . what do you think it 's suppose to mean ? heath I could not tell you . I still have not figure out mine . I doubt I be gonna win a grammy . doug who know . doug draw in closer to heath . ( continued ) 93 94 95 fortune Cookie - 109 . continued : 93 doug ( cont 'd ) I guess this would be type two . heath ( nervously ) yeah . they continue to dance this way for a while . doug so what 's type one like ? heath I do not know . I think there 's a law against sibling attempt it . doug burrow in closer - - cheek to cheek or lip to ear now . as they spin and we see doug be face , he wear a sublime smile . doug you know what would be funny ? heath what ? doug if , on Monday , we walk through the cafeteria hold hand . heath that would freak people out . doug yeah , I think it would . int . carolyn be car - night 94 carolyn speed towards dean be house . she rehearse what she 's go to say . carolyn Dean , maybe we should think over this decision ... Dean , let 's not throw out the baby with the bathwater ... Dean , I think I leave some tupperware over here . ext . convenience store pay phone - night 95 trent get some change out of he pocket . from the inside coat pocket of he jacket he pull out a address book . he flip through the page locating the correct number . he dial . ( continued ) 95 96 fortune Cookie - 110 . continued : 95 trent still be up . still be up . int . beth' apartment - night 96 beth and amanda be dance around the live room to " take a chance on I . " the phone ring . Beth turn the music way down . amanda continue to dance behind Beth as she speak on the phone . beth hello . trent uh , hi , Beth . this be trent. beth what 's up ? trent listen , I want to call and tell you that I .. I do not know .. that I think you be swell . beth swell ? trent and smart and funny and cynical . mainly swell . beth uh , thanks . trent so what be you do tomorrow ? beth ( unsure ) study . amanda have dance back over to the stereo and turn it up just in time for a repeat of the " take a chance , take a chance " chorus . beth ( cont . ) ( cont 'd ) but , I will probably be able to free up some time ... trent that 's great . ( continued ) fortune Cookie - 111. 96 continued : beth if ... trent uh huh . beth wif you tell I what you be favorite movie be . trent ( long beat ) ghandi . beth ghandi ? trent you ask . beth you know what ? that 's so uncool , I think I believe you . 97 ext . dean's apartment - night carolyn knock on dean be door . dean answer . the two there awkwardly for a moment . carolyn marry I . dean no. carolyn be that soup bowl of mine still here . dean you do not get to ask that question . it 's mine . I buy a ring and everything . dean produce the ring . carolyn have I spoiled the drama ? dean I be still shaking . carolyn , the backwards way I ask earlier -- I deserve a no . carolyn try again . 96 97 stand ( continued ) 97 98 fortune Cookie - 112 . continued : 97 dean marry I . carolyn I can not think of a single reason not to . the two kiss joyfully . int . the empire - night 98 we return to garrett be interview scene . garrett call I jade , but at least I know what my job be here . I be not in the fortune business . I be just suppose to provide a conversation piece for we customer . not everybody get it . I know this guy who swear by fortune cookie , because he get four out of six number on the lottery off a fortune cookie and win a few hundred buck . if it be I , I would wonder why the cookie do not give I the other two digit . if anything I write ever do come true , it 's because it 's self - fulfil . people believe what they want to believe . and most people want to believe in happy ending . ( Long , long pause ) not I . I like it when ending be unapologetically grim . the hero get commit to a asylum and he lover have to marry a drug lord to pay the bill . now that 's a finale . fade to black .