four lions by Christopher Morris jesse armstrong Sam bain additional write by Simon blackwell 27.01.2010 int . omar' secret flat ( bomb factory ) - live room . night *k video image . waj be 20 , a british pakistani , build like a fridge . he wear camos , a black headscarf & behind he a rug be pin to the wall . wat yeah ? barry no , sit properly like you be gonna mean it - like you mean it . no , waj , do not muck about cos the battery 's gonna go . sit ... wat who 's muck about ? but I be not muck about . barry well you can not sit like that . above shot last about a second then we see Omar and Barry be look at this on the monitor screen of the camera . Barry be filming . omar what 's wrong with how he 's sit Barry ? barry come and have a look , it 's wrong . omar there 's nothing wrong with it . waj get up to see what he look like in the camera . barry not you . no. right what you look at ? wat there 's nothing there . barry no there 's nothing there . now , go and sit down . you can not see yourself now can you . wat I think you be recording it ! barry now sit , sit . fessal go away . wat I be ready , i be ready . 4 lions script at 31.10.09 omar alright , waj just relax you face . now focus on what you be go to say barry we have get to go before the battery go . omar one , two , three , action . video image ... waj . he be a proud mujahid - hold he gun . a ak47 . half size . plastic . toy . he stare at the lens , pump himself a face , hold it , look off ... wat ayup you unbely kuffar bastard - I be gonna turn ya baked beanz ! - what ? he have be put off by something Barry be do . barry what 's with the gun ? wat hey it 's proper replica man . barry what for - action man ? wat replica ak47 . barry it 's too small , man . wat it 's not too small brother . that 's just I hand . Big hand , brother . ( look to Omar ) omar shut up , Barry . try it without we kid and let 's go . barry it 's too small , believe I . wat ( beat ) I 'il bigger it . I will hold it nearer the camera that will bigger it . waj proffer the feeble unit & he hand enlarge with the lens . 4 lions script at 31.10.09 wat ayup you unbely kuffar bastard . barry no , no , this be stupid , this be absolutely stupid .... int . omar & sophia 's house . day . *k pull back to reveal that omar and sophia be watching the video on there telly - with the video camera plugged in . omar be glancing at sophia as they watch , looking a bit worried - be this ok ? it 's not ok ... he’s embarrassed . omar this be the outtake - the blooper she stroke he hair affectionately as he zoom through the tape . sophia he look good ( indicate Omar on sceren ) . we see omar on screen now - waj next to he . the VID run for a while - omar coherent - passionate . omar today be a wake up call . today be a opportunity for you to look in the mirror at you western ... omar clock sofia who thinks this be more like it omar imperialist culture , superficial materialism end at the capitalist church of McDonald 's . wat flippin idiot Omar watch the video wince omar it 's as though you have just have a big mac , completely oblivious to the amount ... wat complete flippin idiot . you could have go Chicken Cottage , proper halal , bargain bucket 6.99 ! 4 lions script at 31.10.09 omar what you talk about ? wat talk about Chicken Cottage ... omar can ’t hide this nonsense from sofia - who be looking like she want to support the project but can ’t find a foothold omar ( cont 'd ) dah ! there 's another one where he do not say that . mahmood ( omar ' S 8 year old son ) you bit 's good dad . omar be conflicted - frustrate - nods disconsolately at screen . now there 's a video of fessal with a BOX on he head . barry take the box off . fessal I cant show my face because it 's a image . a image be a haram . omar look at fessal with he head in the BOX and back to sofia omar . you know what , they be all blooper . what be I go to do if he do that at the camp ? ( turn to mahmood ) mahmood , do you think uncle fessal 's ready to go to Pakistan ? mahmood no way . curt to int . security control room . night . *k we see omar and matt be in front of the bank of tv screen . Security man , stare at the boring footage , look bored . Omar be deep in think - can not believe how boring this all be . matt ( after a long beat ) I run 23 k on the weekend . 6 k Saturday morning . have a light lunch . ( more ) 4 lions script at 31.10.09 matt ( cont would ) snack a jack and a medium apple . 5 k in the afternoon . ' cos obviously it be after lunch , so . then same again on Sunday . although in the afternoon I only do 4 k cos I would have a roast . I would have go further y’know but I start to run a bit lopsided . yeah , I be not slagging my right leg off , but my leave leg 's definitely stronger . Matt stretch the other leg . Omar be bored shitless - look at he laptop , occasionally register fake sign of listen . suddenly something on the screen take he attention . in a email window - a message from uncle p - read simply '' wedding list full - last chance !! '' matt ( cont 'd ) I think lefty just want it more . righty 's bone idle , he just wait there let 's lefty to pick up the slack - then before you know it you be run in curve - I be go to have to put my foot down you know , really show he who 's boss , you know what I mean ? you can talk to you leg you know . omar ( make a decision ) I need tomorrow off . matt what ? omar I need tomorrow off and the two week after that . matt Jesus . I think you be serious about this job Omar ? omar I have get to go to a wedding in Pakistan . matt you have get to ask yourself where you will be in five year time ? omar it 's a emergency . matt what a emergency wedding ? like , a shotgun wedding ? 4 lions script at 31.10.09 omar like a shotgun wedding , yeah . matt well , I 'il have a look at the rota . omar' secret flat ( bomb factory ) - live room.day barry be sitting in the jihadi position - waj be on the camera . the first few beat of dialogue will run over a slow zooming establishing shot that link the shopping centre via the motorway to the bomb factory window . barry the fed can track you phone even if the battery 's out . really . they can see you underground right ... wat can they see you if you be not there ? barry where 's there ? wat I do not know . barry they can see you everywhere , waj . fessal be they look at we through camera ? barry Space camera , yes fessal but I dad say I be not suppose to be on camera - it 's haram barry with the great of respect fessal you dad eat newspaper fessal not any more . he eat moth . barry exactly bro - look the way to stop the fed tracking you be very simple - you eat you simcard . get you simcard out . remove you simcard and ... 4 lions script at 31.10.09 wat can I cook mine ? barry no you must eat it raw . like this barry gob he simcard & chews . omar blam in the door salam omar salam lad wat we be eat we simcard barry anti surveillance omar ( joke ) you know they still work inside you Barry - they can still track they inside you - that 's not go to be very helpful in Pakistan . barry what ? omar Pakistan . I answer the call bro . barry what call ? omar train camp . we be upgrade . we be go . barry why do you get the call ? why do not I get the call ? omar cos you dont have a uncle in Pakistan Barry , last time I check . you have get a uncle in folkestone . be there any training camp in folkestone ? barry why do we need training camp anyway ? we be prime ! we do not need some tramp up a mountain tell we to set a fuse . we do not need some paki steptoe tell we when to go ! 4 lions script at 31.10.09 omar you be right Barry . we can go off any time we want . barry exactly , whenever we want , bro . omar yeah , if you want to be some sad loner trenchcoat mafia twazzock . barry what do you mean ? omar what I mean be - you can either be some stupid nutter Muslim who blow a bag full of nail into he own gut in the toilet at tgi 's or you can be a proper soldier in the mujahideen ? barry I be already in the mujahideen . omar no you be not bro . not until you join the army and hold the sword . touch the sky . ( Barry look interested ) proper chain of command right to the very top . he point up as if to indicate Allah . Barry think hard . barry alright . I be come . omar oh you want paki steptoe now do you ? barry listen I be the most Al Qaeda one here . omar think of the group , Barry , think of what we be try to do , right . it 's best you stay here , Barry . you be a liability and you be a loose cannon . barry bollock I be a liability . I be the invisible jihadi . ( more ) 4 lions script at 31.10.09 barry ( cont would ) they seek he here , they seek he there , but he 's not there cos he 's blow up you slag sister ! omar invisible ? like the time you get on the local news for baking a twin tower cake and leave it in the synagogue on 9/11 . barry that be part of the plan - hide in plain sight you mug . and I be come . curt to ext . barry 's car / road to airport . day . CUT to : int . barry car / ext . road to airport . day . Omar be next to Barry . waj be in the back with fessal . beady eye . Barry be drive Omar and waj to the airport . suddenly he outburst . barry you realize if I do not come with you to Pakistan bro Islam be finish ! omar ( soothes ) listen bro , we need you over here to keep a lid on thing . barry sure , so what if I be not here cause I buy a ticket at the airport and I come with you anyways ? very pleased with this , tetchy Barry depocket he passport . Omar be take aback . barry you wanna come fess ? fessal be unexpectedly on the spot fessal yeah it 's just I dad see creature that 's not there . ( this be seriously alarming to fessal ) 4 lions script at 31.10.09 barry ( to omar be fessal ) so he will keep it tick over here bro . omar ( right ) Barry right it you can answer this question you can come . Barry nod assent . omar ( in urdu ) how 's you urdu you mouse 's minge ? waj and fessal laugh . Barry know he be stump . barry do not fuck with I man . do not fuck with Azzam al Britani ! ( himself ) fury rise - Barry slam on the brake - recklessly - skid . - pull in to layby . barry if I be not go no one be ! a beat . Omar look at the ignition key . Barry whip it out and shove it in he gob . waj grab Barry 's neck , claw he nose from behind he , & start reach into Barry 's mouth . Barry , make stupid gutteral noise , swallow the key . wat its go down he neck . omar ( new plan - to waj ) right frog he . frog he in the back bro ! barry ( protest ) no , no frogging , we agree no frogging , you say no frogging . CUT to : ext . layby / int . barry 's car . day - continuous *k Super quick waj pile out the car . Barry resist until waj stick he thumb in he mouth , and walk Barry to the boot of the car . Omar start to hotwire the car . Barry comply with the frogging physically but protest . 10 4 lions script at 31.10.09 barry what if you get catch ? - I be not go down just cause you can not take a drill in the knee-cap . they will crack you like baby 's finger ! they will pump you full of viagra and make you fuck a dog . waj open the boot . Barry lean in to waj as he tie Barry up . wat stay still brother Barry . barry you will end up on you tube - blow lassie in a ditch . waj flip Barry into the car and slam the boot - Omar wire - start the car - waj clamber back into the back of the car - Omar to drive . CUT to : int . barry 's car . day - continuous *k wat be they gonna make I fuck a dog out there brother Omar ? omar ( to waj ) bro . my uncle 's connect . only time we will see cop be for weapon upgrade ! waj be relieved . suddenly Barry 's head burst through the armrest panel in the back seat barry alright Omar , I be let you go to Pakistan . my unit stay here . but my unit 's the main unit . omar Barry - shut up mate - because I tell you , you little brain cell might go off now and again but if you hand even go to move - if you start set up the Islamic state of tinsley again - go to university lecture open you big mouth - buy some more silver nitrate from amazon - I be go to rip you plug out . barry . not if you be not here you will not . 11 10 11 4 lions script at 31.10.09 with emphatic punctuation waj slam Barry back into the boot and shut the armrest on he . CUT to : ext . airport day . ** plane take off to Pakistan . ext . rawalpindi STREET / ext . tuk tuk . pakistan . - night ** High view of crowded pakistani city . track front view of tuk tuk drive through the crowded street of a pakistani city . New sound . CUT to : int . tuk tuk / ext . rawalpindi STREET . pakistan - night . *k waj and Omar with uncle X be ram in a row of three — face out through the back . waj be scoffing a samosa . uncle eye they judgmentally . waj be worried . uncle X ( in punjabi about waj ) be he as stupid as he look ? omar ( check waj , punjabi ) no uncle . uncle X ( punjabi ) so what ina prostitute 's howling trap be this ? he pull out waj 's prayer recite teddy bear . wat I prayer bear ! he do I prayer . uncle consider for a moment then shout through to the driver . uncle X ( punjabi ) stop ! the tuk tuk screech to a sudden halt outside a shop . CUT to : 12 4 lions script at 31.10.09 12 int . shop rawalpindi . pakistan . night . *k in a back room full of junk & store & cage chicken - uncle rifle through Omar and waj 's bag . chuck content about with contempt - astronaut food , Sports nutriment , trainer , sock , bit of low level camp kit . wat what the fuck 's he go to do with that rabbit bro . omar they be not rabbit bro , they be chicken . wat they be rabbit . omar bro , if they be rabbit , where be they ear ? wat that 's what I be say . uncle X brandish a Islam for kid learn book from out of the rucksack . uncle X ( punjabi ) would you kill he ? omar what ? uncle X ( punjabi ) he 's a idiot - would you kill he ? Omar be gobsmack . wat what 's he say ? uncle X ( sudden English ) I be ask would he kill you ?! the boy stare at each other - specially waj . uncle X pack up . if you make I trouble ( punjabi ) I will stitch you gob to the fuck shit pipe . he go to leave . uncle X salam aleykum . 13 4 lions script at 31.10.09 waj / omar wa-likumasalaam . uncle X leave . Omar exhales in relief . wat ( beat ) would you kill I then ? they start to reload they bag . beat . omar ( protect he ) no - course not . wat ( relief cause joke ) I would kill you bro . omar ( half amused ) would you ? wat yeah . omar ( what he really think ) right good cause I would kill you bro . bro , seriously I would kill you , course I would ! - I would kill you like that ( click finger ) wat flippin heck man would ya ? omar yeah course . wat right , I sort of think I be jokin 's a bit there bro . omar we be soldier bro - whatever 's ask - you do it - you do the right thing . right , you with I ? it 's life innit , it 's just life . what be that ? its nothing . it 's like be stick in the queue at alton tower . do you want be in the queue or do you want to be on the ride . you want to be on the ride dont you ? you want to be on nemesis or oblivion . wat ( get it , remember ) rubber dingy rapid . ( more ) 14 13 4 lions script at waj ( cont would ) yeah , rubber dingy rapid ! - ok I would kill ya brother Omar ! I would smash you head off with a thing . omar do you know what I would do waj . I would grab one of this hook and I have dig it in you belly , I would rip you gut out and spill they all out like mortal combat . wat I would take this right and I would fuck run you over with a tractor . omar yeah ? Soldiers brother . mujahid . wat ha ha ! Soldiers man ! mujahid ! exhilated , they high five and embrace . omar come on wat yeah come on , do you want some rabbit , you fuck up rabbit with 31.10.09 no ear . omar waj , they be chicken . CUT to : ext . car / rough road . pakistan . just before dawn . ** car 4 x4 side / headlight speed through barren landscape . Omar awake and waj asleep on he as the car rumble along . car bounce through scrub near encampment - stop . the driver open the door & haul Omar & waj out and go round to the back of the car . they bag arrive rudely through the air - driver jump back into car and leave they there . alone in a big space . from 50 metre away - a voice khalid ( Arabic ) hurry up - morning prayer ( English ) you be late . CUT to : 15 14 15 4 lions script at 31.10.09 ext . training encampment . pakistan . dawn . *k they hurry over to the encampment - some camo would tent - a shed and a vehicle - where a bunch of mujahadeen trainee be assemble for prayer . CUT to : ext . training encampment prayer area . pakistan . day . *k waj be unrol he prayer mat - but the guy next to he have a big problem with it pakistani muj ( furious punjabi ) turn around , Mecca be over there . waj be puzzle - he prayer mat be face the rise sun . this guy be force he to spin 180 degree in the opposite direction . wat fuck off bro , east be that way . Omar alert from he prayer preparation . omar waj we have fly over Mecca now . we have go past Mecca ? wat ( explain as if to a child ) Mecca 's in the east yeah ? ( enunciate slowly ) where the ( point , mime a sphere ) sun - the sun yeah ? where it rise you behn choad paki prong Khalid be cross & suddenly there . waj look massively massively puzzle . Khalid be not impressed . the moment be break by a noise from the sky . Khalid react suddenly - call the trainee in to the shelter of the camo net around the hut . khalid ( arabic ) drone take cover . american drone - quick ! as they duck under the net - Omar spot the at4 in the back of the motorbike wheelbarrow and start to pick it up . Khalid know this will not work . omar hey brother , I ‘’1l take it out 16 16 17 4 lions script at 31.10.09 khalid ( cont 'd ) ( Arabic ) too high ! ( English ) too high ! omar that 's what I be think . what be that ? two thousand foot ? khalid ( in disbelief ) what ? CUT to : ext . northern red brick university - evening establish shot . CUT to : int . university lecture theatre —- evening a well - attend University Islamic Society debate be under way in a lecture theatre , a mix White / asian audience . a banner behind the stage read '' Islam - moderation and progress '' with a smaller subtitle '' hallbeck College isoc debate '' . Barry be on the panel along with religious - look older Muslim imam , a suite male White mp , a journalist white woman . chairwoman be asian , in a headscarf but very westernize . macolm storge mp ... in depth knowledge of Islam but what I do know be that most british Muslims they do not want to be out abroad fight british foreign policy what they want to do be get on peacefully with they daily life and we support they ... barry yeah '' a good Muslim always keep he mouth shut '' - yeah - and you be surprised kid be go off to training camp ? malcolm storge mp that be not what I be say ... chairwoman ( turn to Barry ) so why be kid go off to training camp ? barry right well first off , I object to the term ' training camp ' . chairwoman you just use it . 17 4 lions script at 31.10.09 barry ( disbelief ) no I do not - it 's a western fantasy - you people think of Muslims run around the mountain with gun and bomb . yeah , that would suit you down to the ground , would not it ! chair but - they do exist do not they ?... barry I be not say they do not exist . what I be say be - if you will listen - be that if they do not exist , you people would have to invent they . malcolm storge mp that 's absolute rubbish . suddenly a young asian man be on he foot and shouting . hassan . 20 . british pakistani , ex public school . he 's a wannabe . in a puffer jacket . hassan ( applaud Barry ) yeah ! yeah ! man . this whole debate be twisted , man . chair we will take question later please - hassan Nah , nah , nah , man , you think we be all bomber do not you ?! malcolm storge mp that be absolutely not the case . the panel stare at he - on the verge of say no hassan cont Nah , nah , nah , when you look at someone like I , you think ' bomber , ' right ? there 's a rise sense of tension . barry yeah you do . malcolm storge mp that be not the case . hassan so why should not I be a bomber , if you treat I like one ? 18 18 4 lions script at 31.10.09 barry mashallah brother Hassan open he coat to reveal a bomb belt . there 's a beat of stillness and uncertainty - people lean away from he , but it all feel unreal . hassan ( cont 'd ) yeah mashallah ? ( start rapping ) yeah , I be da mujahideen , a I be makin a scene , now you 'z gonna feel what the boom boom mean , its like tupak say when I die I be not dead , we be the martyr , you be just smashed tomataz - allahu akbar ! he pull he cord - he bomb be party popper . there 's confusion - a few shriek - people not sure what 's happen . Hassan reveling in he big point . Barry be the first to fill the stunne gap . barry mashallah , brother . Hassan be be drag off by University Security , as he berate the audience . hassan oh what man come on ? what , just cause I be Muslim you think this be real ? Barry turn to another panelist : barry Police state . Police state . this be oppression ! he 's be render . he 's be render . CUT to : ext . northern university / ext . barry 's car - later . day . *k Hassan leave the building . he trip down the step pleased with himself , Barry be there wait for he by he car . barry hey bro , bro , down here . need a lift ? Hassan check he , recognize he from the panel . his eye widen , he look delighted . 19 4 lions script at 31.10.09 hassan yeah man wait , yeah . ccut to 19 int barry car / ext . northern red brick university . later . ** Hassan be now sit in the car with Barry . ( static . ) hassan oh man , you be a ledge , you be a ledge bro barry you be not so bad yourself brother - wass you name ? hassan Hassan malik - the mal . barry the mal . Nice little stunt back there . ( sudden change ) but you know what , you be a total piece of shit mate . you be worse than the specially train rapist they use in Guantanamo . hassan you what ? Barry be suddenly angry . Hassan look alarmed . barry yeah you be not ignorant like they . you know you should be do something . hassan but I be do something . barry oh , what that ?! ( impersonate Hassan ) '' i be the mujahideen thingy thing rap rap '' ? huh ? hassan it be jihad of the mind - the gesture that mess yer ... barry be the prophet sal allaahu alayhi wa sallam about gesture ?! do he smash the pagan statue ? or do he just stand there make a gesture ? be this a gesture ?! 20 4 lions script at 31.10.09 he let the car into gear and drive idiotically into the wall . look at Hassan , nodd . barry that be for real brother . hassan yup . Hassan look to the door , Barry lock the car door from the inside . barry be you for real as that ? Hassan stare back - 90 % speechless . nodding . Wide -ey . hassan yup . barry ( cont 'd ) how often d' you go to mosque ? hassan ( very back foot ) er - when I can - most week - barry ( interrupt ) once a year be too often ! the mosque have lose it brother - they be full of loser and spy . Hassan be boggle . barry this be real bad time bruv - Islam be crack up - we get woman talk back - we get people play stringe instrument - Thomas the tank engine - it 's the end of day . do you wanna be for real ? hassan ( quite small now ) yeah of course . barry be you sure ? hassan a hundred per cent . 21 20 4 lions script at 31.10.09 barry ( pounce on hass & clasp he in a hug , say quietly ) come here . fuck you Omar ! CUT to : ext . training encampment . pakistan . day . *k waj be hold he gun and talk to a phone he have propped up use a pile of rock as he tripod . wat ( to camera in presenter mode ) Big enough for you now Barry ? ( he fire a burst ) be I blow a dog in a ditch - or be I paki rambo . he fire the gun in the air & laugh . Khalid run out of the shed - past a park donkey . khalid stop ! stop ! ( arabic ) you stupid donkey 's shitbox . Omar arrive run , from another direction . wat get I picture - mujahid style ! Khalid grab the gun . grab the phone . jab waj with the gun . khalid ( arabic ) you make signal like you be ( english ) James fuck bond ? omar no ! ... no he 's not ! ( to waj ) how do you -? khalid ( furious arabic - hurt waj ) this make signal & drone see they and attack we you piece of camel sphincter ! Khalid rip the phone to bit and stamp on it . then carry on whack waj . khalid ( cont 'd ) ( arabic ) tomorrow , when we crossing valley to meet sheikh - you no ! stay here & clean gun . 22 4 lions script at 31.10.09 massive shocked beat . waj and Omar stricken - outburst despite himself . omar no , no , no listen ! - we need a al Qaeda emir . khalid ( turn on Omar arabic ) shut you bawling English face . wat ( bravely , pain ) it be my fault bro , let Omar go . khalid ( english ) both stay ! both - off the jihad - ( arabic ) after tomorrow you go back to fuck England - you English donkey - & you - ( english ) fuck Mr beanz . omar but we have not get a emir yet . he turn & stride off . Omar - furious and helpless - waj break . wat I be just get I picture bro . omar waj , go away right now . CUT to : ext . fessal's lock up garage - below he flat . day . ** Wide shot . Barry , Hassan and fessal . approach one garage in a backstreet of 14 . fessal be fiddling with lock . barry woah , woah , woah ( check for surveillance ) follow I man . fessal open up the garage door . about 2 foot . they all have to crawl in . the other keep watch . the last - fessal - have to check for himself . they enter . Hassan filming on he phone . the floor be cover with bottle of bleach & screw top wine bottle - also contain bleach . fessal talk to Hassan past cam . hassan woah , liquid peroxide . 23 4 lions script at 31.10.09 fessal Three year of stockpile . barry where do you get it all ? fes a wholesale shop down the road . barry what ? all from the same shop ? fessal yeah . barry you mug . you will get we nick . fessal no - I use different voice every time I go in . barry different what ? fessal different voice . barry different voice ? show I . fessal what ? barry show I the voice . come on . fessal well one of they 's , my voice '' can I have twelve bottle of bleach please '' barry yeah I know what that sound like . give I another one . fessal ira voice . barry ira voice ? they be terrorist fessal . what you wanna do a terrorist voice for ? you will get we nick . fessal I ‘'ll be in disguise though will not I ? 24 4 lions script at 31.10.09 barry yeah , but , as a terrorist . let 's hear the voice . fessal ( no change to the voice ) '' can I have twelve bottle of bleach please '' . Barry 's face be a clean slab of disbelief . and then I get one like this as well ( again no change ) '' can I have twelve bottle of bleach please '' barry what 's that ? fessal ( to Hassan and Barry ) it 's a woman 's voice . cos I get load of liquid peroxide . probably think she have go in there and .. barry and what ? fessal Dye she hair or something . barry and she beard ? fessal what ? barry you have get a beard fessal I cover it . barry you cover you beard yeah . how ? fessal cover he beard , badly , with he hand . barry right . so you go into a shop with you hand on you face like that and ask for twelve bottle of bleach ? so why have she get she hand on she face , fess ? fessal cos she 's get a beard . 25 22 4 lions script at 31.10.09 Hassan can not believe this - eye check with Barry who nod solemnly - oh yes . CUT to : ext . training encampment . pakistan . day . *k gun in the back of the motorbike wheelbarrow , include a at4 missile launcher in box . rag clean bit of gun . on the ground beside the batter vehicle & shed & tent . park goat be impassive . waj be distress . waj and Omar have be leave behind . wat I be sorry brother Omar . maybe it be god will . Omar carry on clean gun . waj ( cont 'd ) ( beat ) maybe it be God 's will I be do I video so maybe it 's not my fault . omar ( stop , turn ) no . it be you fault . it be God 's will that you be act like a complete prat , apparently . but it be deffo you fault . wat so if that be God 's will then be I God 's fault ? maybe I be God 's mistake . do that mean I be go to go to hell brother ? do mistake 's go to hell ? ( start witter ) Omar do not know what to say - go back to clean the gun - but be distract by a distant buzz . both hear it . they stare at each other a beat . Omar scan the sky - find something low on the horizon . omar ssh . that 's a drine ! wat hide ! omar it 's fly low . its go to attack ! waj stare at it - fearful . look over he shoulder - we see it in the distance , approach , zoom in to it . shit ! 26 4 lions script at 31.10.09 wat let go ! let 's go . omar where we gonna go waj ? - we gotta take it out ! wat take it out with what ? we be not get no bullet . wat it 's my mistake bro . it 's my mistake . omar no , no no . waj now think about it . this be God 's plan . he 's put we here to defend the camp do not he ? this be we jihad . now think about it . wat it 's still my mistake . omar Nah , no no that 's the devil in you brain give it the wasawasa do listen to he . God be in you heart bro . what 's you heart say bro ? trust I . come on . wat it say er ( look at the missile - Omar 's speech sink in ) maybe we should er( pause ) maybe we should flippin pop it brother . get back on the jihad ! ( nervously clocking the approach drine ) yeah yeah . what we go to use ? omar this bro . wat Fucking yes ! he 's into the back of the vehicle open a box with US marking on it . he reveal a at - 4 launcher & spigot missile . Omar be manhandle the missile launcher out of wat proper mujahideen . rubber dinghy rapid yeah brother . flippin pop it brother , flippin pop it . 27 27 23 24 4 lions script at 31.10.09 waj withdraw . cam be with waj look at Omar . Omar hit the button . a missile shoot out - but it shoot out of the back of the launcher and off across the valley . Omar be brace himself the wrong way so he fall forward flat on he face . the launcher cricket - stump out of he grasp . waj look at the disappear missile & back to Omar . wat brother Omar ! it come out the wrong end . Omar look up from the dust . omar ( horror ) the Arabs ! that 's where the emir be . the missile be streaking towards the sheikh 's camp across the valley where smoke from the chimney indicate they have a fire in the grate . 3 dreadful second . the missile hit . wat oh flippin shit . be this God 's will bro , tell I it be ? tell I it 's God 's will bro . the drine fly harmlessly past and away from both camp . then all hell break loose at the arab farm . gunfire and a couple of rocket - zoom across the valley . Omar and waj - in a total funk legging it away from the farm towards the road . ordnance throw up pillar of soil behind they . both shouting , scream ... cry . curt to ext . fessal 's house establisher . day . *k Barry , Hassan and fessal arrive outside in Barry 's car . a woman and baby pass by on the pavement . barry ( to woman and baby ) Morning officer . you have be rumble . they go inside the house . int . fessal 's house - live room . day . ** in the dingy mess of fessal 's small house , Hassan still filming . thing move very fast for he . 28 Hassan be 4 lions script at 31.10.09 fessal so what my plan be right ?.. put a bomb on a crow - fly it into one of they tower full of Jews and slag ... I keep crow in the shed . have a look . amaze . barry we be way beyond crow now fessal . we be really go to blow the lid off . hassan yeah I be all about blow the lid off man . blow my lid off . barry ( beat ) bomb the mosque ! fessal . Hassan shocked . hassan what ? fessal the maschid ? barry yeah , the maschid , the mosque . but we go in dress like kuffar . they think its the unbeliever attack . so all the Muslims rise up and fight back ! stoke thing up proper big-time . fast - track the final day . total war ! hand fessal he tea with no extra comment . hassan that be sick ! fessal ( cut in , clearly worried ) what 's Omar say ? hassan who be this Omar anyway ? barry do not sweat that . he 's one of my boy . I have send he off to training camp to bring he up to scratch . 29 25 26 4 lions script at 31.10.09 fessal but I dad go to the maschid , what if he 's in the maschid ? barry have you dad ever buy a jaffa orange ? fessal once or twice . barry right , he 's buy nuke for Israel bro - he 's a Jew . Hassan be fire up by this - fessal 's face be worried . CUT to int . airport - arrival . - day . ** camera find Omar & waj emerge into arrival . Rough unchange , no backpack . waj daze . Omar pensive , rattle condition from what he 's just be through . waj see Barry . wat look Barry ! so what be we gonna say ? omar we will say - we be gonna be send for special training - in Somalia . wat ( nodd ) ok - Somalia he 's never hear of it before - he say it like its a magic land . CUT to : ext . airport - arrival / car park . day . ** jump cut through the exit door & outside there 's Barry - wait across the road with a smug grin . Omar walk towards he , gather himself . reaches Barry . omar you alright Barry ? barry what happen ? omar nothing happen . we have be send to ... 30 4 lions script at 31.10.09 barry ( cut off ) bollock . you fuck up . you fuck loser . I tell you you should have take I . Omar do not enjoy this wat we be go to somibia Barry . omar Somalia . wat special training . barry ( mimic waj ) special training . bollock . something happen —- omar ( stung - fight back ) nothing happen Barry . barry look at the state of you , no luggage , back early , yeah something happen . omar ( fight back ) yeah . something do happen Barry . barry yeah you fuck up . omar no - ( beat - he look at waj then go for it ) we get a emir and he tell we that we be on . barry what ? omar we get a emir and he say that we be on . ( wear this shoe in quickly ) you on as well bro ? this drive Omar off . Barry & waj be stunne for different reason . then start to follow he . barry ( have to be positive now ) yeah for real bro alhamdallilah . Omar & waj be 5 metre ahead of barry 31 4 lions script at 31.10.09 wat ( so Barry cant hear ) what about the arab bro . what about the arab ? omar they be not arab they be - bad tribesman . bad tribesman . wat so it be good what we do there then beat - then see Hassan omar ( interrupt - turn to Barry ) what 's the fuck be special branch do here ?! meter off , by Barry 's park car - Hassan - filming they . barry no , no . that 's Hassan he 's in . omar ( coiling ) since when Barry ?! barry no . he 's one of we . omar be he fuck . hassan how be it boy ? be it amazing ? omar what I dad funeral ? Omar grab Hassan 's cam off he . omar cont ’d how could that be amazing ? hassan ( stunne ) you be joke ?! omar he be peck to death by chicken why would I joke about that ? waj laugh . question hang . Hassan do not know what to say . barry ( introduce ) ignore it bro , this be Omar , this be waj . this be Hassan malik . 32 4 lions script at 31.10.09 hassan yeah - I be the mal , yeah . Omar do not accept the handshake omar ( to waj ) frog im . waj handle Hassan . barry no , no do not frog he . he 's be test . waj still have a hold of Hassan , who be anxious to please . hassan ( beat ) yeah yeah he test I . omar how d'ee do that then ? Omar look at Barry then back to Hassan quizzically . ( see Barry look sheepish ) hassan he make I do the bean thing man omar what bean thing ? hassan - you know - where you put a bean up the end of you nob , man . Omar look at Barry and back to Hassan again - a real '' you do what ?! '' look on he face . barry ( change the subject ) we be on the parking , we gotta , we be on the parking . omar Barry ? what 's this thing about a bean , Barry ? hassan ( realise ) what you mean I do not have to -? Barry look away from Hassan . omar no . he 's land you right in it . I get no need for a beanfucker . or a tv paki . or a coconut spook . ( beat , to waj ) now frog ‘im . 33 27 4 lions script at 31.10.09 waj tighten he grip on Hassan . barry Omar . he 's load . his dad 's load ! omar what from mi5 payroll ? hassan Nah . he 's get a clothes factory . I can get you a van . I can nick a van .. omar ( disgust ) you would steal off you own dad would you ?! hassan ( beat - realise the right answer ) well , yeah , yeah . omar right . well you be still walk . Hassan can not believe it . Omar go up close to he . omar listen next time I see you you better have a fuck van or I be go to floss you ball with razor wire . Hassan know he really do have to walk . the other get in , waj grin , shut the door . Barry look at Hassan as if to say ' play that wrong 's , or actually say barry you play that wrong , mate . and get in the car . int . barry 's car / ext . airport - car park . day . *k the conversation continue in static car with Hassan leave stand gormlessly unsure what to do , outside the car . barry you be on one Omar . omar drive . the car will not start . omar do you fix this Barry ? 34 4 lions script at 31.10.09 barry yeah I fix it . omar what do you do it yourself or something ? barry yes I do it myself . Barry pull off - Omar briefly catch Hassan 's eye to give he false hope before car drive off , then look at he like he 's shit & filming it on Hassan 's camera phone . barry so be he in or what ? omar course he 's in Barry . it 's either that or kill he . what choice do I have ? barry great . I know you have like he . CUT to : 28 int . mahmood 's bedroom . night . *k Omar be read a bedtime story to mahmood , tuck up in bed ( no book - he 's make it up ) . omar so , simba and pumba be out on they own — and scar be out look for they — and if he find they — he have kill they , but mahmood dad ? omar yeah ? mahmood do you blow up any kuffar ? omar what ? mahmood at the wedding ? omar do you want to hear what happen to simba or not ? 35 4 lions script at 31.10.09 mahmood yeah . omar right , so simba & pumba be out on they own when all of a sudden they see this big evil bird that scar have send out to look for they ! and simba go ' look , there it be !' — the big evil vulture come right at they ! ( pause — lose in think ) mahmood and then what dad ? omar well simba have to bring it down or otherwise it would kill they — so he grab a stone and chuck it at the bird only he chuck it so hard , it be such a strong powerful throw that he arm go all the way round and the stone go right behind he — he throw it so hard it go a mile behind he — and it — hit mufasa — wise strong mufasa , simba 's dad — it hit he accidentally on the head and kill he . mahmood but do not scar kill mufasa ? omar yeah , in the film - but this be real life I be talk about ? so simba have a choice . he could either tell all he friend what have happen and agree a confusion or he could keep it a secret and lead all he friend in a big fight against scar . what do you think he do ? mahmood he have to tell the truth ? omar ( bit impatient ) but he 's get to fight scar , have not he ? telling the truth mean give up . would simba give up ? mahmood simba would never give up . 36 29 4 lions script at 31.10.09 omar exactly . exactly . so simba keep it all a secret . and he lead pumba and timon and all he friend , he lead they all ina fight against scar and they vanquish scar and simba become the new lion king mahmood yeah ! omar bedtime for you , soldier . CUT to : int . barry house - gym - day . ** Omar be stand address Barry , waj , Hassan and fessal who be all sit before he in a line . the scene start with Omar give a significant look to Barry . Omar be go to straight drop a wopper . omar alright , lad this be it . this be it boy . I have speak to the emir . hassan how do you do that ? omar email drop box . and the child 's instant message site , Party puffin . wat I have be on that . omar good waj . wat proper good . barry do we have to be puffin as well ? omar yeah I 'il give you all username and password after this meeting . barry I be not sure I wanna be a puffin . 37 4 lions script at 31.10.09 omar you do not have to be if you do not want to Barry . wat bagsy a blue one yeah . omar good waj . now I have speak to he . my puffin have communicate with he puffin . he 's tell we to get on with it , take fessal 's gear to the secret flat , we will hide it under the costume in Hassan 's van , we will put the bleach on boil . we have instruction to bring havoc to this bullshit , consumerist , godless , paki bashing , Gordon ramsay , taste the difference speciality cheddar torture endorse , massacre sponsor - look at I dance piss with I nob out - Sky one uncover who give a fuck about dead afghanis disneyland ! all musallah . brother Omar . wat fuck mini baby bell . omar ( sink in ) puffin say find a target . barry we have get a target bro we be all agree . omar what be it ? barry it 's the mosque . fessal look doubtful Hassan nod . omar what ? barry yeah - bomb the mosque . radicalize the moderate . bring it all on . 38 4 lions script at 31.10.09 fessal look too scared to challenge . Hassan nod , eye blaze - Omar realize this be serious start pace . he 's have trouble take this in . Barry enjoy this . omar ok . right . no I like that . I do like that . it 's brilliant . let 's take out a bunch of Muslims - cause they be the real enemy be not they , Barry ? once we have do that why do not we truck bomb a kebab shop or fly a jumbo into waj 's mum 's head - why do not we get a pig and staplegun it to we forehead ? Barry look stunne . Hassan very take aback . hassan but if we bomb a mosque it will make all the Muslims rise up ! omar I cousin faz die defend a mosque in Bosnia - do he flippin rise up , bro ? Hassan be silence , fessal pipe up . fessal let bomb boot - beat , group reaction take this in . fessal cont ’d ( explain ) they sell condom that make you wanna bang white girl . wat I second that , boot . they nab I nick lynx display . omar ( disappointed ) right lad , think a bit bigger than a chemist right - I be not blow I gut out over a bunch of tampon and cotton bud . what we have get to do have get to last in history . echo through the age . barry ( after a long beat ) like bomb a mosque . 39 4 lions script at 31.10.09 omar ( lose he patience ) Barry . we be not bombing a mosque . barry you do not get it do you Omar ? we radicalize the moderate - the ummah rise up , it all kick off ! omar no I do get it - I tell you what its like - it 's like have a fight with someone and they be punch you in the face right - so what you go and do be you punch yourself in the face . fessal laugh a bit . Barry try to explain calmly . barry alright , so I be have a fight with this fictionary man , and he 's not punch I hard enough in the face to make I go mental and win ? omar let 's do a experiment Barry . we will have a fight right now . when you start lose and you be not do very well - you punch yourself in the face , go mental and start win . show they all how it work . Omar go for Barry - push - cuffing . barry I be not gonna punch meself in the face . omar why not , Barry ? you be the mulsims you be get attack . go mental , Barry go mental . show they how it work . ( he 's enjoy this ) barry I be not a mosque ! omar yes you be bro ! bomb the mosque ! wat ( can not wait ) go on baz ! bomb it ! 40 4 lions script at 31.10.09 hassan ( half support ) show he how it work Azzam ! fessal come on man show we ! barry fuck 's sake be you all idiot ?! a rise '' bomb the mosque '' chorus of encouragement from waj , Hassan and fessal - Barry be cornere , he suddenly do punch himself in the face - it hurt . omar wow ! he bomb the mosque . he 's bomb the mosque . Barry where be the moderate ? ( make out he 's expect a spectacular fight back ) wait , the moderate should be come out now .. barry right if I be a mosque , which I be not , then there would be all moderate behind my nose , burst to come out and rise up . the lad find this funny . Barry 's nose start to trickle blood . omar ( point ) ooh , they be bro ! Barry , the suffi Muslim Council 's come out you nose . ah , you have just wipe they out . you have just wipe they out . the lad laugh some more . fessal instinctively & sweetly hand Barry a hanky - Barry wipe the blood off he nose . omar ( the other laugh ) do you think we should still bomb the mosque Barry ? Barry fume . decide to leave . fessal here you be , I have get you a jay cloth , brother . 4l 30 31 4 lions script at 31.10.09 fessal hand Barry a jay cloth and shockingly Barry suddenly crack he nose with a headbutt in a confuse act of self - piteous revenge . CUT to : ext . van outside omar 's secret flat . day . *k the van mark '' malik 's Cloth & costume '' be park up outside the bomb factory . bleak end terrace next to a motorway . Cars and lorry slish by . CUT to : int . omar' secret flat ( bomb factory ) live room - day *k this be the flat we see earlier . it be become the bomb factory . on the floor be several box of fessal 's wine bottle with screw cap fill with bleach . there be also a stereo and speaker , and a guitar . Hassan and waj be dance to some niche beat . Hassan be wear a rabbit head costume . waj be do a mock execution on the rabbit . Barry enter . barry turn that off . there 's common area out there . hass it 's we cover man . we be a band . barry you be what ? hassan we be a band . barry bollock turn it off . what 's with the chicken ? we see fessal wear a rubber chicken head with coxcombe head costume emerge from kitchen . fessal it 's beard protection - from the bleach ! hassan he 's the drummer ! waj start to get into the music , and dance up to Barry . wat the chicken drummer . 42 4 lions script at 31.10.09 fessal yeah , Barry , who break the chicken 's beak , yeah , remember ? wat yeah , Barry , you break he beak . barry yeah well I be sorry but beak get break in war , do not they ? we be not about protect beak be we , we be about blow they off . yeah ? well go and unload the van , I be not do all the work . ( usher they out ) - waj , waj , anti surveillance ( shake head ) lad exit shaking head feel foolish . fessal shake he head too . barry not you , mate , you be still here . CUT to : 32 ext . omar' secret flat ( bomb factory ) / hassan 's van - day ** Hassan and waj approach the back of the van where Omar be hand out the last three box . he clock waj and Hassan headshake . omar what you do ? hassan just in case they be take picture . wat Barry say you come out blurry Omar 's face , as waj stand in front of he , shaking he head . omar now stop it . stop it . cctv be video . you be just go to look like a bunch of sufis on speed . next time Barry tell you to do something , do not . CUT to : 33 ext . omar' secret flat - bomb factory - back entrance . day *k Omar , Hassan and waj carry box . to they leave , a voice . 43 4 lions script at 31.10.09 omar you alright ? alice you alright wasim , yeah ? ( to waj ) alright Jason - ( to Hassan ) who 's this one ? clearly she 's be feed code name for each of they - Hassan need a code name too . omar this be Claude . Claude , this be Alice . she 's get the flat next door . alice hello Claude . ( repeat it like she 's try it on for size ) ' Claude . 's what 's this ? she try to pull the costume off the top of the box . Omar step in . omar Claude 's a new member of the band . alice ( grin at he ) I use to be in a band ' till ... all the bird fall off the roof ( trail off ) I do not know if you remember ? omar alright then Alice . we will see you later . come on lad , come through . Omar be drag Hassan away . alice which one be you ? hassan Claude . alice Claude . be you french ? hassan yeah . see ya . CUT to : 44 4 lions script at 31.10.09 34 ext . barry house . day . establisher . *k 35 int . barry 's house - live room . day ** Barry be recording he video . barry alright mister newsman , in the newsroom . after three . Three , two , one . yes , it be we . we have strike you where you least expect it . we have bomb the mosque . only in the day of the final jihad . Barry be interrupt . barry what you do here ? hassan well , you tell we to come round . we have just come through the back , anti-surveillance like you say . barry right , well , I be do my tape . hassan but we be not bombing the mosque . barry what ? hassan we be not bombing the mosque . Omar say we be not bombing the mosque . barry look , I be just do this tape in case the plan change to bomb the mosque . hassan yeah but if they do change be not the whole point of it to blame it on the kuffar and not take responsibility for it ? barry what do you know about it , it 's my idea in the first place , not yours . now fuck off I be do my tape , go on . 45 36 4 lions script at 31.10.09 omar . hello mate . barry what you be here as well ? omar yeah , what 's go on ? wat he say he be go to bomb the mosque . omar what ? do you say that Barry ? barry no I do not . omar do you say that Barry ? wat yeah he do . omar what do you say then Barry ? barry I say I be go to bomb something else . fuck off , fuck off out my house . int . omar 's house - kitchen . day . omar be watching barry 's video on he computer . sofia get the door and return back to the room , we see ahmed , omar' older brother . very orthodox , trad & strictly non violent . he accent bear more of a pakistani imprint than omar be . ahmed hang in the doorway waiting for sofia to leave the room . sofia salam , Ahmed . Omar , it 's you brother . come in . ahmed no it 's ok . sofia just come in and sit down . omar alright Ahmed . salam aleykum . omar beckon he in —- ahmed won ’t enter - wont look at sofia and shield he eye from the sight of her . 46 4 lions script at 31.10.09 ahmed salam aleykum omar. ( urdu ) can she leave the room ? omar waleykum asalam bro - ( beckon in again ) come on ! ahmed I be good thanks . sofia just come in and sit down . I be not in the same room you can come in . ahmed you be . the wall have be take out so you be . ahmed still shielding himself with he hand ... omar bro , have you come to drop some fatwas cos we have just have the carpet clean . ahmed ( cont ’d ) ( urdu ) I need to talk to you about violence - there be violence in this house . omar ( hear it before ) not in this house bro . a sudden noise from the garden . mahmoud oos freeze or I blow you gut out ! they spin to see mahmoud - supersoaker raised at omar — delighted dad be back . its a familiar routine - omar pick up a flashflood water gun from behind the coat & point it at mahmoud . omar ( playful ' jack bauer 's ) run and hide little man ( urdu dininutive ) you get thirty second ! expect this and thrilled , mahmoud legs it back to the garden . ahmed have a '' told you '' look on he face as he produce a third water pistol . ahmed what be you teach he Omar ? 47 4 lions script at 31.10.09 omar you lose it bro they be water pistol ?! you get 150 quote from the scholar say that you cant squirt a water pistol ? ahmed ( urgently - enough ! ) Omar - there be no justification for what you be plan . omar what be I plan , bro ? ahmed you tell I Omar ? omar ok - sure you can handle it bro , well its not a proper plan yet - but what I be think be - inshallah - I be go to go upstairs , run a hot bath , come back down , make some bean on toast . sofia laugh ahmed very funny ( urdu ) a joke be a sign of weakness . omar be it bro ? have you get opinion to back that up . ahmed I have eighteen opinion - all very good one . omar you know what , it 's not top trump . Muslims be out there get paste out there and you be sit there go ( pakistani accent ) '' I have get 60,000 opinion say we must not fight back but instead we must measure we beard with ruler and lock we wife in the cupboard '' . ( urdu ) be that not a sign of weakness ? serious point from omar - and sofia fully agree . ahmed it 's not a cupboard it 's a small room ! 48 4 lions script at 31.10.09 sofia ( rise impatience ) oh come on . it be a flippin toilet till you take the china out ! ahmed ( to sofia ) I do not argue with woman . sofia no you dont you lock they ina cupboard . ahmed ( to Omar ) Omar you wife be out of control . omar I do not know how to control she , help I out . sofia' have enough - sweep up mahmoud supersoaker . her attitude be >> oh well if I ’m out of control I all be out of control then < < sofia oh I be so out of control - look at this - what be I do ? sofia fire it at ahmed' face . ahmed be stunned - control himself . sofia ( cont 'd ) oh stop I Omar what be I like ? omar ( larf ) do it again babe he will not fight back ... ( ironically ) in fact I order you ! ( wink at ahme ) obey I wife ! go and do it . sofia unleashes another tankful . ahmed incensed fire a water pistol at omar . omar ( cont 'd ) ah fight bro ! fight ahmed ( shoot now ) I be not fight - this be not fight . sophia no its self defence ! omar defend yourself bro - come on - little intifada in the face ! 49 37 4 lions script at 31.10.09 ahmed leave . squirting and shout . ahmed I be not fight ( urdu ) this be wrong ! you twisted idiot owl omar laugh he out of the house . as the door be shut they 're left laughing at each other - a beat - sofia squirt omar in the face - and he squirt her back ... CUT to : int . omar 's secret flat ( aka bomb factory ) . night *k the place be a constructive mess . bit of bomb make kit abound . White powder dry on paper plate . tupperware box , nut and bolt , tape & other bomb make kit . the microwave they will later blow up . in the kitchen several saucepan of bleach be on the boil . the extractor fan be on . cannister for make dry ice . a baby bath or two - for the acetone add stage . and fessal 's bottle all clutter the surface . Omar be at the hob . in the sit room , Hassan and waj be take it in turn to detonate small quantity of tatp on they hand . the feel be of a jackass escalation . lg 2g etc . this be instantly detectable without have to see each phase play out . Barry be sit on the floor - absorb in a construction of bolt and nail in a small tupperware box - exquisitely neat . hass that 's twice as much bro wat this one 's gonna make a mark ! hass hold hand out in trepidation . waj ignites the powder with a cooker lighter . huge flash and puff . they both collapse in shocked thrilled laughter . fessal be filming this on Hassan 's camera and turn he attention to Barry barry Jew , gay , feed , sodomite , gynaecologist , innocent bloke - do not exist - Leonard Cohen . here you give I that . you do some work . while do this Barry look up at fessal . he take the camera and turn it on fessal who hurriedly put a box on he head . hass have finish pack the cannister . waj be gorm with excitement 50 4 lions script at 31.10.09 hass this one 's go to be like a grenade . watch this bro ! Barry swing the camera over to Hassan who raise the cannister . he hurl the cannister onto the floor . boooooom !!! stun lull ... then post stunne jackass hilarity . Omar pop through from the kitchen - half delighted but also annoyed omar come on lad . why do not you just pick up the phone and call the cop ? come on . hassan sorry man . Omar pop back in . fessal - peeping out from he box be worried fessal Barry - we do not have do use that on ourselves do we Barry ? barry course we do , bro . fessal yeah but its we choice right ? Omar pop back in to leave no doubt omar fess , it be you choice bro - it can only be you choice . fessal look relieved , Omar pop back into kitchen . Barry turn camera on fessal again who retreat under he lid barry fess it be you choice right - but you have already choose to blow yourself up have not you ? fessal stand there in he box barry ( cont 'd ) have not you ? fessal stand there in he box - clear he throat . 51 38 39 40 4 lions script at 31.10.09 ext . field - day . am . *k cu of a crow sit on a fence . wearing a fag packet on its chest . fuss around this be fessal . he be wear protective can . and address the bird , mutter to himself , to brother crow - a bundle of nerve . a final reminder to brother crow - they have be through this many time before . fessal right now brother crow , you be wear that bomb so I dont have to alright ? see that , ( point to a toy house ) that 's a sex shop - US embassy or some other such slag utility . now wait there . when I say you fly to the target , when I dial this you go to heaven brother crow . inshallah he get out the remote control , and then hold up he hand signal the bird to wait , then walk run to 20 meter away - hand still up - then signal the bird to attack by point very vigourously to the sheep - shelter . still on its perch , the bird explode . fessal double take . stare at the smoking perch . then throw a animated fit . fessal be very upset , the bang scared he - and he 's lose he brother crow , for no good reason . Long lens of this rumplestiltskin like figure - freeze - a succession of sv freeze frame . CUT to : ext . citiscape . night *k firework be pop like firework in the night sky . it 's the open of a new shopping centre . cuT to int . omar' secret flat ( bomb factory ) - live room . night *k Hassan be there on he own . play a shoot they up game on he Wii / playstation . hassan yeah , what 's that Mrs thistle . no i dont want to resit my media study . stupid Mrs thistle . I dont want to retake it . you know why , cos I have find a new purpose in life , and here it be .... door bam open - Omar in he security uniform enter take off he shirt . 52 4l 4 lions script at 31.10.09 omar come on lad , let go ! he see only Hassan be there . back to Omar pull on he civvy . omar where be they ? Hassan be surprised - he think Omar know . hassan they have all go , theyre use the firework for cover . omar yeah I know , that 's my idea - why do not they wait for I ? hassan ( quick with excuse ) Barry say you say go ahead - I be just on night shift . Omar horrify . omar yeah you be . lock the door . if anyone come in look for Barry tell they you use to know he - but he 's just ( urdu ) die the death a thousand crocodile drive so far up he arse he 's wear he fuck pelvis like a balaclava . you get that ? he turn to leave . hassan can I come ? Omar have slam the door . ext . wasteground .- night . wastegound - nightvision - microwave be carry over rough ground . firework in the sky - 3 figure on ground . fessal and waj be carry the microwave the rough space . lit by a torch carry by Barry . wear can , scamper like a soldier crossing no land . every time a firework go off he dive for barry ( to fessal ) do not drop it you prick ! the across fessal be man 's cover . 53 56 42 4 lions script at 31.10.09 wat if you drop this stuff kusum brother fessal we be baked bean from here to derby . slowly , slowly . they be put the microwave down , switch on the mobile phone tape to the outside . they turn and head for cover . behind some rubbish , Barry waj and fessal wait . Barry check the sky . look at waj & the hide fessal . volley of firework . barry I be go to blow it . ready ? he look at they angrily - speed dial . bang ! the microwave go off with impressive power . Barry & waj with look of wonder , stand up - several beat . Barry be beam , chuff . then fessal pop up - glaring and terrify . wat you see that , Barry . it be fuck good . proper good . then he see Omar - approach fast . barry hello bro . oh dear bro do you miss it ? Omar chest shove Barry onto he arse . omar I tell you before do not I bro. ( to waj ) what be you lad play at . why didnt you call I waj ? wat I do not have no credit . CUT to int . omar' secret flat ( bomb factory ) stairwell . night . ** waj , fessal , Barry & Omar enter the bottom of the stairwell . Omar piss off have Barry by the arm . Barry protest . barry this break anti surveillance protocol - we should not be back here till tomorrow . ( start shaking head ) 54 4 lions script at 31.10.09 omar the protocol be you be suppose to stay back here guard the flat cause there 's a good chance that you be be monitor ! that 's Barry beat in one - but he be of course a cock . barry be that a Islamic argument brother ? I only listen to Islamic argument . omar and that be my microwave , Barry . I have it ten year that matsui . I should have be there . barry the microwave have be well sacrifice brother . omar do not screw with my jihad , Barry . barry you jihad ? omar we jihad . barry you say you jihad . omar no I do not I say we jihad . barry fess , what do he say ...? omar what do it matter - my jihad , we jihad , what 's the difference ? I make a mistake - and it 's such a small thing ? this squabble continue as waj and fessal open the door - wat eh , eh , come and have a look at this . curt to 55 43 4 lions script at 31.10.09 int . omar' secret flat ( bomb factory ) - doorway . night *k door open to reveal Hassan and Alice . jiving about ridiculously with headphone on - they be listen to Dancing in the moonlight & emit odd stupid random vocal noise & semi get it on . the flat by the way , be a mess of bottle and bomb compound . Omar have to be loud . Hassan and Alice be lose in they own box . Alice be pretty out of it - hazey - but give to sudden burst of vocal - half word - growl ! slightly scary . Hassan be get into it . hassan I be rappin . I be rappin , I be rappin in the moonlight , cos I do not need no shitlight , cos I be feelin’ alright . he take Alice 's hand and jive with they . omar hass -— Claude !! Omar chuck a shoe at Hassan - who break off he dance , look horrify . throw down can . do not know what to do next . Alice be still in she own box . Hassan in blind panic . hassan shit . omar right it 's time to go now Alice . alice why ? what 's go on ? omar nothing . we just need you to go . alice oh . oh I get it . I know what 's go on here . I know what you lot be . you lot be a bunch of paki basher . mountie boy . gay . Omar take this in for a beat . it be a decent cover . omar we be so gay . wat I be not . omar yes , you be . we all be . but mainly it 's this two . be not it norman . 56 4 lions script at 31.10.09 barry yes . omar you love it do not you . but we have get to get down to some gay business now , all of we . alice you lot be not my friend any more . she exit grandly . Omar listen for the second door slam . turn to Barry , point at Hassan . omar safe be he ! hassan she do not see anything . I swear to God she do not see the bottle and ... man I 'il sort this out , I ’1l1 sort this out man , just give I a minute and I will sort this shit out . omar yes you be go to sort it out cos you be go to kill she ! hassan kill she ?! wat ( excited ) we be gonna kill she ?! omar not ‘us 's waj . hass . hassan you want I to kill she ? barry oh what you can fuck she but you can not kill she ? what 's wrong with you ? fessal give Omar a fork . omar ( to Barry ) give he you pocket knife Barry . here we go , knife and fork , now make a fuck meal of it . I be not joke bro . do I look like I be joke . now go on you way . I want you to chop she head off and bring it back in a bucket . 57 44 4 lions script at 31.10.09 hassan chop she head off ? Hassan eye expand - Barry give he he little hook knife . Omar gesture to the door , Hassan , hardly believe he own movement approach the door . Omar let he reach it . then explosively wrong foot he . omar right we be not really gonna kill anyone be we - you fuck idiot . why dont we just call up the pig and dob ourselves in ! that would be clever wouldnt it . her body and she hand trail back to we . Hassan right in the headlight - desperate to rectify . hassan yeah yeah - omar shut up ! ( gather ) right what we go to do with all this . she 's see it now . we gotta move it now havent we . right , we be go to put it at Barry 's allotment . barry we be put it at my allotment - omar shut up Barry . solve . Problem solve . daddy 's come home and wipe everybody 's arse , have not he ? that 's what jihad 's about . it 's I wiping you arse . whoops , one minute — ( mime make phone call ) hello be that Gaza ? Omar would love to help only he 's really busy wiping up the fountain of shit spraying out the arse of ( urdu ) shitspout donkey 's crap fuck monkey 's swollen bollock dundar ! okay thank you . wat who be on the phone ? CUT to : ext . street / int . barry 's car - day . ** we see Barry 's wreck crawl , backfire , through urban street . Inside , Barry be drive with determination . on the passenger seat , Omar - perspicacious , pensive . in the back nervous waj , fessal & Hassan . 58 4 lions script at 31.10.09 all have rucksack on they lap - the explosive inside . Barry be in paranoid mode . fessal be wear can . Barry ram a speed bump . hassan slow down please . omar get we there in one piece , Barry . go easy . go easy . hassan do rattle this stuff , Barry . slow down . barry use you eye boy we get a predator . Hassan and the other look round . behind the car be a milk float . Barry floor it . hassan what , the - milk float ? that 's a milk float ! barry the fed work under cover you mug . Barry floor it then the car make a horrible thumping big end through the crank case noise omar do you fix this then Barry ? barry yes ! I fix it . it 's the part - they be jewish . omar what part in a car be jewish ? fessal spark plug . barry Jews invent spark plug to control global traffic . omar right everybody calm down . grab the gear . we be go to walk . barry check the roof boy . this could be a ambush . grind & stop . 59 4 lions script at 31.10.09 everyone pull on a rucksack contain tatp , and get out and start unload the car . they also carry shopping bag at they side . all look around - paranoid - Barry charge up . Barry start smooth fast walk round the car - try to keep he torso on the same level , like a steadicam operator . barry right one jolt and this stuff could go . right . you get to run smooth , right but you have get to run fast but you gotta run smooth with this stuff - like this . fast , slow , smooth but fast ... the other try to copy he . omar Barry we be fine ( grab barry ) lad we be fine ! but barry 's see something . barry oh yeah ? how about we be fuck surround , look ! Omar clock Matt ! 50 m off jogging towards they - think fast . omar right everybody get off the road . nobody say anything . if anybody talk I 'il make they jump up and down until they go bang . just keep you mouth shut and let I deal with this . hey man how 's it go - ( hug Matt ) nice little one pack you get go on there bro ! Omar rub Matt 's paunch - Matt almost blushes . matt you be a pint of sauce Omar . omar you manage to run a mile yet without stop for a milkshake ? matt ( pleased with self ) make that 12 mile Mr Khan ? alright lad - what 's with the bag then ? the other say ' alright 's back . then answer '' Shopping '' , '' marzipan '' '' chicken '' . 60 4 lions script at 31.10.09 omar we be about to go play football . we should grab all this kit and get down there , to the pitch , should not we . alright bro , see you in a bit . he hustle they to go . they start crossing the road - Matt notice a spare rucksack matt hey lad - wait you forget this ! he chuck it underarm ... panic Hassan make a almighty spaz up of catch it . omar ( as its pitch ) no ! hassan whah ! ( as he catch it ) haha haaa haaha ! they scuttle off - Barry drilling they on the max wall run . Matt look at Omar pretty puzzle . Omar dial up a answer . matt what 's that ? omar that bag 's full of really fragile - boot . matt fragile boot ? be they alright ? omar what ? yeah that 's just - thigh exercise innit . matt yeah ? omar quad squat - you know - squat jog - it 's for the marathon . I think you have know . matt yeah . squat jog ( mental note , and start try the move ) omar alright , man , I will see you ina bit . matt squat jog , yeah ? 61 45 4 lions script at 31.10.09 omar yeah , down , a bit lower . matt ( still nodd ) safe-age , mate . take care man . omar yeah , yeah . Matt turn to jog off - produce a ludicrous '' I and u bro on the kv '' wave . Omar return a mock version of the same , turn , Matt exit squat - jogging ccut to ext . barry 's allotment / shed - day ** Hassan and Barry have make they way to the allotment . it 's right on the edge of town , semi-rural . they be near a road but hide from view by some tree . they be safe . load they sack into the shed . waj appear through the tree look pleased with himself . wat alright brother ? Barry and Hassan be pleased to see he . they embrace . hassan ( laugh relief ) alhamdallillah bro . we skilled it wat where 's fessal ? Barry draw they attention to fessal who be now zigzagge around in a panic . barry eh boy , boy come and have a look at this . can you see he . ( to fess ) eh bro run !! ha ha ! fessal look behind he , he 's freak out by this . wat eh , brother fessal barry over the wall , fessal . waj be draw in by the exciting game . wat yeah . ( shouting ) run faster bro ! 62 46 47 4 lions script at 31.10.09 barry but not too fast ! Hassan get out he phone , start video fessal . they be all laugh . then as they watch / video it , a nervous , distract fessal leap up over a drystone wall . he fall over - right next to a sheep - and explode , take the sheep with he . Hassan , Barry and waj 's stunne expression . Hassan especially horrify . stare at the screen of he phone . Comparing it to reality - willing the two to differ . CUT to : ext . field . day *k we see Barry , Hassan , waj , run down to the site where fessal and the bomb just go off . all ( run down the hill - shouting ) fessal ! brother fess ! fessal ! ext . barry allotment / shed . day - late afternoon / eve . ** Omar run into the allotment look stunne and furious . omar where be he ? barry it be a martyr 's death . Omar glare . wat he 's go paradise innit brother Omar ? Omar who have be fight anger and disbelief finish processing the data . barry he disrupt the infrastructure . omar how do he do that ? barry he take out a sheep . magnificently take it right out . omar do he ? 63 4 lions script at 31.10.09 barry attack the food supply . hassan ( find Omar 's raging eye on he , no idea what to say , still in shock , indicate the bag ) some of it 's in there with he ( all too much ) Omar 's eye fall on the plastic sack Hassan be carry . as Omar blaze Hassan sob . Omar be very very fuck off . omar what ? hassan I could not separate it . omar so what be he , be he a martyr or be he a fuck jalfrezi ? barry he 's a martyr . omar this be bullshit . he be not a martyr barry yes he be a martyr , he 's part of the war . omar what war ? the war on kuffar sheep ? barry he 's the first hero of the final jihad . omar he 's not a hero . he 's a dickhead . and so be you . you be all dickhead . barry woah , woah , woah , brother that be out of order .. omar I have make a decision Barry , mission 's off . it 's finish , I be do with this . 64 4 lions script at 31.10.09 barry you can not handle the war brother . you be have a wobble . omar I have get nothing to have a wobble about Barry , my conscience be clear . you be the one who kill fessal ! barry I do not kill he . omar yes you do . you bring in tv paki after he make a arse of himself at a public meeting - that you should not even have be at . Hassan stir out of he state . omar cont ’d and he blow we cover . and ever since then you have have everybody so paranoid , Barry , that poor little fessal 's panicked himself to death . barry ( beat ) so really Hassan kill he ! hassan no you kill he . barry no you kill he . you hear what he say . hassan Nah , nah . you kill he more . omar I think it be a good thing he die be not it ? he 's a martyr , it 's a good thing . good point - think digest beat . barry alright I do kill he then . I martyre he . he 's up there now somewhere keep my seat warm . Hassan look trap , Omar stare at they - turn to waj . 65 4 lions script at 31.10.09 omar come on we kid let 's go . waj be split down the middle . wat I think I martyre he a bit too . ( beat ) we get to keep on ! omar you get a plan , waj ? wat blow something up ? omar what we go to blow up waj ? wat ... internet ? we 'il blow up the internet for brother fessal . ( confuse as all fuck ) we be mujahid brother yeah ! rubber dingy rapid yeah ! waj close to tear . omar no . you be not mujahid waj , you be a fuck idiot - do you think a mujahid give a ( urdu ) loony 's break fuck ( eng ) about rubber dingy rapid ? do you think he get he deen from a book call '' the cat that go to makkah '' - a book he can not even finish because its too fuck advanced for he ? I tell you what bro I have get a plan for you ( urdu ) why do not you go with psycho balloo and piss jet baghhera and go and lose yourself in the forest right and ( urdu ) you can all sit around the campfire shove grenade up you cock then blow up the internet by jump out of a tree arse first onto a laptop . effectively hand they over to Barry , slam out . they stare after he - particularly waj whose eye stare in disbelief as he go - brim . CUT to : 66 48 49 4 lions script at 31.10.09 ext . park . later - day . *k Omar trudge through park in a sad haze . medium distant traffic . Park sound . a ball skid across Omar 's path . ahmed oos Omar ! Omar look up to see Ahmed and some of he studious & beardy discussion group wait for they ball back . Omar mistime a flick up and hoof it back to they disconsolately . ahmed salaam Omar ( guardedly ) Omar clock the studiously serious face . yeah fun . omar salaam bro - you boy look like something rubbish . ( tut he head - but he 's not enjoy teasing ) ame you alright Omar ? omar yeah . yeah I be as it go . ( he 's clearly not ) listen can I ask you something ? Ahmed give he ' the face 's - studious and serious - calm certainly bulwark by 1,000 quote . omar ah , screw it . do not matter . you have already start do the face have not you ... ahmed why not come to we study group ? omar what and get a four hour dose of that face ? the floaty face of the wise bird hover on a million different quote about to do a massive wisdom shit on my head - forget it . Omar slope off ccut to int . omar' house - kitchen . night . ** Omar on a laptop on the kitchen table . he look depressed . he be on the kid website '' puffin party '' . Omar 's puffin ( puff0 - 1 ) have a speech bubble that say . 67 4 lions script at 31.10.09 omar' puffin '' sorry I shout at you we kid - can you talk ? '' he click on a speech bubble come from ( wajpuff 1 ) . this activate a stupid electronic puffin voice which say : waj' puffin ( ) '' I be not talk puffin Omar - go away '' he look lose . Sophia appear behind he . he half look round . she put a hand on he shoulder . sophia Omar what be you do ? it 's the middle of the night . what be that ? omar it 's a puffin party . sofia a what ? omar it 's a puffin party . I be talk to waj 's puffin . sofia Omar , what be you talk about ? omar it 's the boy - I leave they . Hassan 's puffin will not talk to I , waj 's puffin just tell I to piss off . Barry 's puffin 's turn all red and be hide under the pirate hat . fessal 's dead ( beat ) - he 's dead . he be carry explosive and he - trip up over a sheep - we see sofia 's brain realize this be terrible but ridiculous - omar ( mirthless harf larf ) they be total idiot , sof ! sofia well it must have be God 's plan for he to be blow up on a sheep Omar think >> ok < < but he want the full instruction booklet . 68 4 lions script at 31.10.09 omar come on , sof , how can that be God 's plan ? sofia well , it can not be God 's plan to leave the lad with Barry can it ? Omar look back - that make sense - but still . sofia come here . you be much more fun when you be go to blow yourself up , love . omar I be go to blow myself up , just not in a mosque or in a chemist or on top of a duck sofia right well if they be go to blow themselves up in the wrong place , you have get to make sure you all blow up in the right place . she kiss he gently - tenderness rise during the follow . omar sof , I can not even get they to stir they tea without smashin a winder - sofia ( soothing ) what 's you heart say ? a tiny beam in Omar 's eye . the moment be break by a voice from the doorway . mahmood oos God 's in you heart dad ! they look up startle . mahmoud have enter silently . Omar stare at mahmood lose to a dawn revelation . mahmood think the stare mean trouble . omar hey you . come here . mahmood sorry I hear talk . Sophia extend a loving arm towards he - he approach . she look at Omar because mahmood have hit the nail on the head . Omar be strike & if he be move at all he would be faintly nodd . 69 50 51 4 lions script at 31.10.09 mahmood ( to Omar ) can we finish off the story about simba 's jihad ? omar yeah we can do that tomorrow . come on off to bed . mahmood do he become a martyr eh dad ? omar do you worry , cos even if he get blow to bit , he 's go to die smile . sofia he will go straight to heaven . mahmood yeah , he ’1ll be in heaven before he head hit the ceiling . Omar be now nodd in the smallest possible way . the boy 's right . sofia know it too . love family unity open up like a flower in the sun . Omar smile & nod . they all smile at each other - the perfect sweetness of family . CUT to : ext . cityscape . day . morning . ** Bright morning . High and wide shot . of the city . CUT to : int . tram . day - day . *k Omar be on the tram . with he work bag . stare blankly . behind he the plasma screen be show news . the headline be '' asian man 's head fall out of tree '' - the news reader be read a big story . caption reveal what he 's say - strap stay and picture cut to : news reader oov '' the asian man 's head be find less than two mile from the city centre today this afternoon Steven fap discover the asian man 's head when it nearly fall on he dog out of a tree '' 70 52 53 4 lions script at 31.10.09 man walk dog - a news walkie shot . then man 's talk head describe how the dog be nearly hit as the head fall out of the tree . Omar double take as he hear the asian man 's head story . CUT to int . shopping centre - walkway . day . ** Omar walk fast - brain racing . CUT to : int . shopping centre - control room . day . ** door . Omar burst in , straight from the tram . look around . see another security guard and go straight up to he . omar yo be Matt here ? right Tim , step outside for a minute bro . I need you to go outside and get some doughnut or something . get another one . the security guard , get the message and leave Omar to talk to Matt . he stop in he track - because Matt be _ dress in a handstand clown upside down illusion costume . he be red face . Matt be not expect to see Omar , but be glad it 's he matt Omar ! you can help I with this ? he stumble around the room . to produce the illusion of leg n foot in the air - the costume force you to walk around with both arm raise . omar I get to ask you something first - but Matt 's oblivious - stick in he costume nightmare . matt I book the clown . they give I this - its the wrong way up I can not run in a wrong way up clown . they say I would order the wrong way up clown ! why would I order a wrong way up clown ? omar it 's fine , it 's fine , I can sort you one out . I can sort you out with another costume . 71 4 lions script at 31.10.09 matt I do not even know what one be - I say you be gonna cause a pile up at the marathon be that what you want ? a massive pile up & I flat to my arse in a costume I cant even bloody believe exist ?! omar I know mate easy - I gota costume - a rabbit costume at home . you can run in that . matt a rabbit ? can I run in a rabbit ? ( start to come out of it ) omar it 's amazing , panic over , do matt I be sorry , I be sorry . omar right - now you see the news ? matt ( of course ! ) oh yeah . the head ! omar yeah what do you know about that ? matt yeah they be just say it 's jihadi - they have get he , film he blow up a crow . Omar 's face be lose in space . matt its not a jihadi be it Omar ? blowin up a crow ? Omar ? Omar gather ( huge effort ) omar mm ? - nah - it 's a cultural thing we bazookax a ostrich at that wedding I be at . matt yeah ?? Matt nod and look at Omar who be lose in a very loud box . omar I gotta go Matt .. 72 54 55 4 lions script at 31.10.09 Omar leave as quickly as he come in . CUT to ext . barry house .. night . Hassan 's van park outside . CUT to : int . barry house - gym . night . knock . whisper '' who 's that ? '' more knock . barry just calm down . calm yourselves . I will go get it . alright . get out Omar . omar get out my way . Barry be let Omar into the room . waj & hass be in there . barry ( revving up ) oi . oi . you fuck off back out of the back door - you be not part of this any more ! omar right lad this be a emergency - they find fessal 's head - the head that you bury 5 ft under you shed - it fall out of a tree onto a dog . barry good - dog contradict Islam omar dibble 's onto we lad ! - dibble be on to we . Hassan , look more and more anxious and doubtful - blurt hass I tell you it be a knee ! barry that be a head it be obviously a head . hass it have a hinge ! 73 4 lions script at 31.10.09 Omar have effectively win that one - its time for a call to action omar right , so I have just see Matt right ? - Matt be run the London marathon tomorrow - he 's do it in costume - you know they run in costume ? - well so can we - we can disguise the gear in there - and it 's perfect - we get live tv - prime target - all London barry we have get a target Omar . it 's the mosque — omar when you meet God do you want to tell he I strike a blow for the brother , right , or i blow a load of they up barry blew a load of they up - he 'il love that he will get it omar come on lad ! waj ? hass be freeze between barry and omar . waj be not wat I be not on you side any more brother omar Omar strike beat waj ( cont 'd ) you rip I up bro barry marshallah . waj be nearly cry . Omar have to dig deep omar waj bro ... I be really sorry . my head be in a mess cause of fessal but I should have stay . wat why do not you then ? omar coz i make a mistake . but you do not ( more ) 74 56 57 4 lions script at 31.10.09 omar ( cont would ) you listen to you heart and you do the right thing . barry no ignore he waj . he 's be nice . you can not win a argument just by be nice . omar I be not just by be nice baz . I be right as well be not I ? barry also - you can not win a argument just by be right . omar no ? barry no . no way . wat I think maybe you can Barry ? barry who ask you fuckbrain ? beat - this decide it for waj . ext . STREET - outside house -. night Police van pull up in the street and cut engine . Northern armed response . CUT to : int . barry house - gym . night . wat Barry 's not a good emir brother Omar ! he make I do bad stuff in the wood omar like what ? wat he say if I be a proper mujahid , I have wiz in I own mouth . hass ( do not know this ) you make he wee in he own gob ? 75 58 59 60 4 lions script at 31.10.09 omar what be wrong with you bro ? barry it 's submission , it 's the rule of submission . wat it feel bad brother - it 's not too tricky once you get the aim right but it just feel like really proper wrong - all wee splashin off you tooth he 's upset - hurt - post traumatic . ext STREET . outside house . night - continuous *k Northern armed officer start move silently up street . int . barry house - gym . night . *k omar bro , I swear kusum bro I may ask you to blow yourself up but I will never ask you to piss in you own mouth . wat yeah ? omar yeah bro promise . wat ( smile ) no more widdle in I gob . omar promise bro . rubber dinghy rapid they hug . waj hold tightly onto omar wat rubber dinghy rapid . ext . STREET . outside house . night - continuous ** Northern armed Officer 's . in position . wait . a door ramming team move into position . 76 61 62 4 lions script at 31.10.09 int . barry house - gym . night . *k barry see this brother hass - it 's gay at work - it 's not muslim - it 's gay . Omar - still catch in waj 's bearish hug , want to address hassan . he disengage , rotate waj by 90 degree , go back to hugging but this time he can see Hassan past waj omar ( cont 'd ) ok brother hass , marathon or mosque ? hass either way we be go to blow right ? barry yeah . to piece bro omar yeah . but die smile bro . we cam see that hass be trap but can not escape - and even in this state he can see omar 's way be better than barry 's hass ( look between they ) wick . wick yeah man . ( go for it ) let blow up a load of fit slag at the marathon yeah ? hass hurl himself into the waj - Omar hug . waj 's arm he in . they be cling on to Omar like he 's they rock . omar come on Barry . we be lion bro !. four lion . they be laugh at he now . Barry be disgust CUT to : int . ahmed 's house - doorway - night - continuous *k blam ! the Northern armed Officer 's ram the jack door down . noise - dog ( oov ) !. and they be into the hall and all over Ahmed 's house . 8 or so lad be kneel , praying , lead by Ahmed : northern armed officer # 1 on the floor now ! now ! on the floor . what the fuck be this eh ? 77 63 64 65 4 lions script at 31.10.09 they be already all on the floor . hand over head . the armed officer show Ahmed the water pistol . northern armed officer # 2,3,4,5 get on the floor ! shut the fuck up ! show I you hand ! shut the fuck up ! get on the floor ! shut the fuck up ! shut the fuck up ! the police rip open another door to reveal a closet contain three very surprised look muslim lady cramped together on wooden chair drink tea . CUT to : ext . hospital . A&E drop off point . - night 2 am . ** Omar pull up in Hassan 's Van . CUT to : int . hassan be van . - night 2 am ** Omar jump out . he turn to three expectant face . take key omar I 'il be two minute . spin towards hospital entrance . CUT to : int . a & E. hospital . — night . *k Omar through a busy A&E . he spot Sophia at she workstation : triage nurse . & he see she 's talk to a police officer . he think a moment , he 's get to do this , slip behind a screen , emerge with clipboard & stethoscope , put on white coat and stride straight towards she - interrupt the cop . during this sofia hold back the five mad monkey try to leap out of she face . omar ( full of conviction despite the word ) right nurse . still on shift . so get the stat back from cubicle seven - it need more blood supplies for - the knee . sofia ( all she question in this one ) the what ? omar yeah , the knee string . the knee string 's come off . ( now he need she to get this ) ( more ) 78 66 67 68 69 70 4 lions script at 31.10.09 omar ( cont would ) I have finish my shift now . so I be go to take my team up to the top floor . right . so I will see you up there . ( beat ) yeah ? sofia okay . Omar wink at the cop . omar ( to police ) alright lad . you go to arrest I ? well carry on . - and leave . CUT to : ext . hassan 's van / motorway . night . dark ** vehicle swooshes past . CUT to : int . hassan 's van . night . dark . ** the gang be en route now . Omar be drive , Barry next to he , waj and Hassan be behind they . .. deep in think . Omar check they out - thoughtful face - Barry pretty suspicious - Omar switch on the CD player - Hassan 's jihadi song - start hum along ... look at Barry who 's have only the barest of it - Hassan and waj a bit more .... esp when Omar mime with the fire gun CUT to : ext . hassan 's van / motorway . night . dark ** vehicle swooshes past CUT to : ext hassan '’s van / motorway . pre dawn ** Van bomb past cam again - it 's a bit lighter . Dawn . int . hassan 's van . just after dawn . ** even higher spirit . hard to say who be lead the sing . easy to see Barry be not happy . 79 71 113 72 73 4 lions script at 31.10.09 all Dancing in the moonlight everybody 's feel warm and bright such a fine and natural sight every body 's dance in the moonlight . CUT to ext hassan's van motorway . after dawn . ** Hassan 's Van approach London . CUT to : ext . london establishers . day . ** Wide - marathon day . CUT to : ext . backstreet by railway arch , woolwich . day . ** in a shut for Sunday no cam back alley the guy be put on they bomb belt , they be shield from view by the Van . they keep watch but they be in a relatively safe spot . waj be put on he belt with great care . Omar fix the detonator . Barry be fix up Hassan 's detonator , do some complicated work round he back . Hassan be a bit nervous . they costume be half on . Omar be a honey monster , waj be a sexy ostrich , Barry - still sulk - be a ninja turtle and Hassan have the upside down clown we see matt struggle with . there be a air of final purpose . omar come on lad we be late . it 's alright there now . nearly do we kid . ok ? wat mujahid brother barry mijahid . wat mujahid , brother Hassan . hassan ( force himself ) mujahid ! 80 4 lions script at 31.10.09 wat ( he look reflectively down at he bomb belt ) defo right thing yeah bro ? omar what ? wat blowin up kuffar and that ? totally legit yeah ? omar yeah . wat good . Nah , wick , I be just check and that . Hassan have notice this and we see he tuning in and follow less biddably than waj . omar waj - do not listen to you brain bro - the shaitan get in there with he wasawasa ! what you gotta do , you get to listen to you heart , remember . wat yeah my heart brother Omar . omar so what 's you heart say ? wat well ... it say er - ' it 's wrong waj . do not do it . ' omar and what do you brain say ? wat er ...'we be here , together , all strapped up , and it would be like , well pathetic to cop out now . ' omar right ( think ) barry so he should listen to he brain ! omar no he 's get to listen to he heart , Barry ! ( more ) 81 4 lions script at 31.10.09 omar ( cont would ) this be waj 's brain we be talk about - since when do we listen to waj 's brain ( to waj ) sorry bro . wat no I agree I be thick as fudge . barry his brain say do it - so he brain 's gotta be right ! omar that can not be he brain , that 's he heart , Barry ! wat feel like I brain brother . omar yeah ok this be what 's happen ( pause to get he own head straight ) ) what 's happen be shaitan have confuse you . he 's swap round you brain and you heart . so do not listen to what you think be you heart - cos that 's actually you brain ! it 's in disguise , as you heart . right ? and what you think be you brain - that 's you heart . that 's actually you heart . waj be practically hallucinate in bafflement . wat er. my brain be my heart . ( look at he chest and to Omar again ) waj start to latch on to something . Omar tap waj 's head . omar you get it we kid ? wat er ... ( he be sort of get it ) - oh yeah . omar so what 's up there ? wat heart . omar okay . yeah . follow you heart . waj get it - flood with relief - back on track . 82 4 lions script at 31.10.09 wat Nice one brother . alhamdallillah ! omar ( hug he ) alhamdallillah bro . hassan ( interrupt ) hey ! Omar look to where Hassan be point omar ( mutter in urdu ) bhenchoad ! - two police car at the end of they lane - a cop come up towards they . Barry mutter . barry . come and get it you feed fuck ! omar everbody calm down . bigger picture . we be do a fun run for a kid 's charity . stretch , stretch . we be run for kid , for charity , for kid , policeman 's kid . you alright officer ? the cop be there . patrol policeman late for the fun run lad ? omar ( join in the time awareness ) oh yeah . er ... yeah we be actually . barry what 's it to you ? omar er , do you know how we can get to the red zone ? pause . have this work ? the cop scrutinize Hassan . patrol policeman ( friendly - to Hassan ) you can not run in that can you ? omar he just draw the short straw . it 's still horribly uncertain the cop be buy this then ... 83 4 lions script at 31.10.09 patrol policeman four short straw be there ? he grin - a very slight version of Omar start laugh - urging the other to laugh with he . patrol policeman Red zone , it 's back down there , leave , second leave again , and there 's marshall , they will tell you where to park ( think they be daft ) you be gonna die in that gear lad ! omar more than likely ( glint of irony ) more laughter . for Hassan this irony be not so merry . hassan hhyeah ! ( irony not runny ) omar it 's all for a good cause though . have a good day officer ! patrol policeman well , good luck . the officer leave . they pretty much hold they breath as he walk away . then they turn towards the van . Hassan 's eye bulge as he watch the cop leave . he 's now about 50 yard away . suddenly Hassan burst towards the police car . wat bloody hell . barry shit ! omar what the fuck 's he do ? Hassan pull he head free of the costume & stick he hand up . he 's in a total panic . hassan help ! help . I be accidentally a suicide bomber ! I be go to blow . patrol policeman ( suddenly point with both hand - lock Hassan down ) stop ! Hassan stop . 84 4 lions script at 31.10.09 barry he 's bottled it ! omar maybe it 's he costume - the leg make the hand go up . hassan I have get a bomb but it 's a mistake . barry Nah , nah , nah he say he 's get a bomb . patrol policeman you get a bomb ?! hassan yes but I be not a bomber ! barry do not worry . we see Barry have a phone , he 's surreptitiously dial it . patrol policeman this be a fuck bad prank mate ! hassan no no no ! I be real ! ( anxiously adjust the sense ) but not any more ! patrol policeman ( scream ) you 're real but not any more I don't understand ! have you got a bomb ? ! hassan ( shouting he head off ) yes I have but its not go off . patrol policeman how do I know that ?!! hassan ( emphasize hand up scream ) look ! and Hassan immediately explode . the cop - 15 metre from he be knock over . there be a beat of shock and disbelief . the cop pick themselves off the floor . Omar , Barry and waj stay immobile a beat then . 85 74 4 lions script at 31.10.09 omar we gotta go ! we need to go . now ! go! go! and Barry 's off - then Omar with waj , into the side lane . CUT to : ext . side lane / street - day . continuous *k they stop , down a side lane . Barry look back - ina thrilled haze about what he 's just do wat ( mutter ) mater choad , behn choad ... omar bring waj back into focus omar waj ! waj ! do you best to try and find some target ! do you best ! see you on the top floor we kid ! wat radisson style - penthouse suite ! omar go , smooth run waj . barry smooth run waj , smooth run . they hug , then waj run off smooth fast with a smile - he course bend to the leave . we see this wide in a open space . Barry snort contemptuously - a terrible party in he head . omar ( slamm / choke he against a wall ) you kill Hassan . barry yeah ! he bottled ! omar you take away he choice . you de - martyre he . barry do waj have a choice when you tell he he heart be he brain ? and he gob be he ring piece ? you tomatoed you friend . you have kill the special need donkey 86 75 76 77 78 79 4 lions script at 31.10.09 omar no I have not . barry let he blow , let the retard blow . barry enjoy this cruelly . omar scarper . barry pick up he head & shout after he . CUT to : ext . street . day - continuous ** the three of they smooth-runn - adrenalize near panicked but smooth as possible run - eye darting everywhere for cop . a siren go off . but no sign of cop . see waj run through column , Barry and Omar run down same street , but do not meet . CUT to : ext . over head - marathon race . day . ** General shot of the race still happen . distant siren . CUT to : ext . back street / marathon . day . ** Omar backstreet max wall free run - check everywhere , upwards too : copter - turn corner , see race 20 meter ahead . stop . CUT to : ext . side road . day . *k waj smooth fast fool gait - see cop up ahead - oh shit ! and be down a side road - siren start up . run waj ! CUT to ext . back alley of kebab shop . day . ** waj be run . look up . copter . he look ahead . a cop car . he duck down the back alley of a terrace of business . siren . and suddenly two cop ahead - at the far end of the alley - on radio and point . waj spot a open door at the back of one of the premise , run across the back yard , and through it - the back half of a kebab shop - continuous to : 87 80 81 82 4 lions script at 31.10.09 int . kebab shop / ext . front of kebab shop / STREET . day ** he pelt through that and out of the front . Police ! running down the street . 3 from one side , 2 and a motorbike from the other . he shout at they all . revealing he bomb . wat I be load ! I be fuck load ! the police stop in they track . waj be fleetingly chuff . then back into the kebab shop . there 's four guy in there seat and two guy behind the counter , Ali and nabil , all asian . wat shut it ! the metal . shut it . one lad scrabble over and flick the switch for the metal shutter . wat right lad , see this . ( pull open jacket - reveal bomb ) any of you do anything , we be all turn baked beanz alright . hold up switch . waj cont'd no fuck mess now , yeah . off they terrify bemusement CUT to : ext . marathon race . day . ** Omar - the honey monster - be now actually run ( like max wall ) in the body of runner in the marathon . he 's run so stupidly the crowd cheer he past . he wave . curt to ext . sniper rooftop . day . ** two sniper - be position behind a balustrade . radio control ( 0.s. ) active target be ostrich and a Grizzly bear . ostrich and Grizzly bear be target . sniper look at each other train they sight . CUT to : 88 83 84 85 86 87 4 lions script at 31.10.09 ext . rifle sight - marathon . day . ** scan view down the rifle sight . 200 runner run towards and past camera - include a wookie . - view sweep back 20 metre , we see Omar too . CUT to : ext . sniper rooftop . day . *k back on the roof : sniper 3 be aim and shoot , on the shot . CUT to : ext . marathon race . day . ** runner - blam - a wookie go down . CUT to : ext . sniper rooftop . day . *k sniper 3 ( into radio ) the bear be down repeat the bear be down . ( to sniper 4 ) I get the bear ! sniper 4 ( look through the sight ) I think it 's a wookie - it 's a wookie . sniper 3 its not it 's a bear . sniper 4 ( to radio ) be a wookie a bear , Control ? CUT to : ext . marathon race . day . ** Omar be stop . ahead of he the wookie be down - the immediate area be block - police and marshal appear - people rush around - shout .. CUT to : 89 4 lions script at 31.10.09 ext . sniper rooftop . day . radio message ( 0.s. ) correction honey monster . target bear be now target honey monster . 88 sniper 4 ( ask radio ) be a honey monster a bear ? radio message ( 0.s. ) a honey monster be not a bear . sniper 3 ( swipe radio ) a honey monster be a bear . a honey monster be down . he be the target . he be a bear . radio message ( 0.s. ) the honey monster be down ? CUT to : ext . rifle sight - marathon . day . there be Omar through the sight - stand look daze . CUT to : 89 ext . marathon race . day . Omar 's route be block now by chaos . he look up - helicopter . 90 CUT to : ext . sniper rooftop . day - continuous sniper 4 ( into radio ) the honey monster be not down control . we have a wookie down . radio message ( 0.s. ) what 's a wookie ? 91 sniper 3 ( shout at 4 ) a bear it 's a bear ! sniper 4 ( t o3 ) no - it be a wookie - but you have just shot it as a bear sniper 3 ( back to radio ) its a bear ! 90 92 93 4 lions script at 31.10.09 sniper 4 ( interrupt & to 4 ) no ! the wookie be down and the wookie be not the target sniper 3 well it must be the target I just shot it ! curt to int . kebab shop . day . the door be lock , the shutter down . waj be sit down with a kebab - munch - the hostage be stare at he in terror . he 's take off he ostrich & be enjoy the grub . wat I will just finish this then we be all off to heaven alright . Martyrs suite , VIP lounge . nabil stand with he hand up pluck up courage . nabil you gonna kill we ? wat ( think , have to conclude yes ) might av’ some second but I kind of be , yeah . nabil why ? wat for Jihad man ! - kuffar and that ? nabil but alhamdallillah , we support jihad bro . wat I cant explain it lad but if brother Omar be here I swear he would tell you knowledge proper good . flummox face . CUT to : ext . STREET outside kebab shop . - day . ** Police siren , helicopter overhead . a car pull up . a man with a beard and skullcap step out like the cavalry . nod at the uniform police . one of they hand he a phone . 91 94 95 4 lions script at 31.10.09 he accept it with smug entitlement . the negotiator have arrive . int . pret . day - ** Omar sit down at a table look out on to the street - take he honey monster head off - put it on table - look round . he pull out he phone to call waj . noxious man clear he throat noisily behind omar . omar look round . noxious man , who be reading the sunday time , point self rigtheously to he quiet zone t-shirt . omar acknowledges - too distracted to be pissed off . the know all make a some -people-have-no-knowledge-of-elementary — thermo - physics face to he wife . intercut with : CUT to : int pret - intercut with - int . kebab shop . day . *k we inter - cut between the kebab shop and prét . wat Omar ? omar waj ? wat be you in paradise bro ?! omar no bro , I be in a cafe . where be you ? wat in a kebab shop . I have get hostage and everything , like x- box counter Strike ! omar listen waj ... wat thing be they be all brother - i still get point for takin they with I though ? like nectar card ? reassuring face to the lad . omar no waj listen - you get to let they go . keep one of they 92 ( look at waj take waj take 4 lions script at 31.10.09 wat eh ? omar ( think fast ) maybe keep one of they back - but let the rest of they all go . wat ok ( shruggish ) right you stay , but you three can go . go ! nabil - point ) omar now waj , listen to I . what you say about this be wrong ? you be right - it be wrong . wat eh ? what do you mean ? omar for you . for you waj . what you do be wrong . wat yeah , I know , it feel really wrong bro . but that 's why it 's right , yeah ? omar no you be confuse bro wat I be not confuse brother . omar yes you be confuse , I confuse you ! wat I be not confuse brother , when I be confuse I get my confuse face . wait . a picture of himself on he phone . waj ( cont 'd ) bro I have just take a picture of my face . it 's deffo not my confuse face . I will send it you . the phone from he ear , ring off and start to text the picture . 93 98 4 lions script at 31.10.09 omar waj , waj listen to I . in the cafe , barry suddenly run in swipe the phone barry ( mock ) waj ? waj ? listen to I . it 's too late to stick you hand up he arse now ! barry legs it to the door . omar follows . omar exit and barry wump he in the nut . barry . ah , look at the paki bono , wanna call he ? you wanna call the special need donkey . ( hold up phone , laugh ) barry be walking backward & laughing and fiddling with omar 's phone - taking the SIM card out . he hold up the phone barry ( cont 'd ) here you go . he chuck the phone at the stunned omar - and pointedly pop the SIM card in he mouth and start to chew , backing away into the STREET . barry you forget the simcard . suddenly he choke . barry ( cont 'd ) fuck ! barry panicking now - he can't breathe . he’s stand there , still , doubling over and choking . noxious man brush officiously past omar . noxious man mind out . mind out the way he head across to barry . noxious man ( cont ’d ) easy chap - ok . barry 's eye be wide - tries to gesture '' no , no ! '' as noxious man goe behind he - lining up for a hefty heimlich noxious man ( cont ’d ) its fine I can heimlich 94 96 97 4 lions script at 31.10.09 omar ( to noxo ) do not - — noxious man I have do this before sonny . now there we be now , now do not fight it . omar legs it . barry wheeze to stop he but can't speak - noxo prep himself for the full anti choke manoeuvre noxious man ( cont ’d ) and catch the peanut .... barry 's eye like fried egg . heil heimlich . barry blows . CUT to : ext . kebab shop / STREET - day . Police car / armed officer ( kebab shop armed response ) be gather at the end of the kebab shop street . CUT to : int . kebab shop intercut with ext . kebab shop / STREET - day . ** waj be at the table with nabil , the hostage . nabil be shiver , he 's wrapping himself up tight in he puffa jacket . look very nervous . waj put a arm round he , and offer he a morsel from he plate that he 's happily eat . then waj 's phone ring . he look shocked , take it out of he pocket . waj ( cont 'd ) ( read screen ) ' number withheld . ' ( to nabil ) I do not do ' number withheld ' . nabil please . it could be important wat ( remember ! ) hey yeah maybe I have win a iphone ?! - hallo ? hostage negotiator ( 0.s. ) waj ? wat have I win ? ( wink at nabil ) 95 4 lions script at 31.10.09 hostage negotiator waj ? this be Ed , I be with special branch , I be just outside ... wat how do you get this number ? hostage negotiator waj can we talk . wat have you get like , agent work at Orange ? you have get double agent work at Orange have not you ? hostage negotiator I be sorry ? wat I know I should have go 02 . I have get load of mate on 02 ... hostage negotiator look , waj . what be you demand ? wat I do not have any . 98 int / ext . phone shop . day . Omar , lose he nut , run into a phone shop . omar Excuse I mate . can I have a simcard for this phone please ? phone shop guy not for this model , but we can sort you out for you if you want to come with I . omar ? can you make this work . I need it . be it on ? phone shop guy it 's only a display model , do you want it ? omar yeah . I need it . phone shop guy Gordon . can you get this phone for I please mate . 96 4 lions script at 31.10.09 99 int . kebab shop intercut with ext . kebab shop / STREET - day . *k hostage negotiator waj , why be you do this ? wat rubber dingy rapid hostage negotiator sorry ? wat rubber dingy rapid bro - fast track - straight on the ride - like alton tower - no queue hostage negotiator you like funfair then waj ? wat its not a funfair bro its a theme park ! funfair ?! how old be you ? alton tower get a spa bro ! 100 int phone shop . day . *k omar ? just now , I need it now . the contract ? phone shop guy alright mate , what do you want 12 month contract ? omar just any . phone shop guy alright mate , easy bro , easy , I be do it for you . 101 int . / ext kebab shop . day *k wat ok I think I be gonna go now bro . hostage negotiator wait ! what about girl waj - I bet you like the lady ... wat ( laugh ) be this you first time bro - you a virgin at this ? 97 4 lions script at 31.10.09 hostage negotiator please waj - can we talk about girl ? 102 int . phone shop . day omar just fill that out now . get out a credit card . phone shop guy what sort of call plan would you like ? we have get the labrador ? the Dragon ? how about the hermit crab ? it 's eighteen hundred free text . Omar look defeat , run out phone shop guy hey mate , I have still get you card . 101 103 int . kebab shop day . wat alright we can talk about girl - hostage negotiator right so what sort of girl be you into then waj . wat well ... you know - one with big jubbly n that ? hostage negotiator yesh you like they big waj ? wat oh yeah - and nice fit arse man ! hostage negotiator you be a arse man be not you waj ? I know you be bro - you be a arse man . you be a massive arse man , 4 lions script at 31.10.09 wat ( hang on ) what you sayin ? hostage negotiator I be say you be a arse man waj waj put he phone on speaker to include nabil in the joke . wat you give I the batty chirp bro ?! you call I a whammer ? hostage negotiator no-1i ... wat fuck off ! click off . waj cont 'd ( to nabil ) fuckin boy George ! nabil 's vex mush . CUT to : CUT to : 104 ext street . ** Omar run try to find the kebab shop . 105 int . kebab shop - day ** nabil be stare at waj wonder how the hell he day turn into this . wat do not worry brother nabil ( hand nabil the bomb belt ) hold on to this . when I press clicker , just think about takin out the kuffar - you will be in paradise before I bro ! nabil ( sit there too terrify to move the bomb ) but - there 's no kuffar here bro . wat yeah , but ( look confuse then ding ! ) brother fessal 's a martyr and he only blow up a sheep . 99 4 lions script at 31.10.09 nabil I think you might be confuse brother . wat I be not . nabil you look confuse . beat for nabil to fail to respond . 106 ext . crowded STREET ( ext . drug & beauty shop ) - day . *k Omar , now a headless honey monster . Omar hide from a pass copter under a project lip of architecture . scurries out & round a corner into a more crowded street and immediately bump into Matt , in he rabbit gear . he look anxious and emotional . he have cut and bruise . and the impact knock he over . matt ahhh ! omar sorry man ! matt oww ! omar Matt ! Matt ! yeah , man listen you get a signal on you phone ? matt Omar ! what you doin here ? omar ( part of he pull into focus ) I 'il level with you Matt I be mi5 . special under cover job - I ’mer , a spook . matt ( still stunne at the mi5 drop ) what ? what 's go on ? omar ( beat ) father for justice . ( while dial waj ) they have team up with the real ira , it 's a real nightmare scenario . just give I five . matt ( bloody hell ) Jesus . 100 107 108 4 lions script at 31.10.09 int . kebab shop . day / intercut with omar on STREET waj 's phone ring again . wat Fucking unknown number again . be that whammer cop go straight to hell or what ? what you do . desperate , nabil grab the phone and answer it . nabil hello . omar ? bro , it 's Omar . nabil Omar ? waj grab the phone off he omar waj . wat tell I what to do bro . I think I might be confuse but I be not sure . omar . listen bro , do what I do right . you do same as I ok ? wat yes brother I 'il do the same as you omar ( think - tactical - lie ) right , ok , I be gonna give myself up bro . wat eh ? omar . I be gonna give myself up bro . cop burst in and shoot nabil . ext shopping precinct - continuous omar hear the gun down the phone omar waj ! waj !!! 101 109 4 lions script at 31.10.09 int / ext . kebab shop wk waj blinking . he phone on the floor - omar 's tiny shout just audible . waj can hear it - call over to it . wat brother , what be I do brother ? omar 0 / S waj !t !! wat what be I do brother ? omar waj , waj , pick up the phone . wat no , what be I do ? cop you alright mate ? waj turn , confuse , half smiling . wat I be sorry lad i do not really know what I be do . kebab shop blows . CUT to : ext . kebab shop / STREET - day 13 . ** the kebab shop blow up . CUT to : ext . shopping precinct . day ** omar hear a huge noise on he phone and ambiently in the precinct . omar look utterly lost - blown away matt ( bloody hell ) what be that ? what be that ? omar look mile away - fighting back tear - matt ( cont 'd ) be you alright ...? Omar be you alright . 102 112 113 114 4 lions script at 31.10.09 omar sees cop at two seperate point of precinct - he look round - sees chemist - make a decision . omar now you stay here . and you tell they I be smile . matt what ? omar smile on my face . could be important . matt right . smile , be there ? omar be actually crying omar yeah . he turn - start walking away . matt where be you go ? Omar ? omar turn back and walk toward chemist . matt be puzzle . rear view of omar go away toward chemist . cu omar 's face as he walk toward threshold of chemist . he be pushing himself on against wave of sadness rear view see omar disappear into the shop . CUT to matt still taking it all in bang ! fade out . end credit *k ext . raf airforce base - - day . dawn *k we see a hangar in the distance and the quiet flat surroundings of norfolk . CUT to : int . hanger - day . dawn ** the huge hangar be empty except for a single large shipping container . it do not look large . it look very lonely - by itself in the huge space . 103 145 146 4 lions script at 31.10.09 there be a couple of guard at the doorway of the hanger ( the human not the plane doorway which be shut ) CUT to : int . container , airforce base - day . dawn *k the container interior be bare . two US private security guard stand behind Alex - who be seat across a desk from Ahmed - dress as a extraordinarily render detainee - and seat uncomfortably on a metal chair . alex this be raf mildenhall . but it 's acually Egypt . when you enter the base , you leave Britain and you pass through US jurisdiction and into this container which be internationally recognise as the sovereign territory of Egypt , you be now in Egypt . he push a little egyptian flag across the table . alex cont ’d there be some pretty hellish egyptian behind that door there . they use electrode , drill - ( he 's genuinely upset by this ) and biro refill ... do you know what I mean ? ahmed please ! I do not know anything about my brother ! alex we know a lot more than you think we do . Alex look genuinely outrage . Ahmed be wild eye , trap . Alex hold up a weetabix as if this will help prompt something from Ahmed . needless to say it do not . CUT to : clip of Matt as eyewitness convinced it be not Omar and someone need to ask some proper question .... matt right let get one thing straight - Omar Khan he have nothing to do with this . ( more ) 104 4 lions script at 31.10.09 matt ( cont would ) I know he - I work with he - you know he be actually work for mi5 ? cos he tell I that himself curt to clip of malcolm storge mp comment on the siege say malcolm storge mp the report make crystal clear that the police shot the right man but as far as I be aware the wrong man explode . be that clear . clip of hassan VID hassan we da muslimeen - we make some terrible scene now you wanna know what da boom boom mean ? its like tupak say when I die I be not dead fight and be slain . die with no pain get shaheed in mar heed 4 mar creed I daa-heed ! we be the martyr - you just smashed tomataz ( he be interrupt mid flow ) what ? ( more muffle ) I say '' da - heed '' - like die . ( more muffle ) it be clear . da-heed !. daaa -h - eeed . it do not sound stupid ! its like with respect bro you get bad fuckin knowledge - you like maroon five ! clip of matt matt see what that video show be just a bunch of lad muck about - it 's role play , it 's game innit . we have see they do that . probably make film themselves pretend to be footballer , or cricketer , or technician . I have get a friend who pretend to be a technician . clip fessal martyr VID with a BOX on he head clip of matt 105 4 lions script at 31.10.09 matt when we talk about the so call terrorist attack on the London marathon , we should remember one thing , most loud bang be not bomb , they be scooter backfire . clip of sheik 's camp news footage news reader oov clip of omar and waj martyr VID end *k 106