" four room " screenplay by allison ander Alexandre rockwell Robert rodriguez quentin tarantino MAIN title as presentation credit begin , we hear johnny Cash 's " Home of the blue . " then we see allison 's name , under it Alex 's , under that Robert 's , under that quentin 's , then under that the title logo for four room , follow by " star Tim roth as the bellboy . " then " the guest " list in alphabetical order of all the actor play guest . after the actor ' name , we ... fade up on a wall the camera pan down a weathered wall cover with postcard from Miami Beach , Florida , the copacabana , n.y.c. , " wish you be here " from Niagara Falls , rickshaw and babe on beach , etc .... the camera come to rest on a old photograph of a 1930s hotel , the " mon signor , " in its heyday , with a full staff of 30 people pose on the lawn in front . a old guy with a staccato voice deliver a monologue : voice -over there use to be a staff of fifty in this place . I be the only one leave from that day . it all come down to one sap : the night - shift bellhop , that 's I . what the hell be a bellhop ? you know where the name come from ? ( silence ) of course not ... it 's so simple it 's stupid . they ring a bell and you hop . you hop to front and center . no heroes in this line , kid . just man do a job . no question ask , none answer . I try to keep it simple , kid , not too personal ... another voice of a young man interrupt . ted you meet any of that old star ? the old guy star ! be you kid I ? I take rin tin tin out for a shit , for Christ 's sake . I teach shirley Temple how to roller-skate . I see fatty arbuckle regurgitate three cheese sandwich right on the spot you be sit , kid . what do you say you name be ? ted Ted . the old guy Ted , right . I remember Marilyn use to come down at night and doze off in the kitchen . she like the sound of the fan out back spin around . sure , this be star , kid . errol Flynn use to call I " alibi . " you will pick up a few storey yourself , kid . ted I do not think so , not like yours . the old guy what do you think a star do when he go to the bathroom , kid ? ted beat I . the old guy he pull he pants down and take a crap just like you and I . take my word for it . a wisp of smoke pass over a napkin pin to the wall with a lip print on it sign " Marilyn . " the camera pull back to reveal Ted and the Old guy sit on a foldout cot in a small back room of the Hotel mon signor . the old man be dress in a stripe T-shirt with a bellhop 's cap on . he look like a old pirate . next to he on the bed sit Ted , a young guy with a bellhop jacket drape over he knee . the old bellhop take a long drag off a big cigar . the old guy camacho ! ted who ? the old guy the cigar . Cuban . a good cigar , wrap in Miami . I get a box of they every Christmas from the chairman of the board . I think he send they to I to keep my mouth shut . it 's tough not to get a little personal in this business . the old bellhop take a hit off he cigar and stare down at he cap , lose in think . ted what do you mean ? the old guy pass the cap over to Ted . the old guy put it on . Ted put the cap on . the old guy frankly , you look stupid ... like the Philip Morris guy . I can not believe I wear that thing for fifty year . you keep it . the Old guy get up from the bed and throw a jacket on . pull a few postcard off the wall , throw they in a old straw suitcase , and slam the lid down . he head for the door . Ted follow . the old guy stay away from night clerk , kid , hooker , and marital dispute . the Old guy pause for a second and look Ted dead in the eye . the old guy never have sex with the clientele . ted no way , not I . you get any other advice . the old guy always get a tip . the door slam shut on the back room . int . HOTEL lobby --twilight the big empty lobby of the mon signor . you can tell that at one point this use to be a swank place . it still be , kinda . it 's also kinda decrepit . the concierge -- a snappy , fast - talk , red-haire young woman in a blue blazer name Betty -- stand behind the reception desk . the old man , suitcase in hand , make a beeline through the lobby , head toward the front door . Betty see he . betty Sam ! hey , Sam , wait a minute ! the Old guy stop in he track and turn around . the old guy what ? Betty come from behind the desk . betty I just want to say good - bye . the old guy who be you ? betty uhhh , Betty . the concierge . you boss . the Old guy squint he eye at the young gal . the old guy oh yeah . gotta light , sister ? goddam cigar go out . betty yeah , sure . she speak to the Old guy as she light he cigar and he puff away . betty I just want you to know , from the owner and all the staff , you fifty year of service have be a inspiration to we all . you be a legend in you own time , and the mon signor will never be the -- the old guy just forward my cigar , Red . ( he turn around the walk out , say over he shoulder ) aufwiedersehen ! Betty be leave stand in the lobby . Ted appear behind she in he bellbody uniform , san cap . ted Sam the bellboy . now there be a man . betty yeah . oh , hi , teddy . ready to start the night shift ? ted yeah . betty well , let I buy you a drink . ted you wanna buy I a drink ? I be start my shift . betty you be not a alcoholic , be you ; one drink will not kill you . ted yeah , sure . they walk out of frame . in the empty frame we super : new year eve 7:00 p.m. int . back room --night Betty and Ted sit in the back room , both with drink in they hand . this dialogue be to be deliver rapid fire , Howard hawk style . betty after fifty year , Sam retire , and you be take over the night shift . ted correct . betty you be fill some mighty big shoe . ted oh , I know . betty Sam be a legend in the hotel business . ted oh , I know ... betty a bellhop 's bellhop . ted a inspiration to we all . betty he run the night desk for fifty year , all by himself . ted a amazing man . betty no desk clerk . no night man . no help . just fuckin ' Sam , and he wit . ted a man alone . betty and you be gonna do the same . ted I know . betty tonight . Ted spew he drink . ted tonight ! betty yes , tonight . ted I can not . betty yes , you can . ted no , I can not . I never work the night shift before . betty oh night shift -- smight shift . ted we be suppose to work it together . betty I know , but I can not . ted why not ? betty I be have a New Year 's Eve party . ted since when ? betty actually , I be not have it . my roommate be . and there 's this guy . german guy . he 's gonna be there . and so be I . ted I can not run this place by myself . betty oh , sure ya can . ted no , I can not . betty Sam run this place by himself for fifty year . ted yeah , and he have fifty year of fuckin ' practice , too . I have not have a day . betty look , teddy , calm down -- ted -- do not call I teddy . betty Ted , the night 's cake . it 's easy . the day 's when it 's busy . during the night there 's nothing to do . ted it 's New Year 's Eve . betty which will make it less busy than normal . ever work on Christmas ? unless you sell turkey , business be dead . you just get butterfly , that 's all . ted what I have be not butterfly . I can not handle this hotel all by myself . Betty slow the scene down . betty okay , let 's calm down a minute . slow it down , cool it off . let 's just talk . ted you can say any goddamn thing you want -- betty -- Ted ? I think we be calming down ? I think we be cool off ? no hostility . say good - bye to hostility . we be just talk . ted okay ... okay ... okay ... I be calm , I be cool , let 's talk . betty Ted , in a nutshell , all you have to do be hold the fort . it 's New Year 's Eve . most of the guest be go out . you will just be give they a little nod as they come staggering in at three ... four ... five ... in the morning . nobody 's have any party , a few get-together , but no party . you get about three people check in tonight , that 's it . the only variable be Chester rush in the penthouse . ted Chester rush ? the guy from the wacky detective ? betty yeah , he and he entourage check in last night . they be in the penthouse . the only reason I refer to it as a variable be that he 's a movie star . ya never know about movie star . I be tellin ' ya , Ted , it 's cake . Betty take a piece of paper and write she number down . betty ( continue ) and look , if you have any problem , call I at the party . Ted think about it for a moment . ted okay . betty great -- ted -- for fifty buck . betty fifty buck ! ted you be shirking you duty for this Nazi . for that you pay a price , and the price be fifty buck . betty one , horst be not a Nazi . two , that 's not a fair price . you be take advantage of the situation . twenty buck . now , twenty buck be a fair price . ted yeah , but what you be doin ' to I be not fair . and , you be completely and totally take advantage of I and you position . so fifty buck be the perfect price . Betty begrudgingly dig in she purse . betty okay , but do not be a pussy . you do not bother I unless it 's a emergency . in fact , for fifty buck , you better not call I unless the fuckin ' building 's burn down . she give he the money . betty get ready to take the desk . Betty leave . Ted sit in the chair , take another drink , and prepare himself for the night . fade to black story title card : room 321 " strange brew " fade in : ext . the mon signor HOTEL --dusk Ted , the bellboy , meet he first guest of the evening , as a taxi unload she luggage . to he warm surprise , the guest be a beautiful Mediterranean goddess ( actually , we will come to see she be not technically a goddess , but a High priestess ) . she be about 25 year old , speak with a italian accent and be dress in gypsy garb . she be Athena . Ted take Athena 's luggage onto he cart . but one item in a woven moroccan bag prove to be unbearably heavy . Athena be concerned as he attempt to lift it . athena pleeze be careful -- my God . you have no idea ... Ted strain as he use all he cojone to lift the insanely heavy bag onto the cart . Athena tip the cab driver , stingily . the driver wince and get in the cab . Ted have now manage with grunt and groan and strain blood vessel to put this thing on the cart . the cab skid away . Athena look at Ted , who be out of breath . athena I be usually a good tipper , but this one -- this cab driver -- he have green all around he . I do not like that in a man . Ted wheeze and pound on he chest . ted Green ? be that bad ? like you read auras or something like that ? athena something like that . ted yeah , well what color be you seein ' around I ... how 's the tip lookin ? athena I see purple ... in you face , and ... as if she can not help herself , Athena 's eye be strangely draw to he crotch . she frown , confuse by this impulse . Ted appear to be charmingly oblivious . Athena look back into he face . athena ... you be okay . Ted touch he face -- as if search for the " purple " in it -- and move the cart inside , discreetly check out he crotch and give she a confuse side glance . int . front desk --dusk Ted shift hat to check the girl in . he check she reservation . athena Athena Z. ted ( scratch he head -- weird name , okay ) you be book in the honeymoon suite -- just one night ? with all this luggage ? athena I will only need to stay till sunrise . ted okay ... and how will you be pay ? athena with gold . he look at this wacky gypsy chick numbly -- she pull out she gold Card and smile . ext . elevator--dusk the door open and Ted and Athena emerge upon the third floor . Ted follow Athena with the cart down the hallway to she room . at the honeymoon suite door Ted open the door , then lift the easiest bag first . in the center of the room be a jacuzzi with hokey plastic cupid poise with urn on each side . a dormant fireplace loom beyond the still hot tub . Ted stare at the heavy bag with anxiety -- then look in front of he to Athena as she rub the round plastic head of a little cupid and mumble , " perfect . " then , arm open wide , chin lift to heaven , eye close , she mumble a faint incantation . then she do a belly - dance wiggle and turn to Ted , who be truly perplex . athena well -- the other bag -- I need it . ted right . he start to lift it , again strain and turn purple . he laugh sickly . ted what the hell you get in here , lady ? nuclear weapon ? she relieve he of the task and effortlessly pick up the bag . athena ( dryly ) the White Cliffs of dover . Ted be stunne as she sling the bag over she shoulder and pause to pull a 10 spot out of she cleavage . she hand it to he . Ted be grateful and disorient . athena the other will be come soon . send they , pleeze . Ted nod , confuse by " the other , " and walk off with the cart . then he turn from outside the doorway . ted oh -- I forget to show you how to turn on the jacuzzi . but Athena be ahead of he -- she flip a switch and water begin to flow from the baby cupid ' urn into the hot tub . athena I be in dis ' place many New Year 's . so ... you send the other to I , huh . go now . as she say this , the door close with a strange force , shutting Ted out . Athena take the bag to the bedroom of the suite . in the suite bedroom a round bed with pink tuck and 'roll headboard . it 's impossible to imagine have a orgasm in this room -- unless it be achieve by laugh . Athena carefully remove a large , beautiful white slab of stone from she tapestry bag . she caress it and carry it like a baby to the bed and place it in the very center , the head of the rock rest on dusty heart - shape pillow . then she remove from she bag a pink negligee and match high - heele slipper . and this she place with reverence on the bed . athena on this night , oh great goddess diana , we restore you virgin flesh and bring you back to real life . close on the rock slab . we hold the artifact . athena soon -- I take you to the pond for a cleanse . well , it 's a swim pool , but it will be under the set sun , okay ? int . front desk --dusk fall just as Ted be recover from the mystery of this first guest , elspeth arrive . she have skin like marble , the body of venus , pierce blue eye , blond hair and be dress all in black clothing , like honey West in a rubber dress . she carry several bag , and a silver sword on she shoulder . ted May I help you ? elspeth I ... we ... have a reservation . then she snap , irritate , behind she . elspeth kiva ! angle on a young punk rocker chick with long orange hair , a long leather coat , wear a tight T-shirt with stud spelling " pussy " across she breast . this be kiva . kiva be kick the tar and nicotine outta the cigarette machine . just as Ted 's eye grow wide with anxiety , several pack of smoke drop into the juvenile delinquent 's hand . kiva wait up , gawd ! I have to get supplies for this boring ass night . elspeth ( to Ted ) we have a reservation in the honeymoon suite . ted oh yeah ... you must be one of " the other . " and what be you carry -- the rock of Gibraltar ? she stare at he without humor . he fumble for the key . he walk around the desk to help she with she black crocodile luggage . jar clang inside . he be ready to go , but elspeth turn to lecture kiva on the hazard of smoking , as kiva light up . elspeth what would I tell you about smoking ? kiva you smoke . elspeth that 's right -- I smoke , and I be addict to it , and I do not want the same thing to happen to you . kiva ( in game - show host voice ) " hello -- welcome to this week 's edition of the hypocrite of the Year Award -- " as kiva go off on she impression of a game - show host , elspeth be grow increasingly rageful , like a mother with a unruly child . Ted wait , luggage in hand . elspeth kiva ! that 's enough -- she cut kiva 's ramble off . kiva blow smoke defiantly . kiva you be not my mother ! elspeth yes I be . kiva then why be we sleep together ? Ted look on uneasily at the relationship that be beginning to unfold here . elspeth check he reaction and become self - conscious at he scrutiny . elspeth well ... I do not mean it ... literally . I ... I happen to be the only one who ... care about you -- but she wild child look off , bored . elspeth turn to Ted , flustered . elspeth please -- take we to we room ! Ted smile uneasily and reach to relieve she of she sword , but elspeth quickly slam she palm on the sword and shoot he a pierce glare . he jump back with a light nervous laugh . he lead the way to the elevator . at the honeymoon suite door the couch have be set out here in the hall , as well as coffee table , lamp , and the tv . elspeth and kiva enter the room . Athena be go . as Ted stumble around the furniture in the hall , he peer in the room and see a transformation . with most of the furniture remove , candle and incense and flower be beginning to form a altar around the fireplace . but oddest of all be the pink -tinge water swirl in the jacuzzi and pour from the cupid urn . a sprinkle of white powder on the carpet encircle the hot tub . elspeth hand he a tip as he gawk at the circle . elspeth flea powder . one of the other be bring she cat . Ted start away again , perplex . he turn for one last look to see elspeth kneel before kiva , who sprawl on the floor . he shake he head and leave . elspeth you be gonna have to wait in the other room . kiva why ? elspeth because I say so . kiva I will watch tv . elspeth you can not watch tv because the noise will interfere with we ritual . kiva look around the room and spy the tv in the hallway . she turn to elspeth with sarcastic concession . kiva okay ... mommy . elspeth bristle as the brat saunter off to the bedroom . elspeth enter the sacred circle , stand before the altar , whip out she sword , and make a ceremonial gesture point the sword upward , perfectly center between she breast . kiva , behind elspeth 's back , exit from the bedroom doorway into the hall and come back in , lug the tv into the honeymoon bedroom . elspeth kneel before the altar . Athena enter the room with the " cleanse " artifact and lay the slab in the center of the altar upon the heart - shape pillow as elspeth lay she sword next to the rock . the woman look upon the union with tender affection . athena soon -- we goddess will come . I will go get she negligee . Athena stand up but she reverie be dispell as she shriek ! loud tv suddenly blast from the bedroom and kiva the brat be try on the pink negligee over she clothes . Athena take the negligee off the irrepressible youth . athena what be you do ! have you no respect -- who -- who be dis girl ? elspeth kiva . my friend . kiva , turn off the tv ! I can not leave she at home -- she 's on probation and I gotta keep a eye on she . athena well , elspeth , you friend cannot stay here during the ritual . she may be one of you kind , but she be not one of we . elspeth she stay !! or I go -- along with my offer ! the woman have a stare - down . then Athena call out -- athena turn of the fucking tv , man ! kiva ( in a seductive pout ) make I ... elspeth become anxious with jealousy . Athena be exasperate as she firmly demand from elspeth -- athena let 's not forget -- I be the High Fucking priestess . deal with dis girl ! elspeth defer to Athena with remember reverence and respect . she bow apologetic and scurries to the bedroom . athena ( eye lift to heaven , wearily ) tell I -- do we have this problem in Salem ? I do not think so ... in the bedroom elspeth swallow she rage and approach the brat with a soft touch . elspeth kiva ... you know what I love about you ? kiva smirk ... yeah , she know . elspeth you sweet side . kiva and what do I get if I be sweet ? elspeth you get whatever you want . and you know what else I love about you ? kiva ( seduce now ) what ? elspeth you nose . and say this , she kiss kiva 's nose and leave the room . kiva be quiete now . as elspeth close the bedroom door , she have the last word . elspeth and I see you check she out . kiva slink back on the bed , put in she place -- for now . in the hallway / ext . elevator--dusk the door open and Ted push a cart of expensive designer luggage -- and lot of it -- behind yet another gorgeous gal . this one be Jezebel , a Southern beauty , fawn over she cat , as she carry nothing else , and proceed down the hall like a Southern princess . jezebel ( talk to she cat in baby talk ) oh you little stinker ... oh you sweet little muffin . yes ... mama love the baby . at the door Jezebel burst in , chatter . jezebel well , this be just darlin ' ! just darlin' hi-dee , girl ... Ted carry all she bag inside awkwardly . again , the place have become all the more transformed with wild canopy of exotic cloth and fixing . elspeth and Athena be hard at work on a strange nature sculpture as Jezebel enter . she stand inside the powder circle and before the hot tub , which now have dark blue water swirl inside . she present she cat -- upward toward heaven -- frees the cat , bare she breast and suck in the vibe : " ahhhh . " Ted settles the bag down , hope for a peek at she charm , but she back be to he . the kitty rub on she leg . she pick it up and press it against she bare breast , petting it sweetly . she wink and hand he a tip . jezebel toodle-loo. and say this , she shoos he away . through the glass door to the bedroom , she see kiva sprawle on the bed , write on herself . jezebel well -- I see elspeth have herself a new lil ' fool -- what the hell be she doin ' here on we night of annual ritual ? athena ( wearily ) I have sanction she presence , as long as she behave . come on -- there be more work to be do to welcome we great diana . kiva I want room service !! elspeth why do I always attract girl who be look for a babysitter ? jezebel well now , honey , maybe juvenile Hall be not the best place to find serious relationship material . elspeth seethes at she . Jezebel act blithely innocent . in the hallway Ted be walk from the room with the cart . his face be etched in a mask of perpetual frown as he look at the tip in he hand -- at least this lunachick tip well . waking he out of he deep mood be raven . another female intoxication , she wear a short skirt , all do up in Native american , southwestern theme . no shoe . but she carry a small , old handmade broom . she move down the hall , bliss - out . Ted make eye contact , despite himself . raven I be look for the room for make love . ted you might be refer to the honeymoon suite . straight thata way ... you can not miss it -- see all that furniture in the hallway -- raven oh I know the way . I just want you to know that I know where I be go and that you need not bother yourself with I . the other be here -- great ! ted ( wearily ) oh yeah -- it 's so great -- it 's fantastic . raven ( in deep empathy ) ohhh ... I know it all seem very strange but you be cope with we much better than the bellboy of past New Year 's . ted past New Year 's ? raven oh yes -- we have be come here every New Year ... for a long time . thanks for you patience . ted oh hey -- no problem -- wreck the place . bring in cat . ruin the carpet with flea powder , pour paint in the jacuzzi . throw the furniture out the ... where be you bag ? raven I travel very light . Ted look down at the broom at she side , she bare feet , she thick dark hair . it keep get weirder . she wander off . int . front desk -- night the last of the lovely girl arrive . she be different from the other . she look like a farm girl , very Earth mother , with a tablecloth halter top and skirt , sandal , and a simple scarf over she long dark curl . she carry two bag by herself and hold a small black pot under she arm . she be Eva . ted ( already weary of this girl ) yeah , yeah , honeymoon suite . eva oh ... yes ... I be late . she lower she eye , worried . ted all right -- lemme give ya a hand . eva oh ... no , that 's all right . I can carry they by myself . she be so sweet and sincere that he feel like a heel to have be irritate with she . he pick up she bag . ted I be a man doin ' a job -- no hero . Eva smile , beautifully . eva well gosh -- thank you ! in the elevator Ted hold Eva 's hippy sack as she hold she black pot . there be a shy quiet tension here . eva tell I , how long have the other be here ? ted about a hour . Eva 's heart sink . they arrive at the door . he carry she bag in . in the suite the room be entirely transformed into a beautiful glow palace with a elaborate altar , both earthly and the other - earthly . the other four girl be arrange the altar as Eva enter . athena you be very late , Eva . eva I be sorry , Athena . I be attend a birth and the placenta be late in come . Ted be slightly queasy . she hand he a tip and smile , then take it back . eva oh , wait , lemme give you a little more than that ... Ted 's no fool , he wait while Eva look through she change purse . elspeth which birth be more important to you , that of a mortal or that of a goddess ? eva all life be precious ... but I do apologize for be late , elspeth . jezebel back home , they jist yank on the umbilical cord , do a karate chop on the mama 's belly , and they thing come right out . eva they do that here , too , Jezebel , in the hospital , but it cause hemorrhages . I feed the mother a bowl of comfrey tea and it bring the afterbirth down perfectly . the couple be go to use it for fertilizer to plant a lovely tree for they baby . kiva oh wow -- if they be really back - to - nature , they would eat it , like other mammal do . close on Ted 's face as he get thoroughly gross out . raven in some Native american culture , they dry the umbilical cord , grind it to a fine powder , and put it in a leather pouch that the baby wear to ward off evil . but bury the placenta be also a very sound ecological practice -- ' cause of the oxygen it carry . eva ( cheerfully to the other ) yes -- because you see when the placenta detach from the uterine wall ... ted ( wince in disgust ) uh , thank you , lady -- I will be go now . if you need anything -- Eva place a nice tip in he palm . athena wait . we do need a few thing . Ted sigh as Eva enter the circle with she black pot . she kneel softly , hold she hand in piety before the altar , and softly incant as she offer she pot and place it on the altar . the stone and sword and flower now rest here on pillow cover in chiffon scarve . the negligee hang from the mantel , the slipper underneath as if expect someone to materialize into the garment . athena we need fresh rosemary from the kitchen . mostly what we need be from the kitchen . hey , be you listen ? Ted be watch Eva , enchant . ted yeah , yeah , rosemary . athena and a little bit of sea salt or kosher salt if you do not get no sea salt . a bottle of spring water -- italian please , not french shit . kiva and some french fries ! elspeth kiva , shut up . athena ( irritate ) and some ginger , two of the eye of a trout fish , and a piece of raw meat , liver if you have it . kiva ( whining ) I want fries -- you dumb jerk with you stupid fuck ritual ! athena shut up , you little shit . elspeth do not talk to she that way ! Ted have scribble down the item as she speak . he look at this list and this girl and shudder as he walk away . he turn , point at Eva . Ted smile at this angel of a girl . she smile back . but , as she look he in the eye , he feel a strange buzzing connection happen . he hold he head , almost swoon with dizziness . Athena smirk . athena get to work , man . Ted come out of he daze , look at the list again and huff off . after he go , the girl begin to bring forth they most treasure offering in ornate ancient bottle , vase or vial . Jezebel fold she arm and clear she throat in the direction of kiva , sit idly on the edge of the blue water jacuzzi , with she foot dip irreverently in the water . elspeth kiva ... kiva what ? elspeth you have to go in the next room now . kiva oh , wow , like I be bum out that I can not watch . ( whining at elspeth ) I be bored ! elspeth up ! she climb up the stair , try to pull the brat to she foot . kiva do not put I in there by myself . I will miss you way too much . elspeth kiva , do not do this to I . kiva see a bit of weaken here ; she take she foot out of the jacuzzi . she begin to speak softly . kiva please ... if you just lemme ... I will play dress - up with you , the way you like it ... you know what I mean ... remember ...? elspeth begin to weaken . but continue to pull the brat up . kiva pour on softer seduction . kiva we can pretend and I will do it exactly ... the way you want it ... with the egg white and the kilt . elspeth be now fully seduce . kiva take elspeth 's hand and press it lightly on she face . elspeth you mean ... like last week ? kiva nod . elspeth be enthralled , but from a disgust " ick " sound from Jezebel , elspeth realize she 's revealing this side of she life -- in front of she coven . she nervously look around and see all the coven look at she : a disgust Jezebel , a understanding raven , a preoccupy Eva and a impatient and stern Athena . elspeth come to she sense , straighten she posture . elspeth we will talk about this later , kiva . kiva ( angrily ) no ! she turn on elspeth and bite she hand . elspeth pull she arm away and grab kiva by the hair . jezebel aw , really now -- child abuse ? elspeth you stay outta this ! athena I demand this stop now , elspeth ! elspeth let go of kiva 's hair . kiva jerk away from she . kiva I be run away from you ! elspeth Fine . go ahead . and I will call you parole officer and she will find you and send you back to eastlake ! kiva stomp off into the bedroom . athena now that the fuck melodrama be over , can we start the goddamn ritual -- pleeze ? elspeth enter the power circle . each girl take off she shoe . they anoint themselves with oil . athena we be commune here on New Year 's Eve to bring to life the great goddess diana , who be turn to stone in this very room forty year ago today . the girl moan in sleepy , eerie agreement as they begin to sway within the circle . athena diana , great beautiful one , we make this offering to you , that we may undo the wick spell which deprive you of the seed of you lover , you virginal blood , of you very life . we now form the symbolic rock with we body . and say this , the girl all form a " rock " with they body gracefully drape one upon the other . Music begin , and slowly they start to unfold from the rock . the girl each find they place in a semicircle around the jacuzzi . some bare they breast , other strip off a layer of clothes . they anoint they arm with water from the jacuzzi . they begin a lovely dance , snake they way around the semicircle . the first one to go from one end to the other be Athena . she then proceed up the stair and position herself between the altar and the jacuzzi . she step forth with a bottle to the altar and pour it into the jacuzzi . athena on this night , in this hour , we call upon the ancient power o goddess bride , I offer thee milk from a mother 's sweet titty ! each of the girl moan eerily . Athena place the bottle on the altar and bow away . she join the circle as elspeth now step forward with she offer in a vial . elspeth to reverse the evil which have be do I make this offer to the Divine one a whore not , a innocent be , for whom I seize a virgin 's blood . jezebel goddess of Light , goddess of lust , to undo this awful spell be a real must . to bring you life and get you high I offer the sweat of five man 's thigh . the girl moan loudly as they sway . Jezebel place she offer in the hot tub and bow out , return to the circle . now raven come forth with a small leather canteen . she unscrew the lid as she offer in she opiate stupor . raven diana , oh great one , we live without sun until this wick curse be undone . in hope that you live , and to we appear , I have collect a year 's worth of tear . she pour liquid into the mix , as the witch moan . now it 's Eva 's turn . Eva continue to sway , not move forth to the altar . the girl keep they eye close as they sway , wait for Eva 's offer . Athena finally give she a push and she go . Eva kneel before the altar . she produce a silver bottle with a chain on its cap and neck . she timidly begin to incant . eva great goddess diana , fail you I will , I be to bring fresh sperm from my Bill . I have he erect , and he semen would follow but ala I be hot , so hot that I swallow . the moan turn to wail as the girl gasp and shriek ! Athena open she eye , wildly . athena you stupid little witch ! you swallow the sperm ! aye-yi--yi! elspeth open she eye and fold she arm , smirk bitterly . elspeth it just show what a amazing lack of control you have over yourself , Eva ! jezebel honey , why do not you just use you hand ? do not you mama teach you not to put they thing in you mouth ? raven I understand though ... Eva burst into tear . Athena be firm . athena there be no time to cry over swallow sperm . you be gonna have to get some , baby . you have one hour to prove what kind of witch you really be . just then : a knock at the door . athena ( call out ) what do you want ?! ted Ted ... the bellboy . Athena smile and turn to Eva . athena Mr. bellboy , come right in ! Ted open the door . his eye bulge out as he look upon the fleshly feast . he step back . they giggle seductively , all except Eva , who sniffles , red -ey . amazingly , Ted 's attention be captivate by Eva 's sorrow , not by the naked charm of the other witch . she shyly cover she breast . sensitive to she shame and sorrow , he look away and step from the door to fetch the room -service cart . Athena direct the other to put on they shirt . Ted wheel in the cart . ted here 's the thing you ask for . oh , and uhh , sorry , but I be not gonna pick the eye outta this dead fish . he point to the trout . elspeth pick it up , fling the eye into the jacuzzi , and toss the trout out of the window . she smirk at he comtemptuously . athena ( hand Ted 50 buck ) okay , mister , here 's you fifty - dollar tip , only , you have to do one more thing ... make we little Eva smile . can you ? we will leave you alone . ( to Eva , firmly ) and do not use you mouth ! the girl step out . Athena turn to Eva and point to she watch , then hold up one finger . Eva look up , worried . the door close on she and Ted . she look at Ted and sigh . he cover she with a shawl . in the hallway the other witch listen at the door . elspeth if she do not get he goop in ten minute , I be go to take he myself . jezebel ha ! that will be a first for you . elspeth oh shit -- kiva ! she run back in for she bratty girlfriend , who be already sneaking out the bedroom door . elspeth and just where do you think you be go ? kiva well , gawd -- I need a candy bar or something -- you have not feed I all day . I be get all shaky . my blood sugar 's really low . jezebel elspeth -- honestly now -- some babysitter you be turnin ' out to be ! athena enough , girl . I will collect fresh earth . Jezebel , I want you to gather damp moss . raven , you bring I a birch branch . elspeth , you go feed you terrible girlfriend . we meet back here in one hour and let 's all have faith that Eva can get this guy off . the witch disperse . int . honeymoon suite -- night Eva sit among pillow before the altar as Ted stand in front of she . Ted be try he best to make poor Eva smile . but no matter what he antic , she look off sadly . ted help I out , lady . I gotta earn this fifty buck ! eva oh look , they do not care if I smile or not ! all they want be ... Ted wait ; she sigh and rest she chin in she hand . eva you will not understand , believe I . she begin to cry tearfully again . ted try I . I have be around , y'know . he posture proudly , all puffed out . Eva look at he helplessly . and he paternally encourage she to explain . eva well ... okay . the five of we -- elspeth , Jezebel , Athena , raven and I -- be a coven . ted ha , like a coven of witch ? eva yes . ted ( stunne ) oh. he look around the room : quick cut of candle , iconography , jar of lurid substance , unknown body part of animal woven into the nature sculpture ... and be that tongue in that can ? Ted 's get the creep , but again puff himself up . ted I know that ! eva ( get calmer ) and you see , we coven have spend forty year try to perfect a ritual to undo a wick curse put on we goddess diana . ted gee , you do not look a day over twenty ! eva oh ... ha ha ... I mean the witch before we try and fail . but Athena , we High priestess , discover a great potion to reverse the evil spell which turn we beautiful goddess into a old rock . ted ( look at the rock ) yeah ? be ... be that she ? Eva nod , look lovingly at the stone . eva she be a beautiful virgin . a entertainer by trade , but a great sorceress by design . it be here in this very room , on she wedding night , a jealous rival place the curse on diana . ted she turn to -- that -- here ? eva yes ... and she young husband turn into a pink fish ! they find he swim in the pool in circle . while we dear goddess : a stone in she honeymoon bed . Ted frown as he ponder all this . Eva take a photo from the altar and hand it to Ted . eva this be diana . close on photo : a blond bombshell in full - on Betty page attire , a bare- tittied pinup girl , playfully spanking a girl in bondage with a spike high heel . ted this girl here ? this be the goddess diana ? the photograph slowly come alive . diana stop spanking the girl and unty she . she pull the girl ( in the black satin mask ) up off she lap and make the girl stand . the woman face each other and break into a cheek - to - cheek tango . close on Ted as he shake he head . be he eye play trick on he ? ted I hate to tell you this , but I kinda doubt she be a virgin . eva oh , but she be ! she have lover , but she save that for marriage . which be the example I have try to follow : to do everything but that till I marry ... she begin to sob again . Ted comfort she . ted hey , do not cry ... a virgin be a rare and beautiful thing . if you say she be a virgin , I will believe it . eva well , it do not matter now ... and she will not be resurrected tonight ' cause I fail she . I let my whole coven down ! ted wait a sec -- that rock be gonna turn back into this ? he hold up the photo . Eva nod . ted now , that would be something worth see ! eva only , not now -- we be each suppose to bring something -- a life fluid . ted ( wince in disgust ) if this be gonna be like one of that afterbirth conversation , I do not think I wanna hear this . eva only ... I swallow it ... ted you swallow what ? Eva look off . Ted search he brain , thoroughly sicken now . ted you mean , you be suppose to bring ... like ... like a guy 's ... and you ...? she nod ; he wince , queasy . Eva look at he , helpless . eva and now , you be my last chance ! ted ( laugh ) yeah , sure . ( then -- panic ) whoa , what ? you want my -- for the -- witchy poo -- ahh no -- no way -- nope . besides , it 's against hotel policy . I be warn : " no sex with the clientele " ! Eva sob , plead . she throw off she shawl , bare she lovely breast , and reach she arm around he neck . he keep back off . unbeknownst to he , he be already do a ritualistic shuffle . ted ha , c'mon now , joke 's over . ( see this be no joke ) hey , we be gonna step in the flea powder . eva that 's not flea powder , that 's sacred dust ground from the horn of albino goat . ted right ! I know that ! he be back away , into the circle , as she come for he , soft and sweet . her eye be again put the magic hex on he , as he try to resist she gaze . ted what 's a nice girl like you do in a coven , anyway ? eva well , see , what I really want to do be be a midwife . I have attend four birth already ! I can prevent vaginal tear and everything . ted ( try to dodge she hexe eye ) well , that 's a good thing ! a guy do not like surprise down there . all the while she be step toward he into the circle . eva I join the coven to attain great understanding of my feminine power so I could become a truly great midwife ! ted ( the hex work now ) oh , well , I see you have be gain a lot of insight into you ... girl power ... Eva sweetly take he hand and place it on she breast . eva do you really think so ? ted ( buckle under the temptation ) well , yeah , I would say that seem to be the case ... ( she lick he neck ; he eye roll back heavenly ) ohhh , God ! Betty 's gonna kill I ! eva who 's Betty -- you girlfriend ? ted no . my boss . eva oh good ! ted oh no ! they fall into a kiss , as she begin to remove he cap . she move he toward the jacuzzi , closer and closer . dissolve to : int . hallway -- night Ted push he room -service cart . he be flushed . puffed up . light a cigarette , take a great big , satisfied drag . Eva run to the door dreamily , she naked body wrap in she shawl . she pass he a card . eva my phone number in topanga . call I ? ted ( cocky ) sure , baby . yeah , I will give ya a call . she smile and shut the door . the other witch be arrive with supplies from the garden . kiva , now have raise she blood sugar , suck on a lollipop , a sunny girl . she talk to raven , who carry a birch limb . kiva what 's that use for ? raven it 's a birch branch , symbolize eternal life . you can also use the bark for a tea which assist in astral travel . kiva hey -- I wanna be a witch ! the other girl roll they eye as elspeth smile proudly . Ted blow smoke at they and push he cart off down the hall . the witch run inside the room . in the suite Eva sit , bliss - out , in the center of the circle , smile . eva I be a woman now ! athena but where be he " stuff " ? eva ( point to the jacuzzi ) we do it right there , in the big cauldron ! jezebel ooohhh honey , you be gonna be sore tomorra ! do not you mama teach you that water strip a girl 's lubrication ? raven sex in water be great in the movie , not in real life ... but you will learn . as we all do . jezebel yeah , when she can not walk ... ( to elspeth ) I guess you would not have that kind of problem -- without penetration . elspeth no . and virtually no cervical cancer , either . athena okay , girl , enough sex Education 101 , let 's get go with we ritual , goddammit . Athena regally lead the ritual as they all bare they breast again . kiva throw off she shirt to join in . as she do , we see black bondage tape on she nipple . elspeth dart a quick look at the tape , look at the other witch -- not sure she like this -- but she go with it . the witch sway in a circle , eye close , as Eva make she offer . eva goddess diana , I offer you the jism of one I woo for you that you may live and know such bliss of get laid by a guy like this . the witch all incant . all of the witch so must it be . Three time three time three . they march half - naked as they moan and revel in eerie cry . the jacuzzi begin to bubble and boil . they cry heighten ; the potion bubbles over . dissolve to : hour later Athena read from a huge leatherbound book , the Book of shadows , full of potion and spell . four discourage witch pack they bag . the room have be restore to its worldly under-splendor . kiva use the remote on the tv ... so much for witchcraft . the slab of rock remain a slab . athena I do not understand what go wrong . elspeth I say Eva pull one over on we . eva what ? jezebel honey -- Eva be wear the face of someone just fuck good ... and the best actress in this world , or any other , can not fake a thing like that ! elspeth exactly -- if she be fuck so good , how could she save he come ? raven it could be do ... athena Girls , knock it off . ( she look up from the book ) maybe ... maybe it need to be the sperm of a virgin male . eva ( dreamily ) he be no virgin ! the witch sadly collect they thing . Athena , deep in think , stroke the slab . athena let 's leave she here , with the sword , until dawn . I will come back for she before checkout time . I just ... feel too sad to carry she away before the sun come up to warm she . they all agree . they pick up they bag and head out . jezebel ( cuddle she cat ) I can not believe we have to carry we own bag out ! my mama would have a hissy fit ! kiva ( flirtatiously ) I will carry you bag . elspeth ( firmly ) you be carry my bag ! they leave the room . Jezebel 's cat leap from she arm as she hoist she luggage . Eva walk out satisfied , think perhaps a little sore -- " ouch , " she say , and smile . Athena take one last look at they goddess slab . athena next year , we try again -- with virgin sperm . she close the door on the honeymoon suite ( till next New Year 's Eve ! ) . fade to black . four room fade up on : int . mon signor lobby --night Ted behind the desk , on the phone . we only hear he side . ted oh , Jesus , what do I tell you ? do you want milk and cookie , or do you not ? ( pause ) I can not turn on a adult station without permission from you parent . ( pause , he check he computer ) that 's not what the machine tell I . ( pause ) you be good and you will get milk and cookie , but for now leave I alone , please . I will be up later to put you both to sleep . he hang up . ted ( to himself ) goddamn kid . super : 1:00 a.m. the phone ring again . ted room service . int . room 404 --night a small party be go on . a long-haire yuppie scum type in on the line . Music blare . people dance in background . yuppie scum what room be I in ? int . front desk -- night back and forth ted this be the front desk , sir . the yuppie turn away from the phone and speak to Real Theodore . yuppie scum what room be we in ? real theodore how should I know ? I just get here . yuppie scum ( into phone ) you know , do not you have one of that light thing ? ted if you care to go to the door and look on the other side , you will find the room number . yuppie scum ( to Real Theodore ) call my assistant and ask she what floor we be on . real theodore who 's you assistant ? yuppie scum the girl you party with every night . real theodore ( to himself ) who ? ted I be here alone , sir . real theodore it 's room 404 , I think . yuppie scum I could have swear we be on the fifth floor . real theodore right. 404 . yuppie scum ( into phone ) right. 404 . ted what do you need , sir ? yuppie scum ( to Real Theodore ) what do we need ? real theodore Ice . yuppie scum Ice ? real theodore Ice . yuppie scum ( into phone ) Ice . ted Ice . yuppie scum yeah . Ice . ted right , sir . ice. 404 . I will be with you momentarily . CUT to : story title card : room 404 " the wrong man " int . dark hallway Ted saunter down a hallway with a butt hang out the corner of he mouth and a bucket of ice swinging at he side . he pull up at a door on which the fade number read something like " room 404 . " Ted knock on the door . after a moment , the latch be throw and the door swing open . Ted cautiously step into the dark room . int . room ted anybody home ? a demonic cackle cut through the darkness . man' voice no one here but we chicken . ted say , it 's pretty dark in here , sir . man' voice what do you expect , Theodore , a fuckin ' floor show ? ted do I know you ? man' voice I do not know . do you ? in a flash the light switch on and Ted find himself stare down the barrel of a pretty intense- look .357 Magnum , cocked and ready to fire . at the other end of the gun stand a 50 - year- old man , sigfry , who sport a cheshire cat smile and a " just try fuckin ' with I " look on he face . sigfry be not the only person in the room . directly behind he sit a beautiful young woman , Angela , gag and bound to a chair . Ted drop the bucket to the floor . ted I bring you ice . sigfried that 's cute . in fact , the whole getup 's kind of cute . the monkey suit 's a nice touch , honey puss . ted this have to be a mistake . be this room 404 ? sigfried Theodore ? what do you take I for , Theodore ? ted a very upset man ? sigfry reach in he pocket and throw a handful of assort stimulant into he mouth , chew on they like they be breath mint . sigfry thrust he hand forward , grip Ted by the throat , and lead he to Angela . sigfried ( to Angela ) I be a upset man , Theodore . ted how do you know my name , sir ? sigfried I be psychic , Theodore . ted look my name be Ted , actually , and I have no idea what 's go on here , but I have obviously come at a bad time . sigfried let 's not belabor the fact that you have no sense of timing , Theodore . the fact be you be here . sigfry turn to Angela . sigfried ( continue ) and I could not think of a better time for you to introduce I to you beau than on New Year 's Eve . ted oh fuck , there 's a mistake . you be fuck wrong here . my name be Theodore , yes ! my mother name I that and I hate the name . but I be a fuck bellhop . people call I Ted . I work here . suddenly , with great force , sigfry slam the butt of he pistol smack into Ted 's temple , send he to the floor . Ted look up at sigfry in shock . sigfried look , I would love to sit here all night with you talk about thing like when you break in you first mitt -- ( pause ) that be insensitive of I , be not it , T h E o D o R E ? but let 's cut to the chase , okay ? ted okay . sigfried so apologize ! a tense silence fill the room . all eye be on Ted , who can not figure out what the fuck this guy want . ted for what ? sigfry look hard with disbelief at Ted , who wince back . sigfried you be really beginning to annoy I , Theodore . sigfry throw another handful of pill into he mouth . ted look , obviously you two be work something out and if I could help you with you problem I would . sigfried what be you say ? be you say I get a problem ? be you try to say I do not give she what she need ? that I be fucking insensitive !! ted look , be this about another man ? or something ? Ted have strike a raw nerve . sigfry 's mood swing drastically ; he bend down next to Ted . sigfried let 's get we ABC 's right , here , Theodore . Theodore , right ? ted Ted 's better . sigfried Ted , okay ... be you say my wife cheat on I ? ted I do not say that ... I ... sigfried oh , for Christ 's sake , Theodore , this be about as intimate a situation as you can get , you , I , and Angela here . it 's pretty cozy . to say nothing of how stupid a idea it be to lie to a man with a load gun without consider the possible response . I demand a apology ! the phone ring . sigfried do not move . I have get to take this . sigfry glance at it . then to Angela . he pick up the phone . sigfried ( into phone ) what ? ( pause ) we be not get any needle here , kid . just a big fuck gun . he listen to the other line , say good - bye , and hang up . sigfried ( to Ted ) now , where be I ? oh yeah , I remember . sigfry kneel next to Ted and assume a prayer position . sigfried I want you to pray for forgiveness , Theodore . sigfry , hand clasped together , signal for Ted to do the same . the gun lie at he side . Ted consider a bold move , but think better of it . sigfry 's eye pop open . he cut a look to Ted , signal he to assume the pose . sigfried ( continue ) now say after I , " I apologize ... " ted I apologize ... sigfried for what ? Ted look to Angela for help . she can only stare back with intense , wide - open eye . sigfried for fuck what ? ted that I say you might have be unfaithful ? sigfried " that I say you might have be unfaithful ? " listen , Theodore , you be in church here ... you be kneel in front of a altar . Truth ... truth be all it hear . say the follow , " I , Theodore , must humbly and sincerely apologize for say that you fuck another man ! " Ted repeat what sigfry have tell he . this appear to have a calming effect on sigfry , who get up off the floor , turn he face to Angela . sigfried ( continue ) satisfied ? Angela nod . sigfried ( continue ) do you accept the fuck apology ? naturally , Angela say nothing . sigfried ( continue ) you always gotta get the last word , do not you ? it 's one way with you , Angela , be not it ? I give and I give and I get nothing back . sigfry turn to Ted . sigfried ( continue ) she just sit there wait for I to jump through hoop ... Angela attempt to speak through the gag . both man wait with bate breath for a response . sigfry 's have enough . sigfried ( continue ) stupid I , for a second I think you be go to say something ... something like , " I be sorry . " ha ! " I be sorry . " you be absolutely right , love cake , I would not want it that way . that 's one thing you can say about Angela . she will never do anything she do not want to do . if the feel be not there , she just be not go to do it . there be nothing in this world as fuck as a woman who give when she do not want to . never let that happen to you , Theodore . it make you feel very little indeed . Ted beckon sigfry . ted you mind if I ...? sigfried go ahead . spit it out . ted I do not mean to upset you further , sir , but I think she be try to say yes . sigfried be you condescending to I , Theodore ? ted absolutely not , I would never do that . sigfried why do not you just say it ? ted say what ? sigfried that you think I be a idiot . ted I would never say that . sigfried you think you be superior to I , do not ya , Theodore ? you do not think I notice there be a gag in the woman 's mouth . ted of course you do . sigfried naturally " of course . " and do you know how I know that ? ted how , sir ? sigfried because I put the gag in her mouth ! I be gonna let you in on a little secret about communication , Theodore . it 's all in the eye ... ( point the gun at Ted ) him ? ( turn the gun on himself ) or I ? him or I ? no one ? okay . let 's drag it out . sigfry empty the last of the pill into he mouth , heaving the empty bottle over he shoulder . he take off , disappear into the bathroom . int . room Ted find himself alone with Angela . they lock eye . Angela implore Ted to lean forward . Ted size up the situation : his chance of make it to the door be slim due to the fact that he would have to pass by the bathroom door . Ted pace back and forth in front of Angela , who struggle to get he attention . he whip around and they face off in what appear to be a game of charade . Ted finally get the point and cautiously remove the gag from Angela 's mouth . Angela spit a old sock out . ted what ! angela we do not have time to play charade here , asshole ! untie I quick . ted listen , lady , I do not know what in the hell be go on here , but I would appreciate it if you would explain to that nutcase that he 's make a big mistake . angela look , whether you like it or not , you be in the middle of a situation here you can not just wish you way out of . ted but I have never see you people before , we be complete stranger . angela everyone start out stranger , Ted , it 's where we end up that count . hurry up . Ted wrestle with the idea of whether to untie Angela or not . ted I do not know if I can do this . it 's too hard . angela life be hard , Ted . you ever stop to consider how many time you change you underwear in a lifetime ? on nervous impulse , Ted begin the calculation . angela I do not mean literally , you ignoramus . ted what ? angela forget it , listen to I . there 's a gun in my suitcase behind the bed , it 's load ... ted I be not go to shoot anybody . angela Fine . get the gun and I will shoot " anybody . " ted and make I a accessory in the murder of you husband ? Ted collapse to he knee in front of Angela . ted that 's not fair . it just be not fair . angela get a fuck grip on yourself . first off , who say he 's my husband ? and second , we be a long way from fair here , fair be back in jolly old England eatin ' crumpet and sip on tea . Ted collect himself . ted tut. tut. tut . not so fast . well , maybe there be two side to this thing . angela there be two side to a plate , still you only eat off of one . now get the gun ! ted so why 's he get you tie up ? angela I be a werewolf , Ted ! get the gun ! Ted be at a loss as to what to do . Angela turn on the charm . angela come on , Ted . come over here just for a minute . you can do it . come on , Ted . you look like a good guy . Ted creep towards she . angela that 's it , teddy . you look so much more attractive when you be self - assure . sigfry suddenly come to life ... he 's hear from the bathroom belting out " life be but a dream ... she - boom , she - boom . " angela ( she panic ) Quick , he 's come back . put the gag back in , and remember the gun ! Ted hurry to replace the sock in she mouth . ted nine thousand , three hundred and twenty - two time , to the best of my estimation . int . room sigfry cough , send a chill up Ted 's spine . Ted whip around to discover sigfry lean up against the door to the bathroom . sigfried I be just beginning to think I could trust you , Theodore . silly I . Ted 's finger be freeze over Angela 's lip . ted I be just try to help she breathe a little . sigfried do not let I stop you , teddy . you do not mind I call you teddy , do you ? ted that 's fine . sigfried I use to have a little bunny rabbit name teddy , it look real cute nibble on Angela 's ear . only problem here be you be no bunny rabbit , Theodore , and it really fuckin ' razze I to picture you doin ' it . but do not let I stop you , teddy ... no need to play sneaky - poo . Ted start to back toward the door . ted look , man , if this be some kind of voodoo thing and you want I to have sex with you wife , there be absolutely no way . sigfried ( shout at the top of he lung ) I say , nibble , asshole ! now ! the directness of sigfry 's command , couple with the SOUND of a trigger be cocked , force Ted to approach Angela . Angela be a stun beauty , and Ted be kind of a shy guy make for a awkward situation . Ted lean forward . as he close in , Angela 's eye close . ted ( whisper ) sorry , lady . Ted pull up short of actually nibble on Angela . sigfried what 's the matter , no whiz leave in the cheese ? I be not cramping you style , be I ? ted look , I be not play this game anymore . sigfry yank Ted backwards . he wrap he arm around he . sigfried it 's almost all over , Theodore , and soon you can go home to mommy . Ted struggle to free himself from sigfry 's powerful bear hug and blast out the follow monologue . ted my name be not Theodore , it 's ted , ted , ted , T ... E ... D ... ted ... not teddy , not theodore ... ted ... yes , my mother do I the service of name I Theodore and I have not a clue as to how you know that because everyone who know that life a long way away from here . do you have any idea what it 's like to go to school where all the other kid ' parent be in jail do time for crime like grand larceny , aggravate assault , burglary and murder , and you get stick with a mother who name you Theodore and dress you up in little match pink outfit with , get this , a little blue bow fuck tie ! well , I will tell you what happen . pretty soon Theodore become " theo the thumper , " and when theo the thumper get old enough , he pack he bag and go thousand of mile away where he can put the whole bloody mess behind he . so , if you do not mind , shoot I now , because no one be go to call I that again . my name be Ted , okay ? get it ? ted ! sigfry have follow the entire tirade in stunne silence . he take a step toward Ted and offer he he hand . sigfried sigfry . ted what ? sigfried my name be sigfry . ted sigfry ? sigfry cut a " something wrong with that ? " look at Ted . sigfried yah , sigfry . ted Nice to meet you , sigfry . Ted cautiously take sigfry 's hand . sigfried very impressive , Ted . " theo the thumper ? " ... ouch . it 's a deal , kid . Ted it will be . ted thanks . sigfry hold onto Ted 's hand . the soft sound of distant firework pop in the background . car horn and a muffle countdown signal that it 's New Year 's . sigfry move uncomfortably close to Ted and from out of nowhere bolt forward , plant a wet kiss right on Ted 's mouth . something snap in sigfry . he be either really get off on this or he be catch in the grip of a seizure . he double back on the floor . Ted and Angela watch as he flop around like a flounder with the cocked gun wave all over the place . Ted wipe he mouth with he jacket sleeve while try to dodge the barrel of the gun . ted you okay , mister ? I will get help ! sigfry manage to steady the gun and point it directly at Ted . he signal for Ted to go to the bathroom . ted ( continue ) that 's the wrong door , sir . sigfry grab Ted by the leg and shove the barrel of the gun into he crotch . sigfry pull Ted 's face closer to he . sigfried get I the nitro ... it 's in the bathroom cabinet . now ! Ted rush into the bathroom , leave sigfry a babbling mess behind . CUT to : int . bathroom --same time Ted enter the bathroom , which appear shake by a earthquake . towel and wet clothes be all over the place . a evening gown be flushed halfway down the toilet and pill be everywhere . sigfry be shouting from the other room to hurry . Ted check the cabinet , search for a bottle mark " nitro . " no luck . Ted spot a small window set above the toilet . he figure this be the best chance he 's get to make a break . Ted go for it . he manage to get he head and one arm through the window before he get stick . his leg dangle in the bathroom . struggle as he may , he can only hit the toilet - bowl lever , which send a loud flush SOUND out through the apartment . sigfried ( o.s. ) ( shouting in the distance ) it 's no time to take a leak , teddy , I be fuck die here ! ext . bathroom window -- night outside the window , Ted 's in another world . he 's almost safe . it 's a strange feel , kind of like bathing in warm water in paradise , know a huge shark be ready to rip he ass off . he can see the flicker red glow light from the witch ' room from the floor below . ext . bathroom window and below --night Ted see Eva bop naked past the window . he shout she name out , to no avail . the music drown out he voice and they ignore he call for help . the blood rush to he head . he let himself hang there for a moment . he wonder how many other people have find themselves in situation like this before he . probably everyone . right next to he face , Ted recognize a bloody hand print . it 's not he blood . ext . bathroom window and above -- night Ted hear a sound from above and twist himself around , spot a young man ( previously see as the yuppie scumbag on the phone ) lean out of the window directly above he . after a quick moment of size he up , Ted gather himself . ted hi ... no answer . something 's wrong with the guy , all the blood be drain from he face and he be mumble something . ted listen , I be stick here in a situation that I can not even begin to explain , but would you be so kind as to get help ? could you call the police , please ? silence . ted ( continue ) you okay ? the young man manage to belt out the word " ice " just before hurl a mouthful of vomit toward Ted . it take all Ted 's strength to dodge the puke and pull himself back into the bathroom . he fall back on the floor . he prop himself up and check for damage . he notice something odd ... the room be silent . no sigfry . he walk into the bedroom . CUT to : int . HOTEL bedroom --moment later Ted look around the still room . no one 's there . ted sigfry ? he head toward the door and , from out of the corner of he eye , he spot sigfry 's hairy leg . sigfry have pass out on the floor . Angela 's chair have be knock on its side . Ted race over to help lift she back up . he pull the gag from she mouth . Angela jump all over he . angela where 's the fuck nitro ? ted I could not find it ! angela you take long enough . untie I , for Christ 's sake , you fuck upset he and he 's die . Ted struggle to untie Angela . ted I think you want to kill he . angela you would make a great cop , Theodore . the knot be all over the place and a real bitch to untie . ted I can not handle this alone , I would better get help . Ted turn on a dime and run smack into sigfry , who 's be take in the whole conversation . sigfried I tie a pretty good knot , do not I , Ted ? ted thank God you be okay ... sigfried never feel better . Angela hear sigfry 's voice from behind she back . angela you bastard ! sigfried ( to Angela ) come on , honey , do not get mad . it be just a little test , and I be glad I do it because now I will know forever that you really do love I . truly and deeply . angela if the simple fact that I do not want you bloat , dead body lie out on the floor be love , then no wonder we find ourselves as we be at this very fuck moment . sigfried oh , no . I hear you and there be genuine care in that voice . can not be deny . can it , Ted ? ted I think you be right and , if you just keep this kind of open dialogue go , you will go a long way to resolve this misunderstanding . Ted edge he way toward the door . ted ( continue ) you would be surprised what happen when people just listen to each other without succumb to all that pain and anger . angela you hear shit , monkey boy . easy for you to say after you fuck another man' wife . you should at least have the gut to stand by you conviction . sigfry turn a icy eye on Ted , who have give up all hope of ever get out of the room . ted that 's a lie , sigfry . I swear to God . Angela continue she tirade . angela when I think of all the time you be inside I promise I a better life , it make I want to puke . sigfry slowly raise he gun , point it directly at Ted 's chest . ted why be you do this ? what have I ever do to you people ? angela what do not you do , stick man ? unfortunately , you do not have the ball to back up the action of you huge cock . the word hit sigfry like bullet to the chest ... he leg weaken . sigfried ( whimper ) he 's get a huge cock ? ted she 's lie again , mister . it 's not that big . sigfried show it to I . ted come on , man , she 's lie . can not you see she 's fuck with you ? angela put it this way , God make up for what he do to gumby with Ted here . sigfried show it to I . angela show he you cock , Theodore . sigfry run over to Angela and kneel in front of she . sigfried stop talk about he cock , will you ?! angela it 's hard to stop talk about something so huge . I could go on and on about he cock , bone , nob , bishop , wang , thang , hotrod . hump mobile , oscar , do , dagger , banana , cucumber , salami . sausage , kielbasa , schlong , dink , tool , Big Ben , mister happy , prick , disk , pecker , peter , pee-pee , wee -wee , weiner , pisser , pistol , joint , hose , horn , middle - leg , third - leg , meat , stick , joystick , dipstick . Angela be on a roll . she fire the word at sigfry , hit he pointblank . he stagger . he plead with she to stop , cover he ear . Ted watch the man crumble . angela ( continue ) junior , the little head , little guy , rumple foreskin , tootsie Roll . snake , one - eye monster , one - eye wonder , shaft , sword , meat whistle , skin flute , love muscle , roto-rooter , instrument , banger , rammer , ramrod , cherrypicker , log , pole . sigfry try jam the sock back in she mouth to stop the flow ; she manage to give he a " fuck of a bite " in the process . meanwhile , Ted figure this to be he moment to make a move and bolt for the door , only to be tackle by sigfry at the one - yard line . after a struggle , the two man rest on the floor , catch they breath in a relaxed embrace . sigfried please , do not leave I . I will call you Ted from now on . ted it 's not I , mister , I swear . sigfried personally , I do not give a fuck , Ted , it 's just I do not want to be alone right now . I be feel a little vulnerable . sigfry heave the gun over he shoulder , grab a half - empty bottle of Jack Daniel 's , and pass it to Ted , who take a hit . sigfried ( continue ) no gun , okay ? just you and I , Ted . you know my father use to say that forgiveness be the only thing that evil can not sink its tooth into . ted that 's beautiful . sigfried kind of nice down here on the floor , be not it , Ted ? ted yes , actually . sigfried thing take on a whole new perspective ... you would like my trust , would not you , Ted ? ted yes I would . sigfried I just get one thing to ask you and I will let you go . ted okay . okay . sigfried tell I straight now . ted what ? sigfried what be it like ? ted what be what like ? sigfried you know , you and she . ted oh , for fuck sake , sigfry , what do you want I to say ? sigfried either way you be fuck , right ? you ever gonna see she again , Theodore ? ted if I ever see she again , I would run the other way . sigfried promise ? ted I promise . sigfry release Ted and stand up . sigfried you be lie , but I can respect that , Ted . if you tell I , it would no longer be a secret , and secret have a power , kid . you open that box and they disappear forever . a bad secret will rip you apart , but the good one be all you get . in the end , when all the people you know be dead and go , all you will have leave be you secret . and when you die , the box be open and it all blow away -- dust to dust -- all the anger , jealousy , desire and love just blow away . sigfry throw he hand out to help Ted up . sigfried ( continue ) so you know what I say , let 's call it a truce , kiddo . sigfry take Ted by the hand and lead he to a open window . Ted be overcome by the sweetness in sigfry 's voice and follow he to the window willingly . the two man look out into the dark Los Angeles night . sigfried ( continue ) I be a man of love , Theodore . Love be all I live for . ted I can see that . sigfried maybe to a fault . ted do not beat yourself up over it . sigfried that 's nice of you to say , Ted , but I probably should make a clean break of it , cut she loose and get my own place . I just can not imagine live without she . do you think I should seek professional help ? ted it 's not for everyone , but maybe in you case it could help . sigfried you ever be out on the ocean at night ? Ted shake he head . sigfried ( continue ) I have ... scary as a motherfucker , all that darkness around you . it 's like a big black carpet roll out as far as the eye can see . sometimes , if you be lucky , you will see a light . it could be as small as a little spark , but it will cut a path straight through all that blackness , straight to you . it could be another boat , or some distant fire on a island , but that light will shed a shine path of diamond cut through mile after mile of darkness to lie at you foot . that 's love , Ted , it 's like a path of light in a ocean of darkness . Ted and sigfry stare out of the window in peace , transfix by the glimmer light of the city . a loud shot ring out , shatter the still moment . the two man spin around . Angela stand there with a smoking gun hang at she side . sigfry drop to he knee . Ted check he out , no blood . Angela have fire the gun into the floor below . Ted look up at Angela . Angela open the chamber of the pistol and hand the bullet to Ted . angela ( to Ted ) you would better go check to see if I kill anybody downstairs . sigfry be bent over , silently weep on the floor . ted you people gonna be okay ? Angela sit next to sigfry and gently stroke he back . angela we be fine , Ted . Ted point to a tray with half - eat food on it . ted would you like I to ...? angela another time , Ted . Ted slowly walk toward the door and take one last look at the strange couple at rest in the corner of the room before close the door behind he . CUT to : int . hallway --moment later Ted walk down the hallway , lose in think . a energetic Young guy with a bouquet of flower plow into he . young guy happy New Year , buddy . ted happy New Year . young guy I be just in room 404 , what a party ! you know where room 409 be at ? ted beat I . it 's somewhere around here . the guy take off in the direction Ted 's walk from . Ted suddenly realize who this guy be and whip around , shouting to the Young guy . ted ( continue ) hey , what 's you name ? the door slam on room 409 . fade out fade to black story title card : room 716 " the misbehaver " fade up the front desk super : 10:30 p.m. Ted be relax at the front desk . he breathes slowly . he finally have one moment 's peace after a already long night . he even have a chance to straighten he tie . the phone ring . ted Front desk . CUT to : room 716 close - up of a cigarette hang out of a man 's mouth as he speak into the telephone . man bottle of moet et chandon . fast . man hang up the phone and stub out he cigarette into a already overstuff ashtray by the bed . man turn around to face the camera . he be a dark and handsome Latin male in he mid-30s . dangerous . impatient . he walk toward the camera as he continue straighten he tie . he stop at the door of the bathroom and watch he wife and two kid get ready for the party . wife seem to be a beautiful woman in she mid-30s . the child be Sarah , nine , and juancho , six . man strike up another cigarette and finish he tie . he watch he wife comb juancho 's hair down and to the side like a idiot . not be able to stand it anymore , man tear juancho away from he wife and snatch the comb . man give I that ... man begin to slick juancho 's hair back . man there ... see ? you look cool with you hair up like this . like I ... juancho be smile now . he 's happy he 's go to look like he dad . man not down and to the side , all stupid like you mom like to comb it . juancho look over at Sarah , who be go through the tortuous ritual of have she mother brush the tangles out of she long , unmanageable hair . wife seem to be take out she aggression on the tangle mess . man be start to have problem of he own with juancho 's hair . juancho 's hair be thin than man 's , so it will not stay up . man put down he cigarette in order to get a better handle on it . we see the frustration grow in he face . juancho pick up the cigarette and pretend he 's smoking too , just like he dad . man tear the cigarette away from juancho and smoke it down to the filter . he look at he own cool hair , and then down at juancho 's , which will not stay up . man flick the cigarette butt into the toilet in frustration . man you have get you mother 's hair . in anger , man start mess up juancho 's hair . man I can not do anything with it . furious , man simply swipe juancho 's hair back down and to the side , the way wife have it before . juancho look like a idiot again . man there . go. juancho slouches past everyone as he exit the bathroom . Sarah watch he leave as she own hair be finish . wife ( put a plastic clip in Sarah 's hair ) there . go. Sarah exit . wife then finish she own gorgeous hair . man light up a new cigarette . wife ( mock ) so , be we gonna have fun tonight ? man blow smoke in wife 's face as he walk out of the bathroom . wife I do not think so . Sarah have join juancho in watch television . man watch the child watch tv . we can see the wheel turn in man 's head . he turn back to the bathroom . he watch wife now . wheel turn . practically burn rubber . man hey . wife put the lipstick down and turn to she husband . she be beautiful . man ( shrug ) let 's just leave the kid here . wife glance out at the child , eye glue to the tube . wife here in the room ? by themselves ? man no ... with the television . wife think about it for a second . she shrug a " sure . " man you want to have fun tonight , do not you ? wife yes . man they will be fine . he kiss wife 's face and exit the bathroom . she cover the wet spot with more cake makeup . man hey . the child turn to face he . man you guy be go to stay here and watch tv . the child look at each other . man I want you to be in bed asleep before twelve . you mother and I will be back later on . wife go straight for the door . man okay ? he blow one kiss . one for both of they . as man and he wife walk out the door , man turn back to the child ... man do not misbehave . he close the door . Sarah stand in the middle of the room . she 's look at the door man and wife just disappear through . stun . her dress look frilly and beautifully uncomfortable . she touch the edge of the fabric . sarah why do we have to get all dress up if we be not go with they ? CUT to : int . hallway man and wife be walk down the hall . man stop in he track . wife stop too and look at man . they wait . CUT to : room 716 juancho shut off the television . he drop the remote to the floor . his attention be on the firework outside . he leap to the window and begin unlatch it . sarah what be you do ? juancho escape . stink in here , anyway . man burst through the door of the hotel room and stand in the doorway , glaring at the mischievous juancho . juancho bang he head on the window try to get back inside . he leap to the floor and try to turn on the tv with the remote . man ( stern ) what do I say ? juancho turn to man as if he would be sit there watch television the whole time . man behave . juancho yes , papa . Ted appear at the door with man 's champagne . ted the champagne you order , sir . man no time for this . leave it on ice . Ted proceed to place the champagne in the room . wife but I want some now ... Ted be tear . man push he into the room . man there will be plenty for you and the party , baby , you can bomb yourself all you want at the party . wife what a waste . Ted place the bucket near the bed . after set up the bottle , he turn to leave , but now man close the door , trapping Ted inside with they . man ( to Ted ) hey . Ted look around , bewilder . now what ? man be reach into he coat pocket . man you want five hundred buck ? ted sure ! man hesitates a moment , then pull out he wallet . that be too easy . man how about three ? ted Three hundred ? man yeah . ted Three 's good . man my child be stay here tonight watch tv . I want you to check up on they every thirty minute . ted check up on them ? man make sure they be all right , make sure they be feed , make sure they go to bed . ted we can call out and hire a babysitter . man I do not trust babysitter . my child be safer alone than with some fuck - up pedophile babysitter I do not know from the man in the fuck moon . wife what about he ? what make you think you can trust he ? man grab Ted 's face and tilt it torward wife . man tell I that 's not a face you can trust . man let go of Ted 's face . he feel he jaw . it 's still there . ted look , sir , I would like to help you out , but I really can not . I be all alone here tonight . man whip out he wallet and count out money in Ted 's face . man one hundred ... two hundred ... three hundred ... ted I think you say five hundred . man glare at Ted . man I say three hundred . Ted do not back down . ted no , you distinctly say five hundred . the angrier man get , the quieter he talk . man you call I a liar ? Ted , while not back down , massage the situation . ted no , I be not say you be lie . I be say you accidentally forget that what you first say be five hundred . man have never be challenge like this by a fuckin ' bellboy . man I do not do anything accidentally , jerk . I might have first say five hundred , but what I last say be three hundred , and what you say last be what count . Ted not only do not back down , but psychologically poke he finger in the scary man 's chest . ted well then , if you say five hundred one last time , we get a deal . man 's eye narrow . he physically poke he finger in Ted 's chest . man you fuckin ' with I , pendejo ? now Ted take a step backwards . ted no , not at all . it 's New Year 's Eve and I be here alone . if there be somebody else here , no problem , but I be by myself . and look after you kid be a pain in the ass I do not need -- man you callin ' my kid a pain in the ass ? ted -- no , they be not a pain in the ass , it 's the situation that 's a pain in the ass . man drop the tenseness . man no , you be right the first time . you win , tough guy , five hundred . man respects Ted for not back down , but not insulting he either . a skill man never learn . wife shoot a look at the child . wife ( disgust ) you kid be get expensive . juancho turn back to the tv . Sarah stare down wife . man ( look at name tag ) what 's you name ? Ted ? close - up of name tag . ted yeah . it 's Ted . man tear off Ted 's name tag and throw it to child . man ( to the child ) his name be Ted . if you need anything , dial 0 and ask for Ted . Sarah catch the name tag and read the name on it : " ted -- bellhop . " Sarah look up at Ted . she clip the pin to she dress and smile shyly at he . man put the money in Ted 's pocket and then grab he ear , pull he close . man ( deadly whisper ) if something happen to my child , I would not want to be you . wife make sure they be in bed before midnight . ted ( think ) before midnight ? then should I wake they up for the countdown to the New Year ? wife look disgust . wife no ... as man and wife exit , he turn to the kid and say : man do not misbehave . man close the door . int . hallway man and wife book it down the hall before Ted can change he mind . room 716 Ted be stand face the door the man and wife just disappear through . he turn around slowly to face the child . his eye be wide . his face be quiet . stern . the child be stare at he . ted okay . this be the rule . do not break the rule and I will not break you neck . the kid look at each other . ted ( smile ) I always want to say that . someone say that to I when I be a kid . Sarah laugh at he joke . ted except they be joke . I be not . Ted go to the door . ted the rule be simple . do not do anything you would not do if you parent be here . if there 's a emergency , call I on the phone , like you dad say . sarah that 's not what he say . Ted 's surprised by a challenge this early in the game . sarah he say to call if we need anything . ted well , I have get a lot of work to do and I can not have you call I every time you want a drink of water , so please limit you call to emergency only . sarah we pay you five hundred dollar . we will call you if we need anything . you do not want to upset my dad . ted okay . please . try to call only when necessary . watch tv , and if you be good , I will bring up some milk and cookie . bye . Ted leave . CUT to : int . hallway Ted walk briskly down the hall , count he money the whole way . CUT to : int . room juancho take off he sock and shoe and throw they onto the floor . Sarah look at the discard shoe and sock . close on the shoe and sock . Sarah look over at juancho 's bare foot . her nose twitches . sarah you foot stink . juancho smell he foot . juancho they do not stink . Sarah throw he shoe and sock behind she . they land on the bed . juancho be flipping channel and find a interesting show . juancho check it out . T &amp ; A. Sarah realize he find a nudie station . sarah Change it . you be not suppose to watch this . juancho we be suppose to watch tv . sarah not this kind of tv . Change it . juancho roll up in a ball , the remote tuck in some recess of he stomach . Sarah hit he , then go to the phone . she punch 0 , sit on the bed , and check the name on the name tag pin to she shirt . CUT to : front desk Ted walk up to the front desk just as the phone ring . ted Front desk . int . room Sarah be take off she white winter tight . sarah Ted ? hi . it 's I , Sarah . you be we sitter for tonight . ted oh , Jesus , what do I tell you ? I say if you do not bother I , you will get milk and cookie . now , do you want they or do you not ? sarah I want you to turn off the nudie station in we room . Ted check the computer . ted ( read stat on room 716 ) I can not turn on a adult station without permission from you parent . sarah no. ( struggle with winter tight ) not turn it on , turn it off . it 's already on . ted that 's not what the machine tell I . sarah well , stop listen to the machine and listen to I . there 's naked lady dance on my tv and I want them off . ted if you be good , you will get milk and cookie , so leave I alone , please . I will be up later to put you both to sleep . he hang up . room 716 angry , Sarah slam down the phone . she have a unusually adult temper . we know where she get it from . she look up and see that the nudy be still in full force . sarah Change the channel , now ! juancho turn around . he have a face like someone just laid a fart in he nose . juancho man , you be the one with the stinky foot . Sarah smell she foot . twice . sarah they do not stink . juancho yeah , they do . sarah here , smell for yourself . she stick she foot out for juancho to smell . he 's reluctant . fearful . sarah go ahead . he slowly , very slowly ... climb onto the bed and lower he head to she foot . very slowly . Sarah wait until he 's close enough to she foot before she kick he in the face , send he somersault off the bed and crash to the floor . she grab the remote control he leave behind and change the channel to a cartoon . juancho get up and realize he defeat . he decide to wander about . look for something to do ... Sarah try to ignore he as he stalk the room . it 's only a matter of time before he find mischief . juancho see the champagne bucket and bingo ! , he go for the bottle . juancho ( hold up the bottle ) hey , get a bottle opener ! Sarah open she mouth , as if about to tell he to leave the champagne alone . she stop herself when she realize she want some champagne too . she quickly scramble about for a bottle opener while juancho unwrap the bottle top . Sarah open the dresser drawer with such force that a few hide content long forget in the back of the drawer slide forward . some coin , a paperclip , and a hypodermic needle . she look down at the needle that lay beside the gideon Bible and casually pick the phone back up and punch 0 . the phone ring . front desk Ted , bucket of ice in he hand , get ready to go to room 404 . as he cross the desk , the phone ring . he look at the board and see room 716 's light blink . he sigh in exasperation . int . room Sarah see juancho shaking the champagne bottle violently . sarah do not shake it ! ( into phone ) Ted ? hi. it 's I . Sarah . ted yeah . who die ? no one ? then do not call I . sarah I think I would tell you that you clean lady be do a bum job . there 's all kind of leftover stuff around here . Sarah pick up the needle and roll it over in she hand several time . sarah Needles and thing . we be not suppose to have needle here , be we ? I mean , they do not come with the room , do they ? send someone up here to clean this place up right . the champagne bottle explode all over juancho . he look surprised . sarah ( to juancho ) I told you not to shake it ! ( to Ted ) I gotta go . my brother just explode the champagne all over the room . oh , and bring we a couple of toothbrush . there 's a card in the bathroom that say you will bring free toothbrush if we ask for they . she hang up . a frustrated Ted hang up the phone . he walk briskly to the elevator . Sarah and juancho be pour themselves champagne . they turn up the television and drink . juancho shudder at the taste , but try to drink as much as Sarah . Sarah clearly do not like it , but try to pretend she do . Sarah pick up a instruction card near the phone to see how to make room - to- room call . sarah I be call another room , give I three number . juancho 4 - 0 - 9 . Sarah punch in the room number . the phone ring . she hold the needle up to the light to examine it . sarah hello ? hi . you do not know I , and I do not know you , but ... do you have any needle ? we have get needle here and I be wonder if they come with the room or not . do not have any ? thanks . just check . she hang up . juancho put down he champagne glass and search he father 's coat pocket . he find a pack of cigarettes and take one out . he put it in he mouth and pretend to smoke . Sarah check out the hypodermic needle carefully . she have a idea . montage : in the bathroom , Sarah seek out she mother 's lipstick . room 716 Sarah stand atop the chest of drawer and use the lipstick to draw a bull 's - eye on one of the hotel art painting . she write number next to each circle represent point . juancho be stand at the foot of the bed , cigarette hang out of he mouth , as he practice he dart - throw technique . sarah ( point out the rule ) the center be the bull 's eye , 100 point , this one 's 10 point , this one 's 20 point . whack ! the needle land a inch from she face in the 20 - point slot . sarah hey , wait a minute . let I get out of the way ! Sarah , a little tipsy now , grab the needle and stagger to the bed . she hear the key in the doorway and throw the needle into the curtain to hide it . Ted enter the room , somewhat dishevel from he encounter with sigfry . he have a tray and a new bottle of champagne . he put the champagne bottle into the empty bucket . he spot the original bottle lie on the floor half empty and drip into the carpet . ted I bring you some milk and cookie . if you want some you have to eat they now , because you be go to sleep . sarah we be go to sleep now ? ted you parent say put you to bed before midnight . well , it 's before midnight . maybe that way you will leave I alone . sarah that be not milk and cookie . ted we be out of cookie , so I bring you milk and saltine . do not complain ! now hurry up and eat . you be go to bed right now . juancho bite into a saltine . Sarah simply examine one . juancho this be old . sarah they be stale . ted ( impatient ) dip them in the milk ! the milk will make they soft . Sarah give up and throw the cracker back onto the tray . she 's a little drunk . Ted pick up the ruin champagne bottle . juancho dip he cracker and eat they . he make a face and drop a soggy cracker onto the tray . ted no cracker ? okay , fine . sleepy time . now , I do not want you guy wander around , so if you need to go to the restroom , go now . they go to the bathroom . Ted sit on the bed . wait . he see the painting on the wall but can not figure out what 's different about it . the red lipstick blend right into the aesthetic value of the painting . Ted smell something funny . he look down and see the sock on the bed . he grab a fork from the tray and use it to throw the sock across the room . the kid come back out . juancho what about we pajamas ? ted you wanna look nice in case there 's a earthquake , do n'tcha ? the child nod . ted okay . then stay in that clothes . the kid lie on the bed . Sarah notice a jar of mentholatum ointment on the dinner tray . sarah what 's that ? ted oh , this be just some mentholatum ointment . come on , under the cover . Close you eye and I will tell you a story . the child close they eye . Ted open the jar of the ointment and sniff it . strong stuff by the look on he face . ted you dad say he do not trust babysitter . I do not blame he . you know what my babysitter do to I once ? ( confide ) I never tell my parent , either . the child lie in the bed , eye close , listen intently . Ted dip he finger in the jar of vaporous ointment . ted I hate go to sleep . you know , it 's nighttime and you wanna run around and act crazy . so what my babysitter do to make sure I would go to sleep and not be tempt to get up , be , she would take some of this vapor rub stuff ... can you smell this ? eye close , the kid inhale . they smell the ointment and nod yes . ted well , she would just dab a little of this over each eyelid , so that I would be sure and keep my eye close all night . Ted be spread the ointment over they eyelid as he say this . ted there . now you have get some , too ! do not open you eye or it will burrrn , burn , burn . the smell help clear you sinuse too , so it 's do double duty . juancho what happen when it 's morning ? ted if you keep you eye close all night , it will wear off by morning . but don't OPEN you eye before that ... sarah do you ever open you eye ? extreme close - up on Ted 's eye . ted yes ... I do . the child be quiet . ted and now look at I . child ( in unison ) we can not . ted good . you will do just fine . sleep well and I will not tell you parent about the champagne . Ted leave . CUT to : after a moment of darkness after a moment of darkness , the night be disturb by the loud crash of firework outside the window . Sarah sit up , eye close . her face feel the warmth come from the window and she tilt she head toward it . the light of the firework dance its reflection off she face . she inhale deeply ... then make a sour face . she go for the bathroom , arm outstretch like a blind girl . she get to the bathroom , turn on the light , and search for the sink . she begin to wash the ointment off she eye very carefully . she dry she eye thoroughly and open they ... check they in the mirror . a little red , but otherwise fine . she go back into the bedroom , turn on the television and grab the new champagne bottle . she shake it violently . juancho wake . he turn he head to she . his eye be still close . juancho be you watch tv ? the champagne bottle explode . she pour herself a glass . sarah yep . if you wanna watch too , you have to go wash you face . juancho get up smile and try to run to the bathroom . he slam into the wall , hard . sarah be careful ... juancho walk into the bathroom a little slower , more cautious . Sarah pour herself another glass . she downs the glass and shudder . she smell the bad smell again . only now she really smell it . she smell she foot . nothing . she smell the champagne . nothing . juancho enter the room and sit on the bed . Sarah grab he foot and smell it . she drop he foot . juancho stare blankly at she . Sarah look down at the mattress . she smell the mattress . juancho look at she as if she 's drunk . Sarah leap off the bed and turn on the room light . she take a huge swig from the champagne bottle , then stalk toward the mattress . juancho leap off the bed as well and stand back . Sarah pull the mattress off of the bedspring enough to see what be underneath it . juancho scream . Sarah be too stunne to scream . stuff into the bedspring be a woman 's dead and beat corpse . CUT to : close on Ted 's phone ringing . Ted look at the phone as if ponder whether or not to answer it . he tap he finger . finally he answer the phone . room 716 sarah Ted ! ted what do you want now , for Christ 's sake ! who die ? sarah ( near tear ) I do not know , but she 's in my bed ! ted what ? sarah there 's a dead body in my bed ! ted that 's just you brother . sound asleep . sarah no , there 's a woman 's dead body inside the bed , in the mattress . ted you see the body ? sarah yes ! ted impossible . you have get ointment on you eye ! you can not see shit ! now go to sleep ! Ted hang up the phone . Sarah redial . Ted answer . ted godammit , go to sleep ! sarah ( cry now ) I wash it off ... ted you wash off the ointment ? sarah ( piss , drunk ) yeah , do not you ever think to do that ? Ted be quiet on the line . think . juancho light up a cigarette for real and take nervous puff . Sarah carry the phone over to juancho and snatch the cigarette away from he . she stuff it in she own mouth and nervously take a long drag on it . sarah ( through cigarette ) you never try it , do you ? then you agree I be smarter than you ... ted all right . now you listen to I ... sarah get you ass up here and call the police , because there 's a dead body in my bed and it smell like shit and it look even worse , and if you do not help we , my dad be gonna lay you down right next to she , I swear to fuck God ! she drink from she champagne bottle . she 's pull the mattress back over the corpse again . juancho go , sis . she 's drunk all right . ted ( incense ) I be come up and if there be not a dead body by the time I get there , I will make one myself . you ! front desk Ted slam down the phone . as he walk away from the counter , he spot the child 's parent drive up to the valet out front . ted oh shit ! Ted break into a sprint and dive into a close elevator . CUT to : room 716 Sarah continue to cover the body with the mattress . elevator Close on Ted 's face as the elevator car race up seven floor . lobby the man be carry he drunk wife through the lobby . not happy . room 716 Ted burst into the room . he see the disarray . Ted push the champagne out of Sarah 's hand , spilling it onto the floor . ted what the fuck be go on ??!! he see juancho with the cigarette hang out of he mouth and rip it away from he . the butt go fly onto the carpet near the spread champagne spill . ted you parent be on they way up and I be not take responsibility for this mess ! sarah check under the mattress ! ted for what ? sarah ( cry ) for the body , can not you smell it ? ted it 's you foot ! Sarah grab the mattress and pull it off herself . Ted see the rotting corpse . vomit spew out of Ted 's mouth . ted ( gurgle through vomit- spew lip ) Jesus fuck Christ ! what the fuck be this ? he tear at the phone . ted ( into the phone ) Police , it 's a emergency ! ( pause ) hello , Police , this be the mon signor Hotel , get someone up here right fuck now , there 's a dead whore stuff under the mattress ! tear well in Sarah 's eye as she look at the body . sarah do not call she that ... ted ( into the phone ) I be dead fuck serious , there 's a dead fuck Whore stuff in the bedspring of the fuck bed ! sarah stop call she that !! Sarah grab the hypodermic needle from under the curtain and stab it into Ted 's leg . ted fuck !! Sarah step back , almost trip over the champagne bottle . she pick up the bottle and hold it defensively in case Ted try to retaliate . Ted spin around , now notice the needle stick out of he leg . ted Jesus !! juancho light up another cigarette . the champagne spill have spread to the fall cigarette butt . the carpet burst into flame around the spill . CUT outside to : ext . room close on a key go into the keyhole outside . back to : room 716 Ted try to pull the syringe out of he leg , but yanking it make it break in two , the plunger in he hand , and the needle still stick in he leg . Ted stagger and grab hold of the dead woman 's foot for support as he step on the remote control , flipping the tv on to the nudie channel , just as ... man open the door . man stand at the door , drunk wife unconscious on one arm , the door knob in the other hand . he 's look mean . man 's Pov : focus on the dead woman in the bedspring . we pan up the dead woman 's leg to find Ted hold she foot . we pan down Ted 's leg to find the hypodermic needle jutting out ... then pan over to the other hand hold the break syringe plunger . we pan over to the nudie channel , then down to the fire blaze behind the child . Pan up to the drip champagne bottle in Sarah 's hand , then over to the cigarette hang out of juancho 's mouth . juancho toss he cigarette out of he mouth to a area behind he . another blaze start immediately . man drop he wife to the floor . in the wide shot of Ted and the child , we see that the firework be burst big and bright outside the window behind they . almost as bright as the flame eat through the room . man simply glare at ted. finally man speak ... man do they misbehave ? Ted stare blankly at man ( the camera ) as the sprinkler burst on ... drench the room as the picture fade to black four room fade up on int . HOTEL lobby -- night super : one minute after robert story . twenty minute before dawn . the elevator ride down to the lobby . the door open and a wet , dishevel , and frantic Ted step out . he stagger across the lobby to the reception desk . he grab the phone . int . betty' apt --almost dawn the wild New Year 's Eve party be wind down . some guest be pass out , some be asleep , some be make out , two guy be play nintendo , a girl watch they . the phone ring . the girl , who wear a " guinness Stout " T-shirt , answer the phone . guinness girl happy New Year ! back to ted : back and forth ted let I speak to Betty . guinness girl Party 's over , she probably go home . ted she life there . guinness girl oh , well , I have not see them in a while . ted do you even know who I be talk about ? guinness girl yeah ... yeah ... yeah ... I know them , I know eddy . ted Betty , not eddy . guinness girl yeah ... yeah ... I know Betty too ... tall ... ted no , not particularly . she 's get curly red hair . guinness girl no , no , no , no , no , I know , I know . japanese girl . ted she 's not japanese ! I just say she have red hair . guinness girl yeah ... yeah ... yeah ... I know she . ted well , then get she on the phone , it 's a emergency . guinness girl who -- who should I say 's call ? ted tell them teddy from work 's on the phone , and it 's a major fuckin ' emergency . guinness girl gotcha , Betty from work . ted not Betty from work , I be call Betty ! I be teddy . just say Ted . guinness girl hi , Ted , I be Margaret . you sound down . have this not be the happiest of New Year 's ? ted ( resign himself to talk with Margaret ) no Margaret , this have not be my best New Year . this year 's start off pretty badly . margaret awww , how come ? ted well , Betty -- the chick whose house you be at , even though you do not know she -- leave I here all by myself on New Year 's Eve . and first thing right off the bat , I be fuck by a coven of witch . margaret a oven full of witch fuck you ? be that like at the circus when they stick all that clown in a itty - bitty car ? ted a coven . a coven of witch . well , one witch in particular . margaret be she a old hag with a mole , with hair grow out of it ? ted no - no - no , she be ... quite beautiful . Margaret think for a moment . margaret Ted ? ted yes . margaret what 's the problem ? ted well , admittedly , that be the best part of the night . it be pretty fuckin ' cool , actually . but it be still a unnerve way to start off the night . margaret sound to I like a pretty great way to start off the night . ted okay , let 's just skip over the witch . margaret -- skip over the witch . ted so , later , in another room , some crazy suck maniac stick a gun in my face and force I to play out some psychosexual drama with he wife . margaret he make you have psycho sex with he wife ? ted no , he do not make I fuck he wife , he think I would fuck he wife ! he hold I at gunpoint with a load gun ! margaret what kinda gun ? ted I do not know , I be not a gun guy . it be big . margaret like dirty Harry 's gun . ted yeah , something like that . margaret do it have a real long barrel or a short barrel ? ted what difference do it make ? margaret well , for one thing it 's the difference between a .44 Magnum and a Magnum .357 . ted who care if it be a .44 or a .392 , it be a fuckin ' load gun , point at my fuckin ' head ! Margaret take this in . margaret you wanna skip over this part , too ? ted I want you to get Betty on the phone ! margaret hold on . ( yell to the room ) anybody live here name ... ( to Ted ) what 's she name again ? ted Betty . margaret Betty ! the sleepy room stir . Betty wake up from the floor . betty yeah , whatcha screamin ' about ? margaret you be Betty ? betty yeah , I be Betty , it 's my fuckin ' place , who the fuck be you ? margaret I be Margaret ( hand she the phone ) and this be Ted . Betty take the phone . betty Ted , what 's the problem ? ted what 's the problem ? I do not get a problem , I get fuckin ' problem ! wanna hear ? betty ( yawn , wiping sleep from she eye ) sure . ted well , most recently , there 's room 716 . there 's a scary mexican gangster dude pokin ' he finger in my chest . there 's he hooligan kid snap they finger at I . there 's the putrid rotting corpse of a dead whore stuff in the spring of a bed . there be room blaze afire ... there 's a needle from God know where stick in my leg , infect I with God know what , and finally , there 's I walk out the fuckin ' door right now ! buenas noches . a ringing SOUND happen that we have not hear before . Ted 's head turn toward it . it 's the guest board . and the top light , the penthouse , be ringing . it ring where all the other buzze . Betty can hear it distinctly on she side of the line . the sound fully wake she up . they start talk Howard hawk style again . betty ( suddenly alert ) be that the penthouse ? ted yeah . betty that 's the Chester rush party , they want something . ted yeah , well , tough titty . they be just gonna have to wait , ' cause I be out the door . betty ( panic ) now , Ted , wait a minute . I know you be freak , I know you be stress . you have have a real bad night -- ted yes , Betty , I have have -a-real - bad-night -- betty -- you say there 's a dead body in a room ? ted yes , I do . betty no problem , this be a hotel , we have have dead body before , it 's just the price of do business . you say the hotel be on fire . be it still on fire ? ted no , it 's out . betty good , sprinkler system work like a charm . now , you wanna leave , you have have enough . perfectly understandable . I will take care of everything else . the only thing I ask be that you take care of Chester rush . then you can leave . ted now , look -- betty Ted , he 's a very important guest of this hotel . in fact , he be the most important guest at the hotel . the mon signor use to be a haven for movie star . through the thirty and forty , and the first half of the fifty , more movie star -- if you break it down on a night - by-night basis -- stay at the mon signor than any other hotel in Hollywood . now , we have some hard time in the eighty , even though we be the official hotel of cannon picture , but we be come back strong in the ninety . and a movie star clientele be important to that comeback . if we can keep star of he magnitude happy , we be on we way . so , Ted , just take care of he , then you can leave . ted look , I do not feel like -- betty he probably just want some champagne ! you can do that , can not you ? please just take care of he , the entire staff of the mon signor be begging you ! Ted crumble . ted okay . but get you ass here pronto . betty you be a good man , Ted . thanks . Ted hang up the phone . and pick up the board phone . ted hello , Mr. rush . sorry for the delay . how can I help you ? fade to black story title card : the penthouse " the man from hollywood " ext . hallway to penthouse --night the elevator door open and Ted wheel out he tray into the hallway . there 's be a bit of a effort to make himself appear a bit less dishevel than in the last scene . he 's only minorly successful in the attempt . his uniform still look like shit , he hair look tousle , and he walk with a limp . he wheel the cart up to the penthouse door and knock at the door . a woman open the door , it 's Angela from Alex 's story . angela hi , Theodore . ted what the hell be you do here ? she hold up the drink she have in she hand . angela have a drink . ted be that crazy husband of yours in there ? angela be you kid , he will be asleep till Christmas . from behind she we hear : voice ( o.s. ) entrez , entrez . Angela step aside and Ted wheel in the tray . int . penthouse --night the penthouse be huge , far and away the best suite in the house . and stand in the middle of the biggest room in the hotel be the hot , newest comedy star to burst onto the Hollywood scene in nearly a decade : Chester rush . at this moment in time , he 's the king , and he have the swagger of a new king . after only one movie , he 's pull the sword out of the stone . and the look on he face say , " King 's good . " surround he be he entourage . they all look like once upon a time this evening they be dress sharp ; however , at this late hour , everybody look about as dishevel as Ted . one of the lad , norman , have plant root in a comfy chair with he leg throw over the arm and a bottle of Jim beam in he hand . the second guy , Leo , be in the back of the room pace back and forth on the telephone . he be completely oblivious to the rest of the room 's activity . in Chester 's hand be a ever present glass of champagne , which he constantly spill as he gesture wildly . around the room be the leftover : pizza box , fast - food hamburger , and empty bottle of cristal Champagne . chester ( still sit ) entrez , entrez , come in , come in . ted ( wheeling in the tray ) hi , sorry I take so long , but I get everything you ask for -- chester -- not a problem , my friend Mr. bellboy . angela ( close the door ) his name 's Theodore . ted actually , it 's not Theodore , ( he throw a look at Angela ) it 's Ted . Chester rise from the couch . chester so , Ted the bellboy , as I be say -- would you care for some champagne ? that 's not what I be say , but would you care for some champagne ? ted no , thank you . chester ya sure ? cristal . it 's the best . I never like champagne before I have cristal , now I love it . ted okay , yeah , sure . as Chester go and pour Ted a glass : chester -- as I be say , Ted , do not worry about be late . for we purpose , promptness be far behind thoroughness . on " thoroughness , " he hand Ted the glass . chester chin-chin . they clink glass and drink . chester whadya say , Ted ? ted thank you ? chester no , not thank you . whadya say about the tasty beverage ? ted it 's good . chester fuckin ' good , Ted . it 's fuckin ' good . let 's try it again , shall we ? so , Ted , whadya think about the beverage . ted it 's fuckin ' good . chester you bet you sweet bippy , Ted . it 's fuckin' cristal , everything else be piss . norman in the chair start yell at Ted . norman bellboy ! bellboy ! bellboy ! Ted know he 's be laugh at , but not why . chester ( to norman ) knock it off , you be make my friend Ted here uneasy . ( to Ted ) pay no attention to norman here , Ted , he 's just fuckin ' wit ' ya , that 's all . that 's from quadrophenia . now I , myself , when I think of bellboy I think of -- " bellboy " be not a insult , be it ? be there another name for what you do that I be ignorant of ? bellman , bellperson -- ted bellboy 's fine . chester good . I be glad they have not change that . there 's a friendliness to " bellboy . " as I be say , Ted , when norman think of bellboy , he think of quadrophenia . but I , when I think of bellboy , I think of the bellboy , with Jerry Lewis . didja ever see the bellboy ? ted no. chester you should , it 's one of Jerry 's better movie . he never say a word through the entire film . a completely silent performance . how many actor can pull that off ? and he have to go to France to get respect . that say it all about America right there . the minute Jerry Lewis die , every paper in this fuckin ' country gonna write article call the man a genius . it 's not right . it 's not right and it 's not fair . but why should that surprise anybody ? when have America ever be fair ? we might be right every once in a while , but we be very rarely fair . ted where do you want this ? chester you in a hurry , Ted ? ted ( he be , but do not want to rush the movie star ) no , not particularly . chester good , then stop play " beat the clock . " now let I introduce you to everybody . he put he arm around Ted and lead he around the room . Angela cross frame , drink in hand . chester we friend from downstairs you already seem to be acquainted with . as she snuggle up in a big comfy chair : angela oh , I and Theodore go way back . do not we , Theodore ? ted the name 's Ted , Angela . I only let people with load gun at my head call I Theodore . chester Angela 's like you , Ted , a newfound friend . angela we meet at the pool . chester ( to Ted ) have you ever see Angela in a one - piece ? ted no. chester well , it 's something ' to see . ( arm around Ted ) the man sit in the chair , with the bottle of Jim bean in he hand and the sense of humor , be norman . norman , say hello to Ted . norman what 's up ? norman shake he hand . chester the sociable son of a bitch on the telephone be Leo . and the person on the other end of the phone be he lovely wife ellen. ( to Leo ) Leo , say hello to Ted . Leo break away from he phone conversation for two second . leo hi , Ted , glad you could make it . ( back to phone ) what ? ( pause ) what do punctuality have to do with love ? chester which bring I to I , Chester rush , ted. please to meetcha . Chester shake Ted 's hand . ted I know . I be sorry I have not see you movie . Chester stop . Ted wonder if he should have say that . Chester walk over to the table and pour himself some more champagne . when he talk now it 's slower and somewhat distract . the tone of the scene start change . chester it 's quite all right , Ted , nothing to feel sorry about . that 's why God invent video . but you know , Ted , a lot of people do see it . Chester take a drink of champagne , a disgust look cross he face , and he slowly put it down . his manner give the room a chill . when he talk , he address the room . chester who drank out of this bottle last ? no answer . Chester walk over to Ted and fill he glass . chester who drank out of this bottle -- not the other bottle -- this bottle last ? norman what 's wrong , Chester ? he spill the champagne from he glass onto the floor . chester it 's fuckin ' flat , norman , that 's what 's wrong . the champagne -- the fuckin' cristal 's fuckin ' flat . Chester improvise a temper tantrum about the flat cristal . everyone look at he , not know what to say . even Leo walk over to witness . the whole room be uneasy and a little frighten . when Chester finish he tantrum , he turn he attention back to Ted . as he talk to he , he open up another bottle . but it 's not the rapid-pace delivery Chester have do so far . it 's more troubled and distract . chester I be say , Ted , a lot of people do see it . and not just on video , either . Leo , what be the final take on domestic ? Leo be still in the doorway make sure he boy 's cool . leo 72.1 million . ( worried tone ) you okay , champ ? chester ( struggle with bottle ) I be cool , so talk to you wife . Leo turn he attention back to the phone and go inside the room . chester ( to Ted ) 72.1 million dollar . that 's before video and before foreign , and before pay - tv and before free tv . we be talk fuckin ' ass in fuckin ' seat . ( he pop the cork ) before all that other shit , the wacky detective make 72.1 million dollar . Chester walk over to Ted and fill he glass . chester and my new one , the Dog catcher , it 's project to break a hundred . ( he clink Ted 's glass with he ) the Dog catcher . ted the Dog catcher . they both drink . the tantrum 's over , and Chester 's back to he fast - talk , good - nature self . chester now let 's stroll over here and see what goody you bring we . ted do you mind I ask what 's all this stuff for ? chester one thing at a time , Ted . I be not a frog and you be not a bunny , so let 's not jump ahead . c'mon , norman , you should be interested in this . norman damn skippy ! ( pause ) tell it . Ted produce the thing they call for . ted a block of wood . Chester knock on it . chester good . ted Three nail . norman why three nail ? chester that 's how many Peter lorre ask for . continue , Ted . Ted be completely bewilder . ted a roll of twine . chester that 's definitely a roll of twine . continue . ted a bucket of ice . chester ( to norman ) you into it ? norman ( to Chester ) I be into it . chester ( to Ted ) go on . ted a donut . Chester take it and eat it . chester that 's for I . continue . ted and a hatchet . chester a hatchet as sharp as the devil himself be what I ask for . ted well , you be the judge . Ted hold the hatchet out for Chester to take . norman snatch it instead . norman I will be the judge . norman touch the end of the blade with he thumb . chester whadya think ? norman that 's a sharp motherfucker . bring all this bullshit over to the bar . chester you hear he , Ted . Ted be completely confuse and start to get a little scared , but he do what he 's tell . Leo slam down the phone . leo bitch ! norman you still marry ? leo maybe , maybe not , but I do not give a flyin ' fuck either way . I have have it with that machiavellian bitch ! I be too drunk to drive home . I be sorry about that , I be real sorry about that . I get drunk on New Year 's Eve , cut my fuckin ' head off ... ( notice Ted at the bar ) what 's go on here ? chester we now return you to the man from Rio , already in progress . leo ( surprised ) noooo , you be gonna do it ? norman look like . leo you guy be not bullshittin' , you be gonna really go for it ? Angela be still curl up . angela after talkin ' about it all night , they better . I wanna see a show . chester when we do it , you will have something to see . Leo walk up to norman and throw he arm around he . leo you be one radical dude . Ted do not know what anybody 's talk about , which be just fine with he . he finish lay out everything on the bar and say : ted well , that 's everything , so if you do not need I for anything else , I will go back downstairs . chester not so fast , Ted . we be not quite do yet . why do not you take a seat at the bar , get comfortable , and have a open mind when we explain the festivity of the evening to you . ted look , guy , you pay for the room . as long as you do not break up the furniture , you can do whatever the fuck you want . and I personally , I do not care if you break up the furniture . you do not have to explain anything to I . whatever constitute a good time as far as you guy be concerned be you business . chester well , it 's you business , Ted . ' Cause we want you to take part . ted take part in what ? leo Chester , you way of break the news to he gently be scarin ' the shit outta he . angela look at the poor guy . just spit it out . Little by little everybody have gather around Ted . chester first off , let I say that there 's nothing homosexual about what we be go to ask you to do . there 's nothing sexual at all about what we want . but I be thinkin ' you might be thinkin ' we want you to do some sex thing . pee on we , suck we off , shit like that . let I assure you nothing could be farther from what we want -- Angela interrupt : angela can I jump in here ? chester no , you can not jump in here , this be my story . angela Theodore 's be here fifteen minute and you have talk about everything but . chester hey , if you do not like it , you can get the fuck out . Leo tap he champagne glass with a tiny spoon , shutting everybody up . leo if it will please the court , let I explain to Ted we intention . norman ( yell ) I second the nomination ! chester ( yell ) move the nomination be close ! Chester take the hatchet and bring it down on the bar like a hatchet . chester ( calmly ) Leo , the floor be yours . leo thank you . ( to Ted ) Ted , do you ever watch the old " Alfred hitchcock show " ? ted ( totally bewilder at this point ) yeah . leo do you ever see the episode the man from Rio , with Peter lorre and Steve mcqueen ? ted I do not think so . leo oh , you would remember it all right . in the show , Peter lorre make a bet that Steve mcqueen can not light he cigarette lighter ten time in a row . now if Steve mcqueen can light he cigarette lighter ten time in a row , he win Peter lorre 's new car . if he can not he lose he little finger . ( pause ) norman and Chester just make the same bet. ( pause ) norman 's put up he pinky against Chester 's mint convertible , 1964 red convertible chevy corvelle that he can light he Zippo ten time in a row . pause . Ted look at all of they , take in the information , before say : ted you guy be drunk . chester well , that go without say , but that do not mean we do not know what we be do . norman I will tell ya what I be doin' . norman lay a issue of hot classic Cars in front of Ted on the bar . on the cover be a picture of Chester smile , stand next to a beautiful 1964 red convertible chevy corvelle . the headline read : " Hollywood 's hottest New Star next to America 's hottest Old car . " norman I drive a motherfuckin' Honda my sister sell I . you hear what I be sayin ' ? a little white motherfuckin' Honda Civic . ( he hold up the magazine ) you see this shit ?! ( read the magazine ) " Hollywood 's hot new star , next to America 's hot old car . " ( he hand Ted the magazine ) now you take a good look at that machine that this motherfucker over here be stand next to . that 's a 1964 nigger - red , rag-top chevy corvelle . and I love that car more and I love hip , lip , and fingertip . cut to we sittin ' here celebrate , gettin ' high , drinkin ' champagne -- chester -- cristal . when you be drinkin ' anything else , you be drink champagne . when you be drinkin' cristal , you say you be drinkin' cristal . norman -- drinkin ' cristal . watchin ' tv. " Rockin ' New Year 's Eve . " when all of a sudden we flip on Steve mcqueen and Peter lorre bein ' fuckin ' badass . and I look at this funny motherfucker over here , and I say , " I would do that for the chevelle . " leo and Chester reply ... chester " ... oh , really ? " ted you guy would not be doin ' something this stupid unless you be drunk . everybody break into a " here , here " murmur . norman I think that pretty much go without sayin ' . we would probably chicken out . but when you be fuck - up , you do not lie . you tell the fuckin ' truth . and the fuckin ' truth be , my lucky Zippo 's gonna win I Chester 's car . ted ( to Chester ) why be you do this ? chester thrill of the bet . I be the one with something to lose here . ' Cause I can pretty near guarantee that I love my car more and norman love he pinky . ted ( to Leo ) how ' bout you guy , you be just gonna sit back and let you friend mutilate each other ? leo why not ? life do not get much more exciting than this . I mean if norman be puttin ' he dick on the choppin ' block , I would step in , ' cause , ya know in the morning , we would really regret that . but he pinky ? who give a fuck ? I mean theoretically , he could lose that choppin ' onion tomorrow . life still go on . ted ( to Angela ) how ' bout you ? angela ( to Ted ) I do not care . chester which bring we to you part in this little wager . ted I do not have a part . chester now , Ted , my old granddaddy use to say : " the less a man make declarative statement , the less he 's apt to look foolish in retrospect . " now there be some inherent obstacle in this undertake . first of all , I be not some sick fuck like Peter lorre on that show , travelin' the countryside collect finger . we be all buddy , here . nobody want norman to lose he finger . we just wanna chop it off . so if fate do not smile on ol ' norman , we will put he finger on ice and rush ' im to a hospital , where in all likelihood be able to sew it back on . ted hopefully . leo eighty percent . norman we side . chester so norman 's protect . his interest have be look after . my interest , on the other hand , have not . I be as emotionally attach to my car as norman be physically to he finger . I be put up a very expensive piece of machinery on this wager . now , if I lose , I lose , I have no problem with that . I be a big boy , I know what I be do . however , if I win , I wanna win . if norman light he lighter ten time in a row , he 's gonna have no emotional problem about take my car key whatsoever . but if I win , it 's not inconceivable that Leo or myself , at the last minute , might not be able to wield the ax . which bring we full circle to you , ted. sober ted. clear-ey Ted . we want you to be the diceman . pause as they all look at he . Angela break it . angela helluva night , huh , Ted ? ted I gotta get out of here . Ted abruptly get up and make a beeline for the door . Chester whip out a hundred - dollar bill and quickly call to Ted from he position at the bar . chester Ted , I get a hundred - dollar bill here with you name on it , whether you do what we ask or not , just to sit back down in the chair for one minute more . Ted spin in he direction . ted I be not gonna cut off he finger ! chester maybe you will and maybe you will not , but that have nothing to do with this hundred - dollar bill in my hand . you can tell we all to go fuck off and walk right out that door . but if you sit back down and wait sixty second before you do it , you will be a hundred dollar richer . Ted just stand across the room , think . angela Ted . take the money . leo Ted , you be gonna do whatever you want to do . we be just askin ' you to indulge we for another minute more . and Chester 's willin ' to pay for it . Ted think . ted I will take you money , and I will sit back down . but a minute from now , I be gonna walk out the door , and when I do , there will be no hard feeling ? chester well , I want you to have a bit more of a open mind than that , but , yeah , we will either convince you or we will not . no hard feeling . right , guy ? everybody agree . Ted wearily sit back down . Chester position himself in front of Ted at the bar . chester okay , Leo , you be the timekeeper . let we know when one minute begin and when it end . leo you get it . ( he check he watch ) gentlemen , start you engine . Chester jump up and down , loosen up . leo begin ! Chester , who talk fast anyway , start he pitch . it 's Chester who now play " beat the clock . " chester okay , pay attention here , Ted , I be not get much time . now I be gonna make two pile here on the bar . ( he take the hundred - dollar bill and lay it out on the bar ) one pile , ( point at the hundred - dollar bill ) which be yours . and another pile , ( Chester whip out a money roll fat enough to choke a horse to death ) which could be yours . ( he lay a match hundred - dollar bill on the bar , start a second pile ) now , what you have to be aware of be we be gonna do this bet , one way , ( he lay another hundred on the end pile ) or the other . ( he lay another hundred on the pile ) whether it 's you who hold the ax , ( he lay another hundred on the pile ) or the desk clerk downstairs , ( he lay another hundred on the pile ) or some bum we yank off the street . ( he lay another hundred on the pile ) norman you can buy a lot of soup with that pile . chester ( to norman ) shhhh , I be the closer . ( to the group ) how much be on the bar already ? I lose count . angela six hundred . chester six hundred . Ted , do you know how long it take the average american to count to six hundred ? ted no. chester ( lay another bill on the pile ) one minute less than it take to count to seven hundred . you know , Ted , a person 's life be make up of a zillion little experience . ( he lay another bill on the pile ) some , which have no meaning , be insignificant and you forget they . and some that stick with you for the rest of you natural life -- ( he lay another bill on the pile ) -- barring Alzheimer 's of course . now , what we be propose be so unusual , so outside the norm , that I think it would be a pretty good guess that this will be one of that experience that stick . so , since you be gonna be stick remember this moment for the rest of you life , you gotta decide what that memory will be . ( he lay down the last bill on the pile ) so , be you gonna remember for the next forty year , give or take a decade , how you refuse a thousand dollar for one second 's worth of work , or how you make a thousand dollar for one second 's worth of work ? leo time ! chester well , Ted , what 's it gonna be ? Ted look at the pile , then look up . we dolly into he face . flashback we see a quick montage of horrendous moment from all the other storey . int . penthouse --night back to Ted . ted okay . the group cheer . ted but when it 's over , no matter what happen , I get the money ? chester as long as you do you part , you can take the pile , walk out the door , and not say another word . ted let 's do it right now , before I change my mind . norman here , here . everybody get in they position by the bar . norman lay he leave hand on the block of wood with he pinky stick out . in he right hand be he Zippo lighter , poise and ready to strike . Chester hand Ted the meat cleaver . Ted take it , raise it up above norman 's finger , in position . chester perfect , perfect , perfect , perfect ! this be great ! this be a moment in time none of we will ever forget . everybody be crowded around the scene , on pin and needle . chester norman , you ready ? norman ready ! chester Ted , you ready ? ted ready . chester okeydoke . norman , begin . norman look hard at the Zippo in he hand . Ted , hold the cleaver , stare focus on norman 's pinky . norman ready himself . place he thumb on the wheel in the Zippo . take a breath . and strike . it spark , but do not light . without miss a beat , Ted bring down the cleaver , slice off norman 's pinky . norman let out a scream . Ted , in one move , lay down the cleaver , scoops up the money and walk out the door . int . hallway --after dawn camera be position at far end of hallway , look down it at the elevator at the other end . Ted walk out of the penthouse in the f.g. in a medium shot , he take the thousand dollar in he hand , look at it , smile , and stick it in he pocket . it might have be a bad night , but it 's be a profitable one . he chuckle at the irony , and , whistling a happy tune , turn he back on the camera and walk down the hall to the elevator . all the while we hear pandemonium break out behind the door . as Ted walk to the elevator , the credit roll . he wait for the elevator , it arrive , he get in , the door close . as credit continue to roll , we hold for about two beat ... then ... the door burst open and everybody come pile out . everybody 's scream , yell different thing to one another . norman have a bloody towel wrap around he hand , he 's scream and cry . norman my finger , my fuck finger !! Chester have the bucket of ice with the finger in it . Leo 's try to direct everything . everybody 's in frantic activity , except for Angela , who stand back , drink she drink , and watch the show . they all run down the hall , toward the elevator . somebody trip and they all hit the ground . the bucket of ice with the finger go spilling . they run around like crazy , look for the finger and pick up ice cube . norman lie on the floor and scream . they pick it all up , get to the elevator , and push the button . when it arrive , they all dive in except for Angela . angela you know , I be gonna call it a night and go back to my room . it 's be fun . the door close on the scream maniac . Angela walk through a door mark " stairway . " int . 4 th floor hallway --after dawn medium stairway door credit roll continue Angela come through the door ; we steadicam in front of she as she walk the hall , look for she room . she find it ... we stop credit four room Angela stick she key in the door , then stop when she see something approach . the look on she face combine strange awe and mild shock . almost float ethereally , a mysterious blond bombshell , wear diana 's see-through negligee and slipper , armed with elspeth 's sword sling over she shoulder , wander toward she . she be in a daze , perhaps lose or drunk . angela you okay , lady ? the bombshell look up at she dizzily . angela I say -- you look for someone ? diana ( disorient ) uhhh ... yes ... my husband ... I think . have you see he ? Angela and the girl have a strange moment as they connect through the eye . have have enough emotional intensity tonight , Angela break they eye contact . angela Lady , I have not see anybody . diana quietly say , " ohhh , " as she drift on down the hall in a daze . Angela put she hand to she temple before open she hotel door . she do a double - take on the hallway -- empty . she pause a beat , then walk into she room . after the door close , we hear sigfry on the other side . sigfried where the hell have you be ? credit continue to roll the end