four wedding and a funeral by richard curtis draft : 27/10/92 re-type : 18/1/93 spring 1 , int . charles' bedroom . charle & scarlett be house.day . 1. a wedding coat hang on the door of a old wooden wardrobe . the wardrobe be in a bedroom . the bedroom be white , and tall . there be ornate plaster work on the ceiling , but at ground level , clothes be throw about on a minimum of furniture . charle be asleep . his alarm clock go off . his hand sweep up and switch it off . he stay asleep . 2 . int . tom be B oom . tom & fiona' house . day . . another alarm clock be ringing - tom sit bolt upright in he pyjamas . he be a very high spirite , very affectionate and very stupid aristocrat . he reach for a shirt and tie , with the tie already tie round the neck , and the shirt three - quarter buttone - in one movement , he slip they on together , like a late school boy . 3 . int . kitchen . & gareth' hous day . 3. matthew in a very elegant nightgown , make a pot of tea . he be 33 , clean shaven and very intelligent with a very kind face . 4 . int . charles' bedroom . charle & scarlet' house . day . cm charle be fast asleep . 5 . int . fiona' bedroom . & fiona' house . day . S. fiona be tall , attractive , intelligent , aristocratic , 33 . Tom 's sister and he utter opposite . she hold up two dress - she put one in front of she and look in the mirror - pull a disapprove face - then hold up the other - pull a face at that too - she do not like either of they . 6 int . bedroom . tt ! & gareth' house . y. 6 . matthew be buttone up he detach collar . he wear wedding trousers , brace , a white shirt . at which moment gareth pass behind he . he be about 45 - overweight , bearded , with rosy cheek and disposition . at this moment he be wear absolutely nothing . 7 . int . charles' bedroom . charle & scarlett' house . day . 7 . charle be still asleep . 2 8 . int . upstair corridor . tom & fiona' hous day . 8. tom now fully dress in he wedding coat . he emerge from he bedroom door . emerging from the door on the opposite side of the corridor be bernard , he best friend , also in he wedding gear . it be a rather grand , beautifully decorate big house in eaton Square . tom knock on fiona 's bedroom door - she wear a third dress . they be completely ready . 9 ' les ' s_ bedroom . les _& sc . ‘s house.day . 9 . charle , roll over , smile , still fast asleep . 10 . ext . tthew & gar : be house . day . 10 . fiona , tom and bernard pull up in they car outside Matthew and gareth 's charming small brick house where matthew and gareth be wait for they . it look like a little country cottage but in the middle of a London suburban street . gareth point to he watch , imply they be just a little late . he be now wear a luscious waistcoat portray two naked golden cherub , kissing across the button . now david walk coolly down the street towards they : he 's about thirty , slender , very good look . 11.int . char : 's B 00 ) s_& scarlett' house . day a car horn blast in the street and charle .turn , and wake . he reach over sleepily , grab he alarm clock and look at it . charle oo , fuck . charle be thirty to thirty five , fairly good - look , fairly ironic . . -_s ' t's bedroom . c! s_& scarlett house . day . 12 . if you think Charles 's room be untidy , you have not see this one . it be a massive mess , with pink and orange clothing everywhere . a scrawny blonde girl , Charles 's friend , scarlett , 26 , life there . charle tap she on the shoulder : she be deeply asleep , and , when wake , confuse . charle pick up she watch , which be pink and by the bed , and show it to she . she peek through sleepy eye . she 's not from London and not at all upper class . scarlett fuck . 3 13 . int . kitchen . charle & scarlett' house . day . 13 . cu on scarlett try to force a wedge of bread into the toaster - it be much too large . scarlett oo fuck . 14.int . charles' bedroom . charle & scarlett' house . day.14 . cu charle finger connect he brace to the back of he wedding trousers . he bend to tie he shoe , and the brace ping off the back of the trousers . charle fuck . 15 . ext . motorway . tom & fiona' car . day . 5 . tom and fiona 's car calmly join the motorway . 16 . int . kitchen . ' s_& scarlett' house . day . 16 . scarlett , wear she gold - rim glass , be now use a big knife to attack the huge wedge piece of bread in the smoking scarlett fuck , fuck , fuck , fuck , fuck ! i7 . ext . s_& s' " S house . day . 17 . charle & scarlett charge out of the front door of they house . it be a little run down in a beautiful street . scarlett be hold a pink and orange dress , and charle be hold he tail coat and waistcoat . they run round the corner , then stop . charle '' do you lock the door ? scarlett no , do you ? pause . charle fuck it . and they run on . 18 . int / ext . charles' car . day . be . charle and scarlett be sit in a seedy look old jaguar . the engine chortle - it will not start . charle fuck . we will have to take you car . scarlett but she only go 50 mile per hour . charle raise a " want a bet " eyebrow . 19 . T. s' lett car . motorway . day . 19 . scarlett 's tiny Mini Cooper ' S ' be speed along the motorway at a tremendously illegal speed . it be shaking with the effort . scarlett ( v/0o ) ( surprised and delighted ) well , fuck I . 20 . scarlett be . motorway . day . charle what exit ? scarlett faff a little , pick up the map for the first time . they shoot past a exit sign . charle it better not be 13 . she find it proudly . scarlett it 's exit 13 . charle fuck . charle jam on the brake . reverse 50 yard back up the motorway . almost die , then shoot up the sliproad of exit 13 . 21 . ext . s' lett mini . countr ' je. day . 21 . a idyllic stretch of summer countryside - suddenly the Mini shoot into shot and out . 22 . tt. wedd : 1 . country church . day . 22 . it be a idyllic sun -soak small country church , in berkshire . scarlett 's mini screech up , jam on the brake and skid into a lay - by 100 yard away . charle and scarlett leap out of the car , and dress in they formal gear . charle zip up the back of scarlett 's dress and it catch . charle fuck , fuck , fuckity fuck . 5 scarlett straighten he tie - then hold he shoulder and look at he . scarlett yes - fuckable . over she shoulder a large roll royce appear and shoot past they . it be the bridal car . they look at each other . tiny pause . charle bugger . they sprint towards the church . the bride be just get out of the car . charle and scarlett whip past , with a smile and a friendly wave . 23 . int . wedding 1 . untry church . day . 23 . the Church be glow white and be-deck with flower . charle and scarlett survey the weddingly scene of hat and big shoulder . finally they eye fall upon they friend , who we have also be follow . they head for they . charle know he be late ... fiona there be a sort of greatness in you lateness . charle thanks . I try . scarlett slip in - charle acknowledge they all with a wave and head on quickly up the aisle to where the groom be stand . his name be angus and he 's a little tense . he have a small craft orange beard . charle Christ I be sorry , angus . inexcusable . I will be kill myself after the service , of course . angus do not matter - Tom be stand by ... charle thank you , ton . you be a saint . and..disastrous haircut . tom thanks . tom give a enthusiastic thumb up and head back down to join the friend . angus as long as you have not forget the ring . charle nope . charle pat he pocket confidently . when angus look away we see a look of concern slip over charle 's face - he have just pat a empty pocket . at that moment there be a slam of the heavy church door - everyone turn around and a girl with a large blue hat walk in , and down the aisle . she vaguely use the hat to shield herself against curious eye . charle tssk . I hate people be late . angus appreciate the effort to relax he and give Charles a half smile , and at that moment the wedding March start . charle here we go ... angus turn to look down the aisle at he bride . charle feel he top pocket - no luck there either . CUT to : the bride , LAURA , on the arm of she father , with two little and one fully grow bridesmay , lydia . LAURA look a little over - fulsome - the row of friend turn as she pass . scarlett oo , be not she lovely !! fiona scarlett , you be blind . she look like a big meringue . angus smile at charle to share in the joy at he beautiful bride . charle smile back , slightly nervously . cuT to : the couple as the vicar start the service . vicar dear friend - what a joy it be to welcome you to we Church on this wonderful day for angus and Laura . charle look around behind he , try to find a way out of he dilemma . his eye land on the girl in the blue hat . her hair be light by a ray of light come through the stain glass 7 window . charle can only see part of she face . then he remember : he 's get a more important immediate problem . vicar before we start the wedding service , let we sing hymn number 135 . they stand - there be a slight wobble on the organ , and a grind up to tempo as we hear the intro to " Jerusalem " . gareth great grandmother on the organ . that 's nice . matthew quiet . cuT into : the sing . charle be try to attract the attention of he friend , all in they row . finally matthew see he - charle manage to mime the problem . matthew smack he head in mock despair . charle do a little plea . he need help . matthew whisper something in gareth be ear . gareth hold out he hand to reveal no ring . he in turn whisper to fiona . CUT through : four pair of ring - less hand . matthew ( loud whisper ) scarlett ? scarlett give he a big innocent smile - she be the last resort . vicar dearly beloved - we be gather here in the sight of God and in the face of this congregation ... charle ( to angus ) back in a sec ... angus look alarmed as charle walk right to the side of the Church . matthew come to meet he - they stop at the blue hat girl . matthew do the subtle hand - over , without we see the ring . vicar therefore if any man can show any just cause or impediment why they may not be lawfully join together , let they speak now ... charle stop for a second - do not want to make any noise and be mistaken for a objector . carrie - the blue hat girl ( to she neighbour ) I suppose the fact he 's a terrible lay do not count ? charle hear the comment - now he like she even more . but he have to concentrate on the matter in hand . vicar do you promise to love he , comfort he , honour and keep he in sickness and in health , and forsake all other , keep thee only unto he , so long as ye both shall live ? LAURA ( with total love ) I do . charle slip in comfortably next to angus . CUT on : a little later . vicar do you have the ring ? the vicar move towards charle , hold open the Bible , charle take a little step forward and put the still unseen ring on the book . the vicar look slightly surprised . vicar with this ring I thee wed , with my body I thee worship and with all ny worldly goods I thee endow .. angus _ with this ring I thee wed , with ny body I thee worship and with all ny worldly goods I thee endow .. angus slip the ring on to LAURA be finger . it be a huge piece of pink and purple junk jewellery . angus look startle . charle play innocent , and very formal . then LAURA slip hers onto angus ' hand - it be a skull and cross-bone . CUT to : a 35 year old man with not much hair . . GEORGE '' if I speak with the tongue of man and of angel but have not love , I be become a sounding brass , or a clanging cymbal . " gareth good point . CUT to : a couple ( claudia & craig ) with a acoustic guitar play John Denver 's classic hit " Annie 's song " . it isa sister and she boyfriend fill in while the couple sign the register . claudia & craig . '' you fill up my sense like a night in a forest ... " gareth have he head in he hand in despair . a baby start to talk . gareth ( raising he head ) oo , bravo . fiona this be the sort of song that make you cry , be not it , scarlett ? scarlett ( in tear ) be it ? CUT to : the newly - wed leave the Church , the toccata play and baby cry in harmony . charle stand at the door as the guest leave . everyone know he . carrie pass ... . charle great hat . carrie _ thanks - I buy it specially ... she move on , with a slightly wry smile . she 's american . he like she . 24 . ext . no _ 1 . country church . _ D. 24 . the wedding photo be be take . six quick still of the family . in the course of the shot a 6 year old boy go under the skirt of LAURA and emerge smile . then be hit . meanwhile , charle be friend gather on the sideline , a real group , comfortable : matthew , gareth , fiona , scarlett , tom , bernard , david . as charle approach he speak to david in sign - david be he brother - and deaf . ( note : all underline line of dialoque will appear on the screen as subtitles ) charle same old stiff david yes - how do we get stick with this shower _as lifelong friend ? charle you be lucky , you do not have to talk to they . ( he turn ) Fiona - you be look fuck beautiful - I could not tell you earlier in Church , because of the n'fuck ' bit . fiona thank you Charles . kk re tom splendid , I think , what do you think ? bernard I think splendid . kkek charle any idea who that girl in the blue hat be ? they look across at carrie who be listen considerately to a grandmother . fiona name 's carrie . charle pretty . fiona american . charle interesting . fiona slut . charle really ? 11 fiona use to work at vogue . live in America now - only go out with very glamorous people - out of you league . charle that 's a relief . he see carrie walk away from the Church . she remove she exotic blue hat and casually throw it into a dustbin . she then lean over , slip off she dark blue tight and throw they away too . she walk on - charle watch she go . gareth right - reception ? they all turn to go . 25 . xt. untry day . : the guest be head down a lane away from the church towards a huge barn . there be a lovely , rural feel to everything , as though the wedding be a harvest festival . there be pink bow on the sheep they pass . they chat as they walk . tom anyone else tread in a cowpat ? no - think not - see you in a mo . do not want to blow my chance for romance by smell of dung all the way through the reception . fiona do you think I would hate he as much if he be not my brother ? God . I never know what to say in this wretch line -up . . gareth 0 , it 's a cinch - just say the bride look beautiful and be not it a lovely day . to the side , we see tom rub he foot violently against a bale of hay . then another bale gently topple onto he . fiona we can not do better than that ? matthew traditionally , no . unless you want to try " you must be very proud " . 12 26 . nt. barn . reception line . day . 26 . wife LAURA be hugely gushy , laughy , hugging everyone . husband angus be smile , which be unusual for he . then there be the four parent . at the end stand various sister , brother and bridesmaid . fiona ( so sincerely ) you must be very proud . tom ( slightly hay - cover ) hello . gareth and matthew just arrive at the parent ' end of the line . gareth quite superb - it 's make Matthew and I think quite seriously about the possibility of get marry . father of the bride really ? and which be the lucky young lady ? gareth be about to explain that be not exactly what he mean when matthew interrupt . matthew unfortunately they be busy . gareth yes , the life of the air hostess be not a easy one . the mother of the bride be a little over make - up charle ( whisper to scarlett ) clothes by Coco chanel , make - up by caco the clown . charle now reach the mother of the bride and be as charming as possible . charle ( cont ) she be very beautiful - although perhaps not as lovely as she mother ... mother blushes happily and introduce he to claudia , the John Denver singer . 13 mother of the bride why thank you - this be Claudia : she 's do all the catering . charle shake the hand of the over-excite Claudia . charle excellent . if it 's anything like you music , we have really get something to look forward to . scarlett be just behind . scarlett I think she look unbe-fuck - lievably pretty do not you ? mother of the bride ah , yes . scarlett I be surprised you son just do not give she one on the spot , there and then . father of the bride well , quite . scarlett have no real sense of what be the right or the wrong thing to say at any give time . 7 . nt. _ B ; . ' ception . day . 27 . the barn be deck out with beam and flower and ribbon - full of table , with a long table at the end on a slightly raise dais . expensive , but with a nice homey feel to it . the family be upper middle class : there be lot of guest wear dark suit , not wedding coat - and there be lot of flower pattern dress . throughout the reception , the background action be full of the business of wedding : pair of old people stand say nothing - old person taik to young person and yawn - people burn finger on little sausage - child fight and pull table cloth and skirt down . CUT to : our group , in they wedding coat and frock , ready for the fray ~ a wedding magnificent Seven ( actually 8 ) . they stand by a large , proud flower arrangement . . 14 matthew right - synchronise watch - we meet back here in , shall we say - 6 hour time . who 's go to drive - i.e not drink ? gareth head it 's not one of we 5 . tail it 's Tom . he spin a coin . gareth ( cont ) it 's Tom . tom ah well , can not win'em all . he do not sense there might be a trick . ' gareth right - let 's mingle . and remember - be careful - it 's a jungle out : there . they all spread out through the party , like 8 errant knight . charle | you ing ? david no , I will hang out look enigmatic . charle please yourself - I be a _m will a mission . charle wind through people look out for carrie - stand on he toe he see she , grab a glass , and move towards she - but at the last moment , another man join she . charle damn . gareth be that for I ? reaching for the spare glass . charle if you like . gareth thanks . I have spot a ex . I be go to be so amusing , ten minute from now he will die of regret . 15 charle spy carrie , but again she be head off by another good ~ looker - she be clearly much fete by man . charle bastard . charle head for the drink table to stock up again , by the time he turn , she 's alone again . he make it to she , with a few rush ' hellos ' on the way . charle hello - wine ? carrie thank you . charle just as he 's search for what to say , a acquaintance , glimpse in the Church , slip into shot : he 's rather a stiff , 38 go on 60 , stockbroker . JOHN hello , Charles . charle hello John - this be ... sorry , I do not know you ... carrie carrie . JOHN delighted , I be John . tiny pause - who 's to talk ? charle '' so tell I John - how 's 's you gorgeous girlfriend ? JOHN she be no longer my girlfriend . charle o dear - still , do not be too gloomy - rumour have it she never stop shagging old Toby de lisle , just in case you do not work out . JOHN she be now my wife . charle excelient . excellent . 16 carrie take in totally that this be the most embarrassing moment and leave they to it , amused . carrie Excuse I . she leave they . tiny pause . charle ahm ... any child or anything ? carrie move away - she help herself to a drink . she look around and there in the corner , see charle deliberately hit he head against the wall , once . when he stand straight again , a old lady pass he line of vision . he clearly know she , and smile politely . charle hello , lovely to see you . cut to : fiona nearby , talk to a innocent look fellow , with a pudding basin hair cut . fiona the thing I love about wedding be the cry child . they recruit each other in creches : " I will take the sermon - could you fuck up the vow " what do you do ? gerald I be training to be a priest . fiona — good Lord . do you do wedding ? gerald not yet - I will though , of course - damn nerve-rack . fiona like the first time you have sex . gerald well , I suppose so ... fiona though less messy , of course ... and far less call for condom . 17 gerald ( embarrass ) aaahm ... he choke a little on he canape . cut to : charle still shaking he head , face to the wall . david how_ be you do ? charle remember that time I be help dad get the boat in , and you switch on the motor and ie propeller cu 's leq to shred ? david yes . charle thing be worse . CUT to : a pretty red haire girl who have be watch they - she stand next to matthew . serena who 's that boy over there ? matthew his name 's David . serena he 's something of a dish , be not he ? matthew '' I have always think so . ' serena why be they ...? ( mime signing ) matthew the dishy one can not hear . serena 0 . gosh . matthew Silent , but deadly attractive . a bang on the table . . 18 father of the bride lady and gentleman - dinner be serve . a quick shot from above show people move around and to table . CUT round : the friend : they sit down at they different table . all have quite pleasant companion . matthew hello , I be Matthew . and this be David - he 's deaf , which mean he read lip and understand everything you say . david raise he hand politely - ' hi '. eek tom Tom - splendid to meet you - very exciting . kkkK gareth hello , I be gareth . I have .got a instant feel we be go to be friend for life . kek k scarlett hello , I be scarlett ( she give the total stranger a kiss on the mouth ) . warn I if I be get piss , will you ? kerk carrie sit down between two good look boy . charle be watch she - a little feed up . he glide into he position on the long , raise - up top table and introduce himself to the very old indeed man , next to he . charle how do you do - my name be Charles . old man do not be ridiculous , Charles die 20 year ago . 19 the food be put down in front of he . it do not look appetise - the sister strike . cut to : Wide shot of the eat arrangement . along from charle be the bride LAURA and Groom angus , between parent in law , uncle and vicar . knive and fork go into mouth . everyone look unhappy . waiter more ? man 1 no thank you . charle be watch carrie and listen to the old man ... the camera linger on carrie while the old man talk . old man ( V /0 ) I be marry once myself , you know - beautiful girl - eye like a blue sky , hair like wheat , cheek like a soft peach - CUT back : to old man : old : man ( cont ) - brain like a small pea , unfortunately , so it do not last . charle oo , I be sorry . charle take a bite of food - not tasty . all round the bite of the grisly - look food get smaller and smaller . the waiter still however have to do they round . waitress more ? woman 1 no thank you . waitress more ? gareth I would rather eat my father 's testicles . waiter more ? 20 tom absolutely . splendid tuck . sound of a bang spoon : charle stand . he speak in a very self - efface manner . charle lady and gentleman - I be sorry to drag you from you delicious dessert : there be just one or two little thing I feel I should say as best man . the guest turn to listen to he . before I start my speech , can I just say this - I be , as ever , in bewilder awe of any couple who make the commitment that angus and Laura have make this morning . true love be a very rare and splendid thing - and I think we see it here today . angus and LAURA be touch . this be only the second time I have ever be a best man . I hope I do the job all right that time - the couple in question at least be still talk to I . unfortunately , they be not talk to each other - the divorce come through a couple of month ago . CUT to : carrie laugh brightly - then back to charle . charle ( cont ) but I be assure it have absolutely nothing to do with I . apparently belinda know that Anthony have sleep with she young sister before I mention it in the speech . the fact that he would also sleep with she mother come as a surprise - but I think it be incidental to the nightmare of violence and recrimination which become they two week marriage . anyway - enough of that . angus have ask I to talk a little bit about he ... romantic past . 221 laughter . charle look back to where carrie be - but she 's go . CUT on to : charle ( cont ) lady and gentleman - the adorable couple . all stand to toast . all the adorable couple ! father of the bride thank you Charles . now please , everyone , do just enjoy yourselves - we trust there will be dance till dawn . twist away ! charle turn to the old man . charle catch you for a bop later . he set off purposefully . CUT to : the slightly dodgy rock 'n 'roll band start ' semi-detach suburban Mr Jones ' : " so you finally name the day wedding bell will chime . I be sorry to hear you say , they be go to be he , not mine " the newly - wed , LAURA and angus , come out and dance . everyone applaud . she dance rather exotically , he as though this be the first time he have ever hear pop music . scarlett come on Charles - give we a dance - no other bugger will . charle try Tom . scarlett okay . charle be clearly look for carrie - but then there she be on the dance floor with one of she dinner companion . charle damn . . / 22 scarlett start dance wildly but enthusiastically with tom , the worst dancer in the world but the keenest . beside they be gareth twist with great vigour with a 50 year old lady . charle sit down and look back at carrie and she man , dance quite close . matthew sit down beside he . as they talk , we intercut with the dance floor . matthew I remember the first time I see gareth on the dance floor , I fear life would be lose . gareth now do a Saturday night fever style dance . matthew ( cont ) but actually he 's surprisingly safe . scarlett be now dance very badly indeed . beside she be a ten year old boy really get down , then join by gareth , do exactly the same hi-energy dance . beside they be carrie . matthew pretty girl , the one you can not keep you eye off . be it love at first sight ? charle be slightly throw by Matthew 's perception . charle good lord no - it 's the bloke she 's dance with - I be sure I play rugby with he at school - try to remember which position he play . gareth be now do the bump with a hefty grandmother . bump ! charle ( cont ) though , let 's say one do take a fancy to someone at a wedding : do you think there really be people who can just go up and say - " hi - I be Charles - this 's be you lucky night " ? matthew if there be , they be not English . charle quite - 3 week be about my question - pop mininun . 23 CUT to : later that night LAURA , near a exit - emotionally talk to and hugging some distant cousin : another hour or two have pass . she 's in she about - to - leave gear . LAURA you know I love you , Jean , do not you . I love you , I love you , I love you and Mike , I do not know you very well , but I love you very much , I really do . angus remark to matthew who stand next to he . angus ignore she - she 's drunk . ( pause ) at least I hope_ she ' s~= drunk . ( worried pause ) otherwise I be in real trouble . in the corner of the room people be a little tired and emotional . CUT to : bernard speak to the fulsome bridesmay lydia . bernard how 's it go , ly ? lydia bloody awful . bernard o dear . lydia I be promise sex - everyone say it - " you be a bridesmay , you will get sex . you will be fight they off " . but not so much as tongue in sight - the amount I pay for this dress - and zero . Zilch . doodle squat . bernard well , look - I mean , if you fancy ... or anything , it could always ... lydia o do not be ridiculous - I be not that desperate . she get up and go . — — — 24 bernard no , right , fair enough , good point . General clap as the couple head out : the bride throw she bouquet . scarlett reach for it , fiona dodge it - it be catch by lydia . 28 . ext . barn . nigh ' 28 . the marry couple approach a roll royce with a string of can attach to it - and ' just married ' and ' 3 month pregnant ' in fake snow on the windscreen . they open the door , and a big white sheep with a bow on jump out , accompany by chicken - a roar of delight . -cut to : a big cheer as they drive away . charle see carrie walk away with aman . as he head disconsolately back into the barn ... 29 . int . .~ night . 29 . tom join charle keenly . tom where be you stay tonight , Charles ? charle scarlett and I be at some pub - the lucky Boat or something . be not we all ? tom ah- no - slight change of plan - the other be in fact come back to my place : I wonder if you would like to join . charle well , no , that sound lovely - be there room for scarlett too ? tom o absolutely . 137 room actually . charle Tom - be you the richest man in England ? 25 tom . oh - no , no . I believe we be about 7th . the Queen obviously , and that branson bloke be do terribly well . well , excellent news - I will go tell scarlett . as tom walk away charle ( not hopeful ) that 's unless I get lucky . tom ( hopeful ) absolutely ! ! and suddenly , carrie be right at he shoulder . ' carrie hi. charle be take aback . charle 1 I think you would go . carrie no - not yet . I be just wonder - where you be stay tonight ? charle well , I be go to stay at a pub , the happy Boat , or something ... for carrie the lucky boatman . charle that 's right . but now I be go to stay at some friend 's house ... with some friend . well , I say ' house ' —- I think ' enormous castle ' be a more accurate description . carrie 0 , that 's a pity . I be at the boatman . charle oo . pause . she do not give charle quite enough time to recover . it 's quite a direct invitation . 26 carrie well , it be really nice not quite meeting you . I be go now . charle o , no , you must not - we could meet now ~ the evening 's just get go . they survey the fallen-bottle , topple - chair mess . carrie I think we both know that 's a big lie . she walk away . charle fuck . later : the camera pan over the proceedings - the sister and she boyfriend be back with ' stand by you man ' . two exhaust hugging couple be still on the dance floor , try to dance to it . couple be kissing . drunk people be asleep . claudia and craig " you will have bad time , he will have good time . do thing that you do not '' understand . " the Friends be back at the spot where they swore to meet 6 hour earlier . the flower arrangement have wilted . gareth I think the Castle beckon . ton , be you sober ? tom absolutely . tom give a thumb up and then trip as they walk out , jacket sling over they shoulder : charle , tom , gareth , matthew , david , fiona pick up a exhaust scarlett as they go . they pass a couple kissing passionately . hold on they : they split : it 's lydia and bernard whom she so recently spurn . she 's quite breathless . lydia Bernard ! 27 30 . ext . car . country lane . night . 30 . Wide beautiful shot of the countryside and a small car wind down a country lane . from it ring the strain of stand by you man . all stand by you man give he two arm to cling to and something warm to come to gareth ( almighty bass solo ) when night be sad and lonely ... 31 . int . car . CO ! ._ nig ! 3 matthew , scarlett , gareth , tom , david , charle and fiona all squeeze in together . all yell except Charles , who be look worried . . all stand by you man and say you love he only and give he all the love you can ( Big trouble with the top note ) stand by you man ! I !!! charle ahm , Tom , could you stop the car . the car stop dead . charle ( cont ) you know , I think I might just stay in that hotel after all . tom why on earth ? charle I will tell you year from now . all of they make a teasing Police siren sound . charle ( cont ) no seriously , I be do some research into pub with the word ' boat ' in the title . I hope to produce the definitive work . 28 32 . ext . car . country road . night . 32 . charle be stand in the middle of the road , in the middle of the night in the middle of nowhere . as the car drive away - they start to shout the chorus of ' without you ' . all can not liiiiive if live be without you can not giiiive , can not give any more !!! charle be leave totally alone . charle right . odd decision . he head back along the road . 33 . ext . town uare . night . 33 . a charming town square . the boatman be a pleasant , large pub hotel , white , with a archway through which car can drive and park at the back . the name of the Hotel be on big carve gold letter outside . charle enter . the sign show the lucky boatman get a blowjob from a mermaid , while he friend be be eat - by shark . 34 . int . reception . atman . night 34 . it be now about one in the morning . very quiet . charle see the bell to ring on the front desk , but just before he do so look leave , and see a plume of smoke rise from a large leather armchair in the sit room next door . charle walk towards it . charle hello ? carrie lean over - and look at he quizzically . charle in the end it turn out there be not room for all of we . carrie you say it be a castle . charle yes , that 's right . very small castle . tiny . pocket size . one up , one down . 29 enter a late night waiter . waiter a drink , sir ? charle I will have a glass of port , thank you . you ? carrie I will have a glass of port too , thanks . charle turn to the waiter charle and another one for the lady . waiter Sir . waiter leave and charle turn back to address carrie - but she 's disappear . it 's clear why , when GEORGE enter , the confident bald , plump , annoying man who read the lesson in Church . GEORGE : you have not see carrie have you ? : - charle ( in a fluster ) who? GEORGE carrie . american girl . Lovely leg . wedding guest . Nice smell . charle i sorry - no . GEORGE blast . I think I be in there . carrie pop up from behind the sofa and pull a face - he very clearly be not ' in there ' . GEORGE ( cont ) look , if you see she , could you tell she I have go to my roon . charle certainly . dear fellow . waiter come in , just as GEORGE be about to leave . waiter you port Sir , and one for the ... charle ...road , excellent . GEORGE actually , I might have one of that . mind if I join you ? charle ahm ...no , no , go ahead . GEORGE ( to the waiter ) another port , thanks . and a cigar ( to Charles ) might as well settle in . let 's see if we can get through till dawn , shall we , eh ? they settle , charle in the chair , GEORGE on the sofa . carrie raise from behind the sofa and look humorously exasperate at charle . GEORGE Lovely wedding charle yes . carrie appear behind GEORGE , crawl towards the door . GEORGE I be at school with he brother bufty - tremendous bloke . I be he fag . buggere I senseless , but it teach I a thing or two about life . reaction off charle . meanwhile carrie , on she knee , be almost at the door . the waiter come in again . she make a ' shush ' sign at he , and beckon he to follow she . GEORGE where do you know they from ? charle University . he see carrie now talk to the waiter outside the room . 31 GEORGE o splendid , splendid . yes . do not go myself ... could not see the point . when you be work the money market , what use be the novel of wordsworth go to be , eh ? charle good point . Shakespeare 's short storey equally pointless . waiter re-enter formally . waiter Excuse I , sir - you wife say , could you come upstairs at once . room 12 in case you be so drunk you can not remember . charle my wife ? waiter yes sir . charle o dear - yes - my wife . GEORGE you be drunk if you can not even remember you have get a wife !! charle yes ... ( do a little drunk mime - then , excuse himself ) do you mind , if I ...? ( point upstairs ) GEORGE o no - off you go - best of luck . lucky bachelor I , think I might have another search for that Katie creature . charle carrie . GEORGE that 's right . damn fine filly . 35 . int . corridor . the boatman . night . 35 . charle knock on the door of room 12 . carrie open it . charle be slightly nervous . carrie hi . 36 . not . roo ! charle hello . sorry about that ... carrie no , that 's fine - he be hard to get rid of . ( pause ) it 's a sad day when a girl 's get to ask a boy up to she bedroom to get any privacy . charle yes - perhaps we could skulk around here and then go back down . carrie that 's a think - I do not usually skulk a lot , but I suppose I could skulk if skulking be require . do you skulk regularly ? charle no , I do not normally think of myself as a skulker . carrie okay , so just come in , and skulk for a while , and we will see ... 2 . the boatman . night . carrie I notice the bride and groom do not kiss . charle no - it do not always happen . " you may now kiss the bride " be not actually in the Book of common prayer . carrie I always worry that I would go too far . charle how far do you think too far would be ? carrie I dont ' know ... I think .. ( give he a peck on the cheek ) that ... would be all right . charle oo yes - I think so . in fact , it might be think a little ... dismissive ... 32 36 . 33 carrie maybe . maybe this ... ( a kiss on the mouth ) would be better . charle yes . you would not want to take it any further . I mean ... ( a long kiss ) that might be take it a little far . and ... this become a voice over , as we pan across she bedroom . charle .... what about this - do you think the vicar would think thing have slip a little out of he control ? they be naked and make love on the bed . carrie I think he might ... I would be very surprised if we be not enjoy ourselves more than the honeymoon couple . charle I be sure we be . . carrie why do you think it be call a honeymoon ? charle I be not sure - I suppose ' ‘honey ' because it 's as sweet as honey - and ' moon ' because it be the first time a husband see he wife 's bottom . she laugh - for all he early unsureness , she make hin relaxed , by be so totally relaxed herself . 37 . ext . countryside . day . 37 . the beautiful landscape outside waking up in the dawn , bird , dew , a stream . 8 . int . room 12 . the boatman . day . 38 . we see the edge of the bed , knee level , carrie 's leg . her hand reach down and pick up she dress . then she shoe . we move round to see charle still fast asleep . he slowly wake , open he eye and look up . again , she face be catch in beautiful light . charle what 's happen ? 34 carrie I have get to go . charle where to ? carrie America . charle when be you go ? carrie Three hour . charle that be a tragedy . he flop he head onto the pillow . carrie just before I go - when be you think of make the announcement ? charle what announcement ? carrie the engagement . charle whose engagement ? carrie our . I assume since we would sleep together and everything , weld probably get marry . what be you think ? charle ah , gosh , look , this sort of thing take a lot of think , I obviously ahm ... then he suddenly see she 's smile . she nod . charle ( cont ) you be joke ? charle ( cont ) God for a second there I think you be Glenn Close - I think I be go to get home and find a rabbit on the stove . 35 carrie no - but I think you just miss a great opportunity . bye bye . she wink and be go . he turn over , sink he head into he pillow , and then the alarm clock go off again . 36 summer 39 . int . charle ' bedroom . charle & scarlett ! jouse . 39 . it be bright daylight - the alarm clock be ringing . finally charle 's hand come up and switch it off . he take it and bring it down to he eye to see . he open they , they look at the clock . charle o fuck . caption : 3 month later 40. int . scarlett' bedroom . charle & scarlett' house . 40 . the door of scarlett 's room : it be kick open . charle grab scarlett 's shoulder , she profoundly mascara would eye open : charle be clearly not happy . scarlett oo fuck . 41 . . kitchen . & lett ' s_ho ! . day . 1. charle and scarlett in they pants only - both frantic . charle help himself to orange juice . scarlett butter a incredibly burnt piece of toast - the atmosphere be heavy with smoke . ; scarlett all very well for you - I be a bloom bridesmay . charle do not worry - it 's not far . Seven minute should be load of time . 42 . ext . charle & scarlett' house . day . 42 . the two of they sprint out - still dress . scarlett be pull on a huge and ridiculous peach - coloured satin off the shoulder number . caption : 6 minute later scarlett car or taxi ? charle taxi . we could never park . en / 37 43 . ext . pavement . charle & scarlett' house . day . 43 . the two of they stand on the sidewalk , stock still . nothing be come along the road . pause . both ( simultaneously ) car seem a good idea . CUT to : they at she car . it be clamp . both fuck . 44 . ext . regent's park . . 44 . two jogger be pace each other , go fast - then , in full wedding gear , charle & scarlett whip past they , she dress balloon in the wind . in fact , a huge piece fall away . they stop . pause . . scarlett do not worry - no one will notice . they hit the street ~ pause for breath . at that moment , a large Church bell ring 11 o'clock . scarlett o shut up ! they sprint along . the two of they be go full pelt , when avery grand car draw up with they , slowly . the window roll down . voice come on , hurry up you two ! charle fu...0 , hello lydia . it be the bridal car . scarlett 0 , you could not give we a lift could you , lyd ? lydia no need - we be here . they turn the corner , and there in front of they be a glorious shine beautiful Catholic London Church . charle thank the Lord ( kiss scarlett ) good luck , do not trip up and show everyone you botton . 45 . int . wedding 2 . catholic C ch . day . 45 . in one row be fiona , matthew , gareth , david . they have politely leave a space for charle . a old man head up the aisle : charle walk quickly after he ... but it be not fast enough . the old man just reach the seat one second before charle . charle f... damn . he look around , see a spare place and move swiftly into it . at last he have a moment of rest . then , from beside he , a voice ... carrie hi. charle look round , and there she be site right next to hin . : charle o. hello . welcome back . no hat . ; carrie no . you cut it fine . charle yes , I be a big idiot . charle settles himself and then look back at carrie and smile at she - he 's go to enjoy she company . charle do you live here now ? carrie I be just move back . charle wonderful news . up at the front , the young priest step forward into position to conduct the service . it be father gerald from the last reception . he look a little tense . his cape be slightly awkwardly sling over he shoulder - it 's a little tangle . he seem to be rehearse the service to himself . cut to : tom , up in position as best man - he turn and give charle a little wave . produce a ring from he pocket - give 39 charle a thumb up . charle smile back . tom point to he radical new haircut . charle give a glaze smile and a nod - he do not want to break tom 's confidence . tom be delighted - double thumb up . Music begin . cut to : the bride walk down the aisle to handel 's ' arrival of the Queen of sheba ' . it be lydia who kiss Bernard at the end of the last wedding . she wear a big dress . behind be three tiny satin peach bridesmaid and scarlett - scarlett wear a huge smile . it be noticeable as she pass that she dress have no back , and you can just see the top of she bottom . the page boy follow , unruly as usual , wander all over the shop . carrie why do page boy always look like they be on drug ? charle they be - the priest give they a tab of ecstasy to get they in the mood . lydia arrive at the front - the father step aside - bernard the groom step forward . he grin wildly . father gerald in the name of the Father and of the ' Son and of the Holy Spirit . all amen . father gerald let we pray . Father - you have make the bond of marriage a holy misery , mystery , a symbol of Christ 's love for he Church . hear we prayer for Bernard and lydia , through we son , Jesus Christ , you Lord - sorry , you son Jesus Christ we lord , who life and reign with you and . the Holy Goose , ghost , one God for ever and ever . amen . carrie it 's he first time . friend of the family . charle oo. charle look around - all he friend have notice the problem - they give a unison thumb up to he - they be enjoy it . father gerald 40 Bernard and lydia - I shall now ask you if you freely undertake the obligation of marriage . Bernard , repeat after I ... I do solemnly declare bernard I do solemnly declare . father gerald that I know not of impediment bernard that I know not of impediment ... father gerald why I , lydia bernard why I , Bernard father gerald any lawful any lawful sorry - why I Bernard godfrey Saint John delaney ... bernard why I Bernard geoffrey . stjohn delaney ( pronounce ' sinjoen ' ) CUT away to charle and carrie - loving it . then .. CUT back to : father gerald may not be join in matrimony to lydia John hibbott bernard May not be join in matrimony to lydia Jane hibbott father gerald wipe he brow father gerald lydia repeat after solemnly declare lydia I do solemnly declare father gerald that I know not of impediment I ... I do any lawful 41 lydia that I know not of any lawful impediment .. father gerald why I lydia Jane hibbott lydia why I lydia Jane hibbott .. father gerald may not be johne in marriage lydia may not be join in marriage father gerald to Bernard geoffrey saintjohn delaney ( just try say it faster ) lydia to Bernard geoffrey St John delaney ( perfect sinjohn once again ) lydia and bernard now join they right hand . father gerald I call upon that person here present to witness bernard I call upon that person here present to witness father gerald that I , ( pause ) Bernard ... delaney both charle and carrie laugh bernard ( smile ) that I , Bernard delaney , father gerald smile back with relief father gerald do take thee lydia Jane hibbott bernard do take thee lydia Jane hibbott that go fine too - all smile and relief father gerald to be my awful wedd wife bernard to be my lawful wedd wife father gerald that 's right . CUT on : father gerald May almighty God bless you all , the Father and the Son and the Holy Spirit . all amen . father gerald go in peace to love and save the Lord , sorry , serve hin . all thanks be ‘to God . gareth start to applaud , thrilled they have make it through . the whole congregation join in . father gerald we will now have the signing of the register . 46. int . wedding 2 . catholic church . registry room . day . 46 . they move into a small room - we see father gerald reach into he pocket and remove a pen for the signing . 47 . int . dding 2 . catholic c! c. y. . five minute later the couple be walk down the aisle - accompany by perky organ play . lydia 's dress be totally cover in ink from father gerald 's pen . as the newly wed leave the Church , the usual sudden surge of chatter . there be a new bond forge between charle and carrie because of the disaster during the service . we suspect thing be go to go very well between they . charle I think you would go to America . we could have be marry by now if you would just rung I . she turn to the man beside she . he 's 50 - older - silver haire - respectable , inaccessible . carrie this be my fiancee : hamish . 43 charle do not register a moment 's hesitation or embarrassment , despite the fact that this be a bad moment -his hope have rise high . charle excellent - how do you do , hamish - delighted to meet you . what a charming surprise to find carrie back in the country . hamish yes , well , she take some persuade . come on darling , let 's not actually be the last people out of the Church . carrie okay ( turn to Charles and pull a face ) bossy ! but then go off happily . 48 . . wedding 2 . catholic church . _ D. 48 . a series of snapshot of the happy couple . first just then , then plus 6 other , then plus 14 , then 150 people , the hugest group of relative ever . Tom be right in there , organise it . then a final snap just of the happy pair - except there be one collapse grandmother just at the edge of frame . CUT to : charle , nearby : he watch carrie and hamish walk away from the Church together . 49 . otel . ent : ce hall . day . 49 . the reception take place in a beautiful large London ballroom , downstairs in a expensive Hotel . this be a very aristocratic wedding . all man be in full wedding gear , there 's a lot of silk and posh voice . at the entrance there be a table where people put they gift . GEORGE , from the boatman , approach the table with a huge present , beautifully wrap . he put it down and head to join the line . next gareth sweep in - he put down a very small unimpressive look gift . he inspect the other gift , look around to check no - one be watch and swap the card on he with the card on George 's present . he smile happily and head down the sweeping staircase to the ballroom . . he pass the long queue and simply join he friend at the front near the beginning of the receive line . the bride be in she still splatter dress . 44 stand at the front of the line be someone ' ' livery ' , the master of ceremony . he dip he head and have a word with every guest , very discreetly ... master of ceremonies I think you should know that Lord hibbott be a little deaf , sir . matthew oo thank you he move on - and after shaking hand with the wife , get to the first father , Sir John delaney matthew ( very loud ) excellent wedding - I be in heaven sir JOHN I be delighted matthew move on and fiona approach sir JOHN also shouting fiona the bride looked stunning ! you must be very proud ! sir JOHN yes , I be ( he lean across to he - wife ) why be everybody shouting at I ? CUT through to : matthew talk to the next Father . matthew ir think the Church look exquisite . lord hibbott do not she ? beautiful tiara I think . matthew ( worried ) yes . matthew move on . lord hibbot look angrily down the line at the master of ceremonies . fiona approach . fiona I think you son look very handsome . 45 lord hibbott ( worried but try hard ) yes , I believe the prawn be delicious . meanwhile gareth approach the exasperate first father gareth bravo - a absolutely splendid occasion all round . sir JOHN ( fume ) thank you . charle lovely wedding ! exquisite flowers in the church . sir JOHN ( shouting ) for heaven 's sake , stop shouting at I ! I can hear perfectly well !! it 's that deaf idiot there you should be shouting at ! oo charle stumble forward to a wait gareth gareth dear I . drink ? charle ( bit shake ) yes. excellent . that or cyanide . 50 . it. HOTEL . BA : IM . : oo. they move forward into the ballroom , and charle glimpsis carrie and hamish again . charle ( cont ) I have get a bad feel about this wedding . CUT to : two very well breed little honourable . 10 year old lady jane where do you fit in ? 9 year old right honourable harry I be the groom 's brother . you ? lady jane I be the bride 's cousin . hon harry oo . when I be little , I go into my brother 's bedroom , and he be push he willie into another boy . lady jane oo . I must tell lydia - she say she want to know everything about bernie . curt to : gareth , matthew , david , charle . gareth be sip excellent Champagne . gareth ' ah , that 's better . Marriage : it 's like the mason be not it . you can not ask to join the club . you just have ! to wait till true love knock on you door and give you the funny handshake . then suddenly , there you be , say ' I do ' . charle precisely - it 's so random there 's no point look in my opinion . matthew I be not sure about ' random ' . - I do think handsome boy tend to marry handsome girl .. gareth not a rule , though , be it - Prince Philip 's a good-look man , while on the other hand , the Queen ... tom pass by , look busy about he duty . gareth ah Thomas , how 's the speech ? tom pretty good I think - something for everyone - tear , laughter ... gareth excellent . tom do a double thumb up and head on . charle if like do marry like , where do I fit in then ? 46 47 gareth well , I be better on man than woman : for instance ... he ( very pretty boy ) no chance , whereas he ( old man ) you could probably do hetter . charle and girl ... gareth well , let 's see . her ( a total beauty ) I would not get over optimistic charle no .. but suddenly the pretty woman head straight towards he charle oo my God . gareth stay calm . I feel a funny handshake come on - I will make myself scarce , look I be go . charle no , st ...... he turn and find that gareth be not there any longer . pretty woman hi - you probably will not remember I - we meet at a party at lydia 's . charle God yes , that 's right . have a good time ? pretty woman so so , so far ... and over she shoulder be gareth with a big thumb up and charle raise he eyebrow - yes there may be something here . gareth turn and walk through a crowd of chatter upper class voice - lot of ' splendid ' ' roderick ! ' and ' do you know geraldine ? ' he pass the Priest and acknowledge he gareth Father : sublime service . actually father gerald be talk to scarlett . CUT to : 48 scarlett yes , you be great . father gerald do you think so ? I think I cocked it up a little . scarlett well , now you say it , you do totally - but do not worry - it 's usually so boring , and I really enjoy it this time . charle and the pretty woman be get on famously . they take a nibble each as a tray pass by . charle : .-- almost have enough of wedding actually . I have be to 7 this year . pretty woman you must get bored af champagne and salmon . charle yes , catering 's always the problen . the worst one I go to , the sister have do it . unbelievable - though at least one know who to lie to . pretty woman yes . charle it just seem as though it 's impossible to get it right . I mean look at this . suppose it 's mean to be asparagus - but it look and taste like a dead man 's penis . now , tell I , what do you do ? pretty woman I be a caterer . charle good Lord - so you know what I be talk about . do you ever do wedding ? pretty woman yes . 49 charle they should have ask you to do this one . pretty woman they do . charle God - I wish you have not turn it down . pretty woman I do not . _long pause . charle excellent . excellent . if you will just excuse I a moment , I think this knife should be sharp enough for the de-testiculation process . as he move away , he again be pass by carrie and hamish . curt on to : gareth : do not worry - let 's have a look - I be sure you will be sit next to '' someone marvellous . they inspect the seating plan . they can not believe it . charle o God . this must be a joke . charle shake he head - everything be go wrong for hin . CUT to : spoon bang on a table . master of ceremonies my lord , lady and gentleman . dinner be serve . cur to : everyone sit down . at the top table , tom be busy correct he speech with a confident smile on he face . cuT to : gareth 's table . gareth approach , talk to GEORGE . GEORGE I always take a lot of trouble over the present . I think it really matter , do not you ? gareth who steal the present reply ... gareth oo yes . it 's month , be not it , month to get it right . at he table be many of the friend ... and carrie . gareth hello , I be gareth - and you look divine . carrie I be carrie . gareth this be Matthew , this be Fiona , this be scarlett - they be my close friend . oi think we be all go to be very happy together ... CUT to : charle sit down - actually he table look all right . it 's 4. girl , 3 man , all presentable and he age . and david . charle hi. tony hello , I be tony . and I believe you know Veronica . charle yes . he 's uneasy about something . cuT to : fiona chat to a rather grand middle - aged woman at the table . mrs beaumont and tell I , be you marry ? fiona no . - mrs beaumont be you a lesbian ? ~~ wry wer — with CUT to : charle be table ~ david seem to be relishing the situation . charle be just that little bit tense . fiona why do you say that ? mrs beaumont well , it 's one of the possibility with unmarried woman , and a bit more interesting than say - " o dear , just have not meet the right chap , eh " ? fiona good on you , I always assume middle - age people be dull and totally the same - it 's lovely to meet one who be not . mrs beaumont thank you . fiona no , truth be , though , I have meet the right man - unfortunately , he do not love I - and until I stop loving he , no - one else stand a chance . mrs beaumont bad luck . fiona . be not it ? I be a lesbian once , at school - but only for a hour and a half , so I do not think it count . tony so there be 400 different kind of tea and that be not include all this so-called fruit teas . I take Veronica out to India to have a look at the plantation at Christmas . charle excellent . carrie laugh with the other . tony I believe you and she go out there once . 51 he look over and see — — wee we -w -~ - — — ~w — w~ wow : 52 charle that 's right . veronica Charles be vile - he insisted on crack joke all the time I be be sick . charle I be try to cheer you up . nikki o , you be that Veronica . veronica which Veronica ? charle look a little panicky . nicki o well , when Charles and I be go out he tell I he would have this ..' interesting ' journey round India with ' vomiting Veronica ' I think that be it . charle seriously , I do not remember ever mention it . Iris o come on Charles , I do not think I have ever be out with . anyone less discreet . the true horror of the situation be now become clear . Iris ( cont ) I remember you go on about this girl helena , be it , whose mother make a pass at you . martha I remember this - you could not work out whether it would be impolite not to accept she advance . nicki that 's right ! Mrs piggy - helena be miss piggy , so she mother be Mrs piggy . charle yes , I think perhaps ... 53 everyone can not but notice that he be look massively uncomfortable . they all turn to the final girl on the table . helena we have both lose a lot of weight since then . charle in total despair . master of ceremonies lady and gentleman - the best man . charle ah - excellent , the speech . david did_yo or ] pi ? charle 1 d_not !!! ' CUT to : tom stand , convinced he 's on to a winner . : tom ahm ... when Bernard tell I he be 's get engage to _ lydia , I congratulate he because all he other girlfriend have be complete dog - although , may I say how delighted we be to have so many of they here this evening . charle shake he head , gareth be delighted . CUT to : the drink table , later . all of they gather . gareth we have the most fabulous girl on we table - call carrie - charle do not tell I - I know . gareth she ask we all round to dinner . apparently she fiancee be terribly grand and own half of Scotland . how be you ? charle I seem to be stick in the wedding from hell . the next thing you know , I will bump into henrietta and the horror will be complete . from behind he come a voice henrietta hello , Charles . he turn around , and there be a strain look girl . charle hello , hen . how be you ? pause . then she face just collapse . she burst into tear ... charle ( cont ) o hen .. henrietta's friend look , can not you just leave she alone - have not you hurt she enough ? and take she away . charle turn to gareth . charle ' Excuse I 's - I think I better be where other people be not . as charle walk out , he pass david . charle just see henrietta . david you ruin she life , you heartless bastard . charle thanks of : we 's rt . charle then pass serena and the camera stay with she . she approach david , ease up to he as before , via the canape - she misjudge it and bump into hin . serena I be sorry . he wave it away - no matter . she stand opposite hin . pause . then she start to sign , very slowly . the subtitles translate . 55 serena hello , my name be serena . david laugh sweetly . david hello , serena . she look totally confuse . he repeat it , very slowly , in finger sign .. david h-e-1 -1 -o0 . you sign very well . serena thank you . I and just learm . I and progagly nake lob of nistake . david shake he head . david no erfect . he do a little mime , which ask she if she fancy a dance . serena yes that would be mouse . 51 . int . HOTEL . CO ! re ght .. : 51. charle , with the sound of music in the background - he look along a corridor , then nip into a little room , where he can be alone . 52 . - HOTEL . room . night . 52 . it contain just a bed and a dress table . on the bed be a suit , and a girl 's skirt and blouse . he go to the window , and , peaceful at last , look out over London . there be a sound - he turn around , and see the door open . bernard and lydia enter the room - they do not see he - but turn and quickly lock the door . it be in fact the room for change into they go away clothes . charle be a little worried by this . bernard I will turn off the light - do not want to attract attention . charle nod . the light go out , in the darkness we hear rustling . . 56 lydia wait a minute , this be no fun ! I want to see my lovely husband . the light go on again . they be half undress and charle be strand directly behind they : they do not see he . CUT in : close on they , then pan around - and charle have disappear . the couple be now almost naked : the camera move down to under the bed , where we expect charle to be . there seem to be nowhere else in the room where he could fit . finally he emerge from a suitcase , as behind he the couple be have sex . he crawl towards a dress table , which have little curtain under it . he crawl between they - at last he be protect . he look at he watch . this could be a long haul ... 53 . lr HOTEL oom . night 53 . scarlett be under a table with she 8 year old fellow bridesmay , freda . scarlett talk to she straight , as she do to everyone . scarlett have you get a boyfriend ? freda yes. scarlett what 's he name ? freda dolph . he 's good at table tennis . what about you ? scarlett no. ' fraid not . freda why not ? scarlett I do not know - chap I fancy think I be stupid , so they just shag I and leave I . and chap who fancy I , I think they be stupid and can not even be bother to shag they . freda I see . 57 pause . scarlett take up in she thought about this rather accurate self - analysis . freda what 's ' shagging ' ? scarlett 0 do not be stupid , you know , when a man and a woman take off they clothes and ... freda 0 , ' fuck ' . scarlett that 's right . freda you should forget about fuck . it 's nothing but trouble . 4 . tel. bedroom . HOTEL . : 4 . charle be still conceal . there be a orgasm in the background . charle check he watch . bernard ) oo , I love my wife . lydia and I love my husband . bernard sigh contentedly . beneath he dress table , charle look relieved . bernard still , we better be go back . charle nod . lydia yes . or we could just wait a few minute , and have another go . charle shake he head in intense disagreement . bernard well , there 's a_ think . you naughty , naughty little rabbit . charle be head in he hand bernard and lydia on the bed . charle politely step out from the dress table . he walk past they . they be very surprised . he hold up a pencil . charle found it . 55 . int . HOTEL . corridor . night . 55 . as he shut the door behind he , charle turn and bump straight into henrietta . she be very beautiful - but tonight , very highly strung . henrietta Charles , we must talk . charle ( trap , but kindly ) must we ? henrietta : it 's just I would like to help you . charle that 's awfully kind , hen , but ... henrietta the thing be , Charlie , I have speak to lot of people about you . charle o God - henrietta : everybody agree - you will never really love anyone , because you never let they near you . you be sweet to they , and affectionate to they ... you be even sweet to I and you think I be a idiot . charle I do not ! henrietta you do . I think U2 be a type of submarine . . charle do you ? henrietta but it 's like from the beginning of every relationship , you be look for a way out . charle well , sometimes , I admit - I mean , take that girl with the big knife . 59 henrietta be serious Charles ! you must give people a chance . you do not have to think " I must get marry " - but you must not think " I must not get marry " . charle hen , you know I - most of the time I do not think at all - I just potter along . henrietta q Charles ( she suddenly put she arm around he ) - the way you use to look at I . I just misread it , that 's all - you be think about leave - o Christ ... this be so ridiculous . she walk . away . charle be leave , slightly stunne . suddenly at he shoulder . carrie she look happy . charle yes , it 's a great night . up there with my father 's funeral for sheer .entertainment value . carrie I be off - keep I company . this be kind of she , a little protective . they head for the top of the stair . 56 . int . HOTEL . ballroom ST . . night . 56 . everyone be at the bottom - clearly wait for the bride and groom to come down . matthew raise a quizzical eyebrow at gareth . henrietta burst into tear again . it just get worse . when they be half way down , everyone applaud and bernard and lydia come downstairs . all bravo!l!it beneath she jacket lydia reveal a t-shirt with the slogan '' be gentle , I 'm a virgin " . matthew excellent t-shirt . 60 gareth yes . I suspect not technically true . much cheer . lydia throw the bouquet . gareth jump for it enthusiastically , high above the rest . he catch it - and then graciously hand it to the first lady by he side - it 's carrie . gareth madan . carrie thank you ( whisper to Charles ) definitely time to go . share a cab ? charle husband ? carrie fiancee - go to Edinburgh on the sleeper . charle okay . though I promise I would give scarlett a ...0 sod it . I be sure she 's fine . 57 . int . _ho ' oom . night . 57 . scarlett , not very sober , in conversation with father gerald . scarlett just check : you kind of vicar - I know you can not get marry , but how do thing stand vis a vis just sort of , you know , sex in general , I mean , be you allow to ? father gerald not really . scarlett '' bad luck . still - worth ask , eh? just in case . 58 . tt. HOTEL . night . 58 . a taxi stop for charle and carrie . be with she have put he in a good mood . . charle here we go . 61 carrie thank you . a voice interrupt they from behind . it 's GEORGE from the boatman . GEORGE ' scuse I - not go to knightsbridge be you ? carrie yes , go on , hop in . charle close he eye in horror . GEORGE good Lord - it 's you - Kathy - how be you ? carrie very well ... 59 . int . in . s.on 59 . GEORGE splendid bloke Bernard - charle yes . GEORGE I be up at eton with he brother rupert . buggere the live daylight out of I - but teach I a lot about grow up . pause carrie do you enjoy you schooldays George ? GEORGE '' yes indeed , best day of my life . 60 . ext . taxicab . london street . night . 60 . GEORGE be let out of the cab . GEORGE excellent - thank you very much - goodnight , Kerry - and Charles - send my regards to that wife of yours . . 62 61 . nt. taxi B. london _s' ets . ght . 61 . charle I be glad I be not at he school . she laugh charle God , it 's lovely to see you . how be you , how be you and what fuck total disaster of a disaster have lead to the situation where suddenly you be marry ? carrie engage . charle same thing really . carrie here we be ... come on in ( the taxi stop ) have a night cap . pause . he look at she hard . charle do you really think I should ? carrie ( with huge irony ) I think we can risk it . I be pretty sure I can resist you - you be not that cute . charle okay . ( genuinely embarrassed ) 62 . int . ie's flat . not : 62 . the flat be in darkness . the light be not on . when finally we do reach they , they be just about to kiss . haltingly , almost try not to . carrie o dear ... charle have he arm round she waist . Love theme play . 63 . int / ext . roll royce . night . 63 . bernard and lydia also kissing , in the back of the car . she 's naked . 63 64 . int . bedroom . matth : & gareth' house . night . 64 . gareth and matthew , asleep , cuddle . 65 . int . _ c. ie's flat . bedroom . night . 65 - charle and carrie be in bed . carrie I kind of know this would happen . the moment I say ' yes ' to hamish , I have a awful suspicion there would be one final fling . 66 . not ona' bedroom . tom & fiona' hous ght . 66 . fiona , awake , in bed read . 66 a. . ' om' bedroom . tom & fiona' house . night . 66a . tom , asleep , flat on he back , pyjamas buttone to he chin . 67 . int . kitche ) ' s_and_ . tt's use . night 67 . scarlett , drunk and asleep under the kitchen table . : . be flat . bedroom . Di : 68 . carrie . I think it 's time you go . charle but it 's 5 in the morning . carrie and at nine in the morning ny sister - in - law come round . we be discuss bridesmaid . charle you be right . I have get very little to contribute on that one . silently charle dress . charle ( cont ) would you like to go out sometime .... carrie ( not lift she head from the pillow ) no thanks . charle why ? 64 carrie too dangerous . I love my fiance . charle good reason . you see , this be my whole argument against marriage - even when I would find the right girl - I would keep bump into people like you . he hand come up and wave he goodbye . he hesitates . and then turn to go . a alarm clock ring . 65 autumn 69 .int . charle bedroom . charle & scarlett' house . day .69 charle sit up and switch off the alarm with a smile - then smugly go back to sleep again . caption : 2 month later his door open . it be scarlett wear a t-shirt that say " I Love John Major " . she carry a cup of tea - and some toast . scarlett Morning . tea. mail. junkmail . toast - sorry , it 's a bit burnt . cU a very very burnt piece of toast enter Charles 's mouth . charle thanks . charle take a big , white envelope and tear it open . it be a formal invitation . charle oo no . I can not go to any more wedding - they last too long and ny waistcoat do not fit . ( he read it ) : " Mr and Mrs Gregory hartnell the third invite you to the wedding of they daughter judith caroline to Sir hamish bank " ( he be mystify ) who be this people ? scarlett take the invite and inspect . scarlett o look - it say ' plus guest ' - can I come ? charle go on eat and talk . charle it 's a novel idea be not it - send wedding invite to people you do not know . " dear greg , thanks very much for you totally charming invitation . unfortunately , I have never fuck hear of you or you daughter judith , so I fear I sha not be attend " . Christ - what a cheek - they have even put in a wedding list ! . 66 we now glimpse the back of scarlett 's t-shirt . it say " only joke " . scarlett actually , I think it 's that american girl you sleep with at Laura 's wedding . her name be carrie , be not it ? charle yes - but this one 's call judith . scarlett second name caroline . charle good Lord . I think you be right . dammit . why do not I marry she ? can you remember ? scarlett . because you only meet she twice , and you rather throw away the chance of a deep and meaningful relationship by bang she on both occasion . charle o yes . 70 . int . kt 's ._ charle and scarlett' house . day . 70 . charle right - I be go out . scarlett ok - but over here first ... ( she stand hin in front of she ) ... because you have be cut it a bit fine recently , have not you ? charle yes . and eveyone 's start to hate I . scarlett right . who be you meeting today ? charle David . scarlett when ? charle at 4 o'clock . 67 scarlett what time do that mean you have to be there by ? charle 5 at the very latest . 71 ext . liberty's. . 71 . charle outside . Zila . int . liberty's. day . 7ia . charle walk in to the Oriental Department . it be a room full of ceramic tiger , exotic carpet , woven basket , beautiful silk , wooden carving . he approach a assistant . she be very snooty . she feel Charles 's casual shirt and sneaker do not fit in with the spirit of the store . charle hello , I be here to maybe buy something off a wedding list . assistant what 's the name , sir ? charle it 's hartnell , I think , or bank . assistant bank , of yes , sir , we have a bank . Lovely list . charle could you tell I some price ? assistant - certainly , sir - there be some beautiful thing about the £ 1000 mark . charle yes , I be think about something more like , well , 50 . assistant so , you would like to buy tthree knife and a fork ? charle that 's what I get for 50 quid ? 68 assistant yes - for £ 51 you get two knife and two fork - but we do not want to smash through you budget barrier . or you could have that ceramic leopard over there ... charle ah , excellent , that 's more like it . assistant if you can find someone to chip in £ 11,950 . charle smile . assistant or we carrier bag be £ 1.50 - you could just get 33 of they . charle actually , I think I will leave it . thanks very much . you have be very helpful . he turn and bump straight into carrie . she 's just in jeans and a white t-shirt , she hair down , very different : much plainer , but still , in she way , lovely . she 's ina very good mood . carrie whatcha get ? charle nothing yet - just decide . carrie it 's so great this ! I should have marry year ago . I love get present . ( to the Assistant ) anyone go for the leopard yet ? assistant no . the young man be think about it . charle nod thoughtfully . carrie o no - just get I a knife and fork or something . hey , you have not get half a hour have you ? 69 charle surely - I have get to meet my brother at ...five .. thirty .. but I can be a bit late . carrie great . you have get a important decision to make . as they walk away carrie ( V / 0 ) I have wait all my life for this particular shopping experience . 72 . -_sto ) iging .- day . 72 . carrie ( V /0 ) all right - now the most important thing be that you must not laugh . charle okay . she emerge in a plain , formal , typical ... wedding dress . she be , despite herself , quite shy about it . carrie what do you think ? he look at she , and then laugh gently ... as if there 's any question ... charle Divine . carrie okay - that 's a start - let 's go . Music start - you can guess the style of the wedding dress from the dialogue . carrie emerge again . charle gorgeous .... not quite my style . carrie meringue . charle Rather . kark carrie in a white satin hot pants suit . charle you be kid . carrie but it would be great , would not it . charle if I be you husband , I would die of pride . carrie yeh , I think hamish would die full stop . eke she emerge again . charle that 's it - perfect - sexy and yet traditional . carrie it 's the petticoat . charle ah . kee k she walk out - it 's a little bo - peep type - lot of lace and silk bow . carrie this be the dress . what do you think ? charle carrie I know it - I know it - she go back in . charle but if you can get a little staff it would be very good for look after sheep . carrie ( v/0 ) do not be rude . a lot of people have be very happy in that dress . k k 71 she come out in bra and pants and pose for a split second like a fifty model carrie and then there 's always the beach look . and run straight back in again . charle it 's no wonder husband be not allow to see this - they would realise they be not worthy . keke carrie ( v/0o ) right - ignore the dress - it 's train we be talk about now . what do we think ? cuT to : carrie be stand at the door of the store - the train stretch right back into the change room - 30 foot . charle you look mad . kkkkk carrie ( V /0 ) second to last . I think it might be a bit sexy . she emerge in a silver - sequine full length sheath - staggering , she look like a mermaid . it be divinity . charle I be speechless . carrie yeh - I kind of figure . charle I mean , I adore it - but there 's nothing in the world more off - put at a wedding than a priest with a enormous erection . rere carrie ( v/0o ) ok , and finally , kind of traditional , but kind of nice . 72 she come out - it be beautiful - for the first time she be wear a veil . charle be silent . she lift the veil slowly . it be a magical moment . Beyond comment . 73 . nt. tea room . day . 73 . it 's polite and old - fashioned . on the table in front of charle and carrie be a pot of tea and a slice of battenburg cake . outside , it be pour with rain . charle do you mind the fact that it 's always raining in England ? carrie I love it - when we be young and it rain , my dad always take we out in big yellow coat , with no umbrella and we would fool around ' till the rain stop - so for my family , rain 's a happy thing . charle that 's a sickeningly wholesome story - what do you dad do when it be sunny ? carrie he lock we in the basement and - beat we with stick . . charle laugh . during the scene , they be both eat the slice of cake - but neither will finish it . at first this be quite reasonable - they each take little piece with they fork , leave enough for the other . but finally they be actually divide the crumb . charle one really strange thing be think you will never sleep with anyone else . you do not think you will ever be unfaithful ? carrie no - not once we be marry - I have tell hamish I will kill he if he be - so I think I better stick by that . charle quite right . although just before he die John betjeman be ask if he have any regret in life and he say he wish he would sleep around more . 73 carrie no - I reckon I have have a fair run at it . charle how many be a fair run this day ? carrie 0 , I do not know - more than ... one . charle like - how many ? I have see the dress - I can take anything now . carrie well ... at first she 's unwilling , but then she get draw in , count they out on she finger . carrie ( cont ) okay - let 's see . right - 1 - not easily forget . kind of nice . 2 - mistake , hairy back . 3 ~ lovely , get into the swing of it now . 4 , 5 , 6 , that be my birthday present . charle which birthday ? carrie sixteen I think . charle we have only reach sixteen ? carrie that 's right : I be bring up in the country - endless fool around in barn . then there be 7 - yummy - 8 - yummy yummy - 9 - against a fence - really uncomfortable — do not try it ... charle I will not . carrie then 10 - ah , 10 - he be the really annoying one we all have , when you say , " of no , why do not I know all this stuff before ? " - I waste one to nine . 11 - obviously , in the circumstance , very disappoint . charle mouth : 74 carrie ( cont ) 12 - still recover . 13 - 90 , so there 's even more to it . 14 , 15 , 16 , 17 - the University year - lovely , intelligent , sensitive boy - sexually speak , a real low patch . 18 - he break my heart . Long year of yearn . charle I be sorry . carrie after which come 19 - who I do not remember , but my room - mate say we definitely do it - 20 - long one - 3 year . 21 - my fatal attraction . charle he go crazy ? carrie . no , he look like Michael Douglas . 22 - that be my first year in England ~- I love English guy - 23 and 24 together , which be something ... charle you be joke . carrie no , it be a holiday , I be brown , they be foreign , sure beat conversation , and we be still age before aids . 25 - gorgeous - older man . 26 - dreadful - older man . 27 - that be a mistake . charle suddenly at 27 you make a mistake ? carrie he have a really bad cold - I think it would not matter - it do . actually there be a few nasty one round here - lot of rather grand frenchman I think be glamorous . very nearly give up on the whole thing . but Spencer change ny mind , that 's 28 . his father - 29 ... 'his father ! !' 75 carrie ( cont ) then 30 - he shout a lot , which I find odd , 31 - fine , 32 - lovely . and my fiancee - 33 . charle so I come after you fiancee carrie no , you be 32 . charle o thank you . carrie so there we have it - something to tell my daughter . now what about you ? charle ( panic ) me? carrie yes - how many girl have you sleep with ? charle '' God , ahm , well , nothing like that many . I do not know what the fuck I have be do with my time actually . work probably - that 's it . work . carrie well , go on . charle ahn , well , let see - he count on he finger - 1,2,3 . pause . 4th finger . Long pause . charle of , it must be about twenty . carrie no , go on , try harder . charle ( he just can not come up with the number ) five ... six ... all right , about 15 . carrie my husband say he 's sleep with 84 . 76 charle that 's a lie - he 's lie . he 's a filthy liar . carrie apparently not . he be very perky in he 30' . charle be he ? 0 , God . I have waste ny life ! here I be , have tea when I should be out scour the street . look , do you mind if I pay and ' run , I have get serious shagging to do . she laugh . both of they just stop talk . charle watch she sip she tea , and smile . something 's happen . she have a bite of cake - then look at he calmly - he snap out of it . charle sorry - sorry . ( pause ) I wish I would rung you . ( she smile ) but then you do not ring I _ either . you ruthlessly sleep with I twice , and then never ring I . carrie ( gentler ) that 's another strange thing about get marry - you look back on all the people you have be with , and ... you get sentimental about they , and you think about other decision you might have make . they look at each other . pause . she decide to break it . -+- who know , maybe I should have give the guy with the hairy back another chance - there be creams . they both laugh . this be two people who should be together . carrie I have to go soon . charle o Christ - ( look at he watch ) - come with I - be my excuse . 74 . ext . oxford STREET . day . 74 . david be wait outside . as they approach - david sign from afar ... carrie look at 77 david whatever you excuse , you be doom . i_disown you , and if you ever have child I intend to abuse they ... charle carrie this be David , my brother . David this be carrie . carrie hi david I have see ou__at a couple of wedding . charle he say he 's see you at a couple of wedding . david Christ she be absolutely adorable , be not she ? charle to translate it charle , he say it be lydia and Laura 's . iwas look for she wedding present when I bump into she . that 's why I be late . david pathetic . who 's she marrying ? charle some total penis . david what be it about total penise that they get such great wife ? charle I just tell he you be get marry - he say you husband must be a pretty special person . david id not u_do it with she once ? carrie what do he say ? charle where be you do it ? -— ~- — ~o + yr be - e carrie Scotland . david beautiful breast . charle he say it 's a beautiful country . hilly . Excuse I a second . I have to wful feel about this girl ... she 's wonderful . I mean T like eve : ing about be i_like she as much as ( to she ) sorry ~ this be really dull for you . [ have get this problem with my car - David 's a expert . david you should tell she . this time next week she will be Mrs penis . charle he say I should do something now - by next week it will be ruin . carrie look , guy - I have get to be go . I be expect at a rehearsal . charle ugger — ' . david say something - this be you last chance . charle say what ? david '' Ditch the prick , marry I instead " carrie thanks for the tea . I really enjoy it . see you at the wedding . charle yes , great . carrie Goodbye David , I hope you can get the car fix . 78 charle nod thoughtfully as though maybe david be right . they watch she and he sprint off after he ... he mind make up . 79 charle ( absentmindedly ) goodb : - hope you get the car fix . david what car ? as she walk away down Oxford Street . david as_a_brother I have get to say , TI think you _m regret fi rest of you life . charle q yes and fat chance she 's go to do_anything except .... of fuck it ! he turn the corner - no glimpse of she . 75 . ext . hanover _ sou : . day . 75 he run into hanover Square - there she be - he dodge ) traffic and end up right in front of she . charle ahm look - carrie hi. charle I know this be a stupid question - particularly in view of we recent shopping trip - but I just wonder whether you be sure - well , of course you be sure , but I just wonder whether there 's any chance - I mean , obviously not , I be just some git who 's only sleep with 9 people but I just wonder whether - I know I be go to regret this even as I say it , but I really feel ... ahm ... in short , ina slightly clearer version - in the word of David cassidy in fact - ' I think I love you ' and I wonder whether you would not by any chance like to ... no , of course not , that 's the answer really be not it - I be a idiot , he 's not . fantastic . Lovely to see you . sorry to disturb you - better get on . fuck. 80 pause carrie that be very romantic .... charle well I think it over a lot , want to get it just right ... carrie no , I mean it . charle the thing be ... I just feel ... you do not just feel do you ... carrie I be get marry in 14 day time ... charle yes . I agree . I just want to have say it - carrie Said what ? charle well , ( absolutely rush it ) would you like to marry I ... just in case you be be force into this marriage by some kind of hideous blackmail ... if that 's the case - if there 's some grotesque plot to make you marry a man you absolutely hate , I be willing to step in and save you . carrie thank you . I really appreciate that . you be lovely . she kiss he and walk away . he be leave on the street . the alarm go off . 76 . int . wedding 3 . scottish church . dusk . 76 . a church in Scotland . it be evening , and it look like a dream , like a fairytale , completely light with candle . carrie be at the altar . her wedding dress be the loveliest that we have see . vicar therefore , if any man can show any just cause or impediment why they may not be lawfully join together , let they speak now . 81 there be a bang at the back door . the congregation turn - it be charle . charle ( mouth ) sorry . the service continue . vicar do you take this man to be you lawful wedd husband , to have and to hold from this day forth as long as ye both shall live ? carrie I do . CUT to : charle , take it in . charle ( last gasp of exhaust defeat ) fuckadoodle-doo. a song play in v/o : yvonne fair it should have be I ! it should have be I ! you know , it should have be I ! baby how can you do this to I ? CUT to : the rather irksome best man be read the lesson . frederick " if I speak with the tongue of man and of angel , but have not love , I be become a sounding brass , or a clanging cymbal . during this , pan across a smile row of guest - then reach charle , he head in he hand on ' but have not love ' . 77 . ext . wedding 3 . scottish church . dusk . 77 . charle walk alone in a crowd through a avenue of torch guide guest to the reception . the Church be in the grounds of the Scottish manor House hamish own . sad music play . — with — with - — - ws . 82 78 . int . scottish manor house . reception - up. dusk . 78 . charle shake hand charle you be a very lucky man . hamish I know . charle ( to carrie ) you look beautiful . not a meringue in sight . carrie thanks . let 's hope tonight we can resist we usual wedding behaviour . charle yes ... he move on - he be stop by a photographer . photographer Sir - if you would like to just step over here - we be take picture for the couple . he be lead over to a corner , where the photographer be set up with prop and light and a particularly rich tableau , with deer , and kilted wax figure . photographer please yes - how about you hold the spear - that 's right . and the haggis , yes , very funny . charle deeply gloony . photographer ( cont ) now smile - show they how delighted you be - that 's right - a great big grin for the bride and groom to remember you by . he grin - it be the direct opposite of what he be feel . charle yes , look excuse I , I just remember I have to ring my mother : she 's in a coma ... and he move on . he turn the corner and ... wee 83 79 . int . scottish manor house . reception . dusk . 79 . charle good lord . ... before he be a extraordinary sight ... the entire Hall have be transformed into a medieval Scottish World , of roasting animal , and burn brazier - strange tableaux of scene from Scottish history threaten in the corner . in the corner be a Scottish band all ready to suggest that the people spend the evening dance reel . curt to : the friend - as in the first wedding , gather to survey the scene : gareth at he most exuberant . gareth what can one say - it 's sodd macbeth ! scarlett do you think that deer be real ? fiona close she eye at this . gareth . dearest thing - I have decide to set you all a challenge : as you know , there be at the moment not a wedding ring between the lot of we - which be particularly disappoint in the case of the heterosexuals here present - tom well , do not look at I : I have ask hundred of people . ( he point out various girl ) I have ask she and she - I ask she twice - and she sister . scarlett you have not ask I . tom have not I ? scarlett no . tom well , yes , I mean , of course , scarlett , would you like ... you 84 tom ( cont would ) know ... I have not get much to offer , but erm ... scarlett no thanks , Tom . but nice of you to ask . tom no , any time . gareth be that as it may - I want to set you a challenge - find husband and wife . wedding be the ideal time for it . Matthew and I be in a slightly special position , and we will try to entertain the Americans - but the rest of you - please - conjugate ! I would like to go to the wedding of someone I really love for a change . tom Fair enough - I be game . what about you fifi - spot a potential hubby in the throng ? fiona fuck off , Tom . tom quite right . scarlett I be game . I can see 4 or 5 candidate . a champagne tray come round . gareth a toast before we head into battle - to true love - in whatever shape or form it come . May all of we in we dotage be proud to say " I be adore once too . " all true love . gareth right - as David bowie say so brilliantly before he go completely off the rail - " let 's dance ! " . } 85 gareth rub he hand in glee - he 's go to misbehave - we can see that matthew actually love this in he . david you. presumably will not ursuin this with particular relish . charle no . I think I will just sit here and wait for my wife to find I . david raise a eyebrow and walk away - charle sit down on he own near a large stuff warrior . a voice come from behind he ... henrietta hello , Charles . charle 0 , hen , no please - I could not bear a scene today . I know I be a total shite , I deserve repeat torture ... henrietta do I behave that atrociously last time ? charle do you remember when we be on holiday in the Caribbean and I get attack by that enormous stingray ...? henrietta yes . charle it be worse . she laugh . she be in a good playful mood - you can now see why they might have once go out - they be comfortable as old boyfriend and girlfriend . charle Christ , I be depressed ~ how be you ? henrietta well , cheerful actually - I have get a divine new boyfriend who be over there ( cutaway to she good look boyfriend ) and I weigh almost nothing . charle yes , you look wonderful ... perhaps you be right , hen - perhaps we should have get marry . 86 henrietta absolutely not - you will never marry anyone , Charles . what you be be a serial monogamist : kind and lovely - but always in transit ... charle I be sure I could change : right girl , right railway station ... henrietta and besides - marry you and you have to marry you friend - and I be not sure I could take Fiona . charle Fiona love you .. henrietta : Fiona call I the attractive duck ... charle do she ? so all round - I be nota good bet henrietta no - nice for a year , but ... charle thanks for that , hen - I be depressed , but you have really cheer I up . I think I will go die now . henrietta please come and have lunch sometime - ring I ... ( peck he gently on the cheek ) ... still cute . cut to : gareth dance with terrific gusto with a 60 year old woman . and now carrie join in the dance . CUT back to : charle , watch she . fiona join hin . fiona how be the duck ? : charle good form , actually . not too mad . how 's the challenge go ...? cut to : 87 tom , talk to a very pretty woman . tom apparently a enormous number of people actually bump into they future spouse at wedding ... which be ...ahm ... interesting . married woman yes , I meet my husband at a wedding . tom ( disappointed ) ah . ( he take a big gulp of drink ) good Lord , I seem to have finish my drink . if you will excuse I ... CUT to : , scarlett stand in front of the best - look man at the wedding . scarlett hello , my name 's scarlett . name after scarlett o'hara , but much less trouble . what 's you name ? american good - looker rhett . scarlett no - not really ?! american good -looker no , not really . in fact it 's Weston . scarlett | you kidder - for some reason or other you imagine Americans be go to be dull as shit - and of course you be not be you ? I mean | Robin Williams be american , be not he ? weston yes , he be . scarlett you be lovely . CUT to : gareth , in conversation with a orange -haired american lady . j 88 carrie' aunt . do you actually know oscar wilde ? gareth not personally , no - though I know someone who could get you he fax number . CUT to : more ferociously exuberant dance - tom be now dance with someone to whom he give the fruity eye . CUT to : charle and fiona . a bagpipe play to announce speech . gareth return . gareth how 's it go - any ring on any finger ? fiona no - but there 's a charming man over there with no hair who I think might be a contender . gareth it 's a bit of a nightmare out there - Matthew 's trap with a evangelist from Minnesota . CUT to : matthew with a man with a star and stripe waistcoat : he have he eye close and he hand on Matthew 's shoulder . he may be exorcise he . matthew look quizzical . frederick — the best man ( v / of ) lady and gentieman - please charge you glass . first , rather unusually , we have a word from the bride . enthusiastic applause - particularly from gareth . gareth excellent . I love this girl . charle look up at gareth - who shrug he shoulder - he know Charles 's secret . carrie and hamish be at the end , on a sort of raise platform . 89 carrie thank you . forgive I if I be a - little hesitant - the last really important speech I make be to ny mother and father explain exactly what a packet of condom be do in my bedside table . laughter carrie ( cont ) I really only want to say 3 thing . the first be how overjoy I be to see all of you here - I would have think that not live in the same country be a perfect excuse for not turn up to a wedding - and yet here you Americans be . thank you . and as for the local - I would have think the fact that lot of frightful Americans be fly in be the perfect excuse for stay away - so thank you too . : charle look at she with affection , carrie ( cont ) Point number 2 be a private thing between I and my sister - I always tell you I would tell you on my wedding day - and the answer be - yes , I do - 3 time - and I be really sorry . the third point be the important one - if my . darling dad have be here today , he would have be speak now - and I know what he would have say - " cute dress , babe , but why the hell be you marrying the stiff in the skirt ? " tom roar with laughter - he 's very impressed at she cheek . carrie ( cont ) and I would have give he the same answer I give you - ' because I love he . ' as John Lennon , who die the same year as ny dad , say - " Love be the answer - and you know that for sure " . I do know - and I be sure . they all clap as she sit down . charle can not believe he let she go . charle this be the last wedding I be go i to - I mean it . 90 david quietly pat he brother 's shoulder . now the applause die down and carrie just get to she foot again . carrie oo , final thing - someone here ask I to marry they last week - and the answer be - ' yeh , okay , if this do not work out ' . it 's a outrageous thing to say , and hamish roar with laughter . charle look at she . frederick - the best man splendid . and now , my lord , lady and gent , my dear friend and yours , Mr hamish bank . charle shake he head in dismay . hamish be confident in he year and social position . _ david imean , how old be he ? 2,000 , 3,000 year o1d ? hamish anyone involved in Conservative politics over the past 20 year have get use to be upstage by a woman . but I do not expect it to happen on my wedding day . that say , it could not have be do by a more wonderful woman , one by whom I be quite happy to be upstage for the rest of my life . loud " bravo ! " . in the background there be a clatter . CUT to : gareth have stumble backwards . CUT back to : hamish ( cont would ) first , I would like to extend ny compliment to the bridesmaid - and of course the excellent page boy - they do they duty superbly - and obviously I intend to use you all every time I get marry from now on . he look at carrie - he have tease she back . laughter . smooth , slight more 91 cuT to : gareth . he fall further , pull a table cloth . a bottle fall and smashes as he tug it . then back ... hamish o dear , barrack at the back - so it be a political speech after all ! most of the audience be still listen to he , and most laugh . charle move to gareth . david and tom be with he . charle we be go to need a Doctor . ton . david cradle gareth 's head on he knee . the fuss at the back be now discreet . tom all right - leave it to I . tom be suddenly another version of himself - responsible , caring - this be how he will be with he family , on he farn . CUT to : the podium hamish one expect the unexpected at a wedding - but I must admit heckling come as a genuine surprise . but you know , this Scottish nationalist be very determine . some laughter . CUT to : gareth . the doctor be right there . he have a feel of gareth 's neck pulse . doctor ( very quiet and calm ) let 's move he into the next roon . they begin to move hin . CUT back to : hamish have no idea what 's occur . hamish I would also like to thank all the wonderful lady of the parish who do the flower in the Church - the stern old building take on a look of 92 hamish ( cont would ) flushed youth today - more I fear than can be say for the bridegroom . everyone laugh . 80 . scottish manor house . drawing room . night . 80. this be the room they have move gareth to . it be huge and empty . there be a sharp contrast between the two room - one absolutely pack and full of laughter , the other still , with six small figure alone in a big space . we see gareth 's fabulous waistcoat be unbuttone . fiona , david , charle , tom be there . charle be he go to be all right ? the doctor look at he , with no hope in he face . 8 nt. scottis R use . cc : on . night . 81 . hamish ( cont would ) ... twice she age , half she brain .. Big roar of laughter . powerful music play . 2 . scottish manor house . drawing room . nig ! 82 . in the room next door something have happen . it be like a tableau . fiona be try desperately not to cry . tom be stand with he hand behind he neck . david be hold gareth be head . there be a kerfuffle at the door and scarlett sprint inelegently into the room , run towards they and slip across the polished wooden floor , like on ice . 83.int . scottish manor house . eption . night . 83. we see charle , he face white , walk through the crowd of people laugh . hamish still talk in the background ... hamish I look in the mirror this morning when I be shave , and I think to myself - I must learn to shave without look in the mirror . however - if as the year go by I can look in the mirror and see my beautiful bride behind I - then I will put up with anything ... charle see matthew and walk towards he . just before he reach he , he hesitates - it 's a hard moment . 93 84 . int . scottish manor house . drawing room . night . 84 . the tableau in the other room . 85 . int . scottish manor house . rec : on . night . 5 . the end of charle be hesitation . he move forward , take matthew 's arm , and whisper in he ear . CUT away as we take in matthew 's reaction to the news . 86 . ext . lake district . day . 86 . Dramatic shot of the Lake District , in all its ill - tempere winter beauty . after 30 second , we see charle ' car drive . it turn the corner . 87 . ext . funera : ch . lake district . day . 87 . there , in the middle of the mountain , stand a rough stone chapel . outside it be park lot of car . charle be last again . scarlett and he both get out and walk swiftly . scarlett be dress all in black , except for pink shoe . charle so : I ' os david do not worry . we tell you the wrong time . it start _in ten minute . you be early . charle thanks . Tom . good to see you . tom wonderful to see you , Charles , as always . darling scarlett . scarlett 's face just crease with sorrow . tom seem to have change into a slightly different figure , still foolish , but a good member of the community . 88 . int . funeral church . lake district . day . 88 . they all walk in together . charle see matthew . charle I be sorry I be late . matthew not at all - gareth would have be deeply wounded if you would break a lifetime 's tradition . , 94 charle move past many face we recognise : angus , lydia , bernard , LAURA and more . we also see some older people . University colleague - and two slightly meek , older people , understand to be gareth 's parent . charle see that carrie be there , in the far corner of the church . she look plain , un - make up - a beautiful but rather startling contrast to the high flush of she wedding day . but charle sit where tom gently guide he , next to fiona . david slip in next to he ... Music begin to play . the service begin . the coffin be there , in the middle of the aisle . the music come to a end . the local priest speak . . priest before I begin , I have ask Matthew to say a few word . matthew step forward . he have a few papers . matthew gareth use to prefer funeral to wedding . he say it be easier to get enthusiastic about a ceremony one at least have a outside chance of eventually be involved in . everyone laugh , they be immediately at ease . charle discreetly sign matthew be word for david . in order to do my research for this speech I ring round to get a general picture of how gareth be regard by that who meet he . " fat " seem to be a word people most connect with he . I ring a couple of library and ask if they remember he . " no . " - " he be fat ... " - " o yes , of course ! " . " terribly rude " also ring a lot of bell . when I tell the emotional italian in we local sandwich shop that gareth be dead , he first reaction be " thank God for that " — before , of course , burst into tear and close the shop to mourn . so , " very rude and very fat " seem to have be the stranger 's viewpoint . and I be sure the maker of he waistcoat would like I to add " very demand and , of course , quite mad " . on the other hand , some of you have be kind enough to ring I , and 95 matthew ( cont would ) tell I that you love he - which I know he would have be thrilled to hear . you remember he fabulous hospitality and he strange , experimental cooking - the recipe for duck a la banana fortunately go with he to he grave . most of all , you tell I of he enormous capacity for joy , and when joyful , for highly vocal drunkenness . his full bass version of " shaddupa ya face " be something we will all , tragically , never forget . but I hope joyful be how you will remember hin . not stick in a box in a church . pick you favourite of he waistcoat and then remember he that way : the most splendid , replete , gaudily dress , weak - heart as it turn out , and jolly bugger most of we ever meet . as for I , you may ask how I will remember he , what I think of hin , and , ' unfortunately , there I fall rather short of word . perhaps you will forgive I if I turn for ny own feeling to the word of another splendid bugger , w.h.auden ... he recite a poem by auden . at first he modestly read it , and then look up and speak it , not consulting the paper in front of he . cut away during the poem should include gareth be parent - it would be nice to feel they understand matthew . this be actually what I want to say : " stop all the clock , cut off the telephone . prevent the dog from bark with a juicy bone . silence the pianos and with muffle drum bring out the coffin , let the mourner come . let aeroplane circle moan overhead scribble on the sky the message he be Dead , put the crepe bow round the white neck of the public dove , let the traffic policeman wear black cotton glove . he be my North , my South , my East and West my work week and my Sunday rest my noon , my midnight , my talk , my song , I think that love would last for ever : I be wrong . the star be not want now : put out every one 96 matthew ( cont would ) pack up the moon and dismantle the sun pour away the ocean and sweep up the wood for nothing now can ever come to any good " . a long silence as matthew fold he piece of paper . as he go and sit down , a little child cry out , feed up . matthew quite right . CUT to fiona read the lesson . fiona if I speak with the tongue of man and angel , but have not love , I be become a sounding brass , or a clanging cymbal . and if I have the gift of prophecy , and know all mystery and all knowledge ; and if I have all faith , so as to remove mountain , but have not love - I be nothing . CUT to charle translate the last sentence for david . they both know how true it be . 89 -_fun : church . district . day . 89 . people be kissing and get back into they car . david leave charle and walk away with serena . scarlett come up to charle . scarlett I be go back with David . charle nod . as scarlett walk away , she come across fiona , who put she arm over scarlett be shoulder . then scarlett slip a arm round fiona be waist . it be the first time we have see they affectionate . carrie approach charle ... charle it be good of you to come - must have be the shortest honeymoon in history . carrie no , it 's fine . we be go to take it some other time . pause : there be thing to say . that thing you say in the street ... 97 charle I be sorry about that - it be the tea , ... tea always .. - it 's like lsd with I , I do not know what I be do . carrie no - I like it . I like you say it . charle well , likewise you speech - I will hold you to it . carrie okay . Long pause . I would better be go . charle yes . . bye . he put out he hand - to shake — but she come forward and kiss he - it be awkward like two uncomfortable lover ... then she walk away . fiona walk , Charlie ? charle yes . that would be lovely . 90 . ext . near funeral church . lake district . day . 90 . fiona and charle be overlook the hill . fiona you like that girl , do not you ? charle yes - yes - it 's a strange thing when at last it happen . he look at she with truth - without irony - then shake he head . what about you , fifi - when be you go to show you card ? fiona o , really they be there for all to see . I have be in love with the same bloke for age . charle who 's that ? pause . fiona ( very casually ) you , Charles . it 's always be you , since first we meet , of so many year ago . he be sad , perplex . she take a puff on she cigarette . fiona I know the first . moment . across the crowded room - or lawn , in fact . pause for another puff . do not matter . nothing either of we can do on this one . such be life . she look straight at he . she 's calm , glad to have say it . he look out , still confuse . then turn and look at she thoughtfully - she be calmly surveying the scene ahead . pause . fiona " Friends " be not bad , you know . Friends be quite something . charle yes ... so what do we do ? let we parent decide who we should marry ? take the first girl and boy come over the hill ? fiona no , but perhaps , you know , change the goalpost - look for something different - look for someone we can live with , rather than someone we adore . tom hello , you chap . not but in be I ? fiona ( almost tenderly ) no , come on , Tom . they get up and begin to stride . tom gosh , that be some display , be not it - never feel like that - I mean , something vaguely similar for jilly when I be young ... charle look for explanation . fiona explain ... fiona labrador . tom in a way I think it 's hardest for the parent , do not you ? I hope I die before ny child . charle Tom - one thing I find really touch be you total confidence you will get marry . what if you never find the right girl ? tom well I do not know , Charlie , truth be - unlike you , I have never expect the thunderbolt - always hope I would just meet some nice , friendly girl , like the look of she , hope the look of I do not make she physically sick - then pop the question and settle down and be happy . charle and fiona exchange a look - maybe he 's right . it work for my parent .. well , apart from the divorce and all that . charle dear Tom , you be very wise . I give you six month at the outside . do not want the responsibility of best man : but can I be chief usher ? tom dear fellow . that would be splendid . and , as they walk on ... tom ( cont would ) I shall miss gareth most awfully . ++.an alarm clock ring . 100 summer ql. int . _c less '_ bedroom . day . 91 . cu the alarm clock ringing . caption : 20 month later . a hand come up . and slam the clock off . we follow the arm down . it belong to charle : he 's sleep in he shirt and trousers . he roll over and hug a figure in bed next to he . a shout , and tom sit up in bed . tom what the hell 's go on ? charle ( waking ) o my God he look towards the clock Tom , I think it 's time to get dress . CUT to two white shirt : one hang up - the other scrunch into a pile in the middle of sock . two hand pick then up . cur to tom put brace over he shoulder in a sprightly manner . CUT to charle , give up on brace and put a belt round he trousers . CUT to tom take black shoe out of a box : they be new and beautifully shine . CUT to charle reach into a pile of old gymshoe . he finally find he black shoe - they be mud-filthy . charle excellent . 92 . int . kitchen . charles' house . day 92 . tom , look crisp , enter . matthew ah , Thomas , bravo - be we ready for the big day ? tom I think we be . how do I look ? 101 matthew Divine . scarlett , I think you better get up - the service begin in a hour . a voice from under the kitchen table scarlett here I come - ready in 11 second . it 's clearly a lie . her naked leg drift out from under the table . tom splendid waistcoat , Matthew . matthew thank you - a good tradition , I think . : for matthew be wear one of gareth 's old waistcoat . tom God - if people know how much organisation go into wedding , no - one would ever get splice . enter david - in wedding trousers and a white shirt . matthew ah , time for the champagne , I think - there we go - let we toast the groon . tom splendid , absolutely splendid . they take glass . enter charle , chaotic - mess hair , one brace on , shirt untucked . charle sorry I be late , try to clean this bloody shoe . matthew we be just about to have a toast . lady and gentleman - the Groom . and they all turn towards charle : all with beam smile . charle thanks - can I have a glass too - I be die of thirst . how 's my chief usher ? . . 102 tom give he he traditional double thumb up . tom ticketty-boo. 93 . int . room in private house . day . 93 . a fantasy of flower , petticoat , bridesmaid in dress . clearly the bride be be prepare . we see hand , flower , lace - but not the bride 's face . 94 . int . kitchen . charles' house . day . 94 . the breakfast table - they be all seat , with lot of burnt toast . matthew only a few hour from now , I be go to be stand up and make a speech about what a wonderful day this be for this unbe-fuck - lievably perfect couple . all bravo !!! Fine turn of phrase ! matthew : but here , amongst friend , I be sure we would all agree that it 's time for a little more honesty . charle shame . matthew I for one have totally give up on Charles get marry . I think - the only way for he ever tie the knot would be to team up with some equally desperate ex , and make the best of a bad job . charle you honour I object . matthew either that - or he would marry someone for they look and accept the fact that he 's basically marry to we lot - the only problem be we refuse to have he baby . tom I do not know about that ... 103 matthew and the truth of the matter be - he 's go and do both - settle for some desperately attractive desperate ex . all bravo ! matthew and we all wish you the best of luck , you tragic sad act ... 95 . int . room in private house . day . 95 . the crown of flower that we have just see be prepare : it 's finally ready - it be carry - and laid on to the | head of henrietta . ' henrietta what do you think ? bridesmaid you look divine . ! henrietta 8 thank you . henrietta smile . : 96 . int . tchen . charle & S. itt's house . day . 96 . the kitchen table - and charle replying on he own behalf . charle well , I would like to thank Matthew for ' that charming tribute to myself and 1 my future wife . I wonder if I can just pass on to you before the day ' start a little private message from ' she to you all : tom oo , this be exciting . ' charle she say - " any of you come near we house , I will set the dog on you " all bravo !!! 104 charle as you know , the passage to the altar have not be the most peaceful for I and hen - but in the end , for all my imperfection , she take I with no condition at all apart from the fact that I should not be late to the service - so I reckon it 's a pretty good deal . what time be it by the way ... matthew 10.45 charle Jesus - we be mean to be there !!! why do not anyone tell I ? matthew please , dear boy , do not panic - we make allowance . . charle what . .? a very noisy sound from above . he look out the window . a helicopter be landing . charle ( cont ) ++. the hell be that ? scarlett ( with a huge grin ) do not worry . Tom pay . huge grin from tom . 7 . ext . roo : les & S be house . day . 97 . they be all climb up on to the roof , with the helicopter above , charle sign to david .... charle by the way , it 's really noisy . 8 . ext . wedding 4 . - london . day . 98 . a beautiful , large London Church . as they approach , tom grab charle by the shoulder . tom I just want to_ say , before everything , how deeply honoure I be to be you usher . 105 charle you be welcome , Tom . after all , it be you who introduce we all that long complicated year ago . tom no , but really . I be glad to be you friend . charle ( touched ) thank you . tom immediately lose the intimate moment , and drift off back into he cheerful old mood . tom and actually , I be pretty damned delighted to get a invitation to anything this day . you see , my damn relative keep marrying each other - so I get half as many invite as normal people . they catch up with the other . matthew in organise mode . matthew okay troops - gather ye round - one last go through before the horrible horde begin to gather . and George - over here . GEORGE splendid - just hope I damn sister turn up , that 's all !!! it be he , from the cab and the boatman - he 's henrietta 's brother . while the boy gather , with scarlett , who have actually dress in tail , fiona arrive . fiona charle fifi . they have be through they own war . fiona you see that I be wear black . charle o yes , so you be . 106 fiona but tomorrow , I will be all the colour of the rainbow . think I will go find someone who fancy I for a change . she smile - it be all right . tom approach in he formal capacity . tom right , let 's get go . Fiona , bride or groom ? fiona o fuck off , Thomas . CUT to : 5 minute later the guest be start to arrive . scarlett stand next to charle . then she scream . she have spy she tall american - she rush up to he , and jump up , with she leg around he waist . matthew unusual behaviour for a usher . CUT to : angus and LAURA from the first wedding arrive with twin . follow by lydia and . bernard . charle ( to angus ) I have no idea ! angus neither do bloody I - for heaven 's sake - it 's ridiculous . LAURA o ignore he - he adore they - you should see he with they in the bath . behind she back , angus mime a drown motion . angus ( whisper as he pass ) the thing be to make it look like a accident . they keep arrive . lydia we have get a lovely gift for you . 107 charle can not wait . as long as it be not another salad bowl , T will be thrilled . they both laugh very naturally at this . charle move away . they face fall in grief . lydia honestly Bernard ! ( imitate she husband ) " he always love salad ! " 99 . int . wedding 4 . church . day . 99 . matthew with charle 's mad old man . matthew bride or groom ? old man it should be perfectly obvious that I be neither . matthew be sweetly tolerant . matthew if you would like to sit here , sir . old man anywhere I can see the screen . he be sit down next to a middle aged lady . old man Love schwarzenegger - go anywhere to see one of he film . he take out he glass and look eagerly towards the altar . 100 . E wedding 4 . C ch. day . oo . charle shaking the hand of gareth 's father . 1 . int . wedding 4 . church . day . ol . tom at the door with a sweet - look , slightly awkward girl . tom bride or groom ? deirdre bride . he look at she - it be love at first sight . 108 tom ahm , yes . Fine . you know , I have get a feel we have meet before . deirdre we have - about 25 year ago . I be second cousin harold 's daughter , deirdre . you be Tom . tom good lord . so you be family . deirdre yes . Love be in they eye . deirdre but very distant . tom well , yes , of course . you say you be ... ' bride '. deirdre yes . tom yes . well , do sit , do sit here , deirdre . . he walk away , daze . tom golly . thunderbolt City . tom walk past charle - charle look up - and there walk towards he be carrie , . very quietly dress . beautiful . carrie hi. charle hello . carrie you look lovely : but then , as you know , I always like you in wedding gear . charle smile carrie and on time . 109 charle it 's a extraordinary thing . she smile . so do he . they be happy with this . charle how 's hamish ? carrie o he 's fine ... I believe . charle you believe ? carrie yes. ( pause ) be not the man for I after all . charle ( worried ) you leave he ? carrie we leave each other . it be charming . very polite . Fine ( she 's just a little precarious now ) charle when ? carrie o , a year or so . yes . March be hell . by April it be sort . ( try to make light of it ) that 's absolutely the last time i. marry someone twice my father 's age . matthew interrupt - it 's all go . matthew time to travel , Charles ... charle ( distract ) yes , yes ... ( then polite ) come , good . ( to carrie ) why do not you get in touch with I ? | carrie i well , you know , I do think about it . want to ... but I be in a state ... she clearly have remember he intensely . but she gather herself . . 110 carrie ( cont ) ...- then I hear about this - so I think better not . ( and now she 's breezy again ) anyway , must not hold you up - see you afterwards - though I fear that once again , we will have to break we lovely tradition . charle yes , fine , excellent . she smile and walk away . charle be stunne . charle no ... he may be about to say something very important - but no ... charle .-.- let I show you to you seat ... ( pass Matthew ) I be just show she to she seat . they walk along in silence for a few second , down the aisle . they reach the end of the pew - then , just before turn into it : charle ( cont ) you probably should have = rung . despite what you hear . . carrie should I ? charle yes . yes , you should . this be a restatement of he love for she . carrie we timing really have be bad , have not it ? charle it 's be bad . carrie it 's be a disaster . ( she love he too ) charle it have , as you say , be very bad indeed . God , it 's lovely to see you . pause 111 carrie thank you . good luck . it 's pretty easy - just say ' I do ' whenever anyone ask you a question . charle thanks . charle walk away and meet matthew . matthew shall we leave the ushing to the usher and take we position up front . charle yes - look , just give I a second will you , Matthew ? ..- it 's clearly not all over . matthew certainly , freshen up at will . 102 . int . wedding 4 . church . corridor . day . 102 . he walk down a corridor in this big church - and open a door - there be the choir , all warming up ... choir . Love Divine , all love excell !!! charle sorry . he head out and go in the next door . it be two nun , who look at he angrily . he go back into the corridor . 103 . int . wedding 4 . C ) c! vestry . day . 103. then he enter the next room . it be a big , beautiful , empty ecclesiastical room . he go in and shut the door . charle dear Lord - I ask you to forgive I for what I be about to say in this magnificent place of worship . bugger ! bugger ! bugger ! bugger ! bugger ! after each ' bugger ' , cut to another slightly surprised look religious icon - the virgin Mary , the crucifix , and a final one which should be exceptionally angry , disapprove , or be a man be prick by fork in hell . 112 charle bugger ! a very sweet - nature verger pop he head out from behind a curtain where he have be wash he hand . verger can I help at all ? charle no thanks . no , no , fine , just let off some steam . verger excellent - often do the same myself - not exactly the same vocabulary obviously . Rather more ' blast ' and ' bother ' . I will leave you . 104 . int . wedding 4 . C ! - 04 . guest arrive . now down to the last seat . scarlett guide someone into a position right flat totally behind a pillar . scarlett it 's not as bad as it look , if you bend a little . ( it 's a lie ) . pan across we glimpse carrie , look sérious . a tadge vulnerable , with no idea what be go on . cut to : the door of the Church matthew the bride be arrive . tom 0 fabulous . matthew only : one problem , we have lose the groon . tom ah ... matthew stall she - I will go find he . tom roger. wilko . 113 a tiny pause - then he think up a brilliant plan , and go on . 105 . int . wedding 4 . church . corridor . day . 05 . matthew head down the corridor , open the same series of door - interrupt the same thing . in the first room , the choir choir Lord of all peacefulness , Lord of all calm ! then , in the next room , the nun . matthew sorry . nun o , for Heaven 's sake , harriet , it 's like Piccadilly Circus round here . 106 . int . wedding 4 . church . vestry ay . 106 . then matthew reach the third room and there be charle - lie on a ancient grave in a alcove . matthew ( totally calm ) ah , Charles , good to see you . charle hello Matthew . what be the name of that low budget sci-fi film , 1980' , where the hero have a watch which sort of slowed down time - so he could run around at real _ speed , while everyone else be in slow motion . matthew o yes , I remember . damn - yes . good film . charle very good film . matthew not " the Hidden " ? charle no . one word title ... " trancers " , that be it . . 114 matthew that 's it - that 's the _ baby . excellent film . what about it ? charle well , you have not get one of that watch have you ? matthew not actually on I at the moment . why ? charle I need time to think . 107 . ext . wedding 4 . church . day . 107 . the front gate of the church . henrietta emerge , beautiful in she dress , with she father in attendance . 108 . int . wedding 4 . church . vestry . day . 108 . charle and matthew in the Vestry charle it 's just ... what do you think about marriage ? matthew excellent - if you love the ' person . charle well quite . all this wedding - all this year + here I be on my own wedding day , and I and still .... think . matthew can I ask what about ? charle no , I think best not . 109 . ext . wedding 4 . church . day . 109 . tom head off henrietta and she father tom yes , I be terribly sorry - we have get a bit of a delay : there 's just a slight problem with the flower . henrietta the flower ? 115 tom well , yes . unfortunately we seem to have quite a few hay - fever sufferer in the congregation , and they have be stick next to the damn flower , so we be just move they - the congregation , not the flower - but anyway , with any luck , it will be all right in a jiffy , I be absolutely convinced . I will report back pronto ... he rush back into the Church . henrietta raise she eye sceptically - this chaos be rather what she expect of Tom 's ushere . 110 . int . wedding 4 . church . day . 10 . tom reach matthew and david . . matthew how be you do ? tom I think I have fool they so far . the great advantage of have a reputation for be stupid - people be less suspicious of you . what 's happen ? matthew we will have to wait and see . he 's along the corridor . he 's think . tom what about ? 111 . int . wedding 4 . church . vestry . day . 111 . there be a knock on the door . charle enter . tom ah - Charles - we wonder if we could lend a hand . matthew , tom , david enter . charle smile . scarlett sneak in behind . scarlett what 's the problem , Charlie ? david what 's the problem ? 116 charle oo , look , it 's really nothing ... ( simultaneously to David ) ... I be fuck . matthew Charles ... ( really concerned ) ... no matter what it be , you can tell we ... you really can ... he look at they - they be wait to help he - he be about to speak , when suddenly there be a knock on the door - they be all terrify - ' be it the bride ? ' be the basic fear . matthew ( call out ) hello . the vicar enter vicar hello . think I would come in and shove on the gear . you chap have a final smoke , be you , before the proceedings ? matthew yes , sort of spiritually speak . vicar : well , do not be too long - the bride will think you do not want to marry she . they exchange glance - at the last moment , defeat by politeness and etiquette . the vicar talk away , while charle sign to david .. : vicar ( v/o charle & david 's conversation ) see you all in here remind I of a terrible time , I have a groom who have rather overdo it with the alcohol the day before , and find he could not help throw up into the font . Problem be , no - one know , and the next Saturday , someone rather carelessly fill it up with water for a christen without check inside . no wonder the poor blighter cry when he get dunked . what we be watch be charle talk to david ... . david give I a update . they 112 . 117 charle this be _so embarrassing ... david i_was with you the day you wet yourself during the school Carol service . charle i__just see __ carrie and she 's separate and it suddenly remind I ... david qjesus . Charlie , it 's you wedding day ... charle i_know ... what 's you advice ? david 3 choice : go ahead with it ... charle yes ... david go outside and say , " folk , bad news it 's all off " ... charle not tempting ... david and ... i_ can not think of a third ... charle damn . vicar well , tog on - be we all ready to face the enemy ? matthew be we ? all look at charle . charle yes. excellent . int . wedding 4 . church . corridor . day . 112. outside the door of the vestry - the most emotional music play . the door open . they be all stand there - trim , smile , ready . . . 118 113 . int . wedding 4 . church . day . 113 . charle walk along to the top of the aisle with matthew . meanwhile , at the back ... scarlett what be that about ? tom buggere if I know . as charle look forward , the light break through the stain glass window on to carrie . he look at she , and walk on , up the aisle to he fate . matthew check in he pocket for the ring . he pretend to have lose they - they remember they be in he back pocket , with a great show of mock relief . he turn . tom be at the front door and give he a thumb up - everything be a.o.k. for action . the wedding march start . CUT to henrietta , walk down the aisle - she look beautiful . her father by she side , hold she arn . henrietta not so tight . she arrive . the priest step forward . charle smile at hin . vicar dearly beloved . we be gather here together in the sight of God and in the face of this congregation to join together this man and this woman in holy matrimony - CUT to scarlett absolutely totally beam with pride - and probably cry already . vicar ( cont would ) which be a honourable estate , institute of God in the time of man 's innocence , signify unto we the mystical union that be betwixt Christ and he Church ... CUT to angus and LAURA and therefore be not by any to be enterprise , nor take in hand unadvisedly , lightly or wantonly 119 CUT to bernard and lydia but reverently , discreetly , advisedly , soberly , and in the fear of God . therefore , if any man can show any just cause why they may not lawfully be join together , let he speak now , or else hereafter for ever hold he peace . the usual pause . settle on charle . and then there be a knock from behind , knuckle on wood . charle look startle . the bride look to he alarmed . so do matthew . CUT to david , charle . vicar I be sorry - do someone have something to say ? who raise he hand . CUT between he and charle I think he might . ( he start to sign ) what in the name of ... david charle what ? david will you translate ? charle tra : the what ? vicar what 's go on ? charle ahm , he 's ask I if I will translate what he 's say . vicar o excellent . what be he say ? charle he say ... ( and he watch David ) ' I suspect the groom be have doubt : I suspect the groom would like to delay . I suspect the groom ... I suspect the groom .. 120 david -..rea love someone ___else that 's the truth , be not it Charlie ? charle do not sign back . david ( cont ) because , Charlie - this be for the rest of you life - in the end , if you_marry at all - you have get to marry the person you totally love . CUT to : charle and then david again . david ( cont ) and_by the way - you fly be undone . charle just do a tiny look down vicar what 's he say ? charle he say , he suspect that the groom love someone else . vicar and do you ? ( pause ) do you love someone else ? ( pause ) do you Charles ? pause CUT round : everyone - scarlett , tom , henrietta , fiona , the father of the bride . then like someone say he vow ... charle | I do . the camera hold on charle and then move slowly high up into the Church . 4 . nt. kitchen . charle & scarlett' house . night.114 . same set up as at breakfast , only 10 hour later . the champagne bottle be still lie there . charle , fiona , scarlett , david , tom , matthew . total silence . they be in shock about what happen in church . more silence . scarlett blimey . pause 1221 tom ( optimistically ) at least it 's one we will not forget . I mean a lot of wedding just blend into each other , do not they , but this be one that will really stick out in the memory . matthew for not actually include a wedding service . tom well , that amongst other thing . ( pause ) I be not surprised he hit you . charle ( who have a black eye ) no , I think it be the right thing to do . fiona poor girl . charle o god. tom though , let 's face fact - I ' mean if you be not sure you want to marry she today of all day , i.e. you wedding day , it must be the right decision , must not it ? fiona turn to he to deliver she usual ' fuck off Tom ' - then just brushes he cheek affectionately . david speak charle none of you happen to see ... no , nothing . scarlett it be a lovely dress though , be not it . ( little pause ) I be sure she will find it useful for party . david I blame myself . : 122 all ( simultaneously ) no absolutely not / no , you do the right thing / no , you must not / on the contrary , you be the hero ... charle look up at he charle they all blame you too . pause . a doorbell ring . they all get up , all relieved to have a excuse to move . all ( simultaneously ) I will get it . charle no , let I . if there 's music to face , I should be face it ... he go downstairs , gather he strength and open the door . it be carrie . full romance in the look and music of the moment . carrie hi. . ' charle hello . pause carrie tell I , what be that about this morning ? charle shake he head and look up . charle eee . you . pause carrie ( seriously ) good ... although a disaster . charle unspeakably disastrous . they look hard at each other and then can not resist a gentle smile . 123 charle come on in - it 's raining ... carrie no - let 's stay out ... smiling , remember the rain conversation charle okay ... 115 . ext . charle ' house . night . 115 . they stroll for a moment - then stop . charle ( cont ) I want to ask you a question - a huge question , a important question . carrie okay - what be it ? charle do you think , in time , you might possible agree .... never to marry I ? carrie I do . they kiss in the rain . the end .