foxtrot a screenplay by Samuel maoz 1 . interior to exterior / view through a moving vehicle / early evening Winter . mud and fog . a orange sun peek from time to time through the fog . View through a side window , partly open . a stain window pane . motor of a heavy vehicle , presumably a truck , in a monotonous , dull rattle . a long drive . quiet young man' voice ( vo ) do you know why they suddenly decide to send I home ? another man' voice what do I know ? I be just the driver . we do not see they ; just hear they voice against the pass gloomy landscape . Broken sound of a piano enter the soundtrack . like dry tear . like fade childhood picture , a childhood remember mainly in long . title : foxtrot 2 . interior / stairwell / early morning close view of a apartment 's doorbell . a man 's finger press it briefly and let go . a sticker in fade handwrite , stick to the doorbell : feldman family . 3 . interior / stairwell to apartment / early morning we be face the front door . a short silence . the click of a key turn and the door open . dafna , in she forty , in she nightgown . wearing a throw - on dress gown , she hair dishevel , she stare at we wide - eye . then blurrily . the color drain from she face , she breathe halting . she stare at we like a lose child . michael , 45 , get up from he chair deep within the live room — but remain freeze and stare at we with the same stunne look . man' voice : Mrs feldman ? a trickle of blood escape she nose and she silently collapse . a military officer , 30 , in dress uniform , and a slightly older man in a starch field uniform jump into both side of the frame . the officer get hold of she collapse body and the man grab she head before it hit the wall . they gently set she down on the floor . a female soldier , 20 , in khakis , join they and help steady she . they move quietly , in a automatic rhythm , without a word . the officer take she pulse and the man , apparently a doctor , put on a stethoscope . dafna sway on the border of consciousness and try to tell he something , but she pupil widen , she eye roll back , and she start to convulse . in a oppressive silence , the officer hold she , the female soldier pull apart the dress gown and disinfect the naked thigh with some imbue cotton wool , while the doctor fill a syringe and inject she . michael stay behind , paralyze , and stare at the scene without be able to move or say a word . they take she out of the frame . Michael , freeze and silent , stay , stand alone in the dining area adjoin the live room , next to a empty chair , a cup of coffee , and a newspaper . we leave he in a long movement and follow the rest . a corridor . the open to a bedroom . dafna be already lie on a wide bed . wintry sunlight come in through the open window and they move silently between darkness and light , and connect she to a drip and a oxygen mask . the officer leave the room . we follow he back to the live room . he go to Michael , still freeze and stunne , stop in front of he , and say officer Mr feldman , be you listen to I ? Michael do not react . he briefly stare at the officer and suddenly stumble for a split second , collapse into himself , but immediately catch himself and regains he balance . the officer grab he gently , and say quietly officer come . sit down . he support Michael , who sink down woodenly and sit . the officer examine he scattered look , and say officer Mr feldman , I be sorry , there 's no easy way to tell you that you son , corporal Jonathan feldman , be kill in action last night . Michael do not react , just stare at he with a daze look . through the big window behind he head be a long crane cut across a dark sky in a slow circle . silence . faraway whimper come into the soundtrack . in a long movement we leave they , go back to the corridor , and pass by the open to the bedroom . dafna lie without move . the soldier close a yellowish curtain over the window . the room turn dusky . the silhouette of the doctor pack he bag on the background of the vivid splash of light through the curtain . the whimper be closer now . we turn and approach the close door at the end of the corridor . a thick , opaque pane . Beyond the glass the fuzzy silhouette of a large dog jump up and down and rub against the length of the door , whimper and break the silence . we come closer to the glass and stop , face the leaping shadow of the whimper dog for a long moment . cut to black title : michael 4a . interior / michael and dafna' apartment / morning michael 's eye fill the screen . the pupil be expand and the eye be reddene and moist . doctor' voice follow my finger . the eye move to the right and leave , follow the blurry movement of the finger that periodically cross the front of the frame . doctor' voice now open you eye wide . the eye open . a narrow , powerful beam of light turn on in it . the eyelid tremble and open wide . the pupil contract . 4b . interior / michael and dafna' apartment / morning * the entire scene in close - up of michael . we don't see the military team ; only hear they . cu of Michael . he look up into the beam of light . another moment and the light go out . he look ahead — shocked , miserable , and lose — half listen , half disconnect . doctor' voice you blood pressure and pulse be normal . do you have a heart condition ? Michael shake he head . his look be distract , he eye moist . doctor' voice asthma . .? shake of the head , same stare . doctor' voice epilepsy ? dizziness ? same mechanical " no " movement . doctor' voice I be leave you some pill . here . Michael turn he absent-mind gaze . doctor' voice this be tranquilizers . take they only if you feel physical stress . tightness of the throat , prolong ringing in the ear , strong headache . be you sensitive to any drug ? Michael shake he head . doctor' voice so take one at night . it will help you sleep . the doctor 's hand put the pill on the table , next to the smartphone , the half - finish cup of coffee , and the newspaper with the headline : who will be the winner of tonight 's Big brother competition ? the doctor 's voice continue throughout doctor' voice it 's very important that you drink lot of water ! Michael stare aimlessly and be silent . doctor' voice I do not expect you to be able to eat , but you must drink . be this you cell phone ? Michael nod . his automatic small movement ... the doctor 's hand pick up the phone . officer's voice later in the day you will be inform of the time of the funeral . you do not have to worry about anything , of course . a funeral officer will come here around midday and go over the procedure with you . female soldier' voice here , Mr feldman , drink this . her hand offer he a large glass of water . Michael accept the glass in a shaky hand , take a small sip , and choke on it , cough . the doctor 's hand pat he on the back . doctor' voice deep breath ! Michael take a deep breath . a trickle of water drip from he chin . his eye be teary . officer's voice Mr feldman , would you like we to inform someone else ? a brother , sister , a friend ? Michael shake he head . officer's voice maybe have someone come over to .. help ? a shake of the head . doctor' voice I program you phone to beep every hour . this will remind you to drink . the doctor 's hand give he the phone . Michael take it and put it in he shirt pocket . his gaze unfocus and he movement mechanical . doctor' voice now try to finish you water . Michael 's hand tremble . the Doctor 's hand help he bring the glass to he lip . doctor' voice slowly ... he help he steady the glass and drink a few more sip . Michael want to stop but the doctor do not give in . doctor' voice another small effort ... his sip be small and painstake . his lip tremble . doctor' voice it 's now 8 o'clock . at 9 the phone will beep , then at 10 , and so on . a glass of water every hour ! make sure of that . officer's voice I be leave you a note with a phone number . his hand extend a note . Michael take the note and stare at it in a effort to focus . officer's voice any problem that arise , any question , or if you feel the need to talk to someone , do not hesitate to call . this line be open 24 hour a day . doctor' voice you wife will sleep for 4 to 5 hour . I or another doctor will come and examine she when she wake up . and do not forget to drink . even if you be not thirsty . officer's voice so that 's it , Mr feldman , we be .. go to leave now . be you sure you do not want we to inform someone from the family ? or from work ? the same mechanical , dull shake of the head . officer's voice if you change you mind , call the number I leave you . they will help you inform people . a almost imperceptible nod . officer's voice we sympathy , Mr feldman . Michael stare and be silent . his look be detach and empty . a few more minute of footstep , the entrance door close with a quiet click . silence ... not a sound . just a dull silence . a disturbing , oppressive , deafen silence . 5 : interior / michael and dafna' apartment / morning vertical wide shot from ceiling . michael , surround by he silent live room , remain seat — freeze and break — by a round dining table . on the table lie untidily a iphone , a laptop computer , a newspaper , read glass , a half empty cup of coffee , and pill that the doctor leave . a long moment . suddenly he shudder and shake off he paralysis , stand on he foot , and in a almost automatic gesture , close the laptop , fold the newspaper , set the read glass to the leave of the laptop and straighten they parallel to its side , put the cup of coffee to its right , do not really know what to do with the pill , pick up the smartphone and shove it into he shirt pocket , stare absently at the almost straight structure the object create , set the box of pill next to the read glass , and complete the symmetry . a faraway muffle whimper . Michael 's eye focus and he movement stop . another break wail . he straighten the chair against the table and stride slowly between the wall and the furniture of he apartment . we continue to watch he from the ceiling and follow he to the corridor . the confine wall stretch on either side of he . for a moment we feel that he 's in a labyrinth . he stop on front of Jonathan 's room . his hand grasp the doorknob with force and he turn it with a slight , stiff tremble . a small click and the door open a little , creak softly . the dog rush out through the narrow open , into the corridor . it turn and disappear into the bedroom . Wide view along the corridor . it seem to get longer and longer . Michael remain stand for a moment face the slightly open door , then close it silently , walk slowly , and stop in front of the bedroom door . he turn and disappear into the room . the corridor be empty . dafna 's robe still lie on the floor . 6a . interior to exterior / abandoned swimming pool and bedroom / morning muffled sound . a naive melody , like something from a music box . camera move . moss and green alga climb up crack and fade blue-tile wall . a row of desert shower stand , two cement bench , the iron skeleton of a diving board , and child play soccer on the floor of a empty swim pool . the muffle melody sharpen ; a ice cream truck slow and stop by the pool 's fence . 6b . we retreat in a slow crawl . a drop shoulder . a window . michael 's stoop silhouette stand at the window . we move away from he silhouette into the bedroom . dafna 's foot on the bed . we move along she body . she sleep on she belly between ruffle sheet . the dog be curl up beside she , he head on she thigh . her pale face rest on a flower pillow . her breathe be quiet . the distant tumult of the child 's ' voice emphasize the silence . the sound of a few footstep . Michael drop into the front of the frame and he head be swallow into he pillow with a choke moan . the dog start to whimper and run around the bed , circle Michael , who be try to hold back he tear , and dafna , who continue to sleep quietly at he side . Michael sit on the edge of the bed , hold he breath . the dog come to he , extend a paw and touch he . Michael give it a small , vicious kick . a kind of momentary , sharp and unexplain burst of surprising violence . the dog give a small yelp of pain and leave the room silently . Michael stay tense and silent . suddenly he slap himself hard . a soft , quiet sigh . dafna stir in she sleep . Michael look over to she . in one small movement she pull away the sheet that cover she . she extend a slack hand , scratch a band aid stick to she thigh — where she be give a shot — and go back to sleep peacefully . the bandage be leave crumpled and droopy . Michael reattach it to she thigh with a tremble hand . his finger stay for another moment , shaking , on the end of the crumpled bandage . he turn and bend forward . behind he the window and the gloomy sky . for a moment the sun peek out from between the cloud . a direct , harsh morning light stain the curtain . the slit of light cut the length of he body . one part be swallow in the darkness of the room , the other light up . just a short 10 moment , and the sun be swallow up in the cloud . again the grey , gloomy light , and again the echoing distant voice of child emphasize the oppressive feel . a long , nag beep suddenly cut through the silence . Michael shiver , extend a hand , pull the phone out of he shirt pocket , and look down . the flash screen show : 09:00 . drink a large glass of water . 7a . interior / apartment kitchen / day michael 's hand grab the faucet and turn it . his wedding ring rap lightly on a glass he 's hold . Water flow into it . 7b . interior / apartment kitchen / day michael sip , take a deep breath , and make a effort to take another sip . tear begin to roll down he face but he do not make a sound . he just keep gulp down the water — he effort be evident . a long minute of force drink and inaudible weep , in a kind of obstinate inner battle to not break down . he sit by a small table in the corner of the kitchen . his cellphone start ringing . he give a small start and lower he eye to the screen . the word Office flash . he freeze and do not answer . after 3 or 4 ring , the phone stop . - a short silence - all the phone on the home line start ringing . Michael get up with a start but remain stand helplessly for a eternity of several ring . then silence again . he turn he gaze . a small shelf . cup in a row . they handle align , face the right . but one be slightly off center . he straighten it in a small automatic gesture . he look down and see there 's still some water leave in he glass . he pick it up . a short beep ring out from he cellphone . he put down the glass , grab the phone , and look at the screen . the word where be you ?! glare at he . he pick up the glass again and drink the water tensely . he sit down , take the phone , and dial . the doorbell sound . he hang up . voice behind the door Michael , it 's I . 8 . interior / apartment [ entrance door to corridor to bedroom ] / day 11 michael open the door . a man in he fifty stand in the doorway , look at he miserably , and say man the army call I , a officer who say he come to see you . Michael , I do not know what to say . his voice break , he hug Michael and start cry . Michael remain slack and silent ; he arm hang , he eye be dry . now that he can cry , tear will not come anymore . View from the corridor . the man , part hugging part be support , continue to weep . Michael turn he eye to the bedroom . the door be partly open . through the narrow open , we see part of a bed . dafna be asleep , she breathe peaceful . we come closer to she in a slow crawl . her face rest peacefully on the pillow . a strand of hair fall across it . 9a . interior / apartment [ live room ] / day michael 's finger tap the screen of he smartphone . we be in the live room , face he back . he stand face a large , wide window . the phone be against he ear and we hear a announcement . phone message hi , this be alma . I can not come to the phone right now , so either text I or I will call you back as soon as possible . bye . we move away , revealing the city in the background . he hang up . at the front of the frame we see the man who cry . he sit face a round dining table , he head in he hand , stare forward for another moment , then say man we must tell people . a short silence . Michael stay face the window and say michael I do not want people here now . silence again . a snail crawl up the window against the grey city . we see Michael through the window , watch the snail as it 12 go up and disappear . the break sound of a piano be hear again , but this time it 's a child 's xylophone . gloomy sky be reflect on Michael 's face and he say michael suddenly I have a flashback . I be four year old . I be at Sarah 's kindergarten . remember Sarah ? the teacher ? one day Sarah ask Mom to replace she at the kindergarten for a hour . and so it happen , quite unexpectedly , Sarah suddenly vanish and instead I see Mom . Mom seat we down and say she 's we teacher now . can you imagine how I feel ? so proud . 10 . interior / kindergarten / day [ flashback ] a group of child . a woman in she late twenty speak to they , but we do not hear she . we just approach she in a long , slow camera move . michael 's voice continue . michael ( v.o. ) I be sure she be go to tell everyone that she be my mother , but she do not . nor do she look at I . I be just like the other kid . now we come closer to a four year - old boy . he look upset . michael ( v.o. ) she 's talk but I no longer listen to she . I just want everyone to know that she 's my mom . and then I can not hold back anymore and I burst out yell ... 9b . interior / apartment [ live room and balcony ] / day michael 's eye fill with tear . suddenly rain fall , flooding the window pane . the man , apparently he older brother , appear and stand behind he . he lay he hand on Michael 's shoulder and say brother we must let people know , Michael . 13 a beep cut through the silence . Michael pull the phone out of he shirt pocket and look down . the phone vibrate . the screen flash : 10:00 . drink a large glass of water . 11a . interior / apartment [ kitchen ] / day Water stream into the clear glass . 11a . interior / apartment [ kitchen ] / day 11b . interior / apartment [ kitchen ] / day michael drink up the water in one long gulp , pull himself together and say michael I be go to tell mother ... his brother want to say something but Michael anticipate and say michael you stay here and start make call . and do I a favor . I do not want anyone here when I get back . say that dafna be sedate and .. I do not know , I ... ( a short silence . ) his brother ( quietly , into the pause ) brother forget mother now ... Michael interrupt he and say michael I need some air too , avigdor . I be suffocating . avigdor give in and say nothing . 12 . interior -exterior / taxi in motion / day 12a . interior + exterior the wet window of a taxi . michael 's dull and dry gaze through long drop of rain run down the window . he sit in the back seat . the 14 taxi drive slowly . the gloomy grey and splotches of color of a blurry city smear the glass . the picture be liquid . 12b . interior / exterior the song fade abruptly , replace by the voice of the announcer from the cab 's radio : radio announcer it 's 10:30 a.m. and this be the headline from Voice of Israel . the jingle of the news bulletin . newscaster good morning . a survey by the dahaf Institute have conclude that Zion Golan will win tonight 's Big brother v.i.p. competition . speak this morning with Voice of Israel , Zion Golan keep he restraint and say zion golan' voice I be happy about the survey but I only trust God almighty . newscaster more headline . a idf soldier be kill last night by shot fire at we force . his family be inform ... the cab driver turn down the radio and say cab driver I like Zion until I see he be shave he chest hair . that episode really turn I off he . man , you be a officer in the army ! what 's all this transvestite thing ? and all this talk about " the modern man " who use face cream and be self -aware ? that Russian silicon bombshell , larissa , really want to get he into bed , and he come out say he need to feel something first . and that actually raise he rating , d' you believe it ?! this country be go to hell , I be tell you .. 15 13a . interior / geriatric home lobby / day side of a armchair ; wear upholstery . michael 's fingertip twiddle a strand of unravel thread . a small , frenetic movement . he sit in a heavy , depress lobby that 's shape like a wide corridor . corduroy armchair in brown and beige . fade plastic flower in fade plastic flowerpot . the lobby be desert . just one old man with a walker shuffle at the far end . a dull thud and the sound of drag foot . a short silence , and again , a thud and the drag . a metronome , but frighteningly slow . he lower he eye . Three old magazine lie on the corner of the table . the top one be open . and old ad in the centerfold : a clean -cut , fresh - look ice- cream girl smile at he silently . he look back at the approach old man , who keep stare ahead . the leg of the walker thud on the floor . a slipper drag . a bony hand . wheezing . strenuous breath . Michael continue to follow he with he eye . the old man cross in front of a picture on the wall . Michael 's gaze stop at the picture . a fade , yellow portrait of herzl . a woman 's voice near . word in thai . a caregiver , talk on a cellphone while push a old woman in a wheelchair , cross in front of Benjamin Zeev herzl . they turn and disappear . the old man continue to drag he foot , move away . woman' voice Mr feldman . Michael 's fingertip pull at the strand of upholstery thread . he start and raise he eye . a ethiopian nurse and a well - groom old woman . he get up . the old woman smile with a loving look . he kiss she . she sit down . he sit next to she . her bony hand stroke he face . Michael look at he mother and say michael mother , something terrible have happen . his voice be dry and he face hard . michael I come to tell you that Jonathan 's be kill . she continue to smile at he lovingly . 16 Michael come close to she face and try to focus she gaze . michael you remember Jonathan , do not you ? she continue to smile and nod . her smile be a little detach . Michael do not give up . he take she hand and ask she michael who 's Jonathan ? mother you son . the soldier . michael yes . so do you understand what I tell you ? she nod . Michael let go of she hand for a moment and straighten the three magazine scattered on the corner of the table . his face be tight . his movement small and tense , somewhat neurotic . he give he mother another strain look and ask with restrain anger michael what do you understand of I tell you ? mother that Jonathan be kill . she continue to smile and look at he lovingly . she stroke he face with a tremble hand and say mother avigdor ... 14 . interior / kindergarten / day [ flashback ] c.u. of a boy burst out say boy the teacher be my mom ! ( silence ) the teacher / mom look at he coldly and say teacher /mom 17 go stand in the corner . her voice be dry . she 's not even angry : for she he continue to be a stranger . he look stunne . giggle . the piano start again . he go to the corner . hurt , he stare at the floor . a monotonous beep cut through the note . - cut - 13b . interior / geriatric home lobby / day View of a flash cellphone screen : '' 11:00 drink a large glass of water '' Wide view of the desert lobby . Michael 's mother and she ethiopian nurse move away . Michael bend over into the front of the frame . the faucet of a water cooler come into focus . he press the button and drink . dance music from the twenties begin to echo through the lobby . Michael turn he gaze . a wide wooden door . two or three step and he 's in front of it . a small metal sign : activity room . he push the heavy door slightly and peep in . 13c interior / activity room in geriatric institution / day a wide , desert , old - fashioned hall . the music echoe between gloomy wall . a playback , or a organist play . five elderly couple be dance . a old man in a wheelchair watch they from the side of the room . a tired dance instructor say monotonously dance instructor forward , forward , to the right , stop . backward , backward , to the leave , stop . one , two , to the right , stop . backward , two , to the leave , stop . her indifferent voice be dull . the old couple dance ; they movement be automatic . a pyramid of simple Formica chair in the far corner of the hall . Michael stand in the doorway of the hall and stare in for a long moment . 15 . interior -exterior / moving taxicab / day michael sit in the back seat . he press the phone to he ear . alma ( phone message ) 18 hi , this be alma . I can not come to the phone right now , so either ... he hang up . look out . the rain be over . a blurry street through the window . Long view on a row of grey building and suddenly , the sea . a short moment with the sea , then cut . 16 . interior / apartment [ entrance door corridor — live room ] / day the door open and michael come in . a woman -child in she thirty , head shave , wear rebellious jeans stand in the corridor , lean against the wall . she raise she tearful eye and whisper woman Michael ... she walk to he and hug he , press against he body , demand he embrace . there be something obsessive and blatant in she press against he . half - heartedly he put a hand on she shoulder . her body shake with silent weep . from the kitchen we hear avigdor 's quiet voice avigdor probably midday tomorrow ... I do not know what time yet . Michael look away to the part of the live room beyond the wall . a 70 year - old man sit in a armchair . his hard face expressionless . Michael try to disengage himself gently from the woman 's embrace but she press hard against he body , somewhat force herself on he . the tattoo of a snake coil along the back of she neck . avigdor now stand at the open of the kitchen , the phone press to he ear . Michael stare at he . avigdor shrug , as though say " what could I do ? " and say avigdor ( into phone ) no , he ask that no one come over for now . Michael whisper to the woman michael let I go to you father for a moment . 19 he try once again to free himself from she cling embrace . she keep press against he . he disengage himself in a brutal gesture . they eye meet . her breathe be hard . her eye be still teary , but she gaze be enraged . Michael go to the man seat in the live room . under the man 's inspection , Michael keep silent for a moment and say michael avram ... the man get up and shake Michael 's hand . a firm but slightly tremble palm . his eye stay dry and hard , but with force restraint . Michael look away . a soldier sit on the sofa . skullcap , tassele vest , and second lieutenant bar . yeshiva boy and officer in one package . officer ( get up ) Mr feldman ... Michael nod . officer second Lieutenant Israel schwartz from the military rabbinate . extends he hand and add officer my sympathy . Michael return a limp handshake . officer I be the officer in charge of the funeral arrangement . I need to coordinate some detail with you and brief you . in private , if possible . michael wait for I in my office , this way ... point to the spiral staircase lead to the attic . the funeral officer nod . 17 . Interior / apartment [ kitchen ] / day 20 michael stop for a moment in the kitchen doorway . the kitchen table look like a small war room . avigdor be bent over a laptop computer , talk on the phone . his back be turn to Michael and he 's unaware of he presence . avigdor ( in a quiet voice and dictation rhythm ) with deep sorrow and profound grief ... ( listen ) no , without '' bless be the one true judge , " something simple . ( listen ) and profound grief , yes . we hereby announce the pass of we beloved son Jonathan feldman , bless be he memory , who fall ... ( listen ) what ? ( listen ) yes , he 's a soldier , be . I mean . ( listen ) nineteen and a half . maybe " pluck " instead of " fall ? " plucked prematurely ? or " in the prime of life ? " ( listen ) I see . for a soldier it 's " fall " ... ( listen ) no , no , whatever 's customary . ( listen ) yes , " fall in the line of duty , " if that 's what 's customary ... ( listen ) so , then : the funeral will be hold — here the date and time — at trumpeldor Cemetery , the military plot , salvation Gate ... Michael move away , open a door and step in . 18 . interior / apartment [ bathroom ] / day a narrow , tall toilet . a black toilet seat and a small bauhaus - style skylight . round , soft winter light fall on a sink and faucet attach to the wall . elongate porcelain tile that look like ivory bar . michael sit on the toilet lid and listen to he phone . alma' ( phone message ) hi , this be alma . I can not come to the phone right now , so either text I or I will call you back as soon as possible . bye . a beep . he want to say something but nothing come out . he sit speechless for a long moment , then finally hang up . 21 silence . he feel stick . do not know what to do and how to continue . suddenly he say to himself michael Jonathan be dead . my son be dead . he 's dead . he try to cry . make a effort , but nothing come out . michael it hurt . it hurt that my boy be dead . ( slap himself hard ) it hurt . ( another slap ) it hurt . he turn on the faucet , put he hand under the stream of water and turn the faucet to '' warm . '' the water heat up and scald he hand . 19 . interior / apartment [ SMALL office ] / day a frame , fade draw hang on the wall . it show a complicated , symmetrical , impressive structure . the funeral officer stand in front of it , he puzzle look try to decipher the architectural enigma . Michael come in , the officer nod . they sit in two armchair like that in a magazine , near a tangle orbital draw . or a escher reproduction . now we also see a period draw table and a computer nook next to a round bauhaus - style window . the officer open a notebook and say funeral officer before we start I would like to confirm a few detail . do the decease have a middle name ? michael no ... just Jonathan feldman . the funeral officer write while say funeral officer staff ... sergeant ... Jonathan ... feld ... michael ( interrupt he mumbling ) ...- he 's a corporal , not a staff sergeant . 22 funeral officer he 's be promote after he death . it 's a privilege bestow on all decease idf soldier . returns to he notebook . funeral officer Jonathan feldman , son of ... Michael and dafna , right ? Michael nod . the funeral officer write funeral officer ( write ) Michael ... and daf ... michael ( interrupt he again ) but if he be promote he should be a sergeant , not a staff sergeant . funeral officer ( thinks for a moment ) maybe they want to give he a special honor . michael why ?! do you know how he die ? funeral officer ( suddenly stress ) no ... ( hurriedly go back to procedure ) so , the funeral be set for three o'clock tomorrow . at 13:00 , the command car with the coffin will arrive here . I take it you know that idf soldier be bury in coffin ? Michael nod . funeral officer the coffin will be accompany by a honor guard of six soldier ... at twenty past one the bus will arrive to pick up whoever need a ride , and at one - thirty we start move north to the cemetery . I will 23 lead the convoy with the jeep , behind I the command car with the coffin , then you , the family , in a van follow the coffin . then the civilian vehicle , and the bus bring up the rear . at two we arrive at the cemetery . the coffin , wrap in the israeli flag , will repose in the communion hall for forty minute . at a quarter to three , latest , we will begin the rending ceremony in which the rabbi will tear you shirt . a small tear , near the heart , as write , " and Jacob rent he clothes ... and mourn he son ... " when they mistakenly think that Joseph have die . Genesis xxxvii , verse 34 . that 's also when you will say you first kaddish . at three the funeral procession will go from the communion hall to the military plot . the coffin , borne by the honor guard , in the lead . if you want to bear the coffin you can join in , but I do not recommend it . it 's better you support you wife ... when we reach the grave we will start the burial ceremony , which include the interment of the coffin . this be a very difficult moment , especially for the mother . for you , too , of course . but after all , you know , we be man . Michael turn he gaze to the entrance to the room ( next to the officer and slightly behind he ) , the door have be leave partly open . in the gap between the door and the frame stand the dog . they eye meet . Michael gesture to the dog to come in . the dog stay . the officer raise he voice slightly in order to regain Michael 's attention , and continue we will begin the ceremony with a three - gun salute , then we will say " he shall enter into peace . " we cover the coffin with soil , we say the tzidduk hadin prayer , you say you second kaddish . then the eulogy . 24 Michael again turn away from the officer and coax the dog to come . the dog raise a paw , open the door in a small movement , but stay put . in the background the officer 's voice officer ( continue ) on behalf of the idf : the battalion commander , Jonathan 's direct commander , and one of he company mate , a guy name ... ( thumb through he notebook page and raise he voice ) Danny Weiss . you know he ? Michael turn he eye back to he and shake he head . funeral officer ( mumble ) it say here he be Jonathan 's friend from high school ..? again Michael signal to the dog to come to he . the dog take a hesitant step forward , then stop . the funeral officer pause for a moment , then continue funeral officer after the eulogy we will go on to the burial prayer , o God full of mercy , and the third kaddish . once again Michael cajole the dog into come to he . maybe he even whisper " come ... " in the background the officer 's voice officer ( continue ) after which you may eulogize you son , if you wish . and then word from civilian : family member , teacher , friend . the dog relent and come nearer , but its movement be hesitant . funeral officer this be also the time ... suddenly he see the dog and recoil a little , stay freeze in place , tense and silent . 25 the dog put its head on Michael 's knee . his movement be still hesitant , yet it look like a ritual . like a moment from a familiar ceremony . a moment in which Michael regret and the dog forgive . Michael lay a gentle hand on the dog 's head and stroke it silently . the dog close its eye and surrender to the touch . Michael turn he eye back to the officer . the officer shake off he paralysis and continue . his voice be a little tense . funeral officer this be also the time to do something special , if you wish , like read a poem or tell a story about he - one that tell something about he character . something ... maybe even something a bit amusing . a little smile , you know , always help to cope and ... to go on . Michael keep stare at he with a impervious , unresponsive look . the officer hurriedly conclude funeral officer finally , we move on to the lay of wreath . two female soldier will lay four wreath : the battalion 's wreath , the brigade 's wreath , the wreath of he military branch , and the idf 's wreath . Michael be silent . a long silence . funeral officer if you have any question , remark , request ... Michael still silently stroking the dog . funeral officer ( tries to get he to speak ) I be here to address any of this . Michael stay silent for a moment , then suddenly say michael I want to see he . funeral officer ( do not really understand ) who ? 26 michael Jonathan . the body . funeral officer ( stress ) Mr feldman , that 's unnecessary . the dog sense the rise tension and leave quickly . michael ( get heat ) what do you mean ? a father want to see he son before he 's bury , what 's unnecessary here ?! funeral officer ( stammer ) I be sorry , but that 's out of my hand . michael ( close to explode ) so whose hand be it in ?! funeral officer ( tries to calm he down ) Mr feldman , there be many way of say goodbye . you can read something , maybe something he write . or perhaps have we play a song he love . we can play it , we do have a sound system . or organize a few of he buddy to sing it . you know how it be , there 's always the friend with a guitar ... michael do you even have a body ? funeral officer what ?! michael I be ask if there 's anything leave of he . if there will be a body in the coffin or if you will put some brick in there so that I will feel like I be carry something ! his cellphone beep . 27 the screen flash : 12:00 drink a large glass of water 20 . interior / apartment [ kitchen ] / day Michael make a effort to drink half a sip . then he try to drink a little more , but he give up . he 's exhaust . avidgor' voice you look pale . michael ( in a low voice ) I think they do not have a body . the funeral officer pass the entrance to the kitchen . funeral officer ( mumble ) May you never again suffer such sorrow , Mr feldman . he hurry out . avigdor what do he tell you ?! michael he refuse to let I see the body . on the soundtrack the close of the entrance door be hear . avigdor but he do not tell you they do not have a body . Michael be silent . he see the obituary on the laptop 's screen . the word " Jonathan feldman , of bless memory " paralyze he . avigdor ( realizing Michael have see this ) do not get stick on this , Michael . we be atheist , what do it matter ? Michael swallow another small sip of water . his gaze remain glue to the obituary . he look weak and disturb . 28 avigdor glance at Michael , turn he eye to he computer screen , try to change the subject and say avigdor how do it go ? do she even get any of it ? michael ( returning he glance ) she get every word and do not understand a thing . avigdor seize the opportunity and press " esc " but he gesture catch Michael 's attention again . the obituary disappear and be replace by a silly screen saver : a photo of avigdor , smile and proud , between two young boy who appear to be he son . silence ... avigdor ( while perform he action ) people want to come over , to give you strength . michael ( stifl a burst of anger ) and what will they tell I ? that I have they sympathy ?! they will talk to I about what a special kid he be ?! then they will tell each other how strong Michael be , how he manage to hang in there and function ?! avigdor ( restrain himself over the sarcasm ) do not insist on go through this alone . this be not another one of you project . michael why do she call I avigdor ? avigdor be silent . the phone ring . avigdor hello ? he listen for a moment , turn to Michael , and ask 29 avigdor what be Jonathan 's jewish calendar date of birth ? Michael shrug and be silent . avigdor do not you have a id card of he somewhere here ? 21 . interior / apartment [ jonathan' room ] / day Michael open a wide drawer . a clutter of thing . drawing pencil and crumpled sheet of paper . doodling . a dry marijuana blossom in a tin can . at the bottom of the drawer , a fade playboy magazine . January 1970 . a playmate with a naive , seductive pose . two black xs censor she nipple . Michael look at the magazine . his gaze glue to the picture . he be still . just a light tremor , almost imperceptible . he avert he eye . a id card rest in the corner of the drawer . Michael look at the picture . his eye blur for a moment , and the card slip from he hand . he stumble , grab hold of the back of the chair , regains he bearing , and sit down on Jonathan 's bed . cut . Wide view of the room . Michael pull out he phone and dial . alma ( phone message ) hi , this be alma ... he hang up ... his finger flutter across the list of contact . he stop at Jonathan , tremble for a moment , then press . jonathan' voice hello , this be Jonathan . I be at the end of the world right now and there 's no service here . but you can leave a message and someday I will return . he dial again and listen . tear flood he face ... the doorbell ring . he start , turn he gaze , and see the id card he drop on the bed . Jonathan 's picture . we see he for the first time . his face be youthful , but the man inside show through . 30 we come closer to the picture . the soundtrack fade out and die . empty silence . the voice of a woman scream woman' voice ( scream ) dafna ! Michael get on he foot with halting breath . 22 . interior / apartment [ bedroom / kitchen / entrance - door — live -room ] / day a thick , opaque pane of glass . michael 's silhouette approach on the other side . a small click and he open the door to Jonathan 's room . facing he , the darken corridor . at the end of the corridor he see the officer , the doctor , and the female soldier . he approach they and glance toward the bedroom . the woman be bent over at dafna 's side , shaking she . he pass avigdor , seat at he " war room , " look stunne . a eternity of seven or eight step and Michael stand face the three of they . officer ( force a correct distance upon himself ) Mr feldman , there have be a terrible mistake . the soldier who be kill be name Jonathan feldman , but he be not you son . he 's another Jonathan feldman . ( take a small breath and add ) you son be alive and well . Michael turn he gaze to the live room . the 70 year - old man cry quietly . his phone ring . on the screen flash the word alma . he turn to the live room , walk over to the large , wide window , stop in front of it , press the phone to he ear and say michael alma ... his voice be quiet , he face peaceful . alma' voice hi , dad . you be look for I ? 31 the piano play . the sun come out from between the cloud . it blind he and he close he eye . 23 . interior / bathroom a paper boat float in a bathtub . a drop of water fall and create soft , spread circle . a SMALL boy . facing he , a little girl . they face in the water and they crouching body immobile . a moment of nothing . just a random drip . together they pull they head out of the water and take a long breath that turn into roll laughter ... 24 . interior / apartment [ live room ] / day cu of michael lie on the floor with moist , stare eye . the laughter echoe into silence . his head roll to the side . he exhales and a tear slide down he cheek . he see the live room from floor level . a crumpled rug and the leg of a table . his cellphone lie at he side and beep . 13:00 drink a large glass of water the doctor bend over he . his eye be worried . at he side stand the officer and avigdor . doctor keep lie down and tell I if something hurt . Michael just stare at he with a stunne look . doctor move you foot , you finger . michael ( stun ) what happen . .? doctor you faint . Michael remain stunne for a moment , then he suddenly jump up and shout michael where 's Jonathan ?! he try to get on he foot , but get dizzy . 32 the doctor and the officer grab he and seat he gently on the sofa . doctor ( while perform he action ) take it slow , Mr feldman . everything 's fine with Jonathan . come , sit on the sofa . Michael look confuse and upset . avigdor pick up the cellphone from the floor and put it on the table , opposite Michael . Michael extend a hand and straighten it along the edge of the table in a small , automatic gesture . dafna' sister ( off camera from bedroom ) get up , dafna , Jonathan 's alive . ( her voice be excited and full of joy ) it 's not he who die . it 's someone else . officer ( can not hide he smile ) Jonathan be alive , Mr feldman . and he have no idea ... michael ( interrupt he ) so where be he ? officer at he unit . and he have no idea of all that happen . michael I want to see he . officer we will take care of it . I be sure that tomorrow or the next ... michael ( get to he foot , interrupt he , and burst out ) I want my son return to I now ! doctor ( stress ) calm down , Mr feldman . sit down . tries to make he sit . Michael shake he off with a forceful movement and say 33 michael do not touch I ! the doctor recoil . avigdor what 's wrong with you , Michael ? calm down . michael I will calm down when they return my boy to I . ( to the officer ) you kill he . you lead I to believe you do not even have a body ! officer who tell you such a thing ? avigdor what do it matter now , Michael ? he 's alive ! that 's it , it 's over . extends he hand again and try to hug he . michael ( disengage from he embrace ) why be you so sure ? because they tell you ? first they tell I he be dead . now they tell I he 's alive . who be they , anyway ?! they can not even tell I where he be ! officer I tell you , Mr feldman . he 's with he unit . michael I do not ask who he 's with ! I ask where he be ! doctor ( slightly raise he voice ) Mr feldman , listen to I . you be have a anxiety attack . michael ( cut in ) no ! you listen to I ! you make a mistake ! officer 34 ( cut in ) the system make a mistake , Mr feldman . it be not we personally . you son 's in the seam Zone , hold a supply axis . nothing operational , just a roadblock on some side road . the female soldier hand Michael a glass of water and say female soldier here , Mr feldman , drink this . Michael take the glass in a tremble hand and sip . his sip be erratic . avigdor ( mumble ) everything 's fine , Michael . drink up . calm down . Michael hurl the glass to the floor , where it shatter . michael ( shout ) will you stop tell I to calm down ! I be calmer than you be ! silence ... everyone freeze . dafna' voice Michael . he look toward she . she stand in the live room doorway , wear she nightgown , and mumble dafna it 's not Jonathan , it 's someone else . her eye be moist and she smile euphoric . her sister stand slightly behind she . her father go over to she and hug she . dafna keep smile and mumble dafna they make a mistake , dad . it 's someone else . avigdor put he hand on Michael 's shoulder and say avidgor everything 's fine , Michael . you see ? Michael shrug he off . avigdor recoil ... 35 dafna frees herself from she father , go to Michael , stroke he face , and say dafna that 's it , it 's over . we Jonathan be alive . he look at she ; a tear roll down he face . he appear lose and confuse . she gently seat he down on the sofa . he sit . she sit next to he , stroke he face , smile , and say dafna it 's not he who die ; it 's someone else . her smile be happy . officer ( with some relief ) you son be fine . you have no more reason to worry . michael ( become angry once again ) where do you say he be ? officer at a roadblock in the seam Zone , hold a supply axis there . michael ( still heat but control himself ) and this seam Zone , where be it ? officer ( stammer a little ) near the border . it cross a dead area , in the northern sector . michael a location ! give I a location ! officer ( lose he cool for a moment ) I be not a field officer . I be not suppose to point out the specific location . ( immediately pull himself together ) but I will immediately get thing move so that you son will come home as soon ... michael 36 ( interrupt he ) you mean you have not start deal with that yet ? officer ( restrain himself and repeat ) Mr feldman , you son will return home as soon as possible . michael ( flare up ) and when be this " as soon as possible " ? because you dead area and you seam Zone and all you military mumbo-jumbo be , after all , no more than a few hour from here . avigdor but he can not just stop everything and bring Jonathan here immediately . michael ( burst out at he ) stop what ?! tell I , be you on he side or mine ? avigdor ( taken aback ) I be with you , Michael . ( again put a hesitant hand on Michael 's shoulder ) I just want ... michael ( shake he off rudely ) will you stop touch I ! why be you touch I all the time ?! avigdor back off . again dafna try to stroke Michael 's face , but he shake dafna let go but stay close . a short silence . dafna 's sister approach , lay a gentle hand on Michael 's arm and say , almost in a whisper dafna' sister you be so right , Michael ... dafna 37 ( bark at she ) do not interfere . ( give she a look ) she retreat somewhat . doctor ( in a calming voice ) Mr feldman , you be experience a anxiety attack . dafna' sister it do not mean he 's not right . dafna shut you mouth ! avram ( the father ) lower he eye . a short embarrassed silence . doctor ( tries again ) let I give you a tranquilizer shot . michael so you can drug I like you drugge my wife ? ( to dafna ) you be still under the influence . that 's why you be so euphoric . dafna ( stroke he ) I know you have be through lot of thing . even if you do not talk to I about they . ( whisper to he ) do not let the demon continue , Michael . this be not you now . it 's the demon . Michael grab she arm , take she stroking hand off he and hiss at she in a low voice michael why be you talk to I as though I be crazy ? be you with they , too ?! dafna ( almost begging ) you be always sorry in the end , Michael ... 38 Michael 's eye take on a dull look . dafna do not disconnect now . ( she shake he ) what 's important now be that we Jonathan 's alive . please , give it up this time , for I . he remove she hand again as she try to touch and stroke he , but she press against he and say dafna let 's tell everyone to leave . we will stay together , alone , order in some food , pizza , or a cheeseburger , with champagne . let 's get drunk . Michael shake she off roughly and say michael you be drugge , dafna . you be not yourself . they wake you too soon . he make a effort to restrain he voice , turn to the officer , and say michael I demand that you take responsibility and bring back my boy . not tomorrow . no " we will see what we can do . " now ! that 's the least the army should do ... ( turn to the doctor ) the fact that I be anxious do not mean I be not reasonable . for five hour my boy be dead . suddenly he 's alive , but you do not really know where he be . so what 's so unreasonable about what I be demand here ? tell I , what 's not reasonable ? they be silent . Dead silent . Michael look at they for another moment , then walk to the entrance door and mumble michael why be I waste my time on you ! ( open the door and say ) get out , please . 39 officer I be sorry you feel this way , but I do not judge you , not in you state . doctor ( whisper to avigdor on he way out ) he 's in a psychotic state . keep a eye on he . they leave . Michael put the earphone onto he ear and search through he cellphone , mutter michael psychotic state , yeah , right ! bunch of impotent . loser . nobody . running footstep approach from the stairwell . the door open and alma enter in a storm . alma ( pant ) what 's happen ? dad ! why do not you answer ? I just see soldier . be Jonathan okay ? ( start cry ) Michael hug she and say michael everything 's okay , alma . I be bring Jonathan back . I be bring he back home . now . he press one of the number on he smartphone and wait . he continue to hug alma as he speak into the earpiece michael eitan , it 's Michael . I need a favor , urgently . you say you have a friend who 's a general in the army . shmulik - something , someone who have influence , who can solve any problem with one phone call . ( listen ) okay , so this morning the army announce to I that Jonathan , my son ... - brutal cut that interrupt Michael in mid-word - 40 25 . exterior / road and mud / late afternoon a dark sky over a expanse of fog and mud . a narrow road extend across the mire : a road , no wider than a truck , that rise from the mud and be swallow by the fog . two soldier next to each other . one be sit on the burn , melt seat of a car . the other be stand in a concrete gunner 's post next to a heavy machine gun . silence . just a click . and another click . in metronomic rhythm , come nearer . a skinny cow enter the frame in a monotone gait , cross it , and leave . her step move away . again we be leave with the two soldier . they be stare forward at a distant point . we do not see what they be look at , but it 's clear that they be focus on something . a long look , a deep silence : only the whisper of muffle wind . title on picture Three day before suddenly the soldier sit on the burnt car seat say soldier on seat do you know that the foxtrot be a dance ? silence ... the soldier get to he foot , stand in front of the other soldier and he heavy machine gun and say soldier the step of the foxtrot be , look : ( take a step forward ) forward ... ( take another step forward ) forward ... ( half a step sideways , then a quick stop ) to the right and stop . ( demonstrate again ) backward , backward , to the leave and stop . grasp he gun like he 's hold a woman and start dance silently on the road . the soldier with the machine gun be he audience . a long minute . a soldier dance the foxtrot with he gun against a background of endless mud . cut to black 41 title : Jonathan 26 . exterior / mostly mud / late afternoon the camera slowly move down to the mud , then float above it . the dark sky reflect on small patch of water , like scattered piece of a puzzle . deep silence . only the muffle whistling of the wind . a long , float camera move . the mud begin to lose its viscosity . it become watery and thin , and more and more part of the sky be add to the reflect picture until the swamp turn into a puddle . in the middle of the puddle we see the reflection of a strange structure . the float movement stop . we move up from the puddle until we face the structure that look like a concrete cube . one of its side be sink in the mud and it list diagonally in a disturbing way . there be no window , just a rusted iron door along the lean side . a bit behind the structure rise a tall , narrow tower : a observation platform with a tarpaulin ceiling . the tarp be billow in the wind like a sail , and for a moment it seem the tower be the mast of a ship in a sea of mud and the lean structure its command bridge . the iron door roll sideways in a creak of wheel . four figure come out of the structure . they be far away , but we can recognize they as soldier . one of they turn to the tower and the other three cross the puddle and come toward we , in the direction of the road . the mud be soft and boggy and with effort they drag themselves along . the lone soldier arrive at the tower and climb the step , but we focus on the other three . the camera soar upward and we view they from above , vertically . a " godlike " view . a view that turn they into pawn on a chessboard of mud , that make they walk directionless and we point of view detach , cold , even a bit condescending . we will stay with this point of view for the time be . they slog end and after a long minute the three soldier reach the road . the soldier in a concrete gunner 's post dismantle the machine gun . above he be a rag , stripe beach umbrella : fade blue and stain white . another soldier come out from the carcass of a ice cream truck . the 42 picture of a laugh ice cream girl under layer of rust and green scum . we can now see metal barrel , roll of razor ribbon and a spike strip on the road . a weird roadblock in the middle of the muddy wilderness . the soldier who reach the road split up . one relieve the soldier with the machine gun . the other two soldier on duty be also relieved . they movement be mechanical and we observe from above the silent change of the guard . the soldier who be replace leave . from above we observe the three replacement . this soldier , along with the one in the tower , make up section 1 . section 2 , the one that be relieved , be not really important to we and will exist only in the background . the commander of section 1 ( commander ) stand by the ice cream truck , raise a pair of binocular to he eye , and scan the mud spread out beyond the other side of the road . amikam , the one at the gun post , also lift binocular to he eye and scan around . Jonathan go to a utility pole , open the control box and lift the switch . the light go on . a muddy , flickery light . a misty halo of condensation flicker in the air . he sit down on the burnt car seat and , like he two comrade , press a pair of binocular to he face . a long movement toward what they be look at . no hill , just a flat plain of endless mud , a film of fog in the air , and the huge concrete and iron remain of a enclose , abandon industrial area . torn tin vat , shattered smokestack , and break hangar , that , from we viewpoint , resemble a gigantic ship , a moment before its final drown . its stern sink and its bow burst out from the heart of the mud . even slip onto the mud . cut . 27 . exterior / roadblock + deserted site / night nag rain . a pair of army boot in a small puddle by the side of the road . cling mud ooze down the boot . a shabby plastic sheet wrap around a huddle figure . the drop run down it . through it we see stain army pants with knee draw together , a wear notebook hold between unravel woolen glove , and finger grasp a fountain pen . huddle on the burnt car seat , jonathan be write maybe doodling . he 's 18 and he face be boyish , but the man in he be beginning to bud . 43 he raise he eye and look at the silhouette of the desert site that lie dark and silent amid the mud spread before he . he search for something unknown and then return to he notebook . suddenly he gaze sharpen . he register a blurry movement . for a moment the desert site lie dark and silent , when suddenly appear the short glimmer of a flashlight from one of the side of the complex . he raise he binocular and see the dim silhouette of a cavernous hangar . amikam tense and embrace the machine gun . commander come in from the darkness and all three silently observe the desert site . the sound of a electrical buzz in the air and suddenly a bright , round circle of light fall on the three of they like a spotlight on a theater stage . it dart to the far end of the mud , smear over the hangar wall and wander between smashed window and darken room . a short flash from one of the room . the spotlight dart to the window and flood the room with bright light . a wall , stain with damp and scum . a rotting leather armchair , and a stand lamp with a crumble canvas lampshade . a radio-like voice suddenly echoe in the air voice you have enter a military zone . please stop before the roadblock . 28 . exterior / roadblock / night Wide view . the circle of light ( somewhat theatrical ) now accompany a grey private car . it drive on the narrow road , near the roadblock , slow down , and stop . the message still echoe . 29 . exterior ( interior ) / tower / night a cassette stop play . a switch mark play release and the message be cut off . a hand grasp a heavy handle and push . it budge . a faint creak . the figure of RAPHAEL against the huge light that continue to blind we . a moment later it then fade and go out . we can now see a pair of enormous loudspeaker atop the tower . 30 . exterior / roadblock / night the headlight of the car go off , as do the motor . 44 jonathan turn on a flashlight and light up the windshield . a man in he fifty : suit , bald head , well - groom mustache . he 's dazzle and submissively lower he eye a bit . at he side sit a woman of he age , presumably he wife . her eye be already lower . a well - groom middle - class couple . the commander go to the driver 's door . the window open and the man hand he document . the commander look at the man 's picture , direct the flashlight to he face , and compare the two . then he look at the woman 's picture : she look at least fifteen year young there . he light she face and study she profile . her skin be already a little wrinkle , she gaze submissive and still . a long look , then he turn , get into the ice cream truck , and disappear . Jonathan go to the back of the car and check the trunk . a spare tire , a safety triangle , a toolbox , a use blanket , and a jerry can . what you have expect to find in the trunk of a car . 31 . exterior -interior / inside ice cream truck / night a wear keyboard . finger type . they movement be clumsy . the face of the driver on a stain , square screen that flicker in saturate color . the ceiling drip . the commander sit on a threadbare chair , bend over the sale counter across from a ancient monitor , and type . he 's 21 year old , he moist face be tired but he look focus . a prickly beard , wear horn -rimm glass , drip hair . on the moist , rusty tin sheet behind he rest the remain of a paint image : a ice cream cone with two flavor , punch and banana . at he side , on a disintegrate ice cream freezer , sit a massive radio . its side panel have be remove and a tangle of wire gush out . the radio murmur . a disturbing electromagnetic buzz and the waver whine of shortwave frequency . man' voice from radio ( quietly , almost whisper ) infrare and other special measure indicate north of the rear battery . 32a . exterior {* interior} / tower / night 45 a metallic tick sound . the hand of a massive iron clock close on the hour 10:00 . a rusty bell ring briefly and spray tiny water droplet . damp flare be strewn across the wet wooden - planke floor . raphael 's hand grip a drip flare and slide it into a rifle - base launcher . a shot . 33A . exterior / mud / night the flare soar and belch out intermittent spark , start to whirl and dive , and fall into the mud in a phosphoric glow , twitches convulsively like a burn jellyfish , hiss , die away and a cloud of smoke disperse around it . it lie in the mud , sooty , blacken — like a burnt can of food . 32b . exterior {* interior} / tower / night RAPHAEL 's hand pull up another soak flare and slide it into the launcher . we see he silhouette against the dark sky . he cock the launcher and shoot . 33b . exterior / mud / night the flare soar , its trail steady . a dull boom . the flare ignites and a tiny parachute open . a flicker beacon light up the area , like a sparkler on a birthday cake . 34 . exterior / roadblock / night the light shine on the face of the couple in the mercede . the driver steal a quick glance . the woman 's eye stay down . the commander hand the paperwork back to the driver . the mercede start and then move away . the light flicker on the wet road . 35 . interior to exterior / ice cream truck and roadblock / night the commander bend over the half - dismantle radio and poke around in its bowel . he turn a screw with a gentle movement and tune to a radio station . 46 he light a cigarette , smoke , and listen . a song , or rather a monologue with note of music . a strange , kitschy , romantic tune . a long movement . the camera leave the commander , exit the ice cream truck and move away , turn and pass alongside the gunner 's post that be light by the dim flicker glow of the fog light . amikam and Jonathan be withdraw into themselves , listen to music . they be silent . a skinny cow walk on the road and calmly cross the roadblock . they stare at it silently . the cow disappear into the darkness . we face the desert site . the song still ring out when suddenly a flash appear from the room in the desert complex . 36 . exterior / roadblock / night jonathan raise he binocular and peer . the room be dark for a moment . then , suddenly , another flash and a trail of movement . 37a . exterior {* interior} / tower + deserted site / night the sound of gothic rock from raphael 's earphone . he turn a heavy switch on a control box affix next to he . a creak and a electric buzz , and the giant light behind he tremble , ignites , and light up . the light flood the room in the desert site . the room be empty , just a small puff of dust . raphael turn the switch back and the light fade and go out with a dull hiss . its fan still turn for fifteen second , then die into silence . something attract he attention . a faraway dot of light , move strangely . he put a speaker to he lip , push the button , wait for a small grate feedback to end and say RAPHAEL the runner be approach , repeat , the runner be approach . his voice echoe from the speaker . 37 . insert / exterior / roadblock / night Jonathan get up from the car seat , walk over to the concertina wire that block the road , move it aside , go back to he place , and sit . silence . 47 the noise of a faraway motor , come closer . a huge motorcycle emerge from the darkness , cross the roadblock like a intercontinental rocket , leave behind it black smoke and fly shred of plastic . Jonathan get up and move the concerted wire back into place . 37b . exterior {* interior} / tower + deserted site / night . the iron clock in the tower tick : half a minute to midnight . a glass with a little coffee move in a rhythmic shiver . the coffee shake . the flare also shake on the wet wooden floor . the sound of footstep on the iron stair . small vibration shake the tower . raphael get to he foot . his face be pale but he gaze be hot and sharp . a replace soldier come in and raphael pass he , nod , and leave . the clock close on midnight . a short ring of a bell . the replacement soldier grab a drip flare and arm the launcher . 38 . exterior / mud / night the commander , amikam and RAPHAEL plod along in the boggy mud on they way from the road to the structure . the sound of a shot and the dull '' boom " of the flare . the light begin to play on the wall of the lean structure , and on they exhaust eye . amikam ( while they walk ) do not you think the room be a bit more crooked than it be yesterday ? no one respond . just panting and concentration on they effort . 39 . interior / leaning structure - drinking fountain / night a long tin drink fountain : four tap over a deep trough . a hand open a tap . a rusted butterfly handle turn with a creak . the tin pipe shiver and the fountain shake . the tap begin to rattle and whine . it vibrate and spew air and freeze blob of water . a long quarter - minute of creaky shaking until the stream stabilize and 48 the fountain calm down . the three remain tap open and four pair of filthy hand be wash . Brown water mix with soap flow into the trough . 40 . interior / leaning structure [ insert ] / night a can opener run around the top of a can and open it . a lump of tin meat . a thin layer of ice over the fat . a burner light up under a row of four can . fat run down the side of the first can and drip onto the flame . a long , break " tssss ... '' 41 . interior / leaning structure - room / night camera move from one cu to another . each soldier be deep in he own thought and they eat the meat in silence . amikam , at the end of the line , eat with a thoughtful gaze and mumble , partly to he comrade , partly to himself amikam we could check it ... Wide view of the space . a row of four fold field cot , a spartan table , and a heap of can of meat . no window ; just a muddy , flicker fluorescent lamp , buzzing softly . the wall leak and the ceiling drip , the floor be crooked , and everything lean to one side in a disturbing slant . amikam go to the heap of meat can , pick one and go with it to the slightly higher corner . he set the can down on its side , glance at he watch and release he grasp . the can roll across the floor until it hit the lower corner of the structure . amikam eight second . if tomorrow it take less time , we will know the room be get more crooked . no one react . they continue to eat in silence . a long silence . the commander glance at the screen of a plastic-clad tablet and say commander we next shift begin at eight . look at RAPHAEL and say 49 commander raphael , roadblock . raphael nod . turn to jonathan commander Jonathan , gun . Jonathan nod . look at amikam commander and you be in the tower . amikam the tower , sir . commander good night . no answer . he do not expect one . 42 . interior / leaning structure - room / night Wide view from the ceiling . the camera move from cot to cot . the sound of a video game : explosion and gunfire . the commander be on he cot , lean against the wall , bent over the screen of he tablet , and lose in he game . now we continue and pass over amikam , who say amikam if we be lean , then in the end we will flip over and sink . when that happen , it will happen in a split second . I do not know if I will have time to say , " I tell you so , " so I be say it now . silence . raphael rest stare at the ceiling , smoking . sound of heavy Metal music come out of he earphone . he have a pillow pattern with splashes of blood , lot of it . like after a bullet to the head . jonathan lie at the end of the row , bent over he notebook , and write . his pillow have a spiral print on it . he hear a faint creak and direct he flashlight to the floor by he cot . muffled bubbling sound . a trickle of murky water bubbles up from the floor . 50 43 . exterior / roadblock / day a puddle . hard rain whip down on it for a moment , then suddenly let up and stop . a few last drop , and we can already recognize the reflection of RAPHAEL . the rain have melt the tattoo of the sea nymph with the amputate fin and it be run down he neck . Long bead of water stream down and turn from transparent to purple . he look out into the room in the desert site . the room be empty . dripping . the floor be muddy . small puddle ... 44 . exterior {* interior} / tower and roadblock / day View of the top of the tower . two loudspeaker against the somber sky . the message ring out . you have enter a military zone . please stop in front of the roadblock . amikam stand in the tower , observe . a small van near the roadblock , slow and stop . 45 . exterior / roadblock / day View of the driver 's photograph . around sixty . the commander raise he eye , look at the driver and disappear under the sunshade . rapahel open the rear door . box of various toy pack tightly one on the other fill the van . he pull out a box . a robot-like soldier make of cheap plastic . it look like a cyborg from a sci-fi b-movie . 46 . exterior -interior / inside ice cream truck / day cu of the keyboard , the aging monitor behind it . the commander 's hand set down a cup contain the remain of coffee . it sit between he and the monitor . through the smear glass of the monitor we see he finger type . the driver 's face be on the screen . the radio murmur . a panel light flicker . obscure military verbiage in low volume , almost whisper . a man 's voice say man' voice ( from radio ) 51 Fire control and topographical data processing across the peripheral axis . 47 . exterior / roadblock / day Jonathan be bent over , draw , by the machine gun . he suddenly sense something , raise he eye and see the van 's driver stare at he , a direct and intense look . a unnerve look . a moment of lock eye , in a effort to be direct with the driver . the commander return the document to the driver . the driver take he document , one more look at Jonathan , then he start the van and drive away . RAPHAEL be hand set the toy robot soldier on the road . the toy soldier march in place , raise he gun , and shoot at the back of the van . a red light flash from the barrel . a moment later he shoot again , and again , time after time , march in place , and shoot ina continuous loop . 48 . exterior -interior / inside ice cream truck / day the commander be bent over the half - dismantle radio and rummages around in its entrail . he turn a screw gently , and then listen . under the electronic murmur we hear classical music . he fine - tune to it . mahler 's fifth symphony . he light a cigarette , smoke , and listen . a long camera move leave he . tracks of rain weave between the knob of the half - disassembled radio . a small puddle form under it . a moth get catch on the surface , among grease stain and fleck of rust . the sound of the symphony swell . the moth float ; its wing tremble . 49 . exterior / roadblock / day a small grate sound of feedback and amikam 's voice from the loudspeaker amikam the runner be approach . repeat , the runner be approach . raphael move aside the concerted wire block the road . the symphony be at its climax . now , in the light of day , we recognize the military BMW ( or some other massive 52 motorcycle ) roaring across the roadblock . the cyclist , or '' runner , " bent over . a tight -fitting military jacket with a furry collar and a opaque helmet . scream . Jonathan lower the binocular and look up to the sky . a flight of gull cross above the mud , over the desert site . he stare at the gull for a long moment . 54 . exterior / roadblock / day the van with the toy come back from the opposite direction . the message sound again . 55 . exterior {* interior} / tower and roadblock / day the cassette rewind and stop . a button release . 56 . exterior / roadblock / day RAPHAEL open the back door of the van . the space that have be pack tight with toy be now empty . just one forget barbie doll lie on the floor . 57 . interior / leaning structure / day the barbie doll be bent over . her elbow lean on RAPHAEL be muddy boot . the robot soldier be press against she from behind , march on the spot and shoot . barbie be push slightly forward and it look like he be fuck she and shoot , fuck and shoot . a can of meat cross they and roll down the slant floor . we slide over the roll can and it hit the wall in the lower corner of the room . a rivulet of cloudy water start form in the corner . amikam ( glance at he watch and announce worriedly ) Seven second . ( turn he eye to he comrade ) one second less than yesterday . Wide view . they eat in silence . just the sound of the toy soldier , fuck and shoot . 53 cur with he pen jonathan draw a new " tattoo " on RAPHAEL be neck . the gothic Metal continue to murmur from raphael 's earphone . amikam hold a stain shave mirror to he profile and show it to he . this time it 's a scream baby . amikam ( drone on in he monotonous voice , while hold the mirror ) Nice tattoo . artistic . full of meaning . and message . ( be silent for a moment . ) tomorrow the rain will erase it . and the day after tomorrow the sun will melt the iceberg on the pole , and the sea will flood the world . and then you can say goodbye to meaning . and to the message . no more message ... commander ( from he bed , without raise he eye from he tablet ) it will take a little more than two day for the sea to flood we , amikam . amikam I mean , from a cosmic point of view , sir . a point of view that bring up question . commander what question be bother you , amikam ? amikam philosophical one , sir . what be we fight for here ? for what purpose ? commander I have not notice you fight here , amikam . amikam Fighting a psychological war , sir . Fighting the unknown . commander and who be this unknown that you be fight ? 54 amikam if I know who it be I would not call it " unknown . " a dull creak sound . a fold cot lurch . they look at each other in silence . amikam we be sink . the commander glance at he tablet and say commander we next shift start at midnight . look at amikam and say commander you be with I at the roadblock , amikam . amikam I be with you till the last bullet , sir . raphael move he pelvis like a ass-kisser . commander ( to raphael ) gun. amikam spray raphael with a imaginary machine gun . raphael throw himself on he cot and take the bullet , convulse and writhe . Jonathan smile . commander ( to Jonathan ) Tower . he start he video game and say commander good night . 58 . interior / leaning structure / day High view from the ceiling . camera move from bed to bed . the commander be deep in he game . amikam and RAPHAEL be stare at the ceiling . silence . just the pound murmur from raphael 's earphone . the camera stop over Jonathan 's cot , at the end of the row . he be bent over he notebook . 55 amikam ( to Jonathan ) toss we a bone about what you be scribbling there . give we a taste . Jonathan pull himself together , smile and start : jonathan on the night before I go to the army , my father come into my room and tell I a story . he say that officially I be no longer a kid , and that this be he last bedtime story . he tell I about he mother , my grandmother , who be a child when the Nazis kill she father , in auschwitz , in the holocaust . and a moment before they take he from she , he manage to give she a rare old torah / jewish bible book , that have be pass on in the family for some ten generation . he give she the book and say that when the time come she should give it to she son , when he become a soldier . " and never , never ever , " he tell she , " never sell it ! " that be he last sentence . and so thirty year pass . my father be thirteen , and the book that survive the holocaust along with my grandmother lay on a small platform in the middle of she Polish glass case , amongst she bottle of perfume and she jewelry . and my father know very well what the story of this torah be ; that it be antique and sacred and rare , how she have receive it from she father and that it be the most important , precious thing in the family , " and we will never , never ever sell it ! " . " when you grow up and you be a soldier , " she would say to he ever since he be little , " I will give you the book and you will give it to you son , that be , I . then my father tell I , since the day have come for to become a soldier , that the day have come for he to give I the book , but ... 56 here we see wave on the picture that take we back in time . jonathan one day , when my father be on the way home from school he see a new bookstore . " journal " it be call . a secondhand bookstore with book and magazine from all over the world . back then there be not that many of that yet , and my father , all turn on , go in , browse around the shelf , and among the magazine about film star , comic and book , he suddenly see a red magazine with the title " playboy , " with the picture of a blonde , naked girl on the cover . the January 1970 playmate . she have xs over she nipple , but it astound he . he would never see such a thing . do not know it exist . she smile at he , so he reach out to she , like he be hypnotize , and open it right at the centerfold where you can see she on a double page , and .. get this : ( smile ) no xs over she nipple . he see she for a split second , then the shop owner pop in suddenly out of nowhere , snatch away the Magazine and say , " no leaf through , kid ! 75 lirot ! either you buy it , or you leave right now . " at the time 75 lirot be a fortune for a kid . he have barely five save up . so he leave , but he could not shake it . just could not get it out of he head . he do not eat , do not drink , could not think about anything . he just jerk off all day like a junkie and fantasize about he playboy girl , this January 1970 playmate that he would see for a split second , on allenby street in tel aviv . he barely sleep at night , and during the short time he fall asleep momentarily he dream how she be climb into he bed , how he peel the xs off she nipple , X after X , until he would get to that point . at that point he would have come . it go they laugh 57 downhill — well beyond the sex thing . he be in love . in the morning he wait till he mother leave the house , and find himself in front of she glass case , pull out the torah . he know he be do something terrible , but he could not help himself . he could not control it . he feel himself be drag to allenby Street , into the store , like a zombie . saw how he hand offer the torah and hear himself ask to exchange it for the red playboy magazine . and just like it take he a split second to glance at the playboy magazine and fall in love , so do it take the bookstore owner a split second to look at the torah and say : '' take you playboy magazine and beat it . " so my father take the magazine and give it to he friend , to circulate among they , which make he king of he class for a day . at the end of the day the magazine get back to he but its page be stick together and there be no save it . it be ruin . lose ... and then , get this : my father suddenly offer I a playboy magazine from January 1970 , the original magazine that he would order for I over the Internet , with the January playmate and the xs in she nipple . and he say : " Son ! keep this magazine and give it to you son when he become a soldier . and most importantly , " he say to I , " never , never ever , come on the page when you jerk off . " jonathan I think he be a bit stone . I think he and my mother smoke joint from time to time . 58 a short silence . jonathan that night I hear they fuck like I never do before . amikam what happen with you grandmother when she find out ? jonathan I never ask . amikam why not ? jonathan this be the last bedtime story he tell I . I do not want to spoil it . if he want to end the story like that , then that 's how the story end . 59 . ( new ) interior / tower / night Jonathan be asleep . his head slightly droop to one side . in the background , the giant light be turn off and silent . 60 . ( new ) interior / tower / night raphael at the gun post . his head nod back and forth with the beat pound from he earphone . amikam lean over next to he and speak . in the background the ice cream truck with the laugh ice cream girl paint on its side . amikam ( in he monotonous voice ) do not you get the conspiracy ? how they stick to you back like leech . they read what you be think , write down what you say ... he be quiet for a moment . he look at raphael who continue to nod he head , and ask amikam can you even hear I ? raphael nod . 59 it 's not clear whether it 's a " yes " or nodd to the beat from he earphone . amikam ( continue ) they be everywhere . even here . watch we . follow we . ( lower he voice a little ) you and I , for example , be be photograph right now . yes , yes ! ( nod ) you hear I . raphael do not react , but this do not faze amikam , and he continue and say amikam we be be photograph and record , and if you do not know it until now , you should wake up , man . because everything you see around here , it 's all a illusion . even you be a illusion , raphael . and I be actually talk to a illusion here , get it ? a fuck fata morgana ! could not you be some blonde , like , say , larissa from " Big brother ? " or jessica rabbit ? that Roger must have have a serious tool . otherwise how can you explain this super- piece marrying a rabbit ..? a american car emerge suddenly from the fog , slide into the frame and stop . amikam and raphael jump up in alarm . raphael cock the machine gun . commander's voice ( yell ) amikam , get away from that car ! 61 . ( new ) interior / tower / night Jonathan sleep . commander's faraway voice ( yelling ) Jonathan ! Jonathan wake up in alarm and turn on the spotlight . 62 . exterior / roadblock / night 60 the spotlight switch on . a circle of light around the car . the woman beside the driver begin to whimper . commander's voice ( yell ) raphael , get down ! raphael crouch and disappear into the gunner 's post . commander's voice ( echoes through the megaphone ) Driver ! get out of the car ! the door open hesitantly . a man in a dinner jacket get out with he hand in the air and yell driver ( yell ) do not shoot at we ! we do not do anything ! commander's voice Close you door , slowly . the driver shut the door slowly . commander's voice stand next to the door ! a hesitant step forward . commander's voice against the car ! he press himself against the car . commander's voice put you hand on the roof . he obey and put he hand on the roof . commander's voice now the woman . get out of the car , slowly . she do not move ; only whimper and sit , freeze . driver ( shout ) get out of the car , Marianne ! 61 the door open and a fat woman start to get out of the car . commander's voice with the bag ! pick up you bag ! but slowly . she whimper but obey and get out of the car with she bag . commander's voice ( still off - camera , through the shrill megaphone ) now empty all the content of the bag onto the road . whimper , she empty the bag with tremble hand . makeup , a small mirror , a key ring , and some other everyday item fall between tremble high heel . a id card in a small puddle . the smile photo of the woman under the murky water . Thunder crash , the sky open , and rain whip across the puddle . the woman 's hairdo fall apart , she makeup run down she face , and the evening dress she be wear become translucent and cling to she fold of fat . her husband look at she , defeat and humiliate . 63 . exterior / inside ice cream truck / night High view over the commander . he type . the rain whip the leak roof . from the radio a quiet male voice say radio voice explosive be blast at average point of height from rear cover post . 64 . exterior / roadblock + deserted site / night the commander give the document back to the driver and say commander I apologize for the mistake . go. the car cross in front of he face and drive away . he keep stand on the side of the road and look at the desert site . a short dark moment and again the long , defiant flicker . behind he , deep in the muddy frame , the tower . the spotlight turn on . he lift he arm in a X . the spotlight fade off . 62 he scan the dark site through he night vision binocular . commander ( to amikam stand next to he ) tomorrow first thing , we will not go to sleep before we check out that goddamn place . 65 . exterior / mostly in the mud / day a foggy morning . a cloud have settle on the muddy expanse . the commander lead he three soldier inside this screen of fog . they make they way into the heart of the viscous mud , with mark effort . a exhaust minute of sisyphean walk . the mud soften and become boggy , then give way to a gigantic puddle . they advance with difficulty across the puddle and reach a break , disintegrate fence . on the fence be a sign , like a road sign with a generic symbol [ e.g. , a hand like a stop sign , a exclamation mark , and a large X , or perhaps a skull ] to indicate danger , or no entry . they cross the fence and go in . 66 . exterior / hangar / day [ the structure that be in the front part of the site , from which we see most of the flash ] they stand face the breach hangar . they look small and meaningless compare to its immense height and enormous space within . commander ( after a long moment ) we will comb this structure , then cross the area in a straight line to the other end . he look at they . they be exhaust . his gaze be tired . a quiet voice from the portable radio ( that tattoo be carry on he back ) radio voice decimetric fire from front line post to depth of mine ridge . in silence they enter the mouth of the monstrous structure . 63 67 . interior / hangar / day the gigantic space be empty and desert . mostly puddle and ruin . they climb up iron stair lead to the upper level . 68 . interior / corridor / day a desolate corridor and empty room . they walk in single file . the commander lead , with jonathan as rearguard . they split up . we stay with Jonathan , who turn and enter one of the room . 69 . interior / abandoned room / day a wall . the remain of wet , rotting feel wallpaper . a disintegrate leather armchair in a small puddle . beside it a shaky floor lamp . the same room he see through he binocular ( scene 71 b ) . Jonathan sit in the armchair and press the switch of the lamp . a dry click ; the bulb light up but the room darken . Jonathan shift he eye . a window , partly break . remnant of a flap curtain . outside , darkness . suddenly night have fall . he approach the window , stand in front of it and peer out into the dark . the glass be break . its crack along he face , lengthwise . part of he face be expose , the other see through the crack pane . he pull out he flashlight , aim it at the opaque darkness before he , and turn it on and off . a short single flash . a moment of nothing . a huge spotlight light up from deep in the darkness and flood he with a blind , powerful blaze . he freeze momentarily in the aura of light that seemingly try to swallow he . he move to the side in a half turn , he back now against the wall , and see himself asleep in the armchair . voice of the commander we be move on . he wake up . the lamp beside he be turn off . the commander stand in the doorway , stare at he for another moment , then leave . Jonathan turn he eye to the window . there be no window . just a seal , moist wall . 70 . exterior / deserted site / day 64 the fog be unstable : at moment it thicken , then it thin out . a sense of lightheadedness and loss of direction . commander ( to amikam ) make sure we be on course . I want to get to the other side , to see what 's go on there , then head back . they look small and vulnerable as they walk between abandon , violate building . the Commander in the lead with amikam close behind he , mostly look at he compass . RAPHAEL and jonathan in the rear . here and there they stop and look for a moment . a huge plastic sheet whirling in the wind . a crow hopping along in the mud , try to fly , flutter in the air , then fall . a skinny cow stand and stare at they from the within fog . a few long minute of walk in the inanimate world of ruin and murky water . we can already see the far end , where stand a gigantic hangar , break open , identical to the one they comb at the entrance to the site . 71 . exterior / hangar / day they stand at the edge of the hangar 's roof and observe through binocular . a long , static moment . commander ( without take the binocular off he eye ) we get off course and come back . amikam lower he gaze to he compass and say amikam not accord to the compass . continue to observe . a long silence . RAPHAEL what 's he do there ? View through they binocular . they see the roadblock and on the road a soldier dance the foxtrot . commander 65 we will turn around and go back . I be not leave here without see the other side . 72 . interior / deserted site / day they go back to where they come from , glue to the compass and the few landmark there be . the same crow try to fly and fall , the same whirling plastic sheet , and the same skinny cow stare at they with its empty gaze . from the thinning fog , the other end suddenly appear . again the same huge hangar . the same start point . they stand face the hangar and the endless mud . commander ( look through binocular in the direction of the roadblock . ) we must have get vertigo . we think we be go straight , but we be walk in circle . amikam accord to the compass , we walk in a straight line . a short silence . RAPHAEL so the fuck compass be break ! they look crush and exhaust . they move away into the mud and be swallow in the fog . a quiet male voice come from the portable radio voice from radio Chemical waste disposal unit on its way to casualty collection point . 74 . exterior / mud / night a shot . the soar flare be reflect in a puddle . the flash start and stop and the flare whirl , flicker for another moment , and dive into the puddle . 73b . exterior {* interior} / tower / night another shot . another flare be launch , it open , light up the tower with a flicker light . raphael stand in 66 the front of the tower and look at the flare . his silhouette appear then vanish between darkness and light . 75 . exterior / roadblock + deserted site / night jonathan shrink in the gunner 's post , under the beach umbrella that flap wildly in the wind , threaten to collapse . he be draw in he notebook . boom . the flare open and its light flicker on Jonathan 's face . his gaze be tired . his eye begin to close . his head droops and he nod off for a short moment , then wake up with a start . 76 . exterior / roadblock + deserted site / night a flicker . and another . Jonathan cock the machine gun . again a flicker , a long one , and he shoot a single bullet into the darkness before he . barking and whining . the spotlight turn on and begin to dart about the muddy expanse , in a long frantic search , until it stop on a filthy , bleed dog . barking , whining , bark . jonathan stare at it , shocked . the dog suddenly collapse and fall over , try to get up , and fall again . Jonathan wake up again , gasp . his eye be moist ; perhaps a long tear . amikam' voice you kill he . Jonathan look up at he questioningly . jonathan who . .? amikam you dog . Jonathan direct a frighten look to the muddy expanse , which we see from he point of view . a vague , faraway sound sharpen and become a siren . a large sheet of plastic burst out from the dark , whirl in the wind , and fly toward he . he open he eye and awaken from the nightmare in a panic . a heavy semi-trailer carry a tank cross the roadblock , sounding its horn continuously . now he really wake up , scared and glisten with sweat . the rain whip across the road . the sunshade threaten to fall over . 67 77 . exterior / roadblock / night the announcement ring out again announcement you have enter a military zone ... a shine mercede slow , then stop . the headlight go out . amikam turn on the flashlight . the beam of light smear across the windshield . at the steering wheel a boy . at he side a girl . we see they alternately . one moment the rain blur they image . the next moment a wiper shift the water and expose they face . the commander approach . a electric window lower and open . now we can see another boy and girl in the back seat . they be seventeen at most . kid of good family , all scrubbed and shine . gell hair , makeup ; you can actually smell the perfume . the commander study they at length . the rain whip on he face . 78 . exterior -interior / roadblock / inside ice cream truck / night very close view of the commander 's finger type ; line of black dirt under he fingernails . the face of the girl who sit beside the driver now appear on the screen . the grainy image blur for a moment and a big drop of water slide down the screen , like a tear on the girl 's face . a quiet male voice from the radio voice from radio sterile crush point between seam line and regional access axis . 79a . exterior / roadblock [ behind mercede ] / night amikam check the trunk . spare tire , toolbox , and a large gift box . 80a . exterior / roadblock [ machine gun post ] / night 68 jonathan bend over the side of the gun and look at the profile of the girl sit in the front passenger seat . her neck be delicate . 79b . exterior / roadblock [ behind mercede ] / night amikam look suspiciously at the gift box , bend over it , and listen . 81a . exterior ( interior ) / tower / night the hand of the massive clock tick . a quarter of a minute to 9:00 . 80b . exterior / roadblock [ machine gun post ] / night the girl look out the window and cross jonathan be gaze . the window be wet , and the ensue blur give she a mysterious air . a moment of meeting of eye . her friend steal snicker look at he . her smile , which earlier feel sincere , suddenly seem amused at he embarrassed reaction . 81b . exterior ( interior ) / tower / night the hand of the clock jump to 9:00 . ringing . 79d . exterior / roadblock [ behind mercede ] / night amikam place a hesitant hand on the lid of the gift box . debate whether to pull the ribbon and open it . 81c . exterior ( interior ) / tower / night RAPHAEL be hand pick up a flare . 82a . exterior / roadblock [ by driver' window ] / night the commander hand the driver the document . the driver take they and one slip out of he hand , drop onto the commander 's shoe and fall under the car . 69 79e . exterior / roadblock [ behind mercede ] / night amikam give the wrapping ribbon a little pull ... hesitates ... and decide not to open the box . his finger relax they grip on the ribbon and he palm let go . 82b . exterior / roadblock [ by driver' window ] / night the Commander bend down and as he pick up the document , see the hem of the girl 's dress catch in the close car door . commander ( to driver ) her dress be catch in the door . he give back the document . commander go. 81d . exterior ( interior ) / tower / night raphael fire . 83 . exterior / sky / night the flare soar upward and spit out a intermittent stream of spark , start to whirl around , and then dive down . 84 . exterior / roadblock / night the car start to move forward , the girl bend down and open the door a crack . she pull in she dress . the fail flare fall on the road near the slightly open door . it roll . amikam close the trunk and see the half open door and the roll flare . from he viewpoint this look bad and he shout , terrify amikam grenade ! jonathan raise he eye with a hysterical look . for a moment he see the girl 's hand slip into the close door and something roll on the road . he squeeze the trigger of the machine gun . 70 View from high above , we be above the car . jonathan shoot continuously . the car cave into itself , a jumble of metal and glass shard . a last bullet echoe into a dull silence . everyone freeze . in the background the ice cream truck and the laughter of the fresh - look ice cream girl paint on it . it seem she be look at the bullet- ride mercede through stain of rust . the rain wash the blood from the road . 85a . exterior / roadblock / night Wide view ( maybe from the tower ) of the roadblock , the muddy expanse , and the road . Orange flash light get brighter in the corner of the screen . in the soundtrack we hear the commander 's voice talk on the radio . commander's voice Cornelia from foxtrot , we block the axis all along the sector . the road be sterile , I repeat , the road be sterile , over . authoritative voice foxtrot from Cornelia , Rhino on it 's way to you , stand by .. the flash light color the corner of the screen . a huge trailer truck carry a heavy bulldozer come into the frame and slowly crawl along the road . commander's voice Rhino be enter the puddle . the truck slow laboriously , then stop . a dull creak of brake . the light go off and the motor fall silent . 85b . exterior -interior / inside ice cream truck / night commander ( holding the radio 's microphone ) Rhino in the puddle , this be foxtrot . I repeat , Rhino be in the puddle . 86 . exterior / roadblock + mud / night the bulldozer tremble , then start up . a blob of black smoke , a grate noise . 71 the monotonous sound of warning beep . the flash light on the bulldozer . the monster heavily come down from the back of the truck , drive deep into the muddy expanse , and stop . in the tower the spotlight switch on . a circle of light around the bulldozer and the mud . the gigantic blade stab into the mud and the bulldozer begin to dig . a long minute with the digging bulldozer , the pit be already deep . the bulldozer back away , turn , and return to the roadblock , load the bullet - riddled car onto its blade , return with it to the mud and , throw it into the pit . it fall with a dull thud . the bulldozer start to cover it with mud . the mud fall onto the roof of the car and flow down around it , swallow it more and more , until the car disappear into the mud . the bulldozer continue to fill the hole for another long moment . the bulldozer pack the mud flat , turn , and leave the frame . its track remain . rain begin to fall , blur the track . the track disappear . only mud . 87 . exterior / roadblock / day a grey morning . a gloomy sky . a supply truck be park on the side of the road . the driver be unload a impressive amount of can meat and flare . the noise of a helicopter . plastic sheet fly around , wind hit the road and a military helicopter land . a high -ranking officer come out of the helicopter energetically , stop for a moment in front of the mud and look at he polished shoe . a moment of hesitation , then a step into the mud . 88 . interior / leaning structure / day the room be now very crooked , truly diagonal . the officer stand in the center . his shoe be filthy . the commander and he three soldier sit face he . officer as I understand it , you act accord to the rule . but in war as in war , and we be in a war here ! have no doubt about it ! in war .. shit happen . so whatever happen , happen , and I do not want to go into the detail , because if we start digging into they , all of you here will pay the price ! 72 he fall silent and drag out the moment , create a aftereffect to what he say . officer so , as I see it , this file be close before it be open . and if anyone here have a problem with that , let he speak up here and now . a long , thick silence . you could cut into it . the officer 's cell phone start ringing . he press it to he ear and say officer ( into phone ) hey , shmulik , what 's up ? listen for a moment then say get it . tell he father he 's on he way home . raise he eye and ask officer which one of you be Jonathan feldman ? jonathan ( who shot at the car ) raise a hesitant hand . officer ( cont . ) get on the supply truck outside , you be go home . Jonathan look at the officer , want to say something , but change he mind and remain silent . 89 . exterior / roadblock / day the helicopter take off and disappear . Jonathan drag himself across the viscous mud , away from the very crooked structure . amikam at he side , slightly behind he . amikam ( babble and panting ) do not take it to heart . it happen . and tomorrow , as they say , the sun will shine , and the field will fill with honey . see what I mean , Jonathan ? jonathan 73 you mean , from a cosmic point of view , amikam ? amikam cosmic only . all the rest be a illusion ... they arrive at the ice cream truck and stop beside it . jonathan why do not you go bullshit someone else , amikam . if you have not yell " grenade ! " to I , I would not have fire . amikam ( shake he head pityingly ) the universe be indifferent , Jonathan . it do not settle account with you . in ten year you will be float in a pool on the roof of you penthouse and think to yourself : " amikam be right . my life be not so bad . and what do I do , anyway ? he 's the one who yell ' grenade ! ' maybe he 's the one who fire , too . " jonathan you be fuck up , amikam . ( smile a little ) but it 's not you fault that you be . amikam ( smile ) hug ? Jonathan take he time to agree . amikam come on , do not play hard to get . Jonathan relent . they hug . amikam ( while hugging ) we be modern man , Jonathan . Men who like woman but be not embarrassed to hug each other . RAPHAEL ( shout from the doorway of the lean structure ) 74 faggot ! amikam give he the finger . voice from the radio ( inside the ice cream truck ) sterile smash point between seam line and regional access axis . Jonathan climb into the supply truck . Wide perspective view . the road cross the mud and be swallow by the fog . the truck move away and fade into the fog . the soldier who open the sequence begin to dance he foxtrot on the road . silence . just he breathe and the tapping of this foot on the asphalt . he turn to we and take a little bow . cur . 90 . interior -exterior / view from a moving vehicle / early evening View through a side window of the truck . the dirty pane be partly open . mud and fog . the same shot as the open shot ( scene 1 ) a long drive . camera move . we move back until we see Jonathan 's profile . he look ahead . his gaze be dull , opaque . perhaps cold , perhaps lose . jonathan ( after a long silence ) do you know why they suddenly decide to send I home ? driver' voice ( vo ) what do I know ? I be just the driver . Jonathan look ahead . a narrow road and a thick cloud of fog . his notebook of drawing be on he lap , wrap in translucent plastic . his hand open the notebook . first page . a comic book title draw in fountain pen : title : last bedtime story we come closer . now the draw fill the frame . 91 . transition scene : [ a short still clip ] 75 change graphic drawing that tell the story that Jonathan tell about he father [ the antique torah book and the playboy magazine , scene 70 ] . simple animation base on a static draw that do a repetitive movement . jumpy loop of a clumsy movement , but stylize and conscious of its clumsiness . drawing 1 : close - up the deject face of a boy in early puberty . jonathan' voice ( v.0 . ) Michael do something terrible ! the boy ( Michael ) blink sadly . drawing 2 : close - up the face of a woman ( Michael 's mother from the kindergarten scene . ) her look be opaque and empty . jonathan' voice ( v.0 . ) because of he he mother have a nervous breakdown . drawing 3 : wide view jonathan' voice ( continue ) ... and she be commit . now we see the boy ( Michael ) stand opposite he mother 's bed in a cold , bright , fluorescent - light room . his mother be in a straitjacket , and stare vacantly at he . drawing 4 the sound of fermentation . the boy lean forward a bit . something catch he eye . drawing 5 the blue number of a concentration camp survivor tattooe onto he mother 's arm melt away and drip . a drop of ink drip . tssss ... sparkle , smoke , and flash . drawing 6 Magic effect : the boy 's mother have become the cover girl . she scream in pain . her arm unfurl to she side and she tear off the strait-jacket . her breast be expose . she have two black xs on she nipple . 76 drawing 7 a erect nipple burst from the center of the X . the boy 's lip attach themselves around it . drawing 8 the boy be attach to the breast , suckling . the X detach from the breast , stick to the boy 's face , twist around he head and cover he eye . the cover girl 's scream cut off . silence . just the suck sound of the boy . a drop of ink drip from he lip . drawing 9 a high school graduation class photo . Zoom in to the picture of a boy with a X on he face , like duct tape that cover he eye and be absorb into he flesh . jonathan' voice ( v.0 . ) in spite of Michael 's abnormal look he be popular among he classmate . drawing 10 the shadow of a beard be add to the face of the boy with the X . he be wear a beret , and he salute . jonathan' voice ( v.0 . ) and become a combat officer . drawing 11 the X stay on the face , but the beret and the officer 's insignia be replace with academic mortar board cap and gown . jonathan' voice ( v.0 . ) ... and a star student . drawing 12 the boy with the X sit across from a girl in a café . in the background a ad for ice cream ( the laugh ice cream girl paint on the ice cream truck ) . jonathan' voice ( v.o. continue 77 ..- who impressed a young philosophy student . a text bubble pop up above the boy . Zoom in to the word ( + v.o. of Michael ) : jonathan' voice ( v.0 . ) Einstein say that coincidence be God 's way of stay anonymous ... the girl melt and become a puddle in the shape of a heart . drawing 13 a orchestra in a romantic climax . the silhouette of a lover couple kissing against the background of palm tree and a sunset . jonathan' voice ( v.0 . ) ..- and fall in love with she . downward camera move . we be behind the boy and girl , in front of the end of a movie . title the end . drawing 14 : a rabbi hold a wine glass . a photographer shoot picture . the boy , with a X on he face , stand beside the girl , under a bridal canopy . the girl be very pregnant . jonathan' voice ( v.0 . ) they marry ... the groom 's foot rise and break the glass . drawing 15 + 16 : a office tower . strong zoom into one of its window . the boy have turn into a man in a suit but the xx be still on he face . he sit on a manager 's chair and speak into a phone . jonathan' voice ( v.0 . ) 78 Michael become a successful architect .. a frame picture stand on he desk . strong zoom into the picture . in it , he ( with the X ) , he wife , he son , he daughter and the dog . jonathan' voice ( v.0 . ) and have a family . he give the dog a little kick . the dog yelp and get out of the family photo . drawing 17 : the man , with the X on he face , stand naked in front of a mirror . jonathan' voice ( v.0 . ) when he stand in front of the mirror he see a handsome man . the image of Apollo in the mirror . jonathan' voice ( v.0 . ) he see a strong man . Apollo be replace by a muscle man , glisten with oil . jonathan' voice ( v.0 . ) he get himself a hard on ... his penis become erect and he begin to masturbate and to spurt little xs in all direction . one of the xs stick to the camera lens and block the front of the frame . jonathan' voice ( v.0 . ) and think no one could see he xx . drawing 18 : a close view of the man 's face . he be asleep . his head rest on a pillow . the boy ( little Michael from the beginning of the scene ) walk over the X that cover he face . jonathan' voice 79 ( v.0 . ) only late at night , when he 's fast asleep , Michael the boy would come along and help he shed a tear ... the boy pull the end of the X and peel it off . the eye be reveal . a blink , then a tear . a real tear drop onto the draw . now we see Michael 's hand hold the notebook . it be stain . a little sooty . cur . 92 . interior / [ jonathan' room ] / early evening close cu . we do not see the room yet ; just Michael 's eye stare at the draw . silence . his face be motionless . just a tiny smile and teary eye . the distant sound of child play enter the soundtrack . Wide view . now we see the whole room . a single bed , a naked mattress , a roll - up rug . michael sit on the corner of the bed , face a wardrobe whose door be open . it be empty . a desk cover with a plastic sheet . no book , no thing . just the notebook in Michael 's hand . the tumult of the child 's distant voice emphasize the silence . 93a . interior / kitchen / early evening a birthday cake . layer of cream and chocolate with lot of whipped cream on top . twenty candy cherries form the number 20 . Close view . dafna 's finger stick sparkler into the cherries . they look like thin , black candle . her movement be stiff . her nail , bitten . cut to black title : dafna 93b . interior / apartment [ kitchen ] / early evening a sink , hot water , a rough scrubby , and a close view of dafna 's hand wash dish . fleck of flour and eggshell , the whisk of a mixer with remain of sticky chocolate . thing for make the cake . c U of she face . it be hard ; pinch . splotches of exhaustion under she bitter , angry gaze . 80 she finish the dish , but continue to rub the scrubby on she knuckle , open wound that begin to bleed . she look at she hand for a moment and immediately throw the scrubby into the sink . until now she be not aware . only when she see she hand do she understand and feel . 94 . interior / apartment [ corridor and jonathan' room ] / early evening we see the corridor from the doorway of Jonathan 's room . dafna come out of the kitchen at the end of the corridor , approach the doorway of the room while wiping she hand on a kitchen towel , come into cu , and say dafna we agree you would call ! that you would not come here unannounced anymore ! her look be disturb , but she voice make a effort to stay restrain and dry . Michael sit on the corner of the bed , on the bare mattress , surround by Jonathan 's empty room , and be silent . silence . dafna ( choke down she mount anger ) why be you do this to I ?! do you think I be over it ? or that I be lonely ? he remain quiet and look at she . a moment of lock eye . michael ( in a quiet voice ) I think that , today ... dafna ( cut in with she cold voice ) today , of all day , I do not want to see you . a freeze silence . Michael lower he eye to she hand . with the small towel she quickly hide the wound on she finger joint . small bloodstain on the towel . she hide the stain with she palm . michael ( raise he head , almost in a whisper ) 81 either you hate I , or you be fight against what you still feel for I . dafna ( burst out ) want to know what I feel ? I feel nothing ! that 's what I feel . ( lose herself for a moment ) I be burst with emptiness . ( take a breath , restrain she outburst ) do not come here anymore . do not do this to I . she open a side door and disappear with a slam . silence . just the faraway murmur of play child . 95 . interior / apartment [ bathroom ] / early evening a small bottle of alcohol . a bloody cotton swab immerse in the clear liquid . the blood dissolves into a dark cloud that disperse like pink silk thread . dafna 's hand grasp the moist q-tip and place it onto one of she knuckle . she look at the sting wound and sigh quietly . perhaps just a breath : part pain , part relief . maybe this physical pain calm she , defuse the rage pent up inside she . something inside she give in and give up and the hard look in she eye weaken and relax . a quiet knock on the door and michael 's voice on the other side michael' voice I be leave now , dafna . I be sorry . I think ... maybe , you know , today we would do something . together . dafna 's face be flood with tear . michael' voice I just have to sit in Jonathan 's room for a while . and see you . again a flood of tear and silent weep . a long moment of silence . michael' voice just tell I you be okay in there . with effort she control she weep and say dafna 82 sorry I throw away the thing in Jonathan 's room . ( her lip tremble silently , only the tear flow ) it 's because of he smell . ( continue while weep noiselessly ) I can not bear the way thing lose the smell of my boy . Wide view . she sit on the toilet lid and cry softly ... 96 . interior / apartment [ corridor and bedroom ] / early evening Michael stand press against the bathroom door . cu of michael . his face be press against the close door and he eye be moist . maybe a tear roll down he unshaven cheek . in the soundtrack we hear the muffle sound of a faraway television , the murmur of a laugh audience . dafna' cracked voice ( through the door ) what do you want to do together ? Michael want to say something , but change he mind and remain still . dafna' voice ( after a long moment ) do not go . Wide view over the corridor . for a moment Michael stand face the close door . he then take 2 - 3 step and pass the bedroom . its door be partly open . he turn and stop . 97 . interior / apartment [ bedroom ] / early evening the room be shutter and dusky . the tv be on , the sound be turn down . Blue light dance on sleep - in sheet . the murmur of a laugh audience . Michael be still stick for a moment in front of the partly open door , then come in , stand before the bed and look . pill . a half eat candy bar . chocolate crumb . a open packet of tissue . a few more use one . michael look down . 83 dafna 's nightgown lie on the floor . he hesitates for a moment , but then bend over , pick up the nightgown and lay it onto the corner of the bed . he put the tissue and pill on the night stand by the bed . wrap the chocolate bar and lay it beside they . gather up the chocolate crumb and ball up tissue , pick up the remote control . straighten up , and turn off the tv . the murmur cut off to silence . 97/98 . interior / apartment [ kitchen + corridor / early evening the lid of a garbage bin be raise and open . compress garbage , almost overflow . Michael 's hand push in the ball up tissue and crumb . he wash he hand thoroughly . take a wrinkle towel lie throw on the marble top by the sink , wipe off he hand , hang it up on the hook and straighten it with a small stretch movement . something catch he eye . four cup on a shelf . he change the placement of the cup and turn the handle to the same direction , like soldier on parade . we leave he with a long camera move and exit the kitchen to the corridor . at the end of the corridor we now see Jonathan 's empty room through the wide open door . the dog be lie in the doorway . he 's still wait . 98a . interior / apartment [ kitchen ] / early evening to night * end of day light enter from the window . it 's the only one lighting the kitchen and Michael and dafna . dafna 's hand grasp a bottle of whisky . there be Band - aids on she knuckle . she pour . michael look at the bandage . dafna ( while perform she action ) do not say anything about this . finishes pour , raise she glass in a small movement dafna or about this . drink deeply . dafna I know I look like a cliché . she be silent for a moment , then say 84 dafna anyway , life be hopeless , so instead of fight it and make the effort to go on , I have decide to invest in my decline . to foster it . if there 's anything leave that can infuse some life into I , it 's my urge for self - destruction . they sit at the table . he at the narrow end , she next to he , wear a simple nightgown and sweater , she hair damp , she eye soften . on the counter at the far end of the kitchen sit a birthday cake . a long silence . suddenly she realize something , sniff , and say dafna you be smoking again ?! michael no ... but a small childish smile betray he . also in she the trace of a smile be noticeable . she sip whisky and say dafna okay , so give I a cigarette . he pull out a pack . one cigarette for she , one for he . they smoke together , close , in silence . a long , intimate , and quiet minute . 98 . insert exterior / sky view through the window / day a piece of sky through a double window with a wear wooden frame and a turbid pane . a kite dance in the air . appear momentarily then vanish , hide by the window frame and the peel wall . 98 insert-2 interior / view through the window / day the eye of young dafna through the glass , follow the kite with small movement , and hide occasionally behind the window frame . a duet between dafna be look and the kite . dafna ( v.o. over the picture ) 85 I like we roof apartment best , the one overlook the sea . remember how we talk all night about the film we would see ; how we want to travel the world , study , do thing ? ( drink deeply ) the smell of the sea . and the taste of salt .. in the air . the window open to the right and the leave . a seagull fly in front of the open window . a girl 's hair whip in the wind . Sea . a small sailboat . it be a ordinary day , but I remember that ... I feel exalt . a feel that anything be possible . cur 98b . interior / apartment [ kitchen ] / early evening to night end-of - day light enter from the window . it be the only source of light that light the kitchen and Michael and dafna . the light will fade gradually throughout the scene , evening will fall and the kitchen will darken . the four mug that michael straighten on the shelf . camera movement from one mug to the next . on the first mug the name " Michael " under the picture of a rhinoceros 's head . on the next one , " dafna , " under a iguana . the third , " alma , " under a black cat . and " Jonathan " with a dolphin . dafna ( v.o. continue ) it do not last more than a few minute , but I feel it in every cell in my body . and I remember think to myself that ... this moment be the beginning of a great and real happiness about to enter my life . that I be go to be happy , that I be only at the beginning ... dafna and Michael next to each other , at both corner of the table . we approach they in a long , slow movement . 86 dafna ( v.o. continue ) a week later I discover I be pregnant . I feel my life have be steal from I . I want a abortion but you would not let I . you say that we love could not triumph over that . and that you would leave I ... ( take another sip ) I even make a appointment for a abortion . I remember sit , tremble , in front of a doctor who explain to I that it be too late . that now it would be murder . after Jonathan be bear not a day pass without I think that he 's here thanks to you , and that I ... ( want to drink more but see that the glass be empty and give up ) «am undeserve . we never talk about it , but it be always ... float in the air , my feel of guilt . ( pour herself another glass and say , while perform she action ) because of this guilt feel I love he even more ! more than I be capable of contain inside I . because there 's a kind of intensity , almost violent , in love that 's infuse with guilt . ( a direct look ) and I love he more than alma . this be a terrible thing I be say , I know that . lately I be be plague by terrible thought . ( a long sip ) I love he because he have I in he . because he have in he all the thing I have in I before he be bear . the 87 thing that make you fall in love with I . the thing you force I to relinquish ; and I do give they up when I give birth to Jonathan . for you ... ( a bitter laugh ) any shrink would probably have a field day with I now . ( already a little drunk ) the approach movement come to a stop . a intimate frame of the two . dafna empty she glass , pour herself another and take a long gulp . she sink into herself , be silent for a moment , and say dafna sometimes I be sorry I do not have the abortion . ( again a small pause ) because the joy of have a child be easily take for grant . you do not walk around feel this continuous high . but the pain of not have he anymore be a daily one . it 's intolerable . ( sigh ) michael extend a hand , pick up a salt cellar , put it back into its rack beside the pepper and straighten the rack until it 's in line with the wall . dafna react immediately , shift the rack , pull out the salt cellar , and lay it on its side . grain of salt scatter on the table . she move she glass and spill a little whisky by the salt cellar . she take a last pull on she cigarette and put it out in the small puddle of whisky . ( pour more into she glass even though it 's not empty and mutter to herself ) why could not he die when they announce it to we ? a normal death . ( sip ) legitimate . ( continue quietly , but with a inner tremble that creep into she voice ) dafna 88 why be it like a punishment , or someone 's revenge , maybe it 's God get even with we ; with you . I mean , I do not mean to take away you credit , you know . and the fact that I understand that you do not mean to kill you child do not help I to be able to sleep in one bed with you , to live with you . only six month have pass and I do not ... ( another long sip ) never mind . dafna but I be also to blame here . there 's no doubt . by my passivity . by not snatching the phone away from you . by not stick my nail in you . by not bite you . I live alongside you ( psychological ) damage . pretend not to see in order not to embarrass you . lean on you in order to make you strong , so you do not notice that I see , see that you be weak , that you have a secret , that you be ashamed of yourself . and that you life , meaning you office , we , the car , and this " you can rely on I " that you try hard to scatter around you — it 's all there just to hide this secret , this weakness . you be weak , Michael . I see it . alma see it . and Jonathan see it , and Max ... Max feel it between he rib . he have a chronic bruise there , do you know that ? from you kick . he lower he eye . a long , oppressive silence . the tension that break for a moment build up again . dim , thin light still enter through the window . the kitchen darken ; night fall . she raise she eye . a simple clock on the wall above the kitchen doorway : it 's almost six o'clock . Michael try to say something but she get up , move away to the corner of the kitchen . she stand in front of the cake and stare out of the window . the last light of the day embrace she silhouette . her cu the soft light caress she face . she look out silently . 89 dafna ( after a long pause , in a quiet voice ) want to see something ? come on . night fall by the moment . the kitchen be dusky ; almost completely dark . Michael approach from the dark , come into the last light that enter from the window , and stand at she side , a little behind she , look out over she shoulder . 99 . exterior / abandoned swimming pool / evening last light of day on the abandon swim pool . the wall have darken to black , but the sky be indigo . a thin , bent man walk along the edge of the pool , lengthwise . a bucket and squeegee . steady step . he look like a maintenance man . he disappear behind a concrete column that demarcate the corner of the frame . a moment of nothing happen . a light flicker and turn on . a round spotlight fall on the floor of the empty pool . the maintenance man enter the frame and walk back along the length of the pool . his silhouette stretch across the wall . he be whistling clearly . somewhere over the rainbow or something similar . 100 . interior / apartment [ kitchen ] / night the camera float backward in a slow crawl . we be now behind dafna 's shoulder . Michael be dimly reflect in the window . he blend with the painting of the baby . dafna turn she gaze backward and say dafna I do not mean it . I be sorry . ( smile , slightly drunkenly ) come on ... he be smile again now . she pick up the cake . he pour more whisky onto the glass and they sit down again on either side of the cake . the kitchen be now dark . dafna 's dim silhouette take a long sip . dafna let 's devote ourselves to the grief . she strike a match that light she eye . 90 dafna indulge in it . she light one of the sparkler she would stick into the cake . a flash of light run along the string of sparkler , and everything become one big flicker light shape like the number 20 . dafna smile . Michael look at she and she look at the cake . her smile be childish and captivate . the light dance on they face for a long moment , until it fade and go out . darkness . silence ... Michael 's voice , after a long silence , from within the darkness michael' voice I just see the smile that make I fall in love with you . another short silence . dafna' voice ( from the darkness ) what smile ? michael' voice ( from the darkness ) the smile of a child . a creak . footstep recede . a click . Michael turn on the light . dafna 's chair be empty . now , with the light on , he see a small picture on the wall at the kitchen entrance . a crumpled page from a notebook , smoothe out . a plain frame . a draw in ink , a ship sink in endless mud . its stern sink , its bow burst out of the mud , a moment before the final immersion . the landscape be desolate and foggy . the light gloomy and the sky threaten . we come closer to the draw and enter it . the soundtrack fade and die ; a empty silence . dafna set a small tin box on the table in a sudden movement . Michael start in fright , momentarily embarrassed by he weakness , but she just look at he with the smile of a child who do something naughty and say dafna I find this among he thing ... in a drawer . a tin lid with the fade picture of a mermaid . a pair of soft breast and a fish 's tail . Michael open the lid . a 91 dry marijuana blossom , a use packet of roll papers and filter . dafna still remember how to roll ? he smile and start roll . now dafna be look at the draw . she be quiet for a long moment , then say dafna the ship will not make it . it will sink . michael I do not think it 's sink ; it 's stick . but it will not make it ; I agree with you on that . [ he be quiet for a moment ] maybe it 's better that it sink . silence . dafna watch Michael 's finger as he roll with surprising skill . dafna [ impress ] such a pro ! michael some thing you do not forget . dafna like swim ; or riding a bicycle . like the salty smell of the sea in we rooftop apartment . he light the joint . she smoke , be silent for a moment , then say dafna like my son 's birthday . a long camera move leave they . a gentle breeze creep into the soundtrack . we come closer to the draw and enter into it . 101 . simple animation : the ship sound its muffle siren , start sink into the mud . a muffle " bloop " and the mud swallow it . a bubble of air burst , a last wisp of smoke . the title the 92 end rise from the horizon and go out of the body of the frame . 102 . interior / kitchen / night we come close to Michael . he stare at the draw and smile like a fascinate child . dafna' voice remember what the rabbi say at the funeral ? Michael detach himself from the draw and look toward she . her look become veile , she smile relaxed . dafna ( continue while take off she sweater . she be hot ) '' any idf soldier who 's kill automatically become a angel . " ( chuckle ) a cute angel that the fairy fight over . ( laugh softly ) he 's probably party now . he 's have a.. spiritual multi orgasm . laughter . they laughter be quiet but relaxed . suddenly dafna get up , go to the refrigerator , remove a envelope stick on with a magnet , and continue dafna ( during she action ) which remind I , we be invite to a ceremony at the Ministry of Defense . they engrave he name on some memorial wall along with all the other ... '' fall , " that 's how they call they . it cover up the blood on they suit . ( chuckle to herself ) there 's no mud there , that 's for sure . but there 's no shortage of blood . she take the invitation out of the envelope and start read out loud , intersperse with giggle . 93 dafna you be hereby invite to attend the unveil ceremony of the name of you son , sergeant Jonathan feldman of bless memory , who fall during the fulfillment of he duty . see , he fall . he do not die , or be kill . God forbid . fell .. barely get a scratch . ( go back to read ) on the program : word from a representative of the Ministry of Defense . a minute 's silence . the unveil . the national anthem - could not do without that ! and , please note : coffee and cake ! she sit down , stare at the cake and say dafna speak of cake ... she cut the cake into slice . one for he , one for she . they eat in silence . dafna ( while eat ) Young man do not fall . someone push they . the sound of a key in the door . alma' voice ( off -cam ) you will not believe who send I a what app just now . Ariel . yep . wait a second . ( raise she voice ) Mom , I be in a terrible hurry . make I a sandwich with something ... ( returns to she phone call ) thinks he 's , like , cool , the man ... cross the entrance to the kitchen , she eye glue to the cellphone 's screen , enter - leave the frame and talk into she headset . alma '' hi , alma , I be here at nanochka , any chance of you come over ? " she stop abruptly . a short silence . alma 94 I will call you right back . bye . she return to the kitchen 's entrance , smile and say alma hi , dad . Michael smile . now he face soften completely . she disarm he . they have a moment of eye contact . she look at dafna questioningly . dafna smile and shrug . alma continue to smile and say alma you be smoking again . they deny with a smile . they be in a cloud of smoke . her smile widen . alma you have be smoking pot . they eat the cake and smile . alma you have be smoking and now you be have the munchy . dafna want some ? offer she a slice of cake . alma take the cake and sit down on the free chair at the table . they eat in smile silence for a long moment . dafna see they be enjoy it . it make she happy . the dog Max appear suddenly , stop next to dafna with a begging look . she give he a slice and he wolf it down from she palm . a beep . alma lower she eye momentarily to she cellphone , get up and say alma get to run . she pour herself a third of a glass of water , raise it with a small gesture , say alma to Jonathan ! and downs it in one gulp . she turn to leave , stop for a moment in the entrance and say 95 alma you be beautiful when you be together . ( smile and disappear behind the door frame ) bye ... the door close . silence . dafna ( after a long silence ) I keep have the same dream . dinner on a weekday : I , you , alma , and Jonathan . 104a . interior / dine area / night a round dining table . michael , dafna , jonathan , and alma eat . Jonathan with he back to we , dafna and alma to either side , and Michael opposite he . we approach the table in a long , slow movement , lose alma and Michael from the frame , and stay with Jonathan and dafna . dafna 's smile be almost imperceptible , but something shine out of she . we see she over Jonathan 's shoulder while he eat . dafna 's voice enter the soundtrack dafna' voice ( vo continue ) nothing really happen there . Jonathan eat . alma pass he the salt . thing like that , normal thing . but I be happy and do not understand why . I even ask myself , '' why do I suddenly feel so good ? '' and then I wake up , and ... cut 105a . interior / kitchen / night dafna be silent for a moment , then say dafna and lately when I dream about this meal , I be aware that I be in a dream , and instead of ask myself question I simply try to enjoy it . 104b . interior / dine area / night 96 the camera move closer to dafna and leave jonathan 's back out of the frame . dafna' voice ( vo cont . ) but the more I accept that this be a dream , the more distant Jonathan become . not physically , I mean — he 's sit beside I and I can almost touch he . but there 's this sense of endless distance , a sense that he 's unattainable . 105b . interior / kitchen / night dafna look down at the table . her hand be near michael 's . almost touch it . she say dafna that 's why I never try to touch he . I do not want to do anything that might make I wake up . 106 . interior / kitchen / night a long silence . suddenly she start cry , but not dramatically . a small cry . quiet . a moment share with she cry . Michael smile at she . his smile be small and soft . she smile back at he but the tear fall . his smile widen . she laugh a little but also cry a little . wipe the tear on the sleeve of she sweater . dafna you confession for mine ? Michael continue to smile , and say nothing . dafna ( spontaneously ) when I be sixteen I fall in love with my father . I fantasize I be sleep with he , and it shocked I . ( smile ) you turn ! michael I do not say I agree . 97 dafna you do without say it . you turn . Michael take a match out of the matchbox , punch a hole with it in the middle of the matchbox , stick the other end into the pack of cigarettes and join the two box . dafna ( smile ) and in the final of puzzle - solving the winner be ... Michael feldman , 11 year old , who complete a 5,000 piece puzzle of Jerusalem in the record time of ... ( turn question eye to he ) michael six hour . Michael pull out another match and stick it into the filter of a cigarette . michael ... and one second . ( smile ) dafna ( laugh a little ) six hour , lady and gentleman . the Temple mount be in we hand . michael ... and one second . he join the cigarette to the cigarette pack , and within half a minute of impressive handiwork a small tank sit on the table , between crumb of cake , whisky and a ashtray fill with butt . the pack be the body , the matchbox , the turret , and the cigarette , the cannon . dafna smile . her hand pick up the tank and she finger turn the turret ( the matchbox attach to the cigarette pack with the pivot make of a match . ) dafna ( during she action ) wow ... ( with admiration mix with irony ) whenever you do anything , you can be relied on that it will work . dafna set down the tank between herself and Michael , grasp the turret and turn it quickly . the turret 98 complete two and some turn and stop with the cannon ( the cigarette ) aim at Michael . dafna Truth or dare ? michael ( after smile hesitation ) dare. dafna of course . okay ... I dare you , next time to say " Truth . " she turn the turret , it spin , and the cannon stop almost opposite Michael . she turn it a little to aim at Michael . smile ... Michael smile , too and say nothing . just smile . silence . 107a . interior / kitchen / night michael begin to speak . from time to time a freeze image fill the screen , like a short , distant memory fragment . michael on the first day of the Lebanon War we drive on some dirt road . my tank be on the right and another tank , yigal 's tank , be on the leave . he pick up he smartphone and set it to the leave of the tank he build . I be the company commander . ( turn the cannon of he tank to the front ) yigal be under my command . after a few minute the road split into two path . I be to take the one on the right , and yigal 's tank be suppose to take the one on the leave . the route be plan , and we each know where we be and which way turn . but what happen be that just before the split I slowed down and signal yigal to cut in front of I and take my path . I can still remember see he through the dust . 99 107 . insert 1 frozen image of yigal 's gaze through the dust . michael' voice ( vo over the picture ) I could see in he face that he do not understand what I be do . back to the kitchen . Michael 's hand grasp the tank and move it . the tank turn and overtake the smartphone lie next to it . michael' voice ( during this action ) but I be the officer in charge , he commander . so I cut in front of he and get onto he path , and he get onto mine . to this day I do not know why I make that move . a few second later he hit a booby trap and be blow up . everyone there be scream that they be burn up . I do not have the courage to come nearer . I just watch . 108 . interior / kindergarten / day [ flashback ] michael the child stand in the corner . he be face the wall , he back to the other child in the kindergarten . his face show that he 's offended , hurt , and angry . in the soundtrack we hear child 's giggle . michael' voice ( vo cont . ) they scream for a few minute , and I just want they to die already . I could not stand the scream anymore . the child look down and see a snail crawl across the floor . he cover it with he foot and slowly crush it . 107b . interior / kitchen / night back to Michael 's cu michael finally they die . 100 silence ... image ( over the silence ) - a bunch of cheap plastic flower - picture of the Baba sali and other " righteous man " - a woman , beat and bent , seat on a stool in a narrow , crowded kitchen - a hospital bed in a small , poor live room we come closer to a young man with burn on he face , stare straight into the camera . his gaze be direct and quiet . michael' voice ( over the shot of the young man ) only the gunner manage to pull himself out , but he be burn all over . a year later I go to visit he . now he life with he mother in a apartment block . he ask I what happen to yigal outside the turret . why he suddenly turn into you path , that 's what he say to I . " your . " back to Michael in the kitchen I tell he what I tell yigal 's parent . that I do not know . that he cut in front of I . that it happen quickly . just like I say at the inquiry after the war . and to anyone else who ask ... michael ( after a long moment ) but the question haunt I , dafna . it be my first think when I wake up every morning , my last think before I go to sleep . why do I do this ?! why do I turn into he path and send he to mine , to die in my place ? and then , suddenly , you get pregnant . it be like a sign that ... I do not know , that God be forgive I . that it 's over . that my nightmare be over . and I could not let you give up on Jonathan . dafna look at he tenderly . her eye glitter . 101 michael but you be wrong , too , dafna . when you open that window and be flood with the scent of the sea and think you be go to be happy , that you you be just at the beginning . because that little moment be not the beginning of a big , true happiness that be about to enter into you life ; it be the happiness itself . a tiny moment ; that 's all . 109 . interior / kitchen / night dafna lately I have be listen to the cassette full of love song . remember that tape that you make for I when you fall in love with I and do not know how to say it ? he smile , he eye moist . she bend over slightly , push the button on a cassette player that sit on the corner of the table . Joe cocker 's " you be so beautiful , " in poor quality . 110a . interior -exterior / view from a moving vehicle / early evening the song play on . View through the cab of the truck . a narrow road and a thick veil of fog . a long drive . a skinny cow suddenly appear from the fog , stand on the road , stare at the truck hurtle towards she . 104b . exterior / road , mud and fog / early evening thick fog . slow motion . the truck brake with a screech , skid , come off the road and overturn . we do not hear the noise of the crash , just the song . the truck roll until it stop in the corner of the screen : batter and still . the cow be leave stand on the road in the same spot , with the same indifferent look . the song continue . a dim orange sun peek out from the fog . 102 111 . interior / kitchen / night the song be in its last quarter . Michael and dafna stand face each other in the middle of the kitchen , close against each other , barely move . just breathe each other in , and embrace , she stroke he head and he shrink into she embrace . the song end . they stay close together in a embrace . a long , silent moment . michael ( in a whisper ) there 's a dance that go like this , look . take one step forward and say michael forward . another step . michael forward . half a step sideways and a quick close . michael to the right , and stop . now the same but the opposite : backward , backward , to the leave and stop . it 's simple , you see . no matter where you go , you will always end up exactly where you start out . one , two , to the right , and stop . back , two , to the leave , and stop . they start dance with endear clumsiness . Michael whisper the beat for a few more moment , then be still . they dance the foxtrot in silence . CUT to black . end