fracture written by Dan pyne current revision by Glenn ger January 6 , 2005 credit sequence : extreme close -up a unfinish mechanical device : a scaffold of thin metal pipe , lever , pulley , wiring , serve-motor . thomas crawford work on it : in he 40s , well - dress but in disarray , gray stubble , hair and clothes unkempt . magnify glass distort he eye , make they huge and strange . he set aside a tool , take a marble - size ball - bear and drop it into a slot at the top of the device . his enlarge eye follow the metal ball - - as it roll and flip and spiral through a rube-goldberg - style maze , set off bell , click past turnstile - - then miss a leap and clatter across the work - table . eye on the device , Crawford 's hand trap the ball . he stay still , analyze . he select a tiny screwdriver from a neat array of metal - work and electronics tool . make a miniscule adjustment to a single joint . drop in another ball . it roll and flip and spiral all the way down . Crawford do not react . just study the machine . behind he , on a desk : a frame photograph of a beautiful woman in she mid-30s . his wife . int . luxury beach -hotel room - the same time jennifer crawford be just reach orgasm - - with rob nunally : mid-30s , good-look , aging -boyish . they clutch each other , shudder , lose in passion . and then , breathe heavily , caress each other - nunally roll off she - slowly come back to earth . Jennifer study she lover , a quiet play of relief and gratitude and satisfaction on she face - - darken by a troubled distance , maybe even fear . she be , after all , have a affair . 2 int . crawford office - day Crawford stare through the grotesque lense , motionless , expressionless . he take a deep breath and check he watch . then he stand , remove the glass . we now see he office : large , austere . Decor and equipment related to aircraft engineering . outside big window , jet take off from a industrial airstrip . Crawford get a brand - new bottle of Jack Daniels from a desk drawer , uncap it and swig as he open the door to a private bathroom . he gargle , spit into the sink . he pour out more , then put the half - empty bottle back on he desk . he collect a home - make device from the workbench : it look like a pda connect by wire to a blank credit card . he put it in the pocket of he suit jacket , which he set on the desk . adjust the placement of the open bottle , nearby . Crawford go to a light - box , study a set of large x-ray : dark strip of welding in a grayish fuzz of metal . tina , he assistant , appear in the doorway . tina the n.t.s.b. guy be here . crawford ( do not look up ) yep . she hesitates a second , glance at the bottle . Crawford ignore she , pull a x-ray off the light - box and grab he jacket - - which knock over the bottle . it skitter across the desk , liquor spilling . Crawford just walk out past Tina . int . airplane hanger - soon after the twisted , tear and burn wreckage of a large private jet be be reassemble on the big empty concrete floor . 3 n.t.s.b. investigator in shirtsleeve and aircraft company executive in suit cluster around work - board cover with photograph and diagram of a crash site . they look up , fall silent , as Crawford come in carry the x-ray . a few exchange surprised , concerned glance ; this be not a man who skip a shave . but when he get to they , Crawford be laser - like - hold the x-ray and point to a spot three inch above it : crawford it 's here . he hand a startle investigator the film and stride off toward the giant open door out to the airfield . his foot knock a piece of the carefully - laid - out wreckage in pass ; it clatter across the concrete , but Crawford do not slow or look back . int . luxury beach -hotel room - soon after Rob be still in the bed , naked under the sheet - watch Jennifer adjust the strap of she bathing suit . rob what about dinner tonight ? she look at he , surprised . smile , come to sit beside he . gently : jennifer we go out to dinner - we might never come back . beat . Rob nod . rob okay . ( beat ) I want to wake up with you . I want to ... he grope for word , but it 's too big and he relent - scale back , sighing : rob ... at least see where you live . she regards he tenderly , feel the same reckless yearn . but also fear . she rub he hair . 4 jennifer I live ... here . she lean over to kiss he delicately on the lip . ext . santa monica STREET - day a black porsche speed down a quiet street near the beach , pull into a parking space . Crawford get out , go to a pay phone . he put he cell phone on top of it , drop in some change and dial . operator ( on phone ) l.a.p.d. crawford Lieutenant nunally , please . he listen to hold music and check the time . operator ( on phone ) he do not come on till six . you want he voice mail ? crawford no . thank you . ( beat ) I will see he later . he hang up , grab he cell , and take off down the sidewalk . int . HOTEL lobby - day Crawford enter . he know where he 's go - past the front desk and outside to the - ext . HOTEL pool - day Jennifer swim lap with strong , even stroke . Rob be enjoy the sun in a lounge chair . Crawford eye they as he pass on the other side of a low fence . unnotice , he head upstairs . 5 int . HOTEL corridor - day Crawford stop at a room with a do not disturb sign on the knob . he take out he pda - device and slide its card into the key-card slot of the lock . the lock click to green . int . HOTEL room - day Crawford enter , quietly close the door behind he . he just stand there , take it all in . the unmade bed , the rip -open condom packet , the clothes on the floor . he be silent . very still . ext . crawford STREET - later Jennifer drive she mercede convertible past expensive house in the late-afternoon light . she go up the driveway of the crawford ' stark mordern home . across the street , mr. gifford be play catch with he grandson . he wave to Jennifer . she wave back , friendly but distract , on she way to the front door . int . crawford house - live room - continuous cold. elegant . Metal planter with bamboo tree . Glass door out to a back garden . a fire in the fireplace . in a corner be another of Crawford 's rube goldbergs - this one the size of a refrigerator . on a coffee table in the center of the room , a big wooden bowl of ball - bearing . Jennifer hurry in , drop she key on a table and - - freeze , startle . Crawford wait in the center of the room ; despite the outer " disarray " , he be calm and focus . jennifer you be - home early . 6 crawford I just feel a sudden urge . jennifer be you ... okay ? Crawford shrug , smile strangely . he look pain . crawford I could use a hug . Jennifer submit guiltily . Crawford embrace she , tight . she wait it out , until : jennifer have you be drink ? he let go and she step back . study he . scare . crawford I have be watch you sleep . at night . jennifer ( gently ) that 's creepy . crawford sometimes when I be at work , I will start think about you and I will just get - just - overwhelm . jennifer Tommy - crawford it 's a dense , crush - geophysical force . like I be pin . at the core - where thing change . ( beat ) you ever get that way about I , Jen ? jennifer what be you talk about ? crawford I be try to describe my feeling . jennifer that do not sound like feeling . 7 crawford no ? ( beat ) what 's the sound of one feel ... in a forest ? jennifer you think you be so much smarter than I be . that must make you feel very powerful . crawford helpless , actually . silence . jennifer okay . maybe it 's time to really talk . crawford no . jennifer no ? he shake he head . frayed and wear , she sigh . jennifer Fine . whatever . I will make you some dinner . he watch she turn and head for the kitchen . to she back : crawford I know . everything . she stop , exhales . look down . afraid . grateful it 's happen at last . jennifer I be so sorry . crawford do not be . knowledge be pain . I be use to that . Jennifer wince , feel some sympathy . prepare herself to turn and end it , to grow , to move on . crawford it 's not like I do not let little pleasure , in return for the pain . 8 she frown and turn - and she eye go big with fear . Crawford be hold a semi-automatic pistol , aim at she face . very still . the gunshot explode out of the muzzle - bright , harsh , loud . ext . gifford house - front yard - continuous gifford and he grandson turn to look at the Crawford house . int . crawford house - live room - continuous Crawford stand , tilting he head to watch the slow hypnotic curl of smoke leak from the gun in he extend hand . the hand , we might notice now , wear a surgical glove . he lower the gun , bend to pick up the eject shell - case from the floor . he wipe it and toss it aside , on he way to Jennifer . he stand look down at she : face - up on the floor , head in a small pool of blood , eye and mouth open . the doorbell ring . ext . crawford house - continuous gifford lean on the frost - glass panel next to the door - hand cup around he eye , try to see in . gifford Tom ? Jen ? everything okay in there ? int . crawford foyer - continuous Crawford step in from the live room . crawford everybody just leave US alone ! he calmly aim up at the frost - glass transom and fire three time - watch gifford fling himself away . Crawford collect the shell casing , wipe they , drop they back on the floor . peel off the rubber glove , he cross to the fireplace and throw they into the flame . they curl and blacken . 9 Crawford watch , expressionless - then look around , satisfied . wait . ext . crawford STREET - dusk helicopter overhead , swat team set up . nearby house have be emptied , gawk neighbor and media van move back to a block away . uniform cop pull aside the barrier as a plain - wrap sedan roll through . it pull up by the swat Command truck . rob nunally get out , surveying the scene . the guy who spend he afternoon with Jennifer Crawford in the hotel be a l.a.p.d. detective . swat commander you the negotiator ? nunally yeah . what do we know ? int . crawford house - soon after Crawford wait , with the gun . the phone ring . he pick up : crawford yes ? intercut with : ext . crawford STREET - continuous nunally be stand by the open trunk of he sedan , wear a kevlar vest now - put on he shoulder - holster over it . into he cell - phone : nunally Mr. Crawford ? crawford who be this ? nunally my name be Lieutenant Robert nunally . I be a hostage negotiator for the Los - Crawford hang up . thoughtful . 10 nunally Mr. Crawford ? nunally grimace , shut he phone , shaking he head . but then he turn - with the swat Commander and everyone else - - as Crawford 's front door unlock and open a few inch . nunally consider this , look at the swat commander . nunally okay then . here we go . he pull he suit jacket back on , then reach into the trunk for he back - up gun . he tuck it into the back of he belt , conceal under the jacket . he take a walkie-talkie and start for the house . the spectator fall silent . radios crackle and hiss as he head up the driveway . int . crawford house - continuous Crawford watch nunally 's silhouette appear on the frost glass , from across the live room . nunally ( o.s. ) Mr. Crawford ? the door push open very slowly . nunally stay in the doorway . nunally hey . Crawford study he , stay back . crawford get rid of the vampire . nunally be confuse ; Crawford gesture at the flood - light lawn outside . nunally glance back , see the swat team and - down the street - the distant barricade , the media . he nod , step in and let the door shut . careful silence . crawford do I call you Rob ? nunally if you want . 11 crawford not vampire . nunally what ? crawford not vampire . ghoul . sorry . nunally nod , humoring he , glance around . see the small pool of blood where Jennifer fall . Plays it cool . nunally Mr. Crawford , what do you say you give I the gun - so I can pay more attention to what you be say ? Crawford sigh . crawford be that you best shot ? ( beat ) so to speak . nunally I just think - maybe it would - crawford tell you what : I will if you will . nunally frown , wary . Crawford move to the coffee table in the center of the room , hold he gun out over it . crawford we both put down we gun . at the same time . Crawford gesture to a chair across the room - by the foyer door , near nunally . crawford we set they down and step away . ( beat ) then you can " pay more attention " to what I be say . nunally study Crawford ... and the gun , hover above the coffee table . look for a trick , a catch . but there be not one . if Crawford set down he gun and step away , he will be stand in the open center of the room . 12 crawford happy end , then . nunally stare Crawford in the eye - - then slowly take he gun from he shoulder holster . eye on each other from across the room - move very slowly - the two man cautiously set down they gun - - and step away . Crawford smile . nunally smile , too , reassure and false . begins to edge forward - alert to the possibility of a lunge for the gun or have another weapon . but Crawford stay absolutely still . nunally Mr. Crawford , you neighbor mention that you wife - crawford it 's Tom . nunally I be sorry ? crawford you can call I Tom . nunally Tom . you wife . be she here ? crawford yes . Crawford gesture to a library alcove , behind he , out of view . nunally be she all right ? nunally begin to drift slowly to the side , to see . crawford I do not think she be . I shot she , rob. nunally 's nodd , edging to look into the alcove - nunally you shot you wife . 13 crawford it be like I just suddenly - snap . we be argue - and I get the gun . nunally - okay - I hear you - crawford and I shot she in the head . I know it be wrong . ( beat ) be you listen to I ? but nunally be not . he 's freeze - stare , shocked , at the back wall of the alcove - which he can now see . there 's a big frame black - white photograph : a portrait of Jennifer Crawford . nunally oh Jesus Christ . nunally fumble for he walkie-talkie , rush past Crawford toward the alcove - - kneel by Jennifer , who lie , face - up in a red puddle - nunally ( into walkie- talkie ) we need a medic in here ! get the ambulance up ! right now ! now ! now ! nunally feel she neck frantically for a pulse - look in she open , vacant eye for some sign - nunally oh no - God no - I can not - get a - nunally desperately start c.p.r. , he hand get bloody . he stop to check she neck for a pulse now and then - - as Crawford slowly approach from the live room , stand behind nunally . cold . crawford you know , I think I read somewhere that a good place to find a pulse be the femoral artery . it 's on the inner surface of the upper thigh . if you put you finger - you know , right up inside she dress - 14 nunally turn and lunge up , smash a fist into Crawford 's face . Crawford reel backward with nunally - - the two of they fall with nunally on top , beat Crawford furiously , cursing - - as swat cop burst in , grab nunally , drag he back - knock into paramedics try to get to Jennifer - - nunally kick , flail , spitting at Crawford - who 's put face - down on the floor , to get cuffed . nunally pull free from the swat cop , distraught , angry - go to retrieve he gun and shove it in he shoulder - holster , struggle to regain control . paramedic wait a second - she 's not dead ! nunally whirl - everyone freezing , breathless , fall silent . the paramedics kneel around Jennifer work - - as Crawford lie on the floor , stare at he wife . like she 's a machine that defy astronomical odd and refuse to behave accord to he calculation . ext . crawford house - soon after Jennifer 's stretcher be load into a ambulance , door slamm shut and siren kick on - - as Crawford , cuffed behind he back , be push into the back seat of a police car . his eye on the ambulance as it pull away , carry he wife . int . crawford house - soon after a detective use a pencil to lift Crawford 's gun from the coffee table and carefully put it in a evidence bag . nunally stand back , watch the cop and technician work the scene - lose in he thought , shake . swat commander you all right ? nunally " wake " - nod . absently : 15 nunally yeah . I be good . to avoid talk more , he head out to the glaring light and chaos outside . fade out int . willy apartment - the next morning the alarm clock shift to 6:00 be and pop on to local news and traffic - - but the narrow futon bed be already empty . willy slocum work at a laptop on he second - hand desk , light by a solitary lamp . he be in he late - 20 , good-look . short hair , office - pale but athletic , wear mis-match sweat from Eastern Oklahoma State College . he jot a final note , set he yellow legal pad aside . as he go to the closet -size bathroom , pull off he sweatshirt and start the tiny pre-fab shower , we linger on the laptop screen : rental listing for a new apartment . time CUT the bare overhead bulb be on , revealing the concrete floor and paint - plywood wall . his clothes hang neatly on a length of pipe suspend by rope from the expose rafter . Law school text fill cinderblock - and -board shelf . the radio chatter . willy knot a tie in he crisp white collar . time CUT willy methodically pack legal folder from last night 's " homework " into he big , batter briefcase . he have to work to stuff all the file in . he pull on he suit jacket , settles the shoulder , tug at he cuff . uncaps a pen , lean over a one - sentence letter wait on the desk . read it over . as he sign , we glimpse : - hereby give notice that I will be resign my position at the District Attorney 's Office as of novemb - 16 willy savor the moment . then he tuck the letter into a envelope , get the heavy briefcase - go to shut off the light and open the door - - which swing about six inch , then clonk into something . willy grimace . peek out , go to pound on a wall . willy Mrs. demello ? ( beat ) mrs . demello ! you car ! silence . he sigh . shut the door and press a button near the light -switch . there 's mechanical grind noise as the far wall slowly roll up , let in daylight and revealing a alley beyond the hang clothes and cinderblock shelf . he press the garage - door-opener button again , and hurry across the apartment to duck out under the close door . ext . alley - continuous willy straighten and take a breath , re-settling he suit jacket with a irritable glance at he landlady 's car , park sloppily next to the garage , block he door . as he walk away , down the alley , we rise up to reveal the hazy sprawling landscape of L.A. - and the tower of downtown , rise ahead of willy like Oz . willy ( v.o. ) come on , phil : I call you as a courtesy , and you start look to take advantage ? int . willy office - later that morning a ancient fluorescent - light cubby cramme with document , case file , note , reference book . willy on the phone : willy I be not knock it down to a class C . my backlog of open case do not mitigate the fact that you client try to kill he brother - in- law with - oh , right , a " golf accident " ? you client own one golf club and no golf ( more ) 17 willy ( cont would ) ball - and the " accident " take place in the stairway of a illegal after - hour gambling club . yeah , okay - I will see you in court . his cell phone ring . as he get it : willy well , I will not see you in court , but someone from this office will . you take it up with they , I gotta go . ( switch phone ) willy slocum . oh - hey , hi , yes . Assistant District Attorney norman chang ( mid-30s ) throw the door open without look : norman wooton sim ?! willy hold up a finger , talk into he cell : willy no , I do not . wow. okay . norman mouth " wooton sim ?! " repeatedly during : willy no - short notice be ... fine . no , I can . Black tie . sure . what time ? okay . yes . thank she . he hang up , exhales slowly . look at norman . norman wooton - sim ?! wooton sim ?! willy please stop say , " wooton sim " over and over . it 's start to sound like nonsense word . norman you asshole ! willy okay : go back to " wooton sim . " as willy get up and go out , past norman - norman how the hell do you get a job at wooton sim ?! I can not even get a interview ! 18 int . district attorney' office - day norman follow willy out to a central bullpen area where the share administrative assistant work : mona and gladys . norman I have be here five year . I be you supervisor . I graduate usc , summa ! willy we be just go to pretend he 's not talk , okay ? mona norman no problem . I be serious . willy I be really jamme - up all day , and I need to rent a tuxedo - for tonight . norman a tuxedo ?! oh , come on ! you be so full of shit . willy ( jotting note ) there must be a place that do that , right - same day ? I be also gonna need a messenger to bring it here . this be my suit size and my shirt size ... I really appreciate this . mona nod , take note as willy get out a credit card . other ddas be gather to soak up some vicarious kick . mona what 's go on ? willy wooton sim busy a whole lot of seat to this charity opera thing every year , because Bob wooton be the chairman of this committee - norman " Bob " wooton ?! willy ( enjoy , mock -helpless ) it 's what the man tell I to call he . 19 gladys you be gonna need to pick out a style , willy . willy a style . gladys for the tuxedo . willy hesitates , in over he head . a dda helpfully do the travolta finger - in- the-air pose . willy I do not know - I just do not want to look like I be go to the prom . gladys you wanna go classic . fix he up . mona we will get you something classic . ( pick up a ringing phone ) willy slocum 's office . norman make sure it come with cuff -link and knee-pad . willy oh , that 's very nice : it 's good to be back in high school . mona ( hanging up ) willy ? her tone make he - and everyone else - turn . mona God want to see you . willy ( beat ) we God ? mona who art on the eleventh floor . willy , startle , look around . approve nod , raise eyebrow . he tighten he tie and head for the elevator . 20 norman there be no justice ! there be no justice in the city of Los Angeles ! int . lobruto's office - soon after District Attorney joe lobruto , 50 - ish , sit behind a massive oak desk , study a thick file . do not look up as a secretary show willy in . willy hesitates . look around : he 's never be here . flag , wood panell , leather furniture , window overlook the city . finally lobruto look up , take willy in . lobruto William no-middle-initial slocum . willy yes sir . lobruto sit. ( as willy do : ) eighty -four-percent conviction rate . that 's remarkable . willy thank you . lobruto with a case load thirty percent higher than any other first - year dda . ( beat ) of course - you also swap more case than the rest of they put together . willy consider he option . he always do . willy I offer my lose case in exchange for two or three of anyone else 's possible conviction . they could not handle they workload , and I prefer not to lose . lobruto know this ; the question be would willy admit it . lobruto you be go to need a middle initial . 21 willy Sir ? lobruto you be go to wooton sim . willy in two week . lobruto you will be able to afford a better suit . but that guy all play squash and have middle name . they go in for the mother 's maiden name a lot . beat . willy do not like the imply personal judgement , but the only way it show be how calm he stay . willy my mother do not have a maiden name . lobruto nod , unruffled by willy 's hard calm . lobruto so you be a bastard ; sometimes I can be a son-of - a-bitch . maybe you belong here . willy I do not work this hard to stay where I belong . lobruto you be a street - fighter , willy . you should be in court . we can move you up to better case . willy I appreciate the offer . lobruto I do not think so . ( close the file , stand ) well - you get you litigation experience . you chop . and you juicy private sector job . anything else the City of Los Angeles can do for you ? willy 's amused . he stand , too . as they shake hand : 22 willy no , I think that 's everything - thank you . lobruto the offer stand . if you get tired of carry a spear . willy nod - but lobruto note the tiny flicker in he eye : not get it and try to cover . lobruto smile gently . lobruto it 's a opera joke . give my regards to Bob . int . willy office - later willy 's twist in he rent tux , try to adjust a buckle on the side of the vest . the phone ring and he give up , frustrated - push the plastic garment - bag aside to answer - - knock a full cup of take - out coffee on to he chair . which be where he leave he suit . willy freeze . watch the coffee seep into the fabric . into the phone , distract : willy willy slocum . intercut with : int . norman' office - the same time norman 's look at a case file . norman I have get a attempt homicide . conley catch it last night , but he 's hang up in motion with gardner . arraignment in part Seven , at three o'clock . willy Three o'clock be in fifteen minute . norman thank you . what 's the temperature ? 23 willy I can not do it . norman you do still actually work here , willy , right ? I mean , you be still go to be cash you paycheck for another two week and everything ? willy just get somebody else for this one . norman everybody 's book up . look : it 's not go to trial . there 's a weapon with print , and a confession . take the arraignment and wait for the plea . willy ( beat ) a real confession ? norman spontaneous and sign . come on , willy . willy sigh . look down at he coffee-soaked suit . willy okay . here 's the problem . int . norman' office - continuous norman slowly smile , listen . norman you know - I really wish I be go to see this . int . courtroom - later willy slip self - consciously through the double - door , wear the tuxedo . he get even more self - conscious when he notice a handful of local reporter . he hurry in - - pass nunally , in the back row . nunally be make a good show of keep it together ... but it 's only a show . judge irene feldman , 50 - ish , look over she half - glass . 24 judge feldman Mr. slocum . Nice to see a man who dress for court . willy sorry , you honor . Long story . willy , hurry to prosecution table , barely glance at the Defense table - - but Crawford , sit beside he public defender in a orange jumpsuit and handcuffs , never take he eye off willy , intrigue . judge feldman grapevine have it the punch -line be wooton sim . willy yes , mar 'am . judge feldman good for you , double - oh-seven . ( signale the bailiff ) let 's see what public service be offer you by way of a send - off : bailiff the State of California versus Thomas Crawford . the Defense rise ; Crawford hardly pay any attention to the judge - glance back and notice nunally , whose eye bore into he , haunt and burn . Crawford stare at he impassively a second , then turn to lean past he p.d. and watch willy hastily skim the file . judge Mr. Crawford , you have be charge with section 664 slash 187 of the California penal code : attempt murder , with additional allegation of assault with a deadly weapon - penal code section 245 dash a2 , with great bodily injury , p.c. section 12022.07 . ( beat ) do you waive further read of the complaint and complete statement of rights ? 25 p.d. crawford ( sotto ) I do . but , you honor - you do . judge feldman and do you wish to enter a plea at this time ? crawford not guilty . but I also want to waive my right to counsel , and represent myself . willy look up from the file - startle . judge feldman do you have a problem with you appoint counsel , Mr. Crawford ? crawford no . I just want to do it myself . I believe it 's within my rights . p.d. you honor , if I could have a moment with my client - crawford I be not you client . try and keep up , would you ? the p.d. shut up , take aback . the judge consider Crawford , thoughtful , then turn to willy . judge feldman do the people have a objection or a comment for the record , Mr. slocum ? willy hesitates , hold by Crawford 's strange , amused gaze . shake it off : willy I be sorry , you honor : we have get the weapon and a sign confession . I really think Mr. Crawford need a competent attorney to - frankly - negotiate a plea . Crawford reach up with cuffed hand and adjust a imaginary bow -tie . willy self - consciously touch where Crawford indicate on he own collar , straighten he clip - on . 26 Crawford nod : you be welcome . willy turn to the judge . willy I - can not - this be suppose to be - with a pro se defendant , this be go to drag out for month - and I be not even go to be here . the people request a continuance to - crawford Excuse I ? you honor ? I be willing to waive my right to a preliminary hearing and go directly to a jury trial . ( to willy ) do that help ? judge you do not need to look out for Mr. slocum , Mr. Crawford . the District Attorney 's office can shift another prosecutor to the case - crawford no , I like Mr. slocum . beat . judge feldman Mr. slocum ? he like you . willy terrific . judge feldman Mr. Crawford seem to understand he rights and responsibility . willy all due respect , you honor , I be worried this may turn into some sort of a - circus - judge feldman I appreciate you concern for the dignity of my courtroom , Mr. slocum - consider you be make the argument dress as a game - show host . unfortunately , the man be a tax - pay citizen , entitle by we constitution to try and manipulate the legal system , like everybody else . ( turn ) ( more ) 27 judge feldman ( cont would ) as for you , Mr. Crawford , I strongly urge you to retain counsel . lack of same will not be grounds for appeal . crawford I understand . thank you . judge feldman be the people ready to go to trial without a preliminary hearing ? willy hesitates , irritate . look through the file again . check Crawford - wait , polite . willy sure . why not . Crawford smile at he , as the judge open she calendar . int . parking structure - later willy , in he tux , come out of a staircase and stop . Rob nunally be wait by willy 's park car . nunally you be suppose to be good . willy take he in - wary , see a edge of anger and fear beneath the tough control cop manner . willy be that what I be suppose to be ? nunally I ask around . you be suppose to be top-notch - but to I it look like you have get one foot out the door , and you be wiping the rest of we off the bottom of the other one . willy I be sorry to ... disappoint you . nunally be silent - frustrated . the concrete wall and ceiling echo from distant car . nunally I take Crawford 's confession . willy and now you want mine ? 28 nunally I be here to warn you . take this seriously , because it 's serious . this guy be stone cold - and he wife - be lie in a hospital bed - with brain damage ... he struggle to keep himself under control . willy be you all right ? nunally be you gonna be on this , or what ? willy yeah . I be on it . ( gently ) you get a confession . you take the gun out of he hand . it 's do . nunally I be just - tell you . be that okay ? or be you too friggin ' busy ?! willy no . it 's okay . willy wait . watch the torture cop wrestle with demon . nunally forget it . ( beat ) it 's a lock . we be good . put he down . bury he . willy nod . nunally turn and walk away , down a ramp . willy watch he go . sad . like he 's watch nunally drow . but he 's see people drow before ... and he 's not about to put out a hand . might get pull in himself . int . chandler pavilion - lobby - later willy move uneasily among cluster of laugh , chat , sparkling formal - dressed people . nikki gardner join he , strolling alongside . she 's he age , but she elegant dress , unlike he tux , be make for she . nikki be you a shark ? 29 willy sorry ? nikki you have be circle the lobby for half - an- hour now , like if you stop you would die . willy if I stop , I would be stand around with no one to talk to . at which point , death would be a relief . nikki why do not you talk to Bob ? willy stop walk , get a little careful . willy " Bob " be talk to the Governor . ( beat ) do I know you ? she put a hand out , gently amused . nikki nikki gardner . senior associate , wooton sim . willy ( shake ) oh - hey , hi . it be you office that call , with the invitation . nikki on Bob 's order . willy listen , I do not ... actually know " Bob . " I mean , I have only meet the man once . nikki nod , consider this . and he . nikki interesting . they be each conscious of a unexpected buzz of attraction . the lobby light flicker , break the spell a little . as the crowd begin to drift toward the auditorium door : nikki you like opera ? 30 willy Truth be , I have not really have that much expos - nikki neither do i. with a conspiratorial head - tip , nikki move toward the plaza door . willy follow . ext . art CENTER - soon after they stroll the empty plaza , dress to the nine . nikki Bob assign you to my team . I will supervise you case - work , steer you through the office arcana , and generally keep a eye on you . willy kind of like a mentor . nikki kind of like a probation officer . beat . willy nod , meeting nikki 's gaze as she look to make sure he 's get it . willy okay . nikki wooton sim expect absolute loyalty and a hundred - and - ten-percent performance . but : you get to work on legendary litigation . National , sometimes global , in scope . it 's high - stake . and cut - throat - even within the team . we burn out associate at a astonish rate . willy you be try to scare I . nikki yes . willy you be go to have to try harder . she stop walk . study willy . 31 nikki can I ask you something personal ? willy sure . nikki who be you ? willy do not answer . maybe uncertain what she mean . maybe not want she to know . or even not know , himself . nikki we have a guy in we criminal division , fresh out of Yale , name calvin Tyler . one of we very rich client get pull over , d.u.i. - which be routine bullshit , so calvin get it . against you . next thing we know , calvin be fire , and Bob wooton , who have never even interview a junior associate before - let alone hire one - say you be on my team . willy weigh he option . decide to level : willy it be a good bust , so calvin come to I for a deal . I tell he if he could arrange a interview for I with Mr. wooton , I would throw the case . I laid out he argument and evidence for he - and I show he how I would lose . calvin set up my appointment for the day after we court date . then he do what I have suggest in court - and I wipe the floor with he . you client get the maximum . next day , I meet with Mr. wooton . ( shrug ) bob. beat . nikki wow . you know what 's brilliant about that ? willy yes . 32 nikki you do not actually do anything all that wrong . willy well - I be not entirely honest with calvin . his cell - phone ring . he ignore it . nikki you gonna get that ? willy everyone I need to talk to be here . they be both feel the electricity in the air between they . they wait the phone out , enjoy the forbidden insanity of it . but then : nikki we need to talk about you transition timetable . willy all right . nikki Bob believe in trial - by-fire . he want you up - to-speed two week from Tuesday , because we be get on a plane to Chicago for deposition in a class -action against we biggest client , armstead pharmaceutical . willy no problem . she study willy , try to make sure he understand : nikki that 's catch - up on three year ' work - and you have not close out you old job yet . willy I be good at trial . even by fire . beat . nikki you know , a little bit of fear can be a very healthy thing to have . 33 willy I be look forward to when I can afford the luxury of have some . nikki sigh , smile . enjoy he , somewhat reluctantly . nikki I will have they put the armstead material in you new office . willy thanks . boss . he watch she head off into the night . he remain , alone , in he tuxedo , look at the elegant glitter art plaza . then he check he cell - phone . dial . intercut with : int . forensics lab - later marchand , senior s.i.d. ( scene investigation division ) tech , work as he talk into a speaker - phone . he and willy have team - up often , and a underlying respect let they mock each other . marchand marchand . willy it 's willy slocum . what 's up ? marchand you gun in that palisade shoot be no good . willy how can the gun be " no good " ? marchand it 's a perfectly good weapon . a heckler &amp ; koch nine-millimeter . it 's just no good as evidence . it 's never be fire . willy it 's the gun from the scene ? 34 marchand yep . buy by Mr. Thomas Crawford and register to he wife , about a month ago . apparently a gift . willy and between the shoot and arrest , this guy be lock inside he house . marchand be that a question ? willy no , I mean , just : what 's the point ? play game with the gun . he 's alone in the house with the victim , and he confess - it 's not like the gun 's gonna get he off the hook . marchand do you have a question I can answer ? beat . willy shake the puzzle off , irritate : willy look , we weapon be in that house somewhere . get a team out to search it tomorrow morning . marchand ya think ? willy ( sigh , smile ) thank you . he shut the phone . take a moment , look around again at where he be . absently tug at he tie and vest , let the case go . head in to the opera . int . willy office - a week later control chaos . a week 's work have emptied the shelf and clear the surface , but the file - cabinet drawer be all half - open : willy sort folder , neatly mark and pack they . White " tran - file " storage box be pile all over . messenger ( o.s. ) slocum ? willy look up , at a messenger with another file box . 35 willy yeah . messenger where do you want it ? willy the idea here be we be try to take box out - not bring more in . messenger be that the idea ? willy sourly gesture to a chair ; check the label as the Messenger set it down - willy whoa - wait a second , this be a screw - up . I already have this document . I send this box : to the defendant , at County . messenger I pick up at County . slip say bring them here . Messenger hold out a clipboard . willy reluctantly sign . as the Messenger leave , willy cut the tape and take out a folder . open it : Crawford have scrawle no in red marker across the top sheet . willy turn to the next page . a big red no across that , too . pull out more document - flip through : no - no - no - no - red letter wriggle across the type page , like flip - book animation . beat . disturb , he pick up the phone , dial . intercut with : int . crawford house - the same time s.i.d. tech be take the place apart : open hvac vent , pull book off shelf , upend chair and table , remove drawer from cabinet . marchand , supervise , answer he cell - phone : marchand marchand . 36 willy where be we on this gun ? marchand we can not find it , willy . willy I be in trial on Monday . marchand I know . I do not know what to tell you . I be there now . willy you say you would get a team out a week ago - marchand I be here now . my team have be here twice already . ( beat ) do you really need it ? willy do I need it ?! the weapon ?! he take a second . sigh , exasperate - but honest : willy I do not know . probably not . defendant 's a whack - job . marchand he go pro se , right ? willy yeah . just when you think they be not really stupid , they defend themselves . marchand you have get a confession and a airtight bunch of circumstantial . ( apologetic ) we have go over this place top - to - bottom three time now , willy . willy take a breath . thinks it through . willy yeah , okay . do not worry about it . ( beat ) sorry - get a lot go on . 37 marchand must be rough , figure out what you be gonna do with all that money . willy hey , I have to sit through a opera last week . marchand oh gee - lemme see if I can express how much sympathy I have : marchand snap he phone shut . willy smile , hang up . but then he smile fade , as he glance down again at Crawford 's box of papers . hundred of page . every single one scrawle no . willy consider they . int . county jail - interrogation room - later Metal chair . bad light . Crawford sit , cuffed , at a table , wait . look up as the door unlock . a guard let willy in , lock the door behind he . Crawford watch willy take a legal pad , file , pen from he briefcase , set they on the table . crawford how 's my wife ? willy I do not know . crawford I hear somewhere , I think it be on n.p.r. , that you be suppose to talk to people in a coma . play they favorite music . supposedly it reach they . willy , now ready , let Crawford study he . crawford you represent Jennifer . the voice of the victim , judicially speak . but you have not go to see she ? 38 willy not yet . crawford too busy get up to speed on armstead pharmaceutical ? beat . willy I beg you pardon ? crawford I be not judge you . I think anyone - come from ... what you come from - then pay you way through East -okie cowshit College and Tulsa Law by write papers for Princeton kid on the internet - my God , it must have eat you liver ! sixty - thousand dollar in debt , eighty - four percent conviction rate : you deserve this . willy try to stay in control . willy what the hell have you be do . crawford I be permit the use of a private investigator . willy not to investigate I ! crawford why not ? you be investigate I . willy you shot you wife . crawford allegedly . that 's how it work , right ? if I can not introduce something in court as evidence - it do not exist . legally . willy look - I do not want to play game with you . crawford I be afraid you have to . 39 beat . willy reconstruct he formal cool . take some page scrawle no from a folder , push they across the table . willy be this some form of - communication ? crawford you send I a box of papers . willy it 's call Discovery . the State have a legal obliga - crawford there 's nothing in it , willy . you have not ' discover ' anything . have you find the gun ? beat . willy not yet . crawford no. ( beat ) do it bother you that I call you willy ? willy ( lies ) no. Crawford nod . please . leans forward . crawford I would like you to consider become my lawyer . I will pay you . a lot of money . willy I be - prosecute you . crawford yeah , but I be offer you a chance to get on the right side of this whole mess while you still can . willy be you out of you mind ? 40 crawford I think - on advice of counsel - I will decline to answer that one . willy study he . decide : it 's a elaborate act . begins to put away he papers . willy I do not need the gun to convict you , by the way . crawford she be cheating , you know . willy look at he , slightly take aback . he do not know ; it be not in the confession . as he consider whether it make a difference - he notice Crawford watch , enjoy . willy shut he briefcase . willy it do not matter what she do ... Tom . what you do be a crime . crawford perhaps . but - maybe my so-called peer will look at I and see themselves . betray . frustrate . humiliate . and you and I both know , willy , that people have a infinite capacity for believe in they own innocence . willy great . take the stand . tell you story . I would appreciate it . crawford not to mention the fact you have no actual evidence connect I to the crime . willy smile , get up . willy except you confession . Crawford watch he go to the door . crawford my grandfather be a egg farmer . willy stop , annoyed . 41 willy be this gonna be about how you have a rough childhood ? crawford I use to candle egg at he farm . you know what that be ? you hold a egg up to a light , and look for imperfection . ( beat ) the first time I do it , he tell I to put the one that be crack or flaw in a bucket - for the bakery . ( beat ) he come back a hour later and there be three hundred egg in the bakery bucket . he ask I what the hell I be do . ( beat ) I find a flaw in every single one . thin place in the shell , minuscule crack . ( smile ) look closely enough and you will find everything have a weak spot ... where it can break . willy look for mine ? crawford no , I have find yours . willy illuminate I . Crawford consider how to put it . crawford you be a winner , willy . silence . willy push the call - button by the door . willy huh . well . joke 's on I then , I guess . crawford yes . it be . willy I will see you in court , Mr. Crawford . 42 the door unlock . Crawford wink . willy hesitates for a second - then leave . int . wooton , sim - empty office - later it 's big . it 's get a window . it 's get a sofa . undecorate , except for a pile of material &amp ; box mark armstead pharmaceutical . willy be fill out form - tax , citizenship , benefit . he do not notice nikki when she come to the door . nikki make sure you sign the one with the devil in blood . it 's not bind otherwise . he look up , smile . willy just want to be ready for Chicago . I be all close - out , downtown . last trial start Monday . beat . not pleased : nikki you have get a trial Monday ? willy yeah : attempt murder . nikki that give you three day . you tell I - and I tell Bob - that you would be ready to hit the ground r- willy the man confess . and he 's pro se . nikki willy , some but act as he own lawyer - he could drag it out for month ! willy you want to hear he witness list ? nikki nod . willy be silent . she frown . 43 nikki no witness ? willy lean in , enjoy this part - analyze , even admire , Crawford 's ploy : willy it 's kind of clever : this guy be try to provoke the system into declare he insane . I think he think we will call in the doctor and he can fake them out by refuse the defense . he 's act out this really - organize plan to appear crazy . beat . nikki consider willy . nikki you be gonna miss be in court , be not you ? he study she , confident . gesture to the stack of armstead material : willy I be almost halfway through this . and I think I have already find about six disqualifier in delaware , Ohio , and Florida . I have to check case law in each state , but it look good . I will get the rest do over the long weekend . nikki sigh , smile a little , against she will . he 's win she over ... again . willy shrug , grin . in the silence , the impossible electricity return . after a moment - to defuse it : nikki you do not go home for Thanksgiving ? slight beat . willy no . she study he a moment , thoughtful . careful . nikki if you want - you be welcome at mine . my family 's . 44 willy really ? she nod . smiling a little , know she family and start to know willy : nikki I think it would be interesting . beat . willy yeah . okay , thank you . nikki cool. beat . she leave . willy do not go back to work right away . int . courtroom - the next day judge robinson preside . a mid-size crowd , include a few reporter . a uniform cop be in the witness box , willy stand in the prosecution table . uniform cop we establish a perimeter around the house and then wait for swat and the negotiator . it be strictly by the book . willy so the house be completely surround within how long of the first shot ? Crawford sit alone at the Defense table . he wear a expensive suit and no handcuffs , but two deputy sit behind he . he 's barely listen to the testimony - draw on he legal pad : intricate , dense complex diagram of " rube Goldberg " contraption . uniform cop maybe ten minute . willy and when you arrive at the sc- Crawford noisily tear a page off he pad . look up - see willy , and everyone else , turn to he . crawford sorry . 45 willy sigh , return to the cop . willy when you arrive on the scene , be there a crowd ? uniform cop oh yeah . neighbor , come out to look soon as it start . willy and from what you could ascertain , no one go into or come out of the house until swat and the negotiator arrive ? uniform cop definitely not . willy thank you . no further question . judge robinson Mr. Crawford ? Crawford look up from he draw . crawford what ? judge robinson you witness , Mr. Crawford . Crawford take in the uniform cop . crawford no question for this witness . willy watch Crawford return diligently to he doodle . dissolve to : close - up : the defense table - later that afternoon it 's a mess of loose legal - pad page tear from Crawford 's pad , each cover in madly intricate schematics . he work on yet another , head down , intent . Dr. marion kang be on the stand , use a marker on a big diagram of a head : 46 dr . kang - through the frontal cortex and the temporal lobe , come to rest against the back of the skull . willy so this bullet inflicted serious injury ? dr . kang it inflicted serious and irreparable injury . willy nod , allow the jury time on this . he check a note - card , glance at Crawford . consider he option . willy Dr. kang , be it safe to say that someone inflict this kind of wound intend to kill ? judge Robinson give willy a warning look . judge robinson Mr. Crawford , you might want to object . the witness can not know you state of mind . Crawford do not even look up from he draw . crawford no thank you , you honor . willy give judge Robinson a i-told - you - so shrug . turn to Dr. kang . kang I would say so , yes . willy thank you , Dr. kang . Crawford tear off the page , start another . int . courtroom - later nunally on the stand . focus , professional . Crawford draw , ignore he . willy so after you put down you gun , what do Mr. Crawford do ? 47 nunally he confess to shoot he wife . willy he confess . ( beat ) do Mr. Crawford appear confuse or in any way intoxicate , impair ? nunally no . not at all . he know what be go on . willy what do Mr. Crawford say ? nunally look at Crawford , enjoy the fatal blow : nunally he say , " I get the gun and I shot my wife . God help I , I shot she in the head . I know it be wrong . " crawford ( low , still draw ) objection . everyone turn , surprised . judge robinson I be sorry - Mr. Crawford , do you say something ? Crawford set aside he pen for the first time . look up . crawford yes . I want to object . judge robinson on what grounds ? crawford I do not know . willy you honor - crawford I do not know what you would call it . they - it be not the first time , either , but - I do not know the legal term . 48 judge robinson why do not you just explain it in layman 's term . crawford Fucking the victim . uproar in the court . judge robinson Mr. Crawford - crawford you say layman 's term - willy you honor - crawford I be sorry - what would you call it - legally - when the officer who arrest you have be have sexual intercourse with you wife ? utter silence . willy whirl a look at nunally . the cop meet he eye - a deer in headlight . willy ( low ) oh - shit . crawford I think it 's objectionable - maybe I be wrong . willy you honor ... judge robinson detective nunally ? nunally look down , silent . shake he head . crawford Rob ? willy you honor , the people request a - nunally suddenly launch himself over the witness box rail to attack Crawford - as the deputy leap forward to stop he - all of they flail and cursing in a tangle - 49 - spectator scream , flee , gawk . Chaos . int . judge robinson's chamber - soon after the judge grim , willy panicked , Crawford calm . willy he have my witness list . he should have file to suppress . crawford ( shrug ) my mistake . sorry . judge robinson Mr. Crawford , I warn you about represent yourself . crawford what about the fact that it 's true ? I mean , be not that the point here : to get to the truth ? judge robinson Mr. slocum - be it true ? willy I do not know . I only hear about it five minute ago . crawford put he back on the witness stand if you do not believe I . willy we can not put he back on now ! not after what the jury just see . you honor , I tell you this would turn into a circus . first he provoke the witness with a outrageous allegation - crawford my Dick have evidence . the judge and willy look at Crawford like he 's truly insane . judge robinson Excuse I ? crawford my investigator . I call he Dick . I guess I should call he as a rebuttal ( more ) 50 crawford ( cont would ) witness ? he 's get phone record , credit receipt , photograph , videotape - all document the affair . in graphic detail . ( beat . mildly : ) Dick be good . the judge look at willy . this be bad . think fast : willy okay - um : I will stipulate that my witness be less than forthcoming ... and that can more or less cancel out the fact that the defendant withheld a crucial - judge robinson Mr. slocum - you witness be intimate with the victim , and he assault the defendant during the arrest . crawford actually , while obtain my so-called " confession . " willy stare at Crawford , shake . understand the trap . willy no way . you honor - judge robinson he 's get a point . they be alone in the house . the confession be no good . willy oh - come on ! crawford be this a legal argument ? " oh come on " ? willy ( whirl on he ) you want to get into it ?! Crawford raise he eyebrow . awkward silence . willy take a deep breath . turn to the judge . willy sorry . ( beat ) he dictate and sign he confession , after that incident . 51 judge robinson in police custody . arguably , in fear for he life . I be sorry , Mr. slocum - it 's all ' fruit of the taint tree . ' we have to exclude all version of the confession and any evidence collect by Lieutenant nunally or by other police officer on the night he be present . willy this be insane ! crawford it 's biblical , be not it ? the fruit and the tree and - willy he set this up ! do not you see what he 's do ?! judge robinson yes , I do . and I do not like it . but it 's do , so we have to deal with it . crawford do you think I could go home today , you honor ? with Thanksgiving around the corner - judge robinson do not push it , Mr. Crawford . ( beat ) what we be go to do be give Mr. slocum a few day to regroup and come up with new evidence . if he do not - then you can go home . that 's go to put we into the long weekend . we reconvene Monday morning . willy just stand there : blind -side , shell - shocked . Crawford smile at he . int . willy office - that evening the end of a bad , bad day . willy flip on the light as he come in , shake . a package be on the empty desk . address in red marker . the return address : tc , County jail . willy just stand look at it . 52 int . county jail - the same time Crawford sit on the metal bunk in he prison jumpsuit . alone . look down . int . willy office - resume as willy take a letter-opener from the desk drawer - the phone ring . he answer it , eye still on the package : willy willy slocum . intercut with : int . glamorous bar - the same time crowd with upscale young professionals . nikki be on she cell - phone , hand over she other ear : nikki well - you have gotta admire the cleverness of it . willy begin cut open the package as he talk : willy do I ? int . county jail - continuous Crawford very slowly raise he eye , until he be look directly at we . nikki ( v.o. ) come on , willy - give the devil he due . willy ( v.o. ) yeah . I be just try to figure out what that be . int . willy office / glamorous bar - resume nikki okay : then listen - I check with Bob on how he want you to handle this . ( more ) 53 nikki ( cont would ) have lobruto try to take you off the case yet ? willy no . nikki well , he pretty much have to if he 's gonna save any face . so here 's the strategy : you let he . willy cautiously lift the box 's flap - pull aside tissue paper - to reveal : a single eggshell . Broken , empty . willy I let he ? int . county jail - continuous Crawford begin to smile . nikki ( v.o. ) yeah , damage control . stop get you face on tv . as it be , I have to talk Bob down from cancelling you contract . int . willy office / glamorous bar - resume willy be stare down at the break eggshell , barely listen to nikki . nikki ( cont 'd ) but we have get to move fast and get out from under . otherwise , and I quote : " stick a fork in this kid 's ass and turn he over , he 's do . " willy I can not just - walk away . nikki willy : today , you get kill . the issue now be save you new life . willy can not take he eye off Crawford 's " gift . " willy I guess ... that would be the smart way of look at it . 54 int . county jail - continuous Crawford stare right at we . smiling . Ice cold . int . willy office / glamorous bar - resume nikki be sympathetic , misunderstanding willy 's quiet : nikki you want to come out and get drunk ? willy no . thank you . I have get some stuff to take care of . nikki all right . do not beat yourself up . willy I will not . he hang up . consider the empty eggshell . but then he look up : District Attorney lobruto be in he office doorway , try to decide whether to be angry . lobruto you do not look into who the victim be sleep with ? willy burn , ashamed . but unable to admit it . willy he - throw I off . ( frustrate ) look , Crawford know he would be the prime suspect , so he give we everything - but he make it all radioactive . the night this go down , it be over . lobruto but you still walk it into court , willy . we might not have a case ... but it do not have to be a public humiliation for this office and the police department . silence . 55 willy be you take I off ? lobruto you be leave anyway . willy I be start to get a sense of this guy . lobruto that 's not new evidence . willy I can take he now : he think he 's smarter than I be . lobruto it 's not about you , willy . willy yeah , it be . he make it that way . ( show he the egg ) he like I . lobruto what be that - some kind of Oklahoma insult ? willy let I do this . I will not make you look bad . beat . lobruto no . you will not . that 's what I need to make sure you understand . I remove you now : I be cover , I take some action . ( beat ) if you go on with this , when you lose - blame have to come down . and it will come down on you . I will have to investigate you for impropriety , incompetence - anything I can . in public . I will hang you out to dry . for the good of this office . silence . willy if I lose . 56 lobruto what ? willy you say " when . " lobruto grimace . he shake he head . sigh . lobruto all right . it 's yours . willy nod . stubborn . scare . int . motel room - later that night local news on the tv : willy push past media outside the courthouse ; official photo of nunally ; footage from the standoff at Crawford 's . the sound be low , and nunally be not watch . he 's sit on the edge of the bed ... look down at he gun , in he hand . a knock on the door " wake " he . beat . he set the gun aside , go to peek out the curtain . let willy in . willy you be not easy to find . I have to call Internal affair . nunally yeah - they put I on a desk - ' till this get ... sort out . he uncomfortably watch willy glance around at the half - empty liquor bottle , the mismatch suitcase and paper bag full of ball - up clothes . and the gun on the bed . nunally get home - my wife already take the kid to she folk . Press be all over we front lawn . friggin ' vampire . he falter , haunt by the echo . willy do not notice : willy what the hell be you think . you be on the job and you get call to you girlfriend 's house - 57 nunally I do not know it be she house . I would never be there . willy it be she name ! nunally I do not know she name ! willy wait . nunally explain , reluctant to expose himself : nunally no last name . her rule . we meet at the same hotel room , twice a week - no phone call , no question . she do not want we to know too much about each other . she say it be like ... travel in a foreign country . no baggage - from we life . just we . escape . willy do you get the feel she have rule because she have do it before ? with other guy ? nunally no . I do not know . maybe . ( think , remember : ) no . it be all just this ... crazy thing . for both of we . it be ... real . you know ? we do not expect that , when we start . we do not know where it be go . I have cheat so many time , I be numb - but she be ...new . and she make I feel like there be - some chance . to change . we be scared . it be like we be afraid to go forward , but we could not go back . ( beat ) you always think you have time . to work it out . or make thing right . ( angry ) what be I suppose to do ?! willy you be suppose to tell I ! nunally I be marry ! I have kid ! 58 willy you think nobody know - so maybe you could just walk away clean . nunally no ! I do not think he know ! okay ?! even - after . I think it be just - massively foule - up ... bad luck . like - God - tell I - something . ( anguish ) I be there . my mind be go crazy . I know the confession will not hold if anyone find out . ( beat ) I think the guy be a whack ! willy yeah ? well , he 's not . nunally will not look at willy . he just sit there , numb . willy be there anything else you can give I . anything that might get we some evidence . nunally shake he head . willy grimace . go to the door . nunally I ... try to warn you . willy stop . look back . willy you warn I he be smart . you do not warn I you be stupid . nunally wince . take it . willy feel a little badly . two guy in a shabby motel room , in terrible trouble . nunally how do we get the confession back in ? willy we do not . nunally what be you gonna do ? willy shake he head . walk out . 59 int . crawford house - the next day a massive search be under way . marchand 's s.i.d . team have be double , back - up by a dozen sheriff' deputy - - pass hand -held metal detector along the furniture - - take picture down from the wall - - turn over mattress - patting - down every item hang in the closet - - wriggle into crawlspace - poke into light fixture recess into the ceiling - - open the air-condition unit , up on the roof - - rip out Crawford 's high - end home - theater system - - take apart the porsche in the garage . willy pace the edge of the action , restless , edgy . int . crawford house - kitchen - later willy stop in the doorway - watch a deputy shut the stainless - steel freezer , open a wire - glass cabinet and poke around . willy shake the box . deputy huh ? willy the cereal box - shake them . and there 's a chicken in the freezer . thaw it out , check inside . the deputy stare like he 's nut . willy do not blink . the deputy go to shake the box , eye on willy : okay ? willy nod . move on . ext . crawford house - front door - later hour have pass . 60 willy step out of the front door , because he 's go stir - crazy inside . stands watch two tech walk the lawn and flower - bed with metal detector . he notice , past the s.i.d. van and sheriff 's dept. black - and - white park in the driveway : nunally , in he park car , across the street . he meet willy 's eye . worried . willy can not give he any news . so he pretend he do not see the question in nunally 's eye , look away . take a breath , turn and go back in to work . int . crawford house - live room - dusk it 's get dark out . tech pack equipment case , carry they out . the place be a disaster area . marchand watch willy pace the live room . willy the garage ? washer -dryer ? marchand and the tool shed , and the roof , and the h.v.a.c. duct . willy what about the door frame ? the floor ? marchand what do he do : rip open a door frame , hide the gun inside and re-plaster the wall before swat show up ? willy what about the neighbor ' property ? he could have throw it over the hedge . marchand we check . ( beat ) he might have pass it off to somebody , willy . have a accomplice , wait , out the back . willy shake he head , grim . pace . 61 willy this be not a accomplice sort of guy . he slow . look across the room at the big rube Goldberg device . as he move toward it : willy this be a... guy who like to show off . he examine the intricate working , eye travel the clutter of metal and wire and motor . check marchand - who shake he head . willy you sure ? marchand I be sure . willy grimace . fuming , relentless : willy it 's a physical object . it can not just vanish . we be miss something - some step in the story . he begin walk through the crime , " the station of the cross " - re-enact it , start from the front door , methodical , recite it to himself : willy the neighbor see she get home . he 's already inside . she let herself in . a minute or two later : blood - pattern say she 's stand over there - he 's somewhere around here . willy stand where Crawford be . raise a finger - gun . willy boom . as willy go to where Jennifer fall : marchand but then he carry she back there . why ? willy walk along the path define by the drop of blood : 62 willy because he 's gonna need time . to confess . when she 's alone with the cop . willy stop in the alcove , look down at the dry blood , the discard paramedic - supply - wrapper . marchand neighbor come to the door . willy nod , come out - cross to the foyer : willy Crawford shout , " leave we alone " and fire three more round : boom - boom - boom . marchand so everybody know he 's dangerous - and she might still be alive . willy so they will call the negotiator . ( beat ) now he 's get about ten minute . and that 's it . he stand there with the imaginary gun in he hand . look around . try to think like Crawford . he can not . marchand I be sorry , willy . willy will not respond - because accept the apology mean admit he 's get nothing leave . int . crawford house - later it 's night . the house be empty . except for willy , turn on light as he get to each room , turn they off as he leave . willy ( v.o. ) do you dare stay out ? do you dare go in ? study frame photo : Jennifer - now and then with Crawford - in Italy , bermuda , Colorado . always a bit pose and formal when they be together . 63 willy ( v.o. ) and if you go in - should you turn leave or right ? or right and three - quarter ? or maybe not quite . int . crawford house - bathroom - soon after check the content of the medicine cabinet . willy ( v.o. ) you can get so confuse that you will start in to race , down long wiggle road at break - neck pace no longer really look for the gun . he 's look for insight . contact . a way in . int . crawford house - dressing room - soon after willy wander through Jennifer 's spacious dress room . willy ( v.o. ) and grind on for mile across weirdish wild space , headed I fear , toward a most useless place . he idly survey the vanity , cluttere with cosmetics , skin - care product . lift she perfume , sniff . willy ( v.o. ) the wait place ... for people just wait . wait for a train to go or a bus to come , or a plane to go notice a storage box on the floor , leave partly - open in the search . he shift the lid aside . willy ( v.o. ) or the mail to come , or the rain to go or the phone to ring , or the snow to snow a high -school yearbook . a old photo album . a teddy bear . a snow - globe . a well - wear book by Dr. seuss . 64 willy ( v.o. ) or wait around for a yes or no or wait for they hair to grow . everyone be just wait . willy stare down at the souvenir of a lose life . int . hospital - i.c.u . - night the room be dim , and silent except for the hiss -click of the respirator , the monotonous beep of the heart monitor . willy ( v.o. ) wait for the fish to bite or wait for wind to fly a kite or wait around for Friday night or wait perhaps for they uncle Jake Jennifer Crawford lie with she head wrap in gauze , eye shut , plastic tub down she throat hold in place with tape . willy sit beside she bed , read Dr. seuss : willy or a pot to boil , or a better break or a string of pearl , or a pair of pants or a wig with curl ... or another chance . he stop read a moment . watch she : resident ( o.s. ) what be you do ? willy turn . a work - weary resident come past he to check the i.v. 's and monitor . he 's about willy 's age . willy I hear it might - help - if somebody talk to she . resident who tell you that ? willy ( reluctantly ) the man who shot she . the resident look up at willy - who shrug , uncomfortable . 65 willy be there any chance ... she might come out of this ? resident be you a member of the family ? willy ( get out id ) sorry . I be with the District Attorney 's office . ( beat ) we do not have any other witness . resident this woman have a bullet plow through she brain . willy I know . but you hear about people waking up from coma . after everybody say pull the plug - they wake up . ( beat ) you hear stuff like that all the time . resident you hear about elvis and alien , too . all the time . willy it 's not impossible , though . be it ? I mean - why else be you keep she like this ? beat . the resident sigh . resident no . it 's not impossible . but even if she do , she might not remember how to talk - let alone anything about how she be shot . willy when I be here alone before , she move a little . resident be you just go to keep ask the same question in different way until you hear the answer you want ? beat . 66 willy that 's how it work with the law . resident I know I should have go to law school . willy watch the resident go out . then he look back down at Jennifer . listen to the machine . int . crawford office - the next day willy wander . Tina , the assistant , wait in the doorway . he 's try to conceal the fact that he 's on a fishing expedition . willy so this be all exactly how he leave it . tina yes . browse a wall of frame photo : Crawford at crash site , university , engineering test - lab - award , certificate , article from industry publication laud Crawford as the go-to - guy for investigate mechanical failure of aircraft . willy and he be - distraught . tina he be drink . the past few week . willy but he be work on this . he stand over unfinish rube Goldberg device . tool laid out on the work table - meticulous , organize . willy all distraught and everything . it 's not evidence . tina do you want coffee . he say I should ask . willy turn , a little rattle . beat . 67 willy tell he I say no thank you . int . HOTEL room - day the room where Jennifer and nunally meet . clean - up now , anonymous , empty . willy stand look at it . there 's nothing to see . he grimace , nod - head out , past the assistant manager wait in the doorway . int . HOTEL corridor - continuous as willy come out of the room - he slow , notice the little gray plastic surveillance - camera- ball in the ceiling . willy how long do you keep the tape ? assistant manager a month . willy consider it . he 's get nothing else to try . willy can I get a copy of October 9th ? assistant manager I will have it for you Friday . willy I be kind of under the gun here . assistant manager we be short - staff tonight and tomorrow . beat . see willy 's confusion : assistant manager Thanksgiving ? willy nod , try to pretend he have not forget : willy right . okay . 68 int . gardner house - dine room - later a faux - tudor hancock Park dining room . wealthy , but live in . judge lewis gardner , you basic Henry fonda / Jimmy Stewart - type patriarch , carve a turkey at the head of a long table , wear a wear and gravy - splatter apron . platter circulate in both direction among nikki 's older sibling ( burton and sandra ) , they spouse , they child . willy sit next to nikki , who be high -stylish despite the fact that she 's dress " casual . " gardner White or dark , willy ? willy anything be fine , you honor . gardner I be off -duty , you can call I lew . while gardner pile turkey on a plate and pass it : willy so - be everyone in this family involved in the law ? sandra well , nikki 's not . nikki ha ha . ( to willy : ) burton 's a counsel for Sierra Club , and Sandra 's aclu - so they use the holiday as a opportunity to give I a hard time , because I can buy and sell they . sandra we be not actually for sale , Nick . nikki give willy a do -I - tell - you ? look . gardner Nicole decide early - on that black sheep be the most effective role in which to distinguish herself from she sibling . 69 nikki you know of any other family in America where the corporate lawyer who 's go to make partner by thirty - five be the " black sheep " ? gardner well - you may be lose beyond recovery , but maybe we can still convince willy that defend giant corporation against injure citizen be not the best use of he skill . willy I do not think so , sir . ( smile ) it 's where the money be . gardner ( scold mildly ) I believe that phrase refer to bank . and it be coin by a thief . beat . willy remain polite , but will not back down . willy Times have change . nikki ( to willy ) you do not have to do this . willy I do not mind ; I get this kind of thing now and then . ( to gardner ) almost always from people with money . gardner appearance can be deceive , willy . I grow up with eight brother and sister on a farm up in fresno , and I promise you I see my share of hard time . willy consider he option . willy my mom od would fairly frequently , so they put I in a Group Home . my young sister be dead and my older brother be do twenty - five- to-life . 70 awkward silence . gardner you win . beat . willy look down , begin to eat again . willy I usually do . gardner ( gently ) yes . I see that . burton I do not know if you will against the wife - shooter , though . the click of silverware . sandra whoops . nikki Nice , burton . beat . willy look up at burton , steady . shrug . willy it 's not over ' till it 's over . burton that look pretty over . nikki anyway , willy 's be take off the case . gardner it might not seem like it now , but that 's a bless in disguise , willy . willy nod . beat . to nikki , uncomfortable : willy I be not . nikki look at willy . nikki what ? 71 willy taken off . nikki that ... do not make any sense . lobruto have to do some kind of damage control - willy I ask he not to . silence . nikki be stare at he . angry . nikki you be really stupid , do you know that ? willy do not know how to handle this ; everyone else try to be polite , eat and pretend not to notice . willy I be - get new evidence - nikki where ? the evidence store ?! oh , that 's right - they open early the day after Thanksgiving . you be gonna be fine ! willy do it ever occur to you I might be good enough to still win ?! nikki who care ?! win what ? willy the man shot he - nikki you want corporate , right ?! you want to play in the big league ?! willy yeah , I be just - nikki you go to all that trouble get yourself in - and then you just pay no attention to wh - 72 willy look - I be sorry - can we not talk about this here ?! nikki stop . refuse to look around . ashame at lose control , turn back to she food : nikki Fine . willy thank you . everyone eat in silence a moment - then nikki toss down she napkin : nikki I need to talk with you . she get up and walk out of the room . with a awkward glance around , willy excuse himself and follow she . ext . gardner house - foyer - continuous willy look , I be sorry I do not tell you - nikki do you hear I , when I say Bob want you go as soon as this thing break ?! do you hear I say I go out on a limb to convince he - willy would not it be better than damage control if I actually turn it around ? nikki and what if you do not ? willy have no answer . he do not think that way . and she see that . she see a young man from Oklahoma , in way over he head . desperate to get through : nikki you do not get it at all , do you ?! you pull a stunt to get yourself this job . Fine : you be a hot-shot ! ( beat ) wooton sim do not need hot-shot . because you do not win . the firm win . Bob win . ( more ) 73 nikki ( cont would ) ( beat ) and you just put yourself head - to-head in conflict with bob. silence . shaken : willy what be I suppose to do ? nikki we tell the man you be get on a plane to Chicago , Tuesday . painful silence . willy yeah . okay . nikki watch he deal with it , sympathetic . the impossible feeling always run under the surface for they have develop a darker , aching tone . if anything , stronger . willy I think maybe I be gonna go now . nikki all right . ( beat ) call if you want . he nod . neither one move . judge gardner enter cautiously from the dining room - break the spell . nikki nod goodbye to willy , and go out quickly without meeting she father 's eye . awkward pause . willy I have get some work to do . I need to call a cab . gardner nod respectfully , but do not move quite yet . study the tear - up young man . gardner you know what nobody understand about certain kind of underpaid public service work ? now and then you get to put a fuck stake in a bad guy 's heart . we be not suppose to talk about that when we visit a third - grade class on career Day , and it do not get you very far into the country - club locker room - but it 's hard to beat when you actually get to do it . 74 willy look at the kindly old judge , a little surprised . gardner shrug : my two cent . he go to a side - table , find the yellow page . int . crawford house - later that night empty . Dark . willy let himself in . he look for the light -switch - find only a complex computerize dimmer - panel . he try it . accent light come on , bury in the live room planter . he can not get any other pre-set to work . the crime scene be creepy , light like that . the dry blood be black . shadows stretch up the wall , strange . willy grimace , move through it - see another panel by the french door to the garden . go over - - and jump back , startle - willy shit ! - by nunally , on the other side of the glass . catch he breath , willy stare . he unlock the french door and nunally step in , uneasy , haggard . willy the hell be you do here ? nunally look around - take a pint bottle from he overcoat pocket , uncapping it . nunally we need to talk . he drink , then offer the bottle . willy hesitates , take it . as he drink : nunally we have to find the gun . willy wince at the liquor and the remark , hand back the bottle . willy thank you , Professor Einstein . it would also be good to find a couple of ( more ) 75 willy ( cont would ) eyewitness . if one could be the dalai lama , it would be even better . nunally no - willy : we need to find the gun . willy I have have three different team here - nunally he do not leave between the shoot and when we take he out in cuff . the gun be here . ( beat ) so we have to find it . willy well - we can not ! you want to move on ? nunally toss something from a inside pocket of the coat - - willy catch it . a heckler &amp ; koch nine - millimeter in a plastic bag . willy stare down at it . then at nunally , who hold up : a bullet , deform by impact . nunally there 's a guy in the evidence room , owe I a favor . well - it 's not so much a favor as I know stuff about he . he can trade this for the bullet from Jennifer , give we a ballistic match . beat . willy it 's a crime . nunally so who 's gonna get away with a crime - this asshole , or we ? willy sigh . toss the gun back . willy go home . nunally what else have you get ?! willy I will find a way . 76 beat . nunally no you will not . willy watch nunally stalk out through the big , strangely - light room . the front door open , and slam . a little worried , willy take a deep breath . get to work . he still have three day to break this open . walk through the crime again . play it out in he mind . stand in different place , get different perspective . willy stand in the alcove . look around . there 's something here . but he can not get it . his eye fall on the rube Goldberg device . move closer , peer into the mechanism . turn away : no gun . but now he 's face the big wooden bowl of ball - bearing , sit out in the middle of the room on the coffee table . hide in plain sight . he walk over - push he finger in , feel around . nope . he sigh . take a ball - bear , roll it in he hand . go to the device - drop the ball in the slot . the machine be amazing . the ball roll and leap and clatter - light flash , elevator rise and fall , at one point the ball lift on a jet of compress air - then it spiral out of sight and reappear somewhere unexpected - - until at the end the ball suddenly catapult out and sail across the live room - - to land neatly back in the bowl on the coffee table . willy grimace . this guy be really good . int . marchand office - s.i.d . - sunday afternoon a mess of courtroom exhibit , copy of evidence , list , deposition , photo , diagram , take - out food container and coffee cup . 77 marchand survey it . the bleary end of a long day - sifting clue , dead - end . marchand willy . there 's nothing here . willy have barely sleep all weekend . he shake he head , review the hotel surveillance tape on a vcr / tv , stubborn . willy gun do not just walk out of crime scene . marchand wave copy of Crawford 's evidence - still print from home - video Dick take at a hostage negotiation : nunally do he job , he method , he routine . marchand two month before he shot he wife , this guy have he investigator watch the cop at work . he know exactly how it would go down - and he do not leave any loose end . willy then what be this : willy use the remote . on the tv , in black - and - white : Jennifer and nunally come out of they room and head for the pool - indistinct figure zip jerkily in and out of room on fast - forward - - until he slow it : Crawford come to let himself in . willy Hotel surveillance . from that day . he be there . why ? marchand watch over willy 's shoulder . shrug . marchand have to see it for himself . willy see what ? they be out at the pool . marchand the unmade bed . her panty . man 's gonna shoot he wife in the head , he need to get himself all work up . willy stare at the grainy black - and - white figure emerge from the room , walk away down the corridor . unconvince : 78 willy yeah . worked up . marchand get he jacket , pull it on . marchand willy , go home . tomorrow you go back into court and take you lump - then you start you cushy new life , and you forget all about this one . ( hope to get a smile : ) and then you can lend I money and shit . willy say nothing . run the tape back and then slow - motion it forward again . marchand go out . leave willy alone , watch Crawford . dissolve to : int . willy apartment - very late that night willy stand over crime scene photo and diagram spread out on he narrow futon . " walk the scene " again , on paper . the whole apartment be a array of law book , note , exhibit , mark - up deposition . he 's stare at evidence he 's already stare at a hundred time . he grind the palm of he hand into he eye socket , a dull moan rise into a yell - - as he sweep everything off he bed in a storm of paper - throw book - tear up printout - pull out drawer , empty they , smash they on the desk - - yell in a frenzy until he throat be hoarse , he shabby garage apartment be trash , and he 's sit , exhaust , in he chair . there 's a knock on the door . willy frown , check the clock : it 's two -thirty a.m . he go to open it - - revealing nunally , stand in the darkness , a haunt shadow of the boyish confident cop we meet make love to Jennifer Crawford . 79 nunally it 's do . in the tool shed : tape to the blade , inside the lawn - mower . before willy can say anything - nunally walk away . willy do not move . watch the torment cop disappear down the alley . int . district attorney' office - bullpen - the next morning willy - in a clean suit and crisp suit , carry he briefcase - hurry through , pay no attention to the secretary and other d.d.a.s who watch like he 's on he way to he own execution . at he office door , he gesture for mona to come in with he . surprise , she get up - take with she a envelope with a messenger - receipt tape to the front . int . willy office - continuous mona watch willy shut the door behind she . mona you okay ? willy yeah . maybe . ( hesitates ) can I ask you to do something for I this morning ? mona sure . willy write down you cell number . ( as she do ) once my trial be in session , wait outside . I might call - and just hang up . if I do , I want you to come into court and whisper to I that we get a tip about the murder weapon . mona you find it ? beat . 80 willy I have not decide yet . mona study willy - then accept it 's do not - ask - do not - tell , hand he she number . willy nod , grateful . turn for the door , she remember the envelope in she hand . mona oh : this come for you . he take it , and as she leave , check the return address : wooton sim . willy grimace , open it . Inside be a airline ticket to Chicago - first class - and a handwritten note , on wooton sim stationery : we only win the favor of the god by make a sacrifice see you tomorrow - nikki he stand in he empty office , consider the ticket and the note . int . courthouse - corridor - continuous willy step off the elevator , into a crowd of reporter and spectator outside the courtroom . he 's startle for a moment : it 's worse than he expect - the dense buzz of talk in the marble corridor and all the eye tracking he like he 's walk into a arena - a freakshow performer - - but he do not slow , ignore the comment and question , avoid eye contact - - until he see nunally by the courtroom door , he eye fix on willy . willy meet nunally 's gaze ... move on , give back nothing . nunally watch willy disappear into the courtroom , stare at the close door - uncertain , on edge . lose , no matter which way this go . 81 int . courtroom - soon after Mr. gifford , the Crawford 's neighbor , be on the stand . willy question he , stand by the prosecution table . behind he , the court be stand - room - only . reporter , sketch artist , spectator . nunally , sit near the front . lobruto , stand at the back . Crawford write intently on a legal pad , fill page with dense scribble . willy so - between the time you hear the first gunshot and call 911 , and the time of Mr. Crawford 's arrest - you have the Crawford house in view ? gifford yes . I be very concerned about Jennifer . she be a lovely woman . willy no one but Thomas Crawford come in or out ? gifford that 's correct . willy thank you , Mr. gifford . no further question . judge robinson Mr. Crawford ? Crawford glance up at the judge . then at gifford , as if he 's just notice he up there . beat . without get up : crawford do you see the guy run out the back door ? gifford what ... " guy " ? crawford the other guy . the one who shot my wife . do you see he run out the back of the house , carry the gun ? willy close he eye . gifford grimace . 82 gifford I could not see the back of the house . ( try to salvage it : ) I believe ... the police go around back when they arrive . crawford no further question . willy immediately stand : willy re-direct , you honor . but Crawford be stand too - with he handful of page : crawford I have also write a motion to dismiss . willy objection - I be on re-direct ! the judge hesitates . both man stand . judge robinson on what grounds , Mr. Crawford ? crawford the prosecutor do not have any actual evidence . willy I be in the middle of present - crawford all of he witness be go to testify to the same fact : that my wife be shot and that I be , tragically , in the house at the time ... a witness - and , in a way , a victim myself . I will stipulate to Mr. slocum 's entire witness list right now , a request a direct verdict or dismissal , per California versus collier , 1982 , and the appellate court decision , v. watrus , 486.19 . willy stare at Crawford , stunne . as the judge reluctantly nod to the bailiff to collect Crawford 's page and open a law book : 83 judge you legal skill seem to have improve over the long weekend , Mr. Crawford . while the judge check the citation , Crawford glance at willy . amuse . beat . willy look down - reach into he briefcase , move he cell - phone out from under some papers . to where he can get it easily . look back up at Crawford . smile slightly . judge robinson Mr. slocum ? willy and Crawford turn to the judge . judge robinson have you get any new evidence ? beat . willy May I have a moment , you honor ? the judge nod . willy nod down . try to focus . he 's get nothing , and everyone in the room know it . he can hear it , he can feel it . there 's a restless , hungry edge to the crowded courtroom . he stare into he open briefcase : the cell phone . next to it : the first class ticket and nikki 's note . willy glance back at the gallery . nunally 's eye burn into he . in the back : lobruto frown , concerned . judge robinson Mr. slocum ? willy turn back to he briefcase . he breathes . Press the menu button - select speed dial . on the tiny screen , a list of name . selected : mona / cell . 84 int . courthouse - corridor - the same time mona sit on a bench , a few step down the corridor from the courtroom door . cell phone in she hand . int . courtroom - continuous willy stand at the prosecution table . hear he own pulse . Crawford study willy , curious . crawford you honor ? can we signal the prosecutor from here on planet Earth ? willy 's fingertip hover over the cell phone keypad . Press , and a path be choose . possibly for life . next to the cell - phone , the ticket and the note . see you tomorrow . nunally sit forward . lobruto be watch intently . willy do not move . judge robinson Mr. slocum ? now or never . willy will not look up . nunally stare , agonize . willy grimace slightly , as if he feel he soul burn up , turn to ash and blow away - - nod , close the cell phone , slide it under nikki 's note . shut the briefcase . look at the judge . willy I have no further evidence at this time , you honor . Crawford begin to smile . lobruto look down . a buzz rise in the gallery - - as nunally get up , furious - stalk to the door , slam out . 85 judge Robinson look at willy a moment - then at Crawford , who have be wait , calm and polite . very reluctantly : judge robinson motion to dismiss be grant . uproar . the judge bang he gavel - judge robinson order ! the jury be release , with we apology - - practically shouting over the chaos - reporter hastily head for the door , pull out cell phone - judge robinson - and the defendant be free to go . Crawford give the judge a gentlemanly bow of the head . willy begin to pack he papers into the briefcase . refuse to look up . the judge and the bailiff might be say other thing , but no one be listen - spectator swarm up the aisle , out to the hallway - and the Court start to close down . Crawford come over to willy , hold out a hand . willy look he in the eye . do not move . Crawford shrug . crawford even a break clock get to be right twice a day . he wink , and head up the aisle . as willy watch Crawford go out the door into a clamor of lense , hand -held mike , white - hot halogen glare and flash - - he hear a buzzing noise . look down at he briefcase , move the papers aside : he cell phone be vibrate . willy stare at it , as if he would forget the thing could be use for a income call . the caller id read : wooton sim . he pick up - intercut with : 86 int . wooton sim - nikki be office - the same time nikki sit at she beautiful desk with stellar view out the window behind she . nikki hey , you . willy ( it 's a effort ) hey . nikki what do you think - I be not keep tabs ? willy I do not know what I think . awkward silence . she try to get past it : nikki listen : what do you say I take you out tonight and get you completely trash ? tomorrow 's just a travel da - - there 's a gun shot outside the courtroom . willy turn . shock . scream and shouting in the corridor . willy hang on - we move with willy as he shut the phone and head for the door - faster , push out - int . courthouse - corridor - continuous - into the echoing chaos of the corridor - try to move in the crowd - - shove through to where people be yell and cluster around a figure lie on the floor . willy push closer , until he catch glimpsis of : nunally . lying on the marble floor . his gun in he lifeless finger . blood all over , from he head . willy stop push . wo not let himself look away - the scream and commotion around he retreate into a numb blur . 87 then suddenly willy look up - as if he 's be call - - to find Crawford , stand very still , in the crowd , on the other side of the body . everyone else be move , talk , gawk at the body or averting they eye - - except Crawford . he 's look straight at willy . please . triumphant . willy stare into Crawford 's eye . int . hospital room - late that night the life support system click and hiss and beep . Jennifer be curl into a fetal position , despite the tube and wire . willy sit by she bed . still in he suit from court , the jacket off , the tie loose . he 's be there a while . but now he speak . willy you husband say something ... that I can not seem to shake loose of . he say I be a winner . ( beat ) and he 's right . I can not lose . I can not stand people who lose . ( beat ) I may have be work so hard to put some distance between I and ... people like you - that maybe I mess up . I do not know if do anything wrong . or what I should have do . I really do not know , any more ... what I be suppose to do . ( beat ) but I feel like I let you down . somehow in the ... process . and if I do , I be sorry . that 's all . I just - I hope you ... have ... just , some ... ( beat ) anyway . he feel stupid . take a breath . look at she pale , draw , comatose face . he stand , go to get he jacket , lie fold on a table by the door . pull it on , settles the shoulder , tug at he cuff . get he briefcase . 88 he go to the door , and as he open it - he look back . freezes . Jennifer 's eye be wide open . she 's stare at he . willy stand , breathless , watch she . int . hospital - corridor - later slide glass door suck open , willy walk with the resident from the other night : willy she be look at I . resident yeah , I understand - willy no , she be look at I . close up - jennifer' eyeball a beam of light slide across it . int . hospital room - continuous the resident tuck he flashlight in a pocket , draw a pin from he lapel . gently stick Jennifer 's cheek . willy wince , watch . willy she 's reacting . the resident ignore he . prick she forehead - she chin - she big toe . each time she twitches . he run he thumb along the sole of Jennifer 's bare foot . it arch up . willy you see ? resident the normal reflex go downward . up indicate brain trauma . willy she 's in there . she be look at I . 89 the resident sigh . sympathetic , but plain : resident sometimes we have to tape they eye shut . they all move - they make sound , they twitch . you think they be dream . but they be not . it 's just what 's leave of the system , send break signal . willy can we do other test ? like a m.r.i. or something ? and I want a coma specialist to see she . resident you be not authorize to order tes - willy I will get you authorization . first thing tomorrow . the resident study willy . reluctantly : resident you get the paperwork , I will do what I can . willy nod , grateful . as the resident head out , willy sit by Jennifer 's bed - protective , intent . int . hospital - lobby - the next morning Crawford come in through the lobby : rest , well - dress . a free man . he slow , surprised - - see willy come off the elevator . willy have not leave Jennifer 's bedside . he 's in the same suit and carry he briefcase from the courthouse . crawford Mr. slocum . willy just ... visit . crawford this be not like you at all . willy no ? 90 crawford you have not get anything to gain . willy oh - right . that 's my weak spot . ( beat ) ever think about what yours might be ? you flaw ? crawford of course I have . ( leans in ) the truth about I be , willy ... I be really not very nice . willy nod . conceal the ace up he sleeve . willy you sure do know a lot , though . get everybody all figure out , everything set up , like one of you contraption . then you just sit back and watch it all fall right where you want it to . must be kind of ... boring . at that point . crawford not a ounce of sympathy , willy ? ( beat ) imagine it - imagine she be yours . and you know you be lose she . ( beat ) imagine day . week . go through she desk . her purse . her closet . alone . stare at she clothes . her shoe . know this be what it will be like . after. ( beat ) do you have any idea how hard it be to go on live - with she - every day , know ? willy but you have to , right ? you need time to set it all up ... you " crime of passion . " crawford there be many kind of passion , willy . 91 willy yeah . there be . ( beat ) so - thank you . Crawford frown . start to feel wary . willy see it . enjoy it . willy for share you wisdom . all you little helpful bit of information . ( beat ) you be right . crawford about ...? willy talk to she . beat . willy wink . he go past Crawford and out the door . Crawford do not move - except to turn and watch willy . uncertain , for the first time since we have meet he . int . wooton sim - reception - later that morning willy - still unshave , unslept , in yesterday 's suit - come off the elevator , fishing out id as he pass a receptionist : willy hi , I be just - - go directly to the key-card slot by the glass double - door to the rest of the floor . he swipe he card and pull the handle - - but it stay lock . willy swipe he card again . no go . willy Excuse I - I be new , I just start - and there 's something wrong with my card . can you buzz I in ? receptionist who be you here to see ? willy I work here . willy slocum . I be new - he stop , realize how he must look . 92 willy nikki gardner . willy slocum , for nikki gardner . as he call in , willy see nikki through the door - one of a half - dozen associate trail in the wake of bob wooton . they all carry expensive business luggage , except wooton - who be powerful , perfectly groom , and two decade older . willy wait a second - never mind , here she be , thank you . willy go toward the glass door as wooton come through - nodd deferentially to the boss , semi-apologetic : willy hey ... Bob - ( to nikki ) can I talk to you for a second ? wooton glance back at nikki , eye say : do not take long . she nod as wooton and the team continue to the elevator - stay back by the glass door to talk with willy : willy you let he know what happen last night ? nikki I tell he . willy great - who do I work with on it while you be go ? nikki you do not work with anyone . willy nikki : the man have power- of- attorney and a health - care proxy , he can disconnect she life - support whenever he want . if we do not move fast - nikki explode - but quietly , not want the team to hear : nikki Jesus , willy , wake up ! it 's over ! what be wrong with you - it 's first year law : that woman could fully recover and swear he shot she and it ( more ) 93 nikki ( cont would ) would not matter . double jeopardy ! you can not take he back into court ! willy I tell you - we bring a civil suit - nikki you have get no stand . willy it do not have to stick : we just need to get a court order for now - to keep Crawford from pull the plug ! with all the brain - power here , I be sure somebody can come up with a pretext or call in a favor . then we can tie this up in court while we arrange a state - appoint conservatorship - so we can protect she while we fight he on - nikki what 's the point , willy ? willy the point ?! willy stare . because she 's draw a line in the sand . one he already cross , without truly understanding ... and now he 's stand out there alone - feel the sand slither away under he foot . willy this man be go to kill he wife . nikki yeah . ( beat ) what do that have to do with wooton sim ? willy just breathes . vulnerable like we have never see he before . he look across the big reception area , at wooton and the team of associate . some look away . nikki I warn you . willy no , this be insane . nikki it 's what it be . 94 ding ! the elevator . nikki grimace , frustrated - and sad : nikki I warn you . she start for the elevator , willy follow - willy you be not really just gonna let this happen , be you ?! nikki oh I be suppose to lose my job over you problem ?! willy my problem ?! wait a second - this be not about my anything any more - willy grab nikki 's arm to stop she , turn she around - and she shove he away , hard , tear welling in she eye - - willy let she go - as the receptionist quietly call for help - - and nikki hurry into the wait elevator . the associate hold the door let they go . willy this be about take a couple of goddamn week off to try and save a woman 's life ! the door begin to close . willy stand face the cluster of lawyer in expensive suit , they expression range from pity to contempt - - except nikki , whose eye be full of shame and guilt and defensive anger . as the door shut across they . willy do not move . confused , humiliate , frustrated . he turn when a bunch of other lawyer emerge from the office , ready to act as bouncer . people gawk from behind the glass door . beat . willy hold up he palm . willy do not bother . I get it . 95 he bang open the paddle - sign on the stairway door , set off the fire alarm as he stalk out . int . wooton sim - build stairway - soon after willy run down the stair furiously - - the clanging alarm , several floor above now , a little fainter . he suddenly stop - cling to the railing , bent over . he sway , dizzy , gasp - - back up until he 's against the concrete wall . press himself against . listen to he own rag breathe . scare out of he mind . int . hospital room - dusk Crawford stand by the bed , glance over a set of form on a metal clipboard . dr . lunt , a senior neurologist , and a hospital administrator wait . the machine hiss and click , keep Jennifer alive . Crawford sign the form , expressionless . ext . courthouse - the same time willy 's walk alongside judge Robinson , as they leave the building . the judge be wear he " civilian clothes . " judge robinson what do the doctor say ? willy people wake up out of this thing . judge robinson what do the doctor say , Mr. slocum ? willy they say ... there 's no way to really know . I be try to get they to run more test - but I be there , and I be tell you . 96 judge robinson I be sorry . I have no probable cause to issue a court order against Mr. Crawford - and he 's protect agai - willy what about he wife ?! what be protecting her ?! the judge stop - give willy a hard eye : I be sympathetic , but yell at I be not a smart approach . willy look at the judge a second - hapless , frustrated , scared - then nod and shake he head and turn away - hurry off through the homeward - bound crowd . the judge watch he go . grimace . int . crawford house - kitchen - that evening Crawford be carefully prepare a elegant , solitary meal . Music play on he state - of - the- art sound system . he stop , notice a pair of Jennifer 's read glass , fold up by a note-pad and pen next to the telephone . he pick they up . stylish , feminine . he go to the trash , step on the pedal to flip open the lid , and drop the glass in . go back to cooking . int . lobruto house - later that night lobruto - at the dinner table with he family - look up , surprised , as the doorbell ring . he excuse himself - - go to open the door . willy 's outside : apologetic but urgent , near the end of he rope . willy I be sorry - but nobody else seem to give a damn that sooner or later this guy be gonna finish what he start . beat . lobruto have you be home at all today , willy ? 97 willy look down at himself : he 's unshaven , in the same rumple clothes he wear to court yesterday . exasperate : willy no - I have be try to get some - lobruto there 's a court order out against you . willy what ? lobruto a restrain order . ( beat ) you be at the hospital ? talk to she doctor ? willy nod . lobruto look out at the confuse , frantic young man - truly sorry that he can not help willy fight he way back toward do some good in this mess . lobruto Crawford hire a lawyer this time . they see judge Gorman this afternoon . willy against I . lobruto you need to stay away from he , and he wife , and the hospital . he can have you arrest if you do not . ( beat ) I be sorry . ( beat ) I can not help you . I tell you how it would go . willy stare a second , slowly understanding he situation . willy can you do anything for she ? beat . lobruto I do not see how . willy grimace . but nod . turn away . 98 ext . lobruto house - continuous we move with willy out to the quiet street . the window of the house he pass seem warm and safe - and very far away . behind he , lobruto watch from he light doorway . willy walk , shake , determine , into the night . int . hospital - i.c.u . - the next morning a nurse check Jennifer Crawford 's vital sign . she then begin to gently wash Jennifer 's face , where it 's not tape or bandage . the monitor beep , the ventilator hiss . int . crawford house - the same time Crawford knot he necktie , study himself in the mirror . expressionless . ext . gardner house - driveway - soon after judge gardner pull he car out to the street - - swerving hastily , as willy 's car skid alongside and force he to the curb , horn honk . willy pull to a stop , block gardner 's way , and get out of the car - hold up both palm : just wait . int . hospital - corridor - later that morning Dr. lunt take a chart from the i.c.u. nurse ' Station . dr . lunt have Mrs. Crawford be prepare ? int . crawford be car - soon after Crawford drive , wear a dark suit , sunglass . calm . 99 int . judge gardner' chamber - same time willy watch gardner' secretary bring in a document , fresh off the laser-printer . as gardner sign : willy can I use you fax machine ? gardner this have to be serve in person . int . parking structure - downtown l.a . - continuous willy brake as he drive around a corner and see a driver wrangle with the booth guy . he grimace , look around - - back up , tire squealing , head for another exit . int . hospital room - continuous Dr. lunt stand by Jennifer 's bed , supervise the nurse and a orderly as they prepare she . int . hospital - lobby - continuous Crawford walk in , go toward the elevator . int . willy car - intersection - continuous he floor it , racing under a light go red - narrowly miss get broad-side . int . hospital room - continuous Dr. lunt look up from make note on Jennifer 's chart , as Crawford enter the room . ext . emergency room entrance - continuous willy pull into a no parking zone and jump out , papers in hand - toss the key to a orderly smoking a cigarette - willy move it if you need to ! - run through the automatic door . 100 int . hospital room - continuous stand beside Dr. lunt , Crawford watch , expressionless - - as the nurse and the orderly work , efficient and silent , disconnect the oxygen tube , unplugge the monitor - int . hospital lobby - soon after willy dodge people , come to the elevator - which open . too crowded . int . hospital stairway - soon after willy gasp a little as he hurry up the stair - int . hospital - corridor - soon after - come out of the fire stair , hurry toward i.c.u . - int . hospital room - continuous - and into Jennifer 's room , where he stop . shock . the bed be be stripped , the equipment roll out . willy stare , breathless , overwhelm . nurse you just miss she . willy what ? nurse she just go on up . willy struggle to control he emotion . look down . willy how long ago ... do she die ? nurse what ? ( beat ) the roof . ( beat ) ( more ) 101 nurse ( cont would ) medevac transfer . out to a long - term care facility up in Santa Barbara . they just leave , you can probably still catch them . willy try to understand she . with grow horror . willy he 's - move she by helicopter ? nurse nothing but the best . we hear the surge of a jet engine - - as willy run out of the room . ext . hospital roof - helipad - later a sikorsky s- 76 medevac chopper be prepare to take off , very loud and windy . through the open doorway and the thick window , we can glimpse Crawford sit beside Jennifer , who be strapped on to a gurney . she 's connect to life - support equipment . the mo tech be outside , check a few last supplies and give Crawford a moment alone with he wife . Crawford move . he may be whisper to she . or adjust she pillow . hard to tell . as he climb out of the chopper - - he see willy across the roof , argue with Dr. lunt , who be skim the court document , shaking he head . Crawford , curious , walk toward the two man . ext . hospital roof helipad - willy - the same time Dr. lunt hand Crawford the court order . as Crawford read they , lunt and willy shout over the helicopter engine : dr . lunt this order he not to take she off life support ! he 's not ! we can not stop the man from - willy then just hold it - for a couple of hour ! have it inspect ! 102 dr . lunt you be talk about a phenomenally expensive delay , Mr. slocum - when the man have every right to move he wife ! willy she 's not gonna get there ! he look at Crawford : read - amused , thoughtful . willy this man be a mechanical engineer with expertise in air crash ! he have access to airfield and he know exactly how to make it look like a accident ! you know what he do ! you know why she 's like this ! lunt hesitates , feel a tiny edge of doubt . Crawford check he watch . look into willy 's eye - - then gesture for willy to join he , and turn back to walk across the pad to the helicopter . climb in . willy stare , stunne . lunt look at he : case close . the rotor whirl faster , engine noise rise to a scream . from the open chopper doorway , Crawford look at willy again and gesture for he to get on . willy do not know how to react . slowly , he start to walk toward the helicopter . int . helicopter - continuous willy bend , come to the door - wind - whipped , flinching . Crawford hold out a hand to help he in . willy do not move . the pilot glance back . Crawford 's eye be lock with willy 's . willy stare at Crawford , scared . but unable to back down from the crude , plain challenge . which Crawford be clearly count on . angry , at himself , willy climb in without take Crawford 's hand . as he nervously figure out how to buckle himself in - 103 - the Med tech secure the door , the Pilot turn to face front - and they lift off . ext . above los angele - soon after look directly down at the sikorsky as it glide over a picturesque mapscape of street and freeway , gray and terra - cotta rooftop , blue kidney and rectangle of pool . int . helicopter - same time willy watch Crawford , who stare back at he . calm . glance uneasily at the Pilot , bug-head in sun-goggle and headphone . Flying they , calm . the Med tech , adjust Jennifer 's portable ventilator . calm . ext . above los angele - soon after the sikorsky glide over cross-hatch parking lot , a pale swath of beach - - and the white foam edge of the Pacific . int . helicopter - continuous willy look up from the view . scare . yell to the Pilot . willy why be we go out over the ocean ? pilot less traffic . willy look at Crawford . ext . above the ocean - soon after deep dark vast blue . the sikorsky fly over . small . int . helicopter - soon after willy stare into Crawford 's eye . 104 then he look around at the vibrate metal box carry he hundred of foot above the earth . the sunlight glare in the scratch window . the blur of the rotor against the empty sky . the edge of the door frame . the rivet in the roof . Crawford 's eye . amuse . willy unbuckle he seat-belt , lurch toward the Pilot - willy we have to turn back ! pilot get in you seat ! willy he 's do something - we have to turn back ! pilot who 's do something ? willy point to Crawford , who 's just sit there - willy he be ! you have to get we down ! pilot get back in you goddamn seat ! crawford willy , I be not do anything . everyone can see that . willy I be telling you , we have to turn back ! he 's do someth - a alarm begin to shriek - on the ventilator . everyone turn as the Med tech hastily kneel next to it - willy what 's happen ?! mo tech I do not know - I be - there 's a - malfunction - - willy whip around to look at Crawford , with fury in he glare : oh , you bastard . Crawford almost smile . 105 the Med tech be flipping switch , check wire - mo tech I can not do anything with this , up here . the Pilot turn - steeply , willy fall over , the Med tech 's supplies spilling - as the Med tech hastily remove Jennifer 's breathe tube and prepare to begin c.p.r . - crawford she 's d.n.r . the Med tech look up - startle . confused . willy what be it ? crawford check . willy watch , wide -ey , as the Med tech grab up he paperwork , search it - willy what ? the Med tech look up at willy , scared . mo tech she 's do not resuscitate . willy turn on Crawford . he shrug . crawford it 's in she live will . the Med tech look at willy , paralyze . mo tech she 's d.n.r . she sign it . willy there 's a restrain order - she 's protect - I be authorize you to do it ! the Med tech turn to Crawford , uncertain - crawford no extraordinary measure . ( turn to willy ) unless you court order specifies ( more ) 106 crawford ( cont would ) contraven she live will . but I do not think it would . I think you get one that forbid I from disconn - willy throw himself at Crawford - attack he , as the Med tech grab he , drag he back - pilot what the hell be go on back there ?! - the Med tech hold willy down on the floor by Jennifer 's stretcher - willy struggle furiously - willy wait ! wait - look ! willy be point at Jennifer - shocked - - as the Med tech let he up and they kneel by she , the Med tech take she pulse - willy , stare down at she , intent : she 's breathe . willy yes . yes . willy whirl around to Crawford . who 's frown . willy you mess up . with all you plan and game . willy turn back to Jennifer . delicately stroke the side of she face . her eye flutter open - willy shhhh . it 's okay . it 's all right . - she stare into willy 's eye . he take she hand . Silent awe in she eye . yearning . fear . willy you be gonna be okay ? she squeeze he hand . very weakly . Crawford be look dagger : die , bitch . Jennifer 's eye - fix on willy - roll back . she fight it . willy Jennifer ? hang on . something sad in she wordless gaze . as it start to fade . 107 willy Jennifer ?! jennifer ?! she 's slip . her eye go empty . her hand become lifeless in he . willy no. come on , Jennifer . fight back . tear well up in willy 's eye , but he struggle against they - feel Crawford 's gaze , refuse he the satisfaction . willy do not let go . but she 's go . he stare down . mourn she . letting he grief slowly burn into rage . he gently reach up and close she eye . then he look up at Crawford , who smile sympathetically . crawford you push it , willy . we do not have to be here . ( beat ) but now you be my witness . you see : I do not touch anything , I do not do anything . the machine go down . anybody ask - you will have to tell they . what you see . ( beat ) that 's really kind of perfect , be not it ? willy stare into he eye . cold . then he look away . out the window , into the sun-glare . slow dissolve to : int . willy apartment - a couple of day later the garage door be open , let in daylight . we can see the alley especially well , because there be only empty hanger on the clothes - bar , and the cinderblock shelf have be take apart , stack on the floor . willy be pack . he 's wear jeans , a old t-shirt . he carry a heavy pile of legal textbooks out to the trash bin , throw they away . 108 as he turn to go back in - he see lobruto come along the alley , wear a suit . surprise , wait . lobruto you be not answer you phone . beat . willy that 's kind of a answer in itself , be not it ? willy head back in , start to pack again . lobruto where be you head ? willy have not decide yet . just someplace else . lobruto nod . willy pack . lobruto I should not have let it get so far out of control . ( beat ) we all lose , willy . willy yep . lobruto we just have to live with that , and keep fight the good fight . willy that 's not what I be do . lobruto you belong in a courtroom . willy pack , think about that . shake he head . willy I need to - get to know myself better . lobruto you be a good lawyer . all this may have even make you a better lawyer . do not waste it . willy turn on he - angry , confuse , bitter : 109 willy I do not just lose a case ! I let a man get away with murder . lobruto nod . respecting he pain . shrug , accept the decision , with regret . willy nod he thanks , and turn back to pack . lobruto start to leave . but from the alley door : lobruto if it make you feel any better - technically , you let a man get away with attempt murder . willy do not respond . keeps pack . lobruto go out . after a moment , willy stop . look up . something turn over in he mind . ext . alley - continuous lobruto be walk toward he car when willy step out of the garage and call after he : willy his wife be dead ! lobruto turn . uncertain what willy be get at . willy we can still get he . we can take he back to court . lobruto ( gently ) willy ... willy come toward he - excited , insistent : willy double jeopardy do not apply ! we bring a new charge - of homicide . lobruto willy - what happen to you , on the helicopter - we do not even know if we could prove - 110 willy no : he shot she and she die . the fact that it take time - the fact that he go to trial in between , just for shoot she - do not matter . he fire a gun and cause she death , and that 's murder . ( beat ) if he can twist the law around - then so can we . lobruto think it out . wary . lobruto a second indictment on the same incident ? willy a man burn down a house ; we charge he with arson . there be people sleep upstairs - and after week in the hospital , they die . we would charge he with murder . right ? lobruto nod . on the fence , but see it now . impress with the young man 's fervor , and he logic . but he shake he head . lobruto all you evidence be still toxic . the confession , the arrest - it 's all still inadmissible . willy grimace . look down . think , intense . lobruto I be sorry , willy . it be a good idea , but - willy I will get something new . lobruto how ? willy look up at he . calm now . willy you do not want to know . lobruto willy , you can not - 111 willy I do not work for you . ( beat ) right ? beat . lobruto sigh , as willy nod and turn to start back to the garage . with work to do . lobruto do not do anything crazy . willy what else have we get leave ? willy disappear inside . int . s.i.d. lab - later end of the day . marchand pull on he coat , shut down he computer . he turn to go - - willy be stand in he doorway . willy I need a favor . int . police evidence warehouse - soon after willy follow a evidence clerk along a aisle between floor - to-ceil steel shelf of box mark with case number . crawford this be from that thing at the courthouse , right ? willy uh-huh . the clerk stop , check a number against a slip of paper in he hand - pull down a box for willy . int . crawford house - that night Crawford be building a new rube Goldberg device , tool and part laid out precisely on a table . eye enlarge by the glass , he silently connect two tiny piece of metal - 112 - when a french door suddenly implode , a metal lawn chair hurl in from the backyard smash through it . Crawford stand , take off the glass - - as willy walk in over the break glass , carry nunally 's gun . crawford very dramatic . willy cross the room to the alarm panel on the wall . willy you be not see nothin ' yet . he press the police emergency button , then turn to Crawford . willy I want the gun . crawford why ? you have already get one . willy I want the gun you shot you wife with . now . Crawford do not move . willy raise he gun , point it at Crawford 's face . willy one way or another , I be go to see to it you receive justice tonight . Crawford study willy . crawford you be serious , be not you . willy oh , yes . crawford ( a smile dawn ) willy . you get religion , do not you ?! you care . that 's ... priceless . he laugh . willy keep the gun aim at he . 113 crawford no , it 's very sweet . really . willy gonna be a whole lot less funny in about a minute . Crawford nod . consider the game . unruffle . crawford get it like this : be that go to hold up in court ? willy I do not work for the d.a. any more . I be just a guy who break into you house . when the police arrest I - they will inventory anything in my possession . if that happen to be crucial evidence in another case , well : some prosecutor just get lucky . silence . Crawford study willy 's eye , over the muzzle of the gun between they . crawford it take a very special kind of person to look right into someone 's eye and pull the trigger . it take a unique kind of strength . willy I guess you would know that . crawford yes . I would . willy cock the gun . Crawford shake he head . eye on willy . crawford I do not think so . willy do not lower the gun . but he do not pull the trigger , either . willy you do not know I . crawford no ? 114 beat . Crawford smile slightly . crawford then I be in for a - rude awaken . willy glare over the gun . Crawford shrug . crawford tick-tock . willy 's angry . frustrate . trapped . his bluff call . refuse to back down . crawford where do you even get yourself a gun ? willy ( bitter ) it 's nunally 's . Crawford be throw by this - but conceal it well . crawford nunally 's . really . willy grimace , over the gun still aim at Crawford 's face . willy yeah . really . he have back himself into a corner , and he 's get scared . because all of a sudden the threat he come to fake Crawford out with - - be start to seem like he only way out . even Crawford see it . in willy 's eye . the uncertain edge of the idea . he could just do it . end the game . blow Crawford 's brain all over the wall . willy there I be , with a perfectly good weapon just sit in the evidence warehouse . it would be so easy . with he life already a shamble . with everything already lose . at least he would have this . crawford willy . put it down . 115 willy I think you might appreciate the ...irony . willy 's finger tighten on the trigger . crawford willy . think . and willy do . hesitate . distract , by a think . lower the gun slightly , look at it - remember : int . s.i.d. lab - night ( flashback ) marchand , on the phone - hold the gun Crawford surrender , in its plastic evidence bag : willy ( v.o. ) " a perfectly good ... heckler and koch nine-millimeter . " int . crawford house - live room - ( resume ) Crawford be get edgy , watch willy study nunally 's gun : crawford the police will be here very soon . willy the exact same type of gun you buy you wife , a month before . he look up at Crawford . get it . int . crawford house - live room - ( flashback ) nunally set down he pistol on the chair - as Crawford , across the room , set down he on the table . int . crawford house - live room - ( resume ) crawford if they see you with a gun in you hand - they be not likely to ask a lot of question . 116 willy that 's why you go to the hotel . int . HOTEL corridor - day ( flashback ) surveillance - cam view : Crawford let himself into the room - willy ( v.o. ) that 's why you go into the room . int . HOTEL room - day ( flashback ) Crawford quietly close the door behind he . stands , take it all in - int . crawford house - live room - ( resume ) willy look at Crawford . stun . willy you take he gun . int . HOTEL room - day ( flashback ) Crawford check the dresser drawer , the night - table - find nunally 's badge , holster and gun . willy ( v.o. ) and you leave he yours . Crawford replace nunally 's gun with he own match pistol , which be tuck into the back of he belt . int . crawford house - live room - ( resume ) beat . Crawford shrug - arrogant : crawford I give it back . willy yes you do . int . crawford house - ( flashbacks - very quick ) Crawford fire at Jennifer - Crawford shoot at the transom - 117 willy ( v.o. ) after you would use it . Crawford hold out the gun , to nunally : make the offer - willy ( v.o. ) then you tell nunally you would put it down - if he put down he . nunally set down he pistol on the chair , as Crawford , across the room , set down he on the table . int . crawford house - live room - ( resume ) willy turn , look into the alcove : willy that 's why you move she back there - int . crawford house - live room - ( flashback ) nunally rush past Crawford to kneel by Jennifer - shocked , frantic - crawford ( v.o. ) the truth be I could have do it right in front of the man and he would not have notice . - ignore Crawford behind he . int . crawford house - live room - ( resume ) crawford he have ... other thing on he mind . int . crawford house - live room - night ( flashback ) nunally 's call for help on the walkie-talkie , desperately start c.p.r. - - as behind he , Crawford pick up the murder weapon , ( nunally 's gun ) from the table - - and walk over to the chair where nunally leave Crawford 's gun ( from he holster ) . 118 willy ( v.o. ) and all you have to do be switch the gun back - in the commotion - Crawford pick up he gun and set the murder weapon on the chair in its place . willy ( v.o. ) - and then wait - he then come back to put he gun on the table , where it will be mistaken for the murder weapon . straighten , do . int . crawford house - live room - night ( flashbacks ) nunally grab up the murder weapon from the chair , upset , distract - put it in he holster - willy ( v.o. ) - until nunally walk the murder weapon right out of the house . a detective drop Jennifer 's gun into a evidence bag - - as nunally walk out . int . crawford house - live room - ( resume ) willy stare at Crawford . in real wonder . willy brilliant . crawford you know , this be really kind of fun . it 's like show some caveman a cigarette lighter . willy look down at the gun in he hand . thoughtful . willy this caveman 's gonna put you in prison for the rest of you life . crawford it 's still not evidence , willy . there 's no print leave by now . nothing tie that gun to I . willy smile , slow ... enjoy himself , at last . 119 willy no . that would be true . except for all that egg . crawford that what ? willy nod to himself , go to the wooden bowl of ball - bearing - select one , carry it to the rube Goldberg machine : willy with all that little crack and weak place . like nunally . shoot himself , right there in the courthouse . I do not think he be go to do that . do you ? crawford ( wary ) no. study the complex device , toy with Crawford : willy I mean , we all know he be go to fall apart sooner or later . that be part of you plan , right ? like a bank shot , on a pool table : you kill you wife - and destroy she lover . with one bullet . ( turn ) well : four bullet , actually . right ? Crawford frown . try to see what willy 's get at . willy first bullet go into you wife . intercut quick flashbacks : Crawford fire at Jennifer - willy ( v.o. ) then three more out the front of the house , to get some attention . - and fire three time at the transom . willy then while you be wait for the show to begin - you have to reload nunally 's gun . 120 Crawford push new bullet into the clip - willy ( v.o. ) I mean , you do not want he wonder where the hell four bullet go , consider he never fire he gun that night . - and slide the clip back into the gun , pleased . willy nod , think it out . sure of himself . he set the ball - bear into the slot at the top of the machine - willy and I be betting you do not worry about fingerprint . Crawford react . close : Crawford 's finger , put the bullet in the clip . willy let the ball go - watch it begin roll down the ornate track . willy I mean , why would you ? nobody 's go to be look at he gun . the ball tumble and clatter - flipping and click through the ingenious , precise , heartless machinery - willy and sooner or later , life go on , that four incriminate bullet would get use , and be go forever . - and Crawford be recognize , slowly , he one mistake . the gun in nunally 's limp dead finger , glimpse on the marble courthouse floor , through the crowd . willy ( v.o. ) except nunally only fire one of that bullet . into himself . willy turn from the machine - - which continue clatter and work , beside he . 121 willy which mean there be still three leave with you fingerprint on they - Tom . in this clip . he hold the gun up . savore Crawford 's grow fear . they can hear a car roll up the driveway . Red and blue light sweep the frost glass by the front door . willy everybody have a weak spot , right ? some place they break . without look , willy gently push the machine , move it a fraction of a inch on the floor - - as the ball catapult out - sailing across the live room in a perfect , graceful arc - - that miss the bowl . outside , the police car door open and then slam . Crawford , go pale , watch the metal ball roll off the coffee- table and across the floor toward he . Crawford do not move . try to focus . his mind work . the ball come to rest against Crawford 's shoe . the doorbell ring . Crawford look up . meeting willy 's eye . smiling slightly , willy tuck nunally 's gun into he belt and put he hand in the air . and give Crawford a wink . Crawford be stare at willy , freeze - panic and hatred and fear curdle in he eye - - as behind he , the police begin pound on the front door . the end