frailty by Brent hanley 2nd draft September 1 , 1999 fade in : ext . FBI headquarters -- night it be a plain building with a sign that read Federal Bureau of investigation , Dallas branch . there be only a few car park in the parking lot , include a ambulance . int . FBI headquarters lobby -- continuous a man sit in the lobby flipping mindlessly through a paperback book , he face unseen . there be no one else in the lobby except for the operator behind she desk . operator ( into the phone ) this be my third double shift this month ... I know , I know , but the only other operator be out sick ... I think she 's on drug ... well she boyfriend be dea you know ... agent randy hull come into the lobby and motion to the man . he get up and walk toward Hull , stop at the operator 's desk . the operator look up at he . operator ( cont 'd ) {into phone ) hold on . ( to the man ) yes ? he put the paperback on she desk and slide it toward she . she look at the book and then up at he . man I find it on the seat over there . someone must have leave it behind . she nod with a smile , and pick up the book . as he walk off , she look at the back of it and go back to ‘her phone call . he walk over to agent Hull , and they shake hand . int . doyle's office -- moment later Hull stand in the doorway face the man , but we still do not see the he face . hull you can wait in here . you need anything ? Water ? coffee ? ( continued ) continued : man no I be fine . thanks . hull it should not be long . Hull leave , shutting the door behind he . the man look around the small office , notice all the detail : the wall be cover with frame citation , official plaque , and several frame newspaper article on the capture of various serial killer . there be several gory police photograph from case file tape on the side of a filing cabinet . the man wander over to the desk which be litter with papers , pen , a few more case file photo , and one frame eight by ten glossy color photograph of a man in he twenty stand next to a woman in she late forty with gray brown hair . the man reach for the photograph . ext . FBI headquarters -- later a car pull into the parking lot , and agent william doyle get out . he be the man from the photograph except he be older now in he mid-thirty and have a hard , world - weary yet powerful look to he . he look at the ambulance as he walk up the little concrete path to the building . Thunder rumble off in the distance . int . FBI headquarters -- continuous doyle walk into the reception area , where the operator be read the paperback . doyle what 's that ambulance do out there ? the operator glance up from she book , shrug , and go back to read . he frown at she , and exit into the main office where there be several line of cubicle that be mostly empty except for one or two . along the wall of the room be enclose office with large glass window . he stride down the hall . all of the office be dark except for one . doyle look at the light office window and see the back of a man 's head sit inside . Hull sit at one of the desk cubicle . he look up at doyle from he computer . hull hello sir . doyle hey Randy , how you tonight ? ( continued ) on sad continued : hull can not complain . be it raining out yet ? doyle not yet . a big storm 's come though . I can smell it in the air . ( nod toward the office ) that he ? hull yep . be here about a hour . Said he would only talk to you . doyle he ask for I by name ? hull nope . ask for the agent in charge of the God 's Hand case . doyle nod , still stare at the back of the man 's head . hull ( cont 'd ) Said he have some important info on it . doyle do not say what ? hull nope . Said he would only talk to you . might just be some crackpot but I figure I should call you anyway . doyle with six murder and no substantial clue , anything 's worth a shot at this point . hull well if anyone can crack this case . it 's you sir . doyle ( deadpan ) what 's that on you nose Randy ? hull ( touch he nose ) huh ? ( continued ) continued : doyle look a little brown from here . Hull get it . doyle ( cont 'd ) if you want that promotion , you give I hard work not a wet ass . you read I ? hull yes sir . doyle look at the back of fenton 's head behind the window . doyle well , I would better get to it . doyle walk off toward the office . Hull go back to work . int . doyle's office -- moment later doyle come in . the man , fenton meek , look up at he from he chair by the door , but do not get up . this be the first time we actually see he face . he be in he late twenty , with a easy smile and bright blue eye . fenton you the agent in charge of the God 's Hand case ? doyle ( nod ) agent William doyle . he extend he hand to fenton , but fenton look down at the frame picture in he hand , ignore doyle 's gesture . fenton ( look at the picture ) be this you and you mother ? doyle see the picture he 's hold , the one of he and the woman , and snatch it out of he hand . doyle I would appreciate it if you would not take thing off my desk . doyle cross the little office and put the picture back on he desk face he . ( continued ) continued : fenton sorry about that . I have be in here '' , for awhile . I have already read all ae you plaque and citation . and I do not care to look at that . fenton indicate the case file photo . doyle sit down at he desk and regains he composure . fenton ( cont 'd ) quite impressive , the plaque I mean . doyle I be good at what I do . fenton you must be . doyle so what can I do for you , Mr ... fenton fenton meek . I have some information for you . doyle just look at he , wait for he to continue . fenton ( cont 'd ) this may sound crazy , but ... I know who the God 's Hand killer be . doyle stare at he flatly , but he do not continue . they stare at each other for a moment . doyle alright , I will bite . who ? fenton you have not even hear I out yet , and already you doubt I . why ? doyle because in a case like this no one just walk into you office and tell you who the killer be . it do not work that way . . fenton sometimes truth defy reason agent doyle . ( continued ) continued : doyle yeah ? that 's pretty good . youa philosopher Mr. meek ? fenton no . a novelist . doyle that right ? fenton _. well , a pulp novelist really . crime fiction . doyle uh huh , well everybody 's get to have a job . so let 's get back to mine for a moment . who be it ? they stare at each other for a moment . fenton my brother . doyle wait for he to continue , but he do not . doyle how do you know that ? fenton I get a call from he last night ... CUT to flashback : ext . adam' house -- night it be a small frame house . there be a van and a car park in the driveway . all the light to the house be off except for a dim light in the front window . johnny Cash 's peace in the Valley play softly from inside the house . int . adam' house -- continuous adam meek , in he late twenty , sit at a small desk in the far corner of the live room with he eye close . the song play on a old record player . he hum along with it . on the desk be a old typewriter , a gun , and two stack of paper . in one hand Adam hold a half empty bottle of Jim beam , and in he - other hand be a picture . it be a fade color photograph of a man , dad , and two boy , fenton age twelve and adam age nine . he open he eye and sing to it for a moment and then suddenly throw it to the floor . ( continued ) ( continued : he take a drink from the bottle and look thoughtfully at a piece of paper tape on the wall in front of the desk . it be a list of seven name with six of they cross out . tape next to the list be newspaper clipping . one of the headline read : god' hand claim 6th victim . he get up , stumble over to the phone , pick it up , and dial . int . fentone house -- continuous fenton sit on the couch in the darken live room , sip a beer and watch television . the phone ring . fenton .. reach over and pick it up on the second ring . fenton ( into phone ) hello . there be a long pause . fenton be about to hang up when ... adam demon be take over the world . intercut between fenton and adam : fenton Adam ? be that you ? what ... adam I can not take it anymore fenton . I can not destroy they all . they be everywhere . fenton Adam , we need to talk about this ... adam there 's nothing to talk about . whatever happen , you have to take i I to the rise garden . you promise . i remember ? | fenton I be on my way over , alright ? the line go dead . fenton ( cont 'd ) Adam ? Adam !? damn it ! . he slam the phone down and get up . % , int . adam' house -- continuous Adam go back to he desk and sit down . he drink the rest of the bottle and pick up the gun , hold it to he head for a moment , and then pull the trigger . a woman let out a startle cry from down the hall . the song end . int . fentone house -- continuous fenton walk down the hall and look into the bedroom where a@ woman , mary , be asleep in bed with she back to he . he look at the back of she blonde head for a moment and then sigh . he quietly go to the dresser next to the door , open a drawer and take out a handgun . he stare at it for a moment , then shut the drawer , grab he car key off the top of the dresser next to the door , and hurry out . int . adam' house -- later Adam 's corpse be lay half in the chair and half on the floor . Adam 's girlfriend be on she knee , hold onto he , cry . a police officer , henderson , be kneel beside she , try to coax she away from Adam 's body . henderson ( softly ) C 'mon mar 'am . he 's go . c'mon now ... girlfriend ( cry ) oh adaaaam ... Henderson uncomfortably look up for help and see the two paramedics matt , and hubert come in carry a stretcher . they wait for Henderson to take she away . Matt be clean cut in he mid-twenty . he look around awkwardly , try not to look at the woman . hubert be fat and frumpy in he late thirty , and be stare straight at she . he can see she breast dangle in she over- size nightgown perfectly from where he stand . angle on her breast the image be break as Henderson get she on she foot and lead she to another officer who take she out to the porch . Henderson nod at Matt and hubert . they unfold they stretcher and put Adam 's body on it . Matt pull a sheet over he . they all stand and regard the cover body . hubert think the Cowboys will make it to the superbowl this year ? ( continued ) continued : henderson well hell yeah , su matt nlook at the chair ) you guy do not chalk he ? henderson what 's the point ? that 's for a crime scene . matt ~- well be not this a ... henderson ( impatiently ) the gun be in he hand .. there 's nothing to investigate . ( to hubert ) you boy take he on over to the morgue in abilene . tell Ed I will be over directly to fill out the paperwork . hubert nod . matt fs be not you suppose to escort we ? a Henderson look at . hubert who shrug . hubert he 's new . int . fenton be car - night fenton drive down Adam 's street . he see the ambulance and police car in front of Adam 's house . he turn off he light and park down the street . he see the girlfriend on the porch , cry , and the paramedics load the stretcher into the ambulance . he punch he steering wheel . fenton ( upset ) oh goddamnit Adam ! goddamnit ! int . ambulance - night hubert climb into the driver 's side as Matt get in on the passenger side and buckle up . hubert start the engine and put it in gear . ( continued ) 10 . continued : matt should not you buckle up ? hubert look at he , roll he eye , and punch the gas . int . fentone car -- continuous fenton watch the ambulance drive off . he wipe at he tear , and pull out after the ambulance . ext . highway -- moment later the ambulance get on the highway , follow by fenton 's car . int . ambulance -- continuous hubert and Matt drive along in silence . hubert 's eye be half glaze in think as he drive . insert : int . adam' house -- night hubert be look at the girlfriend 's breast . it 's the same scene as before except Henderson and Matt be not there . he walk up to she , pull she up from Adam 's corpse , and kiss she , grab one of she breast . matt ( 0.s. ) Jesus look out ! back to scene : hubert snap to and steer the ambulance back into the lane . a car drive by honk and the driver give they the finger . hubert yeah , fuck you too buddy . matt you almost run he off the road ! hubert see a big shine texaco sign up ahead . he put on the blinker . matt ( cont 'd ) what be you do now ? this be not the exit . hubert gotta take a piss . : matt I do not believe this shit . ( continued ) ty . continued : hubert well believe it . matt man , this be against regulation . hubert look we get we a dead guy back there right ? matt yeah but ... ~ hubert and that dead guy be still gonna be dead whether I stop or not right ? matt yeah man but ... hubert but nothing . I be stop . ext . texaco station -- moment later the ambulance pull into the parking lot and park by the pump . hubert kill the engine and get out . hubert I will be back in a few minute . he lean into the window . hubert ( cont 'd ) lighten up kid this be not necessarily against the rule . he walk off . matt ( watch he go ) asshole . hubert ( walk away ) dipshit . hubert wave at the attendant and then disappear to the side of the gas station . fenton 's car pull in , it 's headlight shine on hubert as he open the bathroom door . int . texaco restroom -- continuous hubert enter , lock the door behind he , walk up to the urinal and unzip he pants . he close he eye , and it be obvious that he be do something other than pee . int . fentone car -- continuous he be park right outside of the restroom door . he sit for a moment , think , then lean over , open the glove compartment , and take out the gun . he check the chamber and get out of the car . int . ambulance -~- continuous Matt look back at the shadow of the corpse , and then at the side of the texaco and frown . int . texaco restroom -- continuous hubert continue to " relieve " himself . ext . texaco restroom ~-- continuous fenton check the restroom door : it 's lock . he look around nervously , position he gun , and kick the door open . he see hubert . hubert see he . they both freeze : fenton with he gun in he hand , and hubert with he dick in he hand . int . ambulance -~ continuous Matt light a cigarette , and watch a pretty young girl pump gas into she car . int . texaco restroom -- continuous hubert face the wall with he hand behind he head . fenton stand behind he with the gun . hubert I know what this must look like but ... fenton hit he with the butt of the gun and he fall unconscious on the bathroom floor . fenton peel off hubert 's white paramedic shirt from he . ext . texaco restroom -- moment later fenton put hubert in the trunk of he car , and shut it . I j3. int . ambulance -- moment later Matt watch the girl put the gas nozzle back . she notice he and smile . as he smile back fenton walk up , get into the ambulance and start it up . Matt glance over at he , but turn back to the girl . matt well it 's about time . you have be in there long en ... fenton slam the ambulance into gear and hit the gas . the ambulance squeal out of the parking lot , hit the curb as it get back on the access road , and cause a car to swerve into a telephone pole . Matt stick he head out the window to see the man from the crash car scream and wave he arm after they . matt ( cont 'd ) Jesus Christ ! do you even see he ? he pull he head back in the ambulance and turn to fenton . matt ( cont 'd ) you just cause a wreck you stupid ... his speech be cut off by fenton 's face . matt ( cont 'd ) what the ... who the fuck ... his speech be cut off again by fenton 's gun in he face . CUT to present : int . doyle's office -- night doyle sit at he desk , look at fenton carefully . fenton just sit , look blankly back at doyle . doyle and where be this paramedic now ? fenton ( shrug ) I drop he off here in Dallas . last night on my way to Tyler . Hell of a guy . he 's probably back in meat by now . doyle meat ? ( continued ) ee oee ee 1 . continued : fenton where all this take place . about 200 mile west of here . just north of abilene . ' doyle why do you go to Tyler ? fenton to bury Adam in the Rose Garden . doyle ~ and why would you do that ? fenton I promise he I would a long time ago . doyle rub the back of he neck , still look at fenton . doyle I have get a lot of problem with what you have just tell I . but I will just lay out the two major one for you . first of all you be describe event that you could not have possibly witness . ( 4 fenton ~ I describe the suicide and the ambulance driver 's reason for stop as I imagine they to be . doyle you have get a pretty sick imagination . fenton ( shrug ) maybe , but the fact remain that my brother do call and he do kill | himself . and the ambulance driver | do stop , and I do catch he go at it like a thirteen year old boy in that bathroom . I fill in the blank with my imagination and from what Matt tell I . doyle Matt ? the paramedic ? fenton nod . ( continued ) continued : doyle ( cont 'd ) and where 's you brother 's body now ? fenton buried in the Tyler Rose Garden . doyle and you do all this because of some promise you make ? fenton yep . doyle that 's a pretty wild story Mr. meek . fenton it 's the truth . doyle look at he and frown . doyle my other problem with this little tale of yours be I can not see what , if anything , it have to do with my case . fenton Adam be the God 's hand killer . he 's the one you be look for . doyle uh-huh . he tell you that before he ask you to take he to Tyler ? if so , you leave that part out . fenton I have not finish . doyle oh there 's more ? fenton a lot more . doyle stare at he for a long moment , and then suddenly stand and smile coldly at he . doyle Excuse I for a moment . fenton of course . ( continued ) ( ss 16 . continued : he cross the office and exit . int . FBI headquarters -- continuous doyle shut he office door behind he and look back through the window at fenton . he walk down to Hull 's cubicle where he 's still work on he computer . the place be even emptier and darker than before . doyle hey Randy . do I a favor and watch my office for awhile . hull what 's up ? doyle . might be a crackpot after all . just keep a eye on he for I . hull yes sir . doyle take off down the hall . Hull look over at the back of fenton 's head through the window . ext . FBI headquarters -- moment later doyle walk out to the ambulance , put on latex glove , and try the door . it 's unlock . he open the door and look inside . a white paramedic 's shirt lay in the passenger seat . there be nothing in the back except for a stretcher . he open the glove compartment and see the gun . he take it out , and check to see if it 's load : it be . he sniff the barrel , put it back in the glove , and shut the door . BA bolt of lightning light up the sky as he walk away . int . FBI office -- moment later doyle sit in front of a computer . he pick up the phone next to he and dial a number from the screen . int . meat police department ~- continuous a pregnant blonde woman sit at the front desk , read a magazine . the phone ring . she ignore the phone and keep read , but pick it up on the third ring . . woman meat Police Department . ( continued ) | i | | | | | | ow ) continued : intercut between woman and doyle . doyle yes , may I speak to the chief of police there please ? this be agent William doyle of the FBI . woman he 's not here right now , may I help you ? doyle ~ well , I have get a man here in my office by the name of fenton meek that ... woman fenton meek ? what 's he do there ? doyle ( confuse ) you know he ? woman yeah , he cause a bit of a ruckus here , steal a ambulance and the paramedic too . e doyle ( ' you already know about it ? woman well , yeah . do you ? doyle he just confess it to I . woman Hell of a thing , huh ? Matt , that 's the paramedic , tell we all about it . just get back into town about a hour ago . ( laugh ) sound like Mr. meek kind of catch hubert with he pants down . the sheriff leave not twenty minute ago to let he out of that trunk . doyle just sit there , think . there be a long pause . woman ( cont 'd ) hey . you still there ? he snap out of it . ( continued ) l$ . continued : doyle yeah . I be go to detain he awhile here for question and then I will have a agent bring he back to you . woman ah there 's no need for that . just tell he to bring the ambulance back . doyle what !? you be not go to charge he ? woman with what ? doyle how about theft , assault , kidnap ... woman Matt do not want to press charge . and I doubt hubert '1l want to from what Matt tell we . and it be just a ambulance , though it be we only one . as long as he bring it back the sheriff say they will be no charge . tell he that will you ? doyle but he steal a corpse ! woman yeah , but it be he brother agent doyle . we have all do some crazy thing when family 's involved . but he will need to bring he back too . make sure you tell he that , okay ? doyle I do not believe this crap . woman Excuse I ? doyle nothing . i'1l tell he . doyle hang up the phone incredulously . int . FBI headquarters ~- moment later doyle walk quickly toward he office , lose in think . Hull see he . hull he 's still in there , sir . doyle huh ? oh , oh yeah . thanks . he keep walk . hull everything alright ? want I to come in there with you ? doyle what ? no , no . everything 's fine . he open he office door . int . doyle's office -- continuous doyle come in . fenton be still sit in he chair . fenton do my story check out ? doyle frown at he , but nod . fenton ( cont 'd ) so be I under arrest now ? doyle cross to he desk and sit down . doyle you should be , but apparently the sheriff there be willing to forgive and forget as long as you bring the body and the ambulance back . no one want to press charge . fenton ( smile ) you have get to love smail town . doyle well , I be not so sure the authority in Tyler will feel the same way about you bury you brother in they public garden . ( continued ) continued : 20 . fenton probably not . doyle you know I get the distinct impression that you be play some kind of game here with I . fenton why be that ? doyle why would you go through all that trouble and then just walk in here and confess it to I ? fenton I do it because I promise Adam I would . I be here because I can not live with what I know anymore . doyle and what exactly do you know ? fenton nod to the picture of he and the woman . fenton that be you mother , be not it ? doyle glance at the picture and then look at fenton for a long moment , size he up . doyle yes it be . fenton I know it . you can tell by the eye . doyle why be you so interested in my picture ? fenton curiosity I guess . it 's the only personal picture you have in here . no family portrait , no snapshot of kid , just that one . why be that ? doyle I do not have a wife or kid . I be too busy for that . ( continued ) continued : fenton why not a more recent one of you mother then ? doyle look at the picture for a long moment , a trace of sadness in he expression . doyle my mother ... die just a few week after this picture be take . fenton I be sorry . I do not mean ... doyle yeah , well why do not we get back to you story . why do you think you brother be the God 's Hand killer ? fenton I know it be he . doyle how ? fenton it start back in Tyler near the summer of seventy - nine ... CUT to flashback : ext . tyler 1979 -- day it be a beautiful , sunny day . the townspeople go slowly about they business , nodd or wave at one another as they pass . a little yellow school bus go down the street and pull over . Children burst out of the bus door . two boy , adam age nine and fenton age twelve , break away from the rest of the child and walk away from the town . the resemblance between they be apparent , though fenton be taller . adam ( sing ) I get the joy joy joy joy down in my heart ! he look to fenton and frown . adam ( cont 'd ) you be suppose to say where . fenton I do not want to sing that dumb song . ( continued ) | | | | Zt. continued : adam you do not have to sing . just say where . fenton ( sigh ) where . adam not now ! I will point to you when it 's time . ( sing ) I get the joy , joy , joy , joy down in my heart ! ( point ) fenton ( roll he eye ) where ? adam ( smile ) down in my heart ! ( point again ) fenton where ? : adam a down in my heart to staaay ! and if the devil do not like it he can sit on a tack ! ( point ) fenton where ? adam no ! you be suppose to say ouch now ! I will start again . I get the ... they turn down a road with a big banner hang across it that read , " Tyler Rose Garden '' . ext . tyler rose garden -~ moment later they walk down a little cement path that run through the huge and sprawling garden . . fenton ( v.0 . ) we live right behind the Tyler Municipal Rose Garden ... ( continued ) continued : every rise imaginable be in bloom around they . Adam chase a butterfly as he sing he song . they walk off the path to a wire fence at the back of the garden . on the other side of the fence be a small gravel road that run from around the garden to a old wood and brick house . fenton ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) . in the house where they use to keep the gardener back in the fifty . dad get a good deal on it back when he and mom get marry . they climb the fence and head toward the house . int . house -- later Adam sit on the floor in the live room watch banana split on television . fenton ( v.0 . ) Adam be three year young than I . we mom die give birth to he so I basically take care of he ever since I can remember . fenton be in the kitchen , prepare dinner . fenton ( v.0 . ) ( cont'd we dad work as a mechanic over in Chandler at a Ford dealership . he usually get home around five thirty and we would all have dinner together . dad come into the kitchen . it be the same man from the picture in Adam 's suicide scene . he be in he mid-to- late forty with thinning dark hair . he put he lunchbox down on the table and smile at fenton . dad hey kiddo . something sure smell good . int . kitchen -- moment later Adam , fenton , and dad all sit around the kitchen table , put food on they plate from various bowl and plate . Adam pile peas on he plate . dad ( to Adam ) whoa there tiger . save some for we . ( continued ) 23. continued : adam I love peas ! dad mlaugh ) you must . dad take the bowl from he and put it back on the table . dad ( cont 'd ) better be careful though . you might - turn into one if you be not careful . Adam giggle and put a big spoonful of peas in he mouth . dad ( cont 'd ) ( to fenton ) so how would you do on that math test ? fenton ( look down ) I barely pass . dad I never be any good at math either . shoot , I still can not do anything without a calculator . fenton but I have get another test next week , and it 's go to . be even harder . dad oh do not sound so gloomy about it . we will sit down this weekend and see if we can not figure that junk out together , alright ? fenton smile at he and nod . int . bedroom -- later there be two single bed with a little nightstand between they . on Adam 's side of the room there be a Pete 's Dragon poster and a toy box . there be a farah fawcett poster and one of the Dallas cowboy 's 1978 team on fenton 's side . Adam be already lay in he bed , play with a couple of Star Wars figure . fenton change into he bed clothes . adam hey fenton , can we go see meatballs after school tomorrow ? ( continued ) continued : fenton climb into bed . fenton you have already see it . adam I want to see it again . fenton we be go to see alien . adam we can not . it 's rate R. dad come in . dad teeth all brush ? they both nod . dad ( cont 'd ) you sure about that Adam ? Adam nod emphatically . dad go to he bed and lean down . dad ( cont 'd ) come on . breath test time . Adam breathes on he . he cringe dramatically and fall on the bed as if he have die . fenton break up laugh . Adam shake dad . adam I do brush they ! dad open he eye and laugh . he lift up and put a arm around Adam . dad I be just yolk with you egghead . he give he a squeeze , and kiss he on the forehead . he stand and look over at fenton , who rolis over . dad ( cont 'd ) do not worry fenton . I know you be too big for a goodnight kiss . fenton roll back over and smile at he . he reach down and tousle fenton 's hair . he click off the lamp between the bed . a night - light still shine next to the lamp on the wall . dad see it . ( continued ) continued : dad ( cont 'd ) {to fenton ) be not you too big for a nightlight '' too ? fenton Adam like it on . adam no I do not . you do . fenton ( guiltily ) I do not like it too dark . dad 1 ( smile ) 1 well goodnight boy . sleep tight . adam do not let the bed bug bite ! dad that 's right . Love you . adam Love you too . fenton goodnight dad . he walk out and shut the door , leave it crack . lift up . adam I want to see meatballs . fenton you can see meatballs and I will see alien . adam ( whine ) but I do not like to watch movie by myself . fenton too bad . adam please . ( continued ) Adam continued : zt fenton ( sigh ) alright . just go to bed . Adam smile and lay back down . fenton lay there stare up at the ceiling , slowly drift off . fenton ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) that be we family . just the three of we . all of Mom and dad 's relative have die off . there be no one but we leave . we do not mind though . we do not need anyone else . we be happy together ... he close he eye . fenton ( v.0 . ) ( cont 'd ) until ... int . bedroom -- later fenton 's eye snap open . the light be on . dad be stand between they bed in he underwear . dad ( excited ) come on , wake up . Adam lift up , confuse and tired . adam dad ? dad get up boy . I have get something to tell you . fenton what 's wrong ? dad sit down on fenton 's bed . dad come over here Adam . Adam get up and get on the bed with they . , dad ( cont 'd ) I want you to wake up and listen to I . be you awake ? they both look sleepy , but they nod . ( continued ) 28. continued : dad ( cont 'd ) I love you both . you know that do not you ? they both look confuse , but they nod again . dad ( cont 'd ) I need you both to listen to I very carefully . int . dad' bedroom -- night dad be lay in bed , asleep . fenton ( v.0 . ) he say he would have a vision that night . the room slowly fill with light from a unseen source . dad open he eye and see the room wash with light . a figure come out of the light , move slowly toward dad . fenton ( v.0 . ) ( cont 'd ) a vision from God . the figure reach the bed and dad see that it be a beautiful angel straight out of a botticelli painting . fenton ( v.0 . ) ( cont 'd ) a angel come to he and tell he the truth of this world ... the angel reach out and touch dad 's forehead . fenton ( v.0 . ) ( cont 'd ) and reveal God 's special purpose for we family ... the room disappear into swirl darkness . int . bedroom -- continuous fenton and Adam sit on the bed stare at dad with a mixture of disbelief and awe . dad we be near the end of the world here boy . I know it 's crazy , but the angel show I . there be demon among we . the devil have release they for the final battle . it 's be fight now , but no one know it , except we and other like we . ( continued ) continued : adam I be scared dad . dad put a arm around he and pull he close . dad there 's nothing to be afraid of tiger . God have choose we . he 's give we job to do . we do not fear demon ; we destroy they . we pick them out one ! by one and pitch them out of this world . this be God 's purpose for we . the ! angel call we God 's hand . Adam think about this . fenton just stare at dad . ' adam ' so we be like super-hero ? dad exactly . a family of super-hero . we be gonna help save the world . dad and Adam be excited . fenton be dumbfounded . fenton but dad , that 's crazy . dad I know it sound that way , but it 's the God 's honest truth son . I would not lie to you . adam so what be we super-power ? dad we can see the demon while other can not . plus the angel tell I God would send we three weapon to destroy the demon with . adam magical weapon !? dad I imagine so . Adam 's face light up with excitement . fenton just stare numbly at he father , he eye glaze over in shock . adam . when do we get they ? ( continued ) continued : dad I do not know son . the angel just say soon . I do not know anymore than what I have just tell you except that we can not tell anyone about this . the angel be pretty clear on that . if we tell anyone , we put they and ourselves in danger . the angel say God be watch we , that certain star be like camera that transmit everything we do straight to God . be not that neat ? Adam nod enthusiastically . fenton just stare off in space . dad notice he expression . dad ( cont 'd ) I know it 's hard to swallow fenton . I want to wait to tell you once I have it all figure out myself , but the angel say I have to wake you up and tell you now . fenton do not seem to hear he or see he , he be ina complete daze . dad ( cont 'd ) ( concerned ) fenton ? hey , look at I ... fenton ? angle on fentone face fenton ( v.0o . ) I do not know what to say or how to feel . it be too crazy and mess up to understand or even acknowledge . I do not realize it at that moment , at least not consciously , but my happy and mostly secure world have just be flip over and there be dark thing under there . very dark thing . and my little boy 's mind just could not take it . int . bedroom -- morning dad ( 0.s. ) Adam ! fenton ! fenton 's eye snap open . he lift up and look around , register where he be . sunlight stream into the room . Adam be still asleep , clutching he princess leia figure . ( continued ) continued : bl dad ( 0.s. ) ( cont 'd ) up and at them boy . fenton pull back the cover as dad appear in the doorway . dad ( cont 'd ) ( smile at fenton ) Morning kiddo . he go to Adam 's bed and shake he leg . dad ( cont 'd ) 7 '' C 'mon lazy bone . Adam stir and mumble . dad ( cont 'd ) c'mon , it 's late . we oversleep . fenton just stare at dad . dad ( cont 'd ) snap to it boy and get dress . the bus have come and go and that mean I be take you to school . so get a move on it . he head out the door . fenton stare after he , and then look over at Adam as he lift up . Adam yawn and they look at each other for a moment . adam what 's wrong with you ? fenton snap out of it . fenton nothing . int . truck -- later dad be drive with Adam - next to he - and fenton next to the window . the boy eat toast as dad drive . patsy cline 's walk after Midnight Plays softly on the radio . fenton ( v.0 . ) none of we mention it . it be only a dream , a nightmare . nothing that crazy could be real . everything be okay , just like before . the truck pull into the school parking lot . dad put it in park and look over at he son . ( continued ) continued : dad well , have a good day at school . fenton open the door to get out . dad ( cont 'd ) and remember not to tell anyone what I tell you last night . fenton freeze . Adam push he out , and get out himself . adam we will not dad . bye ! he shut the door and dad drive away . Adam walk off toward the school , leave fenton stand in a daze . int . classroom -~- afternoon the teacher talk as she write math equation on the chalkboard . fenton sit at he desk , watch she with heavy eye , try not to fall asleep . fenton ( v.0 . ) I refuse to believe it . it be just a dream . that whole next week be just a dream too ... int . house -- evening fenton be in the kitchen prepare dinner . Adam sit at the table , draw with crayon . fenton ( v.o. ) like when dad start bring home the magical weapon . dad come in excited , hold a ordinary wood - handle axe and a old pair of work glove . he talk excitedly to fenton and Adam , gesture with the axe . insert : int . truck -- morning dad drive down a country road . it be overcast outside . fenton ( v.0 . ) he be on he way to work ... there be a old break down farmhouse ahead . fenton ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) when God call to hin . ( continued ) 22. continued : suddenly a beam of light appear out of the sky and shine behind the farmhouse . dad slow down and pull over across from it . he get out of the truck and walk toward the side of the house . ext . farmhouse -- moment later dad walk up the dirt path around the house and see a pile of rotted wood . there stick in the middle of one of the log be a axe with a pair of old work glove next to it . the light shine on they from the heaven above . '' back to scene : int . house -- evening dad and Adam smile excitedly at one another . Adam reach out and touch the axe blade in awe . dad ( look at the glove ) I still do not understand what this be for though . fenton turn away and busy himself in the kitchen . dad notice he and look concerned . int . classroom -- afternoon the teacher talk and write on the chalkboard . fenton sit at he desk , he eye close and open sleepily . fenton ( v.0 . ) just a long long dream ... int . house -- night fenton and Adam sit on the couch , watch mork and mindy on television . dad come in with a piece of lead pipe and gesture with it . dad ( excitedly ) we get them all ! wo not be long now . the angel come again last night and tell I that God will send we a list of we first seven demon soon . Adam jump up to look at the new weapon . fenton look away and stare at the television set . dad ( cont 'd ) once we finish the first list another will come , and then another and ( more ) ( continued ) continued : dad ( cont 'd ) another for the rest of we life or until all the demon have be destroy . adam yeaaa !! fenton just stare at the television without emotion . fenton ( v.0 . ) it be not real . it could not be . I just have to wait it out ... int . kitchen -- evening fenton wash dish . dad sit at the table smoking a cigarette . he watch fenton , but fenton ignore he . dad come over here a minute fenton . fenton I be wash dish . dad they can wait . come here . I want to talk to you . fenton reluctantly stop and dry he hand on a towel . he go to the table and sit down . he stare down at he hand . dad look at he and take a deep drag off of he cigarette . dad ( cont 'd ) ( exhales ) fenton , I know you have have some problem adjust to everything that 's happen this week , and I be sorry son . I really be , but God have will it , and we have to obey God . fenton but maybe you just think he do or dream it . dad he do . I would not lie to you son . - fenton but maybe you be ... you be not right in the head dad . maybe you need help . ( continued ) 34 . I ee 's continued : bs , dad ( smile ) it happen fenton . God send a angel to I . it 's true . I be not crazy . you will see that soon . that 's what I want to talk to you about . I have the first list now . he pull it out of he shirt pocket , unfold it , and place it in front of fenton . there be seven name on it . the first one be cynthia harbridge . fenton look at it and then up at dad . insert : int . repair garage -- afternoon a car be jack up with dad underneath it , work on it . fenton ( v.0o . ) the angel come to he while he be at work . he be work when suddenly blackness wash over everything . the angel 's beautiful face float in front of he . the angel 's hand reach out of the darkness and touch he forehead , and then the darkness recede and everything go back to normal . he push himself out from underneath the car , lift up , pull a small notepad and a pen out of he breast pocket , and furiously begin to scribble name on it . he stop and look at the name he 's write . there be seven of they . back to scene : int . kitchen -- night fenton just stare at dad as though he 's lose he mind . fenton ( frighten ) but this be people 's name . dad yep and they will look like people too , but they be really demon . fenton look at he with horror . dad ( cont 'd ) the angel say when I lay my hand on they , I will reveal they for what they truly be . that 's what the glove be for . ( more ) ( continued ) 36 . continued : dad ( cont 'd ) I have get to get they and bring they back here with the glove on . once they be here , I take the glove off and reveal they . you will see , then you will believe . he smile at fenton . fenton just stare at he . int . classroom -- afternoon the teacher talk as she write on the chalkboard . fenton sit at he chair , try not to doze off . fenton ( v.0 . ) the dream have finally end . it be all real . my father be insane . he be go to murder someone . he have never be a violent man . I would never see he hit anyone , much less I or Adam . he do not even own a gun . but I know he be go to kill someone ... he finally rest he head on he arm and close he eye . insert : dad swing the axe . : fenton lift up and scream . the whole class turn and look at he . fenton ( v.0 . ) ( cont 'd ) and I have to stop he . ext . rose garden -- afternoon fenton lay on the grass , read the bible . fenton ( v.0 . ) the obvious answer be to tell someone what he be plan , but I could not do that . I love he even if he would go crazy . I have to save he from himself . if he think it be God that tell he to do this awful thing then I have to prove to he that it be not God . that it have to be the devil . so I study the bible look for something to fight he with ... '' fu int . live room -- night dad be lay in he recliner , read a book . Adam be lay in front of the television watch the Love Boat . fenton come in , carry a bible . dad look up at he . fenton open the bible and read . fenton there be a way that seem right to a man , but in the end it lead to death . he look up at dad . dad just look back at he for a moment . dad proverbs ? fenton yep. verse 14 . line 12. dad huh . can I see that ? fenton hand he the bible . dad take it , look at it for a moment , and then hand it back to he . dad ( cont 'd ) read line 32 . fenton take it , find the line and read it aloud . fenton when calamity come , the wick be bring down , but even in death the righteous have refuge . Adam turn away from the television and listen to they . dad you think this be wrong and you be try to prove it . I respect that son , I do , but calamity have come . the end of the world be near and it be we job to bring the wick down . God will take care of we because we be the righteous . do you understand ? fenton but dad what would the baptist say ? we be still baptist be not we ? ( continued ) continued : dad well , before that angel come to I , I be not so sure I really believe os in God . I just be not sure . God : be something far away , that do not exist everyday in my life or at least I could not see it . I go to church more or less out of habit than for spiritual reason . but now I know , I really know that God exist . he be here with we right now . we be beyond religion . we have get a direct line to God . adam do that mean we do not have to go to church anymore ? dad it sure do . adam yeaaa ! fenton look disappointed , but do not say anything . ext . yard -- afternoon dad sit on the ground , pull weed out of the flower bed in front of the house . fenton walk up next to he and get a drink of water from the hose . he wipe he mouth and look over at dad . fenton what about thou shalt not kill dad ? dad sigh and stop what he 's do . dad this be not kill . this be destroy demon . now get out there and finish mow that yard . fenton but what about be careful battle monster lest ye become one ? dad stop what he 's do and look at fenton , impressed . dad shoot fenton , that 's pretty good . I like that . I be gonna keep that one in mind . ( continued ) BA continued : he go back to pull weed . dad ( cont 'd ) now get out there and finish that lawn . int . school cafeteria -- day fenton study the bible while the other child eat and laugh . fenton ( v.0 . ) there be not much in the old testament to use . actually there be more in there to support dad 's case than mine . all kind of gruesome stuff go on back then in the name of God . the new testament , with the exception of revelation of course , be where all the real ammo be . when I find Jesus back there I know it be go to be alright . I finally have dad beat . int . kitchen -- evening fenton and dad sit at the table . fenton look up from the bible in front of he at dad . they just look at each other for a long moment . dad fenton . everything you just say be absolutely right and ' true . fenton smile proudly and dad smile back at he . dad ( cont 'd ) but it only apply to human son , not to demon . fenton 's smile fall away and dad light a cigarette . dad ( cont 'd ) I be proud of you for all this bible read though . you have get determination that 's for sure . you get to revelation yet ? : fenton do not say anything . ( continued ) continued : dad ( cont 'd ) you tell I when you do cause I never could understand half of it , but I figure I should . maybe we could figure it out together . Adam come into the kitchen with a piece of manilla paper . adam hey dad look . I get a list too . he hand it to dad , who look at it . there be seven name write on it in crayon . the first name be billy dobb . dad where would you get this Adam ? adam ( proudly ) God give it to I . dad ( look at the list ) be not billy dobb the kid who be pick on you last week at school ? adam ( nod ) he 's a demon . dad look up at he . dad Adam , tell the truth . you make this list up yourself do not you ? adam no , God ... dad ( sternly ) Adam . tell the truth . Adam look down at he shoe . dad ( cont 'd ) come here . Adam climb into he lap . ( continued ) an. continued : dad ( cont 'd ) you can not just make something like that up son . we destroy demon . if we use you list , we would not be destroy demon , we would be kill people . and we must never do that . destroy demon be a good thing , but kill people be a very bad thing . do you understand ? Adam look ashamed , but nod he head . adam I be sorry dad . dad ( hug he ) . it 's alright , you have just get to be patient . God will send you you own list when you be older . fenton look at Adam and dad with disbelief . fenton ( v.0 . ) I have try to fight he with God , but God have forsaken I . the only thing leave to do be to tell . ext . police station -- afternoon fenton stand in front of the station , look at it and pace back and forth . fenton ( v.0o . ) but that be easier say than do . I stand out there for almost a hour , wrestle with myself . could I really send my dad to prison or a insane asylum ? what if the police do not believe I ? after all it be a pretty unbelievable situation . and if they do not , what would dad do to I when he find out ? a police officer come out of the station and nod at fenton . fenton nod back and hurry off . int . kitchen -- night it be dark outside . fenton and Adam sit at the kitchen table , finish dinner . there be a empty plate at the table . ( continued ) continued : fenton ( v.0 . ) that be the last day of school and dad have promise to take we to the movie that night , but he do not come home from work . fenton get up , take the empty plate , fill it with food , and put it in the oven . int . bedroom -- later Adam lay in he bed . fenton turn off the light and get into he bed . Adam lift up and look over at fenton . adam when 's dad come home ? fenton I do not know . Adam lay back . , adam you think he 's destroy a demon ? fenton that 's all make believe Adam . adam no it 's not , it 's ... fenton ( lift up ) listen to I . none of that demon junk be real . dad just make it up . adam no he do not . fenton he do too . just like Santa Claus . Adam frown . a old wound have be expose . fenton ( cont 'd ) you remember last Christmas when you catch dad put we present under the tree do not you ? Adam 's frown deepen and he nod . fenton ( cont 'd ) it 's just like that . ( continued ) 43 , continued : Adam look unsure . ~ fenton ( cont 'd ) : Adam , have I ever lie to you ? Adam think about this for a moment and then shake he head . fenton ( cont 'd ) that 's right . I have not , but dad have . you have get to trust I now Adam . I be tell you the truth . dad ' sick . demon do not exist . that name on dad 's list be real people . do you understand ? adam but why would he make it up ? fenton I do not know , but I think we should leave . Adam think about this for a moment . adam you mean run away ? fenton a ( nod ) mca would you go with I ? adam I do not want to leave dad . fenton neither do I , but we might have to . adam why ? fenton stare at the ceiling . fenton dad 's go to kill somebody . int . bedroom -- later Adam and fenton be both asleep . headlights from the window wash the room with light for a moment and then disappear . fenton wake up . outside a engine idle for a moment and then shut off . a truck door open and then shut . fenton get up and go to the window . he see dad 's silhouette , carry something over he shoulder toward the house . 4 %. int . front hall -- moment later key rattle in the front door . fenton peek around the corner of the hallway . the door open , revealing dad . he reach in and turn on the front hall light switch next to the door . he see fenton watch hin . dad hey there kiddo . ( motion to he ) come over here and help I . dad turn back to something on the porch . fenton walk toward he and look past he to the porch . he see a woman lay there , she mouth cover with duct tape , she eye wide with fear and tear stream down she face . fenton freeze , stare at the woman . he notice dry blood in she hair and on she forehead . dad bend down , pick she up , and carry she inside the house . her hand and foot be tie . dad ( cont 'd ) ( to fenton ) shut the door . fenton move forward slowly , eyeing the woman in he father 's arm , and shut the door . dad carry she into the live room and put she down on the couch . fenton come in and look at she and then at dad . 4 adam ( 0.s. ) dad ? dad and fenton turn and look at Adam who be stand in the hallway in he pajamas rub he eye . Adam see the woman . adam ( cont 'd ) who 's that ? dad ( look at she grimly ) that 's a demon , Son . int . garage -~ day dad be stand in front of a car with a open hood , work on it . fenton ( v.0 . ) God come to he earlier that day at work and tell he that the time have come . ( continued ) continued : he suddenly stop what he 's do and go to a shelf in the corner of the garage and pull out several phonebook . he flip through one until he find a name . he pull out he list from he pocket and look at the first name on it , cynthia bartlett , and then over at the phonebook where she name , address , and phone number be print . he tear the page out of the book , stuff it in he pocket , and go back to work on the car . int . truck -- later dad drive down the highway . fenton ( v.0o . ) after work he drive down to jacksonville , about 45 minute or so southwest of Tyler . int . truck -- night dad drive slowly down a run-down residential street . fenton ( v.0 . ) he say he would never be there before , but he have no problem find it . God be lead he . he cut the headlight , pull the truck over on the side of the street , and get out . ext . residential STREET -- continuous he look at the house across the street . it 's light be on , and there be the faint sound of music play . he put on the glove and pull out the lead pipe from he back pocket as he walk toward the house . ext . house -- moment later dad go to the front door , hold the lead pipe behind he back , and be about to knock when the door open and Cynthia come out , carry she purse . she shut the door behind she and lock it , never notice dad stand behind she . dad Cynthia bartlett ? cynthia ( turn startle ) yes ? ext . backyard -- moment later dad come out of the backdoor carry the woman over he shoulder , with Adam right behind he . fenton follow after they reluctantly . dad ( call quietly to he ) come on . it 's alright . he lead they to the tool shed near the back fence . it be one of that big red aluminum shed from sear . int . shed -- moment later dad put the woman down on the dirt floor of the shed . Adam stand look at she curiously . fenton linger in the doorway . dad ( to fenton ) come in and shut the door . he do as he be tell . dad go to he work bench where there be a little shelf that hold the axe . he take the lead pipe out of he back pocket and put it on the shelf , and turn to he son . Adam look excited , but unsure . fenton look scared . dad ( cont 'd ) come here boy . Adam go to he , but fenton come to he reluctantly . he put one arm around Adam and one around fenton , and turn they both toward the woman on the floor . dad ( cont 'd ) that may look like a woman , but it 's not . that be a demon . the woman look up at they with tear in she eye , and try to say something from behind the tape on she mouth . dad ( cont 'd ) they all look like human , just like she . but inside they be murderous - beast ... . fenton and Adam look at the woman . ( continued ) 4G , continued : dad ( cont 'd ) .- here to destroy the entire human race . and it be up to we , we family , to destroy they . it be God 's will . when I put my hand on she , you will see the truth . dad pull off he glove and take down the axe from the shelf . fenton look terrify . Adam look mostly curious . fenton dad , do not do this ! dad hold the axe and look at fenton . dad I love you with all my heart fenton . if I could spare you this I would . but this be God 's will and we be his servant . do not be afraid , Son . you will understand when I touch she . ' he move toward the terrify woman . he bend down and extend he free hand toward she . fenton watch he , paralyze with terror . CUT to present : int . doyle's office doyle stare at fenton incredulously . doyle be that true ? fenton why would I make it up ? doyle where 's you father now ? fenton Dead . doyle sit there , think about what he 's just hear . the door open and Hull stick he head in the office . doyle look up at he . hull think about head out . ( glance at fenton ) unless you need I to stay . ( continued ) at . continued : doyle no. no . you go ahead . hull alright , see you later . doyle wave and nod absentmindedly , and Hull leave . doyle look at fenton . doyle so he kill that woman ? right there in front of you ? fenton nod . fenton but not to he way of think . he have not kill a woman . he have destroy a demon . you see , he believe that when he touch she ... CUT to flashback : int . shed -- night dad reach out and touch Cynthia . her eye go wide . fenton ( v.0 . ) .-- he reveal she sin ... insert flash image : cynthia scream in rage with blood smear on her face cynthia hold a plastic bag over a old woman' face as she suffocate cynthia savagely beat a man in the face with a baseball bat back to scene : fenton ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) .-- and the demon within she . Adam scream and recoil from she . dad take he hand off of Cynthia with disgust , and raise the axe . fenton watch dad‘in horror and scream as he bring the axé down . CUT to present : fb . ! ft | int . doyle's office -- night doyle revealed she sin ? fenton that 's what he claim . doyle ( whistle softly ) believe I I have hear all kind of crazy stuff , but that 's a first . what ' do you do ? . ' fenton what could I do ? I watch he kill she and then I watch he bury she . CUT to flashback : ext . rose garden -- night they be in the back of the garden , away from the garden proper . dad dig a hole near a lone rosebush while Adam sit on the ground , hold the flashlight for he . there be three hole in the ground , form a circle , and three black trash bag lay on the ground . fenton sit next to Adam , stare at the bag , cry . dad finish the last hole and pick up one of the trash bag . Adam get up and pick up one too . he throw the bag inside one of the hole . dad no Adam . do it like this . he reach down and pull the bag out of the hole , open it , and dump the content into the hole . dad ( cont 'd ) we have get to do this right boy . the angel be real specific . adam . why do we have to bury they in three different hole ? dad . that 's the way God want it do . we cut they at the neck and the waist and then bury them out here . that 's all I be tell . adam why out here ? ( confinued ) bo , continued : dad God choose it just like he choose we I suppose . dad look over at fenton , see he cry . he go to he and put a arm around he . dad ( cont 'd ) do not cry fenton . it 's alright . she be not human . do not you see that when I touch she ? fenton shake he head no and try to hold in he sob , a few escape he anyway . adam I see it dad . dad smile and wink at he and he smile back . fenton you ... you kill she ... he cry harder . dad I do not kill she son . she be a demon . I do not understand why you do not see it . you be suppose to see the truth just like we do . dad look over at the black trashbags . dad ( cont 'd ) you know I be not so sure I could do it myself . I mean she look like a woman to I too , but after I touch she all I could see be the demon . and I just have to destroy it . that 's what see it do to I . I be sorry you do not see it . : ( get up ) I do not understand why though . but there 's always next time . fenton you be go to do it again ?! dad . this be we job now son . we be God 's hand . you have get to accept that . we have start something we have get to finish . there 's thousand ... ( continued ) continued : fenton you can not ! I will not let you ! dad you can not stop it . we be do God 's wor ... fenton I will tell ! dad 's face go dark , and he grab fenton by the arn . dad if you do , someone will die . maybe even you . the angel be clear on that . do you understand ? fenton cry and try to pull away . dad ( cont 'd ) answer I ! do you understand !? fenton ( cry ) yes ! dad let go of he , and look ashamed . dad I be sorry . it 's just ... I love you . I do not want you to get hurt or get anyone else hurt . you will understand soon . I promise . but until then you have to promise I you will not tell . fenton do not say anything . dad ( cont 'd ) ( sternly ) fenton . fenton i..pr..pr..promise . he reach down and tousle he hair , though fenton jump a little at he touch . dad frown at he reaction . dad you would better keep that promise . remember , God be watch you . ( continued ) continued : dad go back to the hole and begin to fill it with dirt as fenton look up at the star fearfully . CUT to present : int . doyle's office -- night doyle stare at fenton . doyle so you do not tell ? fenton shake he head . fenton I should have , but I be afraid . I love my father , but I be terrify of he . he be a murderer . '' how could I know how far it go ? doyle look lose in think . he glance at the picture of he mother . fenton study he carefully . fenton ( cont 'd ) so now do you understand why I think my brother be the God 's Hand killer ? doyle ( rub he eye ) I suppose . but then again what you have describe happen to you both . so it could be you just as much as he . fenton but I do not believe agent doyle . Adam do . that night I see my father kill a woman with a hand axe , but Adam see he destroy a demon . no matter what I try to tell he , he still believe dad . to he we be knight of God on a holy mission to abolish evil . - doyle think about this for a long moment . doyle do you have any physical proof ? fenton I read in the paper that only one of the body of the six victim have be find . be that true ? ( continued ) on 5s . continued : doyle you read it in the paper do not you ? fenton that do not make it true . doyle well in this case it do . the first victim be find mutilate with a note say that God 's hand have take he . with all the other , only note be find . no body . fenton how do you know they be dead then ? doyle we do not for sure . but the first note tell we we would not find any body from then on . it say he want to keep they . fenton I have get a pretty good idea where the body be . doyle the Rose Garden ? fenton ( nod ) there be other hole out where I bury he . some of they look freshly cover . doyle why do not you tell I that to begin with !? he jump up . fenton would you have believe I ? doyle give he a look . doyle come on . int . FBI headquarters -- moment later doyle and fenton walk through the lobby . the operator glance up at they from she book and then continue read . ext . parking lot -- moment later it be raining lightly . fenton and doyle walk quickly out to doyle 's car . doyle reach into he back , pull out a set of handcuffs , and toss they to fenton . fenton what 's this ? doyle there 's something about you I do not trust . everything you have tell I so far be screwy . it may be the truth like you say , and if it be I will apologize later , but for now you put them on or I will put them on you . fenton put the cuff on as doyle open the backdoor of the car . fenton start to get in . doyle reach out to help he , but fenton recoil . fenton I have get it . doyle back off , let he get in , and then shut the door . int . doyle's car ~- moment later doyle drive . fenton sit in the back . there be a metal cage divider between they . doyle look at he in the rearview mirror and then back at the road . doyle so tell I something . why do you wait so long to come forth ? fenton I do not even know about the case until three day ago . doyle that 's impossible . it 's be all over the news for the past few month . fenton I do not watch the news or read newspaper . doyle you just tell I that you would read a article on it in the paper . ( continued ) continued : fenton I do . I happen to see the headline '' three day ago . God 's hand claim ae sixth victim . I buy the paper and call Adam , but he be not there . I leave a message and he call I back that next night . doyle you know and you leave a message ? fenton I do not know for sure . I suspect . doyle no , you know . admit it . you know and you do not tell anyone . fenton I be tell you now . they drive in silence for a long moment . doyle you have to admit it 's all a pretty big coincidence . I mean , the day after you just happen to notice that there be a killer on the loose , who you know be you own brother , he kill himself . fenton I be tell you the truth . he be the killer . doyle I be just say it 's a pretty hard tale to swallow . fenton yeah , and so be the one I tell you when I first come into you office . but it be true , be not it ? doyle look at he in the rearview and then back at the road . fenton ( cont 'd ) lies be always easy to . believe agent doyle . it 's the truth that 's hard . ( continued ) 56 . continued : doyle I still can not understand how you oo could keep something like that in 2 for so long . fenton we all have secret . do not we agent doyle ? tell I , how do you mother die ? ' doyle look up sharply at he in the rearview mirror . doyle what do you say to I ? fenton you tell I she die after that picture be take . but there be something about the way you ... doyle my mother be none of you damn ... doyle catch himself , though he grip the wheel angrily . fenton do not say anything . doyle coldly watch the windshield wiper wiping away at the rain . om , doyle ( cont 'd ) eon my mother be ... murder . senselessly '' butcher by some whacked out killer like you dad . fenton I be sorry . I do not mean to pry . doyle I do not like to talk about it , but it 's not a secret . fenton I be sorry . doyle forget it . they drive along for a moment . fenton do they ever catch she killer ? doyle nope . ( continued ) continued : fenton be that why you take this job ? doyle something like that . you know , you be pretty good at this . ever think of become a cop ? fenton when I be a kid . doyle you have get the instinct for it . but I have get they too and mine be tell I you be hide something from I . fenton what do you think I be hide ? doyle I be not so sure yet , but my instinct be hardly ever wrong . so why do not you finish you story and I will see if I can not figure it out . CUT to flashback : int . house -- afternoon fenton and Adam sit in the live room watch good Times on television . Adam laugh at the television , but fenton just sit stare at it , lose in think . fenton ( v.0o . ) after that night , I guess you would expect dad to set out to teach we murder like most texans teach they child racism . but nothing happen . dad do not mention it anymore , and neither do Adam . after a couple of week I begin to think it be over . ext . public pool -- afternoon fenton and Adam swim in the water with the other child . fenton ( v.0 . } I know it sound silly and childish that I could actually think that after what I have see , but I want it to be over . I want to go back to be a normal kid again . do ext . basketball court -- afternoon Adam and fenton play basketball with a group of boy . fenton ( v.0 . ) and I do . I bury the whole thing down deep , and pretend that it have never happen . int . bedroom -- night fenton toss and turn in he sleep . - fenton ( v.0 . ) of course there be still the nightmare . he raise up , sweat and cry . ext . river ~- afternoon fenton and Adam sit on the bank , skip rock on the water . fenton lay back on the ground and look up at the cloud . fenton ( v.0 . ) but they come less and less often after awhile . they always say child be resilient creature and I be proof . once a full month have go by I have completely convinced myself that it be over and everything be go to be alright . ext . basketball court -- evening the sun be go down . fenton , Adam , and another boy fenton 's age , eric , walk away from the court to the sidewalk . eric you see duke of hazard last night ? fenton and Adam nod . eric ( cont 'd ) you remember when Daisy bent over !? fenton nod , smile , and Adam look a little confuse . adam I like boss hogg . he 's funny . fenton and Eric pointedly ignore he . ( continued ) ‘5a . continued : eric man , I would do anything to really see she tit . '' | adam om ! you say ... fenton ( mildly ) shut -up Adam . eric ~ ( to fenton ) you want to spend the night tonight ? we can wrap Corey 's house . fenton ( smile and nod ) I will have to ask my dad though . eric ! my mom can call and ask if you want . fenton alright . eric see you in a little bit . Eric run off to one of the house off of the sidewalk . Adam and fenton keep walk . adam what 's wrap mean ? fenton look at he little brother and laugh . fenton come on . I will race you . they take off run . ext . road -~ moment later fenton and Adam laugh as they run down 's the road by the Rose Garden . Adam turn into the drive of the Garden , and fenton stop run and stay on the road . Adam notice that fenton have stop run . adam come on ! fenton look at the entrance to the Garden wearily . ( continued ) continued : fenton Nah , I be go around on the road . Adam walk back to fenton and go with he . ext . house -- moment later fenton and Adam walk up the road in front of they house , look inquisitively at the new white chevy Van park in the driveway . the light in the house be on . int . house -- moment later fenton and Adam walk into the house . adam dad ! dad ( 0.s. ) in the kitchen ! Adam take off through the house to the kitchen , with fenton follow behind he . int . kitchen -- continuous dad. sit at the kitchen table with a notepad and few phonebook in front of he . he flip through one of the phonebook . Adam come in , follow by fenton . adam who 's van be that ? fenton see the phonebook , and then the notepad with seven name write on it , one of they cross out . he look at dad with absolute horror . dad look up and smile . dad our . ai not it a beaut ? ( to fenton ) you friend 's mom just call . I tell she not tonight . we have get some work to do in the morning . ext . residential neighborhood -- day dad 's van be park on the street . int . van -- continuous dad sit behind the wheel , watch the entrance of a house down the street , while fenton sit in the passenger seat , ( continued ) continued : wear a Charlie 's angel t-shirt , and Adam sit in the back drink a Dr. pepper . aman in he late thirty , edward max , come out of the fenton ( v.0 . ) dad tell we that there be moment in everyone 's life when they could just suddenly disappear without anyone know where they go or why . house , and dad tense up . dad there he be . Edward go to he car in the driveway and get in . back out pull the ext . mall Edward 's car pull into the parking lot , park , and he get 's van pull into the parking lot and take the of the driveway . dad wait a moment , and then van out , and follow after he . fenton ( v.0 . ) he say that be the moment when God 's hand could reach out and take you . parking lot -- later spot right next to Edward 's car . out . dad ' int . van - dad , Adam , Adam nod . - continuous and fenton watch Edward disappear into the mall . adam what do we do now dad ? . dad we wait . we will get he when he come out . just like I tell you . remember ? fenton do not say anything . dad ( cont 'd ) fenton ? fenton I can not do this dad . dad can not never could do anything . ( continued ) bea continued : adam I can do it dad . dad smile at he in the rearview mirror . . dad you sure can tiger . fenton but , what if someone see we ? ' dad ~ ! they will not . '' ' fenton but it 's daylight . dad I tell you God will blind they for we . remember ? fenton nod , but still look worried . dad ( cont 'd ) this be the day God choose , Son . it be his will . there 's nothing to worry about . as long as we do his will , he will protect we and help we . fenton but what if he do not ? what if ... dad you have get to have faith fenton . you have get to just let go and trust him or at least trust I . fenton nod again , but without conviction . dad ( cont 'd ) I know you still do not understand it fenton , but we have get to do this . it 's we job . I know you be go to see the demon this time . fenton but I do not want to dad . I be scared . dad there 's nothing to be afraid of . God will protect you . you just have to accept him . come on , bow you head and we will pray together . ( continued ) I 63 continued : dad and Adam bow they head and close they eye . fenton bow he head , but keep he eye open . dad ( cont 'd ) God please speak to fenton and show he you will . give he the courage to serve you and the strength to be you servant ... fenton look nervously over at the mall entrance . int . van -- later -- dad read a book . Adam play with he Star Wars figure in the back of the van . fenton just stare at the mall entrance . fenton ( v.0 . ) '' I know dad 's abduction may seem really simple , but that be simpler time . nowadays you would have to concoct some elaborate scheme to abduct someone . people expect psychos around every corner now . but back then they do not expect it as much . of course accord to dad nothing , not even a camera , could catch we anyway . we be invisible when we be God 's hand . ext . mall entrance -~ continuous Edward come out of the entrance carry a shopping bag . int . van -- continuous fenton tense up at the sight of Edward . he look over at dad , who be still read he book , and then look back at Edward who be walk toward they in the distance . he walk out into the parking lot . fenton try to breathe easy . he look back at dad , but dad have look up and be stare right at Edward . i dad here he come boy . Adam sit up and look excitedly . dad ( cont 'd ) now remember what I tell you . dad put on he glove and reach in between the seat and grab the lead pipe from the floorboard . fenton stare at the pipe in dad 's glove hand with horror . ( continued ) on continued : et fenton ( look up at dad ) I do not want to do this dad . dad look at he and the disappointment be obvious , and then he look back at Edward who be get closer by the second . dad ( sternly ) this be not about what you want , Son . you just do like I tell you and | everything will be fine . now c'mon . _ | ' | dad open he door , put a leg out , but notice that fenton be not move . dad ( cont 'd ) come on fenton . he stare at dad with tear in he eye . fenton I can not . dad yes you can , now move . fenton hesitates . dad ( cont 'd ) ( sternly ) do what I tell you . fenton get out of the van in tear . ext . parking lot ~- continuous fenton see Edward walk right toward he . he get down on he knee and look under Edward 's car . Edward walk up and see fenton . fenton c'mon ... trixie . get out ... from under ... there edward what be you do boy ? fenton look up at Edward with tear stream down he face . fenton my...my ... dog 's under there ... and ... and ...he ...he ... will not ... ( continued ) bs . continued : bo . Edward bend down to he , revealing dad behind he with the lead pipe raise . fenton close he eye tight as dad bring the pipe down on Edward 's head . Edward crumple to the ground , fall on fenton . the van door roll open , revealing Adam , who hoot in delight at what he see . adam you get he ! you get he ! dad grab hold of Edward 's leg and pull he off of fenton . dad - ( to fenton ) help I get he in the van . fenton sit on the ground with he eye still shut tight , shaking with sob . dad sigh and grab Edward by the waist and lift he by himself . int . van -- later dad drive along in silence . fenton 's cry have taper off , but have not completely stop . Adam wrap Edward 's hand together with a enormous amount of duct tape as he lay unconscious on the floorboard in the back . his foot be already tape together with a even thicker wad of tape . dad look back at Adam in the rearview mirror . dad that 's good Adam . do not waste tape . adam you sure ? what if he get loose ? dad you have already use three roll . I think that 's enough . Adam wrap he hand one more time and then stop . dad ( cont 'd ) do not . forget to put some over he mouth like the angel say . Adam pull off a strip of tape and cover Edward 's mouth with it . he pull off another strip of tape and put it on top of the first . . dad ( cont 'd ) that 's enough Adam . ( continued ) continued : adam just one more to make sure it will hold . dad give I the tape . dad reach he hand out behind he while he drive . Adam look disappointed , but put the tape in he hand . dad ( cont 'd ) thank you . adam ( disappointed ) you be welcome . dad smile in the rearview mirror at he , and put the tape on the dashboard . dad you do good tiger . Adam smile proudly . dad lodk over at fenton , and frown . fenton just stare ahead at the road . int . shed -- night Edward be tie to a chair with he mouth cover in duct tape and dry blood in he hair . he open he eye and see dad stand over he . dad Edward maas ? the man shake he head yes , he eye wide with fear and confusion . he moan something through the tape . dad look at fenton who stand against the shed wall next to Adam . dad ( cont 'd ) you think that 's a innocent man there , do not you ? well , it 's not . fentone p.o.v . dad walk over to Edward and put he hand on he . dad jerk as though he 's be shocked . Edward look up at dad , he eye wide with fear . dad be p.o.v. Edward sit in .a live room , watch a sitcom . over the sound of the television , there be a baby cry off screen . on the couch next to he be two dead body , a man and a woman . he laugh hysterically at the sitcom , blend with the baby 's cry . ( continued ) et continued : adam be p.o.v . a bright shine light illuminate the shed . angel appear out of the light and circle Edward . dad take he hand off of he and step back , seethe with rage . dad ( cont 'd ) do not think anyone know about that do you !? he go to the workbench and pick up the axe . dad ( cont 'd ) but God see you . he move closer to he , hold the axe with both hand . fenton ( move forward ) dad do not ! do not ! dad and you can not escape God 's wrath ! he swing it straight at the man 's head . blood splatter fenton 's Charlie 's angel t-shirt . ext . rose garden -- night Adam and fenton dig hole while dad sit on the ground , smoking and watch fenton . dad I can not believe you still do not see it . > fenton look up hatefully at he , but keep digging . dad ( cont 'd ) he be a murderer fenton . he kill little baby ! he get up from the ground and toss he cigarette . dad ( cont 'd ) ( upset ) Babies . he walk off toward the house in the distance . fenton stop digging and take one of the black trash bag and dump it in one of the hole . he stand over the hole and look down at the bloody mess . ( continued ) continued : fenton he 's the murderer . we have get to get out of here Adam . Adam look over at he as he dig . adam what do you mean ? fenton we have get to run away . remember I tell you we might have to . adam I do not want to run away . fenton we have to . dad 's crazy Adam . he 's a murderer . adam no he 's not . he 's a demon slayer . fenton that 's all lie Adam . adam no it 's not . I see it when he touch they . fenton look angrily at he brother . fenton no you do not ! dad 's brainwash you . it 's all a big lie . he 's a murderer and you help he ! adam nuh-uh ! we be serve God 's will ! I be gonna tell dad on you . fenton charge at Adam who drop he empty bag and run off toward the house . the wind catch the empty bag and blow it into a rise bush where it snag on the thorns . fenton fall to he knee and cry as Adam run off . blood drip from the empty bag onto a rise . int . house -- later fenton come in , look exhaust . he enter the live room and find dad sit in he recliner in the dark . they look at each other for a long moment , but neither say anything . fenton walk off down the hall . cf int . bedroom -- morning it be very early . dad come in fully dress and shake fenton awake . dad get up and get dress . and do not wake you brother . | fenton watch he leave the room . he look over at the clock and see that it be 5:03 am . int . kitchen -- moment later fenton come into the kitchen look sleepy . dad sit at the table sip a cup of coffee . dad look up at he . dad sit down . ' he take the seat across from dad . dad ( cont 'd ) you brother tell I what you say last night . I want you to know that I have never kill anything in my entire life fenton . fenton that 's a lie and you know it . dad ( sigh ) when God ask I to destroy demon , I have to trust God 's word that they really be demon . it be a question of faith . I have hear preacher call it the leap of faith . and I take that leap . I choose to believe . ( beat ) and when I do that , everything flip over . and I nrealize that it be the right thing . it be my destiny . fenton just look at he . dad ( cont 'd ) I do a lot of think and praying last night after you go to bed . I pray for a angel to visit you . ( more ) ( continued ) no yo continued : . dad ( cont 'd ) but instead one visit I ... and tell I something I ... I do not want to believe . fenton what ? dad it do not matter because together you and I be go to prove he wrong . JI love you son . I do not ~ want anything to happen to you . dad look down at he coffee . dad ( cont 'd ) you just do not have any faith . that 's why you can not see the truth . nlook up at he ) but we be go to change that . ext . backyard -~ moment later the sun be barely start to come up . there be a glaze of dew over the grass . dad come out of the shed with fenton follow he , carry a shovel . dad walk out into the yard and look around . he walk back toward the side of the shed and stop , look at the ground . he motion for fenton , and point at the ground . dad I want you to dig a hole here . it will need to be about twenty foot deep and about twenty foot wide in both direction . fenton look at he incredulously . dad ( cont 'd ) the length and width should form a ( perfect square . fenton what !? dad you hear I . fenton why ! ? ( continued ) continued : dad ' take that tone out of you voice . a because I tell you to . you might think I be some craze killer , but I be still you father and you will do what I tell you . you understand I ? fenton do not respond . dad ( cont 'd ) ( in a warning tone ) fenton . fenton yes sir . dad now , we be go to build ourselves a little cellar out here . fenton a cellar ? dad yep . and until you give in to God 's will and accept you place in this family , you be go to do most of the work by yourself . fenton I can not do that by myself . I do not even know how to build a cellar . dad I will take care of that . all you have to do be the labor . fenton all of it !? dad yep . you be go to serve God 's will one way or another . and God want we to have a cellar to help we in we mission so get to work . he walk off . dad ( cont 'd ) ( call behind he ) I want at least half that hole dig when I get home from work . ( continued ) continued : fenton but dad ! I can not do that ! dad pray . maybe God will help you . fenton watch he disappear around the side of the house , and then look down at the ground angrily . ext . backyard -- later it be late morning now . the dew be go and the sun blaze in the sky . fenton dig the hole . it be about five foot wide and long , but only about two foot deep . there be a small pile of dirt by the hole . he be cover in sweat . fenton ( v.o. ) I start digging that goddamn hole , but I do not pray . I would not . I hate God . I despise him . my hatred help I dig . it keep I go . dad 's or God 's or the angel ' or whoever 's plan it be would not work on I . I know what dad be do be wrong and nothing be go to change that . ext . backyard -- later the sun beat down on fenton as he dig diligently . his shirt be now off and tie around he head . his back be slightly sunburn . he be literally drench in sweat . the hole be about three foot deep , and about ten foot in length and width . fenton dig steadily , throw dirt over he shoulder into the ever grow pile by the hole . adam ( 0.s. ) hey fenton . fenton keep digging , lose in think . adam ( 0.s. ) ( cont 'd ) fenton ! fenton stop and look up at he brother . he be hold a big plastic cup of water . he extend it to fenton . fenton take it and gulp half of it down . Adam look at the hole . adam ( cont 'd ) how big do it have to be ? fenton twenty foot long , wide and deep . ( continued ) wt 13 continued : adam ( eye wide ) that 's huge . fenton put the cup down and start to shovel again . Adam watch he for a moment . adam ( cont 'd ) I be sorry I tell on you . he stop digging and look at Adam . fenton you do not tell he what I say about run away , do you ? adam no . fenton will you go with I then ? adam ( shake he head ) there 's no reason to go . fenton he 's a killer Adam . adam no , he 's not . why can not you just believe ? dad say we could both help you dig the hole if you do . fenton look angry , but do not say anything . he begin to dig again . adam ( cont 'd ) I have be praying for you . he dig faster , he anger mount . adam ( cont 'd ) have you be praying ? fenton ( snap at he ) nope . and I be not go to . adam but dad say that ... ( continued ) continued : fenton I do not care what dad say ! he might be able to make I dig this stupid hole , but he can not make I pray . adam but maybe if we both pray God will show you the truth like he do for I and dad . fenton stop digging and look sharply at he . fenton you be as crazy as dad . just get out of here and leave I alone . Adam look crush . fenton go back to digging . Adam turn to go , but turn back . bdam I will help you if you promise you will not tell dad . fenton I do not want you help . he keep digging . adam but there 's another shovel in the ... fenton get out of here ! he throw dirt at he , and he run off . fenton watch he run off , and frown regretfully . fenton ( v.0 . ) ( cont 'd ) I want to run away , far away , but I still could not leave Adam no matter how crazy dad be turn he . and besides , there be nowhere to go . fenton go back to digging . ext . backyard -- later the sun be start to go down . fenton still dig , but a little slower than before . the hole be considerably deeper now , about five foot deep , but still about ten foot long and wide . the dirt pile have grow considerably . ( continued ) yo , continued : dad ( 0.s. ) look like you have be busy . fenton look up and see dad stand over the side of the hole . dad ( cont 'd ) ai not exactly half , but it 's impressive . pretty smart way to do it too . I would not let it get much deeper before you start the other half though . - fenton climb out of the hole with the shovel , and start to dig at the edge of it to make it longer . dad ( cont 'd ) oh , I would say that 's about enough for today . come on in and I will make we some supper . look like we have both have a long hard day . fenton ignore he and keep digging . dad ( cont 'd ) fenton . I say that 's enough . fenton keep digging . dad watch he for a moment . dad ( cont 'd ) ( sigh ) well supper will be wait for you when you decide to come in . you do good today fenton . he look at fenton for some sort of response , but get none . fenton just keep digging . dad sigh again and walk off . fenton never stop digging , a angry look of determination on he face . ext . backyard -- later it be pitch dark out now . the only light be from the porch . the hole be a little longer now . fenton stop digging and put the shovel down . he look at the hole for a moment and then start to walk toward the house . int . house -- moment later fenton enter from the backdoor in the kitchen . he look hungrily at the plate of cold food sit on the table , but walk past it . he walk down the hall and go into the bathroom . ( continued ) continued : we the sound of the television play and dad and Adam laugh be hear in the background . he turn on the faucet in the sink , wince at the pain . his hand be a bloody mess of pop blister . he put they under the water and cry out softly . int . kitchen -- later fenton sit at the table , eat . it be hard for he to hold he fork and knife because of he blister hand . dad enter from the hallway and see he at the table . dad finally give up , huh kiddo ? fenton I do not give up . I will be out there again in the morning . dad frown at he and sit down across from he at the table . dad I do not mean it like that . look , I do not want to fight with you son . I love you . I be not do this to hurt you . fenton keep eat , stare down at he plate . dad ( cont 'd ) I wish you could understand that . fenton keep eat . dad watch he for a moment . dad ( cont 'd ) do you pray while you be out there ? fenton ( look up defiantly ) nope . dad frown , but do not say anything . fenton keep eat , but drop he knife loudly on the plate . he pick it up again , but it 's obvious he 's in pain . dad what 's the matter with you ? fenton nothing . dad let I see you hand . ( continued ) oo , continued : fenton they be fine . dad reach out and pull one of fenton 's hand out where he can see it . dad do not you use glove today ? fenton pull he hand away . fenton I do not need they . I be fine . dad get up , go to the kitchen cabinet , and get some aspirin . he take a couple out of the bottle and try to hand they to fenton . dad here . it will ease the pain . fenton I say I be fine . dad fenton , I know you be mad at I , but that 's no reason to cause yourself pain . now take they . fenton hesitates , but take the pill and swallow they . dad watch he with a concerned look on he face . dad ( cont 'd ) there 's a pair of work glove out in the shed . fenton they have get blood on they . dad I do not mean that . there 's some other . I want you to use they from now on . they will not do you any good now that you have wreck you hand , but in a few day you will be fine . fenton keep eat . dad : ( cont 'd ) you do good out there today fenton . he try to tousle he hair , but fenton pull away . ( continued ) 79 i | | { continued : " 9 dad ( cont 'd ) I be proud of you and I know God 's proud of you . so take the next few day off . let you hand heal , and then you can get back to it . alright ? fenton do not respond . dad ( cont 'd ) do you hear I ? fenton ~- ( flatly ) I hear you . dad well , good - night then . fenton stare silently at he plate . dad sigh and exit . ext . backyard -- morning it be extremely early . the sun be just barely start to come out . fenton come out of the house , walk out to the hole , and look down at it . he take the shovel from where he leave it the day before , and wince from the pain in he hand . he slowly start to dig in the dew cover grass . ext . backyard -- later the sun be out , but it be still early morning . fenton still dig . the back screendoor creak open and shut in the distance . fenton keep digging . dad walk up to the side of the hole and watch he for a few moment . fenton notice he , but do not look up or stop . dad walk off . after a few moment , a pair of glove hit he in the head . he stop and look in the direction of where the glove come from , and see dad 's back walk away . he look at the glove , and start to dig again . , fenton ( v.0 . ) I keep digging . my hand hurt , but I would not stop . the pain help I keep go . it feed my hatred . I would never give in to dad or he God . ext . backyard -- evening the sun be go down . fenton keep digging . the hole and the pile of dirt beside it be both considerably larger . ( continued ) continued : fenton ( v.0 . ) I keep digging and dad keep kill . dad come around the side of the house , carry a person over he shoulder , with Adam follow behind he . fenton stop digging and watch they . dad look over at fenton , they eye lock for a moment , and then he disappear into the shed . Adam go in and shut the door behind then . fenton ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) but he leave I alone . fenton go back to digging . fenton ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) I keep at it morning , noon , and night for five day . ext . backyard . -- morning fenton stand on the edge of the giant hole , look down into it . fenton ( v.0 . ) and by the sixth day , it be as dark and deep as my hatred for dad 's God . dad walk up from behind fenton , and peer down at the hole . dad well you finish it alright . fenton just stare down at the hole . dad ( cont 'd ) but I bet you do not pray once the whole time . do you ? fenton look up at dad , defiant and proud . fenton nope . dad look at he wearily and then back down at the hole . ext . house -- day the van be park way up in the driveway near the backyard . the side door of the van be open and there be stack of wood inside of it . Adam and fenton take wood from the van to the backyard where dad be in the hole , use a hoe to smooth out the ground . they stack the wood next to the hole . ( continued ) 74 continued : fenton ( v.0o . ) we start the cellar after that . at least that 's what dad call it , but I know better . we be building a dungeon down there . fenton stack the wood and stare down at dad in the hole . ext . backyard -- day there be the beginning of a wooden cellar in the hole . dad , Adam , and fenton hammer away . fenton ( v.0o . ) it be not much of a cellar though or even a dungeon . dad be definitely no architect . ext . backyard -- day the cellar have a roof now . fenton ( v.0 . ) we basically build a big wooden box in the ground . int . cellar -- day there be a lantern , but it be still somewhat dark . fenton and Adam help dad build a stairway that lead up to the top of the hole to a open hatch where sunlight flood in . fenton ( v.0 . ) but dad say it would hold . God would see to it . ext . backyard -~- day fenton and Adam and dad stand on the ground , shoveling dirt onto the cellar , cover it up . int . cellar -- continuous the makeshift support beam creak , but hold . ext . backyard -- later : the cellar be completely cover up with pack dirt , except for the hatch . fenton and Adam come in and out of the shed , take thing out of it , and put they in the yard . dad pack the dirt some more with the back of a shovel . & ( ext . backyard -~ later they move the shed , with dad on one side and fenton and Adam on the other , and position it over the cellar hatch . int . shed -- moment later Adam and fenton and dad put stuff back in the shed . dad look around , satisfied . dad you do good boy . especially you fenton . fenton ignore he and keep arrange thing . dad frown . int . house -- night fenton and Adam sit in the live room watch happy day on television . dad 's van be hear pull up in the driveway . Adam jump up and run to the front door to greet he , but fenton do not move . fenton ( v.0 . ) the next night he bring home another demon . fenton hear dad come in and Adam greet he . dad ( 0.s. ) hey tiger . where 's you brother ? adam ( 0.s. ) watch tv . dad ( 0.s. ) fenton ! fenton stay where he be and do not say a word . he hear dad 's footstep come down the front hall . dad ( cont 'd ) fenton ! ? fenton look at the entryway to the live room , and see dad stand there , hold a teenage guy over he shoulder , he hand and foot tie together with duct tape . dad ( cont 'd ) fenton , you answer I when I call you . come out to the cellar . fenton stare at he stubbornly , and do not move . ( continued ) continued : 82 dad ( cont 'd ) ( sternly ) now . fenton get up angrily , and dad turn to walk away . when he do , fenton see the teenager 's terrify face . there be tear in he eye and duct tape over he mouth . int . cellar -- moment later dad put the teenager down on the floor . Adam hold the lantern , look at he curiously . the teenager look back _ at Adam and seem to calm down a little . fenton hang back on the step . dad notice hin . dad get down here . fenton do as he 's tell , though slowly . dad peel off he glove and pick up the axe from the corner of the room . he walk toward fenton , and extend the axe to he . fenton look at it , but do not take it . dad ( cont 'd ) ( sternly ) it have to be do . it 's God 's will . he extend the axe to fenton again . dad ( cont 'd ) now do it like I show you . the neck first . the teenager squirm and moan on the floor . fenton look from he to dad to the axe , and then run back up the step . dad ( cont 'd ) fenton ! get back here ! fenton ! dad hear the shed door slam . adam I will do it dad . he look at Adam and then at the teenager . ext . house -- moment later fenton run away from the house quickly , and break into a sprint once he hit the gravel road . ( continued ) continued : 5 fenton ( v.0 . ) I have try to save Adam and dad , but they would not let I . so the only thing leave to do be to save myself . the star shine down on he . fenton ( v.0 . ) ( cont 'd ) I half expect angel or even God himself to come out of the night and stop I . but I have to do it . I have ~ to put a end to the whole thing . ext . police station -- moment later fenton run up to the station and enter . int . police station -- continuous fenton run in , panting . the place be empty . fenton ( look around ) hello ? no one answer . fenton walk through the place , look increasingly worried . fenton ( cont 'd ) hello ! hello !? there be no one there . fenton ( cont 'd ) ( scream in panic ) hello !!! a door open down the hall , and deputy small stick he head out . deputy small I be in the bathroom for christ 's sake ! I will be there in a minute ! int . police station -- later deputy small sit at he desk look at fenton who sit across from he . . deputy small that 's the craziest shit I have ever hear . ( continued ) continued : $ 4 , he reach for the phone . fenton a , what be you do ? deputy small Calling you dad . fenton you can not ! ' deputy small -- oh yes I can . you should be ashamed of yourself , make up storey like that about you own father . fenton but it 's true ! I can show you . deputy small look at he for a long moment and then hang up the phone . deputy small come on . he get up and fenton follow he . ext . house -- later a patrol car pull up to the house and park . all the light to the house be off . fenton and deputy small get out . fenton it 's around back , under the shed . deputy small ( grab fenton 's arm ) that 's enough of that boy . we be gonna put a end to this . come on . he pull he towards the porch . fenton but he 's in the back . deputy small let 's see what you dad have to say . about all this . they reach the porch and deputy small knock on the door . they wait for a long moment , and then the door open to reveal dad in he underwear , look confuse . @ : ( continued ) continued : bo deputy small ( cont 'd ) Mr. meek , I be sorry to bother you so late and all , but ... on od he indicate fenton . dad see he and frown . int . kitchen -- moment later deputy small sit at the table with fenton next to he . dad , now in a pair of blue-jean , pour deputy small a glass of ice- tea and hand it to hin . dad well , that be quite a tale alright . make I cringe to think he tell lie like that to everyone down at the police station . fenton they be not lie and you know it ! small look uncomfortable at fenton 's outburst . deputy small : well , you can put you mind at ease about that . I be the only one there and of course ... ( look hard at fenton ) I do not believe a word of it , but what get I be why in the world he would make something like that up . that 's why I bring he over here myself . dad ( sigh ) I do not know why he make it up . probably to get back at I for punish he earlier . ( to fenton ) do you tell he about that ? fenton ( to small ) he 's lie . just check the shed . small look to dad . dad I do not know what to do with he . deputy small ( more ) I know . ( continued ) } continued : : sie deputy small ( cont 'd ) they hit puberty and lose all respect for you . you ask I , you should take a switch to he . small get up from the table . dad I have always try to avoid it , but ... fenton jump up and grab small 's arm . fenton check the shed ! or the Rose Garden ! I can show you where they be bury ! small look to dad . dad shrug . dad maybe you should check the shed . deputy small I know there 's nothing out there . ( to fenton ) and so do you . dad well , it will not hurt none . maybe even calm he down a bit . deputy small if you think we should ... dad if it have to be do , it have to be do . ( look hard at fenton ) what do you think kiddo ? do it have to be do ? ext . backyard -- moment later fenton lead small to the shed with dad follow behind . int . shed -- continuous fenton throw open the door and rush to the hatch which be unlock , and pull it open . fenton see !? small look at the hatch and then to dad , who shrug . ( continued ) continued : dad figure we ought to have a storm cellar . dad take a lantern off of he workbench and light it . dad ( cont 'd ) go on down and check it out . he hand the lantern to small . dad ( cont 'd ) just watch you step . I be not much of a carpenter . small take the lantern and follow fenton down into the dark cellar . int . cellar -- continuous fenton and small make it to the bottom of the step . the lantern slowly fill the cellar with dim light . it be empty . deputy small just like I think . fenton look around frantically . fenton but he be here ! deputy small if I be you dad I would bust you butt good for this one . fenton they must have move he . he be here . Adam ! Adam 's get he somewhere ! deputy small I have have about enough of this for one night . small hand fenton the lantern and start climb the stair . fenton wait ! I can show you where the body be bury ! small stop , look back at he , frown and shake he head , and then turn back and continue up the stair . ( continued ) continued : of . fenton ( cont 'd ) wait ! please ! you have get to believe I ! small reach the top of the stair and then suddenly falis back and rolis down the step . he land at the bottom with a thud . fenton run to he and see the blood flow from the huge gash in he chest . he be still alive . he look down at he wound , confuse , and then up at fenton . he try to say something , but can not form the word . there be footstep on the stair . fenton look up and see dad come down the step with the axe in he hand . fenton move back ~~ in fear . dad reach the bottom of the stair and look at the daze deputy who be look right back at he . he lift the axe , but there be tear in he eye . dad May God welcome you and keep you . he bring the axe down . small ' leg twitch a little and then stop . dad throw the bloody axe to the floor , and then turn and vomit . fenton watch he . ext . rose garden -- later fenton dig a hole as dad sit on the ground , wiping tear from he eye . small ' body lay on the ground a few foot away from dad . Adam also dig a hole a little further away from they . beside Adam there be three black trashbags . he finish he first hole , dump the content of one of the trashbags into it , and then start to dig another hole . fenton finish he hole , stick he shovel in the ground , and look at dad who be still cry , though silently . dad notice fenton , and look away . dad I never kill a man until tonight . fenton , I have see you kill plenty . dad look up hard at fenton , and there be hate for the first time in he eye . dad that be demon you heathen ! demon ! Adam stop digging and look over at they . ( continued ) continued : dad ( cont 'd ) opoint to the corpse ) that be a man ! not a demon ! why can not you see that ?! what 's wrong with you ?! why can not you see it ?! fenton you do not have to kill hin . dad I have to protect we mission . I tell you what would happen if you tell ! but you tell anyway ! fenton there be no mission ! you be crazy ! dad jump up and go for fenton . fenton try to back up , but be too slow . dad grab he by the arm . adam ( cry ) dad do not ! dad that man be dead because of you ! Dead because you have no faith ! do not you understand what you have do ! ? fenton I do not do anything ! he pull he into he face . dad you have make I a murderer fenton ! a murderer ! he throw fenton to the ground . he grab the shovel and raise it above he head . Adam scream . fenton cover he head , readying himself for the blow . dad hold the shovel , he face dark with rage . he let out a cry , throw the shovel to the ground , and collapse on the ground sobbing . dad ( cont 'd ) oh God help I . help I God . please help I . Adam go to he and put a arm around he . fenton watch he cry without any emotion . ( continued ) 54 a continued : adam it 's alright dad . do not cry . co fenton get up and push small ' body into the hole . Adam iu look at fenton and frown . fenton start to cover he up with dirt . ext . house -- later fenton walk across the road from the garden , carry he shovel . dad and Adam follow behind he . the patrol car be still park in front of the house . fenton reach the house before they , and start to climb the porch step . dad look at the patrol car and sigh . dad ( call to fenton ) wait a minute fenton . dad and Adam walk up to he on the porch . dad ( cont 'd ) ( to adam} go on inside son . I will be there in a minute to tuck you in . Adam look at dad then at fenton . dad ( cont 'd ) go on . it 's alright . you do good . Adam smile weakly at dad . adam it be easy . ( to fenton ) I destroy a demon . dad ( rub he head ) you sure do tiger . Adam pass fenton on the step and go inside the house . dad watch he go and then turn to fenton . dad ( cont 'd ) come on around back to the shed . he walk off , and after a moment fenton follow he . ao int . shed -- moment later the door be open . dad stand at he workbench , clean off the axe blade with a rag . fenton walk into the doorway , but linger there when he see dad with the axe . dad ( not look up ) come inside and shut the door . fenton hesitates for a moment , and then do as he be tell . dad look up at he , see the fear . dad ( cont 'd ) be you afraid ? fenton nod . dad ( cont 'd ) of what ? fenton ( beat ) you. dad only demon should fear I . he take a step toward fenton , hold the axe casually . dad ( cont 'd ) and you be not a demon . ( beat ) be you ? fenton back up a step , eyeing the axe . dad ( cont 'd ) the angel say you be . fenton look at he with new terror . dad ( cont 'd ) that night before I have you dig the hole . Said you be a demon down deep . that I and Adam could not see it , but that we would in time . Said it be why you would not help we . they stare at each other for a long moment . dad toss the axe to the side of the shed . ( continued ) a continued : az dad ( cont 'd ) but I do not believe that . I ...1 just can not . you be my son , and I love you more than my own life . fenton visibly relax . dad ( cont 'd ) you know what 's funny about this situation fenton ? I be afraid of you . he walk to the cellar hatch , bend down on he knee , and open it . he look down into the darkness of the cellar with a frown . dad ( cont 'd ) I do not understand you , and that scare I . I can not trust you , and that scare I even more . you be the only part of this whole thing that do not make sense to I . he straighten himself and look over at fenton . dad ( cont 'd ) go on . get down there . dad nod to the step . fenton look down into the dark cellar , and then at dad . dad ( cont 'd ) go on . fenton but ... dad I do not want to do this fenton , but I have to after tonight . I have to kill a man because of you . I will not let that happen again . fenton I promise I will not tell again . dad I can not trust you . I wish I could , but I can not . now go on . fenton please dad , I be sorry . ( continued ) continued : 9d dad I be sorry too , son. ( sternly ) now go on before I put you down there myself . fenton but ... but it 's dark down there . dad I do not have time to argue . I have still get to clean up the mess you - cause tonight . now go on . fenton let I take the lantern . dad ( shake he head no ) go. fenton make a run for it , but dad grab he by the arn , pick he up , and carry he down the open hatch as he kick and scream . int . cellar -- continuous dad put he down at the bottom of the step . he try to run up the step , but dad push he back . dad you will stay down here until you see the truth . dad walk quickly up the stair . fenton scramble toward the hatch , but dad close it on he , leave he in total darkness . he beat he fist on the hatch door , cry . fenton I be sorry ! please dad ! please ! he hear dad put the pad lock on the hatch . dad ( 0.5 . ) pray for a vision son . only God can show you the truth . pray to him fenton . only he can help you now . . he hear dad walk off , and the shed door shut behind he . fenton collapse on the step in tear . he wrap he arm around himself , and scream . on ae int . shed -- day Adam open the shed door and come in carry a big cup . he go to the hatch door , put the cup on it , and get on he hand and knee beside it . adam ( to the hatch ) fenton ? int . cellar -- continuous it be completely dark except for a few tiny shaft of light around the hatch door . fenton lay underneath the hatch door , curl up on the step . adam ( 0.s. ) fenton ? he stir and look up . adam ( 0.s. ) ( cont 'd ) fenton ? you alright ? fenton move closer to the hatch and try to see through the crack , but can not . fenton ( rasp ) Adam . get I out of here . adam ( 0.s. ) I can not . intercut between fenton and adam fenton please , Adam . I be scared . adam dad say you have to stay down there until God show you the truth . fenton but I be hungry and I have get to go to the bathroom . adam dad will not let I feed you . he -say it will help you find God . he call it fasting . I bring you some water though . he say you can have a cup a day , but I will bring more if I can . ( continued ) continued : fenton he 's go to kill I Adam . you have get to let I out of here . } adam '' I can not . Adam pick up the cup . adam ( cont 'd ) put you mouth by the crack . here . he pour a little water on the crack . the water trickle down it and into the cellar . fenton put he mouth by it . adam ( cont 'd ) you ready ? here . he pour more of the water into the crack . fenton drink from the trickle , and let 's it wet he face . '' adam ( cont 'd ) you want some more or you want I to save it for later ? fenton more . he gradually pour the rest of the cup down the crack and fenton drink it . fenton ( cont 'd ) you have get to let I out of here Adam . Adam do not respond . fenton ( cont 'd ) Adam ? adam I have be praying for you fenton . we both have . dad say that you will probably be out of there by the end of the week . you just have to accept God 's will . : fenton ( panicked ) I can not stay in here that long ! let I out ! ss ( continued ) 45 — to — — — — es wr co continued : ye he beat on the hatch door and Adam back up from it , tear form in he eye . adam I can not . I be sorry . he walk away from the hatch door . fenton hear he walk out and beat harder . fenton Adam ! please do not go ! please ! he hear the shed door shut , and break down into tear . CUT to present : int . doyle's car -- night the rain beat down on the car . doyle drive as fenton sit in the backseat . fenton . the day come and go . I count they by the crack of light in the hatch door , and Adam 's visit with water . my fear never lessen . I even piss and shit myself because ' I be too afraid to leave my little spot by the stair . doyle that 's awful . fenton the hunger and the stink help I forget the fear for awhile , but it always come crash back . you would have think that I would have eventually get over my fear of the dark , but I do not . I be terrify the entire time . I only sleep when I pass out from exhaustion and fatigue . doyle what about you dad ? do he ever come back to at least check on you ? fenton on the seventh day . CUT to flashback : int . cellar -~ night the hatch door open and light shine down into the darkness , revealing fenton lay in he spot . he lift he head weakly and squint at the figure stand above the hatch , look down at he . dad 's face be fill with misery as he look at he son . dad have God speak to you yet ? fenton try to stand , but fall back down . he lift he head up and look dad right in the eye . fenton ( rasp ) there be no God . dad stand there for a long moment , look sadly at fenton . he shut the hatch and the light disappear into total darkness . the sound stop . there be no light or sound at all . there be nothing but pitch black darkness . fenton ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) I lose count of the day after that . it feel like week . I finally go beyond fear into total insanity . I see God . he have finally send I a vision alright . it be like that line in act , " immediately something like scale fall from saul 's eye and he could see again . " and it be then that I understand my destiny just like dad have say I would . there be a splash sound , and light from the open hatch fall on fenton . he be drench and laugh hysterically . dad be shaking he , and call he name . dad ( worried ) fenton ! fenton ! Adam stand at the top of the stair cry . suddenly fenton stop laugh . dad and Adam both freeze . there be a perfect moment of silence . fenton look up at dad and smile weakly . fenton ocroak ) I see God dad . dad look at he for a long moment , and a big smile spread slowly over he face . ( continued ) oo , continued : as he pull fenton to he , tear of joy in he eye , and caress he head . : dad oh thank you God . thank you . Adam jump up and down with excitement , clap he hand . int . kitchen -- later fenton , now clean up and in fresh clothes , sit at the kitchen table eat a plate of food . dad and Adam watch -- he as he devour the food . dad ( smile ) slow down there . you do not want to make yourself sick . fenton try to slow down a little , but can not help himself . adam ( excited ) . so do God tell you about the demon ? fenton nod with he mouthful . dad smile proudly . fenton I be sorry I doubted you dad . dad reach out and tousle he hair . dad I be sorry too son . they smile at each other . adam what would God look like ? fenton it 's hard to describe . adam be he big ? dad Adam , leave he alone . he can not tell you something like that . you have to see it for yourself . adam but I want to know . ( continued ) continued : 44 dad then maybe you should pray for it . adam ( pout ) it 's not fair . all I have see be angel and he get to see God . dad look at the price he pay for it though . dad look at fenton devour he food . he almost frown , but force a smile instead . dad ( cont 'd ) but that 's all behind we now . this be a new day . be not it . fenton ? fenton smile and nod with he mouthful . adam so we gonna go get we a demon now ? dad after awhile . when fenton 's ready . int . van -- evening dad drive . a ballgame play softly on the radio . fenton sit in the passenger seat , look at a map . Adam sit in the back . fenton ( v.0 . ) a week later I be ready . I remember it be a Friday night near the very end of summer . my first demon be to be Brad White from Dallas . fenton put down the map and look through the windshield at the light and building of downtown Dallas in the distance . ext . STREET -- later the van drive slowly down the street . int . van -- continuous dad drive look at the number on the house . fenton point at one . fenton there it be . ( continued ) continued : it be a small house with a beat - up car sit in the driveway . dad pull the van down the street , turn around , and park by the curb . they all three stare at the house . dad turn on he flasher and look over at fenton . dad you sure you be ready for this ? fenton ( solemnly ) yes sir . dad smile at he , and put on he glove . he pull out a second pair of glove and hand they to fenton . dad I have be save they for you . you might need they now that God have speak to you . fenton take they and put they on . dad ( cont 'd ) alright , let 's go . he reach between the seat and pull out the lead pipe . adam I want to go , too . dad not this time Adam . Adam look disappointed . dad ( cont 'd ) do not worry you time will come . dad and fenton open they door and get out . ext . house -- moment later fenton and dad walk up to the porch . the porch - light be off , but there be a light on inside , and a television can be hear . they reach the front door . dad knock . they hear someone move around inside and come to the door . fenton look up at dad who smile reassuringly . a man in he mid - thirty , brad white , open the door , and look at they . brad yeah ? ( continued ) continued : tol dad I be sorry to bother you , but we have get a flat tire . he point to the van with its flasher go . Brad look out and . see it . dad ( cont 'd ) I be wonder if you have a tire iron . I go off and leave mine at home . Brad look at dad and then at fenton . brad what 's with the glove ? dad to change the tire . brad ( smirk ) do not want to get you hand dirty ? woman ( 0.s. ) Brad ! who be it ? Brad turn and shout back into the house . brad mind you business bitch ! Brad turn back to they and give dad a look . brad ( cont 'd ) goddamn woman . dad force a smile . brad ( cont 'd ) yeah , I think I get one for you . he walk out and shut the door behind he . brad ( cont 'd ) come on . it 's around back . fenton and dad follow he off the porch and around the house . ext . garage -- continuous Brad walk up to the garage and open the door . there be stuff all over the place inside of it . ( continued ) continued : fez brad now let 's see . he flick on a light and start to rummage through the place . dad watch he and slowly pull the pipe from he back . fenton look over and see a hammer lay on the floor . dad get behind Brad and raise the pipe . brad ( cont 'd ) here it be . just as dad be about to bring it down on he head , fenton - accidentally knock over something , and Brad look up and see dad with the pipe . he dodge , and dad miss he . brad ( cont 'd ) motherfucker ! Brad bring the tire iron up and hit dad in the stomach . dad double over . he raise the tire iron to hit dad again , but cry out in pain and grab the back of he neck . he turn and see fenton hold the hammer . brad ( cont 'd ) you little son of a bitch ! he raise the tire iron , but suddenly fall forward revealing dad with the pipe . dad hold he stomach in pain and look at Brad unconscious on the floor . dad grab he leg . int . van -- later dad drive down the highway . fenton sit in the passenger seat stare out the window . Adam be in the back taping Brad 's hand and leg . he finish and slap a extra piece of tape over he mouth . adam all do . dad turn to look and wince . fenton notice . dad be it good and tight ? adam yep . ( continued ) s00 . oo ..— _ — _. lv - S a continued : ( 03 fenton ( to dad ) you alright ? dad maybe some bruise rib , but I will live . if it be not for you , it could have be worse . we might not have get he . fenton I think God be suppose to protect _ we . dad he do . ( smile proudly ) God be work through you tonight kiddo . fenton look back at Brad out cold on the floorboard . dad ( cont 'd ) I have to admit I be a little worried earlier , but now I know everything be go to be alright . I be proud of you fenton . ext . house -- later the van pull up in the driveway . fenton get out and open the side door . Adam be asleep , but Brad be awake . he look right at fenton . dad come around the side of the van and see that Brad be awake . he put on he glove . dad let 's get he in the cellar . ( to Adam ) Adam , wake up . he reach in and shake he . dad ( cont 'd ) come on Adam . wake up . Adam mumble and turn over . dad look at he sleep and smile . : dad ( cont 'd ) might as well let he sleep . we will get he later . dad reach for Brad . ao , int . cellar -- moment later dad drop Brad on the floor . fenton hang back on the step , hold the lantern and the axe . dad step back from Brad , exhaust and hold he stomach . he look over at fenton . dad you know son , I have be wait for this moment ever since all this start . fenton set the lantern down and step forward with the axe , - look at Brad . fenton I be ready to fulfill my destiny . dad look at fenton , smile , and walk over to Brad on the floor , peel off he glove . Brad watch dad and say something muffle by the tape . dad nlook to fenton ) you ready ? fenton nod and move forward next to dad . dad kneel down next to Brad and grab he by the arm . dad 's eye go wide and so do Brad 's . Adam walk down the stair , see dad with he hand on the demon , and he eye widen . fenton lift the axe , a look of determination on he face . dad let go of Brad with disgust . dad ( cont 'd ) ( outrage ) destroy he ! fenton swing the axe . Brad 's eye widen with shock . dad fall back onto the floor with the axe bury in he chest . Adam scream and run down the step . dad look at fenton with pain . dad . ( cont 'd ) how ... could you ... do this ? fenton stare at he coldly . tear fall from dad 's eye . Adam rush to dad 's side , cry . dad put a arm around Adam , pull he close , say something to he , - and die . fenton watch he die , and then turn to Brad and pull the tape off of he mouth . Brad look past he and scream . fenton turn to see Adam with the axe raise above he head . fenton fall back and close he eye and the picture fade to black as Brad scream . ( continued ) ne — — — eea_ — a_=_ew of toh continued : . fenton open he eye and see Adam on the floor , cradling dad 's limp head , cry . Adam see fenton look at he . adam ( cry ) you kill he ! you kill dad ! he 's dead ! he 's deeeeeaad ! he cry uncontrollably as fenton watch he without emotion . CUT to present : int . doyle's car -~- night doyle drive . fenton sit in the backseat . they drive along in silence . there be tear in fenton 's eye . he look out the window at the rain , and wipe at he tear . doyle glance at fenton in the rearview . doyle you have to do it , you know . he be a mad dog . he have to be put down . fenton stare out the window , and do not say anything . doyle ( cont 'd ) so what happen then ? fenton I bury he in the Rose Garden . he do not say anymore . doyle you do not tell anybody ? fenton we go to the sheriff about a week later , right before school start and tell he that dad have not come home one day . doyle wait for he to continue , but he do not . doyle that 's it ? fenton ( sigh ) . the sheriff fill out a miss person report , but never find anything . we be send to separate orphanage after awhile . ( continued ) ) continued : Joe doyle he do not suspect anything ? I mean he deputy disappear a month or so before and he do not suspect anything ? fenton maybe he do . I do not know . he never question we about any of it . he look back out the window . doyle so no one ever know about any of it ? fenton nope . not until now . doyle but what about Adam ... fenton do you mind if we just sit here for awhile ? I do not feel like talk anymore . doyle look frustrated , but do not say anything . ext . road -- morning the rain have stop and the sun be beginning to come out , though it be still very early . doyle 's car drive down the empty road in front of the Rose Garden . int . car -- continuous doyle drive as fenton look out the window at the garden . fenton pull over here . doyle pull the car over . fenton yawn . doyle | ( yawn ) where 's the house ? fenton they tore it down almost ten year ago . let I out . doyle get out and open the backdoor for he . he reach in to give he a hand , but fenton refuse . ( continued ) continued : fenton ( cont 'd ) I have get it . he pull himself out of the car with the handcuffs on . ext . rose garden -- moment later they enter through a narrow gap in the chain link fence near the back of the garden . fenton walk off through the wet weed to a small , barely noticeable path . doyle follow . fenton ( as they walk ) it 's a little further back this way . doyle but this be not even in the garden . he point to the garden in the distance where rosebush be line up in neat symmetrical row in front of the Rose Museum . fenton I say it be near the back . they continue to walk , the garden proper disappear behind they as they enter a thicket of tree . doyle you know , you never tell I what the promise be . the one you make to you brother . fenton look over at he , but keep walk . fenton it be later that night ... dissolve to flashback : ext . rose garden -- night fenton dig a hole . Adam sit on the ground next to dad 's corpse , hold he and cry . fenton finish digging the hole , and walk over to the corpse . Adam look up at he angrily with tear in he eye . fenton pull dad away from Adam and drag he into the hole . he pick up the shovel and start to fill the hole . Adam stand over the hole watch dad be slowly cover with dirt . ext . rose garden -- moment later fenton pack the dirt on the ground and then look at Adam , who be glaring at he with hatred . ( continued ) a continued : fenton if you ever destroy I Adam , promise I you will bury I here . Adam glare at hin . adam I promise to God I will bury you here . CUT to present : ext . rose garden -- morning ~~ doyle and fenton be still walk , though the wood have become thicker . doyle I do not understand . he promise you that he would bury you here ? fenton that 's right . doyle ( confuse ) if he ever kill you ? fenton not kill . destroy . doyle wait a minute . doyle stop walk . doyle ( cont 'd ) that do not make sense . fenton stop and turn to he . fenton it do if the man in front of you be Adam meek and not fenton meek . doyle ( confuse ) what ? adam you hear I . it might take you a few second , but you will get it . ss ( continued ) continued : doyle stare at he for a moment and then go for he gun . Adam stand calmly where he be , watch he . doyle raise the gun and level it on he . doyle {still confuse ) so you be the killer ? adam no . I tell you before . I have never kill anyone in my life . fenton be the killer . doyle stop play game and tell I the truth ! adam the game be over . you will understand soon . just let I show you where I bury fenton . we be almost there . he point to a clear up ahead . doyle look unsure , but nod after a moment . doyle you take it slow or I swear to God I will shoot you . Adam smile at he and start to slowly walk in the direction of the clear . doyle follow , keep the gun aim at he . they reach the large clear where a few giant rosebush stand . adam this be it . this be the spot . there be literally dozen and dozen of spot on the ground where the grass have be uproote and hole have be dig and fill in . the cover hole be all in little cluster of three . Adam point to one of the fresher cluster , where a shovel lay next to it . adam ( cont 'd ) that 's where I bury he . doyle study the ground . doyle there 's too many hole here . there be only six victim . ( continued ) continued : wo adam God 's work be never do . fenton do not bury he victim here . he “™ keep they as trophy in he basement . : this be where I put demon . doyle look at he , but Adam stare at fenton 's three grave . adam ( cont 'd ) that night I go to fenton 's house be the first time I have see he since we be kid . I do not even ~- know he live so close to I until he show up on my list . CUT to flashback : ext . fentone house ( previously adam' house ) -- night it be the same house from the very beginning . all the light to the house be off except for a dim light in the front window . johnny Cash 's peace in the Valley play softly from inside the house . Adam stand in the driveway , hold a lead pipe in he glove hand , look at the house . int . fentone house -- continuous fenton ( previously Adam ) sit at a small desk in the corner of the live room , type on a old typewriter . the song play on a old record player on the other side of the room . he hum along with it as he type . on ' the desk there be two stack of paper . tape to the wall in front of the desk be several newspaper clipping from the God 's Hand case and a single piece of paper with seven name on it , six of they cross out . fenton pull the piece of paper out of the typewriter , put it on top of one of the stack of paper , take another sheet from the other stack , put it in the typewriter , and start to type again . adam ( 0.s. ) fenton meek . fenton whirl around barely in time to see Adam bring the pipe down on he head . int . fentone house -- moment later fenton lay on the floor with he hand and foot tape . there be a trickle of blood on he forehead . Adam lean on the desk , the axe next to he , watch he . fenton open he eye , daze , try to move , but can not . he look around and see Adam . he look at he for a long moment . . ( continued ) continued : fenton so you finally come for I . adam God finally come for you . fenton I know this day would come . adam I have pray for the past twenty year that it would not , but I guess I know it too . fenton dad would be so proud of you . you always be he favorite . you even look kind of like he , you know it ? adam ( not look at he ) why do you leave the note ? fenton to lure you to I and get this whole thing over with once and for all . 1 just could not take it anymore . I like to be the hunter not the hunt . I know when that killing make the news , you would track I down . I have to admit though , I do not expect you to wait so long . six people . you let six people die before you come after I . adam I come only when God put you on my ist . to come before then would have be murder . fenton you might call it something else , but you be a murderer just like I . the only difference be you kill for God and I kill because I like it . the look in they eye as they die , the way the blood feel on my flesh . it make I feel good . adam do kill dad make you feel good ? ( continued ) 111 . eo continued : ye fenton ( half sing ) it put that joy joy joy joy down in my heart . Adam look away from he , fight he emotion . fenton ( cont 'd ) c'mon Adam , you be suppose to say where remember ? Adam pull off one of he glove . _. fenton . ( cont 'd ) I guess that 's not you favorite song anymore . fenton look at Adam 's bare hand , and smile sadistically . fenton ( cont 'd ) remember the look in dad 's eye that night ? adam yeah , I remember . Adam take off he other glove and toss they both down on the desk . fenton watch he . fenton I should have kill you when I first get to town , but that be too easy . I have to have you come for I . ( laugh bitterly ) I guess I forget that God protect you . but he do not protect all that people I kill in the past twenty year . and he sure do not protect dad , do he ? Adam walk around fenton , take a roll of tape out of he pocket , and tear off a big piece . adam God ask dad to destroy he own son much like he ask Isaac to sacrifice he own son to test he faith . but . dad could not do it . he love he son , demon or not . he reach down and slap the tape on fenton 's mouth . ( continued ) continued : 3 adam ( cont 'd ) he simply could not do what God have ask of hin . he walk to the desk and pick up the axe . adam ( cont 'd ) and God do not take pity on dad like he do with Isaac . he walk back over to fenton and look he right in the eye . adam ( cont 'd ) but that be back at a time when God have pity . Adam reach a hand out toward he . CUT to present : ext . rose garden -- morning doyle stare at he for a long moment . doyle ( softly ) Jesus Christ , you really do believe all that stuff . adam I have always believe . doyle I tell you my instinct be always right . I know there be something about you . adam so you think you have finally figure out what I have be hide all this time ? do you know my secret ? doyle look at he for a long moment and shake he head in disgust . doyle you be insane , you know that fenton. or Adam or whoever you be ? and this little storey you have be tell I all night be just as crazy . ( more ) ( continued ) ~~ continued : / ( 4 doyle ( cont 'd ) and I honestly do not care which one be true and which one be not . maybe I will figure that out later , maybe not . but right this minute all I need to know be that you be a sick murderer and I have get you . adam maybe , but that 's not go to bring back you mother be it ? she 's dead and she killer get away . do not he ? -_ doyle look hard at he and he smile . doyle you son of a ... he rush at he . Adam put out he handcuff hand and touch doyle right as he get close enough . doyle stop and both of they eye go wide . . insert flash image : doyle scream in rage with blood smear on he face doyle , in he twenties , sneak up on he mother with a knife raised as she hang sheet on a line outside back to scene : doyle drop the gun in a daze . Adam quickly reach into doyle 's pocket , take out he key , and un-handcuffs himself . doyle ( cont 'd ) ( daze ) how ...how do you do that ? Adam reach out and grab he arm . insert : mother turn to see doyle right as he bring the knife down back to scene : Adam turn he around , put the handcuffs on he , and let 's he go . . doyle ( cont 'd ) how..how do you know ? ( continued ) continued : ns adam God know . you be on my list . that 's why I bring you out here . Adam push he towards one of the rosebush . insert : mother scream as he viciously plunge the knife into her Adam bend down and pick up the axe that be hide under the bush , and push he ... insert : blood splatter the sheet on the line ... behind the bush where there be a freshly dig hole . doyle fall into the hole . he seem to snap out of it and he eye widen in fear when he see Adam stand over he with the axe . he struggle to stand . doyle : you ... you can not do this ! I be ... I be a FBI agent . they will come look for I ! adam no they will not . they will keep look for fenton . you be go to be he last victim . God have will it . doyle but ... but you have be see ! they will know it be you ! Adam knock he back down with he foot , and lift the axe . adam God will protect I . he bring the axe down . int . car -- later Adam drive doyle 's car down the highway , turn the radio dial until he find a old country and western station . ext . FBI headquarters -- later Adam pull into the parking lot next to the ambulance , and get out of the car . he get into the ambulance , start it , and pull off . \{o int . FBI headquarters -- later the operator sit at she desk still read the novel from earlier . the phone ring , and as she reach for it a fold piece of paper fall out of the book . she answer the phone , transfer the call , and then unfold the paper . she read the type word , " God 's hand have take William doyle . " her eye widen . she drop the paper on she desk and grab the phone . ' next to the piece of paper be the book . the cover have a picture of single red rise with the title frailty above it , and the word by fenton meek underneath it . int . ambulance -- continuous Adam drive down the highway sing with the radio . int . FBI office -- later the place be buzzing with activity now . Agents come and go down the hallway . Inside one of the office , agent Hull , the operator , and two agent be gather around a video monitor . Hull fast - forward the tape until he see something . he stop it and push play . hull there he be . the monitor show a man walk into the reception area , but it be impossible to make out he face . he move out of frame . Hull fast - forward again until the man walk back into frame . he let it play , and the man walk to the operator , give she the book , and then turn toward the camera . hull ( cont 'd ) we get he now . as the man turn toward the camera there be a glitch and he move out of frame without revealing he face . hull ( cont 'd ) what ?! he rewind , watch it again , but the glitch be still there . hull ( cont 'd ) goddamnit ! agent 1 be you sure neither one of you can remember what he look like ? the operator and Hull both shake they head . ( continued ) continued : hull I tell you it 's just a blur . I can not understand it . I look right at he , shook he hand . agent 2 well , we be run the name he give you now . agent 1 it 's get to be a fake name . agent 2 maybe . pretty weird one though . fenton meek ? the operator look up . operator fenton meek ? that 's the name on the book ! the one I find the note in . all the agent look at she . ext . fentone house -- afternoon several FBI agent position themselves around the house . Hull give the signal and they storm the place . int . fentone house -~ moment later Hull come in after the other agent have secure the place , and walk through the house . he walk to the desk and look down at the old typewriter , phonebook , and the stack of papers next to it . he read the top page . it read " God 's hand have take Karen levy . '' hull Son of a bitch . he flip through the other papers and they all have the same thing type on they except the name be different on each one . he notice the list tape on the wall , but this time all seven name be cross out on it . he pull it off the wall and see that the last name be William doyle as one of the agent walk up to he , carry something . agent there 's no one here sir . we find this in the basement . ( continued ) kt sass arsc q( B a¢ ai S " " " ccw ttt — — — — — continued : we he hold it out in he plastic-gloved hand and reveal that it be a bloody wallet with doyle 's picture id on one side and he badge on the other . there be a blood stain on the _ picture . Hull frown . hull be ... be he down there too ? agent ( shake he head ) not he . int . kitchen -- moment later the door near the far wall be open , revealing a set of step that lead down . Hull go down the stair . the other agent in the kitchen watch he . hull ( 0.s. ) ( yell in disgust ) Jesus Christ ! the other agent shuffle uncomfortably as they hear he vomit . int . meat police department -- day agent Hull enter and walk up to the reception desk . a woman be turn , filing something . hull Excuse I . the woman turn and we see that it be the same pregnant blonde woman that doyle speak to earlier on the phone . she smile . woman I do not even hear you come in . how can I help you ? hull I be with the FBI . I need to speak to the sheriff , be he in ? woman sure thing . she swivel around in she chair . woman ( cont 'd ) sheriff ! {back to Hull ) you want some coffee or something ?- ( continued ) 119 . continued : hull will '' no I be fine . thanks . Officer Henderson come in from the front door . Hull turn to he and they nod hello at each other . Hull turn back to the sound of a door open and see Adam , dress in a police uniform , come out of the office . surprisingly , there be absolutely no recognition in Hull 's eye or in Adam 's . hull ( cont 'd ) ~- sheriff meek ? adam yes ? they shake hand . hull I be agent Hull of the FBI . I need to ask you some question about you brother . adam ( take aback ) fenton ? Hull nod solemnly . ext . meat police department -- later Hull walk out the door of the station follow by Adam . adam well , I appreciate you come by to tell I personally . I ... I do not know what to say . hull it 's get to be hard . I just want you to know before we go public . adam well if there 's anything I can do ... hull I think we have get it pretty well cover from here . but again if you can think of where he might have go or if he contact you ... ss of course . adam ( continued ) oe continued : ( 20 . he extend he hand and Adam shake it . hull _ take care sheriff . Hull try to pull he hand away , but Adam hold it for a brief moment and look he right in the eye . adam you be a good man agent Hull . Hull look at he strangely but smile , and Adam let go of - he hand . Hull get into he car , start it , and drive : off . Adam watch as he pull away . the woman come out . roman Adam ? be everything okay ? he turn and smile at she . adam everything 's fine Mary . he go to she and kiss she . adam ( cont 'd ) God 's will have be serve . ae she smile at he . he reach down and caress she pregnant se stomach . mary praise God . a beam of light shine down on they from the heaven above . fade out : the end