Frank by jon ronson and Peter straughan base on the memoir by jon ronson 4th draft July 9th 2012 black we hear the open bar of a song , play most proficiently on a keyboard . it be rouse , like a overture . title begin as we ... fade in : ext . office build - english seaside town - afternoon -.on jon ( 20 ) leave work for the day . he look sweet , diffident . he walk quite enthusiastically down the street . jon ( v.o. ) ( sing ) Goodbye work it 's time to go home through my town . he 's evidently compose in he head as he go . jon turn the corner onto the seafront . ext . seafront - continuous jon 's p.o.v : child play on the sand . jon ( v.o. ) ( sing ) Children building castle in the sand in my town . jon pass a poster advertising a gig . jon ( v.o. ) ( sing ) a band 's play tomorrow night in my town . they be call ... jon look at the band 's name . it be a jumble of letter . jon ( v.0 . ) ( attempt to sing ) .-- the soronprfb a bus pass . jon run after it . int . bus - moment later jon sit on the top deck , look out . he spot some drunk tramp be ignore by pass businessmen . ( continued ) continued : the song mutate into something new . jon ( v.o. ) ( sing ) drunk tramp ignore by businessman they walk right by you do not even notice you but you be the special one the music abruptly stop . jon ( murmuring ) no. too ... shit . ext . jon 's suburban STREET - later jon 's commute home be almost at a end . he trudge up the hill , pass identical suburban house . a new song start . this one sound rather good . jon ( v.o. ) ( sing ) I dream of a angel to take I away I dream of a angel to take I away a cautiously excited look cross jon 's face as he open he front door . could this song be the one ? int . hallway - moment later jon hurry upstairs . jon ( v.o. ) ( sing ) I dream of a angel to take ... jon '’s mum ( Calling from the kitchen ) hi , sweetheart . how be work ? jon ( as he hurry upstairs ) do not talk to I . I have get a idea for a song . jon '’s mum oh mum . shut you mouth . ( continued ) continued : jon if you talk to I I might forget the song . jon '’s mum I only ask how work be . jon just let I concentrate on this song I have get in my head before I forget it . jon 's mum well I be sure if it 's good it will withstand a little small talk with you mother . int . jon ’'s bedroom - moment later a typical suburban bedroom . cool music festival poster on the wall . jon hurry over to he keyboard , sit down and raise he hand to play . his hand freeze , mid-air . he 's forget the song . jon ( murmuring ) shit . he stand , walk over to he computer and pull up twitter . jon ( v.o . ) ( as he type ) work on song . jon 's twitter follow be 49 . title end i/e . office build - the next morning there 's no music now - just traffic noise . int . office - day jon sit at he workstation . he seem to be in marketing . int . cafe - day jon wait for he order . it 's a noisy place - customer order , the clatter of cutlery . ( continued ) continued : beneath the noise we can just discern the sound of the radio play on a shelf - the drine of a local station interview . something catch jon 's attention - something come from the radio ? he lean a little closer , try to hear whatever the sound be - a kind of keen wail ? a series of abrupt , violent exclamation ? the sound of something smash ? someone yell ? cafe lady ( Calling ) cheese and ham panini for jon ? jon ? on the radio we just catch a distant shout of ... woman 's voice ( 0.s. ) --- cunt ! jon stare at the radio , wonder if he could have hear that correctly . the local dj sound a little stunne himself . local dj ( 0.s. ) that be , that be the ... the dj attempt the same sound jon make when try to pronounce the band 's name . and also fail . local dj ( 0.s. ) ( cont 'd ) and ... I can only apologize . jon look quizzically at the radio . then he take he panini . ext . seafront - late afternoon jon sit on a bench . at the other end of the bench a woman read grazia magazine . jon look at the cover . it 's something about Nicole scherzinger . jon pull out he phone and type into twitter . jon ( v.0 . ) Nicole scherzinger hashtag yawn . his number of twitter follower have go down to 47 . he frown . he become aware of some drama occur on the beach . a paramedic crew rush towards some kind of commotion in the water . ( continued ) continued : jon get up and - along with other passer - by - walk over to get a closer look . a man be try to drown himself in the water . two police officer attempt to coax he out . beard man ( yelling ) no ! I be no come out ! leave I alone ! Three figure stand watch from a slight distance , they back to we . although we do not know they yet they be nana , clara and jean baraque . jon find himself beside a park van . a concerned - look Californian surfer - type stand next to it . this be don teague . the two glance at each other , nod , jon with a '' what happen ? '' raise of he eyebrow . don we be at this radio station and , he and Clara have a row or , I do not know , I guess ... physical fight ? next thing ... he indicate the water . jon 's gaze shift to the van . written on the side of it be the jumble of letter that comprise the band 's name . jon you be the ... he gamely try out the sound . jon ( cont 'd ) you be play tonight . don how ? we keyboard player be try to drow himself . the emergency SERVICES wade into the sea . jon scratch he face . a beat . jon I play keyboard . silence . jon look worried he sound opportunistic . jon ( cont 'd ) I mean I would never ... he indicate the torment man . ( continued ) continued : ( 2 ) don ( somberly ) you be in . jon ( beat ) but I do not know any of you song . don wait there . Don climb into the mysterious darkness of the van . we hear a murmured conversation . Don reemerges . don ( cont 'd ) can you play C , F and G ? jon yes ? don you be in . jon look a little stunne . jon so what ... what do we do now ? Don turn back to the beach again , watch with profound sadness as the paramedics load the man onto a stretcher and begin to carry he off the beach . one more fall comrade . jon ( cont 'd ) should we run through the song ... or ...? don ( still watch ) come to the stage door at 9pm . jon great ! i’1ll give you my number in case anything ... jon scribbles it down on a piece of paper . Don walk away to the water 's edge . jon scuttle over and practically prise the paper into Don 's hand . jon ( cont 'd ) so. stage door. 9pm . he throw one last look into the van , wonder who the hell 's in there , and then head off . ext . seafront road - moment later jon have wound he way up from the beach , just as the paramedics be load the half - drown keyboard player into the ambulance . for a moment the two man lock eye . for a unnerve moment it seem as if the drowned man be try to tell jon something - as if sense some link ? then he 's go . jon stare at the close door of the ambulance . jon ( beat ) be he go to be ok ? paramedic he will be fine . jon ( suddenly worried ) he will still need to spend the night in hospital though , right ? paramedic he swallow a lot of seawater . he will have to have he stomach pump . jon ( relieved ) plus I suppose there will be a whole suicide risk assessment thing . the paramedic look faintly disgust at jon , climb into the ambulance . jon watch as it drive away . ext . stage door - 9 pm jon be politely knock . jon hello ? nothing . jon look at he watch . 9pm . jon knock harder . the door creak open . he nervously enter . int . backstage - dressing room - continuous jon walk down the corridor and find himself in a grimy dress room . there 's no one there . jon hello ? jon look around . ( continued ) continued : on the table there 's a scratching stick with a very long , curve arm . there 's also some bottle of beer , one with a extremely long straw stick out of it . jon frown , perplex . suddenly we hear a strange banging noise from inside the hall . it sound like someone be repeatedly hit something . jon pause , listen , puzzle . he realize - this must be the band . he walk towards ... int . wing - backstage - moment later jon watch from the shadow . on stage a middle - aged woman be repeatedly bang some kind of bizarre percussion instrument . this be nana . a very young man stand play bass . this be jean baraque . a furious look woman stand provocatively at the front of the stage , eat a pear . she toss it aside and stalk over to a odd , vast contraption cover in knob and dial and a mad jumble of coloured wire - a early - 1970 analog synthesizer . this be clara . she eat the pear , toss it aside and raise she hand over the dial . she begin to play . together they be make a extremely experimental collection of sound . the audience watch this odd trio uncertainly , wait for something to happen . and out of the darkness of the wing someone jon have not notice emerge ... he 's do a weird jerk , shuffle dance to the music . strangest of all - he 's wear a large fake head , with a smiling face paint onto it . this be frank . jon and the audience gawp at the strange apparition dance across the stage before disappear into the shadow of the opposite wing . then he wheel around and dance back on . jon become aware that Don be stand next to he in the wing . they look at each other for a moment . then Don gently push jon onto the stage . ( continued ) continued : Frank , nana and baraque ignore he , play relentlessly on . Clara glare at he but do not move . jon stand there , not sure what to do next . then he notice a batter old keyboard set up near the back . he walk over , stare down at it . close on jon 's face - a faint frown , think stop . almost by itself , he hand reach out and he begin to play - just a little three note figure . and it fit . as the song begin to swell , jon 's other hand join the first and he begin to play along . then Frank lift the mic he 's hold and begin to sing - and it 's one of the strangest sound you could imagine . beautiful and ridiculous at the same time . jon be lose in the ecstacy of the moment - the realization of a dream . then it be abruptly over . the audience be stare in silence , unsure what just happen - not that any of the band be pay they any attention anyway . Clara have notice flame lick out the back of she synthesiser . more irritate than alarmed , she use a old scorched towel to beat out the flame , burn she hand in the process . across the stage , baraque have already begin the bass line to the next song . clara what be you do ? baraque continue play . clara ( cont 'd ) stop . will you ... Clara throw a can of wd40 at he . it hit he face . baraque ( in french , subtitle ) now I will have a bruise . clara good . something to look at on you otherwise nothing face . baraque indicate the audience . baraque ( in french , subtitle ) ( more ) ( continued ) 10 . continued : ( 2 ) baraque ( cont 'd ) now they see what you be like . so joyless . so angry . baraque storm off stage . Clara kick she synthesiser to the floor where it lie , fizzing and sparking faintly , and stalk off through the opposite wing . nana give a resign sigh , pick up she stick and leave the stage as well . for a moment it 's just jon and frank , stand in front of the nonpluss audience . jon look uncertainly at the strange singer and Frank turn he great head to look at jon - as if see he for the first time . then Clara be march back on-stage . she take Frank by the hand and lead he away . leave jon alone . ext . venue - stage door - evening the band be finish load equipment into the van , in a cold , angry silence . there be no sign of Frank . he must already be in the van . no-one pay any attention to jon , who stand watch as they all climb in and drive off without he . int . jon 's bedroom - night jon lie in bed , tweeting on he phone . jon ( v.o. ) ( type ) . play keyboard with the ... jon have forget the name of the band . jon ( v.o. ) .-.- with a band tonight . enjoy work with they a lot . int . jon 's live room - morning jon be miserably watch breakfast tv . the keyboard catch he eye . he walk over and start to play . he try to remember the weird , wonderful melody from the night before . he get a few note right but then lose he way , the whole thing fade already , like a dream ... ( continued ) 11 . continued : he stumble on for a little longer but then give up . ext . STREET - morning a miserable jon walk to work . he do not compose a song . int . office - later jon look bored . have gaze out of the window . he do not compose a song . his phone ring . jon hello ? don ( v.o. ) it 's I . so Lucas get out of the hospital and begge Clara to let he back in the band but she tell he to lick she ass . jon uh ... don ( v.o. ) so we need a keyboard player . and Frank say '' remember that grateful look boy who jump up onto the stage last week uninvite . '' jon ( beat ) I be not uninvite . you invite I . don ( v.0 . ) Frank say he think you bring something cherishable that night . he can sound pretty muffle under the head and so the rest of we think he say you bring something perishable . like food that decay easily . Fish or fruit . so we all say , '' come on , man , anyone can do that . '' but then he repeat it clearer and we all agree to let you join . so. be you in ? jon ( beat ) yes. don ( v.o. ) good . ( continued ) 12 . continued : he hang up . jon look shell - shocked . the phone ring again . jon answer . don ( v.o. ) I forget to tell you where to meet we . jon ( relieved ) I know . don ( v.o . ) clacket Lane service on the m25 at 5 pm today . bring a passport . ext . car park - clacket lane SERVICES - 5 pm jon be wait at clacket Lane . he stare at a wall of fog and drizzle . nothing . will this be another disappointment ? but then two headlight appear , glow faintly in the gloom and out of the fog drive the band 's batter tour bus , come to save we . jon watch with a mixture of excitement and nervousness as the tour bus drive towards he . he pull out he phone . close on the phone : twitter . jon ( v.0 . ) ( as he type ) you would not believe what 's happen to I right now . the van pull up and the door slide open . we can not see inside . jon ( burble ) hi. hello . I be not sure where to wait . clacket Lane 's pretty labyrinthine , be not it ? no answer issue from the van . after a moment jon climb in . the door close and the van set off once more . int . tour bus - afternoon jon sit in the front beside don , who compare to the rest of the band look reassuringly normal . behind jon sit nana , baraque and Clara in all they compelling , alarming , silent , intense other - worldliness . and in the back , still wear he fake head , be Frank . ( continued ) 13 . continued : baraque ( suddenly , in french - subtitle ) I need to go to the toilet . clara ( furious ) then you should have gone at clacket lane ! silence resume . ext . motorway - afternoon the bus hurtle through the gloom . ext . ferry port - evening a foggy evening . there 's hardly anyone around . the bus be load onto a ferry . ext . ferry port - passport control hut - evening through the fog we see the band show they passport to two officer . they reach Frank . they stare at he head . frank I have a certificate . his accent be american . the officer lead he inside the hut . ext . ferry - evening the ferry be crossing the North Sea . Don stand on deck at the rail , smoking . jon stand beside he . jon can I ask ... where be we go Don ? don we be go to Sweden , jon. jon ( beat ) okay . a pause . ( continued ) 14 . continued : don what do you think of Frank ? jon um ... jon and Don glance over at Frank . he 's sit on a bench on deck . Clara be , as always , at he side . Frank be smoking a cigarette , use a long cigarette holder that curl under the head 's neckline . he finish he cigarette , pull it out of the holder , and toss the butt away . it catch in the North Sea wind and fly back into he head . Frank and Clara frantically pat down he ' face 's to stop a fire from break out . don he 's fuck amazing be not he ? he life all the way out there , man . Don indicate the infinite , black sea , stretch out beyond they . don ( cont 'd ) in the furthest corner . I wanna be he . jon ( beat. carefully ) Don ? can I ask ... the head ...? don he never take it off . jon think about this , impressed . jon never ? don never . jon he sleep in it ? don yes . jon what about eat ? don he suck liquid food through a straw that he funnel up under the neckline . ( continued ) 15 . continued : ( 2 ) jon what kind of liquid food ? don complan . jon he must have a very bushy beard . don not necessarily . jon how do he clean he tooth ? Don sigh . don you be just go to have to go with this , jon . jon I be sorry . I be just ... it 's pretty crazy , be not it ? he laugh nervously . don ( smiling ) I understand . but let I tell you something . Frank , for all he ' issue 's , be without a doubt the most one hundred percent sanest cat I ever meet . jon okay . don believe it . ( beat ) I , on the other hand ... he laugh . jon join in . jon oh , well ... you seem pretty sane to I ! Don nod , stare out at the sea , smile . don yeah . ( beat ) but no , seriously , I be severely mentally ill . I spend a lot of time ina psychiatric hospital . jon 's smile fade . ( continued ) 16 . continued : ( 3 ) jon right . don ( sadly ) I use to have sexual relation with mannequin . jon ( beat ) right. don ( informatively ) it 's a condition . i/e. van - swedish road - ferry port - dawn the van drive through a snowy landscape , away from the ferry port , the sun rise on the horizon . jon be in the back , next to Frank , who appear to be snoozing . Clara and nana and baraque be all asleep in the front . jon nervously glance over at Frank 's head . he scrutinize the hair , the paint cheek ... as he look closer he suddenly notice a eyeball stare out at he through the ear hole . jon ( shriek ) Jesus Christ ! the eye vanish , retreate back into the darkness of the head . jon face front again . the other still sleep . after a moment jon hear a noise from under Frank 's head . frank tss . Frank be indicate that jon get closer . jon do . Frank indicate closer still . frank ( cont 'd ) tss . jon awkwardly get he ear very close to Frank 's ' mouth 's . frank ( cont 'd ) ( a urgent whisper ) help I . ( continued ) 17 . continued : jon recoil . Clara stir in the front , turn to look at they . Frank hurriedly pretend to be asleep . we hear fake snore from inside the head . jon stare ahead , not know what the hell just happen . don ( drive ) we will be there in two hour people . jon at the venue ? don what ? jon at the ... where we be play tonight ? don we be not play tonight jon . jon oh. ( beat ) I have only bring a overnight bag . no- one answer . jon ( cont 'd ) I do not suppose ... if we be stay more than one night , maybe if see anywhere that sell clothes and ... clara oh . the keyboard player want to stop . jon say nothing , but note the insult . i/e . swedish motorway SERVICES - early morning jon look at the t-shirt . they have all get swedish tourist slogan : I Love swedish Girls , I feel Sweden and one with a bright yellow silhouette of a naked girl hitch - hiker , with sweden emblazon on the top . need must , jon pick the naked girl hitch-hiker . he walk towards the checkout . Frank be suddenly beside he . frank take my arm . ( continued ) 18 . continued : jon what ? Frank link jon 's arm , and start to lead he towards the door . frank two friend go for a walk . who could question that ? they exit the shop . ext . tourist information centre - car park - continuous frank ( hiss , urgently ) I be be hold against my will . by the woman . jon look perplex . frank ( cont 'd ) get I out of here ! jon hesitates for a second . frank ( cont 'd ) run ! wide : jon and Frank run urgently across the car park , towards a forest . ext . snowy forest wilderness - morning it 's snow . Frank and jon hack through the undergrowth together . jon keep turn to see if they be be follow . they be not . jon be you okay ? frank ( energize ) I never feel better in my life . thank you ! it 's be terrible . Frank breathes in the air , a free man at last . jon how long have the woman ... frank Clara . jon how long have Clara hold you for ? ( continued ) 19 . continued : frank I do not even know ! jon lean over and brushes a dusting of snow from the top of Frank 's head . franks seem to flinch slightly . jon ( by way of explanation ) snow . frank thank you ! ( surveying the forest ) God ! wow ! you save my life . I will never forget this . jon and Frank continue to walk for a while . jon ( kindly ) be she the one who make you constantly wear ... Frank suddenly stop . his ' face 's stare at jon eerily . jon indicate the head . jon ( cont 'd ) the ... big false head ? Frank continue to stare . jon look suddenly worried that Frank may not even know that he 's wear a false head . jon ( cont 'd ) ( panick a bit ) okay . too many question . what we need to do be work out the practicality . they resume hack through the undergrowth . jon ( cont 'd ) we bag be on the bus . so we do not have any ... thing . frank ( pick up on jon 's panic ) what 'il happen at nightfall ? my face stay warm but the rest of I can get very cold . Frank 's head get wedge between two branch . he struggle and fail to get free . frank ( cont 'd ) oh god. oh god. ( continued ) 20 . continued : ( 2 ) jon it 's okay . I have get it . jon prise Frank 's head free . frank thank you . ahead of they be a fairly bare motorway SERVICES area . jon pat he pocket . jon money . I have not get any money . have you get money ? frank I be sorry ? jon ( urgently ) money ! have you get any money ? there be a pause . Frank hand jon he change . frank ( sound nervous ) it 's all I have . jon it 's not much . have you get a cashpoint card ? Frank nervously shake he head no . they emerge from the wood and enter the ... ext . bare motorway service area - continuous it 's just a toilet and a coffee / snack stand on a lay - by . there be a few other people there - trucker , a family . frank ( with nervous over - politeness ) would you mind if I go to the toilet ? jon ( distract ) mmm ? no , that 's fine . Frank immediately scurries frantically away across the tarmac . ( continued ) 21 . continued : jon ( cont 'd ) ( in a flap , not notice Frank have go ) okay . i’1l send out a s.o.s tweet . jon get out he phone and type urgently into twitter : jon ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) the singer from the ... ( beat ) - band I have join be a kidnap victim . I rescue he and we be now on the run . behind jon 's back , Frank zigzag around , panicked and confuse , until he 's far away across the tarmac . the family and trucker eye the scene with uncertainty . jon ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) ( still type ) do anyone know the number for the swedish police ? Frank run up to a trucker . frank that man kidnap I ! trucker what ? frank he 's take all my money ! I have manage to get away from he . Frank scuttle into the forest , where he vanish . the trucker and he co-trucker start run towards jon. jon ( v.o. ) ( oblivious , still type ) if anything happen to we I want it on record that the kidnapper be call Clara . jon turn around just in time to see the two trucker loom over he . jon huh ? trucker ( in break English ) the man in the head have say some thing about you . ( continued ) 22 . continued : ( 2 ) jon what ? the trucker take jon 's arm . jon ( cont 'd ) hey . let go of I . jon angrily pull he arm free . at this , the second trucker throw himself on jon . the phone fly out of he hand , smash on the tarmac . later the swedish police be release jon back to the band . Don be emerge from the wood lead a dishevel Frank , he clothes matte with leave and mud . Clara give jon a wither look . jon look embarrassed and confuse . Don wander over to jon . don do not worry about it . everyone kidnap Frank sooner or later . i/ E. tour van - swedish road - a few minute later the van pass through the lovely snowy landscape . jon glance at he iphone . he 's manage to stick it together with gaffer tape so it 's crack but still work . his twitter follow have shot up to 946 . jon wow . don here it be ! vetno ! we new home . frank I like it ! the band look out of the van window . stun . ext . '' vetno '' — sweden - moment later a beautiful , enormous , weird wooden house stand in snowy grounds - something from a fairy tale . the band stare at it . jon look confuse and alarmed . Don unlock the huge , wooden front door . they enter . ( continued ) 23 . continued : jon ( clutch he overnight bag ) Excuse I . how long will we be stay here for ? nobody answer . int . vetno - moment later the band walk through the amazing house , take it all in . jon walk alongside they , wide - eye , but anxious , examine the other as much as he surroundings . jon ( to Don ) don. sorry . I tell work I would be back on Monday . so do you think ... a small shriek o.s. Frank have get he head wedge in the gap between the staircase and the wall . Don frees he . don ( to Frank ) Problem area . under staircase . frank ( cheerfully ) noted . they climb the stair and reach the upstairs landing . montage ..of Don show each band member they bedroom . they be all spacious and beautiful . jon 's be last , at the end of the corridor . don and here 's you room , jon . it be tiny - the smallest in the house . but it be still a strange and interesting little wooden room , like something from a fairy tale . int . jon 's bedroom - vetno - continuous jon Don . how long be we go to be here ? don just as long as it take to make the album , jon . ( continued ) 24 . continued : Don close the door , leave jon alone in the bedroom . he stand there - he bag in he hand . int . vetno - jon 's bedroom - day jon look out of the window . we hear a theremin play - beautiful , ghostly . jon ( v.o. ) vetno . jon sit on he bed . he type a blog . jon ( v.o. ) Sweden . jon think . type carefully ... jon ( v.o. ) snow . ext . vetno - day Clara be play a theremin in the snow , a power cable run back into the house . she look lose in the music - quite lovely . jon ( v.o. ) we have be here a week . it 's a whole new way of live - quite unlike anything I have ever know . jon take a step towards she . clara stay away from my fucking theremin . jon take a anxious step backwards . int . bedroom - vetno - night jon look into a bedroom to see Clara , nana and baraque lie in bed together , drape casually over one another , baraque read a book . jon ( v.o. ) all the usual bourgeoise rule have be throw out of the window . jon covertly peek at Clara 's cleavage . he regards the bohemian lifestyle with admiration . 25 . int . hallway outside bathroom - night nana queue for the bathroom . jon exit , a towel drape over he in a manner so ' study bohemian 's he 's make no attempt to cover he penis . a horrify nana put she hand over she eye and shrink away , very upset . jon ( v.o. ) although one still have to be aware of the limit . later Don be tell jon off . nana still look upset . at the end of the corridor , regard the scene , be Frank . jon ( v.o. ) and at the heart of the beautiful madness be Frank . Frank . how to describe Frank ? int . vetno - jon 's bedroom - earlier jon be unpack he overnight bag . he look up to see Frank stand in the doorway , watch he , he big paint smile , he hand on he hip . jon smile at he jon ( v.0 . ) sometimes he seem friendly . Frank slip into the shadow . jon ( v.0 . ) but at other time more ..- menace ... Frank reappear in the doorway . something in he body language make he seem more threaten this time . maybe it 's because he no longer have he hand on he hip . they be hang limply at he side . jon look at he nervously , then instinctively lower he eye . jon ( v.0 . ) but then ... friendly again . jon look up again to find that Frank have he hand on he hip again . 26 . int . vetno - live room - earlier Frank be watch a stupid swedish comedy programme , shaking with laughter . jon watch from the doorway . jon ( v.o. ) also quite ... childish ? later Frank be still shaking with laughter - although it 's now harder to see why , as he 's watch a gardening programme . jon ( v.o . ) disconcert . but mostly ... int . dine room - vetno - evening Frank be addressing the band at dinner . frank Clara . don. nana. baraque ... Frank look at jon . frank ( cont 'd ) ( cough ) mhwr. jon ( politely ) jon. Frank stretch out he arm . frank ( with enthusiasm ) jon. here , in vetno , on we own land , we will make music that have never be make before . we will journey to the furthest corner and grab hold of the music we find there . we be , every one of we , amazing . here in vetno we will become even more amazing . and we will capture it , here in vetno , on we first ever album . jon ( v.o. ) «+. mostly inspiring . 27 . int . vetno - jon 's bedroom - night jon be finish write he blog . moonlight pour in through the window . jon ( v.o. ) so settling into communal live be not easy . New people , new rule . but it 's worth it because of Frank . I be happy to be part of this . just ... happy . jon press send . he close he laptop . a beat of silence . then from outside come a sudden cry . silence . then another muffle shout of distress . jon look out the window . ext . vetno - moment later jon come out the back door of the house wear he coat and boot but no trousers . he see Don , naked , run towards the tree-line at the bottom of the grounds and the freeze river beyond . in the distance , near the river , Clara play she outdoor theremin . frank ( shriek - in the doorway ) Don ! get back here ! ( to jon ) do not let he get to the river ! jon run after he , chase Don as he zig -zag across the snow , but he 's too slow to catch he . Don shake he off . Don be almost at the river when Clara stoops from behind she theremin , pick up a lump of wood and hurl it at he . it catch Don on the side of the head and he spin to the ground , roll over and over in the snow . on don -.as he lie cry . Frank approach . don let I do it Frank ! I do not want to be I . nana and baraque be stand a little way off , look scared . ( continued ) continued : 28 . Frank give Don a sad hug , although the size of Frank 's ' head 's make hugging quite a awkward experience for the person be hugge , so Don have to crane he neck right back . int . vetno - live room - later Frank sit alone on the sofa . jon watch he from the other side of the room . frank ( sadly ) do he tell you about the mannequin ? jon yeah . frank I meet one once . caroline cuntley . he offer jon a handshake , as if he have no memory of ever meeting he before . frank ( cont 'd ) I be Frank . jon ( beat ) I be jon . they shake hand . jon ( cont 'd ) ( beat ) do he still ... with the mannequin ? frank no , he have relationship with real woman now . but ... it 's hard you know ? he have to try and convince they to lie completely still , so ... ( he shrug ) do not tell Don I say anything . he might think it 's a shameful secret or something . but I say tell everyone everything ! why cover anything up ? beat . jon glance at the fake head encase a real head . jon can I ask you something ? frank sure . ( continued ) 29 . continued : Frank lean forward , he ' head 's in he hand . jon ( indicating the head ) why do you ...? frank you think it 's weird ? jon a bit . frank well normal face be weird too . the way they be smooth ... Frank mime with he hand the curvature of jon 's cheek . frank ( cont 'd ) +..smooth...smooth ... and then ... Frank mime with he hand jon 's eye , nose and mouth - a mime of utter chaos . frank ( cont 'd ) ..- bleurewwweurgh ... there 's something lovely but slightly unnerve about Frank 's way of speak . the word tumble out of he , like he 's a passenger in he own think process . frank ( cont 'd ) all bumpy and hole and I mean what be eye like ? like a science - fiction movie . and do not get I start on lip . they be like the edge of a very serious wound . jon ( thoughtfully ) that 's true . but you head be still sort of ... intimidating . frank underneath I be give you a welcoming smile . jon ( beat ) be you ? frank like this ! the same static expression . ( continued ) 30 . continued : ( 2 ) frank ( cont 'd ) would it help if I say my facial expression out loud ? jon ( beat ) okay . I have be want to thank ... frank welcome smile . jon ...to thank you . ever since that night I play with the ... sorry , what 's the name of the band again ? frank I have no idea . jon why do you have a impossible to say , spell or remember band name ? frank it be Clara 's idea . jon anyway , ever since I play with you that night I have not be able to think about anything else . frank it be the best concert we ever do . jon do not know how to respond to this . Clara enter . clara ( to Frank ) he 's asleep . I be go to bed . so if you want help get to bed you should come now ... unless you want to keep go with you little chat with the keyboard player . jon ( cough ) I be not just a keyboard player . I write song too . clara oh ? how many ' song 's have you write ? jon about 40 . ( continued ) 31 . continued : ( 3 ) a dreadful silence from Clara . jon ( cont 'd ) 45 ? frank ( enthusiastically ) you write you own song ? jon I would love to play some for you sometime . frank I would really like that ! Big non - threaten smile indicate that there 's no such thing as failure in vetno ! jon point at he own delighted face . jon delighted look ! frank you be funny ! Frank point at he own face . frank ( cont 'd ) delighted look ! Frank and jon laugh . Clara look disgust . int . vetno - upstair corridor - night jon pass a bedroom . he peer in . jon be p.o.v - Clara lie asleep in bed . Frank sit on a chair next to the bed . jon stand in the doorway . Frank see he . frank ( whisper ) first rehearsal tomorrow . jon ( whisper ) I have already get a idea for a new song . int . vetno - morning the band have gather in the rehearsal room . they be improvising far out , experimental music . jon be surprised to find himself keep up with it . ( continued ) 32 . continued : frank ( Calling over to jon ) hey . how do that song you be work on last night turn out ? jon I think kind of interesting . frank why do not you play it for we ? jon sure . it 's pretty rudimentary . feel free to join in if you like . it 's call messy rainbow . jon start to play he composition . which sound quite deep and intense and uncannily like paranoid android by radiohead . jon ( cont 'd ) ( sing ) my mind 's a messy rainbow and suicide 's the only way to make the messy feeling go away . a fragile look don listen , unnotice , from the doorway . jon ( cont 'd ) ( sing relentlessly ) let I do it . let I drow myself do not wanna be I . Don look upset by the song . so do the band . jon do not notice . he 's lose in he music , play relentlessly on . jon ( cont 'd ) ( sing ) let I drow ... clara ( interrupt ) don ! everyone turn around , thrilled to see he . frank hey buddy ! they surround Don , ignore jon. frank ( cont 'd ) how you feel ? ( continued ) 33 . continued : ( 2 ) don better . jon awkwardly stop play . ext . the countryside - day a lovely spring day . the band be walk amid the nature . jon ( v.0 . ) Frank have decide to delay rehearsals while everyone have a chance to get back on they foot . in the meantime we be do what he call ' fieldwork 's . montage ..of the band amid the nature . they be collecting natural sound on tape recorder . in a field nana record the sound of a butterfly flap it 's wing . on the beach baraque record the wave hit the rock . Clara record the wind whipping through a cave . a tern ominously circle they all . they all stare up at it . it swoops down , squawk , and dive - bomb jon . jon ( shriek ) for fuck 's sake ! it could have attack any one of we ! why choose I ? the bird file away . clara like the zoo scene in the omen , really . Frank point he tape recorder at jon. frank what be the sound the seabird make as it swoop down , jon . jon kind of ... jon let out a bloodcurdling squawk . ( continued ) 34 . continued : they all laugh . jon laugh too . evening the fieldwork be over and they walk back towards vetno , thoroughly happy . even jon seem finally to have settle in with the other . jon ( cont 'd ) ( to Frank ) that be a lovely April day . Frank hesitates for a moment . then he continue walk . later Frank be at the piano , compose a song call april day . it be by far the loveliest and most accessible song we have hear from he . jon listen , entrance . the other band member do they own thing in other part of the room . jon get out he mobile phone and covertly film Frank sing April Day . Frank finish the song . jon ( cont 'd ) ( stun ) Frank . that be beautiful . frank flatter grin follow by a bashful half - smile . jon I have no idea you could write music so ... lovely . that song could be big . Clara laugh sarcastically from across the room . clara yes ! top of the pop for we ! i’1ll phone Lady gaga ! baraque snigger . clara ( cont 'd ) ( Calling ) maybe we can play superbowl Sunday ! i’1l get t-shirt make ! more sniggering from baraque . Frank pull jon to one side . ( continued ) 35 . continued : ( 2 ) frank ( whisper ) you understand ! jon understand what ? Clara glance over suspiciously at they private conversation . frank understand that people could like we music . Clara do not want people to like we . jon why not ? frank I do not know . it 's weird . jon ( glancing over at Clara ) it 's really weird . i/e. vetno - kitchen - garden - later that night jon be busy make a stew . Clara enter . clara what 's this ? jon potato . clara ( indicating the stew ) and what 's this ? jon ( beat ) stew . clara you be make we brain dead with you vegetable you dreary old woman . jon ( mystify ) it 's just a stew , Clara . it 's hearty . clara someone need to punch you in the face . ( more ) ( continued ) 36 . continued : clara ( cont 'd ) perry como eat stew while he sit in he rocking chair looking at he christmas decoration . be that the music you want we to make ? jon blink . jon no. Clara step in close . clara why be you here ? Clara glance in disgust at jon 's swedish tourist t- shirt . clara ( cont 'd ) you be not go to meet any naked hitch-hiker here . so why do not you stop have secret conversation with Frank and go home . jon gather he courage . jon fuck you . Clara step in close . jon ( cont 'd ) Frank pick I . okay ? so it 's not up to you . clara what ? jon he ... he say I be cherishable . and he pick I to join the band . clara ( a smile spread across she face ) he pick you ? there be not anyone else . Don could not find anyone else . so we be stuck with you . you be just some finger be tell which key to press . ten little bit of bone and skin . jon try to laugh derisively but look worried that it may be true . ( continued ) continued : 37 . ( 2 ) jon I ... I press my own key , ok ? and , anyway , I be perfectly capable of find a way of go to my furthest corner and ... compose music ... clara you furthest what ? jon ( beat ) my furthest corner . Clara smile coldly . clara you know that incredibly insensitive song about Don 's suicide attempt you sing we all the other day ? jon ( beat ) yes ? clara it be basically paranoid android by radiohead . jon ( beat ) no it be not . clara ( sing ) '' from a great height . from a great height ... '' you sing ( sing ) '' let I do it . let I drow myself . '' exactly the same . jon ( beat ) no it 's not . clara you want to know where you furthest corner be ? Clara walk right up to jon and wave she hand a inch in front of he face . clara ( cont 'd ) right there ! and you know where mine and Frank 's furthest corner be ? Clara open the back door and run out into the snow . she keep run until she 's far , far away . ( continued ) 38 . continued : ( 3 ) clara ( cont 'd ) ( yelling ) ..- here ! jon stand at the back door , stare out at she , furious . jon you be wrong ! clara ( yelling ) lick my ass ! jon ( yelling ) you have only make I more determine than ever to go to my furthest corner and make something of myself in this band and help Frank reach he potential too ! clara ( yelling ) lick my ass ! int . vetno - live room - day close on Frank . he 's make a announcement . frank lip purse together as if to say , '' enough frivolity '' . today we begin work in earnest on the album . wide - the band sit watch Frank . montage begin . jon ( v.o. ) Frank want we to start everything from scratch . Frank write out a strange symbol on a white board for the band to see . jon ( v.o. ) he 's create a entirely new musical notation system ... jon covertly film the scene on he mobile phone . ext . vetno - day Clara and baraque be make a strange contraption involve household implement . ( continued ) 39 . continued : jon ( v.o. ) ... and new musical instrument ... int . live room - day the band be watch a presentation . a wire run from Frank 's head to a dial in Don 's hand . as we watch Don turn the dial and Frank 's head begin to glow eerily - light by some inner mechanism . jon ( v.o. ) he 's work on some new form of visual entertainment ... Don turn the dial to high - the head glow brightly , then there be flash of light and smoke begin to pour from Frank 's eye and ear hole . Don and the other throw wet blanket onto Frank to put the fire out . jon covertly film it all on he mobile phone . int . outside bedroom - day the band queue outside the room for they daily gestalt therapy session . jon ( v.o. ) .-. and he want we to deconstruct everything about we life . we can hear Clara inside yell at nana . clara ( 0.s. ) ( yelling ) you fat old whore ! you useless bitch ! why be you so fuck ugly ? dragging around like a break sow pig ! the door open and nana walk out , smoking and unruffled . Clara wave in she next victim , look like a dentist . a nervous-look jon enter the bedroom . Clara give a small smile of anticipation as she close the door . int . outside bedroom - day Frank be on the floor in the middle of a wrestle bout with baraque . he 's surprisingly strong . jon ( v.0 . ) he 's initiate a strict regime of physical exercise . in a few moment Frank have baraque pin and be bend he arm . ( continued ) 40 . continued : jon ( v.o. ) fortunately we have a '' safeword '' for when thing get too intense . baraque ( the '' safeword '' ) chinchilla ! Frank release he and the two get up and shake hand . ext . vetno - day the band jog around the house . frank someone 's think in the key of c! clara ( Calling , as she run ) Frank can feel someone think in the key of C ! baraque ( as he run ) Il n'est pas moi . jon ( as he run ) it 's I . Clara run over to jon and unexpectedly punch he in the face . jon ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) sometimes tension run pretty high . the other band member pull she off . int . vetno - kitchen - evening Frank , nana and baraque be gather around the back door , listen intently as it rattle in the wind . from somewhere outside come a answer creak of metal from another door . baraque ( puzzle ) je not peux pas ... Frank hold up a hand to silence he . frank can you hear it ? ( continued ) 41 . continued : nana and baraque listen anxiously , try to hear what Frank be hearing . later nana and baraque be play bass and snare drum by the door , mimick the odd little rhythm of the rattle and creak . Frank listen , bounce he head along enthusiastically . frank ( cont 'd ) we could make a entire album out of this one sound ! nana and baraque smile . jon covertly film on he mobile phone . jon ( v.o. ) Frank find inspiration in everything . I would love to get inside that head . Inside that head . i/e . jon 's bedroom - afternoon jon sit work on a new song . it sound lovely . jon look very happy with it as he play . jon ( v.o. ) I be really develop as a songwriter and hope maybe to even have some of my own song on the album . jon continue to play as he glance out of the window . jon ' 's p.o.v - out of the window . Frank be lie on a mat in the snow , sunbathing in swim trunk , still wear the head , of course . Clara be stand over he . frank ( look up ) how long ? clara ( look at she watch ) one more hour . Frank resume sunbathing . close on Clara . jon ( v.o. ) which may not go down so well with some other member of the band . ( continued ) 42 . continued : Don enter jon 's bedroom . jon ( as he play ) hey . I be compose a song . Don listen for a moment . don ( commiserate ) oh , man . I know . jon ( beat ) what ? don ( sigh in commiseration ) I know how it feel to try and write a song and it just come out shit . jon 's hand freeze at the keyboard . Don sit down next to he . don ( cont 'd ) ( sadly ) listen to this . Don play something unexpectedly lovely and quite brilliantly professional . don ( cont 'd ) ( as he play ) I compose this . yeah , I know . it 's shit . sooner or later you get the feel , '' why can not I be like Frank ? maybe I can be he ? '' but there can only be one Frank , man . jon ( stiffly ) actually , I think both we song sound pretty good . don ( share the joke ) ha! right ! Don light a joint . don ( cont 'd ) I be not suppose to because of my psychosis but fuck it , right ? he pull on the joint . ( continued ) continued : jon 's eye Don nod . done shake : 43. ( 2 ) don ( cont 'd ) Frank , man . you can not get there . I have try , but he 's too far out . I have know it since the moment I first see he . jon what be he do when you first see he ? don a doctor be try to wrestle he head off . so he be totally freaking out . jon you first meet he at a place with doctor ? widen . jon ( cont 'd ) a mental hospital ? he offer jon the joint . jon refuse . jon ( cont 'd ) how do he end up there ? don ( shrugge ) he do not talk about it . jon ( beat ) have you ever see he without the head ? 's he head . jon ( cont 'd ) maybe he 's facially disfigure ! don ( pull on the joint ) whoa ! jon forced to wear a mask . like the elephant man. don oh man ! ( beat ) he tell I once he come from Louisiana . that 's all I know . jon Louisiana ? ( continued ) 44 , continued : ( 3 ) don quatchita , Louisiana . jon stare sullenly at the keyboard . jon it 's all right for Frank . he 's mentally ill . don ( beat ) you ever try ayahuasca ? jon what ? don ayahuasca . shamen have be use it for thousand of year . you really want to try and go where Frank be , you should try it . it 's a hallucinogenic so deep -act it awaken you dormant plant DNA . jon I do not think we have dormant plant DNA . Don look at jon like he 's crazy . don well I sure as hell do . later jon lie on the bed , warily look at he keyboard . he fall asleep . the next morning jon sit at he laptop . on the screen - a empty Google search box . jon 's finger drift over the keyboard . he press h...o ... on the screen the google autofill function kick in . all the search term beginning with the letter h and o that jon have ever type appear in a scroll - down list : horny brunette masturbate and flash she asshole hot asian teen take two cock hot young college girl strip down and take dick jon keep type : how to be creative . 45 . moment later jon watch a video call unlock you Creativity . on the screen management guru Creative people like you can see solution where other less creative people do not even realize there 's a problem ! take everyday activity like shave . int . vetno - communal bathroom - later we see various accoutrement necessary for Frank 's condition - four normal - size toothbrush and one with a custom - build especially long arm , a equally long razor and bottle of spray face cream with long neck . jon be rub shave foam onto he face . management guru ( 0o.s . ) as Edward De bono once say , how often do someone who be use a traditional wet razor stop to consider whether instead of move the razor it might be easier to keep the razor still and move the face ? jon begin to shave in this radical , creative new way - keep the razor still whilst move he face . int . outside bathroom - continuous Clara stand wait for the bathroom . from inside we suddenly hear jon give a unusual cry of pain . Clara listen , intrigued . jon ( 0.s . ) oh ... God ! int . vetno - live room - day the band stand around as Clara play a theremin solo that 's obviously be inspire by the unusual shriek jon let out . the band nod , impressed . clara I call it the idiot shriek . jean baraque ( murmuring ) c'est tre belle . ( continued ) 46 . continued : jon watch bitterly , he face tufte with tissue to staunch the blood from he deep shave cut . suddenly ... bang ! bang ! bang ! the band look astonished . they glance anxiously at each other . hopefully it be just they imagination . bang ! bang ! bang ! clara ( quietly ) there 's someone at the door . nobody move . don ( nervously ) I ' will go . we stay with the band as they watch Don walk towards the front door . he open it . there be four large young men stand there . they be muscular and heavily - tattooe . they and Don speak for a moment . the band watch with concern , unable to hear the conversation . Don leave they stand there and walk back towards the other . don ( cont 'd ) ( try to control he emotion ) okay , I have some news . we have to leave this house . the band stare at he in puzzle silence . don ( cont 'd ) ( freaking out ) pack you bag and get out ! later Don have be calm with a cup of cocoa . the four new man be stand together at the back of the room . frank okay . start again , don. patient smile . clara will you stop say you fuck facial expression out loud ? it 's incredibly annoying . ( continued ) 47 . continued : ( 2 ) frank ( beat ) okay . don we have run out of time . we have spend all we rent money . they give we 30 day notice to leave . and we do not leave . so they have rent vetno to a new band . they look at the four new man , who smile awkwardly . large young man ( in break English ) we be bloodbath . clara ( to Don ) how long have you know this be go to happen ? don ( beat ) 30 day . clara why do not you tell we ? don ( beat ) I do not want to disappoint you . baraque ( in french -— subtitle ) we have not record one note of the album . everyone look at Frank . jon I can pay . everyone look at jon. jon ( cont 'd ) when my father die I inherite money . he say it be my nest egg . he say I should only ever spend my nest egg on something really , really important . ( his voice break ) I want you to have my nest egg . Frank stand up . he hug jon . as always with Frank 's hug , the size of the head make it quite awkward . ( continued ) 48 . continued : ( 3 ) jon ( cont 'd ) it will buy we enough time to make the album . large young man ( Broken English ) we have drive all the way from hudiksvall . jon I 'il give you money to leave . large young man how much ? jon ( beat ) 5000 krona . the man look satisfied . frank ( to jon ) thank you so , so much . jon can not resist shoot Clara a little grin of triumph . fade out . fade in : int . jon 's bedroom - vetno - night close on jon 's hand as he write he blog . jon ( v.o. ) it 's be a while since I have write anything . we have be pretty busy , work on the new music , fourteen hour a day , for ... we pan up jon 's body . he 's still wear he naked hitch - hiker t-shirt , now massively fade . we see he face . he have long hair and a full beard . jon ( v.o. ) ( calculate ) --- a@ year and eleven month now . which have deplete my nest egg a lot more than I anticipate . ext . vetno - day look through the light window to the band practise the same complicated five second sequence ... ( continued ) 49 . continued : frank again ! again ... frank ( cont 'd ) again ! int . kitchen - vetno - day the band , wild - eye and feral , the man long -haire and bearded , ravenously eat they tiny daily ration of soya bean . jon ( v.o. ) it have not be easy . none of we have leave vetno since we get here . we have have to start ration the food . i/e. front door - vetno - day a grocery boy stand at the door . jon , look starve and animalistic , open it . the boy - overpower by a waft of fetid commune smell - quickly hand jon the grocery bag . jon immediately rifle ravenously through it until he find a jar of hot chocolate powder . he guiltily scurries to a corner and pour it hungrily into he mouth . Clara , pass - by , spot jon . clara thief ! she run over and attempt to pull the powder from jon 's grasp , whilst simultaneously prise open he mouth and thrust in she hand , scraping the powder from inside it . clara ( cont 'd ) I want it all back ! Clara pull jon 's finger painfully back . jon ( yelling ) that be my keyboard playing finger ! jon ( v.0o . ) ( cont 'd ) Clara 's hatred of I remain as strong and baffling as ever . I just seem to rub she up the wrong way . ( continued ) 50 . continued : in they struggle the hot chocolate jar explode , the powder cover they in a cloud . Frank walk in . Clara and jon stand , catch out , both cover in chocolate . Frank stare at they in silence for a moment . int . jon 's bedroom - vetno - day jon compose at he keyboard . the song be just fly out of he jon ( v.o. ) a lifetime ago Frank say we job here be to journey to the furthest corner and grab the music we find there . the journey have be a long one . but I think I be finally there . a stunned look cross he face . jon ( to himself ) oh God . this be really good . int . hallway - moment later jon run excitedly down the hallway . jon Frank ! int . the corridor outside frank 's room - moment later jon ( knock on the door ) Frank ? int . frank 's room - continuous jon walk into the bedroom . it 's empty . the sound of run water come from the en-suite shower room . jon stop , stare at something : Frank 's head sit on a chair beside the bed . jon hesitates and then pick up the head . he peer inside , fascinate . he cross to a mirror and stand , the head raise above he own . slowly he begin to lower the false head down over he own face - then he freeze . ( continued ) 51 . continued : something have just occur to he . if the head if out here and Frank be in the bathroom ... he put the head down and creep towards the open bathroom door ... jon 's p.o.v someone 's in the shower - obscure by the steam up cubicle door . jon peer closer , try to pierce the fog and finally see Frank 's true face . suddenly the cubicle door open and Frank step out - naked ... -.except he 's still wearing he head . he have a clear plastic bag over it , with breathe hole . the one on the bed be the spare . jon be too surprised to hide and the two man stand stare at each other . jon hello . frank ( beat ) hello . jon remember why he 's there . jon I have write a song . int . live room - vetno - day jon be play he song for Frank and Clara . and it be , indeed , by far the best he 's ever sound . he finish . frank amazing . jon ( beat ) really ? frank I think it 's ... hey ! can I just make a couple of ... Frank sit down at the piano . frank ( cont 'd ) so you play ... ( continued ) 52 . continued : jon give Clara a triumphant glance as Frank start work on he song . Clara take a seat on the stool next to Frank . clara and then if you just ... Clara move Frank 's finger to a different note . clara ( cont 'd ) because if you play ... what be that note you play down there , jon ? jon F . clara yes because if you play a F there it would be shit . jon look like he 's be punch in the face . Clara and Frank continue to turn jon 's song into something totally different - something much stranger and more interesting . Frank be just innocently go about what he do . but Clara be fully aware that she 's crush jon . frank what do you think ? Clara look up and give jon a dreadful , slow smile . frank ( cont 'd ) ( beat ) we be ready . later the band have set up . Don be finish arrange micu around they . jon ( v.0 . ) Frank have decide it 's finally time to record the album . they be not use any of my composition which I can not help think be a bit of a kick in the tooth bear in mind the fact that I give they my fuck nest egg . Don walk through to the hall outside and sit at a mixing desk . ( continued ) 53 . continued : don ( into desk mic ) vetno tape . take one . he start to record . a montage of moment from the recording . it twist and turn with overwhelming , beautiful oddness . we hear the theremin moment inspire by the idiot shriek shaving incident . jon still look annoyed by it . we hear the complicated five second sequence they spend week practice over and over . later the band stand around Don 's recording equipment , listen to they work . don that 's it , Frank ? frank uhuh . that 's it . we be do , Don . we be do . jon ( v.o . ) it take we three hour to record the album . from start to finish . two year 's work . Three hour . the band stand around , stunne . Frank notice that Don have a strange smile , eye glisten . frank you okay ? don ( mumbling ) it 's just so good . he nod . don ( cont 'd ) we be do . int . vetno - bedroom - dawn jon wake up . he get up , start to get dress . he glance out of the window ... stop suddenly , stare at something in the tree . ( continued ) 54 . continued : jon 's p.o.v - out of window Frank be hanging from a tree . he 's perfectly still . later the band be cut down the body and carefully lowering it to the ground . baraque carefully remove the plastic head to reveal don - quite dead . we see the real Frank , wear he false head , watch from the back of the group . the rest turn to stare at he baraque pass he the spare head Don have wear . Frank hold it . ext . lake - day the band have set up by the lake . they be place Don 's body onto a crude wooden raft . Frank light the raft and push it out onto the water . the flame begin to spread , a improvise Viking funeral . the band begin to play puff the Magic Dragon ... frank ( sing ) puff the Magic Dragon , live by the sea , and frolick in the Autumn mist in a land call honalee ... jon and the other watch the boat drift away into the mist on the lake . jon hear a ping come from the iphone in he hand . one new email . frank ( cont 'd ) ( sing ) Little Jackie Paper love that rascal puff , and bring he string and sealing wax and other fancy stuff . jon be tear between want to maintain a appropriate air of mourn and wonder who email he . his curiosity win out . he covertly glance at the iphone . his eye widen - amaze at what he 's read . ( continued ) 55 . continued : the fire consume the raft . Frank stop sing . frank ( cont 'd ) Goodbye Don . you be the best keyboard player we ever have and the best man I ever know . jon Don use to be the band 's keyboard player ? clara yes . first it be don. then Lucas . now it 's you . Frank somberly slip the plastic bag with breathe hole over he head and leap into the lake . he begin to swim towards the boat . baraque ( in french - subtitle ) what be you do ? frank I be get he ash . baraque ( in french , subtitle ) wait until the fire 's die down . Clara notice jon look at he phone . clara ( to jon ) what ? int . live room - vetno - later that night a band meeting Frank be shiver with a blanket around he . clara you have be secretly put clip of we on what ? jon you tube . but that 's not the news . I get a email . clara you tube ? jon just snippet . but ... ( continued ) continued : clara show I . jon press play . 56 . close on the screen : a grainy , tantalize 20 second video of frank sing at vetno . jon I make the clip really short and tantalize . so you be like a mysterious mask man . clara you spy on we ? jon no. yes . but that 's not the point . the point be I get a email this morning . because of this clip we have be offer a gig . a really important gig . they stare at he . she head jon ( cont 'd ) South by Southwest ! in Texas . it 's very prestigious . they have get a New discovery strand . they want we to launch the album at New discovery . clara ( snort ) how ridiculous . for the door . clara ( cont 'd ) come on , Frank . let 's get you into the shower . frank ( look at you tube ) why do it say 23,751 at the bottom ? jon that 's the number of people who have watch the clip . Frank look at jon . frank 23,75 ... jon reload . ( continued ) 57 . continued : ( 2 ) jon press reload . frank .-.23,752 people interested in we ? ( beat ) this be like magic . Clara glare at jon. jon ( to Frank ) I tell you we could be big . ext . hot tub - forest - vetno - later jon , naked , soak himself in the bubbles , look pleased with himself . Clara appear , stand ominously over the jacuzzi . clara ( hiss loudly to make herself hear over the bubbles ) what game be you play fill Frank 's head with bullshit idea about festival in America ? jon ( loudly ) I can not hear you over the sound of the bubbles . Clara angrily prod the jacuzzi switch . the bubbles get bubblier . clara how the fuck do the fuck bubbles ...? jon ( loudly ) you just press the full bubble strength button . Clara furiously punch the button . jon ( cont 'd ) ( loudly ) they be on a timer . you just restart . they will not switch off for 10 minute now . clara ( shout ) leave Frank alone . ( continued ) 58 . continued : jon ( shout back ) you leave Frank alone . that time he think he have be kidnap by you ? I be beginning to suspect it be true ! jon step out of the jacuzzi . he 's toe to toe with Clara . jon ( cont 'd ) I be fully aware you want I to end up like Don or Lucas . but that 's not go to be my role in this band . clara Middle management ! jon josef fritzl ! clara pier Morgan ! jon cunt ! pant with rage , Clara suddenly notice jon be naked . her eye involuntarily flitter downward . they look at each other . ext . forest - moment later jon and Clara be have violent sex in the forest . Clara be on top of jon , grab hold of he hair , smashing he head onto a rock on the ground . jon be both desperately arouse and also in a lot of pain . he pants and grunt and say ow . for a moment he look worried that she 's actually try to murder he . later the sex be over . jon and Clara lie naked amid the nature , look up at the sky . jon this be go to be awkward . clara what be ? jon we . you know . together . Clara have a good laugh . ( continued ) 59 . continued : clara we will never be ' together 's . jon right . clara I find you disgusting . jon ( beat ) oh. okay . clara I with you ...! jon I get the point . ( beat ) Clara . what do he look like ? clara ( shrugge ) I do not know . jon you have never see he without the head on ? Clara shake she head . jon ( cont 'd ) who make it for he ? clara he do not talk about it . jon I think maybe Don have . in the mental hospital . jon stare sadly into the sky . jon ( cont 'd ) be it awful in the mental hospital , Clara ? clara what ? jon be it awful in there ? clara how do I know ? ( beat ) what be you talk about ? ( continued ) 60 . continued : ( 2 ) jon ( beat ) nothing . clara no. what ? jon ( beat ) I ... assume you be mentally ill . clara ( stiffly ) well I be not . jon ( surprise ) huh ! ( beat ) so why be you so against we find a audience ? if it 's not because you be mentally ill ? clara when you package the music you kill it . jon but how be people go to hear the album if we do not launch it ? the music do not exist until people hear it . who be we do it for otherwise ? Clara look at jon as if he 's a idiot . clara for each other . jon ( suddenly ) you love Frank ! you be in love with he ! you be scared that if other people love he you 'il lose he clara fuck off . jon ( teasingly ) you be in love with he ! Clara pick up a nearby rock and mime violently bludgeon jon to death . jon stop teasing Clara . she put the rock back down . ( continued ) 61 . continued : ( 3 ) clara ( sigh ) if you fuck everything up in America I will stab you . ext . vetno - morning the band , still long - haire and dirty and bearded , emerge with they luggage from the silence and stillness of vetno . everyone look anxiously at the outside world . they walk towards they van , which have gather significant dust . jon ( v.o. ) today we leave vetno . hashtag weirdly nervous . i/ E. van - swedish road - day Clara be drive . car zoom loudly past they . they involuntarily shrink back into they seat like child raise by wolf . ext . petrol station - day the band sit in the van , look deeply self - conscious and alienate . a petrol pump attendant approach . jon do not do anything weird . Clara shoot the attendant a massively over - friendly smile . clara fill she up please ! of course in she desperate effort to seem normal she 's come over as totally crazy . Frank 's arm shoot involuntarily upwards , as we ... CUT to : ext . TEXAS desert - day a breathtaking desert landscape , into which drive a rental van . 62. int . rental van - TEXAS desert - day . jon look out of the window . jon wow . it 's like Paris , Texas . so , okay , I have book we a warm - up show in Houston . very low key . just to ease we way back into the world . and then straight to South by Southwest ... frank pull over , jon . Frank root around in the back of the van . jon what be you look for ? frank don. ext . TEXAS desert - day the band stand watch as Frank with a bag of Don 's ash . frank Don , I remember you say that the desert here be you favorite place in the whole world . after Sea World , San Diego . and I know you be homesick , Don . I know there be time you want to come back here , but you do not because of I . well you be home now Don . and we be go to make sure that that sacrifice you make be not in vain . it 's you album we record Don - and we be go to share it with the world . he open the bag and toss the ash into the air . there 's no wind and they land with a clump on the sand in front of they . i/e. dressing room - music venue - TEXAS - evening it 's a down - at heel place in a Houston suburban strip . baraque , beard go , head shave , be busy shave the rest of the band 's head . it make they look even more like a cult . nana be painting over Frank 's paint hair , so that he too look shave . 63 . the wing the band watch Frank , wait for the word from he , like soldier wait for they Captain . frank in this moment only the five of we know what the whole world be about to know . that we have find the music that will change everything . the band look determine , almost grim . they march out onto the stage to be meet by a faint welcoming applause . they glance at each other , understanding the huge significance of the moment . nana and baraque begin to play . after a moment Clara and jon join in . Frank stand in the wing , listen . and very slowly he head begin to glow . as the head reach maximum illumination he bound out onto the stage , jerk and shuffle to the beat . he sing . dissolve to : a montage of moment from the live show . it twist and turn with overwhelming , beautiful oddness . finally the music end in a gigantic crescendo . we await the inevitable roar from the crowd . but instead ... ... the SMALL , baffle audience offer a tiny smatter of uninterested applause . the band stare at the crowd . they can not believe it . later the band sit behind a stall , fail to sell any copy of the vetno album . the audience - ordinary looking men and women - walk past they without show any interest . frank ( cont 'd ) we get the music wrong . clara the music 's right . they be wrong . fuck they . we american adventure be over . we go back to Europe . jon no ! forget this hick conformist fuck . ( continued ) 64 . continued : passer -by ( overhear ) Nice . jon sorry . ( beat ) South by Southwest book we because they already know and love we ! Frank look at jon. jon ( cont 'd ) thing will be different at South by Southwest . trust I , Frank . they love we already there . Frank . they love we already . ext . MAIN STREET - south by southwest - day the band , just arrive , make they way through the buzzy festival crowd . the atmosphere be much more bohemian and hipsterish than at the warm - up show . a hipster band play on a nearby bandstand . hipster in nerd glass hand out flier for they gig . jon be delighted to be among this refreshingly cool , young , free-think people . he 's truly in he xanadu . passer - by look impressed by the band . passer -by awesome costume you guy ! passer -by 2 you look amazing . where be you play ? jon ( to the passer - by ) the blind pig . passer -by awesome venue ! good luck ! jon shoot the other a thrilled and vindicate look . int . production office - day jon be at the accreditation desk , behind which stand two beautiful hipster festival official - simone and alice . Simone exude laconic hipster irony , Alice be more upbeat and sincere . the rest of the band hang back . ( continued ) 65 . continued : simone ( dryly ) my spidey - sense tell I ... jon grin , impressed , at the phrase ' spidey - sense 's . simone ( cont ’d ) .-- that you guy be the ... Simone attempt they name . jon that 's we ! simone and you be jon . alice we follow you on twitter ! awesome job ! jon ( delighted ) thanks ! alice so . here 's the pass and a information pack . oh , do Simone pronounce you name right ? jon ( beat ) jon ? alice the band 's name . jon oh . I actually do not know . ( Calling , to Clara ) Clara ? how do we pronounce the band 's name ? a little way back , Clara shrug , unhelpfully . alice you guy be hilarious ! so a bunch of we be have dinner tonight at a hot dog place in town . come ! jon awesome ! int . JULY 4 th themed hot dog restaurant - evening close on a beautiful young woman sing a pretty , childlike song - perhaps princess chelsea sing the cigarette duo . ( continued ) 66 . continued : we pull back . she 's perform on a little stage in the corner . hipster diner - include jon - regard the singer with fondness . Clara regards she with horror . the place be ironically tacky and July 4th theme - american flag , uncle Sam paraphernalia , portrait of joey ' jaw 's chestnut , the world 's great hotdog competitive eater . the band , Simone and Alice eat hot dog at a big table . Frank hold a napkin over he face to cover the shameful sight of he feed himself tiny bit of sausage under the neckline of the head . alice ( to Frank ) you guy have be in the forest so long all this craziness have to be kind of intimidating I guess . Frank continue to completely conceal he ' face 's with the napkin . frank ( try to sound normal ) oh quite the contrary , I be delighted to be launching we album here , delighted look . Clara 's eye dart across the room . Clara 's Pov : a nightmarish montage of hipster men and women , all look eerily similar - nerd glass , Zooey deschanel face , ironic facial hair , tacky t-shirt that advertise Ocean spray , etc . frank ( cont 'd ) ( to Alice ) I be excited that for the first time we will be perform for people who already know and love we , thanks to jon and he clever secret camera . Frank 's voice have take on a weirdly formal air . jon ( to Alice and Simone ) they do not know I be filming they at vetno . simone ( dryly ) / well , how about you , mister secret squirrel . ( continued ) 67 . continued : ( 2 ) jon I am mister secret squirrel ! alice well it work . we notice you . and you get invite here . frank thrill grin ! Frank 's arm slip and he spill a jug of syrup over himself and he food . frank ( cont 'd ) oh dear ! alice oh , man , be you okay ? Frank clumsily try to clean the syrup off himself . frank I be fine ! I be so fine you should not even bother mention the thing that 's currently happen . Frank 's attempt at clean himself be make he and he head far stickier . frank ( cont 'd ) really ! carry on talk as if this be not happen . alice ( slightly weird - out ) o-kay . so . who have you play for in the past ? frank ( formally ) until now we audience have tend to be people who chance upon we and realize after a few minute that they do not like we . Clara stop glaring at hipster in time to sigh ostentatiously at this . frank ( cont 'd ) I see it in they face , Clara . first they be like this . but then they be like this . Frank continue to try and clean himself . ( continued ) 68 . continued : ( 3 ) frank ( cont 'd ) ( to Alice ) so this be a most exciting and unique opportunity you have give we . Frank give Alice a sincere look . by now he have bit of syrupy - napkin stick all over he face . jon , see Frank 's predicament , spring into efficient action . he spit on a napkin and begin wiping the detritus from Frank 's face . clara mummy 's here . baraque snigger . clara ( cont 'd ) ( indicating the childlike hipster singer ) why do not you team up with princess marigold over there and start a day care center . she can sing the baby song and you can wipe the face and the ass . alice actually , I gotta tell you guy , we know who you be . Simone and I . we find you . but the audience will not have hear of you yet . frank ( astonish ) but more than 23,700 people watch we on you tube . jon ( nervously ) they be cool , though , right ? I mean ... he survey the room . jon 's Pov : the same people Clara find so eerie jon be find awesome . simone ( dryly ) they 's 11 love you . jon do a slight double - take . Simone 's vocal tone be consistently so ironic it 's hard to tell if she mean anything she say . alice be you crazy ? they will go crazy for you ! you do know that a stand out gig at New discovery can ... ( continued ) 69 . continued : ( 4 ) Alice do a impression of a rocket shoot off into the stratosphere . jon look alarmed . alice ( cont 'd ) but , hey , do not sweat it ! just be yourselves ! maybe do some research about which band do well at New discovery and which band do not in previous year and try and work out why and just be yourselves ! the singer finish to applause from everyone except Clara , nana and baraque . int . HOTEL bar - late at night the place be desert . jon sit hunch intensely over he laptop . the rest of the band enter . frank what be it jon ? you look scared . have something bad happen ? jon not scared . I have work something out . look . they approach jon 's laptop . jon ( cont 'd ) ( enthuse ) right . Frank . you be abnormal . Frank nod , equally enthuse . jon ( cont 'd ) let I show you someone else who 's abnormal . jon press play . on the screen - a you tube clip of baby dee sing beautifully but very strangely ... baby dee ( sing ) who can save I from the man who wield the grind stone he wield the grind stone . jon abnormal . do a New discovery . 16 you tube hit . the song end . we hear a smatter of applause from the tiny audience . ( continued ) 70 . continued : jon ( cont 'd ) whereas ... jon press play . on the screen a more mainstream band - still difficult and avant - garde , but with a generally more likeable , nerdy , ironic , self - aware demeanor , and a nice stable drum beat . jon ( cont 'd ) still abnormal . storm New discovery . 380,000 you tube hit . what do this teach we ? frank ( beat ) go on . jon that two year in the forest have calibrate we slightly too far towards the wrong sort of mental . everything that 's successful here happen within a certain boundary that we be currently just outside of . clara nobody 's listen to you . mediocre child . frank ( at Clara ) shh . Clara look like she 's be slap . jon we have always demand that the audience stretch they corner all the way out to meet ours , Frank , but what if we pull we corner in a tiny bit - just a tiny , tiny bit - so everyone 's corner can meet in a place that 's stilla really long way off but a bit less ... jon do a exaggerated impression of Clara 's idiot shriek theremin solo . jon ( cont 'd ) ..- and a bit more ... likeable . do we want a smatter of baffle applause at New discovery or do we want to raise the fuck roof ? ( continued ) 71 . continued : ( 2 ) on the screen - the more likeable band finish they song to rapturous applause . jon ( cont 'd ) Frank ? Frank hold he hand out to hush jon . a silence . Frank be silently compose . frank ( with great import ) I think I be write my most likeable song ever . jon ( beat ) can we hear it ? Clara look like she want to kill jon . int . bedroom - HOTEL - late at night Frank sit at the keyboard . the rest of the band gather in readiness to hear Frank 's most likeable song ever . jon film the scene on he iphone . frank I have always dream that one day I have have a band member who share my vision of create extremely likeable music . so thank you , jon . you give I the little push I need . okay . enough chatter . here it be . my most likeable song ever . Frank begin to play . bang ! bang ! bang ! it 's the same glorious , strange , ridiculous , totally non-mainstream stuff that Frank have always play . the madder end , in fact , of he oeuvre . Frank finish . a beat . clara this be you most likeable song ? frank yes . Clara do not show a thing on she face . clara people will love it . Frank raise he arm in jubilation . ( continued ) 72 . continued : jon ( clear he throat ) actually , Frank , I think we can push the likability even further . frank no way ! you be shitting I . ( beat ) how ? ext . forest - edge of town - day the band have gather with they instrument . jon have get hold of some video equipment . he 's stand behind the camera . clara ( to jon ) let I see if I get this right . you want we to make a video in which we pretend we music do not matter so the people here who act like baby will not be scared of we . jon no . well , sort of . look . you know the crazy person on the bus that nobody want to sit next to ? that 's we . but if we just lighten up ... be a tiny bit more likeably self -aware ... clara I be not play a fuck ukulele , I 'il tell you that now . frank I be go to point at my head a lot ! like this ! Frank dance around a little too over - zealously , point at he head . frank ( cont 'd ) ( as he dance ) Press record , jon . I be ready . jon press record on he video camera and hurry over to take he place behind the keyboard . they start play a more hipster version of one of they song . everything be a little different . Frank 's voice and dance seem more ironic . jon have a new , ironic , keyboard sound . and hipster sunglass . baraque and nana be dutifully go along with it - they bass and percussion be more unvary than normal . ( continued ) 73 . continued : only Clara be hold out . she have adopt she most intimidating scowl , and be play as harshly as she can muster . but she protest be useless . jon have manage to make they sound likeable rather than alarmingly experimental . the overall effect - see the band like this - be both likeable but also strangely sad . the song reach a instrumental section . Frank address the camera . frank ( cont 'd ) ( talk too fast ) hi , South by Southwest . we be the sknprfb or something . CUT to : close on a computer screen . the Forest video have be upload to the new discoveries website . frank ( cont 'd ) we have be in the forest for two year like secret squirrel but on Friday night we emerge so come and see we then at the blind pig you guy and watch we shake the leave from we clothes and be not like secret squirrel any more but regular squirrel . we pull out to see that we be in ... int . simone and alice 's office - day Simone and Alice watch the video . Alice regards it with a upbeat and enthusiastic smile , Simone seem more laconic . i/e. canopy . south by southwest - evening a New discovery party be in full swing . the crowd and the decor be cool and ironic and hipsterish . simone ( dryly , to jon ) Love the promo video . jon look at she quizzically . be she be ironic or sincere ? jon ( beat ) thanks ? ( continued ) 74 . continued : simone I be be sincere . jon phew ! across the party , Frank be be chatted up by a hipster girl . hipster girl awesome promo video . frank ( talk too fast ) thank you we be go for a kind of not believe in anything thing awesomely . Clara get in really close and give the girl she best death stare . hipster girl ( dryly , to Clara ) oh. hi. a chill silence from Clara . hipster girl ( cont 'd ) I know you . you be the woman from the band who look like she 's from a different band . jon , join they , smirk . he 's filming the party on he iphone . clara ( to Frank ) come on , Frank . let 's get away from this child . frank ( talk too fast ) leave ? good heaven , no . I be incredibly happy to be here and relaxed . later the party continue in full - flow . Clara be confront jon in a corner . clara Frank 's tipping over the edge . jon no he 's not . what be you talk about ? he say he 's incredibly happy to be here and relaxed . ( continued ) 75 . continued : ( 2 ) clara he say it in a unhinge tone of voice and you know it . they look over at Frank , who continue to flirt with the girl . jon he look pretty happy to I . whereas you seem ... clara what ? jon ( coldly ) out of control . Clara falter , suddenly seem less confident . she just look at jon . jon ( cont 'd ) gosh . you have run out of insult ? later the party be get more riotous . jon wander anxiously through the crowd . jon ( cont 'd ) ( Calling ) Frank ? ( beat ) Frank ? he find nana and baraque . jon ( cont 'd ) ( to nana ) have you see ... he realize this be pointless . he turn to baraque . jon ( cont 'd ) have you see Frank ? baraque ( in french , subtitle ) Clara have take he away . jon where ? to the hotel ? baraque give jon a cold smile and say nothing . jon ( cont 'd ) ( startle ) where ? 76 . ext . party - moment later jon run through the street . jon ( Calling ) Frank ! Frank ! ( to a hipster passer - by ) have you see a man wear a fake head ? hipster passer -by ( laconically ) a crazy - look lady be pull a guy with a fake head along just around that corner . could that be the guy in the fake head you be look for ? jon ( beat ) likely . jon run around the corner and see ... .. Clara pulling Frank away , she hand firmly clasped to he . jon ( cont 'd ) ( yelling ) stop . Clara and Frank stop . jon ( cont 'd ) where do you think you be take he ? clara fuck off , jon . he 's fall apart . jon ( to Frank ) she 's the one who 's nut , Frank . not you . you be fine ! Frank break free of Clara . he walk towards jon . jon ( cont 'd ) you know it . you tell I yourself that Clara be crazy . she kidnap you and she 's very weird and do not want you to have fan . clara remember what thing be like at vetno , Frank . there be no stress . everything be good there . ( continued ) 77 . continued : at this , Frank suddenly stop , midway between jon and Clara . he glance from one to the other , not know which one to go to . clara ( cont 'd ) everything be quiet and good at vetno , Frank . do not you remember ? let 's go back there . jon see ! she want to keep you lock up like at vetno . she 's just weird and jealous . clara you be out of you depth , jon. Frank . you be not well . we need to be somewhere quiet . just we . jon tomorrow night be everything we have work for ! they be ready to love we , Frank . Frank . they be ready to love we . do not throw it away . Frank look at Clara . frank Clara . he start walk towards jon. jon oh thank God . jon watch Frank walk towards he in the moonlight . it 's a beautiful sight . jon get out he iphone and begin to film it . clara ( Calling ) you win . well do . Clara start walk towards jon too . jon continue to film the scene . jon ( a little tauntingly ) I be sorry Clara . I hope you be not too sad . be you a little sad ? clara yes I be a little bit sad . Clara be almost upon jon now . jon suddenly realize Clara 's hold a knife . ( continued ) 78 . continued : ( 2 ) jon ( panick ) chinchilla ! Clara stab jon in the leg . pandemonium jon fall to the floor and roll about shriek . passer -by Jesus Christ . jon' p.o.v - from the floor . Clara turn to Frank . be she go to stab he too ? but she suddenly realize what she 's do . the knife fall to the floor . clara Frank . a passer - by grab she . on jon - lie on the floor , beneath the pain , a gleam of remorselessness in he eye . his dream have come true . int . jon 's HOTEL room - south by southwest - morning jon be lie on the bed , he leg bandage , type into twitter on he laptop . jon ( v.0 . ) Clara fricke , we very own syd barratt , be arrest today and charge with assault after stabbing I in the leg . see link . we will all miss Clara and sincerely hope that we own crazy diamond will also shine on . jon smile slightly to himself . jon and ... twitvid . jon lie back on he bed , satisfied . int . frank 's HOTEL bedroom - afternoon jon hobble quietly into the room and join baraque and nana stare at a prone Frank lie on he bed . baraque Il dort . ( continued ) 79 . continued : jon he 's dead ? baraque asleep . woman 's voice ( 0.s. ) he 's sick . jon and baraque both turn , surprised . it be nana . and this be the first time she 's say a word during the entire movie . jon ( thrown ) he 's ... just have a fright . he will be fine for tonight . nana not Frank . you. jon ( beat ) sorry ? nana I have know it since the first time I see you . on that beach . you would have drowned Lucas to take he place in the band . jon ( beat ) no I would not have . nana because you look inside of yourself and you can not find anything there . jon yes I can . nana so you only hope be to live off Frank 's talent like a tick . which be why you have to get rid of Clara . you have to make she stab you . jon Clara chose to stab I ! nana sit beside Frank on the bed , take he hand . nana ( gently ) Frank ? ( continued ) 80 . continued : ( 2 ) no answer . nana ( cont 'd ) F ade so gently ) ' rank ! frank ( beat ) what ? nana we can not play without Clara . jon what ? what be you talk about ? she 's go to prison ! we do not know how long for ! meanwhile we have the biggest gig of we life come up in three hour . nana ( ignoring he ) Frank ? jon ( bulldoze ) which , by the way , be get bigger by the minute . the stabbing could not have come at a better time , Frank . he take out he phone . jon ( cont 'd ) I post the stabbing clip two hour ago . ( beat ) we be currently twitter 's worldwide number one trending topic . I have have everyone at South by Southwest on the phone . he play the clip on he phone - we hear the tinny scene play out . nana ( to Frank ) baraque and I have pack we bag . we be leave . jon what ? no. you ... you can not . from the phone we hear a tinny jon. jon ( 0.s. ) ( cont 'd ) ( over phone ) chinchilla ! ( continued ) 81 . continued : ( 3 ) jon ( cont 'd ) you can not leave ! we have have 467,328 view . jon press reload . jon ( cont 'd ) reload . 467,914 view ! they be all watch ! ( to nana and baraque ) do not leave . int . HOTEL lobby - later nana and baraque shoot jon a triumphant look as they head towards the hotel exit . nana ( over she shoulder ) good luck play tonight with no band member . jon ( with bravado ) I do not need luck and I x11 tell you why ! one word ! ... unplugge ! nana and baraque hesitate for a moment . have jon pull a ace card ? a little less sure of themselves , they leave . int . frank 's HOTEL bedroom - minute later Frank be sit up in bed now . jon be hobbling animatedly around the room . jon unplugge ! I on acoustic guitar . you on vocal . delegate really like it when band go unplugge . it 's a special thing . it 's kind of pure . jon sound like he 's try to convince himself as much as Frank . frank '' delegate '' ! '' unplugge '' . it 's like you speak a amazing foreign language ! there 's a edge to Frank 's voice which could be excitement . or could be panic . jon I be fluent in it . ( continued ) 82 . continued : Frank stare at the empty room behind jon . jon notice Frank 's tapping hand . jon ( cont 'd ) Frank ? be you okay ? frank just excited . just ... so ... excited ! later jon and Frank be in the midst of a rehearsal in the bedroom - just Frank 's vocal and jon 's guitar . jon ( v.o. ) hello twitter . well I have to say it 's extremely nice to have Frank to myself without the other constantly go '' blah blah blah jon you be a twat " and stabbing I . they be play the vetno music , but the difficult experimental sound have be replace by jon 's unexpectedly likeable indie guitar SOUND . jon this be actually really good ! and he 's right . it 's likeable . and also quite ordinary . frank we be ignite the light and let it shine ! Frank wander into the bathroom as jon continue to play . frank ( 0.s. ) ( cont 'd ) just do my ablution ! jon be as quick as you can ! jon continue to strum . later jon stand at the bathroom door , still strumm . jon ( cont 'd ) ( beat ) Frank ? Frank walk back into the room . he have take a cosmetic kit to he head . he 's give himself very rosy cheek , a garishly huge smile , bright blue eye shadow ... ( continued ) 83 . continued : ( 2 ) frank we can cure cancer ! jon stare at Frank uncertainly . ext . MAIN STREET - south by southwest - day jon be hold Frank 's hand , lead he towards the venue . Frank shake off jon 's grip and veer off to the edge of the fun , where hipster security guard be keep the fun pen in with conceal barrier . Frank try to climb over a barrier . hipster security guard ( a big fun smile ) hey man , where be you go ? frank to let off firework at a cancer hospital . hipster security guard you be funny . the Security Guard turn Frank around so he face the crowd again . hipster security guard ( cont 'd ) hey , have a great South by . he gently push Frank back into the crowd . frank do not touch I ! ( glancing at something o.s. ) ohmygod ! a store that sell medal and feather ! int . store - moment later it 's busy , with hipster shopper . Frank be frantically pin medal and feather to he outfit . jon ( to the owner ) it 's okay . we have get money . store owner you be the guy from the Internet . jon yep . ( continued ) 84 . continued : store owner I try to get ticket to see you play tonight , but it 's totally sell out . you be the hot ticket . what happen to the woman who stab the guy ? jon ( beat ) she 's in jail . store owner oh really ? jon believe I it 's no loss . frank ( shout across the room ) what do a man have to do to get some sex around here ? I have never have sex ! everyone look at Frank . i/e . music venue - evening a very buzzy atmosphere . a long queue to enter - 100 cool people in a really cool venue . this be the mover and shaker . the stage light come on . the audience hush in excited anticipation . many in the crowd have they smartphone video ready in anticipation . his guitar around he neck , jon limp onto the stage , to cheer . heckler chinchilla ! there 's laughter . jon gamely point at he bandage and give the crowd a thumb up . jon begin to play , he competent indie SOUND . after a moment Frank walk onto the stage , to a big cheer . he walk to the microphone . he stand there , look at the expectant audience , at blogger filming he on they iphone . Frank start to sing . but word do not come out . instead it 's the same weird , high pitch shriek we hear at vetno . ( continued ) 85 . continued : jon continue gamely on , although a look of massive panic cross he face . the audience glance at each other to say , '' be this cool ? how be we suppose to react ? '' Frank start to shake uncontrollably . he fall backwards , hit he head on the speaker . he reach up to he head and feel a crack . he follow it with he finger as it get wider , wide enough to stick he finger in . jon stare at the stunne audience , then down at Frank . he 's urgently try to say something to jon . but the word will not come out . he indicate that jon get closer . jon do . he put he ear right to Frank 's ' mouth '. jon ( urgently ) what , Frank ? what be it ? frank this music be shit . we pull back to see the full catastrophe on stage , Frank lie , a mess , on the floor , jon on he knee at he side , the audience stand there , stunne , many of they filming the calamity on they iphone . i/e . HOTEL room - day jon and Frank be slump in they room . jon look utterly defeat . on tv : presenter ..- Cleveland , Ohio band mister gnome have all of Austin talk last night with a barnstorm set at South by Southwest ... frank be not we suppose to be play at South by Southwest ? jon let out a big sigh . he look at he iphone . close on jon 's iphone - 13 new email . we catch a glimpse of a few word : ' you guy be insane ! 's ' from Sony music’ . ' if you can somehow pull it together ... 's ( continued ) 86 . continued : jon ( glimpsing hope ) Frank . I know you be not happy with the music . so let 's work on it together . Frank shake he head . jon ( cont 'd ) why not ? frank you be not Clara . i/ E. car - austin - day jon be drive towards the city limit . ext . trailer park - TEXAS desert - day the desert loom just beyond a cluster of scrappy , work - class trailer home . jon pull up outside one . ext . trailer home - moment later he knock on the door . a peruvian shaman answer . jon hello . I see you advert . in High Times ? the shaman consider this . shaman do you have $ 40 ? jon hand the shaman the money . he beckon jon inside . int . trailer home - continuous the shaman lead jon through the live room - where he wife be watch daytime tv - and into he kitchenette , where a enormous ornate shamanic blowpipe sit on the table . he begin to prepare the ayahuasca powder . he start to chant : ' o-day-o-day-o-day ... 's shaman ( between chant ) ayahuasca . the doorway to the other realm . I evoke the spirit of the plant . ( continued ) 87 . continued : he continue chant . the tv be blaring 0.s. the shaman flinch , irritate , and chant louder to try and drow it out . shaman ( cont 'd ) ( finally , yell to he wife ) will you turn that down ! she do . shaman ( cont 'd ) ( between chant ) it be my wife 's sister 's idea . ( adopting a woman 's voice ) '' move to America . you can be the movie star 's ayahuasca shaman ! you will live in beverly Hills ! '' you know what it turn out movie star do not want ? jon what ? shaman ayahuasca . ( beat ) be you of sound mind ? the shaman continue to chant , heating up strange liquid on the hob , chopping plant . jon I be . shaman you be not depressed ? he unexpectedly pour steaming black liquid , fill with pink petal , onto jon 's head . jon I suppose I have be miserable lately but I would not say depressed . ( beat ) why ? the shaman blow weird grey smoke on jon 's head . it snake around he face . shaman ayahuasca take you to the furthest corner of you imagination . you must be strong enough to face what you find there whether it be angel or beast . ( continued ) 88 . continued : ( 2 ) jon this be exactly what I have be want to do ! I really want to go to my furthest corner . shaman why ? jon ( gravely ) because I want to unlock the music . the shaman nod . jon ( cont 'd ) have I take the ayahuasca yet ? shaman not yet . jon good , because nothing 's happen . shaman you will take it . something will happen . the shaman lift the blowpipe . jon take one end of it in he mouth . he hesitates , wonder what the hell he 's about to do to himself . jon actually can I just ...? the shaman blow the powder into jon 's mouth . jon look at the shaman . then he fall backwards into the sofa . almost instantly he sit back up again and take a notebook from he pocket . jon ( cont 'd ) I be go to write music now . Goodbye . he walk purposefully out of the trailer and towards the desert . ext . TEXAS desert - later jon wander through the dune , wildly unhinge but blank face . wide - he have not stray at all far from the freeway . a steady stream of car roar past he . ( continued ) 89 . continued : jon reach a crumbling roadside cafe and he gratefully sit down at a table outside . he take out he notebook and stare at its blank white page , wait for inspiration . the cafe sign above he head creak slightly in the breeze . jon stare sternly up at the sign . jon be quiet . I be try to hear what 's inside I . and suddenly all SOUND cut , and jon find himself sit in a impossible silence . he look at the car and truck roaring past . but they too be horribly silent . jon look trap and frighten inside this oppressive silence , like a insect trap in a airless jar . jon listen to the infinite silence inside himself . he mouth a subtitle sentence . jon ( cont 'd ) ( subtitled ) I can not hear anything . ( and then , terrify ) I can not hear anything ! he look down at he body and - like a bubble of nothingness - he pop . he evaporate . he be gone . int . kitchenette - motel room - some week later Frank and jon be eat at the tiny table . jon be unshaven . the place be a mess . a steel , pull - down light hang over the table . as Frank bend forward to he complan he head clink against it . it ding . he lean back . then he lean forward to the straw again . he clink he head against the light again . another ding . jon watch he in mount irritation . Frank lean forward again . jon catch the light and push it up before there can be another '' ding '' . jon ( hardly caring any more ) ( more ) ( continued ) 90 . continued : jon ( cont 'd ) the motel owner say if we do not pay in full by the end of the week they be go to throw we out . a fly buzze around Frank 's head . Frank try to swat it , but - be in a fake head - he spatial awareness be shot to hell and he accidently swipe a cup , spilling rancid coffee all over jon . frank oh Jesus I be sorry . Frank grab a dirty cloth from the sink and start to mop at jon 's coffee sodden trousers . as he do he head come very near to jon 's face and jon lean back in disgust . clearly , Frank be beginning to smell under he head . jon Jesus ! jon pick up a very long stick with a baby wipe attach to the end . he wave it at Frank . jon ( cont 'd ) ( through gritt tooth ) I make it . now will you use it ? Frank insert the baby wipe inside he head . try to clean himself . jon watch in silence . suddenly ... jon ( cont 'd ) ( softly ) take it off . Frank stop move . jon ( cont 'd ) the head . maybe you should take it off . Frank stare at jon for a long time . then he shake he head no . jon ( cont 'd ) ( try to be enthusiastic , but sounding tense and nut ) you know , in cognitive Behavioral therapy they say face you fear ! they say take the head off ! so let 's do it ! let 's take the fuck head off ! jon walk closer to Frank . ( continued ) 91 . continued : ( 2 ) frank ( scare ) jon ? I do not think I ... jon reach Frank and try to touch the head . frank ( cont 'd ) I have get a certificate . jon ( beat , quietly ) I know you have get a certificate . ( beat ) I know you've got a fucking certificate ! jon and Frank be struggle now , jon be try desperately to pull Frank 's head off . the sudden violence inside jon be shocking . jon ( cont 'd ) take it off ! weird noise begin to emanate from inside Frank 's head . they be the noise of a terrify animal . the shock of the noise make jon hesitate for a instant . as he do , Frank slip from he grasp and run shriek towards the door . he manage to get it open and run out ... and jon , as if waking from a nightmare , realize what he 's do ... jon ( cont 'd ) no ! Frank ! I be sorry ! I do not know what I be think ! Frank ! ext . STREET - TEXAS suburb - continuous -- the bright sunlight . shriek , bewilder , Frank run confuse out of the motel and towards the sidewalk . jon run a little way after he . jon Frank ! I be sorry ! come back ! long shot Frank run , disorient , onto the sidewalk , then over the curb , and out onto the highway . he get smaller and smaller . he keep go . ( continued ) 92 . continued : and then he be hit by a car . the car screech to a halt as Frank fly over the windshield . jon start to run towards the scene of the accident . he reach the car , and then he walk around it , expect to see Frank lie there . but Frank be not there . instead there be just he head , lie shatter on the road . the driver be stand there , shocked . jon ( cont 'd ) where do he go ? driver that way . jon do he look injure ? driver he be limping . jon ( beat ) do you see he face ? the driver begin to answer . jon take half a step back into the oncoming traffic and be hit by a car . cut to black . i/e . hospital - TEXAS - day jon lie asleep . he 's on a drip . bandage up . he wake up . look around . he can not remember why he 's there . and then he remember . he close he eye . int . police station - day a heavily bandage jon sit wait in the station . a cop walk over with a form on a clipboard . cop you want to report a miss person ? ( continued ) 93. continued : jon yes. cop ok . what 's the person 's name ? jon ( beat ) Frank . cop Frank what ? jon consider this . jon just ... Frank ? the cop examine he balefully . cop Age ? jon uh , somewhere between thirty and ... fifty ? cop ( beat ) what 's he look like ? jon consider this . he start to tear up . int . diner - day jon , still bandage , but on the slow path to recovery , sit at the counter , stare out into the distance . the young man beside he have be watch he for a while . now he click he finger . young man be drive I crazy , but I know who you be . jon ( emptily ) oh ? young man you be the chinchilla guy , right ? jon nod sadly . young man ( cont ’d ) awesome . chinchilla guy , and the guy with the big head and the crazy chick ... Clara ? right ? ( continued ) 94 . continued : jon look at he . jon how do you know she name ? young man be you kid ?. you be like myth . there 's footage of you fuck everywhere online . jon laugh sadly . young man ( cont ’d ) all totally erratic and shit . nervous breakdown . '' chinchilla ! '' people roll around on the floor . just wayward ! and now it 's all , ' what 's happen to Frank ? he 's just vanish . 's Fucking hilarious . jon look at he with dislike . jon I do not think it 's hilarious . young man really ? I think it be suppose to be hilarious . I mean , like that Clara ? be a total freak . jon stare down at he coffee . jon do not call she that . i/e. roadside blue bar - middle of nowhere - day a down - at-heel roadside venue . jon enter to find the place practically desert - just some trucker and biker and drunk local . Clara , nana and baraque be on stage play the blue in a perfunctory manner to the small uninterested crowd . jon stand in the doorway , look profoundly sad at what he 's reduce they to . Clara and nana and baraque notice he . they blue trail off to silence . a few of the drunk applaud uncertainly . later jon and the band sit at a booth table . ( continued ) 95 . continued : clara ( coldly ) we be try to raise the money to get back to Europe . jon look desperately sorry . baraque ( in french , subtitle ) how do you find we ? jon slide a newspaper across the table . close on the newspaper . between gig listing for ' bayou boogie 's and ' the Chicken on the bone Party Band 's be one for a residency for ' the oeccscclhjhn blue Trio 's . jon everything you say , nana . it be true . I be a snake . ( his voice break ) you have to let I try and put it right . Clara turn she face away . jon ( cont 'd ) ( utterly break ) if you do not let I try , this be what I 'il be until I die . baraque ( in french - subtitle ) the man who kill the music . jon I love all of you . and I be so sorry . a silence . clara where 's Frank ? jon ( beat ) he run away . clara ( softly ) then I will help you find he . jon look at Clara with huge sadness and gratitude . 96 . i/e. car - bleak country road - minute later jon give Clara a sad , world - weary smile . two traveller who have be through a great and terrible adventure together . jon I turn we all into freak for people to laugh at on the internet . Clara pull a cigarette out of she packet and push in the car 's cigarette lighter . jon ( cont 'd ) so I be think that the way to find Frank might be ... Clara unexpectedly lean over and begin violently strangling jon . jon ( cont 'd ) ( yelping ) Clara ? Clara grab the back of jon 's head and start to slam it repeatedly into the steering wheel . jon ( cont 'd ) that really fuck hurt ! Clara ! Clara grab the red-hot cigarette lighter and press it against jon 's skin . it sizzle . jon ( cont 'd ) fuck ! fuck ! Clara ! the car swerve off the road , into a field , and crash into a tree . they head slam against the windscreen . ext . field - moment later Clara and jon stand by the wreckage of jon 's car . jon what the fuck do you do that for ? you could have kill both of US ! clara ( yelling - the old Clara ) I leave you alone with he for five minute ! Clara begin to calm down . ( continued ) 97 . continued : jon be we okay now ? you have get you revenge ? clara we be okay now . jon it 's finish ? clara it 's finish now . I have get it out of my system . ext . bleak country road - later jon and Clara be limping through the nothingness , back towards the roadside bar . a truck approach . jon stick he thumb out , give the truck driver a plaintive smile . Clara give jon a massive shove , try to push he into the truck 's path . the truck narrowly miss jon , its horn blaring . jon Jesus fucking christ , Clara ! will you fuck fucking stop ? ( astonish ) you be actually try to kill I ! Clara give jon the finger . clara fuck you and fuck Frank . she quickly walk away - back in the direction of the Roadhouse . int . coffee shop - bleak mall - later jon sit at a table , look wretch , surfing the net . close on jon 's web search . page after page be dedicated to video and photo of the band : the chinchilla stabbing , the vetno rehearsals , Frank 's nervous breakdown on stage at South by Southwest . and then more page - fan speculate on Frank 's disappearance and possible whereabouts . there be sighting in fairbank , Alaska , pahrump nevada ; quatchita , Louisiana ... ( continued ) 98 . continued : jon stop suddenly and stare at the word - quatchita , Louisiana . int . jon' bedroom - vetno - the past a flashback to ... don he tell I once he come from Louisiana . that 's all I know . jon Louisiana ? don quatchita , Louisiana . ext . rural louisiana - day a grim landscape of rural poverty , strewn with old rusting metal , abandon vehicle , shack , hungry - look dog . hillbilly child and old people stare suspiciously at jon as he pull up outside a shack in he hire car . gps voice ( 0.s ) you have reach you destination . i/ E. hire car - continuous jon ( to himself ) Christ . it 's like Winter 's bone . close on the detail of the poverty and suspicion . jon get out twitter . jon ( v.o. ) ( with great solemnity , as he type ) I have find Frank 's childhood home . it 's so bleak . no wonder he never talk about it . I would not be surprised if he be the victim of some kind of ... jon sigh . jon ( v.0 . ) .- farm abuse . and now I get it . this be the pain you need to make the great music . hashtag but be it worth it ? ( continued ) 99 . continued : jon nervously leave the car , approach a hillbilly man . other hillbillies stand a little way off , watch . jon ( his voice quivering ) I have come to see Frank . the man stare silently . jon ( cont 'd ) ( beat ) wear a fake head ? the hillbilly spit on the floor . hillbilly ai not no one round here wear a fake head . jon ( beat ) okay . ( pluck up courage ) except he grow up here . and he 's be sighted here . so I think he actually may be here ? the hillbilly share a hard -to-decipher look . hillbilly he 's in the shed . the hillbilly indicate a nearby creepy woodshed . jon ( beat ) Frank 's in that shed ? hillbilly I 'il show you . the hillbilly walk towards the shed . his friend follow . hillbilly ( cont ’d ) c'mon . jon nervously begin to follow . jon actually , you know what , I think I will leave it . hillbilly he 's in there . i’1l show you . ( Calling towards the shed ) Frank . you get a visitor . ( continued ) continued : ( 2 ) 100 . the hillbilly , with a now terrify jon in tow , enter the shed . int . shed - continuous lying on the floor , in the straw , be a old scarecrow with a grotesque fake head . the hillbillies laugh . hillbilly be this you friend ? jon politely laugh . hillbilly ( cont ’d ) I tell you be not no one round here wear a fake head . jon right ! hillbilly what 's the address you be look for ? jon get out he map quest print-out . the hillbillies ponder it . the head hillbilly spit on the floor again . hillbilly ( cont ’d ) you type the wrong zip code into you gps . jon do I ? hillbilly ( point at the print - out ) say here 71008 . you type 71007 . jon oh , gosh . hillybilly place you be look for ' 's about nine mile that way . jon ( beat ) thanks . ext . suburban house - later the contrast could not be starker . this be as middle CLASS suburban as it get . ( continued ) 101 . continued : jon sit in he hire car at the bottom of a driveway . he look disappointed . jon ( to himself ) it 's like where I bloody grow up . he take a breath . he climb out of he car . in the front garden ...a figure , he back to jon . jon walk towards the figure . he stop suddenly , afraid . then he take a few step forward . the man turn around . he have the most incredible , expressive face . it be obviously Frank . jon ( cont 'd ) oh , Frank . I be so ashamed . I should never have try to pull you head off . man with amazing face ( in a voice sounding nothing like Frank 's ) I be the tree surgeon . I be just here to look at the tree . frank ( 0.s. ) hi jon. jon turn around . across the garden be Frank . without he head . look nice , gentle , and really quite normal . he 's stand with two elderly people - Frank 's parent . all three be wear gardening glove . Mary hold a run hose . they stare at jon with puzzle smile . int . kitchen - day jon sit with Frank , he mother and Father . they drink coffee but jon do not touch he . mother it use to be a miracle to see he downstairs like this , right frankie ? frank ( smiling ) that 's right . father when Frank be a boy we could not get he out of he bedroom . ( more ) ( continued ) 102 . continued : father ( cont 'd ) I mean , he would get hysterical if we try to move he . jon what happen to you , Frank ? something must have happen to make you like that . Father look at jon like he 's a idiot . father nothing happen to he . he 's mentally ill . jon glance over at the mantelpiece . there 's a family photograph from Frank 's childhood . close on the photograph : Frank 's parent and teenage frank , try to hide he face with he hand . mother when he be about seventeen he stop talk altogether . they call it selective mutism . he select it to be all the time . we do not know what to do . so ... that be when he go into the hospital . break my heart . jon ( hopefully ) and that 's when you start make music ? as a kind of expression of the madness ? frank no . I be always musical . Far back as I can remember . if anything the madness slowed I down . Frank frown at he memory . then he point at he face . frank ( cont 'd ) look ! facial expression ! oh , you be right about encourage I to take the head off . now I have get use to it it 's fine . I think I would be use it as a bit of a crutch . father the head be my fault . I make he he first one . he be 14 . he just begge I and begge I . he say it be for a costume party . ( get upset ) I do it . even though I know there be not any costume party . ( continued ) continued : a silence . 103 . ( 2 ) father ( cont ’d ) turn out the worst thing to do with a anxiety disorder be pander to it . mother who know ? father he never take it off again . frank do you want to see my bedroom ? int . frank 's bedroom - day jon and Frank stand in a little boy 's bedroom . frank this be where I write my first music . jon have you write anything since you have be back ? frank no . I try , but nothing good come out . it sound , no offence , jon , like the kind of stuff you have write . jon smile sadly . jon nod , bed . frank ( cont 'd ) I know what you be get at downstairs . you be hope that some ... thing have unlock the music in I . something you never have . but some people have get it and some people have not . that 's the truth of it . I mean , I be terrible at everything else . there 's probably something else you be great at ! ( brightly ) like band management ! no. not band management . Marketing ! sadly accept of he fate . Frank sit on the frank ( cont ’d ) but I be not good at music any more either . it 's slip away . I guess because Clara 's go . so. ( continued ) 104 . continued : jon it 's my fault . frank no it be not . you have basically be really helpful . jon sit on the bed next to Frank . jon Frank . I need to explain to you how I ruin everything . we drift away from they , out of the window , into the garden , where Frank 's mother and father be do some gardening . jon ( 0.s. ) ( cont 'd ) I think it start right back on that beach in England ... int . roadside bar - evening it 's the same down - at-heel bar we meet Clara and nana and baraque at . they be still there - play the blue to local drunk who do not care . jon and Frank enter . they stand hesitantly at the back . jon give Frank a small push . he hang back as Frank walk towards the stage . Clara notice this stranger approach they . there seem something familiar about he . he climb onto the stage and approach the microphone . and he start to sing . and then she realize . a look pass between Clara and Frank . and , slowly , as Frank sing , we begin to pull back . Clara play more intensely . as do Frank and the other . and the music make sense again . it swell to something beautiful ... difficult but beautiful . as the music build into joyful life , we pull further back , over the audience , who do not seem realize that something incredible be happen . they look uninterested . but then one or two drunk appear to notice that the music have change into something else . they glance up from they drink . ( continued ) 105 . continued : jon listen from the back . he watch for a moment . then he slip out of the door . and we ... fade to black .