france written by Eric bergren , Christopher De vore &amp ; Nicholas Kazan prologue black . we hear the soft voice of france Farmer . france ( v.o. ) no one ever come up to I and say , ' you be a fool . there be not such a thing as God . somebody 's be stuff you . ' fade in : ext . puget SOUND - day on a expanse of water , calm and undisturbed . after a moment , it begin to ripple as something rise toward the surface . a girl 's face break through . france ( v.o . ) it be not a murder . I think God just die of old age . and when I realize he be not any more , it do not shock I . it seem natural and right . the girl , france , be 16 , blond , very pretty : she seem like the most persuasive proof imaginable of God 's existence . she swim toward the shore with long graceful stroke ... then climb the step of the old wood jetty on West Point Beach . france ( v.o. ) and yet I begin to wonder what the minister mean when he say , ' God , the Father , see even the smallest sparrow fall . he watch over all he child . ' that jumble it all up for I . ext . puget SOUND - later the bank of puget sound , dot with elm tree . france sit comfortably in the fork of a tree write in she diary . towel around she neck , she hair splay out and drying golden in the sun . france ( v.o. ) but still sometimes I find that God be useful to remember , especially when I lose thing that be important . ' please God , let I find my red hat with the blue trimming . ' int . farmer home - family room - evening france be now read aloud from she diary , gently sway back and forth in a rock chair . a older woman , lillian farmer , sit opposite on the couch , listen and nodd from time to time . a small suitcase stand by the front door . france it usually work . God become a superfather that could not spank I . but if I want a thing badly enough , he arrange it . ernest farmer appear in the doorway and hesitates , listen to he daughter read . france but if God love all of his child equally , why do he bother about my red hat and let other people lose they father and mother for always ? Ernest go to france and kiss she softly on the top of she head . she look at he briefly , smile slightly . ernest bye , baby . france see you next weekend , dad . he go to the door and pick up he suitcase , glance at lillian . she do not look up . he leave . france I begin to see that he do not have much to do about hat or people die or anything . they happen whether he want they to or not , and he stay in Heaven and pretend not to notice . dissolve to : int . auditorium - day france stand at a podium . other student and teachers sit to either side of she on fold chair . above the proscenium be engrave : West Seattle High School . below that a banner hang : " national high school essay competition , 1931 . " france I wonder a little why God be such a useless thing . it seem a waste of time to have him . after that he become less and less , until he be ... nothingness . the audience consist of parent , student , and local dignitary . we see several shocked face . lillian be there also , smile . seat next to she be a distinguished - look woman , alma style . Ernest sit on the other side of the auditorium , look a little worried . france I feel rather proud that I have find the truth myself , without help from anyone . it puzzle I that other people have not find out , too . God be go . we have reach past him . why could not they see it ? it still puzzle I . france close she notebook and look up , wait for some response . there be a deep shocked silence , then a smatter of applause . lillian clap enthusiastically , then rise to she foot . in the back a woman also stand . woman you be go straight to hell , france Farmer ! a stately man sit next to she , she husband judge benjamin hillier , put a restrain hand on she arm . the woman continue to glare at france . france stare back , dumbfounded . smash CUT to : ext . seattle street - day the screen erupt into violence . a large unruly mob skirmish with police in a cobblestone square . on a truckbed address the crowd -- which carry placard read : " organize now ! " , " worker of the World unite ! " , and " elect Kaminski ! " stand martoni kaminski . by he side , lead the crowd 's response , stand a young man with sharp pierce eye , harry york . kaminski and do you think it 's radical for a man to have a job and feed a family ? york &amp ; crowd no ! kaminski be it radical for you to have a hand in shaping you future , and the future of you child ? york &amp ; crowd no ! kaminski be it radical for the wealth of this country to be turn back to the people who build the country ? york &amp ; crowd no! no ! kaminski good ! because , Brothers , that 's you ! the crowd cheer . Harry York give Kaminski the thumb - up sign as a banner unfurl : " today Seattle -- tomorrow the World . " fade to black : fade in : a title come on screen : GOD be in he heaven and all' right with the world ? ' not so ! ' say young france farmer we realize we have be watch a newsreel . we see the school superintendent present france with a award . announcer Seattle be in the news again as a high school junior win a national competition and a hundred dollar prize with a essay deny God . City Hall step . judge hillier and other bigwig speak heatedly to reporter . announcer this prompt civic official to charge that leave -wing politician be encourage atheism in the city 's school . miss france Farmer be unavailable for comment , but she mother lillian -- lillian stand in front of she wood frame house address a small crowd of reporter , photographer , and curious neighbor . announcer Farmer , a well - know local dietician , step to she daughter 's defense . lillian ( emphatically ) france have not turn she back on the Lord , they be just have a momentary difference of opinion . what child have not question the Lord 's mystery in order to better understand they ? to paraphrase Mr. voltaire , I may not agree with what she say , but I will defend to the death she right to say it . freedom of speech , unlike in the dark country to the east , still life in America ! and in my home . among the audience in the cinema , we see france and she father . france slink down in she seat until she 's hide from sight . ext . suburban STREET ( seattle ) - day france carry library book and a small grocery bag . her hair and skin gleam in the sun . people in they yard stare at she as she pass . she walk on , come to a group of child slightly young than herself who be play in front of a union hall . a girl , emma , 13 , glance up . france hi Emma . Emma look away quickly , return to she play . france bye Emma . france shake she head as she walk on . man' voice hey ! france hesitates , then turn to look : a man in he twenty whom we recognize as Harry York , Kaminski 's compatriot , leave a group of man in front of the union hall and walk toward she . harry ( friendly ) c'mere . I wanna talk to you . france keep walk . Harry hurry after she . harry momma tell ya not to speak to stranger , huh ? ( reach she , grab she arm ) hey ! france do not touch I . harry I be not gonna hurt you . I just wanna talk . she stare at he . he 's get a newspaper wedge under one arm . france ( wait ) okay then ... harry well ... you be causin ' trouble , you know that ? france I be cause trouble ?! you be a pain in the butt ! you newshound have be after I and my folk ever since I win that dumb contest . I be just sixteen , you know ? who the hell care what I think ? harry not I . but other people seem to . france yeah . well if you do not put it in the papers -- nobody would even know about it . harry now wait a minute , sweetie . do I look like a newshound to you ? france ( examine he ) no ... actually , you look more like a cop . Harry laugh . harry that 's rich . hey , if I be a cop , I would be pack , right ? ( hold coat open ) you see a gun ? go on , search I . Pat I down . france hesitates , lean toward he as though about to frisk he . they eye meet , and she pull away , suddenly embarrassed . france I will ... take you word for it . so who be you , then ? harry Harry York . I work for martoni Kaminski , he 's run for Congress here . france ( smile &amp ; point to he ) oh yeah ! I see you in the newsreel ! harry ( embarrassed ) yeah , well -- france you know , my dad 's do some work for Kaminski ... harry now you be catchin ' on . do not wanna get you daddy in hot water , do you ? france whattaya mean ? harry well ... see the papers have get we peg as pinko , then you come along , the friendly neighborhood atheist -- france but I be not . the newspapers're -- harry right again . you be no more a atheist than my man 's a Red , but what they be doin' , see , they be addin ' up they version of you idea with they version of ours . could look bad for you daddy . france yeah . could look bad for you and Kaminski too , I guess . beat . harry sure do not talk like you be sixteen . france well be not you the smoothie . now you be go to ask for my number , I suppose . harry I suppose not . gotta ask you this , though : for all we sake , you better keep you trap shut . france well ... I will give it a try , Mr. York . harry Harry . france ( hesitates , nod ) Harry . they half - smile , awkwardly , as if neither really want this encounter to end . then Harry doff he hat . harry bye . she nod shyly and start up the path toward the house . harry ( admire she ) sure do not walk like sixteen , neither . int . courtroom - late afternoon close on judge hillier in he robe , identify by a nameplate on the bench . hillier this be perilous time . with the economic collapse come hopelessness and desperation ; and people turn to dangerous idea -- woman' voice I know . the camera pull slowly back . we see that the courtroom be empty . hillier that of we who represent law and order must be vigilant . who 's behind this , she mother ? now we see who he 's talk to : alma style , the woman who sit with lillian at the school auditorium . style impossible . as she attorney , I have know she for year . hillier what about the father , he 's a little pink . maybe he want to show we school in a bad light , shift some support to Kaminski and that jackal . style ( shaking she head ) he 's no influence ; he do not even live at home . no , I think france write that essay with no mischief intend . it be she teacher who enter it in the competition . hillier well , the publicity must stop . it 's no good for Seattle and no good for the country . ( sternly ) keep a eye on this , will you , alma ? style of course , you honor . he nod with satisfaction . two right -think people fight for what they believe in . int . farmer house - dine room - night Ernest Farmer sit alone , motionless , at the table . between two candle , face he , be france ' check for a hundred dollar . we hear bustle from behind the kitchen door , then lillian and france enter juggling several hot dish . Ernest rise . they set down the dish , france intentionally place the bread between the check and she father . ernest it always amaze I , lil , how you can whip up a hot , hearty meal out of thin air . lillian I can thank you for that . it be a hard - earn talent . she move the bread so Ernest again face the check . as lillian slice the bread , father and daughter eat grimly . lillian ( offer to Ernest ) bread ? ernest ( take a piece ) thank you . lillian when 's the last time you see a hundred dollar , Ernest Farmer ? france mama ... lillian ( push back she plate ) I be not hungry . you two just enjoy yourselves . after all , this be a celebration . she leave . a long silence . they both glance slightly awkwardly at the check . france take it , fold it , and put it in she pocket , out of sight . ernest I be ... I be really proud of you , france . france thanks , dad . ernest a essay contest ... a national contest . that 's pretty impressive . france I do not have much to do with it . ernest you write it , do not you ? france yeah , I suppose ... dad , who 's Harry York ? ernest well , Harry York be a guy who ... well , he do a lot of thing . why do you ask ? france he talk to I today . told I to keep my mouth shut or I would get everybody in trouble . ernest yeah ... well ... it 's possible . Harry York and I both work for Mr. Kaminski right now , and ... well ... there be lot of folk in this country who never get a square break . that 's the way of thing , but Mr. Kaminski want to change it , and when it come to new idea , the people in power get nervous . france be Kaminski a Communist ? ernest no , no , no . all he want to do be see the common man get a little representation . france he 's a socialist , then ? int . study - lillian - night sitting at a rolltop desk . she 's look through a large scrapbook . we see article about nutrition and diet , some feature lillian 's picture , other with she name in the head . she listen to the conversation in the other room . ernest ( v.o. ) the label 's not important , francie . what 's important be : this country 's get nine million unemployed and something 's gotta be do about it . besides : left-w , right - wing , up - wing , down -wing ... they do not mean much . all a label be usually be a way to call somebody a dirty name . lillian 's face become set . she look down at the book . a article title " girl deny God " be there , freshly paste . she lay a hand on the blank page opposite . france ( v.o. ) it 's already start , dad ... with I . ernest ( v.o. ) I know . int . dine room - night france and I can not understand how it can hurt to be honest , but the more I try to explain -- ( what I mean ) lillian appear in the doorway . lillian do not listen to he , little sister . when you be proud of what you be , you do not refuse the label , understand ? france yes , ma. lillian and you ... should be proud . you win that contest and make a name for yourself . she stomp out . france and Ernest push back they plate . ext . back garden - night lillian be water tomato in the dark and talk to they quietly . as Ernest approach , she sense he and grow silent . she speak without turn around . lillian you be poisoning that child 's mind . ernest I have a right to talk to she . she 's my daughter , and she 's beginning to understand why I have sacrifice so much in order to achieve ... lillian you have sacrifice ?! if you would practice law for decent folk instead of Communists and indigent -- ernest they need help , lil . they pay I back in other way . lillian how ? what do they do for you , Kaminski and he friend ? they be all anarchist ! traitors ! ernest ( sadly ) no , lil . it 's just you can not understand they brand of patriotism . lillian that 's right . I can not understand a man who put stranger over he family , a man who give up a good career to become a shiftless inkhorn failure . beat . ernest I be go back to the hotel . lillian good . ernest see you next weekend ? lillian as usual . everything as usual , Mr. Farmer . just give I my due . Ernest start back toward the house . he see france watch they and slow down , turn ... ernest lillian ... I be more than willing to meet you halfway . lillian do not make I sick . I would sooner drow myself in puget sound . ernest ( under he breath ) that 's a think , lil . that sure be a think . he trudge back toward the house under france ' eye . a woman' voice come from behind the fence . neighbor's voice be you all right , dear ? lillian I be fine , perfectly fine . omitted ext . front porch - night Ernest stand on the porch hold he little bag . france dad , please , do not leave early . just because of mama -- ernest francie , you will learn that sometimes it 's best to stay low and just walk away . he trudge out and down the walk . france watch he , shaking she head . that be not a lesson she want to learn . fade to black : omitted int . theatre lobby - night open night . Harry be read a playbill display in a theatre lobby : " 1934 spring production ... University of Washington player present : ' uncle vanya ' by Anton chekhov . " france be play Sonia . Harry turn and enter the theatre . omitted int . university theatre stage - night france on stage see from a distance . france what can we do , we must live ! we shall live , uncle vanya ... france be act with a nervous young man , chet . as she speech progress , the camera move in nearer and nearer , end with a close -up . it be as if we be be draw in by she emotion . france and then we shall rest , we shall rest . we shall hear the angel , we shall see the whole sky all diamond , we shall see how all earthly evil , all we suffering , be drown in the mercy that will fill the whole world . and we life will grow peaceful , tender , sweet as a caress ... ( wipe away tear ) poor , dear uncle vanya , you be cry ... ( through she tear ) in you life you have not know what joy be ; but wait , uncle vanya , wait ... we shall rest ... ( embrace he ) we shall rest ! curtain close . audience burst into applause . as the curtain open and the player take they bow , we see in the audience : lillian and Ernest , lillian clap madly , cry , nudging Ernest to clap harder . and in the back stand Harry York . harry ( to himself ) not bad , Farmer . not half bad . int . university reading room - night a celebration in progress . mask of Comedy and tragedy hang on the wall . drama student lounge about : eat , drink , talk noisily . Bing crosby be on the record player , sing " I have get the World on a string . " the Drama teacher be hold court to a group of attentive student . drama teacher Art be a constant struggle . some of you have the will but not the ability . for other , the opposite . I do not wish to be harsh , but only one of you on stage tonight combine the two ... the front door open . france and Chet enter . drama teacher on cue . the young man rush over to congratulate she . france take a mock bow . she laugh as people cheer . two girl observe from the back . girl # 1 I could really learn to hate she . girl # 2 stand in line . int . university reading room - several hour later thing have quiete down . the Drama teacher have cornere france and be gesticulate drunkenly , wave a copy of " Voice of action . " france be also tipsy , but pay close attention to she mentor . drama teacher this be the answer : a subscription drive to " Voice of action ! " first prize be a trip to Moscow ! you could visit the art theatre , maybe even meet stanislavski ! france but I will never win that . drama teacher yes , yes , it 's all arrange . everyone 's collect subscription in you name . and the best part be : the trip return you to New York . france ( intrigue ) really ? drama teacher New York , france ! Broadway ! this be you chance ! you belong on the stage ! france ( flatter / embarrassed ) thank you . a door open quietly and Harry slip in . he smile at france , who disentangle herself from she teacher and rush over . france hi , Harry . do you see the play ? harry you think I would miss it ? france well ? what would you think ? harry ( shrug ) I just want to see how you look . france how would I look ? harry ( teasing ) enh . france ( smile ) do not be a rat , Harry . harry you look okay . ( glance around ) Joint 's pretty dead . how ' bout I take you home ? she hesitates , look around and see Chet pass out , snore in a chair . she take Harry 's arm . ext . west point beach - night the beach be very dark , but the sweep of the lighthouse pick up a old chevrolet park near the shore . france ( v.o. ) you really think so ? int . chevrolet - night france and Harry be sit in the back seat . harry honest . when you be up there , you be really ... there , know what I mean ? everyone else look stupid . france I do not know ... I do ... feel different ... alive . harry yeah , it 's a gift . you gotta do something with it . france yeah , but if I win this trip , mama will kill I . she hate Russians . I do want to go , though ... to New York , especially ... but I want to do it ... harry what ? france quietly . harry you be not the quiet type , france . they be silent for a while . harry you know , my old man be a inventor . spend he whole life down in the basement try to design transcontinental underground railroad , stuff like that . well , I be suppose to be he partner . when I tell he the smell of he workshop make I sick , I think he be go to die right there . france what happen to he ? harry he retire to Florida ... make a kill in vend machine . he grin ironically and france laugh . harry I kick myself sometimes , but the thing be , I would have be miserable live he life . france ... so you think I should go . harry sure . try this act thing . you can make good money at it . france I do not know , Harry . I ... I want so many ... harry you do not know what you want . france yeah . she look at he , smile wistfully . france not in the long run , anyway . she start to unbutton she blouse . Harry be pleasantly surprised , but unnerve . harry france ... france what ? harry well ... do not you think it 's up to I to ... france come on , Harry . this be America , land of the free . ( whisper ) I think we might go skinny dip . ( pregnant pause ... smile ... ) for starter . Harry can not believe he good fortune . int . farmer house - day lillian 's face , distort . lillian Communists ?! no daughter of mine be go to Communist Russia ! lillian be in she apron , can peach . france you act like I be a bomb-thrower , mama . it 's just a trip . she leave . lillian follow she down the narrow -- almost institutional -- hallway . lillian but they be use you ! france oh ma , they be not use I . it 's just a chance to travel , see thing . besides , it 's the only way I can get to New York . they have reach france ' room . she put on she coat . lillian I will pay you way to New York . I will work , I will slave . I will sell my vegetable to the truck farmer , or -- france ( sigh ) oh , mama , do not you understand ? she stare out the window . we see Ernest mow the lawn . france I have to do this on my own . you see , I have learn you lesson very well . to do what I think be right and everyone else be damned . france turn and head back down the hall . lillian follow . lillian I never teach you that ! france keep walk . lillian Little sister , if you do not wise up soon , it 's go to be out of my hand ! they have reach the kitchen . Ernest be there , sweat , drink water . france it be not in you hand , mama . it 's my life . lillian yes , but important people be concerned about this . judge hillier speak to alma style -- france I do not care . lillian ( grimace ) ... you will . she storm outside . france sigh , look at she father . france what do I do , dad ? ernest you really want to go ? france of course . ernest and you think it 's worth all this ? france if I do not , I would not put you through it . ernest ... then go . ext . seattle bus station - day lillian have a few reporter draw off to one side . alma style and a minister stand nearby . a crowd have gather . Inside the station , more reporter be milling around france . lillian ( almost conspiratorial ) the authority tell I there 's no legal way I can stop she , but the way I see it , it 's bigger than I or my family ... ( the follow be hear faintly as b.g. to the scene below ) american integrity , that 's what 's at stake here . they be send my daughter to the heartland of darkness . . . the dark force that would overthrow we country . you country . my country . int . bus station - france and reporter - day Ernest and the Drama teacher stand at france ' side . reporter # 1 have you earlier denial of God lead you to communism ? france I be not a Communist . reporter # 2 but france , you say -- france I say all country be of cultural interest . besides , Russia have the great theatre company in the world . reporter # 2 better than any american company ? reporter # 1 what do you think of stalin ? france not much . ask I about stanislavski . reporter # 2 who ? lillian ( suddenly frantic , loud ) help I save my daughter ! save the child of America . a tall spectral man dress in black add : tall spectral man repent , france , repent ! crowd repent ! repent ! they cry seem weird , almost derange , and lillian be take aback . ext . bus station - day passenger climb onto the bus . as france be hugge by she Drama teacher , the tall spectral man approach she . in he arm he carry a pot plant , a Bible , and a flashlight . tall spectral man bless you , sister , bless you . ( dignify , as though conduct some bizarre ceremony ) here be a Bible for solace ... and this plant to remind you of the eternal seed in all of we ... and finally , a flashlight to illuminate you path through darkest Russia . france accept the gift , bewilder . the tall spectral man stare at she through hollow eye . she stagger on toward the bus , look like a bedraggle statue of Liberty . the tall spectral man sing a ethereal hymn . lillian block france ' path . france look at she tearfully . france I love you , mama . ( turn to she father ) I love you , dad . ernest ( hugging she ) be careful , francie . as france climb on board . lillian france , I be warning you . I be gonna throw myself beneath the wheel . I will do it , france . france ! Inside the bus , france stare out the window and shake she head sadly . the bus start . everyone look at lillian . she be motionless ... furious . france sigh , and the bus move off unimpeded . there be a homicidal rage in lillian 's eye as she stare after the vehicle . then the Reporters rush toward she . first reporter what do you say now , Mrs. Farmer ? she look down , she lip quivering . humiliate , crumble ... as the reporter shout unanswer question , Ernest put he arm around he wife and lead she away . fade to black : fade in : int . farmer study - day lillian be happily thumbing through she scrapbook . her hand run down the page , and we see a series of headline , with photo : mother unable to halt girl trip to russia ( photo lillian &amp ; france ) then : mother warn against reds in school ( photo lillian ) next be a snapshot of france on board on ocean liner . then two snapshot of she in what be clearly Moscow . she wear a Russian hat . the kremlin stand behind she . then snapshot of she in New York , with a small clipping from the " New York Times " : visit Moscow Art theatre ... young actress return from russia , aspire to the broadway stage below this be a magazine advertisement show france in a glossy chesterfield ad . her hair be sweep up off she head , and she look glamorous , artificial , very different from how we have see she . lillian take up the paste brush and liberally swab the opposite -- blank -- page of she scrapbook . a handwritten letter from france lie beside she . she remove a clipping from the letter and spread it out . the clipping say : " star of tomorrow " and show a semi-circle of girl 's face inside garish star . lillian circle france ' photo and sit back to admire it . ext . hollywood - day we see the Hollywood sign in the distance ... then change focus to see the front of the studio ... int . photography studio - hollywood - day france ' hair be tightly curl . she be dress in a grotesquely ruffle white gown and seat on a small stool . behind she two assistant fuss with bunch of white carnation hang on a grid . a seasoned publicist kneel nearby and a woman with a coffee cup , claire , survey the scene . photographer ( o.s. ) one more time . france stare dramatically off into space . publicist hobby ? the camera click . france oh , I swim some ... play the piano badly ... and I read like a fiend : I like history . publicist no , no , people do not want that . now listen : you spend lot of time at the beach . you be crazy about dance . and you be the kind of girl who 's just a little in love with love . get it ? now try again ? hobby ? france look , I ... publicist ( write in notepad ) Beach ... dance ... in love with love . france ( ironically ) that 's I . the camera click again . mr. bebe -- a tall , brood , well - dress man -- enter . claire good morning , Mr. bebe ! bebe who 's this ? claire france Farmer , contract player , six - month option . bebe ( a assessment ) okay . good tit . can not we show they off a little more ? claire I guess so , sir . bebe ( nod , stare again at france ) very fine bone structure . he leave . Claire stare after he with profound contempt . publicist ( come up to Claire ) not much to work with . how 's this : ( read ) ' the most interesting thing about france Farmer be that she road to Hollywood be 12,000 mile long . after win a beauty contest , the first prize of which be a trip to Europe ... ' she make some deal with the commy and go to Moscow , but I be not go to say that , be I ? claire heavens no . go on . publicist um ... ' miss Farmer return to New York City and have a brief fling with the Broadway stage before come west to seek stardom . ' claire ' brief fling ? ' publicist well , actually she could not get hire , but lucky for she , some guy in we New York office see she . she say soon as she get a stake , she 's go back . Claire roll she eye . she 's hear this before . the camera click again . france be freeze in time . int . studio acting CLASS - day two student be do a scene from " Design for live . " other sit around watch , whisper , flirt , sleep ... but france be pay very close attention , make note . the man next to she rub she arm and whisper something . she grimace and pay no attention . then she notice , two row in front , a young handsome student , dick , who 's also make note . she stare at he for a second , then back at the stage . ext . laurel canyon cottage - day a tiny rustic cottage , dog everywhere . two identical old ford be park out front . int . cottage - day france sit on the couch talk on the phone . france do you get the check ?... oh my God , it open ?! , what would you think ? Water land on she face . she grimace playfully . france well , I hope I get bigger part , they do not come much smaller . the last line be garble as water stream in she mouth . she fumble for something on the floor . france no , I be fine . I just have water in my mouth . she find a water pistol on the floor , pick up the phone , and start search for she assailant . france no , mama , I be not change my name . they can not actually make you , you know ? most people do not realize that . ( playfully , cover receiver ) oh Dick ... she fling open the bathroom door and find he : Dick from drama class . a furious water battle ensue . france no , no , nothing 's go on . ( fast ) I love you too , mama . give my love to dad . bye ! she hang up , lower she gun as Dick squirt she . she 's get wet . her shirt cling to she breast . she like it . france okay , handsome . you win . int . hollywood screening room on the small screen we see france in the arm of a man in FIRE chief' hat . france kurt ! FIRE chief oh , Angela ! go with this trapper ! they will lead you safely down the mountain ... france but , kurt , I ... FIRE chief no , no argument . be my good girl and go . there 's a forest , a burn forest , and you know what I have to do ! france oh , kurt ! FIRE chief oh Angela , my own ... Angela ! on screen the corner of france ' mouth begin to tremble , but she eye remain wide and innocent . the Fire Chief slowly incline he head toward hers . the brim of he hat hit she forehead . france cover she face with she hand and burst out laugh . the Fire Chief look stunne . she try to control herself . france I be sorry ... ( look into camera ) I be sorry , let 's go back . laughter inside the screen room . a small light flick on , and from behind we dimly see two men . man # 1 ( irate ) what the hell be that ? what 's she do ? laughing man that 's talent , Andy . man # 1 ( after a beat ) oh. ext . catwalk - day france smile and ease shut the screen room door . we hear the laugh man inside shout : " let 's see that again ! " france put a cigarette in she mouth and fish for a match . a man 's hand appear , hold a lighter . she look up : it 's Harry , wear a garish Hawaiian shirt and a Panama hat . france Harry ! harry-god-damn -york ! a real person ! france throw she arm around he . they hug warmly . harry how ya doin ' , Farmer ? france me? look at you ! what be you do in Hollywood ? harry come to get a tan . they compare forearm . france not bad . but come on , Harry ; what 's the real reason ? harry ( stare out ) Kaminski . france yeah , I read about that . terrible business , suicide . harry since when do you believe the papers ? they kill he , kid . france what ? harry they kill he . they throw he out that window . france oh no ... harry eight storey . she stare down two storey to the ground , imagine : france Jesus . harry ( also stare down ) yup . poor bastard lay there on the sidewalk and he could not die . too god damn much heart . he just do not want to die . france ( walk on ) but ... but why , Harry ...? why would they do it ? harry ( shrug ) he would not play ball . what can I tell ya ... it 's do . ( brighten ) anyway , I do not want to be next , so I skip town ; come down here to work for some big-wig . tail and nail job . ( confidentially ) I be sort of a non-gentleman 's non - gentleman . ( turn around , display he shirt ) how d'ya like the camouflage ? france you jackass ! ( push he down the stair ) c'mon , let 's get out of here . ext . studio lot - day Harry and france walk arm in arm . france not bad . it be slow at first , but I be do bit now . harry I always tell ya , france . you get real ability . france ( smile ) I know what ability you be interested in . harry hey , I be a man , be not I ? whattaya say we have dinner , then maybe head out to the beach , rub some of this tan off each other . ( off she sober expression ) for old time 's sake . france ( serious ) Harry ... I meet someone . harry ( stiffen slightly ) yeah ? what be he -- muscleman ? lifeguard ? france shake she head . harry actor ? she nod . harry good . then it 's temporary . ( whisper ) all actor be phony . he 's joke , but she do not respond . harry serious , huh ? france yeah . harry hey that 's great , Farmer , just great . she smile wistfully , see he cover up he disappointment . she squeeze he arm and they continue walk . int . SOUND stage - set ( rhythm on the range ) - day light be adjust , camera set , actor walk through they block . in the midst of this we see france , dress in western attire , make a point to the wardrobe mistress , who be listen without enthusiasm . france ( spread she arm ) this crease ... I look like I just come from the laundry ! I be suppose to be hide out in boxcar , sleep on floor . wardrobe mistress ( cool ) this be the suit we fitte on you , miss Farmer . france ( friendly ) oh , I know that . but it could look more realistic , do not you think ? wardrobe mistress ( look she over ) it will do . no one will notice . france I will notice . we hear a man conspicuously clear he throat . both woman turn as Mr. bebe step forward . wardrobe mistress oh , Mr. bebe , good morning . he nod imperceptibly . bebe come along with I , fanny . she hesitates , then go . france that 's france . I be not the cookbook . bebe ( lead she off ) you see : we have get to change that name . ext . studio lot - day france and bebe come through the sound stage door into the light . he gesture to indicate what direction they be go , but remain silent , watch she . she 's uncomfortable , blink like a bird . bebe I like you look . you have the classical bone structure of the very great beauty ... garbo , Dietrich -- france thank you -- bebe I intend to make a great deal of money off you . france be take aback . this be all rather blunt . bebe since we have you on a seven year contract , I be plan long - range . I be go to loan you out to Sam goldwyn to make a picture call " come and get it . " france really ? that 's a very good book . it would make a terrific -- bebe never mind that . I be concerned about you . you attitude . they hear a ruckus in the distance and turn and look : picketer be fight with police . it be raucous , brutal . bebe turn back to she with a stern look : bebe Society be fall apart , miss Farmer , and people have to buckle down , do they job . you see , I view myself as the Henry Ford of motion picture industry , and I can not have the fellow who put on the wheel argue with the man who install head - light , now can I ? france but I be concerned with everything , Mr. bebe . bebe ( fierce but very mute ) no , I be concerned with everything . france but I be the one up there on the screen . bebe that 's right . you be a actress , miss Farmer and you job be to act . she 's about to reply , but he quickly take she hand and raise it to he lip . kiss it very formally , like a suitor . then turn and walk into the sumptuous executive office building . she watch he go . fade out : omitted fade in : ext . theatre marquee - night brightly color bulb flash , cause the wisp of fog around they to glow . the bulb spell : " come and get it " with seattle's own france farmer a noisy crowd be gather outside the theatre , strain against velvet cordon . Big black limo disgorge couple in formal evening wear , to the applause of the crowd . all slightly small - town , off -key . Harry , now sport a mustache , hat pull down over he face , stand across the street . harry ( puffing he cigarette ) not bad , Farmer . ext . street - night two limousine streaking through the night . int . second limousine - night france sit next to a faceless studio executive . she 's all dolled up . she look uncomfortable . silence . she glance up at the limo ahead of they . int . first limousine - night Dick sit between lillian and Ernest a reporter and photographer crouch in front of they . lillian I guess it 's no secret that I be proud . only twenty - one year old , and look at all she 's do . ( confidentially ) as for she look , I flatter myself that she get they from I . dick obviously . he wink at the reporter . lillian and not only have france come home a star ; she 's also bring I this big handsome lug of a son-in - law ! reporter Mr. Farmer , what be you reaction when france tell you she have marry ... dick dwayne . dwayne steele . ernest what ...? oh . well , I be pleased , of course . Richard ... uh , dwayne , be a real gentleman . Dick smile and hug they both . dick well , all I can say be : I feel like I have know this two for year ! lillian ( girlishly ) oh , dwayne ! ( overcome ) this be like a fairy tale ! they be stop at a light . outside they window we see derelict , casualty of the depression , huddle in the night . int . france ' limo - night she 's stare at the derelict . we feel she sympathy for they . almost like she would rather be out there . a man with hollow eye shout something at they . france what would he say ? she roll down she window . the Studio executive beside she look at she like she 's crazy . studio executive ( to Driver ) let 's go . we will be late . the limousine lurch forward . france settles back in she seat , let the night air sweep over she face . ext . theatre - night the two limo pull up , the second empty first . as france get out , the crowd cheer wildly . she walk past they , eye glaze . she do not see Harry , who be hold back by cordon . lillian be pose and signing autograph . in she tight , formal dress , france look radiant but constrict . as she walk , voice assault she : lillian there she be ! reporter # 1 ( o.s. ) how do it feel to be back in Seattle , france ? france a little strange . women' voice be not she gorgeous ? studio executive ( o.s. ) this way . reporter # 2 ( o.s. ) how 's the movie , france ? france it 's okay . lillian ( o.s. ) smile , little sister , smile . france see she mother smile nervously . they have enter the : int . lobby - night again there be a cordon area in the center where Seattle luminary be sip champagne . reporter # 1 lurch forward : reporter # 1 can you make some statement about Seattle , how the city help you , or the school -- france well , the truth be the city have nothing to do with it . I be lucky . and what be not luck be hard work . reporter # 1 ( disappointed ) oh. judge hillier 's wife , whom we recognize as the woman who shout at france in the auditorium , step forward in a garish gown . she 's hold a large key . judge hillier' wife miss Farmer , I can not tell you how proud I be to meet you . she embrace and kiss france , who 's more than a little put off . after the kiss , she take firm hold of france ' hand and will not let go . judge hillier step to he wife 's side . lillian also approach . judge hillier' wife on behalf of the Seattle lady Club , as a token of we vast admiration -- france Excuse I . judge hillier' wife ( startle ) yes ...? france do not I know you ? judge hillier' wife I do not believe so . france sure . you shout at I in the auditorium when I read my essay . judge hillier' wife no , my dear . you must be mistaken . france ( barely audible ) oh bullshit . judge hillier I beg you pardon ? france ( to the dignitary ) listen , I be still the same girl that write that essay , the same girl who go to Russia , and you people be not proud to meet I at all . a hideous silence . judge hillier be fume . his wife be aghast , the key to the city extend awkwardly in front of she . she shove it into france ' arm . france move to leave , but she arm be take by the Studio executive , who escort she into the theatre . the crowd follow . lillian be utterly mortify . ext . theatre - night we track along the side of the theatre . a exit door be throw open , and france storm out . as she do , she trip over a old indian beggar . she stop and look at he . he peer up at she with large forlorn eye ... then hold out he hand . a connection be make . all the anger drain out of she . she give he money , several bill . he break into a wonderful crooked grin . she start away , hesitates , then hand he the key to the city . he stare at it , bewilder . she stride away toward she limousine , which be now park with several other at the end of the alley . the chauffeur be talk and smoking a cigarette . her chauffeur see she and hurry to he limo . as it pull into the street , we see Harry drift back to the curb and stare after it . omitted ext . west point beach - night france sit on the old wood jetty stare out at the water , the lighthouse ... Harry approach . harry ... it 's one thing to marry the guy , but do you have to sleep with he ? she crack up . Harry laugh at he mistake . harry shit . I mean the other way around . france ( still laugh ) well , the studio tell I not to . harry be that why you do it ? france who ever think they would be right for once ? Jesus , Harry ... it 's a zoo back there -- harry you be tell I . france Dick ... and my mother ! she act like she 's on Mars or something -- harry well , she 's back to earth now . they be all pretty huffed up about you leave . I think you better go back , kid . france forget it . he look at she thoughtfully , then sit . france you know , the funny thing be : it 's not a great movie . I mean it could have be , but they screw it up , give it a happy end . and all my friend , I know they be go to smile and say they love it . harry if they say they love it , they will probably love it . not everybody lie , you know ? france ( warmly , to he ) no , they do not , do they ? beat . harry france , you be a movie star now . if you give they what they want , you can get anything . france I do not have what they want , Harry . ( stare at the water ) Harry , will you tell I something ? how can I keep make movie when people in the street be starve ? harry some people starve , kid . until we can do something about it , they might as well see a movie . make them feel better . france but I do not want to be like that . I want to do something ... ( important ) harry what be you gonna do , waste you talent ? why not use it to make something worthwhile . you can do that , you know ? france ( laugh ) yeah , if I do not make too big a ass of myself . they start to walk now along the beach . we see Harry 's car and the chauffeure limousine park above . harry tell you what . let 's ditch the limo . let I drive you up to that red carpet in my beat up chevy . france the hell you will , Harry York . harry come on , cinderella , you pumpkin await . she shake she head mischievously ... move backward unbuttone she coat . france ( like a clock strike ) bong ... bong ... bong ... the coat fall . harry do not start , Farmer . france ( drop she scarf ) it 's midnight , Harry . my glitter raiment be dissolve . harry ( nervously ) the chauffeur . he 's watch . france he deserve a show . he miss the movie . harry I be serious , france . this be important . france ( kick off a shoe ) I know . she kick off another shoe , sailing it into the water . france be zipping off she dress . Harry bend to pick up the first shoe . france a single glass slipper leave glitter on the pearly sand . who be that girl , anyway ? Harry watch she , mesmerize . the dress be off . france ' come and get it , ' Harry . she skip off down the beach , she dress strewn on the sand . after a moment , from the darkness , we see she underclothes fly into view . Harry can restrain himself no longer . harry ( excited ) hot damn ! he drop the shoe and run after she , tear off he clothes . after a moment , from the darkness , we hear she squeal of laughter . ext . studio - hollywood - day the street outside the Studio Main Gate . actor , director , etc. arrive in they shiny expensive auto . among they be france in she old batter Ford . she wave to the Guard and drive through . ext . studio lot - day as france pull into she parking space , Claire , the woman from the photo session , stroll up . claire hi france , get a minute ? france sure , Claire . if you do not mind walk my way . they walk toward the dress room . claire ( nervous ) well , I suppose I should just say it . it 's you clothes . france ( bewilder ) my clothes ? claire yeah , I mean slack ... and work clothes ... and that awful car -- france it 's a perfectly good car . it run . claire yes , but ... really , I hate to sound ... it 's just that the public expect something different from its star . people will not take you seriously . france I do not care if my clothes be take seriously . or my car . claire you know what I mean . france uh-huh . you mean what if the public find out I perspire ? and wear slack . and drive a old jalopy ? what if they find out I be a real person . oh no ! say it be not so ! not a real person ! Claire be laugh . they go inside . int . france ' dressing room - day posh , fit for a star . france smile at the makeup man . france Morning , Eddie . as france sit at the table and Eddie go to work : claire that 's not all , france . Mr. bebe be very concerned about you politics . he hear you have be donate money , speak at rally . france yup. Claire ... please , please tell Mr. bebe that if he worried half as much about he script as he do about my private life , we would make a lot better movie . claire I be sorry , france . it 's my job , you know ? france I know . ( imitate bebe ) ' this be a factory and we each have we job . the writer write , the director direct , and the actress ... ' claire ( laugh ) ... act . I will relay you message . int . france and dick cottage - night Dick be talk on the phone in the live room . dick yes , of course she will make a statement on woman 's rights . call back tomorrow , okay ? he hang up . immediately the phone ring again . he stare at it wearily , then answer : dick ( pointedly ) dwayne steele 's residence . through the half - open door to the bedroom we see france doze , a open script laid out beside she . dick yes. ( confuse ) what ...? ( hurt ) yes . yes , I will tell she . he hang up . stare off . slowly enter the bedroom . france look up . dick you learn you line ? france ( nod drowsily ) sort of . dick there have be some call . france who ? dick well ... about half a hour ago that woman from the talent department call , what 's she name ? france Claire ? dick yeah , Claire . she say she be fire . too bad , huh ? france ( apprehensively ) fire ? dick yeah . she say she deliver you message and that you would understand . france look stricken . Dick press on . dick there be another call too . from you agent . he say you summer stock deal be all set . so you be go back east , huh ? france ... yes . dick without I . france ( sighing ) showdown . dick you be not go to tell I , be you ? just pack up and leave , be that it ? france Dick , we need some time apart -- dick hey , I be not a complete fool , you know . I can see you be go sour on I , and when I try to do something about it , you turn you back and say it 's nothing . france Dick , I can not even breathe here ... dick dwayne ! I be dwayne now ! and you damn well better get use to it ! france ( softly , remember ) Dick ... dick I do not suppose it occur to you that I might want to leave too , that I might want to do theatre ? no , ' cause you do not want I along , do you ? and the reason have nothing to do with summer stock . france no ? dick no . it 's all about that night , be not it ? france ( bewilder ) what night ? dick the premiere . I never press you about it but god damn it , you be gonna tell I right here and right now what happen and where the hell you be ! france ( quietly ) you want he name ? Dick be crumble inside . dick what ...? we watch it sink in . confusion ... self -pity ... building gradually to resentment and rage . he start to throw a tantrum . hurling thing around the room . france just sit there . france my God ... I think you be overplay this a bit ...? he hurl a pillow against the wall and rush out . france look after he , then turn . she 's now face the bureau . france Goodbye , Dick . a mirror sit on top of the bureau . she look into it . do not like she expression . turn the mirror away . fade out : omitted fade in : int . theatre lobby - night a playbill in a theatre lobby read : " mt. kisco playhouse , 1937 summer season : ' the petrified forest ' . " among the name list be : " france Farmer , the ' come and get it ' girl . suddenly we hear a eruption of applause . int . theatre - audience - night tight shot on two man : harold clurman -- a thoughtful aristocratic man -- and clifford odet , who be taller , slimmer , with black hair and intense dark eye . around they we see ( mostly hear ) the audience go crazy , leaping to its foot , yell " bravo ! bravo ! " clurman and odet sit impassively . as the hurrah die down and the audience file out , the two man sit there . finally clurman turn to odet . odet nod very slightly . int . dressing room - night france sit in the cramped room , listen intently to clurman . occasionally she sneak a glance at odet , who be pace like some cage beast . clurman the Group be more than a theatre company . it 's the embodiment of a ideal . we approach allow the actor to be a artist in the fullest sense , a creative individual and a instrument of change . you see -- france ( watch odet ) really , Mr. clurman , you do not have to sell I . clurman forgive my indulgence . seem we always lecture that who be on time for that who be tardy . the point be , Mr. odet here have write a wonderful play . most of the role be cast , but we have not find we female lead ... france who be she ? odet she 's a tramp from Newark . clurman forgive I , but I think you would be perfect for the part . odet be pace furiously , seize they attention . he stop , look at she , then resume . odet miss Farmer , for I this be not a play : it 's a assault ... a seduction ... a plea for understanding . I think we live in a time when new art work should shoot bullet ... and you make very attractive ammunition . he stop . tentatively , almost boyishly , he smile . she return it . she 's charme . france and what 's the title of this seduc ... assault ? odet ( mysterious , intimate ) ' Golden Boy . ' ext . belasco theatre marquee - night it read " Golden Boy " . crowd of people stream out of the lobby . a sign over the box office read : " tomorrow 's performance sell out . " odet sit on the curb . behind he the light in the theatre lobby flicker off . pedestrian stroll by : a odd mix of affluent theatre crowd and 1930s bum . france emerge from the theatre , see he sit there . sit beside he . france hi. he nod . france you want to talk ? another nod . he 's silent . he peer up the street . a girl , 16 , sell pencil catch he eye . odet you see that girl ? she look like a waif : tough , vulnerable , plead with a wealthy couple , follow they down the street . a drama be play out in the distance , out of earshot . odet that 's who my play be about . france watch the girl . france that 's I , clifford . odet ( strong ) I know , but I be not see it . it 's there , france , the fire be there , but it 's not come through . you be lazy -- int . working CLASS bar - later the same conversation continue : france I be not ! odet yes , you win they , you bring they into you heart , touch they , but you do not set they on fire ! france but I want to . I be try ! odet I need a incendiary ! a arsonist ! france then show I ! that 's what I be here for , to learn , to grow ! odet good . then it 's very simple . you have to stop be afraid , france . it 's in you . ext . platform - spanish embassy - day clurman be deliver a speech in the background as photographer snap picture . behind they on the platform france and odet continue they conversation in whisper : odet I can see it . you just have to let it out . trust it . no one will quash you here , but it 's still a fight , a struggle ! be true to you art , be honest , be always a struggle ! we now hear clurman 's speech . the initial word below be background to the above . what we hear now be underline : clurman ... not only a artist , but a instrument of change . we must look to the world around we , not content to observe , but to take a active hand in redress its wrong . we will not stand idly by as fascist bomb obliterate democracy . we contribute we profit , for if fascism be not stop in Spain , it will spread across Europe , jeopardize the struggle of civilized man to survive . ( present check to spanish consul ) the artist , to be vital , must be a soldier too . france I be not afraid of struggle , clifford . clifford yes you be . we all be . the first step be to acknowledge we fear . ext . new york CITY street - night they be walk . the conversation continue . clifford face it ! confess it ! you be weak ! france I be not ! clifford you be afraid ! france I be not ! clifford you do not want to show you whole soul -- ugly , mis-shapen , and pitiful -- you do not want to show it -- france ( angry ) God damn it , clifford , will you shut up ! I tell you , I want to give this thing ! I want to give they to the audience , and I can give they , I will give they , so shut up ! she be seethe . gorgeous . alive . he smile , watch she . clifford good , good . give they that . france what ? as she feel the anger coursing through she body she realize what he 's talk about . she look at he , still breathe heavily . gradually she face turn toward a smile . he reach out and , with exquisite tenderness , kiss she . int . odet ' apartment - night later . they enter slightly drunk , laugh . he take she coat . clifford madam ...? france thank you . she 's look at the apartment . he see she . a dark think flicker across he face , and he break into a exaggerated act : clifford oh my God ! france , I be such a cad . I can not go through with this . my wife be in Europe , but this be she house ... ( gesture off ) she bedroom . I can not ask you to ... france ( play along ) oh well . I guess I better leave then . she start to put on she coat . he watch she . clifford okay , but come here first . france huh . clifford ( lead she down hall ) come here . I want to show you something . he open the bedroom door . int . bedroom - night the bed be draw back , and the sheet be sprinkle with rise petal . france ' eye be large . the kiss be very hungry now . int . bebe' panelled office - hollywood - day bebe 's huge desk . variety headline : " actress fight fascism ! " next to the newspaper be a dozen pencil which bebe be lining up precisely parallel . his expression be totally obsessive , craze . behind he a woman ( tora ) be cut he hair . a studio lawyer pace nearby . lawyer and on top of she political activity , now she 's get a lawyer . she want out of she contract , Mr. bebe . she say she 's through with motion picture . bebe ( mutter ) I be sure it be not I , it be not I ... lawyer Excuse I , sir ? bebe I do not know who she fuck to get where she be , but I do not think it be I . tora be massage the back of bebe 's neck . he 's oblivious . lawyer ( startle ) well ... you could always dump she , Mr. bebe . teach she a lesson . there be a million beautiful girl out there who do not give a damn about politics . bebe that 's not the point . france Farmer have the world by the tit because of this studio , and now she think she can waltz off without a thank you . no . no , that young lady have a contract , and she 's go to honor it . lawyer oh . I mean , good . bebe I think it 's time to take the glove off . ( scowl , speak into intercom ) get I some reporter . ( afterthought ) particularly louella parson ! during this conversation , bebe have be draw on the variety . we now see he work . beneath the headline be a photo of france , on whom bebe have draw a mustache . CUT to : omitted ext . belasco theatre - night the marquee for " Golden Boy " read " held over " . usher be open the glass door from the empty lobby onto the street . we hear thunderous applause from the inside . ext . backstage door - alley - night france emerge from the stage door to a throng of autograph seeker . she smile tiredly , but good - naturedly comply . a little way back stand a boyish young man hold a single red carnation . when the autograph -seeker be satisfied and all but a few have trail away , the Young man step forward . young man miss Farmer ... I have never do this before ... but ... I have to tell ya ' you be great ! he shyly hand she the flower . france thank you very much . I be glad you like the play . she smile and begin to walk away . the Young man follow she . young man I be really sad it 's close . now what be I gonna do on Tuesday night ? france you can always come see it in London . young man only if you be in it . be you ? france I would not miss it . young man Boy , I would love to ... but I be go to Hollywood . france ( smile ) be you a actor ? young man Hell yes !... well , okay , I be still in school . but as soon as I graduate ... California , here I come ! france ( after a pause ) be you really serious ? about act ? young man why ... yes . france then do not go to Hollywood . young man why ? france I be tell you straight , if you have any serious ambition , stay clear of the place . it will crush you . young man you sound as if you hate it . france no , I do not hate it . again she walk on . he follow . young man be not you ever go back ? france ... not if I can help it . young man gosh ! you will break a lot of heart . france they will mend . young man ( after a pause ) what about you husband ? france stop walk , she eye shoot to the Young man 's face . france what ? young man will you be get back together ? when you quit Hollywood , I mean . france what be this ? the Young man suddenly seem much older , and there be no sign of the awkward boyishness . young man be it true you be get a divorce ? comrade ? france why , you ... you little bastard ! the Young man grin . young man thanks for we chat , miss Farmer . be see you . he begin to walk away . france just one minute ... young man ( turn ) you be waste you time , lady . nothing 's off the record with I . he be go . omitted int . working CLASS bar - night odet sit at a table in back , drink and write in a notebook . france come up to he . he smile , draw she to he for a hug . odet how would it go ? she hesitates , still affect by the incident outside the theatre . france ' but how do I know you love I ? ' odet you big speech ? france ' how do I know it 's true ? you will get to be the champ . they will all want you , all the girl ! but I do not care . I have be undersea a long time . when they would put they hand on I I use to say , " this be not it ! this be not what I mean ! " it 's be a mysterious world for I ! but Joe , I think you be it ! I do not know why , I think you be it . take I home with you . ' odet ( smile ) I already have . she nod , turn she back to he . france how 's it sound ? odet the speech ? Real good . france you think I get it ? odet you get it . france yeah . yeah , tonight I think I get it . she be cry . omitted int . odet ' apartment - day france come in the front door with a bag of grocery , remove she key . walk into the live room , stop short . clurman be sit on the couch , a bottle and two glass in front of he . france hello , harold . clurman ( nodd ) france . france ( look around ) where 's clifford ? clurman he 's not here . france oh. she sit . clurman bourbon ? he pour . she drink hers , watch he . france what 's up ? clurman I hear you be meeting with the studio lawyer to get out of you contract . france that 's right . I do not want they breathe down my neck while we be in London . clurman well ... well , you see , that 's the point . you will not be open in London . france look like she 's be punch in the stomach . france ( insecure ) you do not think I be good enough ? clurman what ?! good Lord no , it 's just ... it 's money . we need back and ... well , we find it . france who ? clurman a actress . france a rich actress . clurman yes . that 's the deal . she play lorna . france ( grow angry ) but ... but wait a minute . we be suppose to be different , right ? clifford say ... this theatre be suppose to be different ! and this play ... this play be all about what greed and money do to people ! clurman I know , but -- france ( over he line ) what do clifford say ? clurman right now we have to be practical . france do clifford even know ? ( off he silence ) you do not tell he , do you ? ( stand ) I be gonna tell he . where be he ? clurman he know , france . she collapse back into she seat . her head be swirl . clurman ( gently ) he approve it . she 's glaring at he . he hand she a letter . clurman I be very sorry , but ... well , Hollywood want you back , right ? her eye fill with rage . she hurl she drink in he face . france prick ! he stand and , with as much dignity as he can muster , leave . france be shaking . she rip open the letter he give she . stare at it in horror ... omitted int . bookie joint - day plain room . a few table with phone , man on the phone write down number . behind they be blackboard with horse ' name and price . off to one side Harry be confer with the owner . harry of course it can be do , " Mr. Jones , " but it 's how you do it . there 's a way to pay off L.A. cop and a way to get yourself arrest . first you gotta know who to approach -- a man at one of the phone look up , call . man at phone you Harry York ? Harry nod , startle . the man at the table hold up the phone and go to he next call . Harry take the phone . omitted int . odet ' apartment - new york - night france on the phone . a half - pack bag lie on the bed . a bottle and glass sit beside she . she 's be cry and drink . france Harry ? Harry , where be you ?! harry ( v.o. ) Jesus , france , how would you find I ? france I call you god - damned office ! I want you to kill he , Harry . you will do that for I , will not you ? I love he , I love he ... that bastard . omitted int . bookie' office - night harry calm down , france . france ( v.o. ) do not tell I what to do , just give I he head on a platter ! omitted int . odet ' apartment - new york - night france unfold the crumpled letter clurman give she . france two line ! two fuck line ! ' my wife return from Europe tomorrow . I can not see you any more . ' just like that ! harry ( v.o. ) france ... france ( sobbing ) Harry , I hate be in love . I do not ever want to be in love again . I just hate it ! omitted int . bookie joint - day with the patter of the bookie take bet beside he , Harry listen to france ' sob . harry I know , france ... I know . he hear a click on the other end . he hang up and heave a long slow sigh . fade out : fade in : int . SOUND stage - flowing gold set - day france , in a pair of overall , fall face down into mud . int . SOUND stage - flowing gold set - later we see the slate : ' flow gold ' , scene 31a , take 11 ... then the same action be repeat from a slightly different angle . next to she be a old car , its wheel mire in mud . int . SOUND stage - flowing gold set - later Slate : take 12 . she fall again , this time splattering mud all over she face and hair . she lie still for a moment , gritting she tooth . sitting comfortably in a nearby director 's chair be a director read Daily variety . the headline read : " studio win farmer war on hollywood . " behind the director , off to one side , stand bebe . the a.d. tug on the director 's sleeve : a.d. how be that ? director ( look up ) good , good . one more time . france ( stand ) for God 's sake ... why ? director because we want to get it perfect ... just the right combination of fury and confusion . you can understand that , can not you , miss Farmer ? we be serious artist here , right ? right . the director glance toward bebe , who nod with satisfaction . france watch this interaction . she hesitates , then approach bebe . she wipe some mud from she face and drop it at she foot . france look , Mr. bebe , you can hold I to my contract , but you can not break I . I be back , and I be gonna make the best of it . bebe ( somewhat snidely ) I would like nothing better . she turn and walk , with a air of pride , to she wardrobe trailer . ext . elegant beachfront home - night light everywhere . Cars line the driveway . we hear the SOUND of a large party . a car pull up . bob barne get out , go around to open the door for france . she 's exhaust . she do not move . barne well ... come on . france this be a mistake . no . this be a disaster . barne come on , it 's just what you need ! let everyone see you . talk to they , live it up ! france ( tiredly ) but we have be at it since six this morning . at least you could have let I go home and change . barne look , france , I do not want this job . think I be crazy ? but you begge I : improve you image . so please ... lemme try , huh ? france ( get out ) you be right . I be sorry . ( sigh ) okay , let 's go get them . barne ( take pill from pocket ) here , take a few of this . Studio make them in the basement . they keep the fat off . france ( joke ) so not only be I a troublesome bitch , but I be fat too ? barne come on . they make you feel nice and peppy . she nod , take a few . they head for the door . int . house - entry hall - night the doorbell chime . the hostess , connie , a pleasant - look woman , answer the door . barne hi! Bob barne ! look like a swell party ! connie ( pleased ) france ! as they embrace , france look around with trepidation : france ( whisper ) God , who 's here ? connie ( also whisper ) the usual vermin , I be afraid . barne try to pull france inside . she see a flurry of wait face . everyone 's watch she . france ( sotto voice ) get I a drink . barne nod , concerned , and cross to the bar . france hi everybody . some people seem amused , some curious , some scornful . the director from the mud scene nod to she . connie be at she side for support . a voice from somewhere pierce the chatter : snide voice so nice to have you back , france . as barne return with she drink , she turn to connie : france connie , can I use the upstairs bathroom ? connie sure . int . upstair bathroom - night later . france lie in a bubblebath , relax , sip she drink . she obviously feel a lot better . someone knock . france come in . a fat man enter , stare at she . france ( relaxed ) hi. he be dumbfounded . he slowly retreat into the hall . int . downstair live room - night barne be talk to a Young man whom we recognize as the reporter who trick france in New York . barne you would not believe the offer ! just pile in . I mean pile . some of the best script I have read in year ! young reporter ( sarcastic ) yes ? my employer will be glad to hear that . barne louella ? be she here ? young reporter how could you miss she ? he nod toward a hard - face older woman surround by admirer . barne louella 's here and I be talk to you ? int . upstair bedroom - night we see the open door to the bathroom . france , with a towel around she , be go through connie 's closet . barne knock . barne france ? ( enter , see she ) oh no . france refill my drink , will you , Bob ? barne ( aghast ) what be you do ? france put on my armor . barne come on , france . louella parson be here . she want to talk to you , help you out . france ( muse ) louella ... do not she call I a spoiled little bitch ? barne come on , she 's a important columnist ! what 's the matter ? I think you want this people to forgive you . france ( darkly ) ' forgive ' ...? for what ? barne I be sorry ... that be a unfortunate choice of word . france pull down a dress and inspect it . france you be not kid . ( firmly ) get I a refill , Bob . I will be down in a minute . he nod and retreat out the door . int . downstair live room - night everyone chatter away ... then hush slightly . head turn : france be descend the stairway in one of connie 's dress . she look absolutely radiant ... like some kind of goddess . barne , look very pleased at she appearance and the other ' reaction , hand she the drink . france thank you . then the Young reporter step forward . young reporter ( he callow youth act ) gee , awful good to see ya again , miss Farmer . france bristle . barne look on nervously : it 's all become unravelle again . young reporter my employer would like to know something very important : be it true you friend clifford sleep in the nude ? france be broiling . she stare at he . under she steady gaze , the snide smile gradually fade from he face . france you seem like a intelligent young man . young reporter huh ? france can not you find a more dignify way to make a live ? he blanch . this hit home . france turn on she heel and leave . ext . house - night france rush out , follow by barne and a few curious partygoer . she be very upset . tight . holding it in . barne plead with she , try to stop she , but she leap in the car and speed off , spew gravel over he . the partygoer salute she with they drink . ext . a cliffside cocktail lounge - night in the pale moonlight we see the dim outline of a poster tack to the outside wall . the highway disappear down to the sea glitter dully in the distance . we hear the rising SOUND of a approach car . its headlight crest the hill , illuminate the poster , show a woman drive a open car , seat beside the outline of a familiar mustach figure . the poster read , " when you be Riding alone , you be Riding with Hitler . " the light grow brighter , almost blind . the car , accelerate furiously , flash by . then we hear a motorcycle start up . it emerge from the blackness and speed off in pursuit . a roadsign read : " dimout Zone . " france drive fast , tear run she face . the motorcycle cop pull up alongside and shout , " pull over ! " she hesitates . he wave insistently . gradually she slow . he get off he bike and walk over , prepare the usual lecture . cop okay ... he lean over the car and see france , she hair wild and tangle . cop ( a come - on ) hey , where 's the fire , sister ? france ( sarcastic ) in my eye , officer . cop cool off , beautiful . do not you see the sign say " dimout Zone ? " ( switch off she light ) there 's a war on , you know ? france come on . you be seriously try to tell I the jap can not find Los Angeles without my headlight ? cop ( testy ) I do not make the law , lady . I just enforce it . she switch she headlight back on . france God , you bore I . she start the car . the cop , angry now , lunge in and grab the key . france do not touch I ! she leap out of the car . the cop turn off the car light . as france pass he motorcycle , she switch on its light . cop hey ! he run after she , turn off the motorcycle light on the way . when he catch she , he grab she arm . she struggle , grab the flashlight from he belt . she switch it on and hold it high , its beam spearing wildly out to sea . he lunge for it , knock she down . they struggle . he roll on top of she , pin both she arm with one hand ... try to handcuff she . she writhes , knee he in the ball . she crawl away , desperately claw at loose stone . the cop , angry now , hurl she down again and manage to get the cuff on . as they dig into she wrist , she try to bite he . the cop , wind from the battle , yank she to she foot and drag she , kick and scream , to he motorcycle . he pull out he radio mike . cop ( panting ) Santa monica , this be motor six - sixty - six . I get a live one here . fade out : fade in : omitted ext . beach house balcony - day close on front page of the Los Angeles Times , October 1942 . the headline read : " 24 jap ship sunk " , " errol Flynn sex Trial delay " , " france Farmer arrested on drunk driving charge -- actress get $ 250 Fine and six month probation . " camera pull back to show several newspaper spread out on the balcony of france ' beach house . as the papers ruffle in the wind , a little kitten swipe at they . france sit in the sun write in she diary , the same one we see at the open of the film . a man 's shoe come into view . harry ( o.s. ) get any ginger beer ? she turn , surprised and pleased to see he . france take a look . he walk off into the kitchen . she put she diary away . france ( call ) how the hell do you find I anyway ? harry ( o.s. ) Animal magnetism ! ( she laugh ) no ginger beer . what 's this red stuff ? france what 's leave of my blood . harry ( o.s. ) think I will have a glass . france help yourself . everyone else have . Harry return , sip the drink . harry very tasty . she smile . harry ( look around ) Nice joint . can you afford it ? france nope . the studio pay . thank you , Harry . harry what for ? france for not chopping off he head and serve it to I on a platter . harry well , I would have , you know ? I just do not know how to cook it . she laugh . harry six month ' probation ...? you gotta learn when to do battle , Farmer . you be not go to win many bout with 200 pound cop . france I take the early round . harry ( laugh ) I will bet . france I do not know . it hurt , Harry . some thing , no matter what you do with they , they just hurt . harry so you drink , and you fight with a cop ...? france yeah , and you look at people and you wonder who the hell they be , what 's go on inside they head . sometimes you can hear it , like a buzzing , the thing that happen in they head . and you wonder : do anybody ever love anybody , really ? harry beat I . beat . france I gotta get outta here . I gotta get out of this town . we see a think come to he . harry hey look , I get some business down in San Diego . whattaya say you come with I , stay a few day ? france no , Harry , I can not -- ( right now ) harry you be come . omitted int . san diego bar - night waterfront bar , full of sailor , whore , and heavy drinker . hanging over the bar be San Diego paraphernalia . france and Harry sit at a table . heavy booz have lead to philosophize : france you know ... when I start act , you know what I want ? he grunt : what ? france I just want to be part of something ... one thing , one play or one movie , something that be really fine ... memorable . and I could say : I do that , I make something good . harry and ? france well ... to get a crack at something good , you gotta earn it , you gotta climb the ladder first . so you do , you work hard , and all this people behind you be push you up , shouting you on . and then one day you realize you be , you be at the top ... and there 's nothing there . and you look behind you and there 's no one below . you be just leave there all alone ... sway in the god-damn breeze . in the background , we see a drunken sailor lurching toward they table . harry well , like the man say : " you can make a fresh start with you last breath . " the sailor trip and fall across they table , spilling beer on france and knock thing over . france ( irritate ) hey , watch it . sailor ( eyeing she suggestively ) watch what ? france get away from I , you foul slime . sailor that 's no way for a lady to talk . harry take a walk , pal . france who say I be a lady ? sailor sorry I insulted you ... bitch . harry hey ! france ahhh , go eat a toilet seat . the sailor go berserk , take a swing at france . Harry leap in to protect she , start to fight with the sailor . france join in ; she 's not go to let anyone fight she battle . the sailor 's buddy enter the fraca . everyone 's get hit . as the melee continue we : dissolve to : ext . france ' beach house - day a cab pull up . france get out . she look weary and have a bruise on she cheek . a car be park in the driveway . she frown at it , shrug , and carry she suitcase toward the house . int . beach house - day she enter with she bag , then drop they , stunne . the house be stripped bare . a man hold a measure tape come out of the bedroom . france what happen ? who be you ? man who be you ? france I live here . man you be Farmer ? oh ... well , look , they take you stuff out . move it to some hotel , I think . france what ? man I be preparin ' it for the next tenant , he 's come in tomorrow . france stare at he , dumbfounded . smash CUT to : int . HOTEL suite - day france on the phone . box spread out , they content strewn over the floor , table , etc . france be go through various pile , again and again , look for something ... france ( mutter ) God damn it , god damn it ... ( into phone ) yes , I will wait , I be wait ... ( to herself ) I do not believe this . they can not do this to I ! she take a long drink , sift through a pile , then throw it on the bed in disgust . we hear a voice on the phone . france ( into phone ) barne ? it 's my diary ! they steal my fuck diary ! find it , will you ? find it ! God damn it , that 's my life ! she slam down the phone . int . stage - movie set - day the crew be idle and the director pace , mutter : director never . never again . I swear , I swear I will never work with this broad -- france , look pretty hang -over , enter blithely . director you be four hour late ! it 's insane ! it 's unprofessional ! france I would say I be behave as professionally as anyone else in this town . director where be you ?! france terribly , terribly sorry ; I oversleep . what 's the name of this fine entertainment we be all so involved in ? the director clenches he fist as though about to punch she . france ( look blearly at the slate ) oh yes . " no escape . " that 's it . there 's no escape . she walk to she dress room as the director explode anew . int . france ' dressing room - day small , cramped ; not like the earlier one we see . the hairdresser -- whom we recognize as tora , the woman who cut bebe 's hair -- stand wait , hold she brushes and look vex . france enter . tora it 's about time ! you be not the star on this show , y'know ! france sit . tora begin brush she hair , yanking france ' head back with each stroke . Building tension ... tora of course , it 's not up to I to say anything . I be just crew ... y'know , you hair 's so fine you will lose it if you be not careful . wonder you all do not , the thing you do to yourselves . in fact , I think you be already ... fact , I think you better -- france cry out and twist around suddenly . tora be throw back : stumbling ... fall ... hit she jaw against a chair . france that 's it ! I be not take this any more ! I quit ! she storm out . tora be leave moan , hold she jaw . int . stage - movie set - day france march across it . everyone stare . france Goodbye !... goodbye !... goodbye !... when she reach the exit door , she turn and bow to they all , grandiloquently . int . france ' HOTEL room - night she 's snore in bed . face down , spread-eagled . the light be on . a whiskey bottle ( three -quarter empty ) , a tumbler ( three - quarter full ) , and a bottle of pill sit on the night table . the phone ring . she wince , groan , try to open she eye then squeeze they together : hang over . her arm flail out , find the light and turn it off . france shit . the phone keep ringing . her arm grope for it . a loud pounding at the door . france what the hell 's go on here ? ( call ) hold on ! ( answer phone ) hello ... ( we hear a dial tone ) hello ? the pounding at the door become violent . someone 's break it down . france hey ! the door splinter . france what ...? help ! Men stream into the room . back -lit from the hall they look like monster , phantom . they be carry stick . france scream and run naked into the bathroom . france do not kill I ! do not kill I ! she slam the door on the advance figure . int . bathroom - night france lean she weight against the door . france mama , help I , help I , mama ! do not let they kill I ! it 's too much for she . she 's shove back , fall to the floor . the door fly open revealing three large cop . leer at she . france clutches at the shower curtain , try to cover herself . cop get you clothes on . france ( cry ) you have no right ! you have no fuck right , you bastard ! get the hell out of here -- cop get you clothes on , lady -- france get out ! cop you be under arrest . omitted int . santa monica police station - night france be be lead to the book desk . all around she photographer snap she picture , and Reporters walk alongside subjecting she to a never-end barrage of question . france just smoke a cigarette and smile grimly at the dour-face sergeant face she . sergeant name ? france I do not believe this ! you jerk drag I down here in the middle of the night and you do not even know who the hell I be ! the photographer laugh . sergeant Age ? france Fifteen . sergeant ( bristle ) address ? france just put I down as a avg -- a vagrant vagabond . come on , this be a joke ! assault and battery ? I barely touch that bitch ! sergeant occupation ? france consider for a moment , then smile matter - of - factly . france cocksucker . the sergeant redden . france laugh as the photographer snap they shot . int . women be jail - cell block - night two matron escort france to she cell . she shake they hand off she arm and enter . they slide the door shut . photographer press up to the bar . france call after the matron . france hey ! I would like to leave a wake - up call for say , ten ? hey ! I will have my bread and water in bed ! france look disgustedly at the photographer and lie down heavily on the cot . photographer hey france ! why do not you comb you hair , okay ? france ... take I the way I be . int . courtroom - day france , look dishevel , daze , and over- tired from a sleepless night in jail , stand alone before the judge . next to the prosecutor sit tora , she jaw heavily bandage , glaring at france . the spectator 's section be pack . judge ... be that not true ? france ( under she breath ) who 's write this guy 's line ? judge answer the question ! have you drive a car since you be place on probation ? france no , I could not get my hand on one . judge have you report to you probation Officer as direct ? france I never see he . why do not he show up ? judge do you expect he to look you up ? france why , certainly . I want to get a peek at he face ... suppress laughter ripple through the courtroom . judge you be on you way to a contempt citation , young lady . france that 's fine with I ... ( turn to spectator ) get it ? Fine . a fine ! hey c'mon , c'mon , what be this , a audience or a jury ? judge miss Farmer , be it true you fight with the policeman who arrest you last night ? france sure it 's true . I be fight for my country as well as myself . judge miss Farmer , you be advise at the last hearing that if you take one drink of liquor or fail to be a law - abide citizen -- france move closer to the bench . france be you tell I you do not have a little rum in you pineapple juice this morning ? I can smell it from here , you honor . the courtroom erupt into surprised laughter . judge that 's enough ! france laugh triumphantly and spear the air with she finger , point at the judge . france it 's the truth ! I can smell it from here -- you old hypocrite ! the laughter grow . the judge bang he gavel . judge miss Farmer ! in light of you flagrant disregard for the condition of you probation , couple with the unwarranted assault on the plaintiff here ... I be force to order you to begin serve a sentence of 180 day in the County jail . france Fine ! judge ( rise ) you be a deeply troubled young lady ... I only hope you change you course before it 's too late . the judge pound he gavel . france be about to say something when suddenly the realization of what 's happen hit she . the judge be leave the bench . a reporter run out of the room . france ( frighten now ) wait a minute ... I have not get a lawyer ... the judge ignore this . france ( shouting ) what I want to know be do I have any civil rights ? the judge close he chamber door behind he . france turn slowly . the matron be come toward she . france I want to make a phone call ... she lunge at the matron , try to get past they . france I have a right to make a phone call ! int . hallway outside courtroom - a row of phone booths - day the reporter be phone in he story . the hallway be pandemonium . reporter ( from he note ) " the kleig-light road to fame and fortune be strewn with heartbreak and despair . today film star france Farmer , tarnish by alcohol and drug " -- be I go too fast for ya ? in the next phone booth we see Harry listen to the reporter 's spiel . he regards the confusion around he with calm eye . ext . the courtroom door - day they burst open . the matron and two cop come out carry france . Reporters and photographer rush past she . france they be steal my civil rights ! help I ! I be be kidnap ! oh God , help I ! help I ! she suddenly see the phone booth . her eye fill with tear , she shoulder slump forward and she lower lip begin to tremble . she no longer struggle . france ( to a matron ) have not you ever have a break heart ? the matron relax she grip and give france a handkerchief . france dab at she eye ... wrap the kerchief around she knuckle ... and slug the matron in the jaw , send she sprawling . france run to the phone . reporter oh my God , she 's loose ! france throw herself at the door of the booth . the reporter be delirious with joy : what a story ! reporter she 's attack you correspondent ! right here in the Court Building ! good God , this bitch be crazy ! someone stop she ! france pound at the door a few more time , then move to the next booth ... into the arm of Harry . france ( a whisper ) Harry ! Harry shake he head . before he can speak , france be grab from behind and drag toward the elevator . france I have a right ! I have a right ! reporter ( into phone ) with what must surely be the final act of madness , the curtain fall on france Farmer 's once promise career . the craze blonde who at 27 ... Harry open the door to he booth . the reporter look up at he . reporter hold it a second , bub ... Harry say not a word , but punch the reporter hard in the face . the reporter sag , out like a light . in the confusion , no one have notice a thing . Harry pull the door shut . int . courtroom - day france be sit in a wooden chair . the venetian blind over the tall window be almost completely close . the room be dim and terribly quiet . a woman be murmure something to a kindly - look judge . another man be stand beside she . france can not quite make out the word . woman ... and we feel that this would be more appropriate . judge ... a difficult decision , but , I be sure , the proper one . he nod to the other man who , together with the woman , turn away from the bench . as they pass in front of one of the tall window , france recognize the woman . it be alma style . france what ? she feel a arm slip around she shoulder and she stiffen . her mother 's face appear by hers . lillian ( whisper ) it 's alright now , little sister , everything 's go to be just fine . france mama , what 's ... lillian shhh , shhh . you be not go to jail , france . the judge have put you under my care . I will see you get the rest you need . france you be take I home ! two other women appear at either side of france and lillian . lillian tenderly take she daughter 's face in she hand . lillian ( smile ) first thing first , little sister . trust I . she kiss france on the forehead . france look at the two woman . they be smile understandingly at lillian . france look a little alarmed . omitted ext . entrance drive - day a wood - panell station wagon turn the corner of a tree - line road and head up toward tall wrought- iron gate . on a white - wash wall be black letter : " meadow wood convalescent home " . the Station wagon , a similar sign on its door , pull up . the gate swing slowly open , and it travel up a long tree -line driveway . as it go by , we see france sit in the back seat between lillian and one of the woman from the previous scene . the car head up toward a large Spanish - style building set back among some tree . int . a SMALL office - day france sit in front of a desk nervously smoking a cigarette . lillian stand at a window look out at a broad expanse of well - manicure lawn end at a row of oak in the distance . lillian why it 's beautiful here ! what a view ! lillian smile enthusiastically at france , who stare accusingly back : she 's not fall for that . a awkward moment of silence . lillian fidget , do not know what to say . she be rescue when the door open and dr . symington ( early 30 , glass , white coat and ingratiate smile ) enter . he hold he right hand out to france . man good afternoon , miss Farmer . I be Dr. symington . france stare at the proffer hand . lillian step in quickly and take it . lillian good afternoon , Doctor . the Doctor wink at france and put a hand on lillian 's arm . symington I be very pleased to meet you , Mrs. Farmer . I be sure we will have more of a chance to talk later . right now I think it 's important that you daughter have a chance to settle in . perhaps it would be best if you say you goodby here . he smile pleasantly . lillian be obviously very put off by the idea . she look at france who stare unseeingly out the window . lillian oh . well , I have some background that you should probably know about if you be ... symington I have no doubt , Mrs. Farmer . if you will speak to the girl at the desk , she will arrange a appointment . he go to the door and open it . lillian be momentarily at a loss , but she acquiesce . she bend down and tightly hug france , who pat she on the back a couple of time . lillian I will be back real soon , little sister . you be a good girl . she wait for a reply and then , get none , start out the door . france ( stare out window ) mama ! lillian turn back expectantly . france ( warningly ) ... I want to go home , mama . lillian look to the Doctor , who nod sympathetically at she . lillian you will see , little sister . everything will be fine . the doctor know best . she go out and down the hall . the Doctor close the door . symington I find this initial meeting to be much easier without the concerned relative in attendance . france be I suppose to say ' thank you ' ? symington thanks be hardly necessary . france aw , shuck , mar 'am . t'were not nothin' . symington I be glad to see you have not lose you sense of humor . france it be not for lack of try . symington so it seem . May we be serious for a moment ? france ( seductively ) why , Doctor ! we have only just meet ! he redden ever so slightly and look away . symington I feel I have know you for a long time ... you see , I have follow you career ... you be a fascinating case ... I be look forward to resolve you predicament . france ' face begin to set in hard plane . france oh ! be you really ? symington among person such as yourself , creative people under great stress , erratic behavior be not at all uncommon and certainly nothing to be ashamed of . it 's just that the neurosis which fuel you talent can also generate certain character disability which ... ( can cripple you ability to function ... ) he stop as france rise and lean over he desk : france do you expect I , for one moment , to believe you have great insight into my personality than I do ? symington please sit down ... france you may discuss my predicament , Doctor . you may discuss it with anyone you like , but not with I . I be not interested . I can solve my problem without recourse to a veternarian . symington I see . france besides , I do not want to be what you want to make I . symington and what 's that ? france normal . average . symington all right . will you please sit down now ? ( smile ) symington say . france ... do you really say that ? symington just a little joke , miss Farmer . france this whole thing be a joke ! symington stay calm , please . france no , you stay calm , Doctor ! but you be find that difficult , be not you ? ( soft , seductive ) why , be you attract to I ? perhaps later , in some of we more intimate session ... after we know each other a little better ... ( turn harder ) and you have tear my personality to shred , and I be weep and vulnerable ... ( very hard ) then you will really get you kick , will not you , " Doctor ? " symington I will have someone show you to you room . france oh , that 's good , very professional . in control . but the tiny bead of sweat on you upper lip give you away . symington stare at she . with a careful , almost scientific gesture he move thumb and forefinger over he lip , then rub the two finger together . yes , there be sweat . symington you really should get some rest now . nurse will meet you outside . good day . he push a button on he desk and reach for a folder . france have not move . she gaze at he evenly . symington be there something else ? france you do not say ' symington say ' . his eye be very calm now , he smile at she patronizingly . symington symington say . int . france ' room - day small , white , spartan and rather pleasant . lillian be stand by the window , testing the lock . she turn and go to the bed , fussing with the pillow , seem very uncomfortable . she pull at the corner of the mattress . the door open and a tall , sullen - look matron walk in . lillian do not pay much attention to she . lillian not much on hospital corner , be you ? matron you Farmer ? something in she tone make lillian look up . the matron close the door behind she and advance . lillian assume she full height . int . hallway - day france be walk with a nurse . they pass a variety of other patient , some of whom look old or beat but few of whom seem overtly crazy . france so this be the nuthouse ... the nurse smile confidentially at she . nurse honey ... take my word for it . this be a resort . they get to the door and hear lillian 's protest voice : lillian ( o.s. ) you have no right ! they enter and see the matron struggle to get lillian 's coat away from she . lillian plead with france . lillian tell they who I be ! tell they who I be ! france be you crazy ? unhand that woman ! that 's Amelia earhart ! france burst out laugh . the matron release lillian and come for france . int . france ' room - day close - up of a hypodermic needle a little fluid squirt out the tip . france ( o.s. ) but what be it ? camera pull back to reveal france strapped down on a white cot . the nurse be hold the syringe while a thin nurse and a attendant stand by . france you have get to tell I what it be ! thin nurse it 's insulin . it throw you body into shock . france look at she suspiciously , uncertain whether to believe this , and turn toward the nurse with the hypodermic . nurse with hypo ( reassuringly ) it 's just vitamin . this sound more reasonable . france relax somewhat . nurse with hypo a , C , b-complex , certain mineral ... ( insert hypo ) just stay relaxed ... good , now open you mouth a sec . france do . the attendant jam a rubber bar between she tooth . france squirm , fight . the attendant hold the bar in place . and the nurse push the plunger on the hypo . france go rigid . her eye widen , she back arch . with a loud hoarse cry she start to convulse . the screen begins to fade into bright white light . she be unconscious . the screen be now blank . ext . courtyard - meadow wood - day france sit beside lillian on a bench . other patient with ground privilege wander aimlessly about . there be a open carpet bag at lillian 's foot and , in she lap , a bundle of letter and telegram that she 's show to france . france seem restless . lillian ... and here 's the one from duluth . a war widow with five child . she work in a defense plant and she 's very worried about you . I answer she that she should not let worry over you affect she vital work ; and that you would be back on the silver screen in no time . she hand it to france , who let it drop beside she on the bench . lillian and here 's one from nice Mr. Zeiss . he say that ... france why be this all open ? lillian well , they need immediate answer , france . it 's good manners and good sense . you should not be bother yourself with this right now . france then why do you bring they ? lillian it 's you fan mail , little sister . france ( look off , under she breath ) you kill I , mama . lillian what ? france go on ... france sigh . she look for something to divert she attention . int . symington' office - day france be alone in the room . the door be ajar . she 's stand over symington 's desk , which be empty except for a doodle pad . the doodle she 's look at be extremely bizarre , sadistic ... after a moment , symington enter hold several folder . france ' manner change very subtly . symington ... I be sorry to keep you wait , the staff review run over . do you enjoy you mother 's visit ? france ( sit ) yes . it be very good to see she . symington really ? any problem ? symington put the folder in a drawer . all except france ' . france not at all . she bring I my fan mail . ( a performance ) I have no idea there be so many stranger concerned about I . but I guess that 's the best thing about work in the movie . you make so many friend . I want to go back and show they that the faith they put in I be not a mistake . symington you be tell I you feel guilty . france ( slightly edgy ) no ... what I mean be ... I be just very excited by the prospect of get on with my life , that 's all . symington ( after a pause ) do you really believe you mother 's try to kill you ? france ( laugh ) what ? symington she tell I you say , " mama , you want to kill I . " france I never say ... oh look . that 's just a figure of speech . she say something funny , and I say ... symington and you accuse she of tamper with you mail . france oh for Christ 's ... france be wrapping and unwrap a handkerchief around she knuckle . look a little crazy . symington 's watch it . she stop . france I be sorry . she misunderstand , that 's all . symington but you tell I you have a pleasant visit and you mother say you be sullen and uncommunicative . whom do you think I should believe ? france Doctor , I hate to break this to you , but my mother be a little batty . symington france , you be still fill with anxiety . you feel guilty and hostile toward you family and friend . consequently , I do not recommend you release at the staff review . france you what ? symington mental illness be a elusive thing , and though I be pleased you be feel more ... capable , it 's perhaps unrealistic to expect you to be completely cure after so short a time . do not you agree ? france stare at he . stun . horrify . symington ( smile ) I be sure you will see it my way in the end . france Dr. symington , how big be you dick ? symington huh ? france ' Cause if it 's long enough , which I doubt , why do not you wrap it around and fuck yourself in the ass ! symington smile patronizingly . france I want outta here , you understand ? I be ready to get out ! so you go back there ... you go back and you tell they to let I out ! symington ( calmly ) france , I be warning you ... france no , I be warning you ! who do you think you be , God ? you bumble around with you folder ... ( she knock she folder to the floor ) ... and you pencil ... ( she grab some pencil and throw they at he ) ... and you god -damn button ... ( she pound on the inter-com ; a voice say , ' yes , Doctor ? ' ) ... all you badge of authority ! but you have no authority ! you be nothing ! you be a zero ! she tear open the door . two huge orderlies be wait . france try to barrel past , but they easily restrain she . orderly Doc ? symington sit forward , he hand smoothing he hair . france smile sarcastically at he : france symington say ... symington ( tonelessly ) sedate she . they haul she away . ext . meadow wood convalescent home - day a few patient stroll about , visit with relative . france lie on a chaise lounge . she 's wear a robe and dark glass , a big hat , and she seem to be sleep . the camera approach . her hair be a mess , she skin splotchy . and something be move : she hand ... one finger on one hand be move in agitate little burst . we realize she be not sleep at all ... harry ( o.s. ) hi there . how ' bout a walk in the wood ? she look to one side and see he . frown . take off she glass and run she finger nervously through she hair . france oh my God , I look awful . harry ( friendly ) you have look a whole lot better . c'mon . ext . meadow wood ground - day france and Harry walk in a relatively secluded area . she glance around continuously ... suspiciously . france they be doin ' stuff to I , Harry . can you see it ? you feel it ? they be put stuff in my food or something , my water , and they be use it to put thought in my head . you understand ? they be try to be - arrange what 's in my head , they be try to drive I crazy ! oh , Harry ! she break down and weep on Harry 's shoulder . Harry look around warily . france I can not stay here anymore , you understand ? I can not , I can not . I gotta get home . I gotta get somewhere else , anywhere , okay ? Harry nod , squeeze she arm firmly -- a warning -- as a white - coat attendant approach . france straighten up . attendant oh , miss Farmer ! time for you bath , miss Farmer ! harry ( urgent whisper ) listen : to the leave . straight through the tree and over the wall to you leave . my car be there . the attendant reach they . attendant ( as if to a child ) it 's time for you bath ! france oh good . I love my bath . attendant come along now . france start to move off with the attendant . for a instant Harry -- and we -- wonder if she really be crazy . harry france ! do you hear what I say ? she turn . the attendant turn . she smile sweetly , madly . france of course , Harry . the attendant be between she and Harry . we see she face turn dark . she shove the attendant toward Harry and shout : france ( fiercely ) over the wall ! she run . the attendant stagger toward Harry , who knock he down with two punch . another attendant run up . Harry whip out a icepick and brandish it at they : harry you want crazy ? I will show you crazy ! the attendant hold they ground . Harry run after france . ext . grove of tree - day france and Harry crash through bush , come to a high wall . harry ( offer to lift she ) here . france hug he tightly , kiss he . he lift she by the waist , and she grab the top of the wall and haul herself up . Harry join she . we see , over the wall , a lincoln Zephyr wait on a dirt road . Harry and france jump down as we hear the two attendant burst through the underbrush and haul themselves up . as they head pop over the top of the wall , they see the lincoln disappear down the road in a cloud of dust ... int . lincoln - dusk - day Harry , eye bleary and shoulder hunch , try to concentrate on the road ahead . the radio drone quietly , a lazy saxophone ballad . after a while , there 's movement in the back seat and france sit up . she yawn and stretch as Harry watch she in the mirror . harry even , gorgeous . france ( yawn ) that sure look like fun ... ( lean over front seat ) you know how long it 's be since I be behind the wheel ? harry forget it , france . you be not drive . france have I tell you how mean you be turn , York ? Harry smile . france climb over the seat and start to fiddle with the radio . france where be we , mean man ? harry couple hour from Idaho . we will cut across to Montana . I have get friend there with a ranch . france I should have know ... harry what ? france this be another one of you scheme to get I off alone ... harry that 's right . france ( smile ) ... take advantage of I . Harry laugh . they pass a poster : " buy war bond ! " france stare at it . france I do not think I would be much good in a war ... harry whattaya think you be in now ? france ( sleepily ) I do not know . not a war exactly . it 's more a ... a misapprehension maybe ... harry huh ? france a misunderstanding , people take the wrong meaning from thing . I be not declare war , Harry . I be just say my prayer . Harry look at she quizzically . harry who to ? beat . france Harry , I have to go home . I have to talk to mama . harry france , you be fulla drug . you do not know what you be say . who do you think put you into meadow Wood ? you mother think you be crazy and she will keep on think it as long as it suit she . france ( sit up ) no , she just do not want I go to jail , that 's all . harry yeah ? she 's a shark , france . I be not take you there , and that 's that ! she rub he neck and he attitude seem to soften . she look at he fondly , thoughtfully . france you know something , Harry ? harry I guess . france aside from meanness , you be almost perfect . there 's only one other thing wrong with you . harry what 's that ? france you can not drink . smash CUT to : ext . ROADHOUSE - night the lincoln be park beside a few other car . int . ROADHOUSE - night france and Harry sit at a table cluttere with empty glass . the jukebox plays , a few couple dance . france be gulp down a tall scotch . france ( wince / grin ) ohhh , that 's lousy scotch ! harry ( call drunkenly ) hey ! another shot for the lady and a double for I ! france what a man ! harry hey , you be a good quarter - horse , kid , but you can not go a route of ground . france ( hoist she glass ) to quarter-horse . harry no . to thoroughbred . he knock back he drink . the jukebox a hand put a nickel in , and we hear Bing crosby sing " Love be so terrific . " we pan across the dance floor , where Harry and france be dance . bing be voice Love be so terrific such a funny feel make you want to cuddle and coo ... france squeal with delight when she hear the song . she hold Harry forcefully and start to lead he around the floor . Harry start to sing along : bing &amp ; harry make you sentimental , make you kinda gentle ouch ! ( france pinch Harry ) terrific thing . around they a infection be spread : all the woman be lead they man . for a instant it be magical , liberate ... she lean she head against he shoulder . france why be you always leave I , Harry ? harry huh ? france you should stickaround sometimes . look out for I . harry look , france , I be only gonna ask this one time . I mean it . I swear after this , I will never ask again : will you marry I ? france ( after a long pause ) I know a thing or two about marriage . you ... you understand I more than anyone , Harry ... maybe even more than mama . but ... you be too important to I . I would fail you . I do not know how or why , but I would . and that 's a chance I just can not take . do you understand ? harry ( a bitter smile ) well ... I will act like I do until I do . they be silent for a moment . harry there 's just one more thing . france what 's that ? harry will you marry I ? she laugh happily . he join she , but he seem a little force . she lean she head on he shoulder and hold he tight . they dance ... omitted ext . farmer house - seattle - day the lincoln , Harry at the wheel , drive up and stop . Harry shake he head . harry it 's not too late to keep go , up to Vancouver ? be the smartest thing . france thanks , Harry , really , but ... I can not explain it . she 's my mother . she 's just ... I can not give up on she that easy . harry you give up on she ? france yeah . it 's just ... something I gotta do , I guess . harry ( smile warmly ) france , you be crazy . france ( whisper ) I know . do not tell anyone . he laugh . we see lillian come out onto the porch with uncharacteristic trepidation . harry anyway ... if you need I ... france ( warmly ) I get you number , mister man . she get out , wave to he , and walk toward the house . Harry drive off . as france reach the top step , lillian suddenly open she arm : lillian ( nervous , force ) welcome home , little sister . int . farmer house - day france and lillian enter . on the sofa sit alma style . alma and lillian seem slightly furtive . caught in the act . france well , who have we here ...? lillian ( anxiously ) france , you remember my lawyer , alma style ? style hello , france . you seem to be have quite a time of it . lillian I call alma because I think we will need ... style france , the doctor at meadow Wood have petition the court for you return . you mother have ask I to intervene so you can stay here . lillian I swear I do not know what they be do to you . I would not have let they ... she burst into tear . france take she in she arm and rock she like a child . france it 's okay , mama . it 's okay . style you realize , of course , you mother be now you legal guardian . in the eye of the law , you no longer have any rights as a adult . you be go to have to hold you tongue and be selective about whom you mix with . that man who drive you here , for instance -- france you leave he out of this ! lillian france , please do not ... style never mind . we will not have to worry about he much longer . ext . lincoln - end of france ' STREET - day Harry pull up at a stop sign . he rub he forehead wearily as a car cross the intersection . it stop dead in front of he . another pull up alongside . another behind . Harry think about this . his hand slide down slowly under the seat . we see the handle of he ice pick . Harry turn to smile at the man in the next car . the man flash a FBI badge , point revolver : FBI man ( smile ) how ya doin ' , Al ? harry you get the wrong guy . name 's slocum . FBI man no , it be not . and it be not Harry York , neither . harry look , I be tellin ' you ... the FBI man pull the hammer back on the revolver . another man open the passenger door . FBI man I would give you till ten , Al , but we be not get the time . smash CUT to : omitted int . judge's chamber judge hillier walk ... out of the chamber and down a corridor . his stride be long , he demeanor purposeful . the corridor lead into a courtroom . Harry stand at attention . we hear hillier climb onto the bench and be introduce by the court official . Harry stare up at the judge . hillier Alvin hanson , a.k.a. Ronald burn , Thomas slocum , Harry York ... Mr. hanson , this warrant have be outstanding for many year . normally that circumstance would prompt I toward leniency , but the crime you commit -- incite to riot -- and the cause you seek to promote -- a worker 's rebellion -- be such anathemas to this court that I feel compel to mote out the full sentence . I only wish it be longer . ( slamm gavel ) six month in the state penitentiary . int . farmer house - day france sit at the piano play " you be my Sunshine " . lillian be loung on the couch , leaf happily through she scrapbook . lillian france , play ' Flow gently sweet afto n ' . france ' brow mesh . france oh mama , I be so ... tired of that song . lillian please . I want you to . it would make I so happy . france sigh and begin to play it . lillian scrunches down and begin to hum along . lillian it 's just a flow gently sweet afton day . life have be so good to I . why , I have just about everything one could wish ... but I still have so many blank page in my scrapbook . she smile warmly at france . france abruptly stop play . france I think I need a little air . lillian what 's wrong ? france nothing . I think I will just go out for awhile . lillian where be you go ? france for a walk , mama . just a walk . she get up and lillian rouse herself . lillian how long will you be ? france not long . france go down the hall for she coat . lillian follow part way . lillian ( smile ) I will have lunch ready by one . france I will be back . lillian at one . promise ? france sure . france return wear the coat . lillian half - block she path . lillian say you promise . france I promise I will ... I promise , mama . lillian nod , move aside . as france head for the door : lillian you know , the surest way to lose a appetite , be to drink , little sister . france ( exite ) yes , mama . lillian I do not want you drink , france . france yes , mama . lillian enter and re-establish herself on the couch with a happy smile . she begin to hum " Flow gently sweet afton " int . flea - bag HOTEL lobby - day derelict sleep on break couch and armchair . in a corner by a pay phone Ernest Farmer sit at a rickety desk pile high with brief . france sit across from he . they have be talk . france ... so what do you think ? ernest I do not know , honey . you mother have such big plan for you . france I know that , dad , but -- ernest what you have to understand , francie , be that she ... well ... she want so much for herself too , and for I , and she never really get to ... the only time I ever see she happy be if she name be in the papers ... but she could have be ... if time be different she could have be a politician or ... I do not know . france but dad , I be ask about I . what do you think I should do ? ernest ( after a pause ) well , francie , sometimes after you get you hand on something you want , it just do not look the same . then you have to be real smart to know if you should hold onto it because it 's all you have get ... or just let it go . this be the way of thing , but I guess you already know that . france dad ... whatever I decide , will it be okay with you ? ernest always . always . france rise from she chair , look around the room to hide she tear . Ernest rise too . ernest I be sorry , I ... I do not have a desk in my room , and ... ( it 's not a proper office ) france I do not care , dad . I love you . ernest I love you too , francie . they look at each other across the desk for a uncomfortable moment , then france slowly leave . he look sadly after she . ext . flea - bag HOTEL - day france exit and start across the road . Ernest come to the window to watch she leave . it be raining and the water on the glass distort he view . omitted int . farmer house - france ' room - day lillian be straighten up france ' room , rearranging thing to suit herself . she hear the door slam downstairs . france ( o.s. ) I be back , mama . lillian ( come into hall ) oh france , do I have news for you ! guess who -- france ( excited ) wait , mama , wait . I have something to tell you . I have decide ... well ... I be not go to make movie anymore . I think that 's what I want , and I go after it with all my soul , the way you teach I , but I be miserable , mama , and it nearly kill I . so now ... now it 's over . I want a different kind of life , something ... simple . I want to live someplace quiet and peaceful ... in the country maybe , and I will have dog and cat -- I feel so light suddenly , so clear for the first time in ... it 's go to be okay , mama , I know it . and I love you . she go to hug she mother , but lillian have change . france ' news have chill she . lillian ( come down stair ) do not ... talk crazy . france mama ...? lillian ( enter live room ) they want you back ! you agent call today ! do not you understand ? he 's send the script . he want to fly up here in a week with the publicity people ! france , you can not do this to you fan ! why , they have be praying for you all through this nightmare . you can not turn you back on they now ! look at this fan mail I have be answer ! she point to a stack of letter on the table . france have not you hear what I say ? lillian I tell he to come up ! I tell he you want to show they all that there 's nothing wrong with you any more , that you be completely cure ! france I be not cure . I be never sick ! they have no business put I in there ! my only responsibility be to myself now ! lillian you ... you selfish , selfish child . at least talk to he , hear what he have to say . france no ! lillian you want to throw it all away , be that it ? you have everything , little sister . beauty ... a brilliant career ... a wonderful husband . you be a movie star ! france mama , shut up ! lillian and now you be throw everything away ? you be gonna be a nobody ! nobody ! you know what that 's like ?! france ( sudden realization ) you ... you would send I back , would not you ? you would . france grab she coat . lillian where be you go ? france I be go out ! lillian you be not go anywhere ! france yes , I be , and you can not stop I ! you can not tell I what to do , mother . I be a grow woman , and I can decide about my own life . lillian france ! they be wrestle , lillian try to prevent she from leave . france do not you try and stop I . do not you dare ! she grab lillian 's wrist and twist they , throw she back . france if you follow I , mama , I swear I will fuck kill you ! france storm out . lillian sit back in the chair , suddenly look very old . she massage she wrist ... lillian that 's it . you have do it now , little sister . int . large office - day Dark . blind draw . we see a single light with a green shade , hear the soft coo of lillian 's voice . the camera shift gradually onto she earnest face . lillian all my life , I have try to live up to my parent ' example . to have the independence of mind and fortitude of spirit that have make this country great . I teach that to france : speak out . aspire . make something of yourself , something -- ( to be proud of ) dr . doyle ( bored ) yes , yes , Mrs. Farmer -- alma style france have always be a battleground , lillian . dr . doyle , a psychiatrist , and the other be seat with judge hillier around a table . doyle the point be : it 's you opinion that france be get steadily worse ? lillian well ... yes . doyle fill in a line on the print form before he . doyle and you feel you be unable to control she any longer ? lillian no ... I mean , yes , Doctor . alma hold up lillian 's bruise wrist as evidence . doyle and the only course open to you be to commit you daughter for a period of time to a mental institution ? lillian well , alma tell I that ... alma look coolly at lillian . lillian ... yes . hillier nod slightly , approvingly , toward alma . doyle ( close he folder ) I believe that 's all I need to know about miss Farmer . hillier I think in all future document she should be refer to as Mrs. R. H. Richardson . lillian her marry name ? hillier yes . it 's less recognizable . I be sure you would prefer to keep unpleasant publicity to a minimum . lillian ... oh yes . hillier now . can you tell we where we might find france ? int . downtown seattle bar - night it 's late . france stand at the bar act out a joke for a small audience of devote drinker . france ... look for a drink , and the town be desert , he can not understand it . finally he find a bar , go in -- the place be empty , bartender 's close up . salesman say , ' gimme a martini . ' bartender 's real nervous , he say , ' no , no , no , I gotta close . Big otis be come to town . ' behind they be a large window cover by a gauzy curtain . in the street a police car cruise slowly past . france salesman say , ' I do not care . I gotta have a martini . ' so the bartender fix he a martini real fast , grab he money , and run out the back . salesman sit there sip he martini , ... he 's get the bar all to himself ... then he hear it . this big roaring in the street . rrraaaaaaa !!! ( stomping she foot ) gigantic footstep ... come closer . stop . we see the police car again ... it stop out front . france enormous hand reach in , grab the swinging door and rip they off they hinge . this huge man stomp in . pick up a chair and hurl it over the bar , smash the mirror -- whiskey and glass fly everywhere . two cop appear at the window , look in . france he turn to the salesman : ' what the hell be you do in here ! ' salesman say , ' I be just drink a martini . ' ' oh yeah ? ' the guy say . ' well you better get outa here ! Big otis be come to town ! ' everyone laugh . a long moment of enjoyment . then france turn , look out the window and see the cop . int . courtroom - day hillier behind the bench . doyle sit at a table with alma style . a court recorder tap out he note in a odd , jerky style . ( note : this scene be intercut , where appropriate , with shot of france in a bare room , wear a strait jacket . ) doyle ... from she history , it 's apparent the patient suffer from a paranoid reaction with pronounce egotism . her violent response have recently include aggression against she mother . in view of the deep - seat nature of she ailment and she failure to respond satisfactorily to insulin shock , it be my opinion she may ultimately require permanent institutional care . hillier ( to style ) counsellor , as Guardian ad litem for Mrs. Richardson , do you waive jury trial ? style yes , you honor . she sign a paper which be pass to hillier . hillier have hear the testimony of a legally qualified and reputable physician ... and be further satisfied of the truth of all matter set forth in the certificate of say physician , I do hereby order that the say Mrs. R. H. Richardson , a insane person , be confine to the western State Hospital for the insane at steilacoom . he bang he gavel . hillier so order ! be the gentleman from steilacoom present ? ext . steilacoom - day huge , dark - red brick building with bar window , loom out of the fog and tree . a van pull up to the front entrance . two men get out , open the back door and assist france out . she be strapped into a strait-jacket . she yell and struggle violently but a pierce scream stop she . she look up at the building . from a top floor window , a thin , white hand protrude from the bar and wave " hello " . int . steilacoom hallway - day france be drag kick and scream down the shiny linoleum - cover hallway . there be many patient here , talk to imaginary bird , laugh at unheard joke . a few of they notice france , most do not . the two orderly arrive at a door and throw it open . a bare 6 '10 ' room be reveal with a narrow cot and no window . france be push inside and the door lock shut with a resounding click . int . treatment room - day a medical student wheel a small electrical machine up to a table . on the table france be securely strapped down . two doctor grease france ' temple and put two metal electrode on they . the electrode be connect to the machine . doctor # 1 what 's she get , anyway ? doctor # 2 Standard series to start . doctor # 1 Fifteen ? Doctor # 2 nod and jam a rubber bar into france ' mouth . the Medical Student step forward . student can I push the button on this one ? Doctor # 1 shoot a silent query to Doctor # 2 . doctor # 2 sure . the Medical Student push the button with great gravity . france ' body immediately begin to convulse . it seem as if it will never stop . int . steilacoom - a woman be ward - day bed three inch apart . woman patient lie on they in vary stage of madness and decay . some be bound to they bed with coarse cloth strip . one bed be empty , the bond chew through . we find france sit on the floor stare at a hiss radiator . her lip be cake with blood . her eye be glaze . she be dream . or remember ... dissolve to : france acting ( her memory ) a scene from one of she movie or play . soundless . she look radiant , vivacious , alive ... dissolve to : int . steilacoom - the hydro - therapy room - day a nurse usher france and two attendant into a sparse tile room with dilapidate plumbing and fungus grow between the tile . in the center be three steel bath with hammock suspend above they . the attendant strap france into a bath as Dr. doyle enter . france ( speak with difficulty ) Doctor , it may sound odd , but I believe I have profit from my stay here . it 's just what I have need , to get away like this . but I be recuperate now . I have have lot of time to think and I have make a few decision about my life . I be ready to get on with it . doyle I know you believe that . france ... do not you ? doyle I be afraid not . you see , we observe thing that you be unaware of : sign , indicator . you problem cut very deep , france , and we have to get at that deeper stuff so that when you do get out , you will really feel secure . do that make sense ? the attendant lower she into the empty tub . france no . cut this runaround , Doctor . I know better . doyle ( smile ) listen to yourself , france . the resistance , the anger in you voice . france ( tightly ) you ... I be sorry , forgive I . Doctor , tell I honestly , what do I have to do to get out of here ? doyle be patient , that 's all . take a interest in you treatment and do not dwell on you resentment . you will be yourself again , I assure you . france ... I see . doyle we will talk more about this . I will see you later . france one question . if I be not myself now , just who do you think I be ? the Doctor smile sympathetically . doyle we will talk . as he turn to leave , france laugh triumphantly . the two attendant lower she into the bath and begin to fill it with ice- cold water . france what the hell ! they shove a rubber bit between she tooth . she immediately spit it out and defiantly start to sing in order to keep she tooth from chatter . int . steilacoom - dine hall - day everyone eat gruel . a parade of lunatic . the edge of incipient violence be palpable . france eat listlessly . other be play with they food , devour it ravenously , fondle each other . suddenly a call start up at the far end of the hall . other voice join in . at first we do not understand it , but gradually the word become clear : chant come and get it ! come and get it ! come and get it ! the whole hall join in . the nurse make no effort to stop it . other at france ' table smile at she , try to push she to she foot . when they succeed , the hall break into applause and a new chaotic chant : chant we want france ! we want france ! the chant be quickly silence by hush sound . everyone be watch france . she climb up on she bench . her eye be glaze , she face expressionless . this feel like some kind of automatic behavior . she take a exaggerated posture and speak in almost a whisper : france come and get it ... the hall break into riotous applause , catcall , stomping . france climb down from she bench . that be the entire performance . ext . steilacoom - night two dark figure move stealthily along the shadow of the main building . a little way ahead , a door open , send a shaft of light across the ground . the two Men duck back into the shadow . five young soldier exit , pay off and wave goodbye to one of the orderly . the door close . they head off down the road laugh and joke together . the two Men emerge from the shadow and approach the door . they try the handle . it open . the first one in be Harry , follow by the other man carry a roll - up bundle . int . steilacoom - night we see Harry and the other man , now wear a white Doctor 's coat , walk quickly down a dim hallway . they come to a large door with a bar window . the man fiddle with a key and unlock the door . they enter . we hear the door lock behind they . int . ward - night just inside the door the Doctor flick on a flashlight and they walk down the center of the room . the beam of light sweep over woman patient in they cot , cramme side - by - side . some be asleep , other stare blankly at the ceiling . a few smile invitingly at the two Men , whisper obscenity . the light fall on a bedraggle woman hunch over in a corner between the wall and a cot . it be france . Harry go to she , put he arm around she . she be very heavily sedate . tear spring to Harry 's eye . harry ( whisper ) france ! france ! france who ? harry france , it 's I , Harry ? france ... touch I again and I will kill you , you pig . doctor watch out , Harry . let I look she over . Harry be on the verge of tear . harry oh , God ! let 's get she out of here tonight , right now ! let 's take she with we ! doctor the hearing 's tomorrow . if she get out legally , they can not come after she . harry look at she ! she will never pass that sanity test tomorrow ... doctor I be take care of that , Harry . just hold she . ( pull a hypodermic from he pocket ) reserpine . I guarantee you this will clear she head . she will wake up feel smart and sailright through the hearing . Harry hold she around the shoulder and straighten out she arm . france start to struggle and moan loudly . doctor yeah ... she know about this . shut she up . Harry glare at the Doctor , but put a hand over she mouth and the Doctor inject she . her arm be cover with sore . harry ( tenderly ) you will be okay , honey . he 's just givin ' you something to make you think , so that tomorrow you can tell them what they want to hear , okay ? tell them you be crazy as a loon and they cure you and you be grateful . the Doctor withdraw the hypo and massage she arm . doctor this stuff take pretty quick . let 's go . france ( grab Harry ) please ! take I ! other woman in the ward cry out : " take I ! take I !! " doctor ( pull Harry ) let 's get out of here ! I will lose my job ! harry france , we gotta do it this way . just remember tomorrow , remember what I tell you . what be you gonna tell them ? france ( groggily ) I be grateful ... grateful . women in ward I be grateful ! I be grateful ! doctor ( very worried ) Harry ! harry I gotta go now . france Harry , please ! int . hallway - night the two Men come out and the Doctor quickly lock the door . doctor we be all square now , Harry . right ? harry all square , doc. doctor good . ' Cause I do not want to see you again . france ' face appear at the tiny bar window . we can just hear she : france I love you , Harry . I love you . harry I love you too , france . behind france we hear the woman scream : " I love you , Harry ! " the Doctor take Harry 's arm and pull he down the corridor . int . ward - night france turn to face the woman in they cot . collect herself . look repentant . she be practice tomorrow 's speech . france I realize now that I be a very sick woman . women in ward sick ! she 's sick ! france I could not relate to other in a normal way . one patient ( playful warning ) she 's ... not ... normal ...! the other laugh . we realize that if france can handle this , she can sail through it tomorrow . the catcall gradually diminish as she conclude she speech . france and I be not take responsibility for my action . but now , thanks to you treatment , I feel ready to face myself , ready to resume the career which I so single - handedly shattered . I only hope ... I hope I can make you all proud of I . thank you . thank you so much . the room be silent now . a very odd moment . to they astonishment , the other patient seem to believe she ... ext . farmer house - sunny day the vegetable garden be overgrown , the paint peel . the house be in disrepair , but we can tell from the freshly - mow lawn that some effort have recently be make ... a car pull up . france kiss Ernest on the cheek and get out . as he drive off , she walk into the yard and look around , heave a sigh ; she 's home . then Christmas light spring on over the porch . lillian come out grin broadly , follow by reporter . france blanch . int . farmer house - day france sit on the couch next to lillian . they be sip tea and answer question . france be uncomfortable . lillian of course , she have not anything definite in mind . france no . no , it all depend on what offer I get . reporter who do you hair , france ? she touch it shyly . it 's sweep up in a continental style . france well , I like to try different style . sometimes if you be old - fashioned enough , you find you be modern . right , mama ? lillian laugh . reporter what do you think of all this , Mrs. Farmer ? lillian it 's a miracle . just a miracle . ext . farmer house - night the porch light go out . shadows pass over the curtain window . across the street a match flare . Harry be lean against a tree . he light a cigarette and settles back to wait . int . farmer house - live room - night lillian walk from room to room turn off light . france be neatly stack the dessert dish on a tray . very domestic , out of character . she carry the tray into the kitchen . lillian oh , just leave that thing for now . france no , mama , I will take care of it . I will wash they in the morning . lillian smile warmly at she . lillian you know , little sister , I never resent you for refuse to see I in the ... the hospital . I know you have to manage on you own before you could come back . france thank you for understanding , mama . lillian link she arm with france ' and they go upstairs together . lillian Little sister , I do not want you to feel any rush to get back to work . I want you to rest ... for a while anyway . france I will , I promise . they hug each other . lillian good night , dear . lillian wait until france have shut she door before close hers . ext . farmer house - night the front door open and france , suitcase in hand , slip out onto the porch . she ease the door shut behind she , tiptoe down the step and , without look back , start down the road . ext . STREET - night france round the corner , then see he : Harry , stand by he car , smile . harry where to ? france oh Harry ... she approach he tentatively . harry this be it , kid . this be we chance . when you get a chance , you better take it . france yeah . I do not know . harry you do not need to screw around anymore . you do not need dwayne steele or odet or you mother . you need I . france I know , but ... there be so many people in there , Harry . every time I turn around someone be press against I ... watch , look over my shoulder , touch I , grab , stick thing into I . when I feel somebody near I now ... anybody ... my skin start to crawl . Long beat . she turn and stare at he sadly . france you can not change the thing they do to I , Harry . only I can do that ... by myself . he nod slowly . harry be a lot of year , you know . a long time wait . for what ? end up feel like a sap . france oh please , Harry ... do not even think it . you be the only person who ever ... it 's just ... can not you wait for I ? harry I do not know . france ( get frantic ) yes you do . if you love I you can wait , right ? a month , six month , whatever it take . harry right . except ... time have a way of -- france no , Harry , it 's not time , it 's we . you and I . and I be tell you now that I will come to you , okay ? I will find you . I will . harry ( smile wistfully ) I hope so , france . they hug . together for a instant . then she shiver as if the contact be too much . france ( disentangle ) I be sorry . he nod , look at she . harry I will be see you , kid . he turn and walk slowly to he car . ext . highway - dawn barren desert . the middle of nowhere . a lone male hitchhiker , poor , stand at a crossroad . a car come the wrong direction raise dust along the highway . it slow , stop , and let france out . she be now dress in jeans and a workshirt . she have a heavy tan . she glance across at the hitchhiker and nod casually . he respond in kind . a relaxed silence follow . two stranger pass . his voice , when he speak , be gentle , calm : hitchhiker pretty morning . france ( nod ) it 's always beautiful at this time . peaceful ... hitchhiker and no people . france yes . beat . hitchhiker where you goin ' ? france wherever they be go , I be go . hitchhiker yeah , I know what that 's like ... where you be ? france well , I be pick fruit with some migrant worker until ... she stop . she see now that the car head toward she be a cop car . she avert she face ... then try to hide she gesture . hitchhiker what 's the matter ? france sigh as the cop car speed away . hitchhiker they be look for you , huh ? she 's uncertain whether to trust he . take the plunge : france yeah . hitchhiker what would you do ? france you know , I have never be able to figure that out . he laugh . she shiver slightly , pull she clothes around she . he take out a small flask and offer , no string : hitchhiker I have get a little whiskey here , warm you up . she smile , truly grateful : france thank you . then she see a ball of dust near ... a car on he side . france wait . maybe they will pick you up . the car stop . its light flash . cop jump out . france shit ! hitchhiker run ! she do . she 's pursue . the hitchhiker make a effort to impede the cop ' progress , but be toss aside . the cop be slowly , inevitably , gain on she . ext . SMALL town jail - day france and Ernest walk out the door follow by a portly sheriff . he watch they get in Ernest 's car and drive off . his expression say very clearly : I be glad that 's over with . int . car - day Ernest 's at the wheel , france at he side . silence , then : france dad ...? why do not you stop at a side road and let I out ? Ernest writhes slightly with discomfort . ernest francie , you know I can not do that . france why ? it 's such a simple thing . you just let I out and I disappear down a road and you never have to see I again . ernest they will just catch you again , francie . besides , you mother will know . we see they approach a side road . france dad , here ! you do not have to stop , just slow down . you can tell mama I jump out . she know that 's the kind of thing I would do . she will not blame you . ernest but I give she my word . besides , she 's still you legal guardian . my hand be tie . they be nearer the side road . france you know where you be take I . you know what she will do . just give I a minute , slow down , give I a instant for once in you life , please ? ernest please , francie ... france ( plead ) daddy ! they pass the side road . it disappear behind they . all the life seem to drain from france . ernest I will try to protect you , francie . I will , I will talk to she . we will have a real talk . france bury she face in she hand . ernest be you ... be you hungry ? france I pity we , dad . I pity we both . int . farmer house - live room - day lillian be sit on the couch , wait . we hear a car pull up outside and stop . Doors slam . step come up the walk and onto the porch . the door open and france and Ernest enter . lillian rise to face she daughter . france ( coldly ) do I go right away or do I have time to take a bath ? lillian I be hope for a kind word , little sister . france you be hope for a kind word ?! you be my mother ! you be suppose to nourish I ! support I ! lillian I have ! through the window we see a white van pull up outside . france no ! all you have do be try to break my spirit , try to turn I into you ! but I be not you , mother , and I never will be , and thank god for it ! ( to Ernest ) that go for you too ! and frankly , I do not know how , with the two of you , I turn out as sane as I be -- ( to the men in white coat who be at the door ) wait right there , gentleman , I will be with you in a minute ... and believe I , I do not want to stay here one second longer than I have to ! ( turn back ) but I have get to tell you , lillian , that one day before you die , you will realize what you have do and hang you head in shame . in shame ! lillian but what -- ( have I do ? ) france no ! you be not talk now . you listen . you can send I away , lillian , you can pretend I be crazy and pretend I be still you little girl who can not take care of herself , but one thing you can not pretend anymore . you can not pretend I love you because I do not . I can not . not after what you have do to I . because you see ... I be still I ... I be try real hard all this time to be I ... and you , ' little sister ' , you have not be any help at all . ( walk out the door ) okay , boy , I be ready . the way she go out that door we know she 's never come back . int . steilacoom - violent ward - night the ward be a huge room pack with nearly naked woman , they hair cropped very short . the wall be corrugate tin nail to bare wood frame . the place look like a enormous tool shed . the SOUND of garble voice and scream never stop . this be the forget one ... beyond hope . everyone here have lose any notion of what they might have once be . they face be slack , only they eye glow with a animal ferocity . some wander aimlessly about , unheed of other who be push , kick and scream at they . many squat in the dirt by the wall , mire in they own urine and excrement , chant wordlessly to themselves . some appear lifeless , they prone body shove out of the way . some woman be involved in violent sex with themselves or each other , some in mindless fist-fights . in a far corner we see a group of man in various military and medical uniform , they back to we , face the wall , group around something . we hear they cheer and laugh and joke , slapping each other on the back . we slowly move closer and can see over they shoulder the object of they hilarity . it 's france , lie naked and spread - eagle on the floor . four hospital attendant pin she arm and leg . a soldier , he pants down around he ankle , be squirming violently on top of she . france ' eye be open but glaze , she face turn away from she attacker . she be passive and unresist . she be recite to herself , over and over . france we shall hear the angel , we shall see the whole sky all diamond ... two of the soldier , wait they turn , be smoking cigarettes and chat idly . soldier # 1 ... best deal I ever make . twenty buck to fuck a fuckin ' movie star . soldier # 2 yeah , it 's worth it I guess . soldier # 1 what 's she say , anyway ? soldier # 2 who know . she 's crazy , be not she ? france keep recite as one rapist get off . the Soldiers cheer as another quickly take he place . ext . steilacoom - day a heavy snow be fall . from the corrugate - tin violent Ward , a thin white hand protrude from a narrow window to catch a snowflake . as it open and close , capture individual flake , a voice begins to sing " you be my Sunshine ... " . we recognize france ' voice , still surprisingly strong and steady . dissolve to : int . steilacoom - treatment room - day two nurse discuss france ' condition as we see , background , that she be get electroshock treatment from a pair of doctor . older nurse I do not know why they even bother . she 's have enough of this to knock sense into a bull elephant . young nurse yeah ? older nurse ( nod ) I check the file . this one hold the record for shock treatment . four hundred seventeen and no end in sight . young nurse ( wince ) you be kid . older nurse ( indicate the doctor ) yeah , well , you know doctor . they sure hate to use that word . young nurse what ? older nurse ' incurable . ' omitted int . steilacoom - holding ward - day france , barely conscious , lie strapped to a bed . doyle and a orderly approach she . doyle nod toward she as if to say : that one . he and the orderly unstrap she . france ( to doyle ) Harry ? oh Harry , I know you would come . I love you , Harry . I love ... take I home , Harry . doyle we will get you home , france . france thank you , Harry . she 's untied . the orderly help she up onto a gurney . she lie down . doyle nod to the orderly , who start push she . she be wheeled out and down : the hall past other patient , doctor , etc . we see some of this from she point of view . she go through two swinging door , down another hall ... at the end of which a man open a door . she be push onto a : stage she be wheeled into a row ... between two other patient . in the background we hear a voice : dr . harlington ( o.s. ) one merely insert the leucotome beneath the eyelid and press up into the prefrontal lobe , manipulate it so as to sever the nervous connection between the thalamofrontal radiation and the body of the brain . the light be bright , on she and the other patient . we can not see , but we sense , a audience watch . dr . harlington ( o.s. ) because of the speed and simplicity of the operation , I be able , as you be see , to perform the procedure on ten patient in less than a half hour . france stare up at a fan in the ceiling . it 's move round and round . the voice drone on . dr . harlington ( o.s. ) the operation be completely painless and can be perform without any sedative whatsoever . we now see vaguely that dr . harlington have move to the patient on the adjacent gurney . dr . harlington we have always know that this form of radical treatment be effective , but until now it could not be apply on a large scale . the old procedure require a full day 's work by a surgical team to perform a single operation . in the same time , work alone , I can treat fifty . france turn and stare mutely , without emotion , at what 's happen next to she : the leucotome ( a ice- pick - like instrument ) be insert into a woman 's eye socket ... dr . harlington this procedure work best on patient with extreme over- reaction to emotional stimulus . it can also be use as a last resort on that who seem impervious to other form of treatment . the leucotome be then shove up into the brain and twisted . dr . harlington in plain language , my technique sever the nerve which give emotional energy to idea . along with the cure come a loss of affect ... a kind of emotional flatten ... france turn away and stare at the fan again . there be something simple and pleasing about its rhythmic whirring ... dr . harlington ... with diminish creativity and imagination . patient become like good solid cake with no icing . but , after all , it be they emotion and imagination that be disturb . we glimpse the leucotome be withdraw . dr . harlington this patient will soon be leave the hospital . harlington 's face move vaguely into france ' view . dr . harlington lobotomy get them home . he move directly over france , he pleasant face obscure the fan . as the leucotome descend , we : CUT to : ext . farmer house - day total disrepair : peel paint , break step , fall shingles ... this house be ease slowly back to nature ... int . farmer house - live room - day neglect be just as evident inside . Dust , fade rug , tear yellow curtain . lillian sit on the couch stare out a window . she have age and look tiny , frail , with no trace of she old formidability . the scrapbook be open on she lap . lillian what be I say ? oh yes , it be the Communists that do it to france . Ernest be hunch in a chair by the stone fireplace . four reporter crouch on the floor , totally bored . yesterday 's headline be now old news . lillian they capture the mind by first seduce the heart . I suppose I never teach france to close she heart ... two Reporters rise and edge toward the door . reporter uh ... excuse we , Mrs. Farmer . we be go to have to ... uh ... third reporter ( rise ) yeah , I better pack it in too . lillian ( distractedly ) pardon ? oh , would you like more lemonade ? the last reporter get to he foot . FOURTH reporter ( kindly ) I think we have have enough . thank you , Mrs. Farmer . Goodbye . he follow the other out . lillian climb wearily to she foot and go to the window , look out . Ernest stare into the fire . lillian you know , Ernie , I think we should have france ' room repaint for when she come home . that will brighten she day . Ernest look at she wearily , as if she be stark rave mad . he know damn well france be not come home ... fade in on : a television screen against a dark background the show be " this be you life " . we see a smile ralph edward , read from a large black book . next to he stand france . she have age dramatically , but be still a very handsome woman . she seem uncomfortable . edward ... dwayne steele divorced you , and from this point on , you story take a darker turn . shun by the Hollywood you criticize so harshly , alienate from you family and friend , you turn you back on professional commitment in New York , and alcohol and drug enter you life . this be sad , desperate time for you . throughout this , france ' jaw work slowly back and forth , not from anger , but in embarrassment and doubt . edward ... until finally you mother find it necessary to commit you to a state mental institution . be you mentally ill , france ? france ... no , Ralph . I do not believe I ever be sick . but when you be treat like a patient long enough , you be apt to act like one ... we move away from the screen to see that the tv set be in the live room of a comfortable , tastefully furnish home . on the couch in front of the set sit Harry York . he still look athletic , young for he age . tear stream down he cheek . edward ( o.s. ) be you a alcoholic ? france ( o.s. ) no. edward ( o.s. ) be you a drug addict ? france ( o.s. ) no. never . on the screen Edwards have move france over to a seating area where various people from france ' life be wait , smile at she . we have never see any of they before . edward ... and over 200 producer have be invite to watch you appearance here tonight ... so who know , france Farmer , anything 's possible on you comeback trail ! ( indicate seating area ) and since you friend tell I they have to drive you everywhere , look what we have get for you ! the curtain behind they open to reveal a car in a spotlight . edward a brand new 1958 edsel ! the audience applaud . france smile guardedly . france thank you , Ralph . edward thank you , france . and after the show we be host a reception for you and you friend at Hollywood 's own Roosevelt Hotel ! applause . edward so , france Farmer , this be you life . good night . God bless you . the audience applaud . france smile wearily and accept congratulation . ext . roosevelt HOTEL - hollywood - day a group of people be come down the front step , france among they . they all talk happily , france be silent but smile . woman where shall we drop you , france ? Home ? france ( vaguely ) no ... no , someone 's pick I up . the people all excuse themselves , call goodbye . france wait by herself for a few moment , but soon begin to walk away down the sidewalk . harry ( o.s. ) hey . she turn . Harry be lean against the side of a building , look much as he do when they first meet . but there be very little light of recognition in france ' eye . harry c'mere . I want to talk to you . france ( flatly ) oh. why , Harry York . how nice to see you . Harry be a little puzzle by she reaction . harry how ... how ya doin ' , Farmer ? france Fine , thank you . do you watch the show ? harry sure I do , that 's why I be here . france ( concerned ) how do I look ? harry oh , you ... ( smile ) ... ennh . france ( a glimmer , but she do not pick up on the cue ) well ... you be look well . they be both silent a long moment . france I get a new car . only it 's red . do you know mama die ? harry yeah . yeah , I hear about that . france dad , too . I sell the house . I be a faceless sinner , Harry ... harry why do you say that ? france I would ask you to take I home , but I be a faceless sinner . ( she smile ) ... you smell good , Harry . familiar , you know ? I would ask you to take I home , but ... Harry be alarmed now . harry ( take she by the arm ) france ! she angrily bare she tooth ; then just as suddenly she relax and become lucid . france do not get mad at I , Harry . please . it 's just ... some thing happen for the best . beat . she take he hand as if to shake it . Harry clasp hers tenderly . she hold on like a old woman , stroking he hand . for a instant she get lose in time , just hold he hand . then she look up . france it 's go to be slow from now on . do you know what I mean , Harry ? harry I be not sure . france very slow . ( uncertainly ) but we be not go to stop , be we ? harry no . france ( reassure ) no , we be not . it be as if she be able to express in word the last remnant of she indomitable will ... but the word bear no emotional power . france Goodbye , Harry . it be very good to see you again . harry yes . would you like I to walk a little way with you ? france that would be okay . harry just a little way . he offer he arm . she take it . all rather formal . they stroll on together . fade to black : the end