frankenweenie written by John August whirs and hum . the screen flicker . splice pop through the gate . and then , today 's feature film : monster from beyond ! the title card be make from cut cardboard , and very blurry . mom ( o.s. ) Victor , I do not know that it 's ... victor ( o.s. ) Mom , you have to wear the glass . mom ( o.s. ) oh ! yes of course . thick frame slide past . now we be look at the title card in real 3d . it 's very homemade , but charmingly do . the next card : starring sparky dad in 3d honey . reveal that we be ... int . live room - day Victor 's mom and dad share the couch with sparky the dog , 30 - odd pound of canine goodness . they be watch the homemade movie through vintage 3d glass . behind they run two projector , manned by the filmmaker himself , victor . he 's more mad scientist than film auteur -- he build this twin projector system himself . mom so that 's where my candlestick go . dad oh , be not that you grandmother 's table cloth . mom that look great ! January 2012 final shoot script_2012_01_18_v2 2 back to the screen the pterodactyl swoops across town . people run in fear and panic . the monster attack ! dad oh that be so ... woah ! I just feel I be attack . mom oh . that 's scary . troops and tank spring into action . dad send in the marine ! army figure over here man . this way . to no avail . mom oh ! watch out ! dad whoah ! enter sparkysaurus mom sparky ! dad sparky that 's you ! sparky bark as he see himself in the movie . mom oh ! dad you tell they ' sparky . sparky defeat the monster and the troops and townsfolk rejoice . dad bravo ! suddenly , one of the projector jam on a splice . the film melt , then the tail whip around , get snare in the second projector 's reel . the two machine smash together in a shower of spark . mom oh ! oh ! January 2012 final shoot script_2012_01_18_v2 3 dad um. maybe just unplug it . sparky yank the power cord from the wall . the bulb dim . the spin stop . darkness for a moment , then Victor flick on the light switch . mom well it certainly be exciting ! dad yeah , it be a big finish . well do son . victor I can fix this . c'mon boy ! CUT to : int . house / stairwell - day Victor lug the two projector upstairs . sparky follow behind . dad ( o.s. ) all that time he spend up there . a boy he age need to be outside with he friend . mom ( o.s. ) I do not know that Victor have friend , dear . other than sparky . int . bedroom hallway - day Victor walk up the stair into the attic . sparky be right behind . dad ( o.s. ) that 's my point ! I do not want he to turn out , y'know , weird . mom ( o.s ) there 's nothing wrong with Victor . he 's just in he own world . music rise as we finally enter ... January 2012 final shoot script_2012_01_18_v2 4 int . attic workshop - day MAIN title begin , as Victor carry the projector up into he attic workshop . sparky follow at he foot and they pass various invention and movie set piece that cram every corner of this slope - roof wonderland . Victor disassemble the projector , nimbly swapping piece in and out . sparky happily trot on a little treadmill Victor design . he stop to scratch himself and slide out of frame . he bound back a second later and try to get Victor to play with he by lick he face . Victor easy boy . Victor finish he tinkering and splice the break film . satisfied , he snap the reel back on the projector and start to roll it again . on the reel of the projector we - dissolve to : ext . town - morning tight on the wheel of the paper boy 's bicycle we pull out to reveal the suburban paradise of New Holland . it 's a sea of cookie-cutter house on cul - de-sac would street name after tree . the town come complete with its own ersatz dutch windmill , which lazily turn on the hillside above . a bike -riding paperboy deliver the morning news . ext . victor' house / STREET - morning sparky run out the front door and grab the newspaper for dad . dad kiss Mom goodbye . dad see you later , sweetie . mom have a good day ! dad head to he car . sparky pick up the newspaper in he mouth , then trot back to the house , where Victor be wait . January 2012 final shoot script_2012_01_18_v2 5 mom Victor ! come on honey you go to be late . go put sparky in the backyard . victor come on sparky ! Victor take sparky around to the side of the house . he throw a ball for sparky which land on the edge of he neighbour meticulous garden lawn . victor good morning , Mr. burgemeister ! next-door neighbor burgemeister be trimming he box hedge . the Mayor of New Holland , burgemeister be slightly ocd and largely insufferable . burgemeister you dog have be sniff around my dutch dazzler . the other day I catch he pee on my flamingo . victor I will keep a eye on he . burgemeister you better . victor yes sir . Victor continue to walk to the backyard . victor go on sparky . that 's right . good boy . sparky trot after Victor . Victor put he in the back yard and wave good bye . victor see you later ! burgemeister pick up he own newspaper and unfold it to read the front page . insert newspaper : the headline read " mayor burgermeister to kick off dutch day . " a photo show Mayor burgemeister complete with sash and hat . burgemeister be pleased with the photo . wider : a girl Victor 's age try to sneak out of the house behind burgemeister . January 2012 final shoot script_2012_01_18_v2 6 this be elsa van helsing . she 's a raven-haire fourth - grader with the soul of a poet . with eye in the back of he head ... burgemeister where do you think you be go ? she freeze . elsa School . he turn to face she . burgemeister be that so . what about that dog of yours ? elsa she 's not in the house and she 's away from you tulip . burgemeister I want you to remember something , while you parent be away I be in charge here . elsa yes , uncle Bob . burgemeister dutch Day be come up and I do not need any trouble . how 's you song come ? elsa okay . burgemeister keep at it . dutch day be a big day for I . elsa yes sir . he 's finish . have nothing more to say . elsa walk away , happy to be out of that conversation . burgemeister go back to admire he photo in the newspaper . January 2012 final shoot script_2012_01_18_v2 7 int . classroom - day mr . rzykruski stand at the blackboard , where he 's write he name . he have a thick , impossible - to- place accent , somewhere between a Russian spy and dracula . mr. rzykruski good morning child . I be Mr. rzykruski . I will be you new science teacher . apparently , Mr. holcum have a incident . Edgar interject : E he get hit by lightning . this be news to Mr. rzykruski . the rest of the class , include Victor and every child we have meet so far , already know . mr. rzykruski well . that be bad . but he do not get " hit by " lightning . lightn do not hit a person , the way one be hit by a baseball or a cabbage . on the blackboard , he draw a diagram to illustrate he point , start with a big cloud . mr. rzykruski lightn be simply electricity . the cloud be angry , yes , make storm . all the electron be say , " I be leave you . I go to land of opportunity . " he draw the ground beneath it . mr. rzykruski the ground say , " yes , we need electron train in science just like you . come ! come ! welcome ! " so both side start to build a ladder . ( draw stick figure ) this man , he come out to look at the storm . he do not see the invisible ladder . when the two ladder meet , boom ! the circuit be complete and all of the electron rush to the land of opportunity . this man be in the way . yiii ! January 2012 final shoot script_2012_01_18_v2 8 he draw " shock line " all around the stick figure . it 's pretty violent . all of the student be watch in wide - eye wonder . realizing that he may have go overboard ... mr. rzykruski but be very rare to have such incident . Victor raise he hand . toshiaki but it 's not rare . lightn happen to people all the time here . there 's a thunderstorm almost every night . bob my dad get hit twice . weird girl they build New Holland on a abandon gold mine ... toshiaki I hear it be a cemetery . weird girl that 's where they bury the miner . nassor it 's the windmill that do it . reveal a view of the windmill through the classroom window . we push in on nassor , the intense look in he eye . nassor turn , turn the air until the sky itself rage against the night . a beat . weird girl no. Cemetery . definitely . ext . back yard - day sparky amusing himself while Victor be at school by play with a tennis ball . January 2012 final shoot script_2012_01_18_v2 9 but " catch " do not work too well without Victor and the ball roll through a break plank in the bottom of Mr burgemeister 's fence . assume it be lose forever , sparky sit dejectedly look at the fence until he be startle to see the ball suddenly roll back towards he . he bark and go to investigate . another dog bark back . surprise , sparky back off . there 's not usually a dog next door . he bark . a answering bark . he sniff the fence thoroughly . as he reach the break plank , he nose touch another dog's nose . he jump back . lies low in the grass to peer through . on the other side of the fence be a similarly - size poodle name persephone -- elsa 's dog . she 's beautiful . she drop the ball on the grass , stare back . sparky suddenly roll over on he back , completely submissive . persephone grab the ball and run away . sparky pop up , look after she . int . CLASS - day the bell ring . student head for the door . mr. rzykruski student on you way out , take a permission slip for the Science Fair . nassor take a form . read it . they be intrigue but do not understand . bob ( per the form ) first prize be a huge trophy ! January 2012 final shoot script_2012_01_18_v2 10 ext . school / bike rack - day close on Victor , kneel as he lock he bike to the rack . a shadow fall across he . he look up to see weird girl stand over he . she have a fluffy white cat in she arm , which she stroke idly like a James bond villain . weird girl hello , Victor . victor hi. weird girl Mr. whisker have a dream about you last night . victor how do you know ? weird girl because this morning , he make this . she hold out what look to be a small rope of dry clay , bent in shape of a V. victor do you get that out of the litter box ? weird girl it 's a omen . flash CUT : ext . various location - day [ past ] weird girl ( v.o. ) last month he dream about Bob . she show bob , a chubby classmate , a cat - poop ` B . ' in a stylized , overlapping split - screen , we see Bob walk down a sidewalk , eat a ice-cream cone . weird girl ( v.o. ) he fall in a manhole . Bob suddenly drop out of frame . tilt down to see the open manhole . January 2012 final shoot script_2012_01_18_v2 11 weird girl ( v.o. ) he dream about toshiaki the day he pitch a perfect game . weird girl show classmate toshiaki a cat-poop ` T . ' wearing a baseball cap , toshiaki stare intently , ready to make he pitch . weird girl ( v.o. ) ... and nassor the day he get knock unconscious . nassor , a intense boy with sinister eye , pull down a catcher 's mask . a slit of light on he eye . toshiaki throw . the ball hit nassor square on the mask , knock he down . ext . school / bike rack - day weird girl if Mr. whisker dream about you , it mean something big be go to happen . she offer he the " V . " victor you can keep it . the class bell ring . side-stepp around she , Victor head in to class . she hold the cat to she face . weird girl one day you will dream about I , will not you kitty ? Mr. whisker offer nothing . ext . town - day Victor hop off he bike and go into the backyard where sparky have be wait for he to come home . victor hey boy . how you do ? suddenly the backyard gate burst open . E you will be my partner , right , Victor ? ( more ) January 2012 final shoot script_2012_01_18_v2 12 E ( cont 'd ) because you have to have a partner for the science fair and whoever 's you partner be go to win . you know the most about science . so pick I as a partner . I have lot of idea . we could make a death ray ! Victor hold up a permission slip , which list all the prohibit project , include explosive , laser , nuclear device and death ray . victor it say no death ray . see ? E ah , man . I still want to do it . ( and yet ... ) c'mon . who else would be you partner ? you do not have friend and neither do I . he have a point . Victor give in . victor I be sorry Edgar . I just do not need a partner . I like to work alone . int . dine room - day dad be examine the permission slip . Mom be bring food in from the kitchen -- they be have fondue . victor will you sign my permission slip ? mom dinner 's ready . dad Victor , have I ever talk to you about what I do for a live ? victor you be a travel agent . dad I sell dream . I tell people , you can sail to Italy . you can do the hula in Hawaii . victor will you sign my form ? dad I be get to that . January 2012 final shoot script_2012_01_18_v2 13 victor okay . dad pick up two long fondue fork , use they to illustrate he point . dad in my job , sometimes you have people who do not want quite the same thing , right . say the husband want to play golf in Scotland , but the wife want to paddle down the amazon . alright you have get two conflict idea here . ( hold fork apart ) and it 's my job , Victor , to help they meet halfway . say , Scottsdale , Arizona . he get to golf , she get Indians . mom but there 's no river . and no jungle . victor nobody get what they want . dad exactly . and wrong . they both get what they want because they compromise . dad skewer meat on he fork , continue he metaphor . Victor be shrimp ; dad be beef . dad you would like to do this science fair . and that 's great . I would like you to try a sport . say , I do not know , baseball . Science fair , baseball . Science fair , baseball . how do you choose ? guess what ? you do not have to . no reason you can not do both . you meet in the middle . ( bring fork together ) everyone 's happy . ext . baseball field - day Victor be stand on the side of the baseball field with he dad who be head coach . sparky be there aswell to support Victor . toshiaki be pitching . nassor be catch . January 2012 final shoot script_2012_01_18_v2 14 dad look at what toshiaki 's do . keeping he eye on the target . never lose he concentration . toshiaki pitch and the batter miss . nassor catch the ball . gym teacher Strike three ! next batter ! camera pan to find Mr. rzykruski -- who be simply in Victor 's imagination . mr. rzykruski I want you to concentrate on you project for the science fair . we continue to pan past Mr ryzkruski and come back onto Victor try in vain to keep focus on the game . toshiaki wind up for the pitch . ext . baseball field - day Victor 's Mom be in the stand for the big game -- along with all the kid we have meet so far , and many of the adult . sparky be completely take by the ball and he eye follow it around the field . mom come on honey ! toshiaki pitch again and as Victor swing to hit the ball sparky leap up catch the ball mid jump . the other kid snigger . toshiaki Nice catch sparky . dad come on Victor , please . tie sparky up and get you head into the game . gym teacher time out ! Victor take sparky to the bleacher and tie he up . victor sorry boy . he walk back onto the field . elsa arrive at the bleacher with persephone . January 2012 final shoot script_2012_01_18_v2 15 elsa hey sparky . she sit on the bleacher with persephone to watch the game . sparky look over admiringly at persephone . gym teacher play ball . Victor swing for the ball again . and miss . gym teacher Strike one . dad Nice try son . once again Victor remember wise word of Mr ryzkruski . int . classroom - continuous Mr. rzykruski stand in front of the classroom black board . mr. rzykruski when conduct a experiment , try be the important thing . it be ok to fail as long as you keep try . ext . baseball field - day back on the field at the bleacher weird girl arrive with Mr whisker . she sit by elsa and peresphone . they exchange a glance . mom come on Victor - you can do it ! toshiaki pitch again and again Victor miss . gym teacher Strike two ! toshiaki yes . mom come on honey ! elsa , weird girl and Mr whisker will Victor on . this time when Victor swing - he hit ! January 2012 final shoot script_2012_01_18_v2 16 he almost forget to run until sparky bark at he . dad ( cont 'd ) Victor run ! sparky pull on he lead and it work loose . the ball roll out of the park . sparky go after it , he stubby leg bound . mom oh sparky ! ext . STREET - day the ball roll into the street and sparky manage to grab it in he mouth . proud of himself , sparky turn to look back at Victor . just then ... a car screech up at he . sparky react . we CUT away as the car hit . ext . baseball field - day every player , every kid , every parent be stunne . horrify . we end close on Victor . victor sparky ! noooooo ! ext . pet cemetery - evening dad bury a wooden box . Victor watch at the grave side , devastate . his Mom and dad give he a quiet moment to grieve . ext . backyard - evening persephone nudge the tennis ball through the gap in the fence . she 's wait for sparky . disappointed , she leave the ball and slowly walk away . int . bedroom - evening Victor lie in bed , stare up at the ceiling . Mom and dad sit on the edge of the bed , try to comfort he . January 2012 final shoot script_2012_01_18_v2 17 mom he be a great dog . a great friend . dad the best dog a kid could have . mom when you lose someone you love , they never really leave you . they just move into a special place in you heart . he will always be there , Victor . victor I do not want he in my heart . I want he here , with I . mom I know . if we could bring he back , we would . Mom kiss Victor goodnight and turn to leave . mom try and get some sleep sweet heart - thing will seem better in the morning . int . attic workshop - evening in he attic workshop , Victor be finish work on he projector . he thread the film and start it play . sparky -saurus be attack the pterodactyl . Victor smile for a moment , then the sadness return . dissolve to : Victor 's sadness remain as we travel through a change scene around he - in he bedroom , at breakfast , in the car on the way to school and finally in the classroom . match CUT to : int . CLASS - day back at school Victor be despondent . unable to concentrate , he doodle picture of sparky in he notebook and barely listen to the lecture . mr. rzykruski just like lightning , the nervous system be electricity . ( more ) January 2012 final shoot script_2012_01_18_v2 18 mr. rzykruski ( cont 'd ) we be wire and spring and cable to send the message . " Foot ! move ! you be stand in the fire ! " Mr. ryzkruski lift up a plate with a cloth on . he reveal a dead frog . child eww ! mr. rzykruski even after death , the wiring remain . watch as the muscle respond to the electricity . Mr ryzkruski place the frog onto he desk and begin to hook a electrode to its leg . the wiring be attach to a small box that can generate a electric charge . Mr ryzkruski now attaches the electrode to the frog 's leg and , with a flip of a switch , turn on the electricity - the frog leg jump up as if alive ! and so do Victor . he look back and forth between Mr. ryzkruski 's demonstration and he doodle of sparky . a idea . Victor burst out of the school door and start to run home . ext . neighborhood - day Victor run through the street on he way home . ext . victor' house - day he run into the garage and grab a whole lot of tool , gear and equipment . int . victor' house - day Victor raid the kitchen for some household appliance . Mom sit on the couch read and only barely register what he be up to . mom hi Victor , how be school ? January 2012 final shoot script_2012_01_18_v2 19 victor ok . Victor head upstairs with a box of the appliance he have just collect . ext . pet cemetery - night a full moon . hooting owl . over the top of the fence , we see a shovel blade move past . the shovel dig into the soft earth . again . and again . Victor be digging up sparky 's grave . it 's tough work , especially because he 's try to be quiet . a black cat perches on a nearby gravestone . screech . spook , Victor wave he off . he 's uncover the box . he open it and gingerly load the wrap bundle into shoulder . int . live room - night Victor 's parent be sit on the couch watch a movie . though the movie be not really scary , Mom look for any excuse to snuggle closer to she husband . he playfully encourage it and put he arm around she to pull she closer . as Victor sneak behind they , carry the wrap corpse , he inadvertently knock into a lamp cause it to flicker . dad turn and see what 's back there but can not see Victor who be hide , freeze , just out of sight . dad turn back to the tv . relieved , Victor tiptoe past they , head for the stair . int . attic laboratory - night extremely close on the eye of a needle . thread push through . Victor be make repair to sparky 's corpse . we do not see any of it directly , just shadow on the wall . he rummages through a bucket of nut and screw , pick two oversize bolt . January 2012 final shoot script_2012_01_18_v2 20 he place sparky onto Mom 's irone board and push it directly under the skylight . the storm be just reach a fever pitch . as hopeful music rise , Victor climb a ladder out the window where we see that he have attach he metal swing set to the roof . Victor check the wind direction and let fly two balloon attach to the umbrella and fasten the end to the swing set . this will serve as the conductor . ext . burgemeisteras house - night burgemeister be draw he drape shut when he see the movement on the frankenstein roof . he can not make out Victor , but it 's enough to make he suspicious . int . attic laboratory - night Victor climb down and check he note and he equipment . we see a whole host of household item that Victor have be - purpose to become part of he elaborate apparatus . - a series of Mom 's colander and pan and appliance , - a old fish tank , - some bob Christmas reindeer all serve as unlikely component of he grand experiment . he have also erect a series of pulley so that he can hoist sparky up through the sky light . Victor can hear the storm raging and know that it be now or never . he pet sparky 's lifeless form one last time for courage . he turn to a old schwinn bicycle mount on a stand and start the wheel spin . one by one the appliance start to whir and come alive . Victor then begin to hoist sparky up through the sky light . the rain be beat down and the lightning be get more intense . the metal table finally reach he rest spot under the swing set . now all he can do be wait . he watch the storm intently , silently urging Zeus ' thunderbolt to strike . and then ... January 2012 final shoot script_2012_01_18_v2 21 crack ! a jag finger of light touch the top of the balloon , racing down the cord and into the attic - Zapping sparky with a thousand volt . Victor remove he goggle , and spring right to action cranking down the metal table , eager to see if it work . all of the appliance power down and grind to a halt . the room go silent . he swing the table over to the workbench . wearing a stethoscope , he listen for a heartbeat . hear nothing , he keep check . but he eventually realize it have all be for naught . he lay he head down on the workbench , let out exhaust , sniffly tear . victor I be sorry , boy . a beat . as a single tear drip onto sparky 's lifeless form , we hear a final spark and then ... his tail start to move and - his tongue lick Victor face . Victor sit up , bewilder . it 's sparky , still half - wrap in the blanket . victor you be alive ! you be alive ! sparky ! you be alive ! I can not believe it you be alive ! sparky can not control how happy he be and knock Victor to the group . he enthusiastically lick he face and wag he tail so excitedly that it fly clear across the room . for a moment , he look worried but Victor just laugh . victor I can fix that . Victor and sparky play on the attic floor excited to be back together . victor it work . it really work . January 2012 final shoot script_2012_01_18_v2 22 int . attic workshop - day Victor be sleep on the floor , share a blanket with sparky . mom ( o.s. ) Victor ! int . bedroom - day Victor 's Mom open the door to find Victor 's bed empty . pretty sure where he must be ... mom Victor ! Breakfast ! int . attic workshop - day sparky lick Victor 's face waking he up . he sit up , rub he eye . int . attic stair - day Mom be walk up the stair to the attic look for Victor . mom Victor ? be you up here ? int . attic workshop - day Victor hear he Mom climb the step and panic . victor ssssh ! quiet down boy ! ssssh ! mom ( o.s. ) Victor ? Victor pick up sparky and carry he around a curtain to the back of the attic . victor sparky ! sssh ! quiet . Mom enter but can not see Victor and sparky behind the curtain . mom ( o.s. ) Victor ? look around for somewhere to hide sparky , Victor finally grab a big tin bucket and put it over sparky just as - January 2012 final shoot script_2012_01_18_v2 23 Mom pull the curtain back . mom french toast or waffle ? victor Waffles . mom then I will need my waffle iron back , Mr. director . spot she waffle iron amid the leftover set decoration , she head right for sparky . the bucket suddenly move , shifting away . she look at Victor . think quick : victor it 's my science project . it 's a robot . mom a robotic bucket ? victor yes . mom for mop , I suppose . victor yes . mom then maybe when you be finish , you will let I use it . she take she waffle iron and head back downstairs . Victor close the curtain , then lift the bucket off sparky . victor sorry , boy , but I can not let anyone know about you . they may not understand . so you need to stay here today . Victor kiss sparky and head out of the attic . sparky rest he head on he paw , deject . January 2012 final shoot script_2012_01_18_v2 24 ext . house - day Victor walk down the sidewalk to school . he look up at the open attic window , nervous to be leave sparky alone . burgemeister watch it , there ! Victor stop , realize he 's step off the sidewalk , and have almost nudge the edge of one of burgemeister 's tulip . victor I be sorry . I be really sorry . burgemeister glare at he suspiciously . he do not trust this kid and suspect that something weird be go on . int . live room - day [ later ] Mom be vacuume while read a book . she 's quite practice at it . int . attic workshop - day sparky be drink from he water bowl . as he do , water leak from he seam . he hear a long meow . it 's Mr. whisker , weird girl 's cat and it 's perch in the open attic window . sparky bark at it . Mom switch off the vacuum . do she hear bark ? mom no. could not be . she start up the vacuum again . int . attic workshop - day sparky jump up on a chair , then onto the workbench . lunge for the cat -- ext . house / roof - day -- and go right through the window . he land on the steeply - slope roof and slide down the shingles , fall ... January 2012 final shoot script_2012_01_18_v2 25 int . live room - day ... right past the picture window . fortunately , Mom be so engross in she book that she do not see he and she continue she vacuume . ext . house - day sparky land in the driveway and Mr whisker watch he from on top of the car . when he move to make a run for it , sparky be in hot pursuit . ext . burgemeister be yard - day sparky chase the cat through the tulip , smash they . Mr whisker bound on top of one of Mr. burgemeister 's flamingos and think he be safely out of sparky 's reach . he smugly start to groom himself , but the single stand leg start to buckle . the flamingo collapse into a heap , spilling the cat onto the perfectly manicure flower , destroy everything . the cat and sparky run past the house and into the neighbor 's backyard just as Mr burgemeister look out the window to see he destroy garden . ext bob be house - continuous Mr whisker leap onto a garbage can , and clamber up onto the roof to safety . sparky unable to follow be distract by a fly buzzing around the knock over garbage can . he gulp it down and then suddenly stop . he feel a funny tickle in he throat , neck and tummy before the fly emerge from the stitches on he side . sparky continue to chase the fly into Bob 's yard where Bob 's Mom be hang out the laundry . as she turn , she see sparky 's shadow cast on a bed sheet . the shadow be double he size and he tooth look huge . Bob 's Mom think it 's a hideous monster and run scream into the house . bob' mother what ! * scream * sparky can not understand why she be so upset but he just head out on he way . January 2012 final shoot script_2012_01_18_v2 26 ext . suburban STREET / sidewalk - day two mom sit on a park bench talk , while they toddler nap in they stroller . first woman I know , and helen say she think he be put up some kind of tv antenna on top of the roof ! second woman in the middle of a thunderstorm ? first woman that 's what she say ! neither mother notice as sparky trot up . one of the baby start to fall asleep and drop he pacifier on the floor . second mother and do you get that big power surge in the night ? Jack think it be a fuse box but apparently it effect the whole neighbourhood . the baby look round and see sparky guilelessly suck on the pacifier . second mother ( o.s. ) sometimes I wonder just what go on in that house . I just do not feel safe walk by there . see sparky up close , the baby be horrify . it scream . first woman sweetie be you ok ? here you go . sparky hide under the bench out of sight as the first woman try to calm she little one and pop the pacifier back in the baby mouth . second mother so anyway Jack love it here but if the school be not so great sometimes I wonder if we would be better of ... both mommy get up and start to walk away they do not notice sparky cower under the bench . January 2012 final shoot script_2012_01_18_v2 27 ext . near the school - day sparky trot past the front of the school as the school bell ring . sparky head for the garbage can around the back . on he way home , E walk behind the cafeteria and see sparky sniff around the garbage can . he can not believe he eye . E sparky ? sparky stop short and look right at E before run off home . E 's eye narrow . be not sparky suppose to be dead ? we end on a shot of E , hatching a plan . ext . backyard - day sparky arrive home and head straight to the backyard fence to see if persephone be around . see that she be , he peek he head through the break slate . persephone be overjoy but she seem to know that there 's something different about he . sparky be so excited to see she he push he head through the hole and get he bolt stick on the fence . persephone come over to get a closer look and sniff at he cautiously . he smell a little funny but he seem to be the same old sparky until she focus on the bolt stick out of he neck . cautiously , she lick one , and get zapped ! the force of the spark send sparky back through the fence and into he own yard . persephone be throw clear across she garden . as she woozily get back up , she turn and we see that she now have a bride of frankenstein stripe in she hair ! ext . house - day Victor cycle home after school . he throw he bike on the lawn and head straight inside . int . live room - day Mom be lie on the couch , read one of she book . January 2012 final shoot script_2012_01_18_v2 28 mom hi Victor . how be school ? victor goodgottago. he 's head up the stair just as sparky walk through the front door , follow a few step behind . int . attic workshop - day Victor enter the attic , look for ... victor sparky ? hear no answer , he walk in further . he check behind the curtain . victor sparky ? slight panic creep into Victor 's voice before sparky sneak in behind he and nudge he leg . victor there you be . good boy ! relieved , Victor kneel down and pet he lovingly . victor sorry you have to stay here alone all day . sparky just keep panting , not revealing a thing . he start to slow down come to a rest at Victor foot . victor what 's the matter boy ? be you ok ? hmmm . you be a little low . be you hungry , boy ? sparky sigh . victor alright , here let top you up . Victor run a extension cord from the wall and clip they to sparky 's bolt . as he switch the plug on , sparky 's eye glow a bit . sparky brighten up and bark . mom ( o.s. ) Victor ! could you come down here please ? Victor switch the plug off and head downstairs . January 2012 final shoot script_2012_01_18_v2 29 int . kitchen - day Victor be take by surprise as enter the kitchen to find Edgar sit at the counter . Edgar look particularly smug as Mom be busy herself in the kitchen . mom Victor you friend be here . victor Edgar ? E hey ! victor Edgar . what be you do here ? E I know . victor what ? E I know . victor know what ? E you know . victor no . E I think I know what you know I know . victor look , I do not know what you think I know , but I do not know it . Mom exit the kitchen and Edgar lean in , barely able to hide he excitement . E you dog be alive . Victor look shocked and check to see if Mom have go . victor that 's impossible . E I know . I know it be so impossible but you do it . you do it . January 2012 final shoot script_2012_01_18_v2 30 Victor stall , try to think of a explanation . E so show I how , or I will tell everyone . oh Mrs frankenstein ... victor ssssh ! Mom come back into the kitchen . E .. May I have a cookie please ? mom oh - yes . of course . victor alright . come on . Victor reluctantly agree and beckon Edgar to follow he up to the attic . int . attic workshop - day sparky and E watch as Victor draw he finding on the chalkboard for E . it 's a mess of symbol and variable , all connect by arrow . victor I think the wind and the lightning be part of the same thing , some kind of strange force . but the wind be not strong enough to bring a animal back from the dead . for that , you need lightning . E so when can I do it ? victor you can not . this be not a experiment . it 's my dog . E show and tell Victor : you show I and I will not tell . int . pet store - day E stare into a tank of swim goldfish , the pet store owner appear next to he . pet store owner can I help you young man ? January 2012 final shoot script_2012_01_18_v2 31 E I would like to buy a fish . pet store owner certainly . which one ? E this one . he point to one float belly - up at the top of the tank . int . attic workshop - night E plop the dead fish into a small jar of water , already attach to electrode and the metal table . Victor and E crank the gear , open the roof to the stormy night sky . the table rise into position as the lightning rod telescope out . E what do we do now ? Victor grab E and throw he to the floor . sparky find cover behind a mirror . crack ! boom ! the table crank back down into the attic . the roof door fold shut . Victor and E race over to the jar . close on E as he look into the little jar . the fish be go . E what happen to it ? what do you do ? victor I do not know . it should have work . Victor lean in to look close . suddenly , the water ripple . a plop . then the jar rattle around on its rim , knock about from within . Victor find a steampunk - ish flashlight with different lense that spin in front of the bulb . as he hold it close to the jar , we see what appear to be a transperant fish skeleton swim around . January 2012 final shoot script_2012_01_18_v2 32 victor ( in wonderment ) it 's invisible . it 's a invisible goldfish . E why be it invisible ? victor I have no idea . sparky growl at the jar . ext . front door - night the nightly storm have end . it 's now just a bit of distant rumbling . E be carry the jar with the invisible goldfish . victor you can not tell anyone . you understand that , right ? not until we figure out how it work . E okay ! okay ! victor promise . E promise . we see E crossing he finger behind he back . CUT to : ext . bob be garage - night toshiaki and Bob stand in the door way of the garage examine E 's jar with healthy skepticism . toshiaki how be we suppose to see a invisible goldfish ? E put you finger in . you can feel it . toshiaki and Bob trade a look -- this feel like a prank . but with a shrug , Bob do . nothing . he swirl he finger around . January 2012 final shoot script_2012_01_18_v2 33 and then ... bob aaah ! he yank he finger out . bob it bit I . toshiaki let I see it . toshiaki take the jar from E . he walk over to a table and place the jar down . he shine a table lamp through the jar . the invisible goldfish cast a shadow on the wall . in the shadow , you can see it actually have jurassic-sized tooth . it 's pretty scary . toshiaki / bob * gasp * toshiaki turn off the lamp and take a closer look at the jar . E take the jar back . screw on the lid . E it 's my science project and it 's top secret . toshiaki look over to Bob and give he a flick of the head . Bob take the hint and start to push E out of the garage . bob yeah , well , we science fair project be even cooler . E what be it ? toshiaki double top secret . toshiaki pull the garage door shut in Edgar 's face . CUT to : int . toshiaki be garage - night toshiaki and Bob take a critical look at they science fair project : sea monkey - the truth revealed ! January 2012 final shoot script_2012_01_18_v2 34 bob Sea monkey . we gotta come up with something better . bigger . toshiaki I know . bob the science fair be in two day ! toshiaki I know . bob you be the smart one . toshiaki I know ! a long beat . toshiaki 's eye narrow . he stare at Bob and he gaze then move to the poster above Bob 's head , it 's a rocket poster . toshiaki have a idea . transition to : int . attic workshop - day sparky be desperate to play with Victor in the attic . Victor try to quieten he down . victor ok , ok , sit still . ssssh ! sparky . no ! sssh . no! sssh . Victor tie up sparky . victor sorry , boy . but we can not risk anyone see you again . Victor start to leave , he turn at the curtain as sparky bark . victor ssssh ! sparky lie down , head on he paw , sad and lonely . ext . school - day [ afternoon ] the school bell ring . E be leave school with the other kid . he nearly bump into nassor who be wait for he . January 2012 final shoot script_2012_01_18_v2 35 nassor toshiaki say you have a invisible fish . E no he do not . nassor so you do not ? E I do not say that . who say I do ? nassor toshiaki say it 's you science fair project . E if it be , I could not tell you . nassor so it be not ? or it be ? E no . yes . I be confuse . nassor do you have a invisible fish ? a beat . E okay . but you have to keep it a secret . he unzip he school bag , pull out the jar of water . unscrew the lid . E swish you finger around . you can feel it . nassor dip he finger in the water , swirl it around . nassor it 's just water . there 's nothing there . E no , it 's invisible ? E dip he own finger in , feel for he toothy goldfish . he 's puzzle when he can not find it . E huh . January 2012 final shoot script_2012_01_18_v2 36 pushing in ominously ... nassor I do not know what kind of game you and Victor be play . but that trophy will be mine ! E * gasp * a beat . ext . STREET - day E run as fast as he can with he jar outstretch in front of he , catch up to Victor . it 's just the two of they . E Victor ! something 's wrong with my fish . victor what be it ? E it 's not there anymore . victor maybe it just hop out . do you have the lid on ? E yes ! ever since ... since I leave you house . I mean , it be there when I go to bed . Victor ponder the possibility . E I be think , maybe they do not last . they be only there for a little bit and then they be go . suddenly panicked , Victor run back to he house . int . house - day Victor run up the stair . int . attic workshop - day Victor run through the attic . he pull the curtain back he eye go right to where he leave sparky tie up . January 2012 final shoot script_2012_01_18_v2 37 the rope be still there . but he dog be go . victor * gasp * no! sparky ! * gasp * a bark . Victor turn to find sparky drink out of he bowl . he scratch he ear and it fall off . victor ( o.s. ) sparky ! Victor rush over to he . sparky 's not sure what all the drama be about but do seem slightly concerned with he lose ear . victor oh ! do not worry . I can fix that too . int . bedroom - night Victor be in bed . he reach under the bed to pat sparky 's head ... victor good night , boy . ... then switch off the light . transition to : ext . bob' house Bob 's Mom be have a drink in the garden . she slurp the last few drop before she heave herself up to go inside for a refill . ext . roof of toshiaki be house - day Bob be nervous . look back over he shoulder ... bob be you sure this be go to work ? toshiaki be shaking a soda bottle . toshiaki no . that 's why it 's call a experiment . we have to collect data . January 2012 final shoot script_2012_01_18_v2 38 bob do we have to collect it on I ? wider , we see that Bob be wear a modify backpack . lashed to it be nine two - liter container of soda , cap point down , each with a pull-string . toshiaki attaches the tenth and final bottle . toshiaki ready ? bob no . toshiaki ten. nine . eight . bob we could use a test dummy or something . toshiaki Seven . six. five . bob Computer simulation . toshiaki four. Three . two . bob I have to pee . toshiaki one . toshiaki yank the cord . the soda blast out the bottom of the jet-pack . toshiaki grab he video camera to document they success . bob whoah , woah , w-w - with - woah woah , whoah , woah , woah , woah . Bob find himself hover in fit and start and actually get a bit airborne . bob ( incredulous ) it 's work . it 's work ! through the lens we see Bob hover in the air for a long moment before he drop like a stone out of frame . January 2012 final shoot script_2012_01_18_v2 39 bob * painful murmur * toshiaki , still filming look down to find Bob sprawle on the grass . his arm be bent at a impossible angle . Bob 's Mom come outside hearing the commotion . bob * scream * ext . house - day a half - dozen neighbor and classmate have gather to watch as Bob be load into a ambulance . his arm be already in a sling . bob' mother be apoplectic : bob' mother what be you boy do on the roof !? Bob and toshiaki exchange a glance . bob and toshiaki Science . int . school assembly room - night Mom and dad arrive at the meeting as Mr burgemeister start to speak at the podium . burgemeister as mayor of New Holland , you have entrust I with you safety . so I can not sit idly by while a teacher endanger we child . Bob 's mother be also on the stage with Bob whose arm be still in a sling . bob' mother the man be a menace ! a lot of agreement from the parent in attendance . another father stand up in the crowd . another father have you look through this " science " book they be use ? apparently , Pluto be not good enough to be a planet anymore . ( more ) January 2012 final shoot script_2012_01_18_v2 40 another father ( cont 'd ) when I be a kid , Pluto be a great planet . this guy come along and rewrite the rule . mom in fairness , he do not write the textbook . dad Mr Mayor , Edward frankenstein , you neighbour of course . I would just like to say that we son Victor be just crazy about the new teacher . thinks he 's great . another mother my Cynthia have be ask all sort of strange question . about thing I have never even hear of ! dad should not we at least give the man the chance to explain himself ? burgemeister yes . please come up . Mr ... menace . he point to Mr. rzykruski , who have be linger at the back of the assembly room . he come up front to the microphone . he clear he throat . mr. rzykruski lady , gentlemen . I think the confusion here be that you be all very ignorant . a sea of stony face . mr. rzykruski be this right word , " ignorant ? " I mean simple . primitive . unenlighten . not win they over . mr. rzykruski you do not understand science , so you be afraid of it . like a dog be afraid of thunder , or balloon . to you , science be magic and witchcraft because you have such small mind . ( more ) January 2012 final shoot script_2012_01_18_v2 41 mr. rzykruski ( cont 'd ) I can not make you head bigger , but you child 's head -- I can take they and crack they open . this be what I try to do . to get at they brain . mom oh my ! Mr. rzykruski somehow convinced he do a good job ... mr. rzykruski thank you . Mr rzykruski leave the stage . dad oh , geeze . ext . elsa's backyard - night elsa practice -hum she dutch Day song while persephone do she business , sniff around the bush . forgetting a lyric , elsa check a sheet she be hold behind she back . ext . victor' house / backyard - night meanwhile , Victor have sparky outside in he backyard . victor be quick , boy . they will be home any minute . sparky smell persephone . he sniff along the fence . intercut both side persephone sniff along the fence as well . she bark . sparky bark back . victor no no no no ! ssssh ! he cover over sparky 's mouth . elsa approach the fence and stand on tippe toe so that she can just barely see over the top . elsa Victor ? January 2012 final shoot script_2012_01_18_v2 42 Victor crouch low so that she can not see he and struggle to keep sparky from bark again . elsa Victor ? victor hi , elsa . what be you do ? elsa practice my song for dutch Day . victor it 's nice . elsa do you get a new dog ? victor no . elsa I hear a bark . victor yeah that be I . elsa you be bark . sparky manage to get free for a moment and let out a howl . Victor quickly grab he mouth shut and then try to mimic he bark . victor * Victor pretend to bark and howl * elsa step back from the fence . elsa you must really miss sparky . headlight sweep across the fence . Victor 's parent be back . victor I get to go . bye . elsa bye . elsa kneel down and pet persephone lovingly . elsa I feel so sad for he , persephone . he really miss he dog . January 2012 final shoot script_2012_01_18_v2 43 she tenderly kiss persephone on the head and hold she a little closer . ext . school Mr rzykruski walk out of the school door carry a cardboard box full of all he school thing . int . classroom - day the gym teacher , who be serve as substitute teacher scrub the board clear of Mr rzykruski 's name . victor where 's Mr. rzykruski ? gym teacher all I know be , I will be teach the class for the rest of the semester . she begin erase the messy blackboard . elsa do you know anything about science ? gym teacher I know more than you do . bob Mr. rzykruski know a lot . gym teacher well , sometimes know too much be the problem . Victor look out the window as Mr rzykruski be pack up the trunk of he car . victor what about the science fair ? gym teacher oh , it 's still on . but it will be judge by someone who be not insane -- me! the class look skeptical . gym teacher now get crack and may the best person win . January 2012 final shoot script_2012_01_18_v2 44 ext . school parking lot - day Mr. rzykruski be pack he strange little car with all he thing from the classroom . Victor race up to he in the car park . victor I can not believe they let the gym teacher be the judge . she 's not even interested in science . Mr. rzykruski turn back to see he favorite student . mr. rzykruski back home , everyone be scientist . even my plumber win Nobel Prize . you country do not make enough scientist . always need more . you should be a scientist , Victor . victor nobody like scientist . mr. rzykruski they like what science give they , but not the question , no , not the question that science ask . victor actually I have a question . mr. rzykruski that be why you be scientist . Victor smile , a little . victor I be do my experiment , my project , and the first time it work great . but the next time it do not . I mean , it sort of work , but then it do not . and I do not know why . mr. rzykruski then maybe you never really understand it the first time . Victor be puzzle , but intrigue . mr. rzykruski people think science be here ... ( point to he head ) ... but it be also here . ( more ) January 2012 final shoot script_2012_01_18_v2 45 mr. rzykruski ( cont 'd ) ( point to he heart ) . the first time , do you love you experiment ? CUT to : int . attic workshop - night [ flashback ] Victor , defeat , hang he head in he hand . suddenly , sparky lick he . he 's return from the dead . victor ( v.o. ) yes . mr. rzykruski ( v.o. ) and the second time ? CUT to : int . attic workshop - night [ flashback ] Victor watch as the bolt of lightning charge the jar of water with the dead goldfish . victor ( v.o. ) no . I just want it over . back to : ext . school parking lot - day mr. rzykruski then you change the variable . victor I be do it for the wrong reason . mr. rzykruski Science be not good or bad , Victor . but it can be use both way . that be why you must always be careful . with that , he offer he hand . they shake . Victor watch as Mr. rzykruski drive off . Bob and toshiaki be still fume about the science fair . nassor be prepare for Baseball practice . bob I can not believe I break my arm for nothing . none of we be go to win . E have a invisible fish . January 2012 final shoot script_2012_01_18_v2 46 nassor no he do not . you fall for a parlor trick . toshiaki you be say he fake it ? just then we hear a crash as E trip over a stack of bat . he have be eavesdropp . E * gasp * toshiaki that fish you show we , be it real ? E it be ! and it be dead , too . nassor you bring a animal back from the dead ? the boy move in , circle he . he panic , but can not get away . E no , Victor do . with lightning and boom ! and sss ... toshiaki impossible . E I swear ! I mean , he already bring back he dog . he try to swallow he word but the boy lean in closer . toshiaki he bring back sparky ? E nod and the boy exchange a look . toshiaki hmmmm . nassor Victor will win the science fair . unless we can do better . bigger . toshiaki turn he steely gaze towards Edgar and a sly smile spread across he face . January 2012 final shoot script_2012_01_18_v2 47 toshiaki you say you know Victor 's secret . now be you chance to prove it . int . kitchen - day Mom 's recipe book be open to a page that read - - double dutch cherry muffins mom now , where be my muffin tin ? she check inside the oven but no muffin tin . mom ( realize ) Victor . int . attic workshop - day victor' mom go up into the attic to find ... nothing out of the ordinary . she enter , take a look around for she miss muffin tin . she walk over to Victor 's chalk board and see he diagram for bring sparky back to life . mom sparky ? sparky walk around the curtain and stand panting next to Mom . she turn , startle and see - sparky . his neck bolt . his stitch . Mom fall backwards and onto the floor and - scream . int . live room - continuous dad enter the house to hear Mom scream in the attic . int . attic workshop - continuous dad run in and see 's sparky desperately try to get closer to Mom . January 2012 final shoot script_2012_01_18_v2 48 mom sparky ? ... sparky 's alive ! sparky do not understand why she be scream . dad sparky ! hey . come on . sparky be petrify , he bolt away and run into the mirror which splinter from the impact . he look up and see he reflection - grotesque and break . Victor enter around the curtain and be horrify to see what be happen . victor Mom ! dad ! what 's go on ? sparky run towards the window , desperate and frighten . victor sparky ! nooooo ! sparky ! Victor and he dad run to catch sparky but he shoot past they through the open window . victor sparky ! no ! sparky come back ! sparky ! Victor try to go after he but dad hold he back . dad hey ! hey ! just a minute . victor no I have to go and find sparky . dad Victor what have you do ? victor you say yourself : if you could bring back sparky , you would . dad yes , but that be different , because we could not ! it 's easy to promise the impossible . what you do be a very serious thing . cross the boundary between life and death -- reanimate a corpse -- it 's very ... upsetting . January 2012 final shoot script_2012_01_18_v2 49 victor I just want my dog back . tear well up in Victor 's eye . his anguish be palpable . Mom look to dad for a plan . mom oh sweetheart , we will help you look for sparky but when we get back I think we need to have a little talk . understood . victor yes . Mom and dad share a look . dad now let go find you dog . ext . town square - night sparky run through town where the dutch day festivity have officially begin . the town square have be transformed into a european fun fair with ride and food stall set up all the way down main street . people in costume be converge on hot dog vendor and beer garden . sparky be petrify but the townsfolk be completely oblivious . sparky try to stay out of sight , but everywhere he go , he 's scared off by some new terror . ext . victor' house - continuous Victor look in the backyard and shine he flashlight into the empty dog house . victor sparky ? be you in there ! Victor 's parent head out the front door and Victor hurry past they on he bike . victor Mom ! dad ! I be go to check out the school and the park , you guy do the town square , ok ? dad get it . mom sparky ! January 2012 final shoot script_2012_01_18_v2 50 dad sparky ! as they go in they respective direction we see toshiaki , Edgar , nassor and weird girl skulking in the bush . toshiaki nudge Edgar forward and motion to the front door which have be leave ajar in they haste . int . attic workshop - night we see the shadow of all five of they slowly climb the attic stair . E pull the curtain back to reveal Victor 's sanctum sanctorum . the apparatus glisten in the moonlight . bob cool . nassor and weird girl check out the equipment - push and pull on the wire with clumsy curiosity . Edgar try to confer with toshiaki who turn he back dismissively . its clear there be no more partnership . its every man for himself . toshiaki examine the formulas and theorem on the blackboard . toshiaki interesting . E it have something to do with the lightning . I do not really understand it . toshiaki ah - but I do . pushing in on he eye ... nassor tonight , we shall bring the dead to life . ext . near the school - continuous Victor run around the baseball field shine the flashlight under the bleacher and into the dig out . victor sparky ! where be you ? sparky ! January 2012 final shoot script_2012_01_18_v2 51 ext . pet cemetery - night sparky narrowly avoid some kid run towards the town center by back into a open gate . as the reveler pass he look around at where he be and see that he be surround by ominous look headstone . a eerie cat a giant turtle a flock of bat fly out from behind a tombstone and force he up the hillside where he find himself at the foot of he own grave . he can not read , but he seem to recognize what it be . what it mean . he lay down , look up at the moon . ext . town square - night back in town we see Victor 's parent search under the stage as the crowd start to assemble for dutch day . mom sparky ? sparky ? the crowd applaud as Mr. burgemeister step up to the microphone . burgemeister thank you , thank you so much . and now , it 's my pleasure to introduce this year 's Little dutch girl , my niece , elsa Van helsing . elsa walk out to meet burgemeister on stage . she be completely transformed with wooden shoe and blond braid . in addition to she costume , she be wear a wide crown of candle . she try to walk very steadily to keep wax from drip on she . elsa I do not think this be safe . burgemeister nonsense . we have the fire chief over here . we see a decrepit , 90 year old man dress like a fireman . he do not inspire confidence . burgemeister you know , a lot of girl would kill to be in you place . January 2012 final shoot script_2012_01_18_v2 52 elsa I would welcome death . burgemeister walk away from elsa leave she alone at the microphone . nervous , she look out over the crowd . elsa start to sing . elsa ( sing ) praise be New Holland , street so wide and sidewalk clean , modest home at modest price , everyone 's urban dream , praise be New Holland , happy child free from tear , free from all the world danger , free from crime and free from stranger , the crowd be so rapt that no one notice the big thunderstorm brewing overhead . song continue under : ext . pet cemetery - night cower behind he tombstone , sparky watch as nassor and toshiaki enter the graveyard , each carry a shovel . ext . town square / stage elsa ( sing ) in we house tight and safe , we have nothing to fear , ext . pet cemetery - night nassor head up the hill towards a gothic mausoleum . nassor ah . the tomb of collosus soon you shall be awaken and we shall be reunite once again . toshiaki stop in front of a tomb shape like the shell of a turtle . the inscription read simply - shelley . he dig up a small bundle , he pick it up and smile wryly . January 2012 final shoot script_2012_01_18_v2 53 toshiaki shelley . ext . school - continuous E rummages in the school garbage can and triumphantly pull out a dead rat . int . classroom - continuous E climb through the window of the classroom and place he dead rat on Mr. ryzkruski 's desk . he attaches the electrode clip to the rat paw . ext . backyard pool - continuous Bob feed a metal leaf skimmer into he pool and then rip open the container of sea monkey and dump they in . ext . pet cemetery - continuous nassor enter the mausoleum and attaches two clip onto the grave of collosus . he exit the mausoleum and send four mylar balloon off into the sky . ext . toshiaki be backyard - continuous toshiaki exit the gardening shed and walk over to he bundle . he attaches two clip and hook this up to a kite by use a series of extension cord . int . weird girl bedroom - night we pull back through a skylight to see Mr whisker deliver a dead bat to weird girl who sit on she bed comb she doll 's hair . weird girl 's room be impossibly girly with pink fluffy flower all around . she untwist metal coat hanger and attaches they to each other , make a long lightning rod . she lay the bat on she bed and attaches two clip to its wing . she then grab a large butterfly wall hang from above she bed . she attaches the butterfly to the coat hanger pole and solemnly feed it out of the window into the night sky . the balloon , butterfly and kite can be see float over New Holland in the storm . January 2012 final shoot script_2012_01_18_v2 54 while she stare out the window at the approach storm , Mr whisker sniff curiously at the bat and start to take a bite . ext . town square - night elsa finish she song : elsa ( sing ) praise be New Holland , May you windmill spin forever more . the crowd applaud . mr. burgemeister be not she adorable . motion with he hand , burgemeister signal for bigger applause but a big clap of thunder get everyone 's attention - and then lightning strike . int . weird girl bedroom - night the lightning hit the butterfly and fly down the coat hanger rod . it hit the bat which be still in Mr whisker 's mouth . the bed explode . ext . backyard pool - night lightn hit the propped - up pool skimmer , then crackle across the surface of the pool . Bob leap back blind by the light . int . classroom - night the lightning strike the school building , surging through the power line to the electrode on the rat . we see the flatten section start to balloon out . ext . sky above the cemetery - night the mylar balloon be fried by lightning . the balloon burst , send the surge hurtle down towards the mausoleum . January 2012 final shoot script_2012_01_18_v2 55 ext . toshiaki be yard - night lightn surge down from the heaven , strike the disinterred bundle . the turtle bundle explode . toshiaki duck for cover into the garden shed . ext . weird girl bedroom - night weird girl look up she see Mr. whisker . his fur be smoking but he just seem a little daze . weird girl Mr whisker ? he start lick he paw when suddenly -- giant bat wing unfurl from he back . he look up at the weird girl and hiss , he mouth feature two giant fang . he arch he back and we see he vertebrae multiply and stretch . his paw extend into gnarled and pointy claw . his color change from white to grey to a muddy , cloudy black . it form a perfect vampire 's peak on he head - Mr whisker have transformed into a vampire cat . weird girl Mr whisker ? the vampire cat start to fly around the room manically knock into thing on shelf and on the wall . he end up on the sky light . weird girl Mr whisker . with one flap of its wing , he fly out the window and up into the stormy night sky . int . school hallway - night E race out of the classroom into the corridor scream . hear the commotion the gym teacher open a different classroom door . gym teacher hello ? be someone there ? the gym teacher tentatively make she way down the corridor to the classroom E have just run from . she open the door . a beat . January 2012 final shoot script_2012_01_18_v2 56 a giant wererat leap in front of the doorway with it 's fang reveal . the gym teacher scream . ext . pet cemetery - night the earth around the mausoleum rumble . nassor rise , colossus . rise from you tomb ! as nassor continue he incantation , we see a mummy hamster emerge from the mausoleum . his shadow be huge . nassor watch with he mouth open he gaze move down to the ground . it might be frightening if the mummy hamster be not just a few inch tall . ext . toshiaki be yard - night a bottle of Miracle - gro lie empty on the grass . toshiaki step out of the garden shed and walk over to the scorched patch of grass . he look around the garden . toshiaki shelley ? suddenly , a massive turtle foot smashes down , crush the shed . a giant turtle monster -- bigger than a bus -- shriek to the heaven . toshiaki scramble to get away , alternately impressed and terrify . the turtle open its mouth , and let out a blood curdle roar . distract by the dutch Day light the turtle monster head to town . ext . backyard pool - night a almost - translucent hand grab the side of the pool , pull itself out . and it 's not alone . dozen of sea monkey emerge : simian warrior with shrimp - like feature , some carry bone trident . Bob scream and run out of the garden follow by the sea monkey . January 2012 final shoot script_2012_01_18_v2 57 ext . pet cemetery - night Victor stop he bike at the pet cemetery gate - victor sparky ? sparky ? Victor push open the gate . his flashlight cast long , scary shadow . he be draw towards sparky 's grave and as he flashlight sweep across the tombstone , he see sparky 's frighten face peek out from behind . could it be ... victor sparky ? sparky peer around the edge of the tombstone and realize that it 's Victor and hang he head in shame . victor sparky ! sparky be nervous and confuse but slowly rest he head in Victor 's arm . victor sparky it 's ok boy , it 's just I . I think that you be go . I never want to lose you . promise you will never go run off . okay ? Victor hold he tightly and sparky lick he happily . victor come on boy . Victor lead sparky away through the cemetery when he see the open grave of shelley and the colossus mausoleum door ajar . victor be someone else here ? ext . cemetery - continuous Bob run past the pet cemetery and hide behind a mail box to avoid the phalanx of sea monkey who charge past like supernatural hooligan , craving mayhem and destructive mischief . pant with relief , Bob turn to see Victor in the cemetery . January 2012 final shoot script_2012_01_18_v2 58 bob Victor ! I need you help . victor do you see that thing ? they be like .... bob Sea monkey . you know how on the package , they be like in a happy kingdom and everyone 's smile ? victor yeah . bob they be not like that at all . toshiaki run up , yell from the sidewalk . toshiaki Victor ! I need you help ! bob I ask he first ! toshiaki my problem 's bigger ! toshiaki point to the distance - a tower , giant turtle be walk past . its a suburban gamera . sparky bark defensively . Bob have to admit -- bob yeah . he 's right . a beat . Victor have to think fast . this be all he fault . he look down at sparky and get a idea . victor ok let 's go ! Victor , sparky and Bob rush off . toshiaki start to laugh and reveal he video recorder . he be secretly quite pleased with he science project . ext . town square - night burgemeister and elsa be still on stage as the crowd look on applaud . January 2012 final shoot script_2012_01_18_v2 59 burgemeister and now for we next act we have something really big . suddenly , scream in the crowd . the audience turn and see the giant turtle - march through town , crush everything in its path . burgemeister ( panicked gasp ) burgemeister flee , leave elsa to she own device . he rush through to the back of the stage . ext . backstage - night running franticly , burgemeister try to save himself . he nearly crash into the gym teacher , busy flee the wererat . burgemeister * gasp * gym teacher * scream * no get away . desperate for a place to hide , burgemeister spot a porta - potty and quickly duck inside . int . public restroom - night burgemeister can hear the pandemonium escalate but , feel safe for the moment , sit on the toilet and breathes a sigh of relief . strangely he feel something sharp poke he in the butt . when he jump up he see a host of sea monkey , jump out of the toilet ! the door to the porta-potty burst open and Mr burgemeister be trample , as the sea monkey head towards the center of town . ext . town square - night the gym teacher race past some destruct stall be chase by a wererat . she swiftly climb up a pole be the wererat can not follow she . the sea monkey be everywhere . they even emerge from a man hole and chase Bob 's Mom through the stall . Victor 's Mom and dad try to battle off the approach sea monkey but there be too many of they . Mom grab dad by the arm and pull he into a nearby phone booth . January 2012 final shoot script_2012_01_18_v2 60 mom this way ! in here . they slam the door just as a sea monkey fly into it and slide down the glass . dad whoa ! suddenly another sea monkey smashes into the glass follow by another and then another . Mom and dad be surround . just as it appear they be go to be overwhelm - the turtle monster arrive . his huge hand bear down on the phone box rip it from the ground . Mom and dad make they move and run to find safety as the turtle monster chomp down on the phone box and the sea monkey scurry off . edge of the square Victor , toshiaki and Bob arrive at the town square . they see the turtle monster in the centre of town . there be Sea monkey everywhere . wipe to : nassor , drunk with power , command the mummy hamster to take on the turtle monster and show he who be mightier . nassor go colossus ! kill ! kill ! kill ! kill ! the mummy hamster get ready to attack , when , in one large step , the turtle monster 's giant foot land directly on the mummy hamster and squash he flat . nassor collosus ? the angry turtle roar in nassor 's face knock he clear across the square . nassor fly with such velocity that he get tangle up in the banner and bunt that festoon the street and he land in a upright display of Russian nest doll . as he smashes into the case we see that now he too be wrap up like a mummy . his scowling eye be all that be visible as the lid close like a sarcophagus and collapse to the ground . January 2012 final shoot script_2012_01_18_v2 61 ext . town square E flee the sea monkey and run straight into the wererat who be still howling at the foot of the gym teacher 's pole . E ah ! get away from I ! get away from I ! ah ! the wererat immediately turn he attention to E and chase he past a beer stall be the sea monkey continue to cause havoc at a beer stall , spilling beer everywhere . one of the sea monkey grab a carton of pop corn and devour it in one bite . no sooner have he swallow , when he begin to fizz and expand and suddenly explode - splattering goop everywhere . Victor and Bob be watch from behind a stall and Victor get a idea . victor you sea monkey , be they freshwater or saltwater ? Bob know this -- bob freshwater ! victor freshwater animal can not tolerate salt . CUT to : ext . town square - popcorn tent - night Victor empty a sack of pop corn kernel into a pop corn machine in the pop corn tent . Bob add the salt . Victor turn the machine on . the boy try and lure the sea monkey into the tent by wave popcorn . victor hey over here ! the sea monkey follow they and start to gorge themselves on the freshly make popcorn . Victor , Bob and sparky zip up the tent and stand by the beer stall to see what happen . January 2012 final shoot script_2012_01_18_v2 62 the sea monkey greedily consume the popcorn with feverish abandon and the boy watch in amazement as the tent stretch and grow . the canvas side stretch and strain from the pressure . Victor and sparky duck behind a nearby keg just as tent suddenly explode splash pop corn ( and sea monkey part ) all over the street . bob cool ! Bob haughtily celebrate a little too quickly and get completely drench in pop corn goop E ( o.s. ) * scream * Victor and sparky look over to see that ... CUT to : ext . town / various elsa , persephone and E be be attack by the wererat . elsa help ! elsa be use a stick to fight he off but the stick break in half and the wererat seem ready to pounce . E be no help at all and take this moment to for he life leave elsa and persephone completely helpless . elsa get back ! stay away from we ! Victor and sparky come run to the rescue . sparky leap in front of elsa and take on the wererat himself . they battle ferociously , sparky can hold he own against the much bigger wererat . then in the scuffle , the wererat bite down on sparky 's neck but instead of landing a fatal blow , he bite into the bolt on sparky 's neck and get a zap of electricity . the wererat instantly collapse down to a normal size rat and land in the street . victor sparky ! Victor race over to make sure sparky be not hurt and suddenly they hear a almighty roar - January 2012 final shoot script_2012_01_18_v2 63 ext . the ferris wheel - continuous the turtle monster be draw to the light on the ferris wheel . the break beer barrel continue to flow and the square beneath he massive foot be almost flood . toshiaki have climb into one of the ferris wheel carriage and have be filming the chaos from high above the square . he laugh maniacally at the power of he creation when he suddenly find himself face to face with the monster himself . the turtle roar with anger and toshiaki start to panic . he try to climb out of the carriage and avoid the turtle 's sharp tooth but it be too late . toshiaki aaaaah ! the turtle monster grab toshiaki by the pants and lift he up into the air . toshiaki no , no , no ! stop you put I down - I give you life ! ext . the ferris wheel toshiaki dangle from the monster 's jaw as the turtle step back smash a electrical fuse box with he tail . spark fly everywhere . toshiaki Victor ! Victor I need help please . Victor see the wire from the fuse box hiss and sparking near the puddle of beer and get a idea . he remember from he science class that water conduct electricity and the turtle monster be still stand in the center of the flood square . Victor grab the wire and throw it into the puddle send spark and current up the turtle 's leg . the impact of the jolt cause the turtle monster to drop toshiaki who smashes into a tulip stall . undeterred , toshiaki continue to try and film the proceedings but he be too late . just as he put the camera to he eye , the turtle explode and all that be leave be reduce to a tiny shell which fall to the ground at toshiaki 's foot . toshiaki ( solemnly ) shelley . January 2012 final shoot script_2012_01_18_v2 64 ext . town / various elsa comfort persephone after they ordeal with the wererat . elsa persephone , be you ok ? sparky run over to join they and make sure that persephone be ok when they hear the weird girl call out for she cat . she stand at the base of a souvenir stall beckone to the vampire cat who completely ignore she . weird girl here Mr whisker ! here kitty kitty Mr whisker . the vampire cat swoops right past she . with a blood curdle screech , he grab persephone and fly off towards the windmill . elsa no ! elsa race after she dog , drop she hat and wig in she haste . elsa peresphone ! help ! bring she back . Victor hear elsa 's scream and go after she . the weird girl be still daze and confuse , still call for she kitty . weird girl Mr whisker ? victor I be come elsa ! sparky try to keep up , but he leg be too stubby . panting , he grab elsa 's wig and turn back in the other direction . ext . town square - night now that the mayhem seem to have end , the townsfolk start to assemble to review the damage . since the power line go out , they carry light torch burgemeister pull himself out of the wreckage and dust himself off . all around he be remnant of he beloved dutch day ; break tulip and decimate wooden shoe . burgemeister what happen ? January 2012 final shoot script_2012_01_18_v2 65 he can not take much more devastation when - sparky run past with elsa 's wig in he mouth . sparky see Mom and dad and drop elsa 's wig at they foot . dad sparky ! there you be ! mom be you alright ? sparky bark at Mom and dad . do he best lassie , he try to explain what have happen . dad what you get there boy ? burgemeister ( o.s. ) let I through ! burgemeister push he way through the crowd that have gather around sparky . burgemeister I know it ! it 's the boy dead dog ! sparky step back to show burgemeister elsa 's wig . burgemeister that 's elsa 's wig ! where 's my niece ! bob' mother he 's kill the little girl ! the crowd have clearly misunderstand . desperate , sparky run , hope they will follow . burgemeister lead the crowd in a chase up to the windmill . still wear they costume from dutch day and carry torch , they look like a mob of medieval villager . burgemeister after he kill the monster ! Mom and dad follow close behind . ext . windmill - night Victor arrive at the windmill and rush inside . January 2012 final shoot script_2012_01_18_v2 66 int . windmill - continuous he can hear elsa 's scream come from the rafter and he look up at the wind , rickety stair that lead to the crow nest . the vampire cat be creep towards elsa push she further and further up the windmill . elsa help ! stay away from we . ext . road up the hill - day sparky lead the way towards the windmill with the angry mob trail close behind . ext . windmill - night sparky arrive at the base of the windmill and try to make they understand that elsa and Victor be inside . burgemeister get he ! burgemeister signal to one of the villager to throw a rope around sparky 's neck . burgemeister where 's my niece ? in he hysterical zeal burgemeister wave he torch around and inadvertently set the windmill overhang on fire . the sail be quickly engulf in flame but the blade keep turn . the crowd gasp in horror . townsfolk 1 look out it 's on fire ! sparky continue to bark and pull on the leash , try desperately to make they understand . Bob 's Mom see something at the top of the windmill and point to elsa who have climb out onto the hub . bob' mom it 's elsa ! elsa help ! January 2012 final shoot script_2012_01_18_v2 67 int . windmill - night Victor continue to climb the stair try to get to elsa as quickly as he can . ext . windmill - night elsa and persephone have now back all the way to the edge of the hub and when the vampire cat swoops past they , they lose they balance . elsa grasp onto a sail but she can barely hang on . burgemeister elsa ! the crowd recoil in horror and sparky break free and run into the burn windmill . mom sparky ! int . windmill - night Victor arrive at the top level of the windmill . smoke and flame be rise . ext . windmill - night he climb out the window towards elsa . elsa Victor ! help ! victor hang on do not let go Victor hold he hand out try to get hold of elsa . elsa I can not reach . the vampire cat lunge towards Victor and be about to finish he off when sparky appear through the window and launch a attack . he chase the vampire cat up the sail leave Victor to reach again for elsa and persephone . victor hang on ! elsa I can not hold on much longer ! January 2012 final shoot script_2012_01_18_v2 68 Victor turn to look around and grab a rope and throw it over the side just as elsa lose she grip . just in the nick of time , she catch the rope and swing to safety . burgemeister break she fall . elsa aaaaah ! whoah !!! see that elsa have land safely , Victor look up to see the vampire cat and sparky fight on the end of the sail . victor sparky ! the cat try to knock he off but sparky scamper out of the way and slide safely down the sail into Victor arm . the vampire cat be undeterred and he make one final lunge towards they , knock Victor off the side . the crowd gasp in horror as Victor and the vampire cat plummet through the floor board and disappear into the bowel of the burn windmill . Mom and dad try to run forward but be hold back by a fireman . the flame be too high . mom Victor ! firefighter stay back it 's too dangerous ! dad that 's my son in there ! int . windmill - night sparky battle the flame and race to the bottom on the windmill to find the vampire cat and Victor lie unconscious on the floor . grabbing Victor by the collar , sparky use all he strength to drag Victor out of the windmill to safety . ext . windmill - night Mom and dad see sparky and Victor appear out of the smoke . dad and mom Victor ? dad Victor ! January 2012 final shoot script_2012_01_18_v2 69 mom honey be you alright ? the crowd cheer and Victor and he parent share a relieved embrace . sparky bark with joy and be about to run to join Victor and he parent when the vampire cat rear up from out of the flame and drag sparky back into the collapse windmill . victor sparky ! int . windmill - night back inside , the vampire cat and sparky fight to the death . the flame have almost completely envelop the windmill and shard of burn debris fall all around they . the vampire cat knock sparky backwards and corner he against the wall . he bare he fang and move in for the kill . sparky steel himself for the worst as a flame shard of wood break off the rafter and plummet to the ground , impale the cat through the heart . sparky be save and try to run for the door when - ext . windmill - night the windmill finally collapse . a cloud of SPARKS and cinder . the crowd jump back to safety and through the smoke , Victor shout ... victor noooo ! ext . windmill - twilight the sun have not quite rise . thanks to the firemen , the blaze be out . Victor wipe away tear , smudge with soot . his Mom hug he shoulder . a firefighter emerge from the debris carry sparky 's body . the little dog be singe , but still in one piece . the firefighter lay he on the dirt . January 2012 final shoot script_2012_01_18_v2 70 Victor kneel over the lifeless body of he amazing dog . in the crowd ... dad kneel beside he son . dad Victor ? be there anything we can do for you ? Victor look up at he dad . victor you say that I need to let he go ... dad sometimes adult do not know what they be talk about . Victor smile . CUT to : ext . car park - twilight all the car be in a circle around sparky , they headlight blaze . as we circle , townsfolk lift the hood of the car and attach jumper cable , which all feed in to two main line . Victor attaches cable to sparky . dad start you engine . the townspeople rev they engine but it do not seem to be work . bob' mother give it more juice ! sparky 's body spark with electricity and Victor look hopeful . dad turn off you engine ! dad wave for everyone to cut they engine . now it 's just headlight . Victor approach he dog but sparky still be not move . he kneel down and place he hand on he back . he look at he tail but all be still . he quietly lean in and - January 2012 final shoot script_2012_01_18_v2 71 almost in a whisper ... victor it 's okay , boy . you do not have to come back . you will always be in my heart . Victor take the clip off sparky and walk away back to he Mom and dad . they hold he for a long beat , when we notice sparky 's tail thump thump thumping . sparky open a eye . then sit up like he 's wake from a good long sleep . Victor turn as sparky get up and run towards he . victor sparky ! the crowd cheer and applaud . Victor hug he dog , so happy to be reunite . Victor 's Mom and dad make they way over to he . sparky do a few trick for the crowd , then notice someone push through the crowd . persephone , white streak hair glisten in the moonlight , come bound out to see he and they share a playful moment before - the two dog share a sniff . and a jolt . CUT to black . the end * * January 2012