sbs production frankie by mauricio Zacharia & ira sach 29 rue danielle casanova 75001 Paris | tel. + 33 1 45 63 66 60 | fax. + 33 145 63 83 69 s.a.s. au capital de 45 000,00 euros | siret 524 487 378 00027 | naf 5911c | n° de tva intracommunautaire fr23 524487378 int . quinta do sao thiago / paul 's room - day 1 we be in a simple , small but comfortable hotel room with bare white wall and wear out but well - keep hardwood floor . there 's a small bed with someone seemingly asleep in it ; a desk and a chair in the corner . around the window , we see a faint frame of early morning light , but the curtain be draw close , keep the room dark and tranquil . after a few second , we notice a quiet but steady sound '' drip ... drip ... drip ... " break the absolute silence . on the bed , paul gagne have he eye open , awake in the darkness . a light -haire frenchman in he mid 30s , he listen to the steady beat of water fall one drop after the next into a lonesome metal can . he can hear a piano start to play in the distance . ext . street / sintra - day 2 it 's morning of a fall day in sintra , the ancient portuguese city on the hill , not far from Lisbon . for century , this be the summer retreat for the local aristocracy . the ornate tower of various castle , each in its own architectural style , be see above the more typical Colonial - era building that make up the heart of the town . there 's green all around from its famous lush garden . the effect be romantic - almost fairy tale . the street be still quiet in town . it 's early in the morning . the tour bus have not yet arrive . the lucky tourist who manage to get a room in town be still asleep . well , not all of they . jame '' jimmy '' manus , a robust irishman , early 60' , tall and gentle , stroll amongst a few local . look down , hand in he pocket , he be deep in think . it 's a beautiful day in sintra , but Jimmy be unaware of he magnificent surroundings . ext . fonte dos noivados / sintra - day 3 as Jimmy turn the corner , something make he slow down . it 's nothing more than a old fountain adorn with beautiful tile work . he stop to listen to the sound of the work fountain and , as if hit by a wave of nostalgia , he slowly approach the water stream . and as Jimmy touch the water , he eye fill up with tear . tiago ( 0.s. ) we call that fonte dos noivados - the engagement Fountain . ext . overlook / sintra - day 4 stand on top of a slope street , a elegant older man with silver hair , adjust he binoculars , try to get the scene down below , of Jimmy at the fountain , into focus . the friendly look frenchman in he early 60' be michel gagne . next to he be tiago mirante , a strike , young portuguese guide . tiago ( 0.s. ) the tile work be from the late 18th century , from the reign of dona Maria I . at that time , unmarried girl would come from all over the region to drink from this ancient fountain . they have do this pilgrimage because there be a belief that the water would help they find a good husband . Michel let he binocular fall to he chest , and hang from they strap . michel and do it work ? tiago they say so . michel how magnificent . if only it be so easy . tiago smile benignly , then start down the street , watch by Michel . michel ( to himself ) magnifique . ext . quinta do sao thiago / swimming pool - day 5 Blue water . the surface of transparent blue water tremble , project abstract form . a woman 's hand touch the water , a reflection of she face , still abstract , fill the screen . she seem to be look at herself ... or at the bottom of the pool . 3 . francoise '' frankie '' cremont , kneel by the pool , dip one hand into the water , then the other one , make sure both wrist be wet and cool . as if part of a ritual , she then splashes water on the back of she neck . once , twice . frankie get up and , meditative , keep she eye down at the water , take a deep breath . she 's a strike woman , with a very short haircut , messy like a boy 's , accentuate she strong feature . CUT to : maya , 15 , light -skin black , in short and a tank top , be lie on a lounge chair by the pool read wuther Heights . she look up from she book , inquisitive , recognize something , or someone she know . CUT to : frankie drop the bathrobe . she 's topless , wear only the bottom part of a bikini . another deep breath , and she dive into the swim pool . Maya put she book down , and watch as frankie swim under water , and come to the surface close to she . frankie good morning . maya ( british accent ) there 's people in the hotel , you know . frankie I do not see anyone . maya they can take picture . frankie that 's okay . I be very photogenic . Maya observe as frankie swim away , she semi-naked body move gracefully under the water . int . portuguese bakery - day 6 a traditional portuguese bakery with glass shelf fill with the freshest , most delicious pastry . it 's all so fresh you can almost smell it . behind the counter be luciana , serve Jimmy , place pastry in a takeaway box . Jimmy be sip a expresso . jimmy so that 's four queijadas . and now , let 's see ... six pastéis , please . luciana you look tired today . do you not get enough sleep ? jimmy well thank you very much . another saleswoman , stand next to luciana , laugh at what she 's just hear . saleswoman luciana ! jimmy so nice to hear first thing in the morning ! the saleswoman laugh some more . luciana blushes . luciana sorry , I do not ... anyway , tired be sexy ! luciana hand he he box of pastry . jimmy I will pretend I believe you . luciana ( in portuguese ) his eye be puffy . he 's be cry . ( in English ) have a nice day , Mr. Jimmy . say hello to the Madame . luciano go to help other customer . jimmy I have terrible allergy . if you want to know . luciana my husband too . it 's awful this time of the year . Jimmy take another sip from he espresso , try to enjoy the portuguese morning . int . quinta do sao thiago / ian & sylvia 's suite - day 7 ian andoh , 46 , a englishman , black , solidly build , sit on the bed , wear short , hold a run shoe . he try to put the shoe on , but it 's too tight . he pick it up again , and as he loosen up the shoe lace , work meticulously from the top part down , a recur think manifest itself . ian the whole thing be so unfair . I can not get over it . they be one of the happiest , most perfectly romantic pair I have ever know . Ian 's wife sylvia andoh , late 30' , stand across the hotel suite , dress in pants and a bra , pick up a shirt from a open suitcase . they must have be a happy couple at some point . now , approach middle age , something set they apart . sylvia there 's no perfection there . they have they grievance . Ian put on the run shoe . sylvia have you see my yellow cashmere sweater ? ian to think that one be suddenly take away from the other by this ... thing , this horrible thing , make I lose faith in love itself . sylvia so romantic , all of a sudden ! ian do not be cynical . we be see you father go from romantic bliss to tear and despair . Ian stand up and grab a T-shirt , but before he put it on , he look at himself in the mirror , and grab he own love handle . ian I have to stop with the bread . sylvia why ? ian I have gain weight . sylvia do not start . please . Ian put the T-shirt on . sylvia close down the suitcase , frustrated that she can not find what she be look for . sylvia what day be it today ? Thursday ? ian Wednesday . she go in the drawer , grab the first shirt she see and put it on . sylvia it 's impossible to pretend we be enjoy this trip . it 's a brutal idea she have . for we all to come here at a time like this . ian you sure it be not you father 's idea ? sylvia what do you think ? sylvia go out the door , leave Ian alone with he weight and he shoe . ext . portuguese bakery - day Jimmy be walk out with he box of pastry when he run into Michel and tiago . michel you beat we this morning ! jimmy '' I would wake early , and I take a long time get ready to exist . '' Michel be not sure he understand . michel I be sorry ? jimmy Fernando pessoa . I just can not help it . my mind swim with he whenever I be here . michel Jimmy , you be the only actor I know who read anything but they review . Jimmy laugh , and then offer he box of pastry . jimmy queijadas anyone ? or a pastel ? michel how be she this morning ? jimmy she 's good , thanks . fine. michel and you ? jimmy I be here in this magical town with the people I love most . I have no right to complain , do I ? michel I believe everyone always have a right to complain , do not you , tiago ? tiago certainly . the three man smile at each other awkwardly . int . quinta do sao thiago / frankie & jimmy 's suite - day 9 frankie , already dress , she hair still wet , go to the dresser and pick up a cardigan sweater . frankie will this one do ? as frankie hand sylvia the sweater , sylvia notice a bracelet frankie have on she wrist , and grab she hand to take a better look . sylvia wait a minute ... frankie be not it gorgeous ? sylvia be it real ? frankie pink diamond , colombian emerald . it 's bulgari , vintage . sylvia how come I have never see this one before ? frankie it be give to I by a man I know between Michel and you father . there be quite a few , you know . I be young than you be now . and very beautiful . I never wear it . not because of you father - he do not care . but it 's a bit flashy , no ? sylvia it 's bulgari . frankie I be always afraid it will get steal or something , but now I be like ' what the hell 's . sylvia can I try ? frankie place the bracelet onto sylvia 's wrist . there 's a knock on the door , but the girl be too excited to hear anything else but themselves . sylvia admire the stone against the light . sylvia he must have really love you , this man . the door open and Paul come in . he 's straight out of bed , have not even wash he face yet . frankie Love ? I do not know . he like I , and he be rich . I try never to confuse money with love . he say the color be perfect for I . whatever that mean . 9. Paul give he mother a double kiss on she cheek and go to sit on the bed , without a word . paul my room have a terrible leak . sylvia well , good morning . paul I can not sleep . sylvia try another room . paul I ask . nothing available . sylvia be the water drip on you ? paul no , it 's in the corner . but still , it 's all night , '' drip ... drip ... drip ... '' it 's impossible . sylvia you be too sensitive . paul you want to switch room ? sylvia you want to sleep with my husband ? paul question be : do you want to sleep with you husband ? sylvia none of you business ! paul you start this . frankie Children . I have not even have coffee yet . a beat . Paul keep stare at sylvia , defiant , but this be a sensitive matter sylvia would rather not discuss . all very clear to frankie . 10 . sylvia I be go to get some sun . you should try it sometime , Paul . would be good for you skin . sylvia walk towards the door ... frankie vivi ! sylvia turn around , take the bracelet off . sylvia I forget . sorry . paul do not forget sun screen ; especially there , on the side . sylvia give he a annoyed look . paul ( cont 'd ) Sun can be so unforgive to you wrinkle . frankie put the bracelet back on , as sylvia exit . frankie be now alone with she son Paul . she go to the bathroom mirror and start put some makeup on . Paul follow she . the conversation that follow , as will all between french mother and son , be in french . paul je I sen hyper malhereux . frankie bah oui bien sir . paul merci pour 1’ironie ! frankie do not need much . eyeliner , lipstick . paul I be so terribly unhappy . frankie yes , of course . paul you be be ironic ! moisturize cream , and a little frankie Paul , mon chéri , je suis mieux placée que n’importe qui pour savoir qu 'elle not sont pas toute rose , ces vacance . mais tu es jeune , tu as la santé , tu par vivre @ New York dan le West Village , et on profite d’une des ville le plus romantique au monde sous un soleil magnifique . qu ’est - ce qu 'o the faut de plus ? paul je crois que je suis toujour amoureux do Anne - shophie . frankie oh non pitié . pas possible . paul pourquoi ? frankie tu restes avec ces fille deux and . tu n'e pas sir de les aimer , donc elle the quittent . Une fois qu 'elle sont party , bingo , tu découvre qu 'en fait tu es amoureux d'elle ! béatrice , Julie , Anne - Sophie , et qui encore ?!... a chaque fois c'est la méme histoire ! tu tourn en rond , et quand ce n'est pas ga ... enfim bref . en tous cas , il faut que tu arrétes . can fait quoi , quasiment deux and qu 's Anne - Sophie et toi avez rompu ? tu not peux plus 6 tre amoureux d’elle , ce n’est pas possible . paul pour quelqu ’un qui prétend croire a l’amour éternel ... frankie eternel ? je n’irais peut -étre pas jusque 1a . 11 . frankie oh honey , I , more than anyone , be aware that this trip be not a happy event . but , Paul , you be young and healthy , you be move to the West Village in New York City , and it be a sunny day in one of the most romantic city in the world . what else do you want ? paul I think I be still in love with Anne -sophie . frankie oh no , please ! that can not be . paul why not ? frankie you stay with this girl for two year . you be not sure you love they , so they break up with you . then , after they leave , you find out you be actually in love ! beatrice , Julie , Anne - Sophie ! always the same ! you be go in circle , and if you do not - anyway , that have to stop . you and Anne - Sophie split up , what - almost two year now ? you simply can not still be in love with she . paul I think you be the one who believe that love can last forever . frankie forever ? I do not know about that . 10 paul en tout cas Jimmy et toi avez l‘air plus amoureux aujourd ' hui que du temp de votre rencontre . frankie mais Paul , elle t 'a quitté . c’est absurde . quand tu rencontreras la femme de to vie , tu l’oublieras , Anne - Sophie . tu vas voir . paul ah oui , tu parle comme tu la connais déja , la femme de mar vie ? 12 . paul you and Jimmy seem to be more in love now then when you two first meet . frankie but Paul , she leave you . it 's absurd . once you meet the right woman , you will forget about Anne -sophie . you will see . paul you talk as if you know who the right one might be . frankie frankie eh bah oui , peut -étre . I do . paul paul bravo . splendid . ext . palacio national / sintra - day 10 ilene bianchi , a great look woman , early 50 's with youthful charm , and dark , winsome eye , pull a small carry - on bag up a street behind the historic Palace of sintra . gary ( 0.s . ) my problem be the story . if I could just get that right , you know ? I think I could really make something good . something great , even . ilene look around as she walk , she curious and peaceful eye enchant by the view of sintra . gary ( 0.s . ) but I just can not get my head around a conventional three - act structure , and they want that . she 's follow by gary tomlinson , a shaggy , sandy - haire american , mid 50 's , also pull a carry - on bag . gary anyone who might finance it at least . the first act - man , that 's something , you know ? and then the second - be not that enough ? a third just seem gratuitous . 11 13 . Gary be completely uninterested in the view , but ilene know he well , and be able to shut he out in she head . she let he talk as they keep walk up the street . gary I be interested in all of it . Story be just one part . I see geography as destiny , you know what I mean ? I be interested in what constitute intimacy , identity , community ; how we communicate ... with ourselves , with we surroundings , and how this human construct can be render in image and performance . as they turn a corner , the colorful Palacio da pena , on top of the hill , come into view . gary do you think it 's crazy to think about shoot on 35 ? it would be so amazing . ilene ? the view of the multi-color fantasy castle be a wonder , and ilene pause to take it in . gary ilene ? be you even listen to I ? ilene wow . they be right . look like something out of a fairy tale . she look out at the busy , beautiful town in front of she . ext . flower stand / sintra - day 11 a small group of young girl in Catholic school uniform walk down the street . they pass Paul , who smile , and try he well - rehearse portuguese : paul bom dia . but the girl be not interested . they do not respond , but that do not faze Paul . he breathes the air of sintra , look around at he magnificent surroundings , and it make he feel good . just up the street , there 's a little flower stand , display local plant and flower in unexpected , artful arrangement . 14 . as Paul pass by , he notice the very pretty girl , bianca , early 20' , with pale white skin , dark hair , and pierce green eye , behind the stand put together a new arrangement . Paul slow down . he can not believe he eye , so he turn around and , discreetly , look back at she . there she be , like a vision , put together different plant , make artful arrangement . Paul decide to walk back . bianca bom dia . paul bom dia . Paul check out the flower , while discreetly check out the girl . he pick up a arrangement , and smell it deeply . paul hmmm ... the smell ! bianca lavanda be the best . paul remind I of someone . bianca someone you love . paul someone I use to . bianca she break you heart ? paul she marry somebody else . bianca ah , I see . she keep work on she arrangement , while Paul choose another to smell . paul which one would you say be the most sensual ? 15 . bianca depend on who you be buy it for . paul a very beautiful girl . I think she would like what you like . she smile , and put down she arrangement to go assist Paul . she choose a big bouquet , and hand it to he . bianca what do you think of this one ? they be interrupt by the arrival of a young man , joao miguel , bring a armful of fresh plant and flower . he sense something in the air , as bianca go behind the counter , back to she arrangement . Paul , smell the flower , be catch off guard . joao miguel can I help you ? paul ( in scratchy portuguese ) quanto custa ? joao miguel quinze . feefteem . Paul hand he a fifty Euro bill . joao miguel no. feefteem . one five . paul sorry , that 's all I have . joao miguel wait one minute . my girl go for change . but she be back at work on she elaborate arrangement and shrug at he suggestion . joao miguel bianca , please go get some change for the senor , ao restaurante . bianca nao ves que estou ocupada ? tenho que terminar isto até ao meio dia . vai 14 tu . joao miguel o que 6 que se passa aqui ? vai buscar of troco , que eu cuido do cliente . bianca estou a meio dum arranjo ! nao vou a lado nenhum joao miguel estou a interromper alguma coisa , 6 ? 16 . bianca do not you see that I be busy ? I have to finish this by noon . you can go get it . joao miguel what I see , I do not like . go get change . I will take care of the customer . bianca but I be make a big bouquet . I be not go anywhere . joao miguel be I interrupt something here ? what 's go on ? Paul watch in disbelief as the whole thing escalate to a full blow argument . bianca nao se passa nada ! joao miguel eu conhego - the ... bianca estas louco ! joao miguel .+.eu vi os olhinhos que ele the estava a deitar . bianca o que 6 que esta pr’aia dizer ? ten de comfiar mais they mim , joao miguel . s6 estou a vender flore . bianca nothing be go on ! joao miguel oh , please ... bianca you be crazy ! joao miguel .-. the way he be look at you . bianca what be you talk about ? you have to trust I , joao miguel I be just try to sell flower . Paul hold the bouquet , unsure of what to do . paul please keep the change . joao miguel no ! she go for change . bianca be not go anywhere . 12 17 . bianca bianca para 14 com ess ciume . you have to stop be so jealous . bianca can not hold back she tear . she start to cry . bianca ( cont 'd ) bianca ( cont 'd ) se trabalhamos junto , ten we be try to work que confiar they mim . eu nao together , but you do not trust aguento mais . assim nao I . I can not go on like this . posso . E sério que nao . I can not . I can not . joao miguel joao miguel bianca . desculpa , amor . bianca . I be sorry . bianca bianca desculpas nao chegam . that 's not enough . Paul surreptitiously take off . ext . quinta do sao thiago / courtyard - day 12 sylvia be outside the quinta , on a small dirt road to the side , talk on she cell phone . sylvia ( on she phone ) I know , I see you message but I specifically ask for two bedroom . oh , so I could turn that into a second bedroom ? ) well , but that would cost a fortune . listen , my daughter be go to college in a few year . I do not need two bathroom . and I do not mind if we have to go a bit further West . ) okay .. or ) ; for comparison maybe . it 's just too far . ( wee ) thank you , talk to you soon . sylvia hang up and step to the side to look at the view . she breathes it in , and try to make she trouble go away - it be a gorgeous place , but the tension on she face do not dissipate . sintra 's garden and fabulous private villas seem a world away . 18 . maya ( 0.s. ) Mom ? Maya , in short and a T-shirt , carry a backpack , ready for a day out . maya ( cont 'd ) what be you do ? sylvia ( show she cellphone ) I could not get any reception inside . maya be this about the flat ? sylvia why would you think that ? maya ' Cause you look all sneaky there . I download what app for you . you can just use a internet connection , you do not need a phone line . sylvia I try , but you have to show I how to use it . Maya roll she eye . maya dad be ask if I know anything about a flat . sylvia do you say anything ? maya not much . sylvia what do you mean , '' not much '' ? maya I say I do not know . sylvia good . maya no , it 's not good ! 19 . Maya walk away , towards another part of the garden , where she have leave she book and papers on a large stone table . she begin to pack she thing , when sylvia join she . sylvia honey , Maya . listen to I , let 's not argue . maya what ? sylvia you know you father 's just fishing around . he 's look for something that be not there . maya you be insane . sylvia do not use that word . maya why not ? you tell I lie be the worst thing I could do , ever , and then you ask I to lie for you ! sylvia Maya , you be not lie . you be just hold information . you father should not know anything before there 's something real to know . i’1l tell he when the time be right . maya do not you think he know when I be lie ? ( almost cry ) you always make I do this ! sylvia I be not make you . I be sorry . I be just struggle that 's all . come here baby . you be my best friend , baby . I do not want to make you unhappy . sylvia try to hug Maya , but Maya be not up to it - she pull away . 20 . maya oh , please , sylvia ! I can not see how you move out will not make we more unhappy ! sylvia stop call I sylvia ! I be you mother ! maya mother or best friend ? which one be it ? sylvia why can not I be both ? Maya start to walk away . then she stop , and turn around . maya can I have some euros , please ? sylvia what for ? maya just twenty . twenty euros . sylvia not if you do not tell I what it be for . maya I want to be independent today . sylvia reach in she pocket . sylvia here 's a ten . she hand it to Maya . maya thank you . Maya walk away . fast . she leave the courtyard and head up the road outside the quinta . sylvia catch up with she , and call out . sylvia Maya ! where be you go ? maya ( call out to sylvia behind she ) ( more ) 13 21 . maya ( cont 'd ) it 's not independence day if I tell you . Maya continue , and sylvia put she foot down . sylvia stop . look at I . Maya follow order , stop , and turn to look at sylvia . sylvia ( cont 'd ) do not go very far . you know we be all meeting at peninha in the afternoon . maya what 's that ? sylvia it 's a place at the top of the mountain , that frankie 's determine for all of we to see . maya I can not promise . Maya turn and continue on . sylvia Maya ! it 's for frankie . Maya kick a little rock on the dirt road . maya fuck frankie ! she 's not even my grandmother . sylvia can not hear she . she 's already far away . ext . fonte dos noivados / sintra - day 13 ilene be by the '' engagement Fountain . '' she reach out , cupping she hand and , thirsty , drink a few sip of the water . Paul , carry he bouquet of flower , pass by as ilene be drink the water . they do not see each other . ilene sit on the little bench that surround the Fountain , with she bag , and Gary 's , next to she . she refresh herself splash some cold fresh water on she neck , on she face . she sit read a frommer 's Portugal guide , wait . 22 . ilene raise she eye from she book , distract , and recognize someone on the street . Jimmy come down on the other side of the street , carry he little box of pastry . ilene ( 0.s. ) Jimmy ! he see ilene wave , but he do not think it 's for he . ilene stand up , and smile . Jimmy can not dismiss she . it 's for he , and he come she way . jimmy can I help you ? ilene yes . I be lose . jimmy I be not a local , but - what be you look for ? ilene Jimmy . it 's I , ilene . Jimmy look at ilene with some recollection , but still uncertain of she identity . ilene I work with frankie in New York . on noah baumbach 's movie . jimmy ilene ! ilene I be she hairstylist . jimmy of course . I be so sorry . what a small world to run into you here . how wonderful ! he give she a big hug . ilene do not frankie mention ...? jimmy frankie talk about you all the time . 23. ilene that 's sweet . you know she 's the only actress in all my year of work in film that I have become real friend with . but with the distance , it can be hard to keep up . jimmy just the other day I be try to remember the name of that restaurant you take we to last time we be in New York . I want to recommend it to a friend . ilene which one ? jimmy it be a classic american steak house . very good . ilene keen 's ! on 36th Street . jimmy yes , that be it . amazing . ilene you like that mutton chop , huh ? jimmy I love that mutton chop . but be that the last time we see you ? I think maybe in London , also ? ilene no , I have not be to London yet , but I be hope to . it 's be a long time . jimmy and now , '' lo , Cintra 's glorious eden intervene ! '' ilene I just read that ! how funny . she motion with she guide book . 24 . jimmy '' lo! Cintra 's glorious eden intervene in variegate maze of mount and glen . ah I ! what hand can pencil guide , or pen , to follow half on which the eye dilate through view more dazzle unto mortal ken than that whereof such thing the bard relate , who to the awe -struck world unlock elysium 's gate ? '' ilene I do not know much about Byron , I be embarrassed to say , but it 's beautiful . jimmy oh , I would not know anything about he except I have to memorize that poem for my leave certificate . he seem to have be everywhere , though . every town in Europe seem to claim he . and he have scandalous affair in each stop . in Greece , they consider he a national hero . as boy , we think he stuff be very sexy to read , believe it or not . really romantic . ilene sound like a full life ... jimmy well , he do die very young . ilene do not they all ? but would not you rather live a life full of passion and adventure , even if it 's short , than go through a endless , monotonous string of the day after day after day ? jimmy oh , I do not know . it 's easy to say life be wonderful when you go from one adventure to another , but Byron suffer quite a lot . anyway , that 's not reality for most people . ( more ) 25 . jimmy ( cont 'd ) certainly not for I . I think that to try and find beauty in everyday life , when you might think that thing be drag on ... that be kind of better . the most difficult , but the most reward , maybe . Jimmy pause . ilene look into he eye , take in he point of view , reflect . then she smile . jimmy what be you do here ? ilene you do not know . jimmy no , I - Gary approach , as Jimmy and ilene continue they conversation . ilene I have be in Spain , work on the new Star Wars movie . we have a well deserve break . jimmy Star Wars ?? ilene it 's actually a good job . jimmy I be sure . I do not mean , I be sorry . ilene no , do not worry . of course . but they pay well . and for the most part the people be nice . it 's a great crew . and Spain be so wonderful . jimmy do that mean chewbacca be go to have a new hairdo ? ilene laugh . Gary step in . ilene well , I try a farrah fawcett on he , but in the end - 26 . gary shush ! sorry . Gary be instantly in the middle of the conversation . he wink at Jimmy . gary we sign a confidentiality agreement . jimmy ok . Jimmy be not sure if that 's suppose to be funny , but he understand that this be ilene 's friend , so they shake hand . gary it 's ridiculous , but it 's Star Wars . they be very serious about it . jimmy uh hum . on the other side of the street , Michel observe the scene , quietly , with tiago next to he , smoking a cigarette . gary hi , I be Gary . I be also work on the film . second unit dp . ilene Gary , this be Jimmy , frankie 's husband . gary wow . you be frangoise cremont 's husband ? I be a huge fan . you be a lucky man . jimmy I know I be . ilene so do you find it ? gary nobody know . I do not understand this people , or they do not understand I . I think we be right next to it , but apparently -- Michel step in . 27 . michel maybe I can help . jimmy Michel , this be ilene , a good friend of frankie 's from New York , and this be ... he can not remember Gary 's name , so Gary step in . gary Gary . Gary tomlinson . they all shake hand . michel I be frankie 's first husband . jimmy Paul 's dad . ilene of course . I have hear so much about you . michel I be not sure I like the sound of that . ilene no , all good thing . frankie say you have the best seafood restaurant in all of Paris . michel the best ? I do not know . that 's very frankie . tiago approach . michel this be tiago . a true local , bear and raise here in sintra . tiago where be you try to go ? gary quinta da boica . Michel get one of the bag , gesture for Gary to pick up the other one . 28 . michel tiago . quinta da boica . tiago boiga ( have a ' 's 's sound ) . not boica . michel yes , boiga . ilene ha ! that 's why you could not find it . tiago follow I . Gary and Michel , carry the bag , follow tiago . Jimmy seem to suddenly realize that he 's hold a box of pastry , and offer one to ilene . jimmy would you like a pastry ? ilene please ! ilene take a queijada from the box . jimmy it 's nice to see a woman in the movie business who will eat a pastry . ilene oh , I eat everything . it 's the reason to travel . jimmy this place be really something . you be go to love it . ilene take a first bite of pastry . gary ( 0.s. ) ilene ! let 's go ! ilene hmm . this be delicious . she smile politely to Jimmy , and catch up with Gary . 14 29 . ext . pena park / ponte pergola - day 14 a exquisite park , with old stone gate , small lake and view . sylvia carry the flower bouquet Paul buy , while he walk next to she . sylvia be you excited about New York ? paul I be look forward to it . but excited ? I can not be excited about anything at the moment . sylvia do you get the sublet ? paul I be not sure . sylvia how come ? paul I have not send the document yet . sylvia why not ? paul since I get the news , I have not be able to concentrate . I can not work , I can not think about anything else . sylvia when you get bad news , you should focus on the practical stuff . paul it 's too overwhelming . sylvia there 's nothing better to remedy a overwhelming situation than have to fill out paperwork . do you call the number I give you , the tax lawyer ? paul yes , I call he . what a arrogant guy . ( more ) 30 . paul ( cont 'd ) he say I should try to convince my mother to incorporate with I and Jimmy . sylvia I will talk to my dad . you should talk to frankie . paul this be the last subject I want to bring up with she . sylvia then you ’1ll have to pay the ridiculous inheritance tax . paul you be so ... sylvia pragmatic ? paul that 's one word for it . sylvia it 's just life , Paul . I do not make as much money as you do . and when you have a teenage daughter , you get practical . paul maybe . sylvia take a long pause , and then brave it . sylvia I be go to leave Ian . paul how many time have I hear this ? sylvia this time be for real . I can not do it anymore . paul be that why you be calculate you inheritance ? sylvia stop it . you can not say that to I . they look Paul put gesture , 31 . paul it 's just that I have be hearing you say this for so long . the timing be interesting . sylvia you be so fuck self righteous . paul come to New York . sylvia why would I come to New York ? paul New life , new city . sylvia it 's not that easy . paul no , it 's not . at each other , understanding . sylvia this be all just so horrible . I can not believe it , really . I just can not . he arm around she , and sylvia welcome the and return the affection . that 's when Paul try to kiss she . it 's a surprise for sylvia , a flower t no she push he away , drop the bouquet of of the ground . sylvia you know ... that might have be romantic when we be teenager . paul even better now . we have more life experience . sylvia sometimes I really hate you . paul I be serious about you come to New York . I need the pragmatism . you need to get away from ian. 32 . sylvia oh , you have no sense of you privilege . if I could get a job in banking , maybe I would . but they be not hire philosophy major at credit suisse this day . paul you would not want a job at credit suisse . sylvia oh , would not I ? do not make too many assumption . you want to help I ? do I a favor . talk to you mother about the incorporate idea . it will save everybody a lot of money . it will be good for dad , too . and yes , if it help my father , he will be able to help I . I be sorry to even talk about this thing , but it 's true . Paul look at she , dismay . sylvia ( cont 'd ) do not judge I , Paul . do not judge I . I be do the best I can . so do not you dare sit there from you smug and ugly unhappiness and look down on I . at least I be try to change thing . she walk away , as Paul pick up the flower . ext . pena park / greenhouse - day 15 frankie and Jimmy walk through another area of the garden . frankie carry the box of pastry , bite with delight on a queijada . frankie how do she look ? jimmy she look great . better . how long ago be that film ? frankie five year ago . maybe six . 33. jimmy she be too skinny when we be in New York . frankie maybe . jimmy she just look more mature . frankie arréte . Jimmy ! jimmy what ? frankie '' mature '' be offensive ! to a woman , particularly . jimmy oh , I do not know . frankie would not it be wonderful if she and Paul get along ? jimmy what be you talk about ? frankie ilene and Paul . New York can be a very lonely city . they would be good for each other . jimmy oh Jesus , frankie . frankie what ? jimmy you invite she ! this be all ... frankie I think she would be just perfect for he . jimmy Christ , frankie . you be play cupid again . 34 . frankie do not '' Christ , frankie '' I . you of all people should understand . I do not want Paul to end up alone . jimmy do not let the kid find out that this be you idea . they have go mad . this be suppose to be a family trip . frankie it still be . family with a '' plus one , '' so what ? jimmy you come up with this crazy scenario in you head . you think you can manipulate everything . frankie I be usually right . Jimmy start to laugh . frankie laugh with he , think it 's about she comment , but soon he 's laugh harder . she realize it 's something else . frankie ( cont 'd ) what ? jimmy well . frankie what 's so funny ? jimmy I have news for you , darling . frankie yes ? jimmy ilene bring a friend . frankie a friend ? jimmy oh yes , ilene be accompany by Gary , I believe that 's he name , a friend who look very much like she boyfriend , if you want to know my opinion . 16 35 . frankie mais non !! she be not suppose to bring anyone . frankie be not happy . jimmy quel surprise . Jimmy throw he arm around upset frankie , and give she a kiss : he love she , machination and everything . frankie we will see ! jimmy come , let 's go . I want to take you to a place I have read about . she pull away from he . frankie no. I be hike to peninha . jimmy there 's more than enough time , love . we will get there . frankie the one thing I do not have be time . jimmy do not get melodramatic on I . just come on , no complain . Jimmy take she hand , and they walk down the path together . ext . quinta da boica - day 16 ilene sip tea , alone on the terrace of a small and beautifully renovate house , a private quinta . there 's a swim pool down below , and a view to the immense green valley . Gary come out to join she ; he 's hold something behind he back . gary I be not expect this . the photo on the site do not do it justice . they should hire I to take new picture . this place be incredible . 36 . ilene this be so nice , Gary . it must be very expensive . gary it 's fine . George Lucas be berry berry good to I . ilene to both of we ! but who know what the next job will be . gary that 's why I want to make this movie . I can not be a cameraman forever . I need to change gear , before it 's too late . ilene I hope so . Gary pull he hand from behind , hold a small gift box . gary here . I have something for you . ilene 's surprised . he give she the box . ilene oh , God . he give she a kiss . it 's a bit clumsy . gary I hope you like it . ilene try to smile . she be not expect this . gary ( cont 'd ) open it . she do . Inside the box , a silver ring , with a small detail in gold . it 's a designer ring , very modern , young . ilene Gary , you should not have do this . gary why ? you say you like it . ilene I know I do , but still . gary I walk by the store before we leave Valencia , and it be still in the window . ilene close the box , with the ring inside . gary ( cont 'd ) you know what I have be think ? ilene no . what be you think ? gary I have be think I want we to spend more time together . ilene oh , really ? gary yes . I have a idea of get rid of my apartment in the city and just move into the house in Water mill full time . make a real home out there . Gary try to look directly into ilene 's eye . gary ( cont 'd ) you could come and stay for as long as you want . and whenever one of we be work in the city , we could stay at you place . ilene that 's a lot of plan , all of a sudden . gary we would have a beautiful house on the beach , and I have help with the rent on a nice apartment on the Upper West side . we have have two home . we do not need more than that . what do you say ? ilene oh . I do not know . for I Water mill be more like a weekend place . I like it , but for the beach , and to get away . 37 . 17 18 38 . gary a lot of people live there full time and still work in the city . it 's really not very far . and besides , with more time in Water mill , you could paint more , or write , or do any of that thing you always say you would like more time for . without my apartment , we would both save money . you would not need to work so much . ilene look out onto the vast view of the valley in front of they . gary ( cont 'd ) ilene , I would like to be with you . for we to be together . ilene be this a proposal ? gary I do not think of it that way , but I guess it be . what do you say ? ilene I say let 's go out . we just get here . the ring be beautiful , Gary . thank you . I love it . thank you . now come on , get you coat , get you camera . let 's go . let 's see where we be before we plan the future . ilene walk into the house . Gary stay with the view for moment , then go inside after she . ext . tramway - day 17 a old fashioned , open tram cross a bucolic green corridor of leafy tree and tall grass . later , it pass by a small town comprise almost exclusively of old , small white house . int . / ext . tramway - day 18 the tram be in motion , and Maya be sit inside , write in a small notebook . she finish a sentence and look out , see the small town pass by . 39 . Maya go back to she notebook , try to concentrate again , when she 's interrupt by a couple of portuguese boy , pedro and bento , a bit older , around 16 year old , who be sit behind she . pedro lean in . pedro o que voce esta escrevendo ? maya ( hard portuguese accent ) desculpa , eu nao falo ... pedro yes , you do . you speak very well . Maya be able to understand that he 's play with she , and make a bigger effort . maya eu nao falo portugue . they laugh . pedro I see . that 's ok . what be you write ? maya oh , it 's nothing . pedro be you go to the beach ? maya I be . she turn around , and look at they . she see that they carry boogie board with they . maya I take it this be the right direction . pedro where be you from ? maya I be from England , the East midland , but my family move to London last year . you ? pedro I be from porto , a few hour to the North . bento here be from sintra . 40 . bento I live in sintra . be you here on vacation ? maya sort of . bento what be it then ? Maya avoid the question . maya hey , can I rent a boogie board on the beach ? pedro get up and come to sit next to Maya . pedro no . but you can use mine . maya no , that 's okay . pedro bento have one too . we can take turn . bento have you ever be to praia das magas ? maya never . pedro oh , you be go to love it . I can not wait for you to see it . it 's the most beautiful beach . praia das magas . Beach of the apple . maya be there a lot of apple tree there ? pedro none . it 's call '' Apple Beach '' because of the apple in the Bible , you know ? maya no. 19 41 . pedro in paradise . the temptation . the original sin . maya the Adam and Eve apple ? bento yes , that 's right . maya that 's insane . they laugh . pedro we be a very Catholic country , you know . ext . santa eufemia - day 19 carlinhos , a 5 or 6 year old boy , come from the wood near the church , play with a small shovel , pick up fall leave . tiago ( 0.s . ) many , many year ago , at a time when the barbarian dominate Portugal , there live in sintra a princess name eufemia , who fall in love with a nice country boy . carlinhos run up the road , to a open area where the quaint Church of Santa eufemia be build . tiago ( 0.s. ) ( cont 'd ) her father the King be a very tough , conservative man , and would not allow the relationship with a commoner , so they have to stop see each other once and for all . carlinhos look at the simple church , white , with a couple of small green window , the image of a female saint on tile to the side , and a cross at the very top . it 's strikingly beautiful in its simplicity . carlinhos' mother ( 0o.s. ) carlinhos !! volta !! carlinhos run back towards he mother . we get closer to the church , where Michel be stand outside , next to tiago . 42 . the back part of the church be all construct in stone , very old , with a garden and another small building in the same style . tiago one day , the princess run into the boy 's mother , who tell she that the boy have be strike with a very painful , debilite skin disease . the princess -— michel ( interrupt ) ah! voila ! Michel wave . Jimmy and frankie be walk up a dirt road , towards the church . frankie bonjour ! joana and joao , two sintra local , carry a picnic basket and bottle of wine , walk arm in arm , a few step ahead of they . joana look back , discreetly towards frankie , and whisper something to she husband . Michel greet frankie , two kiss . michel michel vien , chérie . tiago est en come , cherie . tiago be train de nous raconter tell we the story of the l'histoire de sainte- Saint . euphémie . frankie what a beautiful church , so simple . jimmy I tell you ! frankie bonjour , tiago ! tiago bonjour , senhora . I be tell they that during the time of the barbarian -- michel it 's okay , tiago . michel ( a frankie ) La jolie princesse s’était éprise d’un gargon du peuple mais le roi son pére lui interdit de le revoir . Le jeune homme tomba alor gravement malade . michel ( to tiago ) just keep go . tiago the disease spread 43 . michel ( to frankie ) the good princess fall in love with a commoner and she father forbid they affair . the boy get sick . all over - the boy 's body , he whole skin , be full of horrible , bloody sore . the princess go to see the boy , against she father 's order , and bring he here , where they use to come to see the view . she wash he in the water from the fountain and - frankie his skin go back to normal immediately . tiago no . not immediately . he feel better slowly . it take he day . arm first , then the leg , the face and then - - ; the whole body . it be a miracle . frankie and people still come here to wash themselves in this miraculous water . tiago they do , because the water be say to cure people of all malady . frankie know what be go on in they mind . michel where 's the fountain ? tiago point to a sign to the side . impatient , frankie start to walk the other way , down towards the wood . michel 44 , frankie ! s'il the plait . jimmy frankie ! a think disturb frankie ; she stop midway and turn back to respond to Jimmy and Michel . frankie the two of you together ... I can not take it . worst combination ! michel please ? jimmy ( to Michel ) leave it . it 's the Michel put he hand in prayer , implore . michel frankie , please . frankie arréte ton cirque , Michel . michel ce not sont pas trois gouttes d’eau qui vont the faire du mal , frankie . frankie je not crois pas a4 ces connery . michel ne traite pas ga de connery . frankie D ’accord , pardon . mais s’il the plait arréte , 1a . et arréte de prendre cet air accablé . je noen peux plus de cette téte d’enterrement . comme si celle de Jimmy not I suffisait pas . regarde-le . frankie oh , Michel . you be make a scene . michel it do not hurt , frankie - to splash a little water . frankie I do not believe in this shit . michel do not call it ' shit 's . frankie okay , I be sorry . but please stop . and stop look so miserable . I can not put up with the sad face . I have enough of that with Jimmy already . look at he . 20 45 . they turn to look at Jimmy , who stand lose in he own thought , not listen . frankie frankie ( a Michel ) ( to Michel ) je suis 4 bout , 1a . I almost can not bear it . michel michel sois plus douce , frankie . be kind , frankie . this be not tout not tourne pas autour de all about you . toi . frankie frankie ah bon ? be not it ? frankie I be go to ask you both a favor : at least pretend that you accept my fate . for the sake of this trip , for the family , for today , please . frankie turn around , and go into the wood , leave the three man alone in the churchyard . ext . tapada da roma - day 20 frankie walk through the wood . the sunlight draw geometric pattern on the ground , while play a sometimes bright but mostly dark game on frankie 's face . what could be jarring have a calming effect on she . she pause to enjoy the sunlight on she face for a moment , and then keep go . a big family of local be have a picnic in a open area , surround by a fertile garden , and connect to a modest quinta that sit on the edge of the wood . there be a picnic table set up under a leafy grape arbor , and a fire burn in a portable barbecue pit in the center . it 's a happy event , with kide run around while adult sit around the table eat a big family meal . among they , the couple from the previous scene . joana 's face brighten up , and she see something and poke antonia , she aunt , next to she . joana joana nao the disse ? I tell you . the woman recognize frankie immediately : antonia irma aline . sister aline . joana frangoise cremont . 21 46 . frankie nod and smile , acknowledge they presence , and try to keep go , but now the whole family be look at she . antonia pour some wine in a glass . antonia Madame cremont ! she offer the glass to frankie . frankie oh . thank you . antonia I be a big fan . frankie ( jokingly ) you must have good taste in movie . antonia I know you from the tv . frankie oh , sure . let I guess - — antonia os arquivos do vaticano . joana the vatican file . frankie raise she glass . frankie os arquivos do vaticano forever ! antonia it 's my mother 's birthday . she have be happy if you can make a toast with we ? she really identify with you character sister aline . int . santa eufemia - day 21 Inside the simple church , Michel be sit , he eye close in prayer , in front of the small statue of a Saint . Jimmy stand in the rear of the church , watch Michel . he take hold of the back of a bench , uncomfortable . 22 47 . ext . santa eufemia - day 22 tiago stand at the side of the church , check he phone . jimmy ( 0.s. ) you do not really believe in all this , do you ? tiago smile . tiago I do not know , senhor . whatever help can not hurt you . jimmy I guess that 's right . tiago pull out a pack of cigarettes . tiago you mind ? jimmy not at all . tiago offer one from the pack to Jimmy . jimmy no , no , thank you . tiago light up , and they stand together , quietly . jimmy be you marry , tiago ? tiago yes , I be . I have a wife and a son . they live in braga , in the North . jimmy I see . you be separate then ? tiago no , no , no . just for five month a year . I come down here for the tourist season . jimmy I imagine that can be difficult . tiago to be honest , it be . it 's very hard . my wife , she 's like my police . ( more ) 23 48. tiago ( cont 'd ) I love she , but she do not even like I sit next to another woman . you can imagine what it 's like when I be here in sintra . jimmy hmm . tiago that 's why I look so tired today . I go out to dinner with a friend last night , another guide , and when I call my wife later to say '' goodnight , I love you '' , she already know where I have be , what I drank , and who else be at the restaurant . it be incredible . we stay up for hour on the phone , which be not good for my business . I have to be alert , and the day be not short , you know ? tiago take a long drag . tiago ( cont 'd ) sometimes I do not even know why I stay marry . Jimmy just look at tiago . he do not know how to respond . tiago ( cont 'd ) I be sorry , seflor . it 's not to bother you . I be good . I be fine . shall we move on ? I will go see about you friend now , make sure we do not lose he . this be not really a place for tourist , and it 's quite difficult to find the spot of the '' miraculous water . '' tiago walk away , leave Jimmy alone with he thought . ext . tapada da roma - day 23 frankie sit on the bench , next to ermelinda , a beautiful , older lady in she 80' , surround by the whole family , who move around loudly , rearranging themselves around the two woman . ermelinda lean over to frankie . ermelinda j'ai vu votre photo dan le magazine . celle qu ail ont prise 4 l’hdépital . vous vous étes battue comme une lionne , Madame . 49 , ermelinda I see you photo in the Magazine . the photo in the hospital . you fight a tough battle , Madame . frankie 's do not know how to react to she comment ; she smile , with no conviction . a young man , felipe , she great nephew , stand in front of the crowd with a camera , a real camera , ready to take a photo . felipe tia , um pouquinho mais pra direita . isso . Gustavo , fica parado ! felipe auntie , go to the right . Gustavo , stay put ! ermelinda continue she whisper to frankie . ermelinda ma meilleure amie a vécu la méme choose . c’était une femme d’une force exceptionnelle , mais je 1 xai quand méme perdue . vous , vous avez gagné . vous étes 1a . vous étes une dame intrépide . antonia ermelinda my best friend go through the same thing . she be a tough woman , but I lose she . you win . you be here . you must be very brave . ( scream , to everyone ) feliz aniversdrio , mama ! felipe prontos ?! the family raise they glass , fill with wine , and start sing in portuguese . family member paraben a voce nessa data querida -- ermelinda n&o , nado ! para . s6 um momento . ermelinda no , no ! stop. stop ! just a moment . the crowd quiet down to listen to the Old Lady . 24 50 . ermelinda ermelinda a maravilhosa frangoise to the stun frangoise cremont , que fez of meu cremont , who make my 88th octagésimo oitavo aniversdrio birthday a more beautiful ficar mais alegre. one . ermelinda ermelinda ( a frankie ) ( to frankie ) a vous , frangoise cremont , to you , frangoise cremont , qui avez rendu mon 88 be who make my 88th birthday a anniversaire encore plus more beautiful one . beau ! ermelinda ( to all ) a la santé ! everybody be happy , cheer and toast . - everyone a la santé ! para sua satde ! frangoise ! and they start sing again . everyone paraben a voce nessa data querida muitas felicidade muitos ano de vida hoje € dia de festa cantam as nossas alma para a menina ermelinda uma salva de palmas ! there 's applause and whistle all around . it 's a loud , messy and happy family moment . frankie lean over , and give the old lady a kiss . felipe take a picture . ext . praia das maca / beach - day 24 a few surfer float lazily on top of they board in the sea . as a wave rise , pedro swim with fast stroke in order to ride it . as the surf break , pedro pick up speed with he board , conquer the wave and gracefully riding it all the way to the sand . Maya sit on a towel on the white sand scribbling in she notebook . 25 51 . she raise she eye , and see pedro , he face , hair and body drip sea water . he tuck the boogie board into the sand , in front of Maya . CUT to : Maya dive into the ocean with a boogie board . she brave the break wave with fast , strong stroke against the current , swim all the way past the surf . Maya float in the ocean , on the board , blue sky above she , a restful moment before the wave crash on . ext . portuguese bakery - day 25 Ian , still in he run outfit , come from inside with two coffee . he approach sylvia , wait outside , and she grab one of the two cup . ian wait . I think it 's the other one . sylvia what be you talk about ? ian you coffee . sylvia the cappuccino be for I . ian mine be with skim milk . sylvia offer he she cup , so they can switch . ian wait ? sylvia Tan . ian I be confuse now . sylvia for God 's sake , sweetheart , you just run four mile . a little fat will not kill you . she pick up he cup , and make he take hers , a little forcefully . 52 . they walk up the street , sylvia 's cell phone ring . she look at it , and try to disguise she eagerness to answer it . ian another let agent ? sylvia be surprised . sylvia look for it , Ian , and you shall find it . upset , she rush to get away from he . he have to pick up the pace to catch up with she fast step . ian do not be such a ass . Maya tell I . sylvia she tell you what ? ian she tell I . you do not have to hide from I anymore , sylvia . sylvia I do not know what she tell you because there 's nothing to tell . and why would you ask she , anyway ? why would you involve she ? it 's not some machiavellian scheme . I be just look . ian that mean you be think . sylvia you can not be that surprised . ian I be not surprised , but it make I sad . what we be go through ... I think it 's normal . sylvia I do not want normal . ian where 's Maya anyway ? sylvia I be sure she go to the beach . she want we all to go yesterday . 26 53. ian the beach ?? sylvia probably . ian alone ? sylvia I guess . ian why do you let she ? sylvia she do not ask I . ian I hope it 's safe . sylvia I tell she not to go very far . ian she have a mind of she own , we girl . sylvia oh yes , she do . Ian put he arm around sylvia . ian like she mother . they walk up the road in each other 's arm , a romantic couple on vacation for a moment . ext . jardim da vigia - day 26 ilene walk fast , ahead of Gary , who struggle a little try to catch up . gary you be walk so fast . we be not in New York City , you know . you would think you be try to get away from I . ilene I be just a little throw , that 's all . 54 . gary ilene , please , slow down . Gary stop , give ilene little option but to do so as well . gary ( cont 'd ) listen to I . I have spend the last ten year of my life go wherever work take I . I use to get so excited about go to a new place -— Iceland , patagonia , Vancouver ! - but now I be tired . not tired , but I have a strange feel . emptiness . I be home , the sun go down , and ... I think I just feel lonely . do you ever feel that way ? ilene no . not really . I like be by myself . I always have , even when I be a kid . I get home after two month away , and I be happy to be by myself . I have my book , my magazine , my kitchen , my bed , my friend when I want they . I feel content . gary I guess I do not . I be not content . I want change . I do not want to just continue like it 's all go to last forever . I want to start something new . with you . New for both of we . we have to admit we be in the middle , ilene , or past the middle . it 's not really the time to coast , be it ? ilene Gary , you just need to make you own movie . ilene proceed , start to walk again . gary no , that 's not what I need . maybe I will , maybe I will not . they approach the end of this green , lush walkway , and suddenly they be in the middle of a road , where car and loud tuk tuk 's , ride by . 27 55 . gary ( cont 'd ) but I be ready to settle down , ilene . I love you . I love be with you . you know I do not care about marriage , that 's not important to I . but be with you be . it be important to I . and Water mill could be the answer . there 's a lot of space there . I could turn the garage into a new studio for I , and then you could have the second bedroom inside all for yourself . I would knock before enter . I promise . what do you say ? a mega tourist bus invade the screen , and stop right ahead of Gary and ilene . it 's door open , with a mechanize , loud oomph ! ilene 's attention veer towards the crowd of tourist , who descend upon the road , happy and excited . a moment later , she find herself in the middle of the crowd , which seem to have multiply itself . ilene let herself be take away by the movement of the crowd . Gary look out , but soon he can not see she anymore . gary ilene ? ilene ? ilene ! ext . pena park / chapel manuelina - day 27 Michel and Jimmy walk through a sunny area in the park , in the middle of a conversation . michel .+. j just as the sun rise every morning , and the night come at the end of the day , I be certain frankie and I be go to be together forever . so when one day she tell I she be leave , I wonder , how be it possible ? when we get marry , I believe in that vow . ' til death do we part , and all of that . jimmy you always be a good Catholic . 56 . michel you know , until today , I have not be inside a church in a long time . but yes , I be raise ina very Catholic family . they continue walk . michel ( cont 'd ) frankie and I be so young . and I be scared . I do not know if anything be go to work out . the restaurant . frankie . my relationship to my own family . it 's hard to remember now - we remember mostly the fun , the exciting part - but it be scary to be young , no ? jimmy oh yes . michel you never meet my father , do you ? jimmy I do not think so . michel he be tough . he be in the resistance , you know , a real hero . and a real Catholic . Marriage for I be a life saver . jimmy that 's not very sexy , be it ? a woman want to feel desire , not need for survival . michel not just woman . we do too . but at that time , I do not know that . I could not imagine my life without frankie . and yet , today I know that she leave be the best thing that ever happen to I . I meet Thierry . I finally allow myself to fall in love with a man . jimmy that must have feel good . 57 . michel Times be different , you know . the way I be bring up and everything . it be not easy for I , but Thierry be very persistent . jimmy I remember the day you call to tell frankie . michel frankie act so shocked , I almost give she a oscar . jimmy that be not a performance . I be there . michel but , please . she should have know . jimmy she do not . michel amazing how people sometimes choose not to see what 's right in front of they . jimmy she tell I she never know , which mean that you performance must have be very convincing . you should have get the oscar . Michel laugh , then continue . michel she be very worried about Paul . Thierry and I . how it would affect he . jimmy she 's still very worried about Paul , but not because of you . she can not see he as anything but a small child in need of constant guidance and protection . kid have to be leave to find they own path . certainly my daughter have . sylvia never look at I for any direction , even when she be a little girl . 58 . they pause . a quiet moment of reflection between they . jimmy ( cont 'd ) I like Thierry , by the way . I really do . what happen ? michel I do not know . maybe the restaurant . late night . other man . alcohol . we give it we best . jimmy I know that . they approach a small chapel , where tiago be wait for they . he step forward , and greet the two man with he proud expertise . tiago the capela manuelina be build by jeronimo monk in the sixteenth century . this use to be a sacred space for meditation and reclusi -- michel ( to tiago ) just a minute , my dear . ( to Jimmy ) Jimmy , after frankie ... jimmy please . michel ...- thing might change . after . if there 's somebody , and I hope there will be - jimmy Michel . michel life take turn , you know . thing change . jimmy I do not know what '' after frankie '' mean . there 's no '' after frankie '' for I . there 's some tension , and tiago feel it might be better to leave the two man alone . 28 59 . tiago I be go to talk to the guard , and see if we can get inside . michel let 's go , Jimmy . Jimmy do not seem very interested . michel ( cont 'd ) I be tell there 's some beautiful Arabic tile inside . jimmy ( to Michel ) no. you go . I will catch up with you later . ext . pena park / casa do jardineiro - day 28 Gary be walk alone , when he recognize someone in front and pick up speed . gary frankie ! frankie be walk alone right ahead . she turn , as Gary approach , he right hand extend , greeting she . gary ( cont 'd ) bonjour , frankie , frangoise . I be Gary . I be here with ilene . we arrive this morning . frankie ah ! you be the friend . gary she tell you about I ? frankie no , she do not . my husband do . I guess you meet he earlier . they shake hand . gary such a pleasure to meet you . frankie and Gary walk along the road , side by side , make small talk . 60 . gary ( cont 'd ) I be work with ilene on Star Wars . I be the second unit dp . frankie that must be a lot of work . gary I be tired , and thankful for this break . frankie first time in sintra ? gary first time in Portugal . we have be shoot for almost a month now , and when ilene tell I you be here , I say ' let 's go 's . I 'ma big fan , you know . frankie I be a fan of ilene 's . she 's be a good friend . gary we meet on another film we do together . the void . I be the principal dp on that . we have be hang out , you know . frankie I be not sure what that mean . gary I love ilene . frankie ah . that 's something . gary frankie , ilene say . May I call you frankie ? frankie that 's what my friend call I . gary you look even better in person , you know . do people tell you that ? frankie you be be kind . 61 . gary no , it 's true . you know , I want to talk with you about something , if we can find the right time . I have a film project that I want to direct . frankie you first time direct ? gary yes , well , no . but my first feature . I have be think about it for a long time . and I have shot over 18 film for other people . I be ready to start , you know . and I think you and I share a taste ina certain kind of cinema . it 's about a opera singer who lose she voice . frankie ha . that 's funny . gary I think you have be perfect for it . frankie I can not sing . gary but that 's it ! she lose she voice . it 's almost like silent film act , and I can not think of anyone more expressive for the role . like greta garbo . frankie or fatty arbuckle . Gary laugh , uncomfortably . gary can I can send you the script ? frankie if you have like . when be you think of shoot this ? gary it 's not go to happen now . I need a year , at least , to prepare . ( more ) 62 . gary ( cont 'd ) if we be go to collaborate I think it 's better to be up front with you , it 's go to take time to get it together . you know the business . I have say realistically it will be a year , a year and a half , before we start shoot . frankie I see . frankie take a deep breath . they walk side by side in silence for a moment . gary you know , frankie . I be go to take time off to work on this film . I have a house in Water mill , that 's just under two hour from New York , it 's a beautiful place . I have invite ilene to come live with I . do not you think it would be a good idea for she to settle down a little bit ? not travel so much . not work so much on project she do not really care about ? frankie do it matter what I think ? gary you know she well . frankie but do it matter ? if you have invite she , then you should know . ilene be the kind of woman who will tell you straight to you face what she think . no bullshit , ilene . and no bullshitter . she do not have time for people who be not very real , very sincere , you know ? that 's why I like she . Gary do not know quite how to respond . frankie ( cont 'd ) now if you 's 1ll excuse I , I be go to go look for my son . I have not see he since the morning , and this be mean to be a family vacation . 29 63. she walk away , leave Gary alone among the tree and the silence . ext . praia das maca / cliff - day 29 the cliff at the end of the beach . Maya , wear only a long T-shirt over she wet beach clothes , hike / climb the tricky part of a ledge . she place one foot on a rock , while one hand try to hold on to a higher mark on the ledge . she make sure the one foot be firm on the rock , while look for a safe step for the other foot . she climb up for a second , but not sure of she next step , stride back down . that 's when a help hand enter frame . pedro extend he arm and pull Maya up . as she climb , she step with the wrong foot , and fall into he arm , clumsy . they smile , a bit disconcert . Maya and pedro walk hand in hand on this rocky path high up , at the end of the beach . they be away but not far from the sand , surround by the ocean . they stop to look at the view ; the long golden sand beach , and on the other end , a rocky cliff crown with small , charming white house , typical portuguese . maya be that still sintra ? pedro that 's colare , actually . maya it 's so pretty . pedro I know you would like it . if you like , I can buy you a postcard . Maya face the view , breathe in the moment . pedro come from behind , and put he arm around she . she hold he arm , welcoming the gesture . pedro ( cont 'd ) I use to come here with my parent and my sister every summer . my whole life , until I be thirteen . maya and then what happen . 64 . pedro my parent get divorced . my vacation be divide between time with Mom , then time with dad , and there be no time leave for this Apple Beach anymore . a seagull fly overhead , and dive into the water . a wave crash in the ocean down below . pedro ( cont 'd ) but then I meet bento in lisboa last year . we play football against each other in a national tournament . his school win , but we become friend after , and he invite I to visit he in sintra . pedro turn Maya around . they be face to face , and she give he a kiss . pedro smile , happily surprised , and soon after they kiss again , this time a long , slow one , both discover the pleasure of each other 's mouth . pedro ( cont 'd ) I have a confession . the real story of this Apple Beach have nothing to do with Adam and Eve . I be sorry . can I tell you ? maya it 's okay . if you would like . pedro they say that the ribeira River , over there , use to carry down apple from the farm in colare all the way to the coast , and they would end on the beach down here . but the thing be , I have never see one single apple tree in colare , so I do not believe this story . there be not any apple farm in colare . for Maya , he talk too much . she kiss he again . after another long moment , he pull away , and look at she with near wonder . pedro ( cont 'd ) when can I see you again ? 30 maya ( laugh ) but I be still here . pedro 65 . I know , but I miss you already . she smile , happy . ext . sequoias road - day 30 Paul be walk alone on the road , appreciate the view and enjoy a peaceful moment . he carry the beat down bouquet of flower . frankie ( 0.s. ) Paul ! he turn around , and see he mother rush down to be with he . frankie Paul . attend . j’arrive . frankie Paul . wait . I be come . he open he arm , and embrace he mother when she come close . they hold each other for a long moment , strongly . the conversation between they be all in french . paul tien , c’est pour toi . elle sont un peu défraichy , mais bon . he hand she the flower . frankie can tombe bien , moi aussi . paul allez , ga mérite quand méme un selfie . he pull out he phone . frankie ah non , tu as vu mar téte ? paul this be for you . they have see better day , I know . frankie that 's perfect , so have I . paul let 's take a picture . frankie oh no , not with this hair . paul arréte . tu es super belle aujourd'hui . frankie tu dis ga pour I faire plaisir . paul non , c’est la vérité . tu es magnifique . tien , tourne - toi par 1a , avec le paysage derriére nous . 66 . paul c'mon . you look so beautiful today . frankie you be just say that . paul but you do . you look wonderful . come here , turn this way . with the view behind we . accept the compliment , frankie comb she hair with she hand quickly , before positioning herself for a photo . Paul put he arm around she , and take a selfie . frankie on en prend un autre . frankie one more . she change she angle slightly . another click . frankie envoie -le a Jimmy . paul a vos ordre . they start walk , side by side . frankie je n’ai pas tré bien dormi . paul encore the migraine ? frankie atroce . c’est de pire en pire . paul prend the cachet . frankie mais je le prend . frankie send it to Jimmy . paul right now . frankie I do not sleep very well . paul headaches again ? frankie awful . they be get worse . paul take the pill . frankie I be . paul augment la dose . frankie ce n’est pas comme ga que ¢a marche . Il faut que joen parle au Dr. Bernhard . tu sais , il sont déja tré fort . _ paul et alor ? a ce stade ... 67 . paul take more . frankie it 's not like that . I have to talk to Dr. Bernhard . they be very strong , you know . paul so what ? at this point . Paul talk without think , and he comment hit frankie the wrong way . her eye tear up , and she look away , try to hide they from she son . but he know . paul excuse-moi maman . vraiment désolé . je suis frankie mais il n’y a pas de quoi . paul c’est juste que je not veux pas que tu souffre . frankie tu as raison . a ce stade , qu ’est - ce que ga peut faire ? paul en tout cas , tu as l’air reposée . frankie je suis payée pour faire semblant . frankie take she bracelet off . before she offer it to he . frankie tien . je voudrais the le donner . paul I be sorry , maman . I be so sorry . frankie nothing to be sorry about . paul I just do not want you to feel any pain . frankie you be right . at this point , who care ? paul anyway , you do look rest . frankie I be good at pretend . Paul notice she admire it , frankie here . I want you to have this . she push the shiny bracelet into he hand . paul je noen veux pas . he try to give it back . frankie Il vaut au moin vingt mille euros . Si je the le donne maintenant , tu n’auras pas de droit a payer plus tard . Met -le 4 l’abri dan un coin sir et comme ga d'ici quelque annéée , le tour est joué , c’est a toi . personne n’y verra que du feu . paul oui mais je noen veux pas . frankie Il plaira peut -étre 4 to future femme . paul avant ga il faudrait déja que je I trouve une copine , tu not crois pas ? frankie c'est cher la vie 4 New York , tu sais . paul j'y vais avec un tré bon boulot , comme je the l’ai déja dit . je sais que ga the dépasse , mais je gagne extrémement bien mar vie . frankie je sais . et je n’approuve pas . paul que tu approuve ou pas , ¢a m’est égal . 68. paul I do not want this . frankie it 's worth at least twenty thousand . if you take it now , there will not be any tax later . just put it away somewhere very safe . then in a few year , voila , it 's yours . no one will know the difference . paul I do not want it . frankie maybe you future wife will like it . paul I would first need to find a girlfriend , do not you think ? frankie New York can be very expensive , you know . paul I have a good job . you know that . I know it 's hard for you to believe , but I make a lot of money . frankie I know . I do not approve . paul I do not care if you approve . she forcefully hand he the bracelet . frankie bon allez . prends-le . 69 . frankie here . take it . Paul hold the bracelet , finally , but look at it without much care . frankie Il y a autre choose dont it faut qu ’on discute . cette histoire de trust dont a parlé sylvia . l’argent , c’est ton domaine . De quoi il s'agit ? paul pour ga il faudrait qu ’on prenne rendez-vous avec un avocat , quelqu ’un qui maitrise vraiment le sujet . can not se régle pas comme ga et on n’est pas obligé de parler de droit de succession maintenant . Si on est en vacance c’est justement pour oublier tout ga . frankie c’est pourtant vité réglé . tout ce que j’ai , c’est loo appartement de Paris . je l’ai déja mis en vente , et j’ai l’intention de léguer ce que je vais en tirer au Conservatoire . paul ah bon ? tu leur en fais don ? et Jimmy , il le sait déja ? frankie mais , oui . Bien sir . toi , tu n’as pas besoin de moi . tu I ln'as déja parfaitement fait comprendre . Jimmy s’est tré bien débrouillé , il a mis ce qu 'o lui faut de cdté . sylvia peut compter sur Ian . je suis stire qu 'o a gagné encore plus d’argent que toi . frankie there 's something else we need to talk about . this incorporate idea of sylvia 's . money be you business . what be she talk about ? paul I think we should just set up a meeting with a lawyer , someone who really understand the situation . this thing be complicated . we do not need to talk inheritance tax while we be here . it 's a vacation from all of that . frankie not much to talk about . all I have be the apartment in Paris . I have already put it on the market . I intend to donate the proceed to the Conservatoire . paul really ? you be give it away ? do Jimmy know ? frankie yes . of course . you do not need I . you have make that perfectly clear . and Jimmy 's save plenty from he own work . there 's more than enough there . and Ian will take care of sylvia . I be sure he 's make even more than you . paul sirement . je not suis pas en train de I plaindre , maman . je n’ai aucune envie de vivre a Paris . Si tu veux faire don de l’appartement , vas-y . simplement ... je suis surpris . Il vaut tant que ga de toute fagon ? frankie j’'en demande trois million . tu connais le quartier . paul a mon avis tu the trompes . frankie ne I dis pas que je I trompe . tu n’as pas a I rabaisser comme ga . can n’est vraiment pas nécessaire . et ensuite le Conservatoire s'est engagé a créer une bourse frangoise cremont pour les apprentis comédien . paul ah d’accord ... frankie je sais que c’est vaniteux de mar part . mais c’est ga que je veux , et je prend me dispostion en conséquence . j'ai besoin que tu t'assure qu ail le feront bien . tu peux I promettre de then occuper , Paul ? paul quxil feront bien quoi ? frankie quxil créeront bel et bien cette bourse ! paul non mais arréte , 1a ! on dirait que tu parle d’une bande d'escroc . 70 . paul I be sure . I be not complain , maman . I do not want to live in Paris anyway . it 's fine for you to give the apartment away . I be just ... I be surprised . be the apartment really worth that much money anyway ? frankie I be ask three million . you know the neighborhood . paul I think you be mistaken . frankie do not tell I I be mistaken . do not put I down like that . it 's not necessary . it 's not . and the school have promise they would set up a frangoise cremont Scholarship for young actor . paul ah. I see . frankie it 's vanity , I know . but I want it , and I be plan for it now . I need you to make sure they do it . can you promise I that , Paul ? paul they do what ? frankie set up the scholarship ! paul oh , please . they be not crook . frankie quant au reste , il n’y a pas grand - choose . je le donne au fur et a mesure . 71 . frankie the rest , there 's not much . I be give it away as I go . Paul look at the bracelet again . this time , the light hit it 's precious stone , and it shine brighter : it seem to hold more value than just a few second before . frankie tu as vu ilene ? paul c’est qui ilene ? frankie mon amie ilene . elle est arrivée . paul ilene . celle dont tu parle tous le temp . frankie oui . mon amie chef-coiffeuse . elle a énormement de talent . et puis elle est maligne comme tout , et elle I fait rire . je suis stire qu ’elle the plairait . paul elle habite & New York ... frankie nod . paul et elle n’a pas de meec . frankie ah ga , je noen sais rien . mais elle est tré jolie . elle est beaucoup plus jeune que moi . paul et comme par hasard elle débarque a sintra en méme temp que nous . frankie have you see ilene yet ? paul who 's ilene . frankie my friend ilene . she 's here . paul ilene . the one you always talk about . frankie yes . my hair stylist friend . she 's so talented . smart , she make I laugh . I be sure you would really like she . paul she life in New York . paul and she 's single . frankie ah , that -- I do not know . but she 's very pretty . she 's much young than I , you know . paul and she happen to be in sintra at the same time that we be here . frankie elle traville en espagne . c’est juste a cdté . paul c’était censé étre des vancance en famille ! frankie elle est sur le tournage du nouveau Star Wars . c’est énorme ! donc tu vois , quand je the dis qu ’elle est douée ... 72 . frankie she 's work in Spain , around the corner . paul this be suppose to be a family vacation ! frankie she 's on the new Star Wars movie . it 's a major job . show you how good she be . all of a sudden , the bracelet feel heavy on Paul 's hand . he 's clearly very upset , and he toss the bracelet up and down . paul c’est marrant . La plupart des mére trouvent que personne n’est jamais assez bien pour les fil . frankie je not sais pas de quelle mére tu parle . pas la mienne en tout cas . du moment qu 'o était un homme et pas juif , elle était ravie . can lui était méme égal qu 'o soit homo . they pause , angry . frankie Paul , toute to vie je t’ai toujour donné tout ce que tu as voulu , et pourtant tu n'e jamais content de rien . rien not the suffit jamais . aucune femme . aucun homme . aucune mére . aucun pére . paul funny . for most mother , there be never anyone good enough for they son . frankie I do not know what mother you be talk about . not my mother . as long as he be a man and he be not a Jew , she be perfectly happy . she do not even care if he be a homosexual . frankie Paul , I have give you everything you have ever want you whole life , and yet you be never satisfied with anything . nothing be enough for you . no woman . no man . no mother . no father . in one quick gesture , Paul throw the bracelet away , far away down the hill . frankie Paul ?! mais tu es malade ?? frankie Paul ?! be you crazy ?? 31 73. Paul turn around and walk away from he mom , furious . frankie take off , go run down the hill , drop the bouquet of flower behind she . ext . rua rigueirinho - day 31 Paul be still fume , walk with firm , fast step , when he run into sylvia . paul there you be . sylvia yes , I be late . I be meeting Ian for lunch in town . paul I just come from talk with frankie . sylvia and ? paul the level of manipulation be beyond anything I can fully explain . and by the way , she 's sell the Paris apartment , so do not get you hope up . she 's get all she duck in a row , as the Americans say . you know she would leave nothing to chance . sylvia what do you mean she 's sell the apartment ? paul it 's already on the market , and she 's make up she mind . she 's leave everything she 's get to the Conservatoire , which be not much , it turn out , besides the apartment . the news stop sylvia cold in she track . she lean on the ancient , moss cover rail wall that accompany the road . sylvia seriously ? that 's absurd . 32 74 . paul she work she whole life . she can do whatever she want with she money . and what she want be to be remember . she 's set up the frangoise cremont Scholarship Fund for poor and needy actress . that 's what she want . I be sorry she death will not help you leave you boring husband , but I quite like the idea . sylvia pick up she pace , walk fast away from Paul . paul sylvia . sylvia ! ext . sequoias road - day 32 ilene walk by herself in the wood . this be a more primitive , more chaotic part of the hill . the tree be taller , they canopy denser , and the light struggle to reach the ground . ilene allow herself to get lose in the color , the shade and light of nature . a sound bring ilene 's attention back to the earth . she look to the side , behind a bush , and see a woman on all four , sweeping fall leave around with she hand . it 's frankie , comb through the foliage , look for something . a shiny point a few foot away make she frantic for a second , until she realize it 's nothing but a ordinary rock . she look up , and see ilene . ilene what do you lose now , frankie darling ? ilene extend she hand , but frankie be not ready to get up yet . frankie if you stumble upon a bulgari bracelet , it 's mine . ilene seriously ? frankie emerald , ruby and diamond . ilene go down on the ground and look around she , and so do frankie . they can not find anything . 75 . they be both on all four , now face to face , and they start laugh . ilene you be joke . frankie I be not . ilene what happen ? frankie my stupid son . ilene Paul ? frankie it 's the only one I have . help I up here . I have look everywhere already . ilene get up , and extend she hand . frankie hold it , and as she get up , she fall into ilene 's arm . frankie oh ilene . it 's so good to see you . ilene it 's good to see you . frankie 's face look more pale than normal . her eye lose sight , she lip lose they color . she feel suddenly dizzy . ilene frankie . frankie I be okay . frankie try to stay up , but she leg get weak . frankie ( cont 'd ) help I . ilene rush to hold she friend , but as she do , frankie start to fall down . ilene frankie ! 33 76 . ilene still try to hold she up , but once she notice it 's serious , and frankie be actually fall , she let she to the ground , carefully , hold she head so it do not hit anything . ilene ( cont 'd ) oh my god. frankie ! frankie lie on the ground , as she eye roll back , and the muscle in she body jerk rhythmically for a second . ilene stand back , desperate , unsure of what to do . ext . restaurant - day 33 Ian and sylvia sit at a restaurant in the city of sintra . he 's serve a salad by the waiter , while sylvia pick on bread and butter at the table . ian you be not go to eat ? sylvia I be not very hungry . Ian dig into he meal . sylvia ( cont 'd ) I will have a glass of wine . waiter ! the waiter come back , while sylvia be look at the menu . sylvia ( cont 'd ) ( to the waiter ) a glass of planalto , por favor . the waiter take the menu , and leave . Ian look down at he plate , and stick he fork into a big chunk of lettuce . ian regardless of what I feel , and of what I think you feel , we have a home and a amazing daughter , and ... maybe it 's my personality , I do not know ... I do not grow up like you . all of you . I do not have the same expectation maybe . I have like to think that we life together , we family , be the most important thing . 77 . sylvia be not expect this . she take a sip of Ian 's white wine . ian ( cont ’d ) of course I can fantasize once ina while what my life would be like if I have make different choice . that 's normal . it 's human . but actually go through a divorce ? it have not cross my mind . sylvia never ? ian no . sylvia well , I can not say the same . they sit in a silence for a moment . ian so then you must know that there 's only one ' ground 's for divorce under british law , which be that the marriage have irretrievably break down . five fact may constitute this ground : adultery , unreasonable behavior , two year separation , if both party consent ; five year separation , if only one party consent , and two year desertion . Ian pause , and eat a small bite of he meal . ian ( cont ’d ) I have be faithful to you , sylvia . it would take a long , very expensive legal battle to try and prove unreasonable behavior on my part , which I think would be you only possible path . sylvia I never think about get into a battle with you . ian so I be glad we be have this conversation , because I would not just let you go , sylvia . you have have to take I to a court of law , that 's what it would take . 78 . sylvia God , you do more research than I do . ian of course I do . I call a lawyer . what do you expect I to do ? he make some calculation for I . sylvia calculation ! ian I like to be prepare . you must have make calculation , yourself , but this be what we come up with . in the unlikely event that you be grant a decree absolute , since you do not have a salary , you alimony would get you , accord to we calculation , a one bedroom in Upper edmonton , maybe a two bed / one bath in lower edmonton . the waiter arrive with sylvia 's glass of white wine . sylvia that 's where Maya 's kick box instructor life . ian be she the bolivian ? sylvia yes . ian then , maybe . that would make sense . I hear lower be very popular among South american immigrant . sylvia take a sip of she wine , and get up . sylvia I be go to go . ian you do not want to go with I to pick up Maya ? sylvia no . I want to go see the regaleira . 34 79 . ian you want to go see the regaleira . I see . what be the regaleira , may I ask ? sylvia it do not matter . ian no , that 's right . you be right , sylvia . it do not matter . sylvia turn around , and head out . Ian , disappointed , pick up she glass full of wine . ext . caminho da fonte dos amore / boica road - day 34 ilene have she arm around frankie , as they walk out of the wood . ilene should not we call a doctor ? frankie I be fine , ilene . ilene you sure ? frankie I be down on my knee for so long , when I get up I just feel faint for a moment . ilene you do not just faint , sweetie . you have a seizure . frankie be it really ? ilene yes . you scared I to death . frankie I be so sorry . ilene no . it 's just that I have no idea what to do . ilene let go of frankie , but keep a eye on she . 80 . they walk out of the wood , and into the road . ilene you sure you be okay now ? frankie yes . I just feel a little cold . do not you ? ilene let I take you to you hotel . frankie it 's not far , I think . it 's a narrow road , and a SMALL group of hiker come walk from the opposite direction , ilene and frankie get squeeze on the side of the road . ilene have this happen before ? frankie I have one of this every other day now . ilene but I think you be fine . frankie I be . after the treatment , I have two year completely cancer free . I go back to work , and it be great . I make two film , back to back , in England and in France . ilene you tell I you be exhaust . frankie yes , but only because it be a long shoot , the one in bath , and we have to be outdoors in the winter . it be not easy , but it be wonderful . and I feel fine . ilene and you do the series after ? frankie just one episode . they bring I back for one episode . ( more ) 81 . frankie ( cont 'd ) it be suppose to be quick and easy , but I suddenly start to feel nauseous . I know there be something go on , so I be reluctant to go see my doctor . I finish the work . and then I go to see he . ilene blanch , feel bad news about to hit . frankie ( cont 'd ) I do not want to go into all the detail , but the cancer have spread , it 's everywhere . ilene oh , frankie . frankie they do not think I 'il see the New Year . ilene look around she , the nature and the sky , look for something to say , but she can not say anything . frankie ( cont 'd ) the difficult part for I be see people cry , so please do not cry . I want you to come here , because I want you to meet my family . I want we to have a good time , which for I now mean just time together . ilene throw she arm around frankie . ilene I be go to miss you terribly . frankie I know you will . ilene squeeze she even tighter . ilene be you still cold ? frankie I be okay . ilene do you have any idea where we be ? frankie look around the road , try to find she way . 35 82 . ilene ( cont 'd ) oh no . why do I trust you ? frankie laugh . they have be through this before . frankie I have no sense of direction ! a tuk tuk pass by , noisily , with no passenger . frankie see it and immediately make a gesture for it to stop . frankie ( cont 'd ) hey ! ext . sequoias road / tuk tuk - day 35 frankie and ilene ride on the back of the tuk tuk through the road of sintra . it go fast , and it 's not the most comfortable vehicle ... but they laugh when they have to hold on to each other , as the tuk tuk go into a sharp turn . around they , the lush mountain of sintra , its exotic palace , its sublime tile wall and its crumble old house . frankie and ilene have to talk loudly to be hear . frankie I meet you fiancé . ilene fiancé ? do he say that ?? frankie he say he want to marry you . ilene oh God . frankie laugh . frankie and he want I to be in he movie . he 's go to give I a script . ilene damn Gary . I be sorry , frankie . I tell he not to do that . frankie I tell he I would read it , but it better be the star role ! 83 . ilene of course it be . he adore frangoise cremont . he really have see all you movie . frankie he have a lot of plan , this Gary . ilene he 's a sweet guy , actually . we have have a lot of fun together . and I think the script will be good . he 's deeper than he seem , believe it or not . frankie but you know he 's not the right one for you , ilene . you must . ilene but be there ' the right one 's for I ? frankie of course there be . ilene I do not know . I feel like I have be look my whole life ! frankie '' trouve avant de chercher . " '' ilene look at she , not follow . frankie ( cont 'd ) '' find it before you look for it . '' it 's something Jimmy say . one of he famous quote . Paul valery . or breton , I think . the annoying noise of the mechanize three - wheeled taxi accompany the beautiful ride . frankie ( cont 'd ) '' trouve avant de chercher . " '' ilene '' trouve avant de chercher . " '' 36 37 84 . ext . caminho da fonte dos amore / boica road - day 36 Gary walk down a remote , long road , alone , oblivious to everything around he . a old portuguese man walk by with he dog , and as they pass by , the dog bark at Gary , bring he back to the moment . old portuguese man ( to he dog ) quieto ! nao faga isso . ( to Gary ) desculpe . Gary smile politely , as the Old man and the dog pass by . and now , with the dog 's bark far away , there be a strong silence surround Gary . he can hear the tree move , and the wind , with pierce clarity . he be alone with himself in this beautiful place , in sintra . ext . quinta da boica - day 37 ilene come out of the house , onto the terrace . she take in the view of the lush valley below , a moment on she own to reflect on the tough news of the day . gary ( 0.s. ) ilene ! it 's Gary , come towards she , from the front gate of the quinta . as he approach she , ilene walk towards he and , unexpectedly , she fall into he arm . gary oh , baby . Gary , surprised by she emotion , tighten he embrace . gary ( cont 'd ) oh , honey , sweet girl . do not worry . it 's okay . it 's okay . ilene it 's not ... gary shhh ... you do not need to say anything . 85 . ilene when I come here ... I be not expect so much . gary I know . I either . this place be really more to dream than to talk about . she look at he with compassion . gary ( cont 'd ) I do not know if it 's the mountain air , or this beautiful surroundings , I do not know ... but I realize today that love be all that matter . not money . not job , or movie . or even companionship . I know it 's cliché , but for the first time I understand it 's only love that matter . ilene listen intently . this be turn out differently than she expect . gary ( cont 'd ) I be go to leave , ilene . ilene but we still have a couple day off . gary I know we do , but I 'il stay in Lisbon for a night or two . it 's suppose to be a great town . ilene Gary , I be sorry - gary there 's no need to apologize . my feeling for you ... if it 's not reciprocal , it 's silly to pretend . I be too old for that . besides , I understand how much you value you independence . stay here and enjoy you friend . that 's what you come here for . ilene Gary , when you shoot you film , I 'il come work on it . 38 39 86 . gary no , I do not think that 's a good idea anymore . I hope you understand . ilene oh . of course I do . I understand . Gary turn to go . gary I should go pack . I have a car come soon . he go into the house , leave ilene alone on the terrace . int . quinta do sao thiago / frankie & jimmy 's suite - day 38 in she hotel room , frankie be sleep . her pale white skin barely cover the vein below , she look fragile , vulnerable , and so different than she have throughout . Jimmy sit in a chair by the bed , watch she closely , listen to every movement , every breath . after a long moment , he stand , and start to take off he clothes . he carefully hang he pants on the back of a chair , then he shirt on a hanger . he go to the bed , and get in beside frankie . then he turn , and put he arm around she . she feel he body close to hers , and turn towards he . they start to make love , quietly , passionately . ext . travessa do santa maria - day 39 ilene walk along the road . michel ( 0.s. ) ilene ! Michel approach , follow by tiago and Paul . michel ( cont 'd ) I do not think you have meet my son , Paul . introduction be make , they exchange handshake . 87 . michel ( cont 'd ) we be go to go get some coffee and patisserie . do you want to come with we ? ilene no , thank you . but I be plan to meet frankie later . at the top . tiago peninha . michel ( to ilene ) yes , good , then we will see you there . they come to a split in the road . tiago it 's this way . tiago and Michel take the turn , but Paul hesitates behind . paul paul papa , je vous rejoin . papa , I will catch up with you . michel michel oui oui , bien sir . prend ton of course , of course . take temp . you time . they disappear , leave ilene and Paul alone . they begin to walk together . ilene I hear you be move to New York . paul and you live there , be that right ? ilene twenty three year . do you know where in the city you be go to be live ? paul I do not know . ilene I think you mother tell I you have a find a place already . 88 . paul my mother think she know everything . she have all this plan , you know . ilene of course . she 's in a hurry . Paul seem a bit surprised at ilene 's comment . paul so you know . ilene yes . I be so sorry . if ever you need anything - paul we will be fine by ourselves , thank you . ilene be take aback . paul ( cont 'd ) I be sorry . ilene you know you mother invite I here . paul I know she do . she want we to meet . she 's afraid I be go to end up alone in New York City . ilene maybe she just want to see I . frankie and I be good friend , you know . paul can I tell a story , about frankie ? ilene I be not sure I want to hear it , Paul . it 's not necessary . paul but I want you to hear it . it will help you understand we family a little better . you see , Jimmy 's always have a thing for Portugal . we be all thankful to he for that . it 's a gift he give we : Portugal . ( more ) 89 . paul ( cont 'd ) this be probably we fifth or sixth time to come here together . and sintra particularly , you know they come here on they honeymoon , do not you ? that be they second honeymoon . they have each have other before . but when my mom first start see he , he take we on a trip to the Algarve . have you be ? ilene never . paul praia da falésia , beautiful beach south of here , and twenty year ago , before the Portugal renaissance , or destruction , depend on who 's talk , it be almost desert . really gorgeous . Mom , Jimmy , and sylvia , he daughter sylvia . have you meet , sylvia ? ilene no , I have not . paul she 's lovely , a little damage , but lovely . we all go to the Algarve together . Mom have move to London , but only for a short time , for a film , but clearly she and Jimmy be also testing the water , for the new family to be . a family vacation be decide , and off we go . I barely speak any English at the time . I be just you average french schoolboy , so as you can imagine I be very nervous . excite , but nervous . particularly because of sylvia . I have meet she a couple of time , and , really , you might not know it now , but she be the most beautiful girl ever . she be , she be - a few year older than I . I be maybe fifteen , and she be eighteen or nineteen . she have a woman 's body already . a beautiful body . when I see she in a bikini , oh my God ... and I be such a boy ! anyway , it be summer , and hot , and she and I would spend the whole day on the beach together . ( more ) 90 . paul ( cont 'd ) maybe I do not need to go on . you get the picture , right ? ilene do not answer . Paul continue . paul ( cont 'd ) one night , Mom and Jimmy go out to dinner , and we say , sylvia and I , we be go to stay home , and watch tv . they be show the movie grease on tv . you remember . ( sing summer lovin 's ) tell I more , tell I more , do you get very far . ilene chuckle . paul ( cont 'd ) I do not know what get into I , because I be actually a very shy boy , pimple , and skinny , and very uncomfortable , but I get up and I start to imitate John travolta . I grab sylvia so we could dance together , and she scream ! not because she do not want to . no , she be sun burn . and so , naturally , I offer to put some lotion on she shoulder . she take she shirt off . a girl trot on a horse come they way , follow a blonde trainer , who hold the rein of she horse with white glove . paul ( cont 'd ) when my mom and Jimmy come back , we be have sex on the couch . I and my soon - to - be step sister . the rider come fast , and Paul and ilene have to make space for they to pass by on the road . paul ( cont 'd ) as you can imagine , that be the end of this new family idea . I be send back to live with Michel in Paris . and my mother move to London . to live with Jimmy and sylvia . and that be that . ilene take it in . 91 . paul ( cont 'd ) you see , in Portugal , I lose my mother once already . it only seem fitting that I be here again now . he stop , and look at ilene more closely . paul ( cont 'd ) she 's right about one thing : you be very attractive , you know . ilene be that a compliment ? paul maybe . my mother would like we to get marry . ilene be silent . paul ( cont 'd ) do you think you be the marrying type ? ilene not to you . paul I do not think so . a uncomfortable moment between they . ilene when be you move ? paul I do not know now . everything be a bit up in the air , as you can imagine , schedule - wise . ilene if it be soon , I would have be happy to introduce you to a few people in New York , but I do not think I will be there all that much longer . paul oh no . pity ! 40 92 . ilene yes . I get a offer to work on a series , in London , in fact , for the BBC . I need a break from New York - I have be there too long . paul I see . ilene I be so look forward to tell you mother , but now I can not . I just can not . paul yes , I understand . they stand for a moment , together . nothing more to be say , it seem . paul ( cont 'd ) I be go to go now , and catch up with my father . ilene ok . I be sure I will see you later . paul yes , I be sure we will . Paul walk off , back in the direction of Michel and tiago . a few foot away , he turn , and call out to ilene . paul ( cont 'd ) ilene . she turn and stop . paul ( cont 'd ) thank you for listen . she smile , this time warmly , before they walk they separate way . ext . praia das maca / beach - day 40 it 's still bright on the beach , but the sunlight be more gentle , casting long shadow as it approach the horizon . some seagull fly above the surf , only to dive in head on , hunt for fish . on the sand , only a few group of family or friend , not as crowded as before . 4l 93. Maya and pedro come walk along the surf , side by side . they do not hold hand , but walk very close to each other , in silence , watch the wave break . each be very aware of the other 's body next to they ; as Maya 's arm swing , it gently rub pedro 's , and she prolong the moment , feel he skin against hers , extend a finger so it can hold he finger for a brief moment , playfully , romantic . pedro look at Maya , as they continue they stroll on the sand , too self conscious to hold hand , but full of desire . ext . praia das maca / beach - day 4l a group of EIGHT boy and two girl sit in a circle on the sand , with towel , backpack , beer bottle and cigarettes scattered all around . all attention be on bento , pedro 's buddy from the tram , who read from a notebook . bento '' what be love if not blaze flame ? I ask grandpa , will he ever get over lose frankie . will he ever let go . '' you be ask the wrong question '' , he say . '' it 's not about get over , or let go . '' he put he arm around I , and I wonder how this could possibly be about anything else . '' it 's about honore what happen , '' he say . '' you meet a person that awoke something in you . a fire ignite . '' there 's laughter all around . bento continue . bento ( cont 'd ) '' the work be to be grateful . grateful everyday that someone cross you path and leave a mark on you . '' when grandpa leave , I look at my reflection on the water , and wonder ; who will be the one to ignite this fire inside of I ? '' ( comment ) wow !! more laughter , louder . bento can not see that , behind he , Maya and pedro be approach . he continue to read : 42 94 , bento ( cont 'd ) '' and when it happen , I want to hold he and kiss he , we body melting into each other , we heart beat as one . '' Maya can still hear the last word . she recognize she word , and jump in to grab the diary from bento 's hand . maya what be you do ?? caught by surprise , bento toss the book to another friend , and this friend to another . Maya run around , try to grab it from they . pedro ( in portuguese ) stop it ! guy ! when one of the boy play with Maya , swinging the book around she face like bait , and then toss it away to another friend , the unexpected happen : Maya push the boy hard , and he fall to the sand . Maya dive ready to fight some more . it 's a complete surprise , and the boy try to hold she back . some of they laugh . pedro get into the mix , and a fight amongst they ensue . there 's a scream , and laughter , punch and sand throw all around . the book fall on the sand , and Maya immediately grab it . she then grab she backpack and walk away . pedro push one of the boy who continue to laugh , and they fight on the sand . through a arm lock from the boy , he see Maya go away . pedro ( cont 'd ) Maya ! int . quinta do sao thiago / frankie & jimmy 's suite - day 42 Jimmy be lie on the bed , he eye close . in the distance , a piano play softly . Jimmy open he eye , listen to the music . 43 95 . int . quinta do sao thiago / library - day 43 the grand library with a old piano in its center , where frankie be play music she know so well . a cleaning lady from the hotel , walk by carry a bag full of laundry . frankie smile , but the lady lower she head , shy and discreet . Jimmy enter , and stay by the door frame , admire the scene , as frankie continue to play . her hand glide through the different key with the ease of someone who 's train , but not a professional . she make a slight mistake , but keep go , as Jimmy come to sit next to she on the stool . she move a bit to give he space . jimmy beautiful . frankie look into he eye , as she keep play , and see that he 's actually cry , under a force smile . jimmy ( cont 'd ) I be sorry . frankie do not be . it 's sad . it 's very sad , indeed . jimmy yes . the song come to a natural end , and frankie reach to close the piano , but Jimmy stop she . jimmy ( cont 'd ) how about one more . frankie no , I be go to go for a walk , if you do not mind . i’1l meet you all at peninha . frankie give Jimmy a small kiss on he head , then get up from the stool and leave . Jimmy , alone with the piano , the empty room , and the silence . until he strike a key , any key . 44 45 46 47 48 49 96 . ext . quinta do sao thiago / front gate - day 44 frankie come out of the quinta , and head up the long sloping driveway towards the road . ext . praia das maca / town - day 45 Maya run through the street of the small beach town . ext . caminho dos castanhais / sintra - day 46 frankie go up a path towards sintra , border by a old stone wall , with graffiti etched into the rock . as she go up the steep incline ahead of she , she pause for a second , catch she breath , but soon start again , with determination . ext . tramway - day 47 sitting on the tram , Maya be lose in she own thought , of the beach , and the day , behind she . ext . sequoias road - day 48 leave the wood behind , frankie walk onto the road where , earlier , she have she argument with Paul . after she take a few step on the road , she see something that make she pause . in front of she , the beat up bouquet of flower be still on the ground , oblivious to the people and the traffic that pass by . frankie pick it up , and smell the flower . the scent of lavender instantly bring memory back to she . int . / ext . tram / tram stop - day 49 the tram make its way back into the city of sintra . inside the tram : Maya sit on the aisle , look at sight . maya 's Pov from the tram : the little center of town have be take over by tourist and buse , its café and gift shop fill with people from all over the world . Ian be come around the corner towards the final tram stop . 50 97 . inside the tram : some people start to get up and gather they thing . Maya recognize someone on the street , and wave . Ian wave , but notice that Maya be wave at someone else . he look in that direction , and see sylvia come he way . she wave to Maya . Ian and sylvia , husband and wife , meet , and wait together for the tram to come to a stop . Maya step off , and onto the platform . she embrace she mother so tightly , that sylvia be a little throw . ext . peninha sanctuary - day 50 ilene walk beside a long wooden rail cover in moss of various tone , go up the hill , create a dirt path . as she enter the canyon , ilene run into Jimmy , surround by magnificent rock in this mostly desolate area . the wind be constantly blow , and a mist have start to form . ilene how do you find frankie ? jimmy Beyond recover . ilene she 's a star . jimmy yes , I know . it 's wonderful ... and complicated . ilene I can imagine . jimmy you know , people seldom say '' no '' to frankie . ilene I know . she must have be very disappointed with my visit . jimmy she be not expect you have show up with a boyfriend . ilene ex-boyfriend . 98. Jimmy look at ilene , and raise he eyebrow . ilene laugh . ilene ( cont 'd ) as soon as we get here , he propose to I . jimmy and ? ilene he 's go back to Lisbon , tonight . jimmy poor Gary . ilene oh , I do not know . do not get the wrong idea about I , or anything . I be not some kind of femme fatale . jimmy you must do as you feel . ilene do someone famous say that ? Jimmy laugh . jimmy ( cont 'd ) no , just I . ilene I guess it 's true . I have to be true to myself . but now I admit I regret it a little . it mean I will have to start up again that phase of drink and meal , and date with man I hardly know . I be start to think maybe I be too old for it . jimmy careful there . if you be old , what be I . ilene it 's completely different for you , man . the older you be , the more attractive you get . jimmy be that right ? 99 . ilene oh , you must know . I be not go to name name , but you have a good fan base in New York . ilene smile . now Jimmy jimmy really ? ilene really . jimmy you know , maybe you need a change . take some time off . Travel . ilene maybe . I have always love New York . really have a love affair with it for the longest time . but lately I find every little thing about it irritate . the amount of people , the constant development , the noise , the terrible subways . laugh . ilene ( cont 'd ) it 's true ! all my favorite restaurant be go , or go soon . jimmy not keenus ! ilene but you can not eat at keen 's every night . jimmy why not ? ilene laugh again . it feel good to talk honestly . ilene you know , it 's funny . if Gary have propose to I in New York , maybe I would have answer differently . but here , I do not know . there 's something about this place . I actually feel strong . ( pause ) ( more ) 100 . ilene ( cont 'd ) you know Jimmy , I hope to be in London before the end of the year . there 's a job , and it 's for several month . I hope I can be a support for frankie . and for you . jimmy when will you be there ? ilene soon . I be wait to hear confirmation from the production . jimmy please , let I know . I have love to show you around . ilene stand still , and hug herself , tightening she sweatshirt around she shoulder , protect against the wind . she turn to Jimmy , who be now face to face with she . ilene it 's get chilly all of a sudden . jimmy I know . I get it now why people say that sintra be the place where winter go to spend the summer . ilene laugh . ilene I be not sure I understand that completely , but it sound true . Jimmy take off he jacket . jimmy here take this ... ilene no , please . I will be fine .... jimmy wee I can not watch you shaking like that .... ilene ... it be just silly not to bring something with I . jimmy wee I could be hold responsible if something happen to you . ( more ) 51 52 53 101 . jimmy ( cont 'd ) even if this will be a touch big for you , it will at least keep you warm . he put the jacket over she shoulder , and she wrap it around herself . they stand silently for a moment . jimmy ( cont 'd ) shall we continue up , and see if the other have arrive ? ilene yes . of course . they start walk together , higher up the hill . ext . peninha sanctuary - day 51 on top of the hill , frankie move slowly along a terrace outside the abandon sanctuary , a yellow building with crumble wall . the wind blow and a mist surround she , as she walk along . but frankie be pay no attention to nature . instead , she be observe the scene take place below . frankie 's Pov : frankie see Jimmy and ilene . they look good together , and there 's a lightness in Jimmy we have not see before . the wind blow a strong gust , and frankie have to hold the fragile wooden rail hard . frankie 's Pov : Jimmy take he jacket off , and put it over ilene 's shoulder . she be a unexpected witness to this gentle action , and the future that it might herald . ext . peninha sanctuary - day 52 at another spot on the hill , Michel stand with he binocular to he eye . he drop they , and we can see in he face that he have see everything . ext . peninha sanctuary - day 53 Paul be walk up the road , when he pass by the ruin of a old house . he slow down when he see a couple make out against the wall . 54 55 102 . the hand of the woman caress the back of the man 's head . she be wear a shiny bracelet . Paul come closer . he can not believe he eye , but there 's no mistake : this be frankie 's bracelet , on this woman 's wrist , as she stroke she man 's head . the couple be suddenly aware of Paul 's presence , and they pull apart . they be the flower seller , bianca and she boyfriend joao miguel , who be last see fight earlier on . they see Paul , and decide to leave . Paul keep on he way , but turn around to catch a glimpse of the couple walk hand in hand , go down the road . the vendor steal a kiss on the bianca 's neck , while she laugh , very much in love . ext./ int . peninha sanctuary / abandoned chapel - day 54 we see a small chapel perch on top of the hillside . frankie be inside , a abandon ruin make of stone wall and wooden floor . instead of door and window , just they gap between wall . it 's dark , quiet and there 's nothing to see , like a death chamber . frankie touch the wall , feel the rock , and listen to she own footstep . she see a stream of water run down the old wall . she extend she hand , and feel the water on she skin . outside , a few cloud fly by against the still blue sky , take by strong wind . frankie hear a sound , and in the rear of the chapel , almost in darkness , she see tiago , with he cell phone and a light cigarette . he and frankie look at each other for a moment , warily , and then frankie start move slowly , leave the sanctuary , and head towards the light outside . ext . peninha sanctuary - day 55 frankie walk outside the chapel , and onto a rocky pasture . the wind blast and a cloud blow intermittently against the sky . she tighten up she jacket , protect herself against a sudden chill . she walk ahead , to the edge of the cliff in front of she , and the long drop below . 103 . frankie look out to the sea . time stop for long moment . and then she turn to see what 's behind she . come to meet she from different direction be Jimmy and ilene , and Paul . not far be Ian and sylvia , with Maya behind they . in the rear be Michel , with tiago help he navigate the rock and the climb . and then , as if always , Jimmy be beside frankie . he put he arm around she . she feel he presence , he body , he weight , and then -- before the other have even fully arrive to see the view -- frankie be ready to go , ready to continue . frankie on y va ? and without pause or hesitation , she lead Jimmy and the rest back towards the town , back towards what 's ahead for she , for all of they . as she arrive at Michel , he put up a fuss for a moment as to miss the view . but frankie insist , and he and tiago turn around and follow the rest , as the head down and away . Cloud come and go . and then , the sky clear up momentarily , and we marvel at the spectacular view of the sun set on the entire sintra coastline down below - the mountain , the town , the tree top , the white beach , and the infinite ocean .