freaked written by Tim burn , Tom stern &amp ; Alex Winter seventh draft January 12 , 1992 int . regis &amp ; kathie lee show set a horribly deform figure -- hunchback , misshapen head -- sit on a stool in complete silhouette . this be rick coogan . rick can you imagine it , regis , kathie Lee ? one day I be a hot young movie star , and the next day I be a hideous mutant freak , cover with fester lesion . oddly , regis and kathie lee be also in complete silhouette . regis sound like my wife when she miss a mudpack ! the audience crack up . kathie Lee pooh -pooh regis . kathie lee oh regis ! you be incorrigible ! ha - ha ! ( to Rick , she turn earnest ) ricky , once you be the all - american boy next door , star of the beloved hey dude film . now the very mention of you name make child scream in terror . we have all read about you disturbing story . but the people want to hear it from you , ricky Coogan . ( sfx : child scream ) wo not you tell we you story ? rick well , it 's kinda long , but okay . it all start when I sign a deal to be spokesman for the e.e.s. conglomerate ... dissolve to : int . e.e.s. conference room - day the e.e.s. logo -- a large metal shoe with a bar across it , with the word " everything except shoe " beneath . wide to reveal richard hertz , president of e.e.s. , smile rigidly to camera . rick coogan be next to he , also hold a stiff movie-star smile . flash ! they shake hand as the EES photographer take publicity shot . off to one side , behind hertz , be several EES executive . behind Rick be he entourage : lawyer , bodyguard , trainer , stylist , and spirit guide . 2 . further off , at the boardroom table , four doddering old corporate fart on the brink of death look on with glaze expression . rick ( through a clench smile ) so , what kind of crap do you scumbag want I to pedal ? hertz everything . everything except shoe , of course . hah hah ... he laugh pathetically . Rick do not respond . hertz nod to a nearby executive who hand he some beef stick . hertz meaty twig beef stick . Rick take they and hold they up to the camera . smile . flash . hertz helmet head hair spray . he take the hair spray and hold it up . smile . flash . the assistant carefully hand hertz a pulsate metal container with lot of warning and danger symbol on it . hertz give it to Rick . hertz noxon 24 biogenetic neuro - fertilizer . Rick hold it up , then push it away in disgust . rick fertilizer ? ricky Coogan do not do ad for hi-tech cow shit . I be a star , get it , hertz ? ( to he aide ) Rico , give this misguide clown tony danza 's phone number , and let 's get the hell out of here . he give the finger to the EES photographer , who obligingly take a picture . hertz wave at he to get lose , and call after Rick who 's head to the door with he entourage . hertz Rick . wait ! only you can stand up to the radical try to keep noxon from the struggle farmer whose very future depend on it . 3. rick ( hesitate ) noxon ? be not that just ban ? hertz only in the u.s.... and Europe . rick but I hear that shit 's lethal . hertz let out a big laugh . he shake he head at Rick . hertz Rick , Rick , Rick ... you want proof ? Fine . just take a seat . please . Rick nod to he entourage . they sit at the boardroom table , across from the EES exec . a easel behind hertz show a placard with a bar graph . hertz whisper something to a aide , who scurries off . hertz ( to rick ) meet the head of we South american research facility , Juan valdez . the aide usher in a handsome latin american executive in a natty three - piece suit and a sombrero . GEORGE my name be George ramirez . hertz whatever . he 's work with noxon 24 every day for five year , and he 's in fine shape . be not you , Juan ? George glare at hertz bitterly . hertz stare he down . GEORGE yes . I be fine . I and my team in Santa flan have -- rick Santa " flan ? " what kind of shitty name for a country be that ? GEORGE it be name for the patron saint of creamy dessert ... as I be say , we have work very closely with noxon ... 4. Rick nod . we cut back to George , but he be not George anymore . he have mutate into a similar look actor , in the same suit , the same sombrero , but short and swarthier . GEORGE ( cont 'd ) I personally supervise its development ... Rick furrow he brow . he 's a little suspicious of George 's transformation , but just a little . now George be even short , even swarthier . yet another actor . GEORGE ( cont 'd ) I perform rigorous scientific test . no potential danger be leave uninvestigate ... Rick 's suspicion be increase . he look over to hertz , who feign total innocence . George be now even short . still another actor . his clothes be baggy , and the sombrero be start to slide down over he face . GEORGE ( cont 'd ) the environmentalist be crackpot , all of they . Rick look at he entourage . they mouth hang open in astonishment . George have now shrink to near-midget proportion . the sombrero completely cover he head . when he take it off , we see he 's now play by linda hunt ! GEORGE it 's ridiculous , I tell you . totally ridiculous ! Rick be ready to ask question , but hertz cut he off . hertz thank you , valdez . that will be all . George nod and head back to he seat . as he pass behind hertz , he can not resist stick he thumb in he ear and make a face . rick wait a second -- 5 . hertz ricky , this be important . we be talk about a major threat to the EES image . how do 2 million dollar plus expense sound ? the aide reveal a new placard on the easel . it read " $ 2 million . " rick look , it sound great , but -- hertz I hear you . make it five million -- ( a new placard : 5 million ) that be , if the board agree ... hertz reach beside he chair and pull a lever . the old geezer beside he raise they arm stiffly , as if they be be pull by strand of fishing line , which they be . hertz good , it 's unanimous . well , what do you say , ricky ? be you EES 's " man in Santa flan ? " Rick look at he advisor -- they look over at Linda hunt , then emphatically shake they head " no . " Rick look at hertz , who show he five big finger and grin . Rick break into a big smile and give hertz he trademark thumb up sign . CUT to : int . L.A. airport security check Rick stand in line at the luggage x- ray machine . he impatiently check he watch as the x-ray checker chat he up . a craze anarchist hold a large bomb pass through the security check unquestion . x-ray checker my kid just love you in " hey dude Three : the final countdown . " we need more wholesome role model like you . rick uh-huh . ( to himself ) where the fuck be Ernie ? 6 . we hear women' scream . they turn towards the noise and see a bunch of stewardess scatter from a trendy young cad with a fake hand stick out of he fly . this be ernie , Rick 's buddy and resident court jester . ernie lady ! all I want be a manicure ! yah -ha-ha ! ( he see Rick ) it's the coog ! rick it's the ernie ! woof ! woof ! woof ! Rick pump Ernie 's third " hand . " the miff x- ray checker point to Rick 's large carry - on bag as it emerge from the X - ray machine . x-ray checker ( to rick ) mister Coogan , be this you bag ? rick yeah , why ? x-ray checker be this you kid ? he indicate the x-ray monitor , where we see the skeleton outline of a bucktoothed , bespectacled 10 year old kid curl up in Rick 's bag . the kid wave . Rick and Ernie look at each other in horror . rick / ernie stuey gluck ! the bag burst open , and out pop stuey gluck , a obsessive young autograph hound tote a stack of scrapbook and memorabilia . stuey Rick ! Rick ! look ! I get a rare still from you high school production of the Glass menagerie ! could you sign it for I ? please ?! rick no ! ( to ernie ) let 's get the hell out of here ! 7. Ernie nod and yank the bag away from under stuey . they run away down the corridor . stuey chase they , hold up a 8 by 10 photo . stuey Rick ! wait up ! further down the corridor Rick and Ernie run around a corner with stuey in pursuit . stuey Rick ! remember the speech you give at the actor Forum for Social justice !? he hold up a cassette player and hit play . it 's Rick 's old speech . rick's voice ( from tape ) if all the world be a stage , then let we shine the spotlight on truth , integrity , and a deep compassion for all life . rick leave I alone , troll ! ( to ernie ) that be before I get a entertainment lawyer . ernie Quick , down here . Ernie lead Rick down a adjacent hallway . in the hallway it 's a dead end . Rick and Ernie be trap . Ernie give Rick a sheepish look . stuey stand at the entrance of the hallway . he hold up a time magazine . stuey Rick ! Rick ! it say here noxon 's dangerous . why be you lend you name to it ? what 's happen to you , Rick ? you use to be good ! and now ... I just do not know ... stuey start to cry . Rick look guilty . rick do not cry , stuey , I be still good . 8. bam ! a pass electric baggage cart nail stuey at full speed and carry he off down the corridor , scream bloody murder . rick alright ! Rick and Ernie high five . CUT to : int . first CLASS cabin - day a sexy stewardess pour champagne for Rick and Ernie . the anarchist sit nearby with the bomb on he lap . Rick wink suggestively at the stewardess . she walk off , obviously not interested . Rick raise he glass to Ernie , ooze sleazy confidence . rick in the bag . the plane hit turbulence , and Rick 's drink fly up out of he glass -- he catch it as it come down . another stewardess help the anarchist put he bomb in the overhead compartment . Ernie ogle she . she sneer at he . we hear the captain be voice on the loudspeaker . captain ( v.0 . ) lady and gentleman , this be you captain speak . to the right of the aircraft , you can see a great view of the Grand Canyon . all the passenger crane they neck to the right . captain ( v.0 . ) and to the leave you can see a panic - stricken little troll . Rick turn to he window and fling open the shade to reveal ... stuey on the wing , press he face up against the glass . he 's hold up a publicity shot of Rick and scream something we can not hear . rick ahhhhhhh ! stuey lose he grip and be whisk off the wing . Rick watch he fall into oblivion . 9 . relieved , he turn nonchalantly to Ernie , ignore the other horrify passenger . rick you gonna eat you peanut , Ernie ? ernie Nah , you can have them . CUT to : ext . farm day a large haystack sit in the middle of a field . we hear stuey 's approach scream . stuey ( o.s. ) ahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh ... thud ! stuey miss the haystack by a few foot . he hop to he foot and dust himself off . stuey hey , I be okay ! bonk ! his scrapbook fall into frame and bean he . stuey ow ! CUT to : ext . santa flan airport - day we see the airliner lowering its landing gear as it make its final approach to the runway . rick ( vo ) here we be Ernie , Santa spam . World famous for loud music and hot sex ! ernie ( vo ) it be ? rick ( vo ) give I a few hour . ka-blooey ! the plane explode in a fireball . swish - pan to reveal ... rick and ernie 10 . stand just outside the airport . a porter follow with they bag . rick sure glad that be not we plane . Ernie nod . they be distract by the sound of chant . they squint into the distance , where they see a group of chant protester --young " save the Earth " type , latter - day hippie , kid , senior , etc . protester EES must not stay ! take you toxic crap away ! EES must not stay ! ( etc . ) some of they sign read - - " say no to noxon ! " , " Coogan go Home " , " EES be kill we Earth ! " , " ricky Coogan suck shit " ( this one hold by a nice little girl ) , " I like ike " ( hold by a confuse old man , shuffle around aimlessly ) , " drink pepsi " and finally ... " free Nelson mandela " - - we widen to reveal the subheading : " Inside specially mark box . " we keep widening to reveal that this be not on a protest placard , but a box of cereal some guy be eat as he watch the protest . ernie Jesus ! we better find the limo before this whale kisser chop we up and sell we for part . ( he spot the limo ) there it be . off to the side , away from the protester , a unmark limo with tinted window ( and plate that say not EES ) await . kevin , a EES exec , lean out the window and wave discreetly at ricky . the stewardess , look tipsy , wave they bras out the back window invitingly . Ernie try to grab ricky by the arm , but he resist . he 's look at the protester . rick wait a second ... his Pov ... a beautiful young woman stand in the center of the crowd of protester , hold a megaphone to she mouth and chant . she put down the megaphone to rest , and we can see that she 's powerfully beautiful , in a no - nonsense feminist kind of way . this be julie . Rick be smitten . 11 . ernie let 's go , Rick . they be waitin' . rick forget they . I get a better idea . if I can just find the right disguise ... ernie coog , that hippie will tear we apart . Rick spot a heavily bandaged man limping out of the airport on crutch . Rick approach he , wave a roll of bill . rick hey , how would you like to make a quick hundred buck ? the man mutter something weakly . Ernie put he ear up close to hear he better . ernie he say the pants do not usually come off for less than two - fifty , but since you be so cute , he will make a exception . flip to : rick bury beneath roll and roll of bandage , make he way through the protester on crutch . Ernie help he along , nervously . as Rick spot Julie from behind , he hand the crutch over to Ernie . rick here . Ernie take the crutch . Rick wave he arm dramatically , clutches he bandage leg , and wince in pain . rick help ! ow ! give I back my crutch ! you monster ! oh , the pain ! the agony ! he fall theatrically at Julie 's foot . julie be you okay ? let I help you ! 12 . rick thanks . do not worry about I . what 's one man 's pain weigh against the global injustice of corporate tyrant like EES ? go. the fight must continue . Julie 's buy it big time . she gaze deep into Rick 's eye . julie wow ... my name 's Julie . rick josh . josh tavner . Ernie stick a hand out , grin sarcastically . ernie mother theresa . glad to meet you . Julie turn on Ernie viciously . she slap he hard , and grab the crutch from he . ernie ow ! hey ! julie give I that , ape . help he up . Rick rise to he foot " painfully . " julie hey josh , a busload of we be head over to maracas to protest noxon 24 and pelt ricky Coogan with cow shit . rick same here ! you could ride with we . julie we ? you be with he ? she look at Ernie , who grin stupidly . rick oh , he 's okay . have you ever hear of a idiot savant ? julie sure . rick that 's Ernie . except for the savant part . 13 . Ernie glare at Rick . Rick smile at Julie hopefully . Julie look at they both , and can not help smile herself . CUT to : int . car - day Ernie drive the batter old convertible which bear the proud logo of Santa flan rent-a - car . there 's a pepsi billboard in the background . Julie massage Rick in the back seat . rick ( fake terrible pain ) ooooh , my pelvis . julie ( sympathetic ) be this better ? ernie' Pov in the rear view mirror Rick moan and crack a huge grin through he bandage . Ernie try to get in on the conversation . ernie hey Julie . you know I be kind of a idea man myself . like , let 's say there 's a nuclear war , and the only two people leave be you and the Pope ... would you pork he ? disgust , Julie smack Ernie sharply and continue massage Rick . scowl with jealousy , Ernie try a new approach . ernie but one thing 's for sure . that Coogan guy sure be a asshole , huh ? julie I will say ! what a total piece of shit . do not you think so , josh ? Rick grit he tooth . rick ( mumble noncommittally ) well , he 's get a few problem . julie and what a lousy actor ! I mean can you believe that " hey dude " crap ? 14 . rick well , with a script that bad , Coogan deserve a oscar for come off as good as he do ! ( catch himself ) I mean , that 's what I read . julie well , he 's no Christian slater . rick ( explode ) slater !? I could act circle around that one - note hack ! he be shittin ' he diaper when I be the toast of Broadway ! I make grow man cry ! I make crippled child laugh ! now all I ever hear be slater ! slater ! slater ! well slater can kiss my ass ! you hear I ? enrage , Rick rip the bandage off he face . rick you think slater could improv like this ? make you believe he be a invalid !? huh !? Julie stare at he in shock . Rick catch he breath , realize what he 's just do , and smile weakly . Ernie try to break the awkward silence . ernie ( to julie ) so , do you like swedish film ? Julie give he a murderous look . fade to black . fade up on : ext . dirt highway - later High wide shot : the car be descend deeper into the wild jungle , towards a huge eerie sunset . in the car Julie 's be lecture Rick for some time now . julie you do not even want to hear the truth about noxon , do you , Coogan ? ( more ) 15 . julie ( cont 'd ) I mean , look , I be not say this stuff be go to turn anyone into a ... a ... rick's Pov on the road behind Julie he see a crude carnival billboard feature a painting of a huge worm with a man 's head . it read " see the incredabel humin werm ! only at elijah c. skugg famus freek land . " Julie can not see it . rick ( distracted ) human worm ... julie right . a human worm . I mean , that 's just stupid . the point be -- Rick see another billboard for the freak show . this one feature a half - man / half - dog creature and say " see the aztownd dawg Boy ! " rick Dog boy ... julie yeah , or a dog boy . that 's absurd . but -- another billboard . this one feature the " hidyous frawg man . " rick hideous frog man . julie okay , okay . now you be just be silly . human suffer 's just a big joke to you , huh ? you be sick , Coogan ! she turn away from he in a huff and look out she window . she see a billboard that read " see the hole amazing famly of freekz at elijah c. skugg famus freek land and mutent emporeum ! " julie cool ! a freak show ! let 's check it out ! rick kind of like a family reunion for you , huh ? 16 . ernie lighten up , coog , could be a goof . ext . jungle roadway the car turn into a driveway near a crude , hand paint sign that say " freekztm -- thiss waey " with a messy arrow ... we zoom in to the hand paint " small print " on the bottom of the sign , which read -- " freekz be a register trademark of elijah c. skugg enterprise . any unauthorize reproduction be strictly prohibit without prior write consent . " CUT to : ext . freekz compound the car stop at the end of the long , spooky driveway , just past a sizzling electric fence . Rick , Julie , and Ernie get out and look around . it 's eerily quiet . there be a large dilapidate mining shed complete with rusted duct and a tall smoke stack , a tatter carnival tent with a ornate stage flat facade , a lopsided outhouse , a creepy break - down farm house , and in the center of it all , a giant mold carnival head with big stare eye , which slowly rotate on a creaky base . Ernie look hard at the big eye . he turn away for a second , then spin around again . the eye be look in a different direction . Ernie shake he head and unwrap a chocolate bar . julie be not it great ? it 's so " real " ... rick Real stupid . ( to ernie ) let 's go . this place be dead . ernie yeah . where be all the weirdo ? voice ( o.s. ) there be no weirdo here . startle , they turn to see elijah c. skugg , a twisted , haggard old man . he take a bite out of a ice cream cone which contain the rear half of a chipmunk with a maraschino cherry on top . elijah have bad tooth , a bad shave , and scary eye . we now realize the giant head be mold in he image . 17 . elijah mutant , yes . genetic nightmare , definitely . Children of Hell and twisted mass of live , breathe torment flesh , certainly . but as for weirdo ... not a one . unless of course you count I ! ha ha ha ! rick Nah , you seem like a regular dumbshit old redneck to I . elijah ignore he . Julie shoot he a look and smile at elijah . julie I be Julie . and you be ... elijah elijah c. skugg , proud proprietor of skugg 's fabulous freak land and mutant emporium . but you know that . after all , you have venture mile away from civilization , hospital , telephone , ( to rick ) police ... how may I help - you ? rick Drop dead . elijah smile , unfaze . Julie glare at Rick . she smile apologetically at elijah . julie we would like to see you freak show . you see , only by appreciate the variety and innovation of nature can we come to respect the fragile complexity of we global eco - system . elijah nudge Ernie . elijah and you come to I look for weirdo ? Ernie shrug . he go to take a bite out of he chocolate bar and find only the empty wrapper leave in he hand . ernie hey ! what the -- he look behind he , and there -- about ten foot away -- be ... 18. a hulking bald man wart all over , squatting on the ground and chew happily . this be toad . Julie and Rick turn and see he . julie ( repulsed ) eeuuuwww ... ( compose herself and wave ) ahem . hello . toad do not respond to she wave . elijah Mr. toad be my ... assistant . as for the show , I be afraid the next parade of deformity be not until tomorrow night ... Rick and Ernie pretend to be disappointed . they turn to leave . Julie 's sincerely upset . julie oh , just we luck ... elijah grab Rick 's shoulder and turn he around . elijah however ! I do have a private exhibit in my shed you might enjoy . I do not usually share it with the general public ... rick we be deeply honore . but no thanks . ernie yeah . we really must be -- he raise he cigarette to he lip , but it 's go ! he turn to see toad , ten foot behind he , puffing away happily . hmmm . elijah be already lead Julie towards the shed . julie the sideshow tradition have be misrepresent by the media . you do not traffic in human misery . you show society the part of itself it do not want to look at . 19 . elijah yes ... yesm I see ... he look over to Rick and Ernie with a grin that say " where would you find this nutty chick ? " Rick shrug and follow , take Ernie with he . ernie what the heck . we will see some pickle dog brain , maybe some picture of woman with , you know , add equipment . rick and to think we could be in the limo with that stewardess . elijah hold the shed door open for they . it 's pitch black inside . Julie enter . Rick and Ernie follow . ernie what the hell , coog , this people be weird , but they seem nice enough . a cute bunny sit outside the shed . thwap ! toad lash out with he ten foot tongue , and suck the bunny into he mouth . he shuffles into the shed , crunching contentedly . elijah close the shed door in we face , grin . we hear a lonq peal of evil laughter from inside . elijah ah-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha ! he-he -he ! ha - haha ! he-ho-he-he-ha-ha ! ah-ha -ha - heha ! yah-ha-ha-ha-hee-hee-ho-ha - he -he ! int . shed it 's dark and spooky . elijah stand in a pool of light , read a family Circus cartoon in the funny page . elijah ha-he-he -he ! God I love the family Circus ! how do they do it day after day ? it 's amazing . he turn to ... rick , julie , and. ernie 20 . as toad finish strapping they onto massive frankenstein - style operate table . they struggle desperately against the strap rick ( to elijah ) be you out of you mind !? elijah well , I guess they do use the same joke over and over . I be just a sucker for that little moffet 's shenanigan , that 's all . ( he toss the funnyy aside ) but perhaps I should tell you a little more about what I do . you see , I not only exhibit freak , I make they . just like Michelangelo see the angel in the stone , I look at a guy like Kevin costner and see a giant peach grub who can fart the Blue danube ! ( mop brow , ask offhandedly ) be I crazy or be it hot in here ? Rick , Julie , and Ernie shoot he a look that pretty well answer he question . elijah shrug and go back to he spiel . elijah behold ! the tasty freekz machine ! he pull a tarp off a huge complicated machine . several drum and vat of various chemical feed through a crude network of pipe , gadget and computer into a old tasty freeze soft serve ice cream machine ( the logo have be change to " tasty freekz " ) . the biggest vat read " noxon 24 . " julie my God ! he 's use noxon twenty - four ! rick hey ! you be not suppose to have that stuff ! elijah oh ? well , I guess I be not suppose to have this either ! 21 . he hold up a match towel and washcloth embroider with the " ramada Inn " logo . Rick , Julie , and Ernie gasp . he toss the towel . as elijah get work up into a frenzy , the ambience in the room become more and more horrific : the sunlight be replace by a eerie green glow , a thunderstorm rumble to life , a raven perches on the windowsill , a rat scurries across the floor , one of that plastic " bony bank " reach out and grab a quarter ... elijah I need only punch a few button on this magnificent device , and it give I a easy - to - apply ointment that will mutate a perfect young body , bubble its skin , warp its bone and twist its gut into a unspeakably repulsive , stomach - turning freak of my own design ! elijah 's hair be now stand on end . he 's foam at the mouth . a bolt of lightning and thunderclap cap the monologue . julie wait a minute . do this mean we be not go to see a show ? elijah ( ignore her ) toad , fire up that machine , and let 's turn this hapless asswipe into monstrosity ! rick , julie , ernie ( together ) aaaahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh ! elijah now let 's see . who want to get freak first ? ernie ( point at Julie ) lady first ! julie go screw yourself ! ernie if I be you , I would ! elijah hmmmm . 22. toad be adjust some knob on the machine . elijah step past he to a jerry - rig computer console . he punch some key and some rotate DNA model appear on the monitor . elijah ( mumble to himself ) it 's like yin and Yang ... ac / DC ... two bird with one stone ... yeah , it 's pretty darn good , really ... he press " enter " and the computer beep . he smile . elijah let 'er rip , toad ! toad yank a pull -start cord and the machine rumble to life . elijah pull the tasty freekz lever and fill a small dish with phosphorescent ointment . toad cut open they clothes , expose they side , and push they close together . ernie wait a second . you be really gonna smear that stuff on we and mutate we body part !? elijah correct . ernie well ... then could you give I a really big rodney ? elijah I be a mad scientist pal , not a miracle worker . elijah smear the ointment on they expose side . they skin begin to bubble and undulate . julie / ernie oh God !... no !... Holy shit ! ( etc ) a grapefruit-sized lump pop up on Ernie 's side , then another on Julie 's side , and then the lump do a little synchronize dance together . suddenly Ernie 's flesh balloon out and meld into Julie 's side . the mass of connect skin continue to bubble and mutate . odd shape press up under the skin : four human face that quickly become mount rushmore ... the pepsi logo - - " pepsi : the Choice of a New generation " ... Julie and Ernie merge into one amorphous flesh blob which then take the form of ... 23. demon version of gumby and he magic horse pokey . gumby 's get he back to camera . he 's grab he crotch and flipping everyone off . elijah gumby ! put that thing away ! gumby and pokey mutate back into a blob and then into ... julie / ernie join side to side , they two head on a single body which be split down the middle -- half Julie , half Ernie . elijah wheel a large mirror in front of they . elijah feast you eye ! julie nooooo ! ernie well , at least I will never have to go far for a piece of tail . julie pig ! she smack he . ernie ouch ! I be just try to keep thing light . oh God ! why I !? he start blubber uncontrollably . toad drag they towards the door . julie mother always say there would be day like this . and I think she be nut ! they exit . elijah turn to Rick . elijah ( gesture to Julie / Ernie ) a mere party trick . but you , you be gonna be special . elijah step over to the computer console and start punch key . rick ( get tough ) let I go , skugg , or else ! ( more ) 24 . I get some rick ( cont would ) friend that will come down here and mess you up bad , homey ! ( elijah chuckle . Rick try a different approach ) I get some other friend who can score you box seat at the superbowl , no problem . ( another failure ) you ever have you ball CUT off , you fuckin ' ape ?! ( switch gear again ) you ever have a hot fudge bath with morgana ? [ foreign take : madonna ] elijah ( look up -- interested ) you know she ? Rick nod hopefully . elijah consider it for a moment , then frown . elijah ah , screw it . I would never get anywhere with she . toad ! FIRE up that infernal yogurt machine ! toad start the machine . elijah pull the lever and dispense a bowl full of glow ointment . he carry it towards Rick , leer maniacally . elijah for year I have strive to create the ultimate monster . the first of a whole new generation of superfreak ! now I have finally get you , the perfect subject -- a real asshole ! ha - ha - ( he pause and look closer at Rick ) wait a minute . be not you the guy from " hey dude Three - the beguile ? " rick yeah , that 's I ! elijah you be great in that picture ! oh well , I guess for the next one they will have to get Christian slater ! ha-ha -ha ! 25 . elijah squish the ointment into Rick 's horrify face . CUT to : ext . the lab - night the barn look especially sinister silhouett against a big green moon . a huge ball of flame belch out of the smoke stack . rick ( o.s. ) aaaaaaahhhhhhhhhhhhrrrrggggggg ! dissolve to : ext . the lab - morning it 's eerily quiet in the dawn light . int . lab extreme close - up of Rick 's eye as it open , and search the room frantically . Close - up of Rick 's hand -- a normal hand -- strain at the bond . rick 's Pov groggily search the lab , and pick up the blurred image of elijah in the distance . he 's on the phone , speak in hushed tone . elijah this be Red swan . May I speak to the laugh man ?... yes , I will hold . for a moment , elijah be entertained by hold music to the tune of " freak out , " by chic . a man 's laugh voice come on the other end of the line . it laugh throughout the " conversation " . elijah laugh man ? Red swan . I have do it ! I find the perfect subject -- huge ego , shallow personality , almost no moral value ... a lawyer ? no , better . a actor . yeah , the guy from that hilarious " hey dude " movie ! hahahaha -- laugh man have stop laugh . elijah dummy up . 26 . elijah ( sheepishly ) well , I like them . laugh man resume laugh . elijah listen intently . elijah ( cont 'd ) right ... yes ... yes , I see ... but that 's just it . he 's not quite , uh , finish . I need more noxon so I can -- laugh man laugh so loudly elijah have to hold the phone away . elijah ( aside ) geez , what a grouch . over on the slab , Rick groan . he 's waking up . elijah notice . elijah ( to laugh man ) laugh man ? I have to go . what about the noxon ? two day ? great , you can see everything then ... yeah , you take it easy too . elijah hang up the phone , and stride over towards Rick . elijah wakey , wakey . time to meet and greet the new you . rick huh ? he flip the slab right - side up , and hold up a mirror . Rick 's eye widen in terror as he behold he hideous new form . Rick 's leave half have be transformed into a hideous , bug -ey monster ! rick aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaargh ! CUT to : ext . lab - morning bang ! the door fly open . elijah drag Rick out . horrify , Rick clutches the monster side of he face . 27 . rick oh God ! this be my good side ! elijah still be if you ask I ! Hell , even half - do , you will be the star of the show tonight . elijah stop in front of the tiny outhouse . elijah ( cont 'd ) welcome to you spacious accommodation . he unlock the door and drag Rick in . int . outhouse oddly , the interior be a vast barrack , fifty foot long and thirty foot high . Rick look around . rick ( impressed ) great use of the space . elijah I learn it all from Bob vila . bob vila walk up next to elijah . bob you know you could expose that rustic beam and put in a skylight over one weekend , elijah . elijah give it a rest , Bob ! he push Bob away into the freak house , give Rick a goodbye wink and walk out the door . ext . outhouse elijah pause and look at the tiny outhouse . elijah one of this day I gotta put a shitter in there . Bob vila step out of nowhere again , hold a time -life book . 28 . bob no problem . it 's all here in my bed and bathroom book , elijah . and you pay nothing for thirt -- bonk ! elijah knock he out cold with a ball - peen hammer from he tool belt . int . freak house it take a few moment for Rick 's eye to adjust to the dim light . there 's nobody in sight . the wall be line with dark cubicle , stack atop each other with walkway like prison cell . Rick stagger to he foot , and make he way forward . rick Ernie ? Julie ? ernie over here , coog . julie be you alright ? Rick see the vague outline of julieernie a few yard away . rick I know that voice . that 's the voice that say , ( mimic ) " cool , a freak show . let 's check it out ! " julie what !? oh sure , blame the woman . typical . rick ( mimic ) " it 's so real . " be this real enough for you ? I be friggin ' quasimodo ! ernie chill out , coog . you be talk to the original tag team of ugly puke . step into the light . rick okay , here I come . 29 . Rick step forward into a pool of light . Julie and Ernie be catch by surprise . Julie struggle to keep she composure . Ernie 's repulse . ernie ulp ! Ernie turn away and puke on the floor . Julie soldier on . julie oh geez ... it 's not so ( gulp ) revolting . after all , physical beauty be just a socially - enforce myth that we , uh , oh shit ... ulpi Julie turn away and puke on the floor . rick ( offended ) yeah , well , you be no mona lisa yourself . you be lucky I have get a strong stomach ! voice ( o.c. ) and you be lucky I do not bite you ! heh heh heh heh ... Rick wheel around to see juan the dog boy , snicker behind he . Juan be a hairy young mexican with a snout , dog ear , and canine tooth -- scrappy doo with a attitude . Rick assume a threaten pose . rick get away from I you , you ... juan freak ? ha ha hahahaha ! ( he stare hard at Rick ) I be Juan the Dog Boy , leader of the freak . julie ( walk up to they ) kind of the " top dog . " Juan scratch himself behind the ear with he hind leg . juan welcome to Hell , Rick . shake ? he extend a hand to Rick . Rick do not take it . he hear a slight rustling noise from the direction of the cubicle , and turn to look around the apparently empty freak House . 30 . rick no thanks . I do not plan on stay long . how many of you be there in here anyway ? Juan shrug mischievously and stick he snout in Rick 's face . juan first , I have a question for you , ricardo . who star in the film " International Velvet ? " rick huh ? juan well , perhaps we should ask the Worm ! the top right cubicle light up , revealing the worm . he be a man with no arm and leg , and the wrinkly , slimy body of a worm . his face be learn - look , with spectacle , a small goatee , and a pipe which he puff on pompously . juan tell we , Worm , who star in " International Velvet ? " he puff pensively on he pipe for a second . the worm yes , yes ... very interesting ... International Velvet ... the perfectly appall sequel to National Velvet , I believe . no dramatic verisimilitude whatsoever . juan yes , Worm . but who be the star ? the worm take a long , thoughtful drag on he pipe ... worm olivia dehavilland . juan olivia dehavilland ... Rick , do you agree or disagree ? rick this be nut . this be crazy ... besides , it be Tatum o'neill . 31 . juan very good . it be Tatum o'neill , now marry to tennis star John mcenroe . Circle get the square . the light come on in 9 of the center cubicle , silhouett 9 freak in a full size hollywood square 3 x 3 layout . the freak applaud Rick 's success . he 's incredulous . other freak yayyy ! Worm nudge a " 0 " into place in he cubicle , with some difficulty . he 's not happy about be prove wrong . worm blast . o'neill ... no talent ragamuffin ... juan okay , julieernie , you turn . who 's it go to be ? as Juan name the freak one by one , they square be highlight , and they wave at Rick cheerily . juan ( cont 'd ) nosey the nose man ! nosey be a man whose massive nose dominate he head . he blow into a huge hanky , and wave it wearily at Rick . juan ( contd ) cowboy ! cowboy be a young boy with cow - like feature , a cowboy hat , cowboy clothes , and a full set of udder . juan ( cont - D ) the bearded Lady ! the beard lady be a big , tough , bearded man - - in a blouse . he have lipstick , earring , and tattoo on he muscular arm . beard lady ( gruff and masculine ) how ya ' doin . juan sockhead ! sockhead be a freak with a large button - eye sock puppet for a head . he 's munch cookie which , spill uselessly out of he throatless sock mouth ... 32 . juan the human torch ! the human torch be a man engulf in flame . he wave apathetically . juan rosie the pinhead ! rosie be a pinhead in dark sunglass . she have a great bod jamme into a sexy dress . she smoke a cigarette demurely , and wave a small , arrogant big-star wave . juan the hideous frog man ! frogman be just a guy in a scuba outfit . he strike a threaten " monster " pose , then give a friendly wave . juan and of course , in the center square , Mr. Paul lynde ! suddenly the lighting change to flash red horror light with plenty of dark shadow . there 's a horrific music sting and we zoom in to a decomposing skeleton in the center cubicle . its eyeball drip out of the socket . juan well julieernie , who will it be ? ernie call I old - fashioned , but I will go with Paul lynde . julie do not be a idiot . they argue back and forth , hit and poke each other 3 stooge style . Juan turn to Rick . juan you see , Rick ? just because we be freak do not mean we can not have some fun , huh ? Rick be overwhelm by it all . he back away . rick get away from I . get away ! I be not like you . you hear I ? I be ricky Coogan ! I am not a freak ! 33. the freak laugh in Rick 's face . he storm off . dissolve to : another area of the freak house --a little later Rick sit in a corner , ponder he fate . oddly , there 's a shiny new pepsi machine in this dingy corner of the freak House . julieernie approach he . ernie okay coog , so I get twenty four hour access to T `n ' a , and you look like a plate of rancid giblet . we be still pal , right ? Rick shoot he a look . julie all the freak have go through this anguish , Rick . at first , I be blind by my anger . I admit it . I want to break you neck for get I into this . but I get over it . Juan teach I to channel my anger for the common good . rick it be you fault , anyway . you want to see the freak show . julie ( furious ) I thought I told you to shut up ! she try to wring he neck . Ernie help . Rick glare at Ernie . rick Ernie ! ernie oh ... sorry , coog . for a second there , I be a total man-hater . weird . Julie regains she cool . she take out a pamphlet , scribbles something on it , and hand it to Rick . julie here . take it . Rick examine the cover . he read it aloud . 34 . rick " so you be a hideous mutant freak - - now what ? " there 's a " 8 " scribble on the pamphlet . julie we be in cubicle eight . maybe later you will be ready to talk . rick forget it . not I . I be not like that other god-forsaken animal . he throw the -pamphlet to the ground , just as the Worm , bearded Lady , and sockhead approach . they sit down in a circle around he . the Worm look down at the pamphlet and puff thoughtfully on he pipe . worm you be mistaken , Rick . you be exactly like we . we be all normal healthy folk before we make the fateful mistake of visit this hell hole at a off hour . why , when I first come here ... wavy flashback dissolve to : ext . freak compound - the past the Worm , as a oxford professor , be wander around the grounds , take note and puffing on he pipe . worm ( v.o. ) I be a professor of lacrophylogy -- er , the study of worm , of course . I come in search of the epsosophecci dilepsidae -- in layman term , the fat pudgy worm . Mr. skugg say he have just such a worm in he shed . how could I have surmise that the specimen and I would ultimately prove to be one and the same ? we see professor Worm meet elijah , and follow he into the lab . the smoke stack belch a plume of flame as we hear he off - camera scream . dissolve back to .. the freak house -- now the Worm finish he tale . 35 . worm at first , the transformation be fabulous . I truly understand the worm 's ethos like never before . but that early day of fascination be over . now , in retrospect , I think the whole thing be a fuck headache . I would sell my soul just to be able to wipe my own ass ... he sniffles a little , but manage to hold back the tear . we pan to sockhead . sockhead I first come here as a tourist , look for some fun ... flashback dissolve to : ext . freakland - then a lanky tourist , obviously sockhead in better day . he approach elijah . sockhead ( v.o . ) anyway , then elijah turn I into a sock . that 's it . int . freak house - now sockhead shrug apologetically . sockhead sorry . I be not much for storey . the camera move in on the beard lady . beard lady when I arrive here , I be nothing like I be now . flashback dissolve to : ext . freakland - then the bearded lady ( as a man ) step out of the cab of he eighteen - wheeler . he look very much like he do now , except he have no lipstick or earring . 36 . beard lady ( v.o. ) I be confuse -- a walk contradiction , so full of question . int . freak house - now he finish he story . beard lady / man now I know who I be . I can say , " hey world . this be I . I be a woman . and I like I . " the other look at the bearded man uneasily . the camera pan past the bearded Lady , and move in on a ordinary hammer lie on the ground . flashback dissolve to : int . hardware store - day happy music . the hammer be place on a shelf by a friendly stockboy . the music turn tense as elijah appear and scan the shelf . he make eye contact with the hammer , and smile . he grab the hammer roughly and shove it in a plastic bag . darkness . ext . freakland - then the bag open , elijah reach in and take out the hammer . the music turn to psycho-like string stab as elijah use the hammer to smash in a nail . int . freak house - now everyone look at the hammer sympathetically . Rick turn away to wipe a tear from he eye . worm you be one of we now , Rick . whether you admit it or not . it 's irrefutable . rick yeah . say you . the worm shake he head . the freak turn and head back to they cubicle . Rick exchange a look with Julie before she and Ernie turn and head off . 37 . Rick be leave alone , stare pensively at the hammer . time dissolve to : hour later , Rick be still stare at the hammer . he pick it up and stare at it more closely . time dissolve to : hour later . Rick be still stare at the damn hammer . he nod with resolve . rick ( to hammer ) you be right . he spot the pamphlet on the ground , pick it up , dust it off . he open it and begin to read , under the head " 1 . it 's fun be Ugly ! " ... Rick close the pamphlet , look at the number " 8 " Julie scribble , and nod with a sense of purpose . stand up , he throw the hammer carelessly aside into the muck , and walk towards the cubicle . CUT to : int . freak house - day Rick walk past the cubicle . in one , the bearded Lady knit a sweater ... he reach cubicle 8 , and be about to speak when he hear Julie giggle . there be a man 's voice , but not Ernie 's . it 's Juan . Rick peek around and see Julie scratch Juan 's belly . he lick she face happily , and she giggle with delight . Ernie be read " the woman 's room , " try not to notice all of this . Rick watch , disgust . he tear up the pamphlet , throw it to the ground , and storm off to find he own cubicle . Ernie peek at Julie and Juan continue they foreplay . Juan stop abruptly . juan hey . mind you business . ernie sorry . 38 . Ernie return to he book . the camera pan up to Rick 's cubicle . he 's sit on he cot , distractedly whittling a log with he knife - like talon . he talk to himself , make sure to be loud enough for julieernie and Juan to hear . rick well that EES guy should rescue I any minute . then it 's straight to the plastic surgeon and back to sunny old l.a . I wonder how many of my beautiful , anatomically correct girlfriend will be wait for I . stuey gluck ( v.o. ) I will be wait for you , Rick ! rick thanks , stuey . Rick look up and see a holographic image of stuey gluck float in the air above he . rick ahh ! a phantom troll ! he swing the log wildly at the hologram , but it keep darting around , dodging the blow . cowboy lean around the cubicle wall . he talk a lot like gomer pyle . cowboy ( neighborly ) see phantom troll , Rick ? rick ( innocently ) no . Rick stop swinging , lamely pretend he be stretch , and ignore stuey , who hover around he . cowboy sound to I like you have develop a telepathic bond . do not mean yer nut or nuthin' . heck , old nosey , why he can smell the future . lot of we freak get e.s.p . and sockhead , he 's get e.s.p.n. he point at sockhead , who 's watch pro wrestle on a portable tv . sockhead watch out , hulk ! he 's gonna try the skull cracker ! 39 . cowboy shucks , Rick , you be lucky . telepathy like yours only occur between real soulmate . a bond like that should be cherish . cowboy smile and duck back into he own cubicle . stuey wow ! I be ricky Coogan 's soulmate ! rick in you dream ! now get lose , troll ! he swing wildly at the hologram , which start to break up and fade away . stuey ( fading away ) wait will I tell the kid at school ! stuey disappear . cowboy lean into Rick 's cubicle again . cowboy shucksm Rick , it do not make sense to spurn you soulmate . I reckon that troll could help you if you just let he into you heart . Rick scoff at he and start whittling again . CUT to : int . stuey' room - day it 's a cramped room fill with ricky Coogan memorabilia . stuey be draw a crude sketch of Rick on a pad . this sequence be set to brassy " man on a mission " music . stuey once America see what happen to ricky , they will probably send the whole FBI down to save he ! CUT to : int . L.A. time hallway stuey march towards a frost glass door that read " the los angele time " . 40 . stuey I will probably win a pulitzer prize for this scoop . and I will dedicate it to Rick ! he walk through the door . beat. smash ! he come fly out through the glass and land on he butt . the " time magazine " door --smash ! stuey fly out through it . the " U.S.A . today " door --smash ! stuey fly out through it . the " weekly world news " door -- we see stuey and a editor silhouett against the glass . editor ( v.0 . ) of course I will print it ! America need to know ! burt ! give mister gluck he fee and show he out . stuey ( v.0 . ) that 's okay . I know the way . smash ! stuey dive through the glass door . CUT to : ext . newsstand - day stuey proudly read the weekly world News . the front page feature stuey 's story and he sketch of Rick . stuey ( reading aloud ) " freaky deaky ! ricky Coogan 's a mutant in South America ! by Stuart S. gluck . " ( to newsstand guy ) that 's I ! suddenly two goons in dark suit snatch the paper away from stuey . they grab he and force he into a limousine . int . limousine the goons hold stuey in between they . ' he 's terrify . we hear the low , menace chuckle of the laugh man , who 's off screen . the camera be he Pov . laughing man heh heh heh heh hehh heh . 41 . stuey sure I write the article . but -- laughing man ha-ha-ha ! stuey no . you have get it all wrong . I do not know anything about that . you gotta believe I . laughing man ho-ho-hahahaha hee hee hoohaaa ! the limo cruise off down the street . we hear a power drill , stuey 's scream , and laugh man 's hearty cackle from inside . CUT to : int . rick's cubicle - night Rick have whittle he log down to a toothpick . he admire it , then lean over and fit it into a intricate three - foot scale model of the eiffel Tower , make entirely out of toothpick . the human torch walk by . human torch wow , what a great model ! ( he point at a toothpick ) but look , this one 's crooked . he reach out to fix it and -- woof ! the whole model burn to a cinder . Rick look at he hatefully . human torch ( stupidly ) sorry . elijah step into the freakhouse . elijah alright , freak ! get ready for the glamour ! get ready for the glitz ! get ready to be pelt with rotten vegetable , ' cause it 's showtime ! CUT to : 42 . ext . carnival tent elijah , look natty in he ringmaster suit , stand at the entrance , bark to various people who be drift in . elijah it 's grisly ! it 's revolting ! it will make you wish you be dead ! and at just twelve buck a head , you can bring all the kid ! we follow a kindly father through the curtain entrance . oof ! he collapse , a knife embed in he chest , revealing the total mayhem ... inside the tent the motley crowd ( local , sleazy look mobster , rogue biker , wayward hippies , and japanese tourist , etc. ) be brawling and drink and have a heck of a time . some small display and a few carnival booth be set up around the side of the tent . there 's a " petting zoo " where a kid be petting a two - tail - no-head dog . and there 's a " heavy petting zoo " where a guy be french kissing a six - legge goat . a clown sit in a dunk tank , heckling the customer . the sign say " dunk I in acid ! " clown c'mon , my granny could throw better than you ! he 's talk to a old lady , who throw a baseball , hit the target , and dunk the clown into the foam bath of carbolic acid . we hear he gurgle scream , then he bony hand reach up out of the bath . elijah walk out on stage and look at the rowdy audience . it 's total mayhem . elijah ( calmly ) quiet , please . everyone instantly sit down , shut up , and look up obediently at elijah . 43. elijah thank you . lady and gentleman , you be about to witness a cavalcade of atrocity so horrific , I advise the more sensitive member of we audience to leave the premise . two sensitive looking men wear sweater drape over they shoulder politely get up and leave . elijah tonight I be proud to announce the addition of several new monstrosity to the show , include we star attraction , the Beast Boy -- a untamed and highly dangerous ghoul who 's liable to go nut and kill we all at the drop of a hat . ( impressed " ooh " , " ahh " , and " cool " from the audience ) but first up , prepare to behold a unspeakably repulsive yet heartwarming atrocity , Three Men and a baby ! three men and a baby , all fuse into a single multi-limbed freak , walk out onstage . one of its arm hold up a dirty diaper , and all the three man hold they nose and grimace . the audience break into warm - heart laughter and applause . backstage the freak mill around in the cage - in green room , guard by toad . frogman , dress in a magician 's outfit over he wetsuit , hold a empty dove cage and search the room , whistling for he miss dove . nosey sneeze up a cloud of feather . julieernie walk determinedly towards the adjacent Men 's and woman 's restroom ... bonk ! they hit the wall between the two door . Rick be read he " script " , rehearse he line . he 's wear a cheesy " jungle " costume . rick arrrggg . I be Beast Boy . I will eat you . arrrghh . ( he throw down the script ) I can not do this shit ! he peer through the bar , scan the audience for sign .of a rescue party . 44 . rick damn it ! what 's keep that guy ? the Worm creep up behind Rick . worm something 's troubling you , my boy . what be it ? rick well , let 's see . I have be kidnap , hideously disfigure , imprison with a bunch of mutant freak , my rescue party be m.i.a. , and this dialogue make " hey dude Three " read like " Dr. Zhivago . " worm I think I know what you be go through . I too have a eat disorder . you see , I have always have a feverish obsession with pudding . and when I be a young lad ... Rick groan and look out at the audience . elijah onstage . elijah and now a perennial favorite here at freakland , lady and gentleman . I know you will all enjoy the musical styling of rosie the pinhead . rosie the pinhead strut out wear a sexy dress and hold a microphone . after the applause die down , she whip off she sunglass with a flourish , revealing she extremely goofy - look cross eye . she wail incomprehensibly and bonk she head with the mic . rosie ( drooling ) eeeeoooooooooooooiiiiieeeeee ... a series of wipe show bit of various act as the evening wear on : ernie / julie be do a vaudeville style stand - up routine while tap dance . 45 . ernie hey Julie , how many feminist do it take to screw in a light bulb ? julie how many ? ernie two . one to screw it in and one to ride my rodney ! ha-ha-ha ! julie oaf ! she bonk he with they cane . he bonk she back . she knock he cold . they both fall down . the beard lady be do a make - over demonstration . he 's get a local girl from the audience sit at a makeup table onstage . beard lady if you coloring be in the autumn range , like Maria 's , try a earth tone eye makeup . now I have do a lovely french braid on Maria , but I encourage everyone to experiment and use you imagination . the main thing be to just have fun with it . the audience be engross . some take note . sockhead be ringing that " tune bell " and sing along . sockhead edelweiss , edelweiss . he take a bow but he sock be snag on the mic stand . it pull off and reveal a normal - size hand where the sockhead be -- he 's actually a hand -head ! the audience gasp . a man get up and point accusingly . man he 's get a hand under there ! someone else it 's a hoax ! sockhead realize he 's unveil and try to hide he hand - head with he other hand . the crowd start jeer and pelting sockhead with rotten vegetable . he give they the finger with all three hand . elijah try to calm they . 46 . elijah puppetteer be a admirable skill in its own right ! give he he due ! the crowd where 's the beast boy you promise we !? bring on the beast boy ! we want the beast boy ! ( etc . ) backstage the Worm be still talk to Rick . we can hear the crowd scream for he in the background . worm and when I win first prize , they never call I pudding - head again . rick so ? worm do not you see ? you must turn you hardship into inspiration ! you be a actor , Rick ! you body be you instrument , and with it you must play you tragic symphony for all the world ! Rick be really move . elijah poke he head backstage . elijah ( to rick ) they be go nut for you , Beast Boy ! you better go out there now ! he start to take off he jungle costume . rick ( determine , inspire ) I will be right there . ( to worm ) thank you Worm . I do not really know how I can repay you for this . worm ( sincere ) you could wipe my ass . rick ( think Worm be joke ) ha-ha ! always the wit , eh Worm ? 47 . Rick clap he on the back and walk off . Worm be disappointed . worm ( to himself ) damn . ( he turn to nosey ) nosey , have I ever tell you what a gift artist you be ? nosey give he a worried look . onstage the spotlight reveal Rick , centerstage , poise in shakespearean garb . the crowd quiet down and focus on Rick with great respect and awe . a truly dramatic silence . Rick pause for effect and then launch into a soliloquy with bravura . rick now be the winter of we discontent , make glorious summer by this son of York , but I that be not shape for sportive trick , nor make to court a amorous look glass , I , that be curtail of this fair proportion , cheated of feature by dissemble nature , the audience be rivete . even Spanish -speak peasant be mouth the word . elijah , however , thumb through he script , totally confuse . the freak watch through the bar from the wing -- completely engross , especially Julie . Juan notice this and pull she closer to he , but she push he away . we move in on a erudite british gentleman in the crowd . by God ! it 's alistair cooke ! he turn to camera . subtitle : alistair cooke . alistair cooke ( sotto voce ) if you be have trouble understanding Mr. Coogan 's brilliant read of this soliloquy from Richard the third , please take advantage of the handy subtitles for the culturally illiterate . 48 . a filthy peasant sit next to cooke be try to listen to Rick . he turn angrily to cooke . filthy peasant shhh ! cooke turn back to the stage . the word in bracket appear as subtitles . rick deform , unfinish , send before my time , {I 'm uglyi into this breathe world , scarse half make up , {I 'm really ugly } and that so lamely and unfashionable , that dog bark at I as I halt by they . { I 'm F kin ' butt - ugly , alright !?} why I , in this weak piping time of peace , { blah , blah , blah} have no delight to pass away the time , {I never get laid ... } unless to see my shadow in the sun , and descant on mine own deformity ! { because i'm uglyi Rick bow . the crowd burst into applause . they yell " bravo " and throw bouquet . Rick take several curtain call . the freak cheer for he . Julie be particularly move -- she and Rick exchange a heavy look , laden with romantic potential . note : we will insert a almost subliminal one - frame shot of the pepsi logo at this triumphant moment . Kevin , the EES executive from the airport scene , walk into the tent . Rick see he and gasp with joy . he leap off the stage , run up to Kevin and hug he . Kevin be shocked , of course . overcome by the moment , Rick regresses to he old self . rick I be save ! haha ! you sorry mutant be gonna rot in this hole while I be sip mint julep by the pool ! { as fortune smile o'er my fate , so destiny spurn you accurse'd pate} the freak and the audience gasp at Rick 's cruelty . Julie be shocked -- Juan give she a " I tell you so " look . Rick see Julie and catch himself . 49 . rick ( to kevin ) I mean , um , I hope you have room for all my friend , heh -heh . kevin Rick , Rick , listen , I really love this new look you have come up with . but just between you and I , I do not think the guy upstairs would really get it . rick what be you say !? kevin ( chuckle snidely ) I be say you be ugly enough to burn the nosehair off a dead nun . the crowd burst into cruel hysterics , point mockingly at Rick . even alistair cooke be practically choke with laughter . alistair cooke ah-ha-ha-ha ! what a putz ! Rick look around , horrify at the sea of evil , jeer face . he begin to tremble . then ... rick's monster eye spring to life for the first time and glow red with rage . his whole monster side awaken and take charge of he body with violent intensity . he grab Kevin 's head and scream in a new , monstrous voice . rick eat shit ! pop ! he pluck Kevin 's head off he neck and hold it aloft . the head stare down at Rick in disbelief . kevin' head now you be just be childish . Rick serve the head like a volleyball , smash it to bit . the crowd panic and charge for the exit . crowd ahhhhhh ! help ! let US out of here ! people be trample over each other in the mayhem . alistair cooke be crush under the stampede . 50 . the freak be horrify . monster Rick growl triumphantly . elijah look on , intrigue . elijah now that 's entertainment . int . freak house - morning Rick awaken with a start and get up . he approach julieernie , the bearded Lady , nosey and Dog Boy , who be idly play a game of " wheel of fortune . " the cubicle contain large blank block , like the " letter " on the game show . so far , there 's a " D " , two " S " 's , and a " k " reveal . rosie the pinhead play vanna White 's role . nosey I would like to buy a vowel . the bearded lady yawn . Rick edge towards they . rick hey . the wheel . mind if I sit in ? Juan advance towards Rick , sneering . juan so. now you do not mind mixing with we -- how do you say it -- sorry mutant ? rick look ! I be sorry for what happen at the show . can not you just forget it ? he shake he finger at Juan , and notice there 's still a human nose stick on he monster claw . he wipe it off , embarrassed . there 's a awkward pause . Ernie break the silence . ernie hey , should not you tell Rick about you big escape plan ? Juan give Ernie a nasty " shut up " look . he growl at he . ernie well , excuse I for live . rick you have a escape plan ? juan listen , Beast Boy , the game be a simple diversion . ( more ) 51 . juan ( cont 'd ) beneath we twisted flesh we freak cry out for freedom ! aooooooorrraaaagh ! Juan howl lustily . he look to rest of the freak . they be a pathetic lot , and they half - heart howl prove it . freak aoo ... beat . julie Juan 's plan be really ingenious Rick . see , he figure out that -- juan I figure out that we escape do not include the Beast Boy . no one may discuss the plan with he , understand ? Juan give the other a threaten look . they mumble agreement . rick what 's the matter with all of you ? you trust you life to a guy just ' cause he can lick he own private ? the freak ponder this a second , then nod " yes " . ernie you gotta admit , coog , it 's a helluva trick . rick ( resentful ) Fine ! I will just come up with a escape plan of my own then . juan haha ! I have spend a year study this hellhole , devise the perfect escape . you think you will just tango right out the door !? ha ! just try it , amigo . rick I will ! Rick turn to go . julieernie rush over and try to reason with he quietly . 52 . julie Rick , wait . ernie yeah . do not go off half - cocked . believe I , it be not all it 's crack up to be . julie this be not one of you dumb movie , Coogan . look , Juan 's a good dog , a smart dog . I will talk to he . do not be stupid , Rick . you can not do it without we . rick forget it ! I do not need you , EES , or anybody else ! I will get out of here all by myself , you ... you. , . crud suck pus monkey ! ding ding ding ! the letter in the wheel of fortune board light up , and rosie turn they over to reveal " crud suck pus monkey " as the secret phrase . everyone clap despite themselves . Juan stare they down . they stop . Rick storm off in a huff . Juan take Julie 's hand and gaze deep into she eye . he kiss she passionately . Julie be watch Rick leave . Juan nibble she neck , which get she attention . she scratch Juan behind he ear . his leg instinctively kick the air . Ernie look worried . ernie I be get a bad feel here . CUT to : int . rear corner of freak house - day out of sight from the other , Rick approach the rear door and try it . it do not open from the inside . rick damn . he peer out through a crack in the door and see a milkman get out of he truck in the driveway . rick ( to milkman ) psst ! hey , you . milkman ! 53. outside the milkman look over at the outhouse , suspicious . milkman yeah ... ? rick ( v.0 . ) just the man I be lookinq for . be a pal , and give I a hand will ya ? milkman oooh no ! I know you freak . you will try anything just to get someone to open that door . well not I ! ha ! he 's about to walk away . rick okay . guess I will just have to milk the world 's biggest breast woman all by myself . sorry to bother you . the milkman stop in he track . he tiptoe over to the back door of the outhouse , listen intently as Rick go into he " act . " rick ( in a lusty womanish voice ) ooohh ... milk I ! milk I now ! milk I hard ! ( normal Rick voice ) I have only get two hand , all right ? geez . I do not care if elijah do give you skim milk on the right side , chocolate on the leave , and eggnog in the middle . the milkman be salivate at the door . milkman ( to himself ) gee , I love eggnog ! the milkman open the door eagerly and step inside . beat . milkman hey , what the -- bonk . we hear the sound of bottled buttermilk bean he soft noggin . Rick walk out wear the milkman outfit complete with the little six- milk - bottle - carrier thing . 54 . he look around and head for the milk truck , whistling casually . he notice something . it 's ... the giant elijah head its big eye be stare at Rick ( note : there 's a skywriter plane in the distance behind the head , which finish write " you got the right one baby : pep. " ) Rick get to the truck and try the door . it 's lock . rick shit . he look over at the giant head . the eye be still stare at he -- they seem to have shift . Rick shrug it off and look around . he walk over to elijah 's car . it 's lock too . he check the big eye . they have move again . Rick 's get a bit desperate . he see something else and run towards it . it 's a dry-dock motorboat . it 's lock too . the eye have follow Rick again . he see something else and run over to it . it 's a bag of golf club lean against elijah 's porch . they be lock too . rick damn ! this guy do not trust anybody ! he look at the giant head - the eye be go , leave only empty eyesocket ! Rick hear a burst of machinegun FIRE behind he , spin around and face ... two three foot high eyeballs with little arm and leg , wear jamaican rasta hat and aim smoking uzi 9mm in the air . they aim they uzis at Rick . one hold a walkie-talkie , the other hold a big spliff . rick ahhhh ! a t.v. monitor in elijah 's hand , show Rick stare at we , the Eye 's Pov . elijah see in extreme close - up , watch the surveillance monitor . he speak into a microphone . we do not see what the room look like . elijah good work , Eye and Eye . 55 . the eye bob in response to elijah . they have no mouth , but they pupil open and close when they speak . eye and eye ( jamaican accent ) rastafari . elijah ( v.0 . ) ( over the walkie- talkie ) now bring the Beast Boy to my , uh , de . ha-ha-ha-ha ! Rick look worried as they lead he towards the scary look house . int . elijah' den it 's a lovely , suburban de with a coffee table full of magazine like " better Homes and garden , " " National Review " and " freak illustrate " . elijah sit in a big barcalounger , smoking a pipe . Rick sit on the sofa . toad walk up with a tray of soft drink . elijah ( to rick ) diet soda ? rick no thanks . elijah point to a bowl of fiddle faddle . toad sit beside Rick . elijah fiddle faddle ? ( Rick shake he head ) you sure ? rick well , okay . ( he scoops some into he mouth ) well , be you gonna torture I or kill I or something ? elijah torture my great creation ever !? kill the final piece of the puzzle that I have be put together for year !? sure , it would be fun , but I have get a bigger plan , my boy . ( more ) 56 . elijah ( cont 'd ) and when you rip off that guy 's head , I know it be work like gangbuster ! rick but I think I scared everyone away . elijah uh-huh . and then they tell two friend , and they tell two friend , and so on , and so on . look at this . elijah grab a big mail bag and spill some letter out on the table . elijah open one and read it . elijah ( reading ) dear mister skugg , I be shocked and disgust when my grandson tell I about the head - pop beast at you show . please send I six ticket . ( he read another ) dear Beast Boy , I use to like New kid on the block , but you be way cuter . my favorite ice cream be chocolate . be it fun rip people 's head off ? I love you . ( another letter ) the Beast Boy be on a blood- let spree , and oscar be along for the ride ! ( he look up at Rick ) that one 's from Pat Collins ! rick yeah , but she love everything . Rick reach for the fiddle faddle but the bowl be empty . toad burp . elijah toad ! that fiddle faddle be for guest only ! you have have enough ! toad be blankface . elijah walk over and refill the bowl . Rick scoops some into he mouth . elijah walk to the fireplace and push the ember around with a poker . rick look skugg -- elijah -- I have be in show business all my life . the public do not want to see disgusting , deprave violent filth . 57 . elijah oh , and I suppose Jake and the fatman be just a fluke ? the phone ring . elijah look at it , and back to Rick . elijah ( cont 'd ) I will get it . he go over to the phone and lift the receiver . elijah ` yello ? on the other end of the line , we hear laughing man 's insane chuckle . elijah 's smooth smile fade . he turn he back to - Rick , who strain to identify the familiar laugh voice . elijah scribbles note on a pad by the phone . elijah yes ... right ... tomorrow ... mmhmm ... mnunhmm ... wow. okay . you get it ... hasta la vista to you too . hahaahahaahaha -- laugh man hang up on elijah . he look a little piss - off as he turn to face Rick again . grumbling , he take the poker in hand , and poke at the coal angrily . elijah okay , Coogan . I be finish with you for now . ricky rise and snatch the notepad just before elijah spin to face he . elijah ( cont 'd ) but listen . I may not be " Mr. tinseltown " , but I damn well know what I like . you be gonna be a hideous kill machine , and that 's final ! tomorrow night I will finish the job onstage ! and then , to demonstrate you horrible power , you will slaughter all the old obsolete freak in cold bl --hey ! elijah thrust the red hot fire poker out and zap ! he catch toad 's ten foot tongue - - curl around the searing poker inch from the fiddle faddle . toad aaagggghh ! 58 . elijah I tell you enough ! CUT to : ext . elijah' house day elijah show Rick out the door . the eye scurry out and leap back into the socket in the giant head . elijah bye-bye . and remember , try another escape , and I will feed you ball to toad . as he walk towards the freak House , Rick pull out the note he pockete . a gust of wind blow it away from he . he chase it behind the carnival tent where ... kkccliinnk ! he run into eleven phony milkmen , back they way around the corner , each carry they own six - pack of milkbottle . startle , they turn around . why , it 's the freak ! and they be all dress as milkmen ! cowboy carry the hammer , who 's dress in a little milkman suit as well . beard lady hey Rick , I think you be gonna come up with you own escape plan ? rick ( to juan ) this be you big plan ? a dozen milkmen ? be not that a little unusual ? Juan have not think of this . he push himself forward and confront Rick viciously . juan twelve milkmen be theoretically possible . thirteen be silly . look like one milkman too many , Coogan . he push Rick aside . the freak continue past he . rick Fine then . go ahead . hope you like reggae , ya flea bitten bastard . Rick watch as the freak approach the open courtyard , where he know the eyeballs will spot they . 59 . Julie glance at he a second , then look away . his mind make up , Rick take a deep breath . rick ah , shit . he run over to the freak . he stand in Juan 's way . rick look , you will all be kill . you do not know about elijah 's giant rasta eyeball with machine gun ... ( they think he 's nut ) it 's suicide ! I can not let you do it . juan and I can not let you stop we . this be it . Rick and Juan square off . Juan growl and bare he tooth . Rick 's monster eye start to glow and pulse dimly . they circle each other . the other be transfix . elijah' Pov he peer through a side window , and see the pack of milkmen cheer two of they coworker , lock in mortal combat . elijah that 's a lot of milkmen on the same route . no wonder they fight . Juan rear back , about to lunge , when suddenly he freeze and look off into the distance . a squirrel be sit innocently a few yard off . juan squirrel ! he zoom off after the squirrel . the eye pop out of the giant head and follow after he , uzis firing . Juan dodge they bullet and disappear after he prey . the freak watch they best chance of freedom run off after a pesky rodent . they turn to Rick . nosey wow , giant rasta eyeball , just like Rick say . sockhead gosh , if it be not for Rick , we would all be dead ! 60 . other freak yeah ! Way to go Rick ! alright ! ernie ( to julie ) God , I can not believe he leave you for a squirrel . what a dick . Julie 's hurt . she do not even smack Ernie . rick you know how man be . besides , it be a pretty good look squirrel . Julie look at Rick . she see he 's try to be helpful , not sarcastic . julie ( to the other ) come on . you hear the Beast Boy . back to the freak House , now . her eye meet Rick 's . she manage a smile , and Rick smile back . Ernie size up the situation and groan as they all head back to the freak House . ernie not again . ( to rick ) oh well , at least we will get to try a new position . CUT to : int . stark interrogation room we be move in towards a door in this desolate , vaguely corporate look hallway . inside the room we be look at the back of laugh man 's leather chair . we hear he cackle , as well as stuey gluck's torture scream and a horrible power tool noise . we can see the usual bright interrogation spotlight , and a couple of extra goons watch the going on , but stuey and he actual torturer be hide by laugh man 's chair . stuey ( o.s. ) ahhhhh ! stop it ! ooowwwww ! we move past Mr. Big 's chair to reveal stuey lie face down on a table , while Bob vila be use a power sander on he butt . Bob be happily give pointer to the two goons . 61 . bob notice the way I use a elliptical motion to chafe stuey 's buttock . ( the goons nod attentively ) it 's all here in my new book : pipe , fixture , and torture trolls -- laughing man ( o.s. ) ( loud , sharp laugh ) a-ha-ha-haha-ha-ha-ha ! Bob obediently shut up . laugh man direct a sinister low chuckle to stuey . stuey no way . I will never talk ! I be make of stone ! Bob consider this a second , then start up a jackhammer . stuey help ! rick ! riiiiiiiiiicckkk ! CUT to : int . freak house - day we hear lonesome harmonica music as we pan past the cubicle . cowboy be play the harmonica ... the bearded Lady unty the pretty pink ribbon in he hair and set it aside ... suddenly , we switch to horrific psycho sting as the camera pick up paul lynde's corpse with flash red light . his eyeball drip out of the socket again ... then it 's back to the sad harmonica music . in the next cubicle , Ernie be sleep , Julie be awake , dreamily fondle a large eclair . she look longingly up towards Rick 's cubicle as we ... dream dissolve to : dreamland Rick ( he face be normal ) and Julie kiss passionately in a billowy white bed amidst puffy cloud . 62 . rick ( sincere ) Julie , compare to this , sex with Julia Roberts be a thankless chore . quick dissolve back to : julie ' we follow she gaze , pan up to Rick . he 's lie on he bed , dreamily fondle a donut . he look down towards Julie 's cabin ... dream dissolve to : dreamland Rick and Julie kiss passionately . we be tight on they . julie oh Rick , you have touch a place in I no one have ever touch before . ernie ( o.s. ) I will say ! almost puncture a kidney ! widen to show Ernie , still attach to Julie , leer at Rick . Rick be mortify . quick dream dissolve to : int . freak house - day Rick sit in he cubicle , visibly sicken by he daydream . stuey 's echoey voice drift in . stuey ( v.0 . ) Rick ! riiiicccck ! a holographic image of stuey lie on the torture table appear over Rick . we can see the jackhammer loom over stuey 's face . Rick look alarmed . stuey hologram Rick ! do something ! it 's up to you , Rick ! pleeeeeeease ! laughing man ( o.s ) aha-hee -hee-ho-ho-har-har-har ! 63. rick the laugh man ! Rick watch the hologram break up and disappear . wheel spin in he head , he take the crumpled piece of paper out of he pocket and read it . rick ( under he breath ) Holy shit ! julie / ernie' cubicle Julie and Ernie be struggle over a bottle of deodorant . ernie it say it 's strong enough for a man ! julie but it 's make for a woman ! she grab it away and shove it in Ernie 's mouth . Rick walk in . julie hey Rick . what 's up ? rick read this . I grab it from skugg ' office . he hand she the notepaper . she read it , with some difficulty . Ernie be still gag on deodorant . julie " tape donahue ... renew subscription to beaver World ... " eeuw ! she give Rick a disgust look . Ernie mumble with the deodorant in he mouth . ernie ( interested , muffle ) beaver World !? Julie smack he - - he swallow the deodorant . rick ( to julie ) after that . 64 . julie " prepare demonstration for laugh man , receive five thousand barrel of noxon . " five thousand barrel !? rick elijah 's up to something big , and we have to stop he . Ernie belches . Rick sniff the air . rick mmmm. jasmine . swish pan to : int . freak house - day Rick take a deep breath , and begin he presentation to the freak assemble before he . rick alright guy , listen up -- sockhead suddenly freak out . sockhead we be do for ! we be do for ! I do not want to die ! it 's the end of the world ! the apocalypse ! aahh ! he stop . everyone be stare at he . rick I have not say anything yet . sockhead sorry . I be not much for timing . he take he seat again . rick ( to everyone ) tomorrow night , at the show , I will be turn into a homicidal monster and force to kill you all . but we might have a chance if we act fast . and I be prepare to be you new leader . a thrilling chord . 65 . nosey ( to sockhead ) I say we kill he . sockhead nod . rick and I have get a plan . another thrilling chord . nosey I still say we kill he . sockhead nod again . rick if we can get into elijah 's lab , maybe we can -- worm of course ! Design a super freak of we own and manipulate the genetic code to make he destroy elijah instead of we ! brilliant ! rick oh. well -- beard lady but how do we get to the lab ? rick um , maybe -- cowboy right ! the worm could dig a tunnel ! worm by God , it 's so crazy it might just work ! ernie but you need noxon 24 to make the freaking sludge , and elijah tell we himself he 's run out of it . rick oh. oh yeah . well , see , what I be go to say be -- 66 . julie yes ! exactly ! if they have be use noxon 24 as a fertilizer here , the entire ecosystem must be soak with it ! all we need be a way to extract it from the vegetation , ideally into a liquid form . rick right . well , what about -- cowboy golly ! so that 's why my milk come out that funny green color ! I think the grass taste funny ! wow , Rick , you be a genius ! julie ( smile warmly ) good think , Rick . the freak all nod in agreement . nosey Way to go , Rick ! how do you ever think of such a plan ? Rick pull out a old comic book and point to a ad for Sea monkey . rick well , actually , I be go to suggest we send away for sea monkey , train they to fire gun , and make a break for it . but if you want to go with this other thing , I guess that 's okay . the freak stare at he , not sure if he 's kid or not . CUT to : int . freak house - night freak on a mission montage , set to a pounding " eye of the TIGER " - type song - nosey milk cowboy , squirting the glow milk into a funnel which feed into a crude still . the torch heat the boiler . - the Worm dig the tunnel . julieernie hand Rick piece of wood which he put into place as tunnel support . they hand he Paul lynde 's corpse and he wedge it in as well . 67 . - everyone 's get into it and work up a sweat . nosey wipe he brow , open a bottle of pepsi and chug it down in a beautifully light slo - mo product shot ... the other freak follow suit , include the Worm , down in the tunnel , who struggle to hold the bottle in he tiny feeler . everything 's go great and the song be really pump when ... elijah run out on he front porch in he nightclothes and scream down at the outhouse . elijah would you turn down that goddamn racket !? in the freak house nosey turn off a boom box and the music cut short . the freak exchange tense look . nosey call out apologetically to elijah . nosey sor-ry . ( to the freak ) what a jerk ! int . underground tunnel the Worm burrow along , leave a tunnel wide enough for Rick and julieernie to crawl after he . Rick notice a ray of light come through a rock formation . rick hey , look at this ! they all stop and look . Rick finger the hole , and the rock cave in , revealing a vast underground CITY it 's obviously a matte painting . worm good Lord ! it 's the lose City of nodd ! julie wow ! 68 . ker-chunk ! we hear the sound of a slide projector switch slide and the underground city be replace by a still image of some tourist stand around a geyser . [ foriegn version : the blarney Stone ] . rick it 's Old faithful ! ( foriegn take : " it 's the blarney Stone ! " ] they " ooh " and " ahh " . the image switch to a snapshot of a fat middle - aged woman . ernie it 's my aunt gladys ! the other freak nod politely . the image switch to a bar mitzvah photo . ernie and that 's I at my bar mitzvah ! rick c'mon Ernie , let 's go . ernie wait , you gotta see the one from sleep - away camp ! they be hilarious ! Julie smack he . julie stooge ! ext . freak compound - night it 's a " antfarm View " of the yard , where the freak be visible tunneling underground , and toad be visible on the yard above they . we see a bat fly overhead ... zap ! toad shoot out he tongue , snag it out of mid air , and chew it happily , oblivious to the freak burrow right underneath he . int . freak house nosey look at the nearly full container of distil noxon . nosey almost there . ( he sniff the air ) but wait , I be get a whiff of thing to come ! 69 . beard lady what do you smell ? nosey ( grim ) blood . bearded Lady look grave .. nosey sniff again . nosey ( cheerful ) and hot butter popcorn ! beard lady awwright ! int . tunnel they be burrow along . Ernie loudly clear he throat . Julie spit out a loogie . she grimace . julie I hate when you do that . we hear muffle barking . ernie hey ! do you hear that ? julie it 's a dog ! rick ( to worm ) hurry ! the Worm break through into a small cavern with several expose sewer pipe . a lovable mutt leap out of a pipe and drop a old tennis ball in front of Rick . he start lick Rick 's face . rick scrappy ! sappy music well up . rick it 's be ten year since you chase this ball into the sewer ! I think you be go for good ! scrappy yap ! 70 . rick listen scrap . go home . get help . understand ? scrappy yap ! rick good boy ! now go ! scrappy run away into the sewer pipe . Rick shrug . rick you never know . Julie tap on some expose wood on the cavern ceiling . julie look , a wood floor . worm it must be the lab ! we have do it ! they all look at each other excitedly . suddenly elijah 's voice ring out behind they . elijah' voice not so fast , you scabrous freak ! they spin around and see nosey hold the bottle of noxon 24 . he grin . nosey do not know I do impression , do ya ? int . freak house the freak be wait around the hole . nosey pop out . nosey Mission accomplish . they have get the noxon , and they will be in the lab within minute . frogman Boy , this be go like clockwork ! everyone smile , pat each other on the back , etc . except sockhead , who finally snap . sockhead no ! can not you see we be digging we own grave !? ( more ) 71 . it 's nut , sockhead ( cont would ) that 's what it be ! nut ! well , maybe you have all get a deathwish , but you can count I out ! i'm getting the hell out of here ! he run amok , push various freak to the ground , and run around scream . the freak house door open -- Eye and Eye step in to check out the noise . one of they have a spliff stick out of its pupil . sockhead charge at they like a mad dog . they aim they uzis . sockhead ( at the eye ) out of my way ! ratta-ratta-ratta ! they spray a ungodly amount of bullet into sockhead . he fall to the ground . the eye leave . the freak gather around sockhead . nosey pull the sock off he hand head , which be make a little " senor pepe " face with its fist . it spit up a trickle of blood and try to speak . sockhead ( weak ) I ... I ... just ... wanna ...say ... nosey what be it , kid ? sockhead ah , forget it . I be not much for die . he go limp . CUT to : int . elijah' lab julieernie , the Worm , and Rick be just emerge from the hole . it 's really dark in the lab . ernie shit . I can not see a damn thing . rick keep you voice down , Ernie . ernie do not push I , coog . I get a real short fuse today . I be cranky , bloat , get a wick case of cramp . do not ask why . 72 . julie ( whisper to Rick ) pms ... rick ( have to think about this ) oh .... right . Rick pat Ernie on the shoulder reassuringly . he move over to elijah 's computer terminal . rick ( cont 'd ) well , here it be -- the control panel for elijah 's freaking process . worm good work , my boy . now step aside . this be scientist 's work . Worm muscle Rick out of the way and sit at the console . use a pen hold in he mouth , he flick a series of switch and punch a fast series of computer key . the light on top of the tasty freekz machine start to revolve , and after a couple of second , a stream of gooey light brown glop ooze out of the spigot . ernie hey ! it 's work ! rick you do it , Worm ! Way to go ! julie but how ? you do not even use the noxon . the Worm rush over to the container of glop below the spigot , and without hesitation , plunge he face into it ! Rick , Julie , and Ernie gasp in horror ! the worm lift he glop - smear face out of the bowl , and smack he lip in delight . worm ah ! you do not need noxon to make butterscotch pudding . I just want to test the machine 's capability . mmmm ! glorious ! so creamy ! yum ! the Worm be lose in he pudding - induce reverie . they ignore he . Julie turn to Rick . 73. julie hang on , Rick . do you really think we should put this toxic glop on you ? what if it do not work ? what if something go wrong ? what if -- ernie if it do work , do you think there will be enough leave over to give I a monster size rodney ? Julie go to doink Ernie in the eye , but he use the classic " Three stooge " handblock . rick ( to ernie ) here , hold this . Rick hand the container of noxon to Ernie . Julie give he the eyepoke . Rick shake hand with Julie , and take back the noxon . rick ( to ernie ) thanks . ( to Julie , heroically ) look , I have be a freak all my life . ' I realize that now . up there on that screen , humiliate myself for every fool with six buck in he pocket -- ernie Seven buck . julie sometimes seven fifty . rick alright . it do not matter . ernie sure it do . they do not let you into the theater if you do not pay the price of the ticket . rick look , I be talk about the ultimate human sacrifice . julie no kid . when you consider money for parking , popcorn , drink ... 74 . the worm chime in , still gorging himself on pudding ... worm do not forget a sitter for the child ! Rick 's have enough . rick hey ! in case you have not notice , I be about to commit a noble and selfless act here . Rick pound the table , send a glass beaker fly . it smashes through the window , set off a loud siren . int . elijah' den elijah 's in he robe , watch the open of " crook cop " on tv . on screen be a revolve police beacon on a beat - up car , with a loud siren . elijah munch he popcorn happily . int . lab Julie manage to silence the alarm by yanking the cord out of its socket . she shoot Rick a hard look , he shrug innocently . rick oops . ( beat ) okay . let 's do what we come to do , and this time , no more screw up . Rick slam he hand down for emphasis and impale it on one of that desktop paper pin . he scream in agony . int . elijah' den elijah 's watch a old war movie - - a soldier be run across a battlefield with a bayonet , scream . he do not hear Rick . int . lab Julie have she hand over Rick 's mouth , silencing he scream . he calm down . he gingerly slide the pin out of he hand , grimace but not make a sound . he sigh with relief . the coast seem clear . then , in slow motion , he hand knock a styrofoam cup off the desk and onto the ground . 75 . int . elijah' den the war movie have erupt into a massive battle -- machine gun blaring , grenade launcher and bazookas booming , the work . suddenly , he ear perk up , and he head swivel around towards the window . elijah styrofoam cup ? he put on he " smiley face " robe and bunny slipper and head out the door . int . lab Julie be pour the distil noxon into the top of the tasty freekz machine . worm do not you think we should make some more pudding first , as a test ? rick no . here go . he press some button on the computer , and the tasty freekz machine start hum . Ernie be look out the window . ernie somebody 's comin ' ! hurry . rick we have to wait . there 's no way to speed up the machine . ext . elijah' house elijah come out of the house and walk towards the lab . int . lab Rick 's start to sweat . he look over at Julie , who hold a empty pepsi cup under the tasty freekz spigot . a drop of ointment drip out and into the container . julie here it come . the lab doorknob begin to turn slowly . 76 . everybody freeze . the flow of ooze slow to a stop . rick it 's plugge up ! they look over at the doorknob - - it 's still turn . ernie ( to worm ) if it 's you damn pudding , I will ring you wormy neck . worm ( under he breath ) preposterous ... I have no neck . I be a worm , imbecile . the door knob be still turn , agonizingly slowly ... outside the lab elijah be try to turn the knob , , his grip keep slip because of the butter on he finger . elijah aaargh ! damn butter popcorn ! in the lab the spigot have start to discharge more , reliably . the pepsi cup be fill up now . outside elijah be wiping he hand off on he shirt tail . he try the door knob again . in the lab we hear a low rumbling and the floor start to shake . worm the tunnel wall be about to collapse ! rick you go ahead . I will catch up . julie but -- rick go ! 77 . the door knob be turn more vigorously , but still not open . Julie and Ernie get in the hole with Worm , while Rick attend to the almost - full pepsi cup of sludge . outside elijah be still have trouble with he grip . in the lab Rick pop the plastic lid onto the pepsi cup , and climb into the hole . he rest the cup on the floor and lift the floor board over he head . the rumbling get louder as the tunnel wall start to crumble . julie Rick ! come on ! Rick be lose he balance as the ground shift beneath he . he sway , and knock the pepsi cup of sludge roll . he watch , helpless , as it roll across the floor and come to a stop across the room . for a second , he contemplate make a dash . outside elijah have wrap he shirt tail around the knob , and finally have a good grip . he twist the knob ... inside Rick see the door open . he dive down into the hole . the floor board fall into place just as elijah walk in . elijah scan the room . he go over towards the tasty freekz machine and find the styrofoam cup . elijah bad for the environment . he crumple it in he hand . ext . freak compound the " antfarm view " again . we see the freak run back through the tunnel as it cave in behind they . toad sit on the ground above , oblivious to they . we hear a low fly aircraft ... zap ! toad shoot he tongue up out of frame and suck the twin engine cessna into he mouth . beat . he burp and spit up a propeller . 78 . int . freak house the freak wait by the mouth of the tunnel . we hear the rumble approach . the worm , julieernie , and finally Rick scramble out of the open . the dirt avalanche be stop short by Paul lynde 's corpse , just as Rick scramble to safety . worm just make it ! rick Paul save we life ! nosey Way to go , Paul ! nosey clap Paul on what 's leave of he back -- he skeleton shatter and the tunnel collapse , bury he instantly . the freak be horrify . nosey turn to they guiltily in slow-motion . his voice be slowed down and distort like John Lennon at the end of " strawberry field " : nosey I ... bury ... Paul . back to normal speed . rick this be no time to lament over a cadaver ! we have get to get move , or we be history ! now c'mon ! nosey be still morose . he speak backwards and sound a lot like " Revolution # 9 " . nosey daed si luap . subtitle : " Paul be dead . " rick I say enough ! okay , listen up , everybody . we crack the code and make the ointment we need to bring skugg down for good . the freak applaud and cheer . 79 . rick but we leave it in the lab . the freak jeer and pelt Rick with rotten vegetable . he desperately pull a bag of cookie out of he pocket . rick but wait ! I find some macaroon ! and there 's plenty for all of we ! the freak burst into applause again . freak yaayyy ! time dissolve to : int . freak house - day the freak be all sleep , macaroon crumb still leave on they face . there 's a lot of snore . Rick awaken with a start . he hear something in the distance . something like a helicopter ... he get up and peek out a crack in the wall . rick's Pov . ext . freakland - day a EES corporate helicopter touch down . a few gun-tote security guy in dark suit and dark glass get out . they check that the coast be clear , then give the signal . out step Richard hertz . he mutter something to one of the security guy , and walk towards the freak House . in the freak house rick ( under he breath ) I do not believe it . what 's hertz doin ' here ? the door to the freak House open . hertz enter , unzip he fly . find no toilet , he shrug and relieve himself on the floor . Rick step out of the shadow towards he . rick so EES be in bed with elijah c. skugg , eh? figure . hertz be momentarily startle by Rick . he collect himself . hertz Rick ! thank God I get to you in time ! 80 . rick cut the crap , hertz . hertz relieve himself as he talk . hertz ricky , you have no idea how you misfortune have touch we heart . when you disappear we almost give up hope . but we would hear report of skugg 's reckless abuse of noxon , and when the story break in the tabloid , I decide to personally come down and get to the bottom of thing . he zip up and head to the door . rick ( skeptical ) really ? hertz no . ( beat ) aha ha hee hee ho ho ha ha hee hee ho ho ho ha ha ha ha ! the cackle be unmistakable -- Rick 's face twist in horror as he realize ... hertz be the laughing man ! hertz duck out the door . Rick look after he , stunne . we hear a nearby snore cut off , and the human torch stand up from the spot where hertz relieved himself . he 's drip wet and no longer on fire . he sniff he soak , smolder clothing . torch peuw ! hey ! of all the ... that really piss I off ! poof ! he catch fire again and walk off . Rick be do a slow burn , still look after hertz . he erupt and he monster eye glow briefly . he scream in anguish . rick aaarrgggghh ! dejected , Rick lean against the wall . julieernie walk up behind he . Julie put a hand on Rick 's shoulder to comfort he . as they look into each other 's eye , a loud crash distract they . Rick peer through the crack . 81 . rick's Pov a caravan of EES truck crash through the front gate and drive up to the lab . there 's a few cargo truck and a huge noxon - 24 tanker . rick Holy shit . a forklift drive out of the back of one of the large truck , carry the old corporate fart on a wooden palette . one of they fall off , and a bunch of workmen scramble out to prop he up and push he back into place . int . lab - day elijah switch on the light , and turn to face he audience . hertz be accompany by he stone - face security man and various executive . Workmen be busy install the old board of director and they arm-raise pulley system . elijah Nice to see you in the flesh , laugh man. hertz no need to use codename , elijah . we be all friend here . and just to prove it , I bring you a little present . hertz snap he finger and nod to a security guy , who produce a wriggle canvas sack . he dump its content onto the lab table -- it 's stuey gluck ! his glass come tumble out after he . he squint at the security guy . stuey Rick ? be that you ? elijah who 's the troll ? hertz he be ask question about Coogan , cause trouble . we figure he be one of yours . stuey put on he glass . elijah look he up and down . elijah I make freak alright , but come on , fella - - this thing 's pathetic . 82. stuey well you be no julio iglesias yourself , mister . ( call out ) Rick ! riiiick ! riii-- int . freak house Rick hear stuey 's voice in he head , all echoey . stuey ( v.0 . ) --iiiiiick ! rick oh no , not now , stuey ! the ghostly image of stuey gradually take shape in front of Rick . Rick can make out the lab table stuey 's on , and some shadowy figure in the background . rick ( to himself ) hey . that 's elijah 's lab ! ( to stuey ) stuey ! be you really in the lab ? int . lab stuey be still wail , and everybody else be get pretty damn annoyed . stuey yes ! I be in the lab ! I be in the lab ! elijah not only ugly , he 's crazy too . toad grab stuey and slap a piece of tape over he mouth . he throw he into one of the chicken cage along the far wall . a two -headed chicken start to peck at he . hertz so , where be we ? elijah gentlemen , I be not go to bullshit you . I know my setup here at freakland look like small potato . 83. he pull the cover off a small scale model of freakland , about ten inch high . it show the stage , lab , outhouse , the head , everything . elijah but thanks to you noxon and my genius , tonight I will turn ricky Coogan into a freak so hideous , it will be enough to turn you stomach inside out , boil you brain in its own juice , and cause cold sore you think have heal up to start buggin ' you again . ( the EES man shift uncomfortably ) it 's the dawn of a new age for we all . behold , Super mega freak World ! he whisk the cover off another scale model -- it 's exactly the same as the little model except it 's a lot bigger . elijah ( cont 'd ) it 's really somethin' , huh ? hertz ( feign approval ) very impressive . elijah we will kick Disney 's dead ass ! int . freak house Rick be watch all of this in a ghostly image . rick stuey ! stuey , can you hear I ? stuey 's image , still with he mouth tape shut and the chicken peck at he , nod yes . stuey mmm hmmm ! rick I want you to try and escape . get the cup from underneath the instrument table and bring it to I , okay ? stuey ( nods ) mmmm mmmmm ! 84 . he give Rick the old trademark Coogan thumb up . Rick halfheartedly return the gesture . rick yeah , right . get movin ' . int . lab stuey check to make sure nobody 's watch he . they be not . he remove the spring from a pocket pen and pick the lock . stuey search the floor , and spot the pepsi cup . he will have to crawl through several pair of leg to reach it . hertz at EES , we plan for you gene Machine include everything , except shoe that be . ha-ha-ha . elijah ha-ha . gee , I would love to see you plan . hertz we would love to show you . ( to he assistant ) Bill , if you would be so kind . bill blazer , a slick and dash EES marketing executive , stride confidently up to the podium . stuey have to duck the fast approach leg . Bill step over he , not even notice he 's there . Bill take elijah 's " freak World " graphic off a easel , and replace it with he own . find no place to deposit elijah 's , he simply drop it on the floor . elijah look a little hurt . bill what do today 's businessman want ? how about a receptionist with six arm , five mouth , and a knockout figure ? that would sure speed thing up , would not it ? with a big smile , Bill reveal a illustration of a multi- limb secretary ( in a sexy dress ) talk on three different phone , take note , and type , all at once . stuey head towards the pepsi cup . he brushes against the back of hertz 's leg . hertz look over at elijah beside he , who smile politely . hertz smile back , invitingly . maybe there 's a few thing we do not know about he . 85 . bill in the factory , how ' bout a worker with twelve busy hand , no mouth to talk back , and no genital or digestive system to distract he from he work ? ( he chuckle ) sure ! it 's what we all dream of ! the EES guy all nod along . except for the workmen , who exchange worried look . elijah 's still not sure what to make of it all . meanwhile , stuey have the pepsi cup of sludge in hand , and he 's crawl under the table towards the door . he brushes up against the back of elijah 's leg . elijah look over to hertz , who give he that smile again . elijah look away quickly , panicky . bill ( cont 'd ) well , with this skugg -base noxon technology , it 's not only possible , it 's just the beginning ! of course , what happen to we expensive spokesman ricky Coogan be a unfortunate coincidence , but profit from this new market could total in the billion . all the executive turn to hertz . he crack a smile . hertz ricky who ? the executive laugh heartily . stuey glance across the room to the door . he have to make a break for it , so he do . elijah hey ! hold on ! stuey freeze . he 's right out in the open , in plain view . still , nobody seem to see he . they be still watch - Bill 's presentation . elijah secretaries ? Worker drone ? where 's the fun ? where 's the spark ? where 's the unspeakable evil ? Bill laugh pleasantly . bill ha-ha . I be just get to that . 86 . Bill launch back into he speech with more intensity than even the best infomercials . meanwhile , stuey inch towards the door , move as imperceptibly as possible . bill we will impact every field . cosmetics --breast enlargement creams , nosejob in a bottle . military -- human death machine that make schwarzenegger look like a pansy ! and why stop at consumer product ? Hell , we can design a whole new consumer ! a few well place drop in the water supply , and bingo ! it 's a new master race , and we own the copyright ! a entire planet of freak own and operate by we ! every part of they body come from a EES supplier , every think they think be EES policy ! from now on gentleman , it 's EES uber alle ! EES uber alle ! the EES guy clap and shout approval . elijah 's impressed too . he lean over to hertz . elijah this guy 's good . hertz we lure he away from a.t.&amp ; T. stuey be finally out the door . of course , now they spot he . security guy look ! the troll ! hertz after he ! ext . lab stuey be outside the lab . inexplicably , ( actually it 's just because he 's so stupid ) he 's still move inch by inch . he call to Rick through the tape on he mouth . stuey mmm ! mmmmm ! int . freak house Rick see the image of stuey inching away from the lab . 87 . rick take the tape off you mouth , idiot ! they do not tie you hand ! stuey realize this be true , and pull the tape off he mouth . stuey I get the cup , Rick ! rick great ! there 's no time to waste . be you be follow ? stuey yeah . but if I do not move , they will not see I . two big EES security guy be stand watch stuey 's odd behavior . they pick he up and carry he away . stuey riiiick ! Rick see this all in he holographic image . it fade . rick what a geek . he turn to the other freak , who have wake up and be gather around on the floor . Rick shake he head . rick stuey get catch . there 's no way to get the ointment before the show . worm so , that 's it then ? we be all to die ... and by you hand no less . rick no . it will not be I . it 's some inhuman monster elijah use I to create . as for I , the real I , I will always be you friend . before I have to rip you head off , I would like to say goodbye to each of you . ( he turn to Worm . ) Worm ... I will miss you brain , the smell of you pipe , and the funny way you always go on talk until everyone want to strangle you . he pat the Worm on the head tenderly , and turn to cowboy . 88. cowboy hi , Rick . rick cowboy , I will miss you good humor , you down - home wisdom , and of course , the frothy milkshake be udderly delicious , heh-heh ... he smile and playfully tug cowboy 's udder . he turn to the bearded Lady . rick bearded ... Lady ... I dunno . we will always have Paris ... bearded lady be kind of confuse , Rick shrug . rick nosey , I never really like you . he move on to frog man . rick frog man , I think death be probably the best thing for you now . frog man nod in agreement . Rick rpaches julieernie . rick Ernie ... Julie ... I have mix feeling . ( he turn to Ernie ) on one hand , I will remember you as the best friend a jerk like I ever have , and a low down repulsive slimeball . he turn to Julie . romantic music swell up . rick ( cont 'd ) on the other hand , I really respect you , and more than that , I , uh , well , I wish we would have the chance to boink . julie oh , Rick ... they embrace . Rick call out to the assemble group . rick today I make the proudest boast a man can utter : " ich bien ein freak ! " 89 . they be all ready to cheer , but they be confuse by he bad german . Rick have to explain himself . rick uh , I be a freak . oh . they all get it . beat . then they cheer . CUT to : ext .. carnival tent - night a huge banner read " new improved beast boy slaughter he love one ! special guest : funnyman dom irerra ! tonight only ! " . we can hear the sound of the crowd inside . inside the tent there 's a typically smallish crowd in addition to the EES executive who occupy the front seat . the security goons be strategically situate throughout the tent , and two of they sit on either side of stuey in the second row . elijah be onstage . elijah and now the moment you have all be wait for . lady and gentleman , meet the lucky young man who 's about to be become the monster with the mostest ! here he be , the Beast Boy ! toad pull a rope and the curtain open , revealing Rick strapped to a operate table . on stage leave there 's a large cage contain all the other freak . include the unconscious , half - naked milk man who Rick knock out in the freak house . the milk man dome to , look around in a panic , grab the bar of the cage , and scream -- milk man aahhhh ! we're in a zoo ! Rick search the cheer audience for stuey , who wave the pepsi cup full of glop in the air . Rick hear stuey 's voice echo in he head telepathically . stuey ( v.0 . ) Rick ! over here ! stuey 's wave cup be block the view of a big , annoyed biker sit behind he . elijah quiet the crowd and hold up a beaker of ointment . 90 . elijah with this remarkable ointment of my own design , I will now turn this half - finish ghoul into the ultimate super freak , dedicated to evil ! elijah put on some rubber glove and prepare to glop Rick , who squint under the spotlight , still search for stuey . he call out telepathically . rick ( v.0 . ) stuey ! where be you ?! stuey stand up on he seat and wave the cup , totally block the biker 's view . he telepathically reply . stuey ( v.0 . ) here I be , Rick ! biker ( to stuey ) goddammit , kid ! would you sit down !? the biker grab the cup and dump it over stuey 's head . the " good ointment " run down all over stuey 's body . stuey aaahhhhhhhhhhhhhh ! all eye turn to stuey , who fall down and disappear onto the floor scream . rick oh no ! biker what the hell !? suddenly a EIGHT foot tall monster version of stuey leap to its foot and snarl down at the biker . the biker pull a switchblade and jam it into stuey monster 's leg - - the blade crumple on he armor-like hide . stuey grin and slam ! he drive the biker into the ground like a railroad spike . he leap onto the stage and stalk elijah . stuey monster you ass be mine , skugg ! Rick and the freak in the cage cheer stuey monster on . elijah uh-oh , that kid look piss . eye and eye ! kill he ! 91 . Eye and Eye rush the stage , uzis fire . eye and eye rastafari ! the bullet bounce off stuey 's hide . he doink they with he big monster finger and send they fly through ... the tent roof across the compound , and thwopp ! into the giant head 's eye socket , where they spin around and come to a stop , cockey . crash ! the head 's foundation crumble and it keel over backwards . int . carnival tent elijah call out to toad . elijah toad ! stuey monster roar at toad . toad smile weakly . the tent roof toad catapult through it , follow the path of Eye and Eye across the compound and crash ! land head first into the neck of the giant head . he get up with the giant head stick on he own head , make he look like one of that big head caricature . he run blindly across the yard and into ... the electric fence zzzaaaappp ! boinngg ! Eye and Eye zing out of the socket , and toad 's tongue stick ten foot out of the giant head 's mouth . it 's the biggest tex avery cartoon take ever ! elijah look worried . he scoops up some " evil ointment " . elijah look like it 's time to roll out the big gun . ( to rick ) sayonara , kiddo . any last word ? Rick consider it . he can not think of anything . rick nahh . 92 . elijah suit yourself . he raise the ointment over Rick . Rick have a idea for a last word . rick wait ! wait ! ( elijah pause . Rick reconsiders ) nahh . elijah glop Rick . his skin start to smoke . rick ahhhhrrrggg ! stuey monster stalk elijah onstage . Rick be smoking and shaking violently on the table . hertz turn to he EES croney in the audience . he look bored . hertz what a waste of twelve buck . let 's get the machine and go . the other executive nod . rick start to transform . fwoop ! his ear spring out into huge monster ear , kinda like in pinocchio . fwaap ! his mouth grow into a massive , Big daddy roth style monster mouth . fweep ! his upper head do the same . his body follow suit . he burst ' out of the strap and grow into a drool ten foot tall rick monster . he snarl at stuey monster . rick monster time to die , troll ! the crowd and the other freak look on , tense . stuey monster instinctively whip out a ricky Coogan publicity photo and a pen . stuey monster Rick ! Rick ! could you sign this !? Rick monster snarl and bashes stuey monster in the face . stuey monster jam the pen through the photo and snarl back . 93. the crowd fight ! fight ! fight ! fight ! even Julie be scream " fight ! fight , " beside herself with bloodthirsty glee . Ernie smack she . the crowd go nut as the monster trade a series of cliche pro-wrestling move . stuey bashes Rick . Rick bashes stuey , etc . elijah give he the skull cracker , ya big goon ! ernie no way ! the skull cracker be a illegal move ! stuey grab Rick 's hair and march he around the stage . the crowd be take side , scream out advice , and foam at they mouth . elijah let 's get this over with . hey hertz , tell you goons to ( he turn to hertz and be stunned ) what the hell -!? hertz stand in front of the a group of EES hardhat who be use forklift to move the tasty freekz Machine towards the exit . he notice elijah and tap he executive assistant . assistant ( to elijah ) ahem . at this point in time we at EES regret that we must leave this performance prematurely . elijah what be you say !? hertz what we be say be ... get stuff , yokel . elijah I figure I could not trust you corporate greaseballs ! elijah turn to a alarm box on the wall which read " break glass in case of doublecrossing corporate greaseballs . " he break the glass and pull the lever inside . 94 . a trapdoor on the stage open and a large chemical tank rise out of it . elijah jump into the seat of the gun turret nozzle atop the tank . he aim the nozzle at the EES group . elijah let I proudly introduce the latest in we product line , noxon 25 - - now available in a convenient pump ! hertz bullshit ! the everything except shoe corporation release no new product unless I give the order ! elijah I think it 's time EES branch out a little . he press the plunger and the nozzle spew a torrent of yellow glop on the EES people . they scream in agony as they body melt together into one big mutate blob . alistair cooke stand up in the audience -- he 's get a head bandage and a crutch from be trample at the last show . alistair cooke ahhh ! head for the hill before he get all of we ! the crowd go berserk and rush the exit , trample poor cooke like a roach . rick monster flip stuey onto the ground and start stomping on he . stuey be knock out cold . Rick leave he on the floor and stalk the freak cage murderously . rick monster now I rip freak to piece ! jimie no ! we be you friend ! rick monster oh. now I rip friend to piece ! he rip some bar off the cage and be about to spear julieernie with a jag steel bar when stuey monster grab he leg and trip he . stuey summon all he remain energy to wrestle Rick , delay he , for the moment , from slaughtering the freak . meanwhile , elijah be watch as the EES blob 95 . solidify into ... a giant shoe make of live flesh . it 's get eyeball where the eye should be , a tongue where the tongue should be , but it 's helpless and immobile . elijah look at it with pride . he do he best Ed Sullivan impression : elijah now that 's a really , really big shoe . ha-ha-ha-ha ! hmmm , I think I would like a pair of that ! he swivel the nozzle turret towards the cage full of freak and be about to glop they when Rick stand up above stuey , block elijah 's trajectory at the freak cage . Rick raise the jag bar above stuey , ready to drive it down through he chest . elijah ( to Rick monster ) would you hurry up and waste the troll , please !? I get a lonely shoe over here ! Rick monster nod and drive the spear down when we ... CUT to : int . regis &amp ; kathie lee show set Rick 's silhouette ( which match he ten foot monster incarnation ) be immerse in the story . rick and then ... kathie lee sorry to interrupt Rick , but you have be talk for almost ninety minute , and we have just get to go to a commercial . rick sorry . regis we will be right back after this , folk . CUT to : 96 . product shot a fine array of different kind of cheese on a chopping block . tough voice anncr you like cheese . you like be a man . that 's why you like .. a burly hand swipe all the cheese off the block and slam down a aluminum can label " macheesmo . " tough voice anncr macheesemo . Real cheese for real man . now in a handy aluminum dispenser . the hand crush the can and gooey yellow cheese squirt out the top . CUT to : int . regis &amp ; kathie lee show set we hear a music bite from " Le freak . " kathie lee and now back to the exciting conclusion of ricky Coogan 's incredible story . rick well , let 's see , the other freak be line up in elijah 's sight , and I be about to shove a pipe through stuey 's skull , when all of a sudden , I hear a voice ... dissolve to : int . carnival tent - night Rick stop the spear inch from stuey 's chest . they eye meet . elijah kill he ! kill he ! elijah 's bloodthirsty goad fade away , and cowboy 's voice reverberate in Rick 's head . 97 . cowboy ( v.o. ) I reckon that troll could help you if you just let he into you heart ... you heart ... you heart ... the voice keep echoing . a tear well up in Rick monster 's eye . he look over at cowboy , who be actually call out to he from the cage . cowboy you heart ... you heart ... you heart ... Rick monster lose he murderous glare . he break into a warm smile , throw the pipe away and help stuey monster up . they hug . the rest of the freak cheer wildly . ernie Atta ' boy coog ! ( nudge worm ) hey , be not that somethin' ? the Worm be gush sentimentally . he try to hide he tear . worm tosh . ( sniff ) sentimental claptrap ( sniff ) shameless , maudlin-- baaa ! he can not hold it in anymore . he bawl like a baby . meanwhile , elijah be hopping mad . elijah cut the lovey - dovey bullshit , and start mutilate each other ! he aim at Rick monster and press the fire button . the glop start to flow , but before it can make it out of the tip , Rick grab hold of the nozzle , and twist it around to face elijah . rick raarrrrrrgh ! elijah manage to duck just in time . a stream of yellow noxon 25 glop fly over he shoulder , and land in the dunk tank full of carbolic acid that sit off to one side of the tent . the acid and the noxon mix together and bubble up menacingly . elijah hop down out of the gunner 's chair and square off against Rick monster . 98 . meanwhile , stuey monster have release the other freak from the cage . they watch the confrontation from a distance . elijah roll up he sleeve . Rick growl and advance slowly . elijah you think I make you strong ? ha ! I have cranke my DNA up so high , you will not know what hit you . I be a wreck machine ! aaaaaaa ! he rush at Rick and deliver a flurry of punch to he mid section . they have absolutely no effect . Rick bring one heavy fist slamm down on elijah 's head , stop he cold . elijah ( weakly ) ow ! I think you crush my spinal cord . I can not feel anything in my finger . rick maybe you will feel this ... Rick rear back to kick he . elijah qait -- if you kill I , you will never find the antidote . the freak all perk up . Rick 's skeptical . rick what antidote ? elijah a time release serum -- I baked it into a delicious batch of macaroon . a slow smile grow on the freak ' face , especially Rick 's . rick if you ask I , you skimp on the coconut ! thwak ! Rick boot elijah between the leg , send he fly through the air . he land on the dunk tank seat over the bubbling noxon / acid . daze , he look at the bullseye target , and back at Rick . summon up he last ounce of bravado , elijah make a last stand . 99 . elijah come on , Coogan ! come oooon ! you have not get the gut to kill I ! go on ! I dare ya ' ! Rick ponder for a second . he look over to Julie . then ... scrappy yap ! yap ! rick scrappy ! scrappy the dog rush in . he leap up and press the bullseye , drop elijah into the hideous mixture . elijah aaaaaaaarrrrrrggggghhhh ! elijah struggle in agony . his body bubbles and mutate in the thick toxic soup . he sink lower and lower into the gunk , until he and he cry be bury for good . scrappy leap into Rick 's arm and lick he face . scrappy yap ! rick Atta boy , scrap ! blam ! blam ! the tent flap fly open and a half dozen FBI agent rush in with gun draw . FBI chief freeze , FBI ! another FBI guy investigate the dunk tank , see elijah 's hat float on top of the bubbling ooze . another FBI guy look like they take care of skugg , chief . the chief nod . they put away they gun , and approach Rick and the rest of the jubilant freak . chief Nice work , ricky . you will get a medal from the vice President for this . rick great . but how do you -- 100 . chief we have be follow skugg for year . scrappy just fill in some of the detail . scrappy yap ! FBI chief thank heaven you bring he to justice , Rick . God only know how far he sick plan would have go . another FBI guy hey chief , look at this ! the FBI guy have peel the decal off the pepsi machine , revealing that it 's actually a Coke machine ! the chief be sicken to the core . FBI chief be nothing sacred ? suddenly , the agent be distract by a terrible scream . they turn to the dunk tank and be shocked by what they see . FBI chief oh , my Lord ! rick no ! it can not be ! we swish pan over to reveal a dripping blob climb out of the dunk tank . the blob separate into two distinct entity with they back to we . they turn around and ...my God it 's ... it 's .... regis and kathie lee ! or at least a damn fine mutant imitation of they . call he / they elijus and elly lee . they both have glow red demon eye and speak in elijah 's voice . elijus think you kill I , huh ? elly lee what the hell be you look at ? FBI chief two piece of deadmeat ! 101 . blam ! blam ! blam ! the FBI guy open fire . we show only the horrify reaction of the freak as they look on . CUT to : int . regis and kathie lee set Rick , regis , and kathie Lee be still in silhouette . ricky and that 's my story . kathie lee ( yawn ) it be so exciting ! regis and long ! my God ! it make War and peace sound like a warm up act ! crew guy ( o.s. ) okay ! we get light ! regis it 's fix ? well , it 's about time ! the light come on -- no more silhouettes . ricky look perfectly normal , he old self . his weird silhouette be cause by a pot plant and some strange hang mobile behind he . ricky that 's better . regis I will say . ( to audience ) how ' bout it , folk . let 's hear it for ricky Coogan ! the audience applaud and hoot wildly . kathie lee can we bring out the other freak now ? the audience cheer as the rest of the freak walk out from the wing , and stand off to the side wave to the audience . they all look clean cut and happy . they wear t-shirt with they former identity print on they . " I be nosey , " " I be cowboy , " " I be the beard lady " etc . except the Worm , who 's still a worm . his T-shirt say , " I be still the worm " . 102 . worm ridiculous ... just because a man do not like macaroon ... nonsense . suddenly a squirrel run across stage , follow by Juan . he pounce and catch the furry little bugger . juan gotcha ! damn , it 's about time ! all the ex-freak ( happy to see he ) juan ! juan hey guy ! jeez ! you look great ! they all hug . regis that 's just great . what a story . and what a end ! elijah transformed by the goop ! kathie lee and he really look like --? rick exactly like you two , I swear . same face , same outfit , except they have this really big , hideous foot ... he look down at regis and kathie lee 's foot -- they're big , hideous monster foot ! suddenly they eye glow bright red -- it 's elijus and elly Lee ! they speak with elijah 's voice . elijus show 's over , ricky ! elly lee I be gonna drink you blood ! elly Lee pull a machete and be about to force it down on Rick 's throat when ... bang ! bang ! bang ! elijus and elly Lee 's eye go funny . they look at each other , spit up some blood , wave to the audience one last time , and collapse to the floor . Julie stand behind they , smoking gun in hand . she rush to Rick . they embrace . julie Rick ! it 's finally over ! 103 . rick yes ... yes it be . stuey ( o.c . ) Rick ! Rick ! Rick and Julie turn and see stuey , still a ten foot tall monster , run towards they . he 's carry a garbage bag drip blood . rick stuey ! stuey look ! I find the real regis and kathie Lee ! Rick and Julie look at the bag , mortify . stuey chuckle . stuey ( cont 'd ) no , this be just my lunch ! Rick and Julie sigh with relief . stuey pull out a similar leak bag and hold it up . stuey ( matter of fact ) this be regis and kathie Lee . Rick and Julie nod casually -- " oh . " audience awwww ! suddenly elijus and elly Lee pop up from behind the couch , bloody , but still fierce . they be about to stab Rick and Julie when ... bang ! bang ! bang ! bang ! bang ! five more shot ring out and they fall dead -- again . Ernie stand off to the side with a smoking gun . ernie oh , like that be not totally predictable . julie well , now it really be over . sappy end of the movie music well up . rick thank God . you know , this adventure have teach I something . ( more ) 104 . rick ( cont 'd ) when man start imping on the subtle perfection of the earth 's natural order , the only thing he will create be havoc . ernie right , coog . I learn somethin' too . that man and woman truly be equal . that the human spirit transcend gender and physical appearance , and thus it be immune to the petty degradation man may devise . I believe it be moliere who say -- Julie 's have enough . she sock Ernie square on the jaw . julie oh , shut up . ( she turn to Rick ) let 's go fuck . Rick give she the thumb up . they turn to the audience . rick / julie / ernie / stuey monster good night , everybody ! the audience cheer . the hit single from the soundtrack album kick in as we ... roll credit as the credit roll , and everybody continue to smile and wave at the cheer audience , elijus and elly Lee attack again . Ernie hand the gun to stuey , who shoot they dead . well , dead -ish . second later , after some more wave , they attack again . this time nosey and the bearded Lady stab they to death , sort of . a little more wave , before elijus and elly Lee make another pathetic attempt . they can barely stand . cowboy club one with a mic stand . Worm head - butt the other . a few second later , elijus 's bloody hand grope its way over the top of the studio couch . stuey have to prop he up while member of the audience be invite down to punch he in the chop . Ernie stand off to the side , charge everyone five buck per blow . as we fade , everyone 's have a go flipping , throw , kick and impale rag doll replica of America 's favorite morning show host . the end ?!