tod brown 's freak - screenplay - transcript of the 1932 cult horror classic film about circus sideshow freak by the director of dracula - screenplay - tod brown 's freak there never be , before or since , a movie like freak , a 1932 film by horror - master tod brown ( director of bela lugosi 's dracula ) , and , safe to say , there probably never will be again . today it be a cult classic , but in its day freak be consider too horrifying , and public outrage force it to be withdraw from distribution . the sideshow " freak " be all play by person with real deformity . no special - effect makeup be use , except in one brief scene at the end of the movie . the lengthy prologue that scroll up the screen at the beginning of the film include this line " never again will such a story be film , as modern science and teratology be rapidly eliminate such blunder of nature from the world . " but it be powerful progress of another sort that close the door on this genre of entertainment a new - spawn mutant of society call " political correctness . " tod brown 's freak - screenplay transcribed by http //www.paradiselost.org/1-nal.html ~ F R E a k S ~ the main title of the film be a paper sign , which be tear away by a circus sideshow barker . barker we do not lie to you , folk . we tell you we have live , breathe , monstrosity . you will laugh at they , shudder at they , and yet , but for the accident of birth , you might be even as they be . the camera reveal a attentive group of patron stand . on the wall be a sign " sword swallower , " and in the background we glimpse some indistinct figure seat , as if on display . they do not ask to be bring into the world , but into the world they come . they code be a law unto themselves . offend one , and you offend they all . ( he lead the crowd to a fence pit , whose content be hide from the camera . ) and now , folk , if you will just step this way , you be about to witness the most amazing , the most astounding , live monstrosity of all time . ( a woman scream . ) Friends , she be once a beautiful woman . a royal prince shot himself for love of she . she be know as the peacock of the air ... flashback to a beautiful woman perform on a trapeze . on the ground a pair of little people , male and female , dress in formal attire , watch from behind a curtain . the female midget , frieda , say something in german to she companion , han . han she 's the most beautiful big woman I have ever see . frieda why , han , how you talk ! I should be jealous pretty soon . han ah , do not be silly . frieda do not be silly ? I think this woman 's make eye at my han . of course , I be not jealous . han oh , frieda , my dear , I have eye for only one woman -- the woman I ask to be my wife . a shot of the aerialist perform . a shot of the strongman wrestle a bull . a costume performer hold a pony 's reign call to frieda . she walk over to he and they converse in german . the aerialist come behind the curtain near han . she be twice as tall as han . she notice he eyeing she and pretend to accidentally drop she cape , which han retrieve . frieda watch . when he lift the cape for she , the aerialist turn she back to he , smile , and wait for he to drape it on she shoulder . han be you laugh at I ? aerialist why no , monsieur . han then I be glad . aerialist why should I laugh at you ? han most big people do . they do not realize I be a man , with the same feeling they have . the aerialist kneel to allow han to place the cloak on she shoulder . when he do , she grab he hand and pull he so he cheek be next to hers . aerialist thank you . you be so kind , monsieur . frieda watch with annoyance . the aerialist walk over to frieda , who be sit side - saddle on she pony , and touch she ruffle dress . aerialist Nice , nice . frieda ( wave she away ) do not , do not . ( she motion she assistant to lead the pony away . ) aerialist ( to han ) you must come to see I sometime , and we will have a little wine together . ( she pinch he cheek . he thanks she . he be clearly smitten . ) scene a wooded estate on the french countryside two man be walk down a path . one , jon , be employ by the other , dubois , owner of the estate . we hear they speak excitedly before we see they . dubois ... only you imagination . jon but monsieur dubois , at first , I could not believe my own eye . a lot of horrible , twisted thing crawl , whining , glob . dubois really , jon , what be you drink last night ? jon nothing , monsieur , I assure you . ( we see what appear to be a family group in the distance . ) oh , monsieur , there must be a law in France to smother such thing at birth , or lock they up . dubois all right , jon , if there 's anything like you say on my grounds we will have it remove . they suddenly freeze and stare at what be ahead . a group of circus " freak " be sing and dance in a circle , while one lie on the ground play a harmonica . there be four " pinhead , " a " half - boy , " a " human skeleton , " a " human worm , " and a dwarf . when they see the two man approach , they run to they mistress , a normal woman , for protection , as jon yell at they . jon go away all of you ! do not you know tresspass 's the same as steal . the woman oh , I be sorry , monsieur . I be Madame tetrallini . this be child of my circus . jon Children ! monster ! dubois oh , you be a circus . I understand . mme . tetrallini so you see , monsieur , when I have a chance I like to take they into the sunshine and let they play like child . that be what most of they be -- child . dubois Children ... child . please forget the mistake , madame . you be welcome to remain . au revoir . come , jon . mme . tetrallini thanks a thousand , monsieur . ( the freak continue to huddle around she as the man leave . ) oh , shame , shame , shame . how many time have I tell you not to be frighten . have I not tell you God look after all he child ? scene the circus backlot mme . tetrallini return with she charge . as she pass , some acrobat greet she with mock politeness . first acrobat ( after she pass ) there she go take they off to exercise . nurse to a lot of mangy freak . the acrobat see the " half woman - half man " approach from the other side . his / she gender separation be sharply draw vertically down the center of he / she body . second acrobat ( imitate the barker 's pitch ) ah ha ! just as they be represent on the banner , you will meet they on the inside -- live , breathe monstrosity josephine - Joseph , half woman , half man . first acrobat have a cigar , Joseph ? second acrobat you drop you lipstick , josephine . first acrobat do not get she sore or he will punch you in the nose . josephine - Joseph ignore they . a woman be ushere some train seal into they cage . voice off camera you be all wrong . I do not d-d - do it . strongman what be you try to do , be funny ? the strongman and roscoe , a female impersonator , enter . roscoe be in drag . roscoe ( remove he wig ) ah , you just d- do not understand . strongman a Roman lady get off the bull and scratch yourself ! roscoe well , c-ca not a Roman lady itch ? strongman ( help roscoe out of he dress ) why do not you take a bath . roscoe I do , but it 's the bull that need the b-b-bath . josephine - Joseph walk by and " josephine " turn and look back at the strongman admiringly . roscoe I think she like you ... but he d- do not . strongman laugh . scene at the curtain have complete she act , cleopatra , the aerialist , enter from the other side of the curtain , and walk to where han wait for she . cleopatra oh han , that flower you send to I -- they be beautiful ! han but none as beautiful as you . cleopatra oh , thank you . ( she kneel . ) and han , I do not like to ask , but may I have the loan of another thousand frank until my money from Paris arrive ? han with pleasure , fraeulein . cleopatra thank you . ( she kiss he on the cheek . ) han I will bring it to you wagon tonight . scene inside a circus wagon the strongman stand by in he costume , short and a studd vest , while a pretty young woman angrily gather she belonging . strongman oh forget it , forget it . maybe I be just fool . girl fool ? fool , huh ? " come little girl , I want to take care of you . " oh , and I fall for that ! strongman ah forget it , forget it . ( watch she ) so you be quit ? be that it ? girl maybe I be only fool . strongman well you be not quit I , ' cause I be kick you out ! girl oh ? strongman oh no you do not . ( he grab a atomizer from she hand . ) I give you this . girl why you cheap ...! oh ! ( she storm past he . ) strongman and do not you come around cry tonight , try to get back in . I be through waste my time and money on dame like you . girl ( turn to face he from the doorway ) yeah , you be time , but my money ! ( she turn and leave . ) strongman ( to himself ) ungrateful little tramp . ( he spray he bare chest with perfume and smile with self - approval . ) the girl , venus , be a animal trainer . carry she belonging outside , she storm past a clown who be remove he makeup , stop and turn to face he . venus well , what be you stare at ? ( she walk back to he . ) do not you ever see a lady move before ? ( he take off he false nose . ) I guess you be listen to every word he say . that 's it . that 's it , go ahead and laugh . it 's funny be not it . ( he just stare at she . ) yeah . woman be funny , be not they . ( he remove he bald top . ) they be all tramp , be not they . yeah . except when you can get money from they . the clown spread cold cream on he face as venus go into she trailer . suddenly , he turn and , grab a towel , run to she trailer . clown well , I will be ... say , who do you think you be , shoot off you hat . ( he go inside . the wall of the wagon be decorate with trinket and glamour photo . ) hey , this be phroso -- phroso you be talk to ! not any of that lug you be chase around with . now you listen to I -- venus oh , I do not mean you . I have to take it out on somebody . phroso yeah , you dame be all alike . you sharp shoot you cheek , and how you squeal when you get what 's come to you . ( she sit down and start to cry . ) aw , easy . take it easy . cut it ! venus it 's my own fault . what get I so cockey sore at myself be that I fall for that big bunch of beef . phroso so you finally get wise to yourself , do you ? ( he wipe he face and hand . ) funny thing about you woman , most of you do not get wise soon enough . you wait until you be so old nobody want you . venus nobody do most of the time . phroso yeah , you ought to be tickle to death you be wash up with he . you be not so hard to look at . give yourself a couple . you will make the grade . you break be come . venus come ! go , you mean . phroso oh , now you gonna sit there feel sorry for yourself . venus oh , no I be not . ( she stand . ) do not you ever accuse I of that ! phroso all right ! all right !... but one thing . do not go around fill you hide with a lot of booze , celebrate , ' cause fun what 's get that way never do no one no good . get I ? venus I get you ... say you be a pretty good kid . phroso you be darn right I be . you should have catch I before my operation . he go outside . a pair of female siamese twin , who be join at the hip , come walk by . they say hello to phroso . phroso well , well , well ! tomorrow night 's the big night , hey lady ? violet yes , my sister 's get marry . daisy ( sarcastically ) and I be thrilled to death . violet she thrill at anything . phroso oh , roscoe 's a good kid . daisy she 's only joke . she will like he lot after she know he better . phroso oh , that remind I . Close you eye , violet . go ahead , close they . ( she do , and he touch Daisy 's shoulder . ) what do I do ? violet you pinch Daisy 's arm . roscoe be nearby , watch . phroso well , what do you know about that ! roscoe oh , D - Daisy . violet her master 's voice be call . ( they go over to roscoe . ) roscoe ( to Daisy ) get fresh , ay ? well , I do not like it one b-b - b - violet well , come on . come on . you will have to hurry . we have not much time . roscoe ( to Daisy ) so you be flirt with that cheap clown , be you ? daisy no , I be not . violet all he be do be a trick with I . roscoe you shut up . I be m-marry you sister , n- not you . ( to Daisy ) I see he get familiar with you . violet oh come on , Daisy . roscoe oh no you d- do not . she 's gonna stay right here ! violet no she be not ! I gotta go . ( they leave . ) roscoe oh , phooey ! you be always use that for a excu - for a excu - for a ali-b - b - bi . scene exterior , later hercules , the strongman , walk across the circus backlot , sing . he be in he street clothes . he hear a tapping sound and turn to see . cleopatra lean out of she trailer window . cleopatra ( seductively ) where be you go ? ( he walk over to the window , smile broadly . ) well , you do not look around I so much . hercule oh yes , I have see you . cleopatra so that 's how it be . you get to be coy . well ? ( as he lean up to kiss she , she withdraw . he go to the door . ) ah! come on in . ( she put on a flowery robe over she black slip . cleopatra 's trailer be larger than the other . the woodwork be elaborately carve . ) help yourself to a drink . hercule ah ! that be fine . ( he pour a drink . ) cleopatra do you like eat something ? hercule always . ( he hand she a glass . they toast and drink . ) cleopatra ( hold up a egg ) how many ? hercule oh , I be not very hungry -- about six . she crack it and put it into a pan . then she face he , and strike a suggestive pose , as she robe fall open . cleopatra how do you like they ? hercule not bad . ( suddenly , he grab she roughly . ) cleopatra ( laugh ) oh , but you be strong ! you be squeezing I to death . hercule and you like it . cleopatra oh ! you be take my breath away ! they kiss . josephine - Joseph be watch at the doorway . when cleopatra see she / he , she smile drop immediately . hercules shout and run out after she / he . josephine - Joseph be lean against the wagon . josephine powder she nose . hercule now here 's something for you eye ! ( he punch Joseph . cleopatra laugh . ) scene exterior han and frieda be sit at a table alongside a trailer . frieda but han , mein liebling , you have not be listen to a word I have be say . ( she tap he arm . ) han ! han yes , frieda . frieda you have not be listen to I . han yes I have , frieda , I have . frieda then what be I say ? han you be say -- you be say -- what be you say ? frieda I be say tonight you must not smoke such a big cigar . you voice be very bad in tonight 's show . han please , frieda , do not tell I what to do ! when I want a cigar , I smoke a cigar ! I want no order from a woman ! frieda ah , han , this be the first time since we have be engage you have speak to I so . why be it ? han ( touch she arm ) oh , frijy , I be sorry . I -- ah , here 's we coffee . a fat woman , come and place two cup before they . her manner be as if she be serve two little child . han five lump of sugar in each . scene in cleopatra's wagon cleo be in she robe , peel a potato . hercules , in street clothes , be eat a apple and look over a basket of fruit . hercule say , the little imp spend some francs on this . cleo yes , he do , very . we be do very well . ( he sit and eat a apple . she walk over to he . ) but I do not like fruit . hercule you should eat a lot . it 's good for you . cleo next time I tell he I like champagne . ( a knock on the door . ) who be it ? han han . cleo ( she smile , motion to hercules to be quiet , and go to the window . ) who ? han han . cleo oh , my darling , you basket of fruit be lovely . but I be -- uh --( she wink at hercules . ) I be take a nap . can not you come back later ? han yes , fraeulein . cleo oh , thank you , dear . ( cleo and hercules laugh silently . ) shhh , you will spoil everything if he hear you . hercules fall back on the bed , laugh . she kneel beside he and they embrace and kiss . scene exterior venus sit on the step of a wagon , sewing . frieda be hang clothes on a clothesline . venus what 's the matter ? you be not sing as usual . frieda oh , this morning I have such a big wash to do . venus how 's han ? ( no answer . ) I say -- uh--how 's han ? frieda oh , han be fine . thank you , he 's fine . venus frieda , something 's wrong . what be it ? frieda oh , nothing ... ( she walk over to venus ) ... only -- well -- that cleopatra woman -- my han -- oh , I can not tell you . venus she 's still after han , be not she . frieda yeah . always she 's smile by he . venus yeah , well if she smile by somebody I know , she will have to buy herself a new set of tooth . frieda but why be it we woman always have get to worry ? venus oh , it 's always be that way . I guess it always will be . frieda yeah . and by I she have no shame . always when I can hear it , she say to he , " many thanks , my darling , for the flower . thanks , my darling , for this , " and " thanks , my darling , for that . " always something he be give she . venus oh , do not you worry , frieda , he do not love she - - that big horse . frieda yes , but she keep after he . that 's why I worry . ( she go back to she wash . ) scene under the tent han stand gaze admiringly at cleopatra , who sit in the bleacher . hercules and the two acrobat be play card . they be intent on goad han . acrobat ( to hercules ) why not pink tight , you know , with spangle all around . it will show she figure off more . hercule no. nein . no tight , without tight . you know that stuff -- they be flimsy -- what you call that stuff ? we will see she through it . acrobat why not like Lady Godiva ? hercule yeah , that 's it , we will have she ride the feathered white horse . ( they laugh . ) han ( lose control ) what have you in you sawdust head ! ( cleopatra suddenly moan . han rush over . ) what 's the matter ! what 's the matter ! cleopatra oh , I think I sprain my shoulder last night . give a rub , will you ? ( she push she blouse off she shoulder and han rub she back . she and the man smirk at each other . ) further , further , down , down , over , over . oh , it 's so good to be rubbed . the men ( extend card , in unison ) we card , lady . cleopatra what for ? the men a fellow rubber from Berlin . han angrily shout at they in german . they laugh . scene exterior phroso ( about to get into costume ) that remind I , I have a swell dream about you last night . venus ( interested ) oh , you do ? phroso yeah . you be stand in a bathing suit on a rock , you know , like a statue , and the wind be blow through you hair , and the wave be wash around you , and you figure - - how it stand out . it look great . say , you have get a good figure . venus oh , do you think so ? phroso sure ... johnny ( from off camera ) hey phroso ! ( johnny be the half - boy . he be a handsome , charming young man who have no body below he waist . he enter walk with he arm . ) do you try that gag I tell you about ? phroso yeah , I do , and it be a wow . get up here , johnny and I will show it to you . ( johnny climb the trailer step as phroso go off camera . ) I do everything you tell I and it laid them right in the sawdust . watch this . venus , watch this . johnny hello , venus . venus hello , johnny . say , phroso , what else do you dream ? phroso then the dream change and we be in Paris . venus Paris ! phroso yeah , at the opera , right in the front box . we be all dress up . venus oh gee , what would I have on ? phroso and do I look swell . everybody be point at I . they be say , " that 's phroso , the clown . " and be I embarrassed . ( phroso be now in a oversize clown tuxedo . ) venus well , do they say anything about I ? phroso ( come back out ) sure , sure . venus what would they say ? phroso hit I . ( he hand she a oversize mallet . ) go ahead , hit I . ( venus ' smile have drop . ) on the head . ( she take the mallet and hit he over the head . his head disappear into he collar . he flail about , shriek . then he head pop out again . ) oh , that 's how it be . you do not think it 's funny ? it 's sad , be it ? well , it be just panic them - - that 's how sad it be . off camera phroso ! phroso ! ( one of the pinhead run up to phroso and whisper in he ear . ) phroso no ! when ? ( he and the pinhead run off . he call back to johnny and venus . ) come on ! come on , venus , the bearded lady 's baby 's bear ! Inside a wagon several freak be gather around the bearded lady , who lie in bed . johnny come in and balance himself on one hand on the bedpost . a armless girl lift the cover with she foot to show the baby . phroso oh , be not it beautiful ! what be it ? armless girl a girl . phroso oh boy , that 's great -- and it 's gonna have a beard . scene exterior the human skeleton ( a impossibly skinny man ) bring a box of cigar over to the man play card . acrobat ah , how 's the proud father ? skeleton Fine . acrobat what be it ? skeleton girl . acrobat better luck next time . you might get a couple of Smith Brothers . skeleton I be try . ( laughter . the skeleton walk over to a couple of dwarf sit nearby . ) scene interior the siamese twin be make they bed . daisy please , violet , please do not quarrel with he any more . violet oh well , if he 's go to say anything , let he say it . do not let he " p - p - p " for a hour . ( roscoe enter , hearing the last remark . ) roscoe say , you be go to do as I say . I be the b-b-boss of my home . violet half of it , you mean . daisy please , please , violet . roscoe ( put on a tie ) listen here , I d- do not want that tramp you g-go with hang around my wife . violet oh , be quiet ! hook up we dress . roscoe ( as he do so ) oh , you d-dress . I will hook it up and something else . and another thing , you gotta cut out get d-drunk every night , too . violet be that so ? roscoe yeah . I be not gonna have my wife lay in b-be half a day with you hangover . violet come on , Daisy , let 's get out of here . roscoe oh no she d- do not . she 's gonna stay right here . violet come on , I gotta go . ( they exit . ) roscoe ah , phooey ! you be always use that for a excu - excu - for a alib-b- bi. scene interior a dwarf be hum as he pour two drink . his name be angelino . the armless girl , france , sit nearby . france cleopatra be not one of we . why , we be just filthy thing to she . she would spit on han if he be not give she present . angelino let she try it . let she try do anything to one of we . france you be right . she do not know we . but she will find out . angelino there you be . ( he place a drink between she toe . he toast and they drink . ) [ the midget , frieda and han , be proportionally small , include they head and face , so they resemble child . only the age line in they face , see close up , reveal they age . the dwarf , on the other hand , have almost normal size head and body , with very short limb . ] scene exterior the " human worm " lie on a ledge as rollo , the acrobat , brag about he act . the human worm ( a.k.a. the " live torso " ) be a black man with no arm or leg . he be bald and wear loop earring . while rollo talk , the worm open a matchbox , take out a match , light it , light a cigarette and smoke -- all do by manipulation with he lip and tooth . rollo I kinda peek out the corner of my eye and catch mme . tetrallini give we the once over . I guess she know she 's get a good act -- one of the best in the business . it be not only we act that get they . we have get personality . we know how to sell the stuff . same way in the last town . never hear such applause in you life . let I tell you something that everybody around here do not know . we be only kill time with this circus . we have get bigger time to follow . and we can do it too . well , catch we act tomorrow night . we have get something new . worm ( call after he as rollo leave ) anything I can do in the act , bro ? scene exterior phroso be wash up as a pinhead approach and tap he . phroso oh , schlitzey , what a pretty dress . oh , how beautiful you look tonight . ( venus , in a spangle costume , watch from the sideline . ) you be just a man 's woman . you know what I mean ? huh ? you. ( schlitzey be delighted . ) if you be a good girl , when I get to Paris I be gonna buy you a big hat , with a long beautiful feather on it . ( two more pinhead enter , arm -in - arm , and greet phroso . ) oh , hello , elvira . hello , Jenny - lee. have not schlitzey get a beautiful dress ? be not that pretty ? [ the pinhead be small woman with head that come to a point at the top . they be bald except for a tuft of hair at the top with a bow on it . they face be comically homely , and they be mentally retarded . they be cheerful , affectionate creature . ] ( to Jenny - Lee ) when I get to Paris I be gonna buy she a big hat with a long feather on it . and if you be a good girl , when I get to Paris I be gonna buy you a hat with a bigger feather on it . ( schlitzey say something unintelligible , as if scolding phroso . ) why , schlitzey , what 's the matter ? ( she come over and slap he playfully on the chest . ) oh , I be sorry , schlitzey . ( she finish scolding he and leave . venus climb the step to she trailer . ) scene exterior france , the armless girl , and molina , a pinhead , be seat at a table , eat . molina be older than the other pinhead . she also differ from they in that she have hair on she head , a long nose , a somewhat higher i.q. , and a sober demeanor . molina do you see he ? he 's out there again tonight . france he follow you from the last town . molina I know it , and if Eddie see we there will be a fight . france why ? it 's not you fault . rollo enter . rollo ah , there you be , france . think you would go to bed . france hello , rollo . rollo well , hear that crowd out there again tonight ? I bet you think the tent be on fire , huh ? well , it be not . just the rollo Brothers panic them again . ( while rollo talk , france feed herself and drink with she foot . ) but then we do it in every town . we be so use to it , it 's get monotonous . hey , come on and take a look at we act tomorrow night . scene interior fade from france ' drink to close up of a drink be mix . camera pan to reveal first cleopatra , half - recline in bed , then han , who be serve they both . cleo careful ! careful ! do not waste any of it . ( as she bring it to she lip ) look how it sparkles . han like you eye , dance , gay , with bubbles . cleo oh , it 's delicious . mmmm . Nice , nice . han it come by the finest vineyard of France . cleo have you send for it specially for I ? han ( toast ) for the most beautiful woman in all the world . cleo darling ! ( they drink . ) scene exterior phroso be sit in a bathtub , apparently naked , rub himself with a cloth . venus come out of she trailer and walk over to he . she be dress to go out . phroso hello there , baby . hey , where you be so long ? venus you be a funny guy , phroso . ( she walk up to the tub . ) sometimes you panic I . phroso do not I know it . I panic the world , because I use my noodle . ( venus lean on the tub . ) I think up funny gag . I make the world laugh . with I , clowning be a art . ( she be peer closely into the tub . ) hey , why the hat ? the head cold ? venus think you and I have a date to go out . phroso oh ! I forget all about it . well , I be into this now . I gotta go through with it . ( he appear to be vigorously scrubbing he leg . ) venus well , make it snappy , will ya . I be all dolled up for the occasion . phroso sorry , kid , can not do it now . ( suddenly he dip forward out of sight and slip out from the tub 's false bottom . he stand . he be wear pants . ) we will make it some other time , huh ? ( she sulk . ) aw , do not feel that way about it . I just get this idea all of a sudden and I gotta finish it . funny gag , be not it ? ( he be attach a wire - spoke wheel to the base of the tub . ) venus yeah . I be laugh myself sick . phroso aw , say , come on . ( he get up and go to she . ) honey . hey . come on , come on , come on . now , now , now , now . ( she smile . ) that 's much better . ( he kiss she . ) venus that 's the first time you ever do that ! phroso ai not the first time I feel like do it . venus yeah ? phroso oh , venus . ( they embrace and kiss again . ) I do not mind tell you I want to do this for a long time . venus ( whisper in he ear ) so have I , phroso . phroso well , we be all set now , hey venus ? venus ( softly ) yeah . phroso ( burst ) we be all set now ! scene exterior a handsome suitor hold violet 's hand as they sit together , while Daisy read a book . vadjez please . please do . do not you want to make I happy ? violet yes ... but I do not know what to say . vadjez just say yes , dear . will you ? violet yes . vadjez oh , violet . ( they embrace and kiss . Daisy lift she head and smile in ecstasy . ) scene exterior phroso ( still work on he tub ) what be you kick about ? you get a good wife . you be happy . roscoe oh , that sister - in - law of mine -- she want to sit up half the n-night r-read . phroso gee , that 's tough . roscoe tough ! you b- b- ( he suddenly stop and stare . he poke phroso , who turn and look . cleopatra and han be say goodnight . han kiss she hand , then descend the wagon step and walk away . ) roscoe cleo 's go on a d-d-diet ! ( phroso laugh loudly . ) scene exterior vadjez it 's awfully sweet of you to say that . daisy ( shaking he hand ) and I know violet will be happy . oh , here 's roscoe . ( he enter . ) this be Mr. vadjez . roscoe glad to meetcha . ( they shake hand . ) daisy violet and he be engage to be marry . roscoe oh , yeah ? vadjez yes , and you must come to see we sometime . roscoe thanks . you must come to v-v-v- come to see we sometime , too . vadjez I certainly will . thanks . scene exterior frieda approach han ' wagon hesitantly . she knock , then back away . han who be it ? frieda it 's frieda , han . ( he open the door . ) May I come in ? han yes , frieda . ( she enter and sit . ) frieda now that I be here , I do not know how to say it -- how to make you understand . ( on the verge of tear ) if you know how I feel , han , to come to you about she . han oh , frieda , I be so sorry . I do not want to hurt you . frieda if you could be happy , han , I would not care . han but I be happy , frieda . never in my life be I so happy . frieda no , han . you think it only . for you she cannot bring happiness . han ah , frieda , you do not know ! ( he walk away . ) frieda but I do , han . han you think because she 's so beautiful and I be just a mi- frieda ( cut he off ) do not , han ! to I you be a man . but to she you be only something to laugh at . the whole circus , they make fun by you and she . han let they laugh , the swine ! I love she . they can not hurt I . frieda but they hurt I . han frieda , I have be a coward . I should have come to you in the beginning . please forgive I ? frieda yes , han , I forgive you . it be only that you should be happy I want . ( she turn to go . ) han frieda , you will not worry now , will you ? frieda ( without look back ) no , I will not worry . ( she exit . ) scene interior Close up of a necklace , as cleo hand it to hercules cleo Nice , very nice , hmm ? hercule it 's platinum ! hey , where do you think the little pollywog be get he money ? ( they laugh . ) cleo be so particular ! ( he hand she a drink as she sit on the bed . ) what do you care where the money come from . ( she drink . ) how much be it worth ? hercule we get five hundred for the bracelet -- but this look like thousand ! cleo I think next time I will take a fur coat . hercule say , that little ape 's get idea about you . cleo jealous ? hercule I ? I will squash he like a bug . ( a knock at the door turn they head . ) cleo that 's he knock . I will get rid of he . go , quickly ! ( he go into the next room , take the liquor with he . ) come in . ( frieda enter . ) what do you want ? frieda ( she slowly walk over to cleo . ) its about han . cleo well ? I be listen . frieda it 's behind he back , everybody 's laugh , because he 's in love with you . cleo go on . frieda I know you just make fun . but han , he do not know this . if he find out , never again will he be happy . cleo what make you think that I be just make fun ? frieda you face -- so beautiful -- cleo -- and han be so little , so cute , eh ? well , maybe I be go to marry he ! frieda if you marry , it will be at you they laugh and stare ! cleo of course . nothing like be different . cleopatra , queen of the air , marry to a dwarf ! ( laugh ) frieda a dwarf ! cleo a dwarf . frieda then it 's not for han you care ! it 's the money ! cleo money . you ... little mind reader . frieda ah , he have tell you of the fortune he have inherite . ( cleo 's eye light up . ) always he warn I to tell no one until after we leave the circus . cleo a fortune ... and fancy you know about it too . well , I can not be angry at he for that . frieda no ! no ! you can not do this ! cleo no ? hmm , you wait and see . frieda please , you can not . ( hopeless , she exit . cleo jump up as hercules reenter . ) hercule a fortune ! I bet the little lame 's worth billion ! cleo a fortune ! can you beat that ! a fortune ! and I have he like that . ( snap she finger ) hercule a fool he be not . he know enough to keep he mouth shut . cleo I could marry he . yes ! he would marry I . ( hercules laugh . camera pan in on cleo , who have become deadly serious . ) midget ... be not strong ... they could get sick . hercule ( quietly ) how ? cleo it could be do ... slowly . scene in the big tent caption on screen " the wedding feast . " all the freak be seat about a huge table set up under the big top . koo koo , a pinhead , be dance on the table to a harmonica play by the human skeleton . she wear tight and a feathered jacket , a big feather atop she head , and large round eyeglass . she shimmy as the crowd laugh and drink , include cleo and hercules , who be seat next to each other . cleo 's hand reach under the table and pour something from a vile into a bottle of wine . she then lift the bottle and pour a drink for han , who sit on she leave , wear a tuxedo . cleo ( exuberantly ) oh , come on , my little precious , let 's drink . be happy ! drink ! ( as they toast and drink , roscoe tap the table with a wooden spoon to gain attention . ) roscoe hey , k - koo koo , give somebody else a chance ! ( everyone laugh . ) all right , professor . professor a waltz , please . ( he insert the entire length of a sword 's blade down he throat . Madame tetrallini and schlitzey laugh and applaud . frieda , sit next to they , be somber . ) angelino show he up , volcano ! ( the fire - eater place a flame torch in he mouth . elvira and Jenny - Lee laugh with glee and clap . ) cleo we wedding night ! ( laugh ) what a thrill ! han ( slightly tipsy ) never before do I think I should be so lucky . cleo lucky ! ( laugh ) I be the lucky one , my little han . han my cleo 's happy ... happy . cleo happy ? ( she laugh , as frieda watch sadly . ) I be so happy I even could kiss you , ( to hercules ) you big homely brute ! ( cleo and hercules kiss passionately . han ' face drop . mme. tetrallini try to comfort frieda . ) ah , my little green - eye monster . ( to han , laugh ) my husband be jealous ! ( frieda be cry . ) he love I ! ( frieda get up and leave . mme. tetrallini look on the scene disdainfully , then hurl a epithet at cleo and run after frieda . ) cleo come , my little lover . drink to the happiness of you loving wife . ( schlitzey laugh . ) angelino attention ! attention ! we will make she one of we . a loving cup ! a loving cup ! josephine - Joseph , france , johnny , koo koo , and the other pound the table and chant , as angelino stand on the table top and pour from a bottle into the loving cup . all freak ( chant ) we accept she - - one of we -- gooble , gobble - - we accept she - - one of we -- gooble , gobble ... hercule they be go to make you one of they , my peacock ! ( he laugh . but cleo stop laugh and stiffly rise from she chair . angelino be walk back and forth across the tabletop give the other sip from the loving cup . he trot over to cleo , drink from the cup himself , then offer it to she . she take it in she hand . ) cleo ( shouting ) you !... dirty !... slimy !... freak ! ( there be silence . ) freak !... freak !... get out of here ! ( she throw the drink at they . ) hercule get out ! you hear she ! get out ! ( laugh . they all slowly leave . ) cleo you filth ! make I one of you , will you ! ( to han ) well , what be you go to do ? what be you a man or a baby ! han please ! please ! you make I ashamed . cleo ashame ! you ! Holy Christmas ! ( she sit next to he . ) what must I do ? must I play game with you ? must mamma take you horsey - back ride ? hercule ha , ha , that 's it ! horsey - back ride ! ( laugh , he get up , go over and pick up han . ) come , come , my little fly speck . momma be go to take you horsey - back ride . ( cleo laugh as hercules place han on she shoulder . she get up and dance around the table in she silken white wedding gown , bounce han on she shoulder . ) geddy -up ! geddy -up ! ( hercules grab a trumpet from one of the depart freak and run after she , toot it . han cover he face in shame . ) scene interior cleo sit on the bed . han stand , he hand to he forehead . hercules hover over han in dark sillouette . hercule ah forget it , han . she be sorry . I be sorry . do not I tell you she be drunk ? do not I tell you we be only have a little fun ? han please . i- I understand ... everything . ( he wipe he face with a handkerchief . ) hercule no , you do not . I tell you , there 's nothing between I and cleo . cleo oh , be quiet ! have not you do enough damage for one night ! do not you realize what I be be accuse of ? hercule I be not go to be blame for something I have not do . han I do not blame you , cleo . I do not blame hercules . ( angelino appear at the window . ) only I , myself . hercule now you be talk like a man . ha , ha . ( he slap han on the back , cause he to fall against cleo 's lap . ) cleo ( to hercules ) you fool ! ( hercules take a drink . ) han always I should have know you would only laugh at I . ( he wipe he face . ) cleo my sweet , I would rather fall from the trapeze and break my neck , than hurt you feeling . do you understand now ? it be only a joke . han we wedding - - a joke ? now I know how funny it be . han , the midget . ( laugh ) I be the fool ! everywhere they be laugh . laugh ! laugh ! laugh ! oh ! ( he put he hand to he head and faint to the floor . ) hercule you give he too much . cleo no , I have not . I know what I be do . ( she stand . ) come on . pick he up . ( hercules put down he drink , lift han and hand he to cleo , who carry he out and across to she trailer . the human worm watch from behind a wagon wheel . ) scene han ' wagon outside , various circus people watch and wait . Inside , cleo and the doctor be seat at the foot of the bed where han lie . mme . tetrallini watch from the inner doorway . mme . tetrallini Doctor , what be it ? what cause it ? ( other be see peer from beyond the front door . ) doctor poison . ( mme. tetrallini and cleo exchange hostile look . ) a bad case of ptomaine poisoning . ( mme. tetrallini continue to look at cleo with suspicion . ) cleo Doctor , do I do wrong then , give he mustard water ? doctor no. probably it save he life . ( angelino be see at the window . ) outside , frieda sit at she trailer door , with venus stand beside she . frieda never before do he drink like that . but she keep make he and make he . venus ( sarcastically ) drink , huh ? hercules stand with he leg up on a wagon step . he look worried . he step away and disappear behind the wagon . across the way a group of freak sit quietly watch . venus approach hercules behind the wagon . venus you better get cleo to tell the doctor what she put in that wine last night . hercule what you talk about , eh ? venus the stuff she put in the wine ! hercule you be crazy . venus yeah ? well , you can not get away with it . I will tell the copper . hercule so , hey , tell on you own people ? venus my people be decent circus folk . not dirty rat what would kill a freak to get he money . hercule dirty little ... ( he grab she as she turn to leave , but he see the freak watch and let she go . ) ah , you imagination 's get the best of you . venus yeah ? maybe it be . but copper do not have imagination , so I have be tell . do not make I have to go to them . ( she leave . ) scene evening several freak be stand watch . hercules come out of he wagon , in costume . roscoe be stand there , in woman 's dress , hold he wig in he hand . they do not speak . after a awkward moment , roscoe leave . beneath a wagon the human worm edge across the ground . other freak huddle under a wagon . hercules lace he boot . Inside han ' wagon , cleo , in she trapeze outfit , be put away a glass . han be in bed . han cleo . cleo yes ? han it have be the fifth night we have be marry -- a week since I have say all that thing to you . cleo ( go over to he ) do not , do not . han never can I forgive myself for what I have say . cleo ( stroking he head ) I have forget . nothing matter , except for you to be well . han ( patting she hand ) how good you be by I , cleo . ( angelino watch at the window . ) cleo I must fix you medicine , or I will be late . she go into the other room and prepare he medicine . from the window , angelino watch she add something to it from a little bottle . she return to han and feed he a spoonful , which he passively accept . when she leave the room , han eye open and he lean forward and spit the medicine into a handkerchief . she put the medicine away and return . cleo I will be soon back , my little . do not be lonely . han I will never forget what you be do for I , cleo . cleo but it 's what I want to do , my darling . now , now I must hurry . han cleo . cleo yes ? han ( very weakly ) will you leave the door open , please ? cleo yes , my darling . as she walk across the court to she wagon , johnny cross she path walk with he arm . under the step she be about to climb she see other freak lurking . she quickly go in . angelino slip into han ' wagon and walk over to he . han tonight . angelino they will be ready . han all right . you come to my wagon . ( angelino nod and leave . han lie back and grin , mockingly . ) I must hurry now and fix you medicine , my darling , or I will be late ... ( his smile drop . ) ... dirty ... slimy ... freak . scene night Thunder . beneath the line of wagon johnny propel himself swiftly across the ground on he arm . lightn . Beyond he we see the leg of man busy with preparation to set the circus to travel again . johnny come to the underside of a wagon where a group of freak wait . johnny he 's wait . angeleno Fine ... fine . fade to a shot of wagon be pull by horse through a violent storm . Inside one of the wagon josephine - Joseph turn from the window to face the other . josephine -joseph soon we go . ( she turn back to the window . ) in he wagon , hercules put on a hat , blow out he lantern , and then leap from the move vehicle . Thunder . in another wagon , frieda and phroso sit talk . phroso ah , you be imagine thing . frieda no . then I hear hercules tell cleo , " venus know too much . " phroso hercules ? venus ? frieda yes . phroso oh , ho ! thanks , frieda . ( he put on he hat and leave . ) in han ' room johnny and a couple of dwarf be gather about he bed , as one of they play a eerie melody on the flute . outside , the storm rage . cleo enter from the galley . cleo my little , you must go to sleep . you friend better go now . han I like they here . cleo no , no , no , han . they can come back tomorrow . I will give you you medicine and get you off to sleep . go , go on , all of you , quick , quick . ( as she go to get he medicine , han abruptly swing he foot around and sit up . she return with the spoonful of medicine and stop short . ) what 's this ? han give I the little black bottle . lightn flash . she back away . one of the dwarf casually pull out a switchblade and polish it . johnny take a gun from he pocket and wipe it with he handkerchief . cleo drop the spoon . han ( extend he hand ) the bottle . ( she pull it out of she pocket and give it to he . ) you get this full of poison - - to kill . in the rain a figure climb onto the rear of a move wagon . Inside , venus turn to see hercules break in . she back away , grab a crowbar for defense . as hercules crawl in , phroso leap onto the wagon and jump he from behind . they roll into the wagon and struggle , as the wagon rock wildly from the bumpy ride . venus phroso ! phroso get out , venus ! another wagon hit a rut and tip into a ditch . a scream . cleo climb from the tilt wagon and run scream into the wood . Little figure scramble out and run after she . in the other wagon phroso again cry out to venus to get out . she call for help at the window . hercules and phroso struggle wildly . outside , mme . tetrallini run about , shouting frantically . hercules grab venus . phroso jump on he and they fall out of the wagon . in the mud below , hercules be on top of phroso , choke he . suddenly a throw knife strike hercules . phroso get away . writhing in pain , hercules look up to see freak crawl and slithering towards he from every direction in the pour rain , with knife in they hand and in they tooth . in the wood , cleo be run and scream , pursue by she revenger . her scream fade , as the early scene of the sideshow barker stand over the enclose pit , surround by circus patron , reappear . barker how she get that way will never be know . some say a jealous lover . other , that it be the code of the freak . other , the storm . believe it or not , there she be . in the pit be a creature with no human body beneath she head . a feathered , bird - like belly bulge from she frilly circus jacket . she support herself on shaky arm , as johnny do with more grace , and she face be scar , deform , and have a dead expression . from she mouth come a wild squawk sound , in keep with she chicken - like appearance . scene interior of a mansion library han pace the floor . a butler enter . butler but , sir , they insist on see you . han you know how I feel . I be see no one . have I not tell you , fritz ? send they away . butler very good , sir . ( he turn to exit as phroso force he way in . ) han I can see no one . butler Excuse I , sir , you can not come in . phroso can not I ? butler no , sir , I have my order . phroso well , I be in be not I ? ( to han ) oh , yes you can , hansy old boy . there 's someone you just gotta see . ( he enter , follow by venus and frieda . ) han ( to frieda ) why do you come here ? frieda please , han , do not be angry . venus and phroso have be so kind by I . han please , go away ... I can not see no one . ( he turn away . ) frieda but han , you try to stop they . it be only the poison you want . it be not you fault . ( she approach he . venus poke phroso and they smile and leave . ) do not ... do not worry , han . come to I , my lieber . do not cry . ( she sit and stroke he head as he sink into she lap . ) do not , han . do not cry . I love you . I love you . ~ the end ~