nightmare 13 -- freddy meet jason by Lewis abernathy fade in : ext . elm STREET - day meagan be come down the sidewalk in slow motion . her dress and long hair blow slightly in the breeze . the SOUND of child chanting increase . dream child ( in chorus ) one ... two ... freddy 's come for you . on " you " there be a rumble and a flash -- like quick lightning only evil . ( Choice flash from nightmare on elm Street 1 &amp ; 2 ) . Meagan turn at 1665 . a beautiful white , two -story house , thick with lush green foliage . several beautiful child , all dress in bright white , play hopscotch and jumprope on the front walk . dream child ( continue ; chant ) Three ... four ... better lock you door . Close on a little girl 's foot come down on the number " 4 " draw on concrete . another rumble and flash -- longer , louder . ( flashes from nightmare 3 &amp ; 4 ) . Meagan continue up the walk , the wind be blow a little harder now . the tree be brown , the leave peel away . move up the walk , closer to the house ... only now it 's a little darker , need some paint . on the front porch , a little girl ride a tricycle . dream child ( continue ; chant ) five ... six ... rumble . flash . ( nightmare 5 and freddy 's Dead ) . dream child ( continue ; chant ) ... grab you crucifix .. ix .. ix .. the " ix " echoe away , become the faint " ka ka ka " we all recognize as Jason 's theme . Meagan turn to find that the child in the yard have vanish . it 's nighttime . the tree be dead , the grass be go , and the horizon stretch off into utter nothingness . Meagan turn back to the little girl . but the little girl have go . only the tricycle remain . it circle once , the front door creak open , and the empty tricycle pedal inside . Meagan follow it into the ... int . house on elm STREET - continuous action Meagan enter the house slowly , watch as the tri- cycle ride off down a creepy hallway and disappear . then the front door blow shut behind Meagan . she try to open it -- lock . then faint voice cause Meagan to pause . she listen , try to make out the low murmur . then a little girl 's giggle . Meagan recognize it as she sister 's . meagan lizzy ? Meagan move up the stair , go down the hall ... follow the voice ( we recognize the other voice as belong to freddy ) . Meagan enter a door at the end of the hallway , move into ... int . liziy' room ( nightmare ) - continous action on the floor , near she bed , be Meagan 's thirteen year old sister -- lizzy . slow for she age , lizzy sit and draw with crayon . meagan lizzy . what be you do here ? lizzy play with my friend . Meagan look at the drawing -- childlike renderings of freddy . meagan you friend ? lizzy he life under the bed . Meagan slowly get to she knee and take a peek under lizzy 's bed . suddenly , a doll - size freddy scurries out from under the bed , flash past Meagan 's face and run out the door . Meagan yelp and touch she face -- five tiny slash mark on she cheek . lizzy cluck . lizzy ( continue ) you scared he ... Meagan look out the door , incredulous . meagan I scared he ? but when Meagan look back , lizzy be go . meagan ( continue ) lizzy ? lizzy echoe away as Meagan find herself stand in the ... int . nightmare chapel - continuous action the tiny freddy dash from the pews and jump into a casket at the altar , slamm the lid shut . Meagan go to the casket and carefully open the lid . Inside -- a rotting corpse with worm and maggot crawl all over it . Meagan scream and slam the lid back down . the casket start to move -- thump ! thump ! thump ! then it stop . tentatively , Meagan open the lid again . Inside -- freddy krueger . he grab she arm . freddy where ya be all my death , baby ? Meagan scream . freddy leap out of the casket in a tuxedo , croon : freddy ( continue ) I have be waitin ' at the altar for a long , long time ! Meagan look down -- she 's wear a wedding dress , spatter with blood . behind she , the chapel have fill with dozen of dead people in various stage of decay . a satanic priest appear in the pulpit and ask : satanic priest be the bridesmaid in attendance ? Meagan look to she leave -- four girl hold bouquet , dress in body bag . satanic priest ( continue ) and the groomsman ...? freddy open he tuxedo jacket to reveal several trap soul struggle to get out of he chest . satanic priest ( continue ) if anyone here believe that this two should not be join in unholy matrimony , let he speak now or forever rot in hell ... &gt ; from the back of the chapel , a voice : jesse Meagan ! Meagan turn . it 's she boyfriend -- jesse . he stand in the chapel doorway , backlit by bright light , arm outstretch . meagan jesse ! Meagan run to jesse and grab he , they arm encircle one another . she look up into jesse 's eye ... only it be not jesse . it 's Jason . Meagan scream as Jason raise he machete , bring it down between she eye ... transition CUT to : int . meagan be room - morning Meagan open a eye as she alarm clock buzy ... she be dream . she get up quickly and cross to she dresser . she look into the mirror , at the tiny cut on she cheek , and cluck . then she exit , go into ... int . liziy' room - continuous action Meagan open the door to she sister 's room , breathe a sigh of relief when she see lizzy curl up in bed with a doll . Meagan smile and start to exit when she notice something not quite right about the doll . she move closer and pull lizzy 's arm away to reveal a hideous little freddy doll . Meagan gasp . meagan freddy ... suddenly , the doll open it 's eye and sneer : freddy doll well it be not raggedy Ann , bitch ! the freddy doll flash it 's tiny glove of knife , thrust they deep into Meagan 's chest . hard CUT to : int . meagan be room - morning ( for real ) Meagan sit up suddenly in bed , clutching she chest . she look down and see that there be nothing there . Meagan sigh and fall back in she bed -- just a bad dream . zzzzzzt ! -- she alarm clock buzy . Meagan sit up with a start again . her fright turn to rage as she pound the alarm clock into submission . Meagan climb out of bed ... int . liziy' room - morning Meagan enter and find lizzy still asleep , clutching she raggedy Ann doll . she gently pries the doll away , toss it disdainfully away . Meagan pick up a small glass unicorn and playfully prance it around on lizzy 's head . meagan wake up , sleepy head . time to wake up . lizzy 's eye flutter open . she smile at she sister , then frown . lizzy I have a bad dream . meagan I , too . lizzy I be scared . meagan do not worry ... they can not hurt you . lizzy promise ? meagan promise . lizzy hug Meagan . meagan ( continue ) I will never let anyone hurt you . int . kitchen - morning close on a small television set on the kitchen table . a flashy graphic flash across the screen : am news special report -- cop V.S. the cult -- day 13 . a news reporter stand in front a police blockade . in the background , dozen of police and s.w.a.t. men surround a small run-down , two -story house ... freddy 's house . news reporter ( filter ) as the sun rise on yet another morning , still no end in sight for the standoff between police and the mysterious group know only as the " freddy " cult who seize the abandon house behind I just thirteen day ago . this cultist -- mostly run - away teenager -- have manage to keep police at bay for almost two week while inside they take mind - alter narcotic in order to communicate with they god -- freddy . the reporter babbles on as Meagan enter the kitchen where meagan' mom be sit watch the tv , gulp down orange juice . across from mom be meagan' dad , who be have coffee , read the paper . Meagan pour herself a cup and sit . meagan Morning . Meagan 's mom grunt , transfix on the news . dad look over he paper long enough to smile and say , just a little too cheerfully : meagan' dad Morning , Meagan . Meagan look over at she mother , then back at she father , mouth the word " how 's mom ? " , when suddenly Meagan 's mom bellow : meagan' mom ( call upstairs ) lizzy ! get down here ! Breakfast be almost ready ! Meagan turn back to she dad but he have duck back into he paper . Meagan sigh and sip she coffee . angle on tv -- a police book photo of fred krueger . news reporter allege child murderer Fred krueger be release on a legal technicality but later burn to death at the hand of a vigilante mob of grieve parent . some year later , a rash of bizarre and unexplainable teen - age death begin leave many in the area to wonder ... be freddy really dead ? Meagan 's young sister -- lizzy -- come down to breakfast . the microwave ding and Meagan 's mom pull out three pop tart , deal they out to she family like play card . lizzy pick up she pop tart , whining . meagan' mom hurry up and eat . you do not want to be late for special school . meagan Mom ! do not call it that ! lizzy I hate that school . the other kid be mean ... and they be all be - tard -ed ! Meagan snicker . meagan' mom we do not use that word . they be " special " child just like you be " special " . dad look over at mom , who shoot he a angry look . dad take a bite of he pop tart , sink back behind the paper . angle on tv -- news reporter the cult member have decline to a on-camera interview but do send out a note with a message . the note -- which , by the way , appear to have be write in blood -- read ... ( read the note ) to the parent of springwood -- freddy life ! soon he will come and take one of you child as he virgin bride . then freddy will - beep - and he - beep - upon she - beep - and - beep - and behold , a soulless child shall be bear . the vessel for freddy to rise and rule the darkness forever and ever . a horn toot outside . meagan that 's jesse . let 's go , lizzy . Meagan collect she book and she sister . this be dad 's cue to look at he watch and say : meagan' dad oh , look at the time ! I have get to be go ... anyone need I to bring anything home tonight ? meagan I need a alarm clock . meagan' dad what 's wrong with you old one ? meagan break . Meagan kiss she dad as she and lizzy hurry out the door . Meagan 's dad look over at he wife , who say : meagan' mom we be almost out of vodka . ext . meagan' house - morning - continuous action Meagan and lizzy climb into jesse 's car . jesse good morning ! hey , what 's the matter ? meagan my mom ... jesse and ...? meagan I have another dream last night ... jesse be I naked ? meagan no . you be Jason . jesse Jason ? oh , yeech ... ( then ) be I any good ? Meagan playfully smack he as jesse 's car roar off . int . kitchen - same time Meagan 's dad hesitates at the front door , clutching he key and briefcase as he muster the courage to say something . meagan' dad do you have to watch that crap all the time ? month and month of the O.J. Simpson trial , and now this ... Mom reach over and switch off the tv . dad smile slightly and exit . Mom wait until the door close , then take a bottle of vodka and pour a goodly bit into she orange juice . she take a deep drink and switch the set back on . close on tv as the news reporter interview captain renton murdoch -- State trooper . news reporter I be stand here with State trooper Captain Renton murdoch , the man the Governor have call in to deal with the cultist because of he past experience with occult - style murderer . in fact , trooper murdoch be the only law enforcement officer ever to survive a one - on - one encounter with notorious Camp Crystal Lake killer -- Jason voorhee . ( to murdoch ) you receive some pretty nasty injury in you battle with Jason , do not you , Captain ? murdoch nothing serious ... just a few stitches . news reporter what about this so call " freddy " cultist ? they seem like pretty tough customer . think you will have any trouble get they out of there ? murdoch no. now that the Governor have give I complete authority to deal with this punk I should be put a end to they situation pretty quick . unless of course they attorney be able to get they to come out peace - fully ... but I do not hold out much hope for that . news reporter ( to camera ) Captain Renton murdoch , lady and gentleman . a tough cop ... for tough criminal . CUT to : ext . " freddy " cult compound - moment later murdoch get into the command car , sit down next to the s.w.a.t. commander sit behind the wheel . murdoch damn media ... oughtta be a law . ( gesture to house ) be that shyster still in there try to talk they out ? s.w.a.t. commander yeah ... he 's make they some kind of deal . murdoch damn lawyer ... what a bunch of asshole . Shakespeare be right -- kill all the lawyer . then we could kill all the punk with no hassle and the world would be a safer place . s.w.a.t. commander smaller anyway . murdoch ahhhhh ... what do Shakespeare know ? long-haire , English freak . he be probably a punk . int . cult compound - same time meanwhile , inside the house ... the cult 's sleazy lawyer be sit on a crate in the middle of a dark room . he be surround by cultist -- heavily - armed teenage punk in red and olive sweater and fedoras ala freddy . they stare out at he through sunglass with red flash diode that barely hide they burn and disfigure face . the lawyer shift uncomfortably on the crate as he take a deep snort from inside he briefcase hold neatly on he lap . then he lift he head , wiping he nose nervously as he speak : sleazy lawyer so , as I explain to you before , the revenue between the tv movie deal and the book sale should be adequate to fund you joint- defense . and I think with my mass media hypnosis argument I could get each of you a reduce sentence on appeal -- say ... twenty year each . out in fifteen with good behavior ? hmmmmm ? hard CUT to : ext . cult compound - moment later the lawyer 's disembody head come sailing out of a upstairs window , smack into the command car 's windshield with a loud splat ! s.w.a.t. commander Jesus Christ ! murdoch curse and leap out of the car , charge the house as he blast away with two nickel - plate .45 . suddenly gunfire erupt from every window in the house , bullet hit riddling the cop car , smashing window and emergency light . the s.w.a.t. team follow murdoch through the hail of gunfire as he kick open the front door . int . cult compound - next instant whack ! -- the door fly open and murdoch and the s.w.a.t. team move in . the window have be cover with foil , the wall have be paint black with cult slogan write in red , make the whole house black as pitch . the s.w.a.t. team put on they night vision goggle and start move through the house . p.o.v. through night vision goggle as the s.w.a.t. team go through the house shoot cultist ( ala the computer game doom ) . then a blind flash of light and a s.w.a.t. guy go down -- shot in the face . several of the cultist lead the attack s.w.a.t. team deeper into the house . as one of the s.w.a.t. guy follow he foot trip a wire . a trap door open in the floor and the s.w.a.t. guy fall into a pit , waist deep in water . suddenly , the water start churn and the guy start scream -- it 's a tank of piranhas ! two other s.w.a.t. guy grab he arm and pull he out . too late -- he leg have be shred to the bone . another s.w.a.t. guy kick in a door to a room and step in , firing he machine gun . a large scythe swing down and sever both he arm at the elbow . his arm fall to the floor , still firing the machine gun . the cultist race into a room , grab handrail bolt over head . they swing like monkey across the ceiling just as a s.w.a.t. guy charge into the room behind they . close on s.w.a.t. guy boot as he step onto a floor cover with upturn nail . several nail puncture both boot , the point come up through the lace . the s.w.a.t. guy scream and another s.w.a.t. guy barrel into the room to see what be wrong . he knock the first guy face - first into the floor o' nail . meanwhile , murdoch be have a blast -- literally . he kick open the door to a room and gun down three cultist as they try to escape out a window . as the last body pitch to the floor , murdoch yell : murdoch freeze ! murdoch exit , laugh to himself . the run gunbattle continue as the cultist retreat to the back of the house , throw molotov cocktail . soon the first floor be ablaze . a s.w.a.t. guy scream as he be consume by FIRE . the cultist thunder down a back staircase to the ... int . the basement - continuous action the cultist uncover a secret passageway under the house and most escape through the underground tunnel just before the s.w.a.t. team come blasting into the basement . as the last of the remain cultist be cap off , a faint voice cry for help . the s.w.a.t. commander raise up he hand . s.w.a.t. commander hold you fire ! he pull off he night vision goggle and shine he flashlight into the basement . through the dense smoke he see a little girl in a white dress be tie to a chair sit on a crate . underneath the chair -- several stick of dynamite wire to a timer . close on the timer : 30 ... 29 ... 28 ... little girl hostage help I , mister ... please . the s.w.a.t. commander rush to the girl , kneel down to look at the bomb . then he take a leatherman tool from he vest and start to work on the bomb 's timer . s.w.a.t. commander hang on , honey ... I will have you out of there in a second . murdoch come down the stair . he go to the secret passageway and say : murdoch look like we will have to hunt the rest of they down . let 's go before they get too far . s.w.a.t. commander we can not leave ! can not you see we have get a situation here ? murdoch look at the little girl and shrug . murdoch leave she . s.w.a.t. commander you be crazy ! I can not just leave she ! murdoch forget it . I have see this before . there 's nothing you can do . s.w.a.t. commander I have get to try ... the s.w.a.t. commander wipe he brow and lean in to work on the bomb again . close on timer : 24 ... 23 ... 22 ... the basement ceiling be now fully ablaze and chunks of burning debris fall around the skittish s.w.a.t. team . murdoch look at he watch in a bored fashion . murdoch you be waste you time . the s.w.a.t. commander study the wire for another second , then glance back at the timer ... 15 ... 14 ... 13 ... s.w.a.t. commander fuck it ! the s.w.a.t. commander whip out he spyderco knife and cut the little girl loose . he carry she out in he arm as he shout to he man : s.w.a.t. commander ( continue ; yell ) clear out ! she' goin ' blow !!! the s.w.a.t. team exit the basement with murdoch bring up the rear . ext . cult compound - next instant the s.w.a.t. commander stagger out with the little girl , follow closely with the remainder of he man and finally murdoch . the commander throw himself to the ground , cover the little girl with he body as -- BA -boom !!! -- the elm Street house explode ! murdoch stand as debris rain down around he . he mutter : murdoch punk . as the dust settles , the s.w.a.t. commander roll off the little girl and start check she for injury . s.w.a.t. commander be you okay , honey ? suddenly , the little girl jump onto the s.w.a.t. commander , flash a glove of knife . she hiss : little girl hostage freddy life ! with a quick swing , the little girl slashes the commander 's face . she dive back for a plunge to he throat when murdoch walk up and kick she off . he put he boot on she , hold she down as he take aim on she head with he pistol -- execution style . s.w.a.t. commander no ! the s.w.a.t. commander grab murdoch 's arm just in time . several cop rush in and grab the girl , drag she off , kick and scream . s.w.a.t. commander ( continue ) Jesus ... you be go to kill that kid , be not you ? murdoch I tell you you be waste you time . once this kid go rabid , best thing to do be put them down . s.w.a.t. commander you can not be serious ... murdoch Dead serious . see ... the world be make up of rule . kid do not like rule . they rebel for a while , but ultimately they start to fall in line and become ordinary Joe 's like you and I . but some kid ... dope smoker mainly , watch they MTV ... satanic lyric melting what 's leave of they brain ... this kid grow up to be punk . and when this punk step as far over the line as this " freddy " punk have -- then we as peace officer have no choice but to kill they . s.w.a.t. commander I do not become a peace officer to kill kid . murdoch punk . there 's a difference ... ( under he breath ) ... barely . CUT to : int . high school - day close on graffiti write across locker -- freddy live ! we move from this to a small classroom window . through it we see Meagan sit in economics class . the instructor -- miss krepp -- be lecture . miss krepp ( blah -blah . blah -blah-blah . ) it 's hot . several of the kid fan themselves , struggle to stay awake while other have already pass out on they desk . Meagan 's eye be heavy . she look over at jesse , pretend to follow along in he book , fast asleep . the antique oscillate fan on miss krepp ' desk click loudly as she drone on : miss krepp ( continue ) ( blah -blah -blah . blah -blah . ) Meagan start to drift off , when ... miss krepp ( continue ; loud ) Meagan !? meagan yes , mar 'am ? miss krepp I ask if you be ready to give you oral report ? meagan yes ... I be ready . miss krepp please come up here to the podium . Meagan get up and go to the podium amidst the snicker of some of she classmate . miss krepp snap she finger for quiet . miss krepp ( continue ) you will not think it 's funny when you have not learn the fundamentals of a free market economy ... oh , why do I waste my breath ? you be all go to grow up to be gas station attendant and waitress anyway . go ahead , Meagan . meagan my report be on Global economic trends . ( clear throat ; begin read ) try and think of a world where there be no poverty ... no sickness ... no crime . a world where everyone be happy to be alive and everyone life together in peace . this be my dream . the fan on miss krepp ' desk start to click louder , blowing harder . Meagan raise a eyebrow but continue with she report . meagan ( continue ) this dream be become a reality with ever- grow international business ... close on the fan as it change ... get creepier ... turn into a freddy -fan . blowing harder ... clicking louder . miss krepp louder , Meagan . we can not hear you . Meagan repeat the last few sentence , raise she voice to be hear over the fan . then page of she report start to blow away . she grab at they as the wind increase . a bottle of glue stow in the podium overturn and spill to the floor at Meagan 's foot . she bend over to pick it up , when she skirt blow up . she press it down but the wind be too great and the skirt billow up , revealing she underwear . the class roar with laughter . miss krepp ( continue ) louder , Meagan ... we still can not hear you . but Meagan be not read she report anymore , she 's busy try to push down she skirt when -- rip ! -- the wind blow she skirt off . her classmate fall over themselves , laugh . rip ! -- Meagan 's blouse blow away . she try to hide behind the podium when that too be sweep off . Meagan clutches at she bra and panty as they start to drift away -- thread by thread . she be almost naked . Meagan look up at she classmate , red in the face . her classmate point and laugh -- only now they be all a bunch of old rotten skeleton . and up front , in the center where miss krepp sit ... be freddy ! he wear a beanie with a propeller , point and laugh : freddy aww ... all dress up and nowhere to blow ! Meagan scream , clutching at the last few tiny strand of cloth that cover she body . she call to jesse , plead : meagan jesse ... please , help I . but jesse just sit at he desk -- dead . he reach up and slowly lower a hockey mask over he pale , expressionless face . freddy look like a photo opportunity to I ! freddy pull out a over-size camera with a gargantuan flashgun attach . the flash bulb be the size of a beach ball and have a nuclear warning etched in the front . freddy size Meagan up in the viewfinder and sneer : freddy ( continue ) say ... cheesecake ! phoomph !!! -- the flash bulb go off with a atomic light . Meagan scream as she skeleton be blow back against the blackboard -- vaporize ! hard CUT to : Meagan waking up in she seat suddenly . the classroom as normal . miss krepp be stand over she , ask : miss krepp Meagan ? Meagan ?! Meagan look around , bewilder and confuse . miss krepp ( continue ) I ask if you be ready to give you report ? Meagan realize that she be dream and pull herself together . meagan sure ... Meagan stand up and faint . dissolve to : int . school nurse's office - minute later meagan be p.o.v as the school nurse come into focus , stand over she . school nurse Meagan ? can you hear I ? do you know where you be ? Meagan be lay on a couch , a cloth over she head . meagan I be day dream and then I wake up but then it be like I be still dream and then I wake up and then I guess I faint and now I be awake again ... school nurse be you sure ? Meagan stare at the nurse for a moment . school nurse ( continue ) Meagan ? meagan I be wait to see if you be go to turn into freddy . school nurse freddy ... I see . you have be watch too much CNN . that crazy " freddy " cult thing -- it 's all over the tv day and night -- you can not get away from it . no wonder you kid be all have nightmare . meagan but this one be different ... it feel real . school nurse but that 's just it , Meagan ... dream be not real . they be just break fragment of the subconscious mind . meagan fear be real though , be not it ? and if nightmare be fear , then do not that make they real ?! ( get excited ) and if the nightmare be real then be reality like a dream ?! school nurse ( cut she off ) Meagan ! you have get heat prostration ... that 's all . the nurse slap a wet towel over she face . int . school hallway - moment later jesse be wait for Meagan as she emerge from the nurse 's office , mutter under she breath : meagan Old witch ... what do she know ? she be not even qualified to give a shot and she 's tell I that my dream be not anything to worry about . jesse so she say you be okay ? meagan oh , sure ... Madame curie in there say it 's just a case of heat pro - stration and a overdose of tv news . ruine my makeup , too . jesse so you be go back to class ? meagan no . she give I last period off . jesse well , what be you bitching about ? I could have a compound fracture of the skull and she would not excuse I from p.e. meagan jesse ! I have be have nightmare for almost two week now and they keep get worse ! now I be have daymare ! I want to know why ! jesse okay ... well , do not the nurse say it be heat probation ? Meagan roll she eye in frustration . meagan you do not understand ... I want to know more about dream . what they mean ... why we have they . jesse okay , meg , go look it up . you have get the rest of the day off , that 's all I be say . meagan that 's a good idea . why do not you cut last period and come with I ? jesse sure . where be we go ? meagan the library . jesse you want I to cut school so we can go to the library ? CUT to : int . library - afternoon Meagan pour through a big psychology book . across the table , jesse peer into another psychology book . meagan find anything ? jesse look up suddenly . jesse what ? oh , no ... nothing yet . over jesse 's shoulder we see he have a copy of road &amp ; track tuck inside he psychology book . meagan do you know that we sub-conscious retain everything that ever happen to we ? everything . from the time we be bear until we die . jesse really ? meagan that 's how freddy get at we ... by use we sub-conscious fear . fear we conscious mind have repress or forget . jesse I have get a news flash for you ... freddy 's dead . meagan I be not so sure ... if freddy exist in we sub-conscious then he can never be fully erase . like a bad memory ... you may blot it out of you mind but it will alway be hide someplace in you dream . ( off jesse 's disbely stare ) be not you scared as a child by something so stupid that you be ashamed to admit it ? jesse no . meagan no ? jesse well , yeah . meagan well , what ? what be it ? jesse well ... when I be kid , my brother take I to the carnival . and in the penny arcade there be this robot gunslinger ... meagan Black Bart . jesse you know about Black Bart ? meagan duh . you put you quarter in and he say , " go ahead and draw , tenderfoot . " and then you pull you gun out and shoot he . jesse that 's just it -- I never could ! I would point the gun right at he and shoot , and I could never hit the guy . so I always get kill . meagan no one can hit he -- it 's a gyp . jesse scare the shit out of I . Meagan try to hide she smile . jesse ( continue ; flustered ) be not that scary ? I mean ... for a kid ? Meagan laugh . somebody shush she . jesse ( continue ; mad ) okay , smartass ... what about you ? what scared you the most as a kid ? a dark mood fall over Meagan as she mind wind back . meagan I remember ... lizzy wander off one day and we could not find she . the police come and everything . I be not really worried until I see she picture on tv ... then I get really scared . ( then ) jesse , I can not explain it ... but I think something bad 's go to happen . dissolve to : ext . special school - afternoon lizzy sit on the step of she school , clutching she book and raggedy Ann doll ... wait . behind she , wear a protective helmet , another learn disabled kid - leonard - taunt she . leonard you be stupid ! lizzy no , you be ! leonard they forget you again ! lizzy no , they do not ! leonard yes , they forget and you be goin ' to wait out here until it 's dark and then the monster be goin ' come and get you ! lizzy no they will not , because I be walkin ' home ! lizzy get to she foot and start walk . Leonard call after she : leonard come back , lizzy ! you can wait with I ! I get forget too , you know ! lizzy keep go , march across the desert school yard . Leonard turn to go inside the school when he bump into a pass cultist . the cultist push he down as he follow after lizzy . leonard ( continue ) okay ... I be go to have to report this ! lizzy walk briskly along when she get the feel she 's be follow . she turn and see a cultist stand behind a tree several dozen yard behind she . lizzy turn away and quicken she pace but when she glance back , the figure be still stand ... but closer . scare , lizzy turn and run , drop she book as she flee down the sidewalk . as she come to the street , a big black hearse suddenly pull up in front of she , the door swinging open wide . burn arm reach out to grab lizzy . she scream . the cultist grab lizzy , pull she into the car as it roar off down the street . close on raggedy ann -- lay in the gutter . CUT to : ext . meagan' house - afternoon jesse 's car pull up to a sea of police car park in front of Meagan 's house . Meagan get out of the car and rush inside . int . meagan' house - continuous action cop be everywhere as Meagan burst into the house , call for she family . jesse enter behind she when Meagan 's dad come up , ask : meagan' dad do not you get my message ? meagan what message ? meagan' dad I call the school after lunch ... I have to stay late after work ... I ... Meagan 's mother bellow from the live room where she be talk to a policeman take note . she be drunk and have be cry . meagan' mom do not you dare blame this on she , you sorry bastard ! it 's all you fault ! ( to Meagan ) where have you be anyway ? meagan the library . meagan' mom a likely goddamn story ! Meagan 's mom break down sobbing . meagan dad ... what 's wrong ? what 's happen ? where 's lizzy ? meagan' dad she do not come home from school today . the police get a report that a girl fitting lizzy 's description be force into a car by some crazy . they be pretty sure it be this " freddy " cult . meagan ( shocked ) oh , my God ... Meagan 's dad put he arm around Meagan and try to comfort she . meagan' dad now do not worry . the police be do everything they can . Meagan look over and see murdoch talk to he man when a voice from upstairs call down : trooper ( o.s. ) hey , cap and ... better have a look up here ! int . liziy' room - next second as murdoch enter , he spot lizzy 's night table and the small glass menagerie there . murdoch pick up the unicorn and admire it when a trooper draw he attention to the floor next to the bed . laying there be several childlike drawing of freddy , include one that have " freddy live " scrawle across the top . Meagan enter and see the drawing . she gasp . trooper look like she be in the cult all along . meagan no ... no , she would not do that ! lizzy would not join freddy 's cult ! trooper I know it 's hard to believe , miss . but a lot of good kid get catch up in this kind of trouble . murdoch stare at the drawing , he jaw muscle tightening . he clenches he fist , pulverize the little unicorn . murdoch punk ... murdoch drop the break piece of the unicorn on the table as he exit the room , brush past Meagan . int . meagan' house - moment later Meagan 's dad follow murdoch to the door , ask : meagan' dad Captain murdoch ... be there any - thing we can do ? murdoch you can pray , sir . pray we find you daughter before ... well , before it 's too late . but rest assure , if I can not persuade she to come back to she loving home , then I will do what 's best for she . I know you and you wife would not want she to suffer . ( to he man ) come on ... I want to go talk to erwin . murdoch and he man say " good - bye " and quickly exit . ext . meagan' house - moment later as the last of the cop drive away , Meagan pull jesse out of the house . jesse where be we go ? meagan over to stormie 's . jesse stormie ? I think you and she be not friend anymore since she steal that twenty dollar from you . meagan that be she " klepto " phase ... when she be dating that gang member . she dumped he a long time ago . jesse I still do not understand . what have she get to do with lizzy miss ? meagan she use to be in the freddy cult . maybe she know where they take lizzy . they exit to jesse 's car . CUT to : int . stormie' room - afternoon Meagan 's high -strung best friend -- stormie -- be blurt out at a mile - a- minute : stormie if I do know I would call the police , you know that . I love lizzy . no tell what that freak will do to she . that freddy cult guy be hard core . jesse I think you be in the cult ? stormie I be in the cult for a week cause my boyfriend at the time ... slasher , he be . but I just like the music and the clothes ... when they be clean , but not like the violence and stuff . but that be just my " cult " phase ... but I get past that . you know , just like my " gang " phase when I be dating Ramon and then before that be my " death rock " phase when I be dating Stuart ... jesse uh , excuse I ... but what phase be we in now ? stormie militant feminist , man-hate phase , what 's it fuckin ' to ya ?! jesse ( to Meagan ) why do not you just let the cop find she ? that guy Renton murdoch -- he know how to deal with this cultist psychos . he be the man who get Jason voorhee . meagan that guy in my dream ... stormie Jason kick he ass . quick CUT to : ext . camp crystal lake - some year ago - night jesse narrate a short , fuzzy , silent flashback as young - look Renton murdoch be blasting away at Jason in panic . jesse ( v.o. ) well ... yeah . but murdoch put thirteen bullet in Jason before he hack he head open . Jason cleave murdoch 's head with a machete . murdoch stagger back , raise he pistol . jesse ( v.o. , continue ) but even with he head hack open and he brain leak out , murdoch still manage to put he last bullet in Jason 's eye . murdoch fire , the bullet smacking Jason in the eye . thick blood run down the hockey mask as murdoch 's body hit the ground . int . hospital room - murdoch lay in a bed , he head cover in bandage . tube and hose run everywhere to all sort of medical contraption . stormie ( v.o. ) well , one of my mom 's boyfriend work at the hospital where they take he . he say that murdoch lose more than half he brain and what little that be leave be all twisted up inside . and they have to replace he skull with a metal plate to keep that from leak out . in a series of quick cut we move in close on murdoch 's eye -- dark and menace -- stare out at we . stormie ( v.o. , continue ) they say he have not be the same since . CUT back to : int . stormie' room - continuous action jesse so what 's different about he ? stormie one thing ... he use to be a Democrat . now he vote straight Republican . meagan I think he think lizzy join the cult or something . stormie oh , my God ... he will kill she . meagan I have get to find lizzy myself . I have get to find she and save she from freddy before that crazy cop kill she . jesse just where be you go to look ? I mean , this cult guy could be hold she anywhere . meagan murdoch say something about go to talk to somebody name erwin . stormie erwin kelper ! he use to be in the freddy cult ! I bet he know where they take lizzy ! jesse not squirmin ' erwin -- that freak that use to eat bug ? stormie ( annoyed ) who else ? ( to Meagan ; bright ) erwin be scary smart -- always bring home " a " 's -- but he be kinda fuck up , too ... I mean , who be not really ? anyway , he quit the cult a few month back and the cop put he away for he own safety . they say freddy 's put a death hex on erwin . jesse a death hex ? stormie yes , a death hex . you know ... where someone want you dead ! meagan where be he ? CUT to : ext . springwood mental CENTER - afternoon jesse , Meagan , and stormie pull past the large sign and into the parking lot . as jesse put the car in park , Meagan turn to he and say : meagan I want you to stay here . jesse why ? meagan do not be mad ... it 's just that you might scare he . jesse scare he ? stormie what she 's subtly try to tell you be that this need a woman 's gentle touch ... butthead . meagan just stay here ... okay ? jesse grudgingly agree . Meagan kiss jesse on the cheek . stormie stick she tongue out at he , then turn as she and Meagan walk toward the main entrance . int . springwood mental CENTER - moment later the cry of the insane echo through the building as the security guard escort Meagan and stormie down a row of cell door . he stop at one , tapping lightly on the glass . security guard yo , erwin ... you have get a couple of visitor . now be a good boy ... ( to Meagan &amp ; stormie ) you have get five minute . I will be right down the hall if you need I . the guard exit . Meagan and stormie peer through the thick window -- erwin 's padded cell appear vacant . they exchange anxious look , then Meagan press a little closer to the glass . meagan erwin ...? splat ! -- erwin suddenly press he horribly burn face to the glass as he scream : erwin show I you arm ! you arm ! Meagan and stormie jump back , startle . then they quickly bare they arm , turn they over for erwin 's inspection . erwin ( continue ) where do you shoot ? meagan shoot ? stormie he 's talk about dream dope -- the stuff the cultist shoot up with so they can talk to freddy . meagan I do not do drug . erwin you be not in the cult ? meagan no . erwin do not freddy send you to kill I ? meagan / stormie no . erwin I do not trust you ... better take off you clothes so I can check you for track . stormie chill , erwin . we be here for some hard data -- not a floppy disk . erwin flop the arm of he straight jacket , gesture to the inside of he cell -- empty except for a small mattress . erwin well , what do you want ? can not you see I be busy ? meagan freddy 's cult kidnap my sister . stormie I tell she you might know where they take she . erwin I already tell the cop everything I know . meagan tell I ... please . erwin look ... I be sorry about you sister , but I have get my own problem with freddy . I be a mark man , you know . meagan then tell I why they take she ... erwin to bear he child . freddy want to be human again . in order to do that he have to be " reborn " . meagan how can he do that ? erwin he have to marry a virgin on holy ground . then the cult consumate the marriage by impregnate she . stormie the whole cult ? yeech ! erwin freddy 's the son of a hundred maniac . it 's sort of a tradition with he . meagan so the cult get lizzy pregnant ? erwin and freddy enter the soul of the fetus through a dream state . voila ! rebirth . there be a moment as the girl take this in , then : stormie that 's the stupidest shit I ever hear . erwin hey , they be not my rule ... some - body else write them . meagan erwin ... you have get to help I find lizzy . you be my only hope . erwin think about this for a second , then : erwin I will help you find you sister , but you have get to help I . meagan anything . just name it . erwin you have to help I kill freddy . Meagan and stormie exchange look . stormie but freddy 's dead . erwin freddy life ... ( look at Meagan ) if only in we dream . stormie grab Meagan by the arm and start to pull she away . stormie come on , Meagan ... we five minute be up . he 's give I the creep . but Meagan stay put and ask erwin : meagan how can you kill a dream ? erwin when it 's not a dream . ( then ) do we have a deal ? erwin press he palm against the glass . Meagan think a moment , then put she hand against the glass over he . meagan deal . CUT to : ext . STREET corner - afternoon - a short time later Meagan , jesse , and stormie be stand in front of a pay phone , argue . jesse no ! I will not do it ! meagan come on , jesse ! please ...? jesse it 's illegal ! I could go to jail ! stormie how will they ever know ? do not be such a pussy ! jesse oh , yeah ? why do not you call then ? stormie okay , I will ! meagan no ! they will never believe she ! stormie I can disguise my voice ... ( lower voice ) hello , how do you do ? my name be jesse . I think I be a man but I be actually a wimp . meagan they will never believe that . come on , jesse ... for I ? jesse okay ... okay ... I will do it . ( to stormie ) and I be not a wimp ! jesse sigh and step into the phone booth . after a moment 's hesitation , jesse step out and immediately both girl blurt out ten reason why he should make the call . jesse call for quiet and as soon as both girl shut up , he say : jesse ( continue ) I need a quarter for the phone . Meagan fish out a quarter and hand it to he . jesse re-enter the booth . angle in phone booth as jesse dial a number . int . springwood mental CENTER - next instant the security guard pick up he phone as it ring . security guard springwood mental Center ... how can I help you ? jesse ( filter ; disguise he voice ) there 's a bomb plant in you building . security guard who be this ? jesse if I be you -- I would get my ass out of there . in the background , we hear Meagan and stormie whisper something to jesse . jesse ( continue ; add ) oh , yeah ... freddy live . click ! -- the guard 's eye grow wide . ext . springwood mental CENTER - afternoon - second later the peaceful quiet of the asylum be shattered by a fire alarm . soon all the inmate start filing out into the yard , loosely herde by the guard . erwin file out with the other , still wear he straight jacket . erwin look over at the parking lot -- jesse 's car flash it 's light . erwin start to casually wander off towards the fence between himself and freedom when the security guard spot he and say : security guard hey , erwin ... where do you think you be go ? erwin ignore he , still move towards the fence . security guard ( continue ) I be talk to you , asshole ! erwin break into a run . the guard take off after he . in the car , jesse , Meagan , and stormie watch as the guard close the distance . jesse he 's not go to make it . meagan we have get to do something ! with grim determination , jesse start he car . jesse 's car tear out of the parking lot , racing for the fence . with a loud , metallic ching , jesse 's car drive into the fence , knock that section down . erwin dance over the down chain -link , diving into a open window . then , with a squeal of tire and the rending of metal , jesse 's car back out of the fence , do a 180 , and peel off . angle inside car as stormie and Meagan help erwin out of he straight jacket . once freed , erwin extend he hand to jesse . erwin hi , my name 's erwin . thanks for busting I out of there ! jesse look at erwin 's outstretch hand -- the fingertip be all heavily bandage . jesse yeah , right ... look , erwin , just do I one favor -- do not eat nothing disgusting . my stomach be tight enough as it be . the security guard run up to the fence , huffing and puffing , watch as jesse 's car disappear down the street . then he spot something in the fence and pluck it out ... jesse 's front license plate . CUT to : int . abandoned boiler room - dusk close on lizzy , scream and cry as the cultist close in around she . they rip she sleeve off and inject she with a syringe . after a moment , lizzy start to settle down ... fall asleep ... the cultist lift lizzy up over they head and carry she towards the big boiler . Inside -- a raging inferno . liziy' dream state p.o.v. -- as the cultist reach the boiler , it split open in the middle like a giant gate . the two halve swing open wide to reveal ... int . hell - night - continuous action a narrow rocky ledge extend out to a mausoleum atop a tall , narrow mountain . on either side of the ledge be a sheer drop to the bleak landscape below -- river of hot molten lava stretch out for mile , fill with lost soul drowning and burning . hundred upon hundred of voice be scream and moaning -- a terrible chorus of the damned . the cultist carry lizzy across the rocky ledge to the mausoleum . the outside of this ancient structure be engrave with weird mural depict the evil of mankind . in the center -- a large iron gate that swing open as the cultist near . the cultist roll lizzy over in they arm , hold she tight as they push she face forward into the mirror . the glass give way like mercury , lizzy 's face disappear into the mirror . angle on the other side ( underwater ) -- lizzy 's face stare out into utter blackness . then , some - thing large and evil look swim up out of the darkness . clawe hand reach out and grab lizzy by the side of the face as the huge , monstrous head move forward -- evil lip parting -- tongue slithering out . the evil thing give lizzy a big , wet french kiss , lock it 's lip over hers . several slippery some - thing slither into she mouth . lizzy struggle , but the big evil thing be way too strong . finally , it release she and the cultist pull she back out . the cultist carry lizzy out of Hell and back into the ... int . abandoned boiler room - continuous action horribly burn hand slap lizzy back from she semi - conscious state . her eye grow wide with fear again as she open she mouth to scream . suddenly , she double over and vomit up into a tupperware a cultist thrust under she . Three evil-look eel slither forth from lizzy 's mouth -- the dream demon . ext . old power plant - dusk several shadow flee into the night as jesse 's car pull up next to a run-down building . int . abandoned boiler room - moment later erwin lead Meagan , jesse and stormie down into the old , burnt out boiler room . they work they way towards the back , to a large table and a collection of sofa and easy chair scattered about . erwin start sniff around , point out several use syringe lay scattered about the floor . erwin damn ! we must have just miss they ! Meagan spot lizzy 's shirt sleeve on the floor . meagan oh , my God -- she be here ! this be part of lizzy 's shirt ! it 's all tear ! ( grab erwin ) erwin ... we have get to find she ! erwin we be too late ! there 's no way ... except ... meagan except what ?! erwin we could go after freddy . meagan how ? erwin go to a boiler , bend down and reach way up underneath . after fishing around for a moment , he draw out a well - wear mutant ninja turtles lunch box . Inside -- a vile of liquid , several syringe , and several pair of cult shade . erwin we will inject ourselves with dream dope . it 's a mild narcotic that bring on a dreamlike state . Meagan think about this for a moment , then nod she approval . meagan okay ... let 's do it ! jesse Meagan ... we do not do drug ! I mean , what if one of we get hook or something ? ( whisper ) we could turn out like he ! jesse jerk a thumb toward erwin . erwin do not worry about it . we need you wide awake anyway . jesse what for ? erwin we be go to go under and try to find freddy . when we do , we will grab he and bring he here . then you kill he with this ... erwin hand jesse a old rusty revolver . jesse this rusty chunk of shit ? what good be this ? erwin it 's not the gun , it 's what 's in it -- silver bullet bless by a priest . jesse will that work ? erwin ( shrug ) should . but then ... jesse ( finish for he ) you do not make the rule ... yeah , yeah . meagan what should we do ? erwin have a seat over there and make yourselves comfortable . Roll up you sleeve and put this on ... erwin hand Meagan and stormie each a pair of the sunglass with flash red diode in each lens . stormie put hers on immediately and say : stormie oh , cool ! meagan what be they for ? erwin it 's how the cult keep in constant contact with freddy . the little light flash be a sustained occular input that cause you brain to resonate at approximately the same frequency at which the dream state be most likely to occur . all of this go over Meagan 's head . stormie shrug : stormie whatever ... ( to Meagan ; excited ) put them on -- they be really cool ! Meagan and stormie sit down in easy chair , roll up they sleeve . erwin come over and recline the chair , give each girl a injection . then erwin take a seat next to Meagan and inject himself . he let the syringe drop to the floor as he lower he glass . erwin it help to hold hand if you want to go together ... Meagan clasp hand with erwin and stormie . jesse watch with skepticism and concern . erwin usher a final warning : erwin ( continue ) and remember ... freddy know what scare you . then all three fall through they chair into ... int . dreamspace - continuous action Meagan , stormie , and erwin fall through dreamspace ( fantastic digital effect tunnel ) , still hold hand . the girl scream as erwin smile and yell : erwin what a rush , huh ?!! int . abandoned boiler room - same time jesse watch over Meagan , stormie , and erwin -- all asleep in they chair . int . nightmare boiler room - next moment Meagan , stormie , and erwin fall into a crazy night - mare boiler room ( visually reminiscent of the freddy picture ) with rusty catwalk , huge out - of- proportion fixture above and a sea of boil water below . as they get to they foot , Meagan hear lizzy 's voice : lizzy ( distant ) Meagan ... help I ... please ... Meagan enter a shaft , follow the sound when suddenly , the shaft close up behind she . stormie and erwin try to find the open again but can not . erwin freddy 's try to split we up ... int . abandoned boiler room - same time jesse be stand in front of a old , full length mirror , practice draw the pistol . he pull it and pretend to fire , blow imaginary smoke from the muzzle as he say : jesse okay , freddy ... there 's a new sheriff in dreamland now . int . nightmare boiler room - next moment stormie and erwin make they way through the creepy boiler room , call for Meagan . a strange shadow stalk they -- it 's freddy . he drop down in front of erwin and stormie . freddy look for some -body ? freddy open up he shirt to reveal a chest full of lose soul . in the center -- Meagan . stormie charge freddy , throw she arm around he as she scream to erwin : stormie I have get he ! wake we up ! wake we up ! but erwin be paralyze with fear . stormie ( continue ) do not just stand there ! wake we up ! freddy hmmmmm ... I feel like seafood tonight . suddenly , stormie 's arm have become huge lobster claw . she jerk away from freddy , but too late -- stormie start to change into a giant lobster - woman ! freddy smile -- now he 's wear a chef 's hat and apron . freddy ( continue ) stew on this , bitch ! freddy knock the lobster - woman over the side . she fall into the boil water far below -- ker-splash ! hard CUT to : int . abandoned boiler room - next instant stormie wake with a start , yell : stormie shoot he ! shoot he ! jesse spin , aim the pistol . but nothing be there . int . nightmare boiler room - same time freddy turn toward erwin . freddy well , well , well ... if it be not my ol ' pal , erwin . erwin stare wide - eye , freeze to the spot . freddy ( continue ) I have get something special in mind for you ... suddenly , erwin reach into he sleeve and pull out a pin . freddy gawk -- surprised . erwin prick he finger . hard CUT to : int . abandoned boiler room - next instant erwin wake with a start . stormie smack he . stormie you do not help I , you pussy ! I could have have he ! ( smack he some more ) you gutless ... spinless ... jelly fish ! jesse look over to where Meagan be still sleep . int . elm STREET - day ( dream ) Meagan come down the sidewalk , still follow lizzy 's voice ... lizzy ( v.o. ) Meagan ... help I ... Meagan ... it lead she to she house . Meagan enter the front door . int . meagan' house - continuous action Meagan see she father be sit at the kitchen table , read he paper . the headline read : freddy live ! meagan daddy ? he look up and quietly shush she . meagan' dad shuuuuu ! I be try to be invisible ... and with that , Meagan 's dad disappear . only the newspaper remain . then Meagan hear lizzy 's voice again ... upstairs . as she come down the upstairs hallway , Meagan pass she mother 's room . the door be open a crack . Meagan look in and see she mother put a empty bottle to she lip . the bottle suck the life out of Meagan 's mom , who shrivel up into a ugly ol ' prune face . Meagan start to help she mother when lizzy 's cry for help draw she to ... int . liziy' room - continuous action Meagan enter . she see lizzy on she bed , under the cover . lizzy help I ... Meagan pull back the cover to reveal that lizzy be pregnant , she naked , swollen stomach protrude from she night gown . something inside be try to push it 's way out . lizzy ( continue ) Meagan ... lizzy scream . Meagan move to help she sister when freddy 's glove burst out of lizzy 's stomach , stabbing Meagan in the chest . hard CUT to : int . abandoned boiler room - continuous action Meagan wake up suddenly . she look up at stormie , erwin , and jesse stand over she . stormie be you okay ? they help Meagan to she foot . meagan ( shaky ) he get away ... I have he and he get away . oh , God ... lizzy ... I lose she ... erwin well , atleast you be not dead . meagan no ... I be not dead ... ( realize ) no ... I be not . but freddy kill I ! stormie he kill I , too . but look ... stormie raise she shirt up to show Meagan she be unharme . erwin sneak a look and stormie smack he . Meagan get to she foot , ask : meagan now that I think about it -- he 's kill I in all my nightmare . but I be not dead ... what do it mean ? erwin it mean we have still get some time leave . until he remain be host to the dream demon -- freddy can not hurt we . jesse hello . the dream demon ...? erwin freddy make a pact with Satan when he die ... so Satan bestow upon he the dream demon . they be the source of freddy 's power to manipulate we physical reality . without they ... he 's powerless -- nothing more than a bad dream . ( off jesse 's cynical look ) hey , like I say ... I do not make the rule . meagan but we have still get a chance , right ? a chance to kill freddy before he get back he power ? erwin we already try that . there 's no way for we to kill freddy . he 's too clever . he know how to get to we . meagan then let 's get somebody else . some - body strong . stormie yeah ! we could hire somebody to kill freddy -- like a hit man ! erwin you would have to hire a thousand of they ... or one really big guy who be not afraid of anything . no fear . nada . then you get a shot . jesse where be you go to find a hit man ? the yellow page ? in you dream ... jesse 's last three word strike Meagan like a thunder - bolt and she stammer out a name : meagan Jason ... jesse Jason ? meagan Jason voorhee ... erwin ( brighten ) Jason voorhee ... that 's brilliant ! the perfect dream warrior ... no fear . stormie sound like we man ! jesse uh ... excuse I , Einstein ... but be not Jason voorhee dead ? erwin seriously dead . buried up by Crystal Lake somewhere . but do not worry , I know how to bring he back to life . jesse somehow I just know you would . erwin but that 's not the problem . the problem be control . once we bring Jason back from the dead ... I be not one hundred percent sure he will do what we tell he . stormie well , that 's okay ... as long as he do not chop we all up . erwin roll he eye around -- uncertain . meagan erwin ... I be trust you on this , so tell I the truth . do you think if we do this -- if we go and get Jason and bring he back to life , that he could kill freddy ? erwin no doubt about . Jason could wreck freddy on this side of the dreamline . but if freddy have home court advan - tage ... I do not know . too close to call . the trick would be to get Jason to enter a dream state , grab freddy , and drag he out to we reality . meagan I have not get a choice . I have get to try something ... ( turn to stormie &amp ; jesse ) I can not ask either of you to help I do this ... it 's illegal , immoral , disgusting ... stormie hey , we sister have to stand together , right ? where you lead -- I will follow . Count I in . Meagan embrace stormie , then all three turn to jesse . he look they over and sigh : jesse let I get this straight ... we be go to go dig one dead maniac up to fight another dead maniac ? erwin that 's about the size of it ... and I would be do you a disservice if I say there be not a modicum of risk involved . jesse Meagan ... I do not want to do this ... meagan you do not have to , jesse ... it 's not you fight . I understand . jesse but I damn sure do not want you to do it without I . Count I in . Meagan hug jesse . erwin try to hug stormie but she push he away . erwin look out freddy ... here we come . CUT to : ext . springwood auto yard - night in he shack , listen to a small portable radio , be the night watchman . his small dog suddenly perk up she ear and growls low . the watchman turn down the radio . night watchman what 's matter , girl ... you hear something ' ? then the old man hear it , too ... a low rumble . move closer . the night watchman step out of he shack and squint into the darkness when a line of several hearse approach . the lead hearse pull up to the shack and the driver 's window roll down . night watchman ( continue ) what 's this ? a funeral procession ? a freddy cultist stick he face out of the window and say : cultist that 's exactly what it be . night watchman ( suspicious ) yeah ? whose ? cultist your . bang ! -- the cultist shoot the old man right through the head . the night watchman fall to the ground with a lifeless thud . the little dog start barking ferociously when another shot silence she as well . another cultist leap out of the hearse and run to the gate , cut the chain with a pair of bolt cutter . he swing the gate open and the funeral procession proceed inside . int . springwood auto yard - a short time later the cultist be stand around a small pit that two cultist be carefully excavate in the center of the wreck yard . Inside the pit , the uncover remain of freddy krueger -- nothing more than a pile of char bone . lizzy be bring forward , hold by a couple cultist , and injected with dream dope as the needle be pass around . she no longer struggle , accept she fate with droopy eye . liziy' dream dope p.o.v. -- as she watch one of the cultist reach down and put a rusty funnel into freddy 's break jawbone . her vision get blurry ... more surreal as another cult member step forward with the tupperware . he pour the dream demon into the funnel . close on freddy remains as the dream demon swim around inside he skull . his bone start to bleed ... blood become artery and vein ... vessel become muscle ... muscle grow scar flesh ... there be a flash from the pit . then suddenly , freddy krueger -- as you have know he , as you have love he -- leap out of the pit and cry : freddy smokin ' ! lizzy roll she eye up and faint . the cultist FIRE they weapon into the air and cheer as the building - high stack of wreck car surround they honk they horn and flash they light . dissolve to : ext . highway - night headlights as jesse 's car zoom past a sign that read : crystal lake - 13 mile . jesse ( v.o. ) we be almost there ... meagan ( v.o. ) we should pull over and ask direction . stormie ( v.o. ) if it do not offend the man ... ooops , sorry ! there be not any . jesse ( v.o. ) very funny . ext . gas station - night jesse pull the car into a ol ' run-down service station . stormie I do not think they be open . meagan it say , open all night . jesse honk the horn and yell : jesse hey ! can we get some service out here ?! stormie I do not think there 's anybody here ... suddenly , a crazy ol ' coot appear on the opposite side with a shotgun . everyone in the car jump . crazy ol ' coot what do you kid want ? meagan we be look for the old cemetery that 's suppose to be around here ... somewhere . crazy ol ' coot what do you want to know for ? stormie we want to see it . crazy ol ' coot ai not nothin ' to see , girly ... ' cept a bunch of ol ' grave . jesse look , mister ... can you give we direction or not ? the old man give the occupant of the car a go over with he one good eye , hesitate a moment over erwin , who scrunches down in the back seat , hide under a baseball cap . crazy ol ' coot you be not goin ' up there to do something ' stupid , be you ? jesse ( laugh ; nervous ) stupid ? like what ? crazy ol ' coot like dig up Jason voorhee -- that 's what ! everyone in the car take a sharp breath -- cold bust ! then they start say " no ! no ! " and shaking they head innocently in a big performance that would not fool a stick . jesse ( look at Meagan ) Jesus ... why would anyone do that ? crazy ol ' coot I dunno ... but people do . stormie be dig up a few time already , have he ? crazy ol ' coot more time than I care to remember . meagan well , we be just do a article for we high school newspaper about the danger of break into cemetery at night . you know , stuff that can get you hurt ... the ol ' coot scan the foursome again closely as he acquiesce . crazy ol ' coot well ... okay ... as long as you be not go up there to do something stupid . ( point ) take this road up about a mile and make a leave at the ol ' see mill . that road will take you right on in ... eternal peace Cemetery -- can not miss it . jesse be already stand on the gas , leave the ol ' coot stand in a cloud of smoke and dust . ext . eternal peace cemetery - night headlights skew across a rusty iron gateway -- eternal peace cemetery -- illuminate a sign : trespaspers will be shot ! Meagan , jesse , stormie , and erwin enter the shadowy cemetery carry lamp with shovel over they shoulder . as they search through the cemetery , Meagan ask : meagan what 's the story on Jason voorhee anyway ? stormie where have you be ? Jason be that guy who run around in a hockey mask , chopping up camp counselor , duh ? meagan I know that . what I mean be why ? erwin it start a long time ago , back in the fifty , when Jason drow at Camp Crystal Lake . his mother go berserk and start kill the counselor . stormie she get she head chop off by one of the girl she be try to kill ! erwin right . and then Jason come back from he watery grave to get revenge . jesse he come back from the grave ? erwin yeah . chopped up a number of people before they finally catch up to he . meagan what happen to he then ? erwin they kill he . jesse how can you kill somebody who 's back from the grave ? erwin not very well apparently . Jason keep come back to life and chopping people up . it 's a never end cycle of terror up here at Crystal Lake -- a real problem . meagan why do he keep come back to life and kill people ? erwin they say he 's look for revenge on the camp counselor who murder he as a child . Jason just happen to go about it in the socially unacceptable way of hack through every teenager he find until he get the right one . ( spot grave ) here it be ... erwin shine he light on Jason 's grave . angle on tombstone -- jason voorhee . born:1945 . die :1953. beneath the death date , crudely scratch into the stone : 1981 , 1982 , 1984 , 1985 , 1986 , 1988 , etc . jesse and erwin start digging . ellipsis -- cemetery statue watch they dig . stormie and Meagan take they turn . then ... jesse hit something solid . hand brush away the remain dirt , expose the coffin below . jesse take a sharp breath and then jam a crowbar under the lid -- force it open . the casket lid crack open a bit when -- ssssss ! -- noxious gas escape . everyone cover they mouth and nose , suppress the urge to hurl . then roach ... hundred of roach . Meagan and stormie run off , scream , bat at they hair and clothing . jesse roll around on the ground . erwin sigh , pluck a roach off he shirt , and calmly eat it . CUT to : ext . eternal peace cemetery - a short time later Meagan and stormie stand just outside the grave , hold the light and a can of bug spray . they hair be up , cover in plastic shower cap . Duct tape around the cuff of they pants . they be not take anymore chance with bug . jesse and erwin open the casket . everyone recoil at the stench . then they shine they light inside -- nothing but rotting chunks and a break hockey mask . CUT to : the kid put several plastic trash bag full of Jason into the trunk of jesse 's car and slamm the lid close . everyone pile into the car , exhaust . in the back , erwin pick he nose , unaware that stormie be watch he , she mouth gape in horror . erwin become aware of stormie 's sicken scrutiny and pull out he finger , present it to stormie . erwin look ... the boogerman ! ( laugh ) get it ?! stormie slap he hand away . stormie get back , you nasty - ass bastard ! ug ! I think I have see the last of that when my brother graduate third grade ! erwin we just dig up a rotting corpse and you be worried about a little snot . jesse look over at Meagan , curl up in a ball beside he . she purr : meagan I be exhaust ... wake I when we get back home . erwin uhhh ... better not fall asleep -- we have still get a lot of work to do and freddy 's out there ... wait . this news sober everyone up immediately . stormie well , that mean we have all get to stay awake ! jesse duh ?! meagan I know ! we will sing a song ! ( start sing ) row ! row ! row you boat , gently down the stream . merrily , merrily , merrily , merrily ... life be but a dream . come on , everybody ! Meagan lead the none-too-enthusiastic group in another chorus of " row you Boat " as jesse 's car roar off into the night . dissolve to : ext . lonely road - night Meagan be lean up against the door , murmure softly to herself as she drift off to sleep : meagan ... merrily , merrily , merrily , merrily ... life be but a dream . in the back seat , erwin be nuzzle between stormie 's breast , suck he thumb . both be fast asleep . jesse stare at the road ahead , he own eyelid droop . the car start to weave . angle out windshield -- we flash past freddy hold a cardboard sign by the side of the road : will kill for food . jesse shake he head -- nah ! he try to concentrate on the road , he eyelid fall once more . jesse 's car zoom past a billboard . behind the bill - board -- a highway patrol car , a radar gun stick out of the driver 's window . close on radar gun as jesse 's car pass in the back - ground , the red digit cascade up . freddy , now dress as a highway patrolman , sit behind the wheel . the radar gun 's display be reflect in he mirrore shade . it read : kill they . freddy should not dream and drive . freddy start the car and pull out , but what come out from behind the billboard be not a patrol car -- it 's freddy 's nightmaremobile -- big chrome pipe belching hellfire . angle in jesse's rearview mirror as jesse 's eyelid close and he head nod forward , revealing the night - maremobile close from behind fast . the nightmaremobile run up to the back of jesse 's car just a inch from the bumper . freddy move one of the dozen of lever on the dash . close on freddy hood ornament -- a small version of freddy 's glove . it extend out towards the back of jesse 's car , one of the tiny knife insert into the trunk lock and turn with a slight click . the trunk lid open . angle inside trunk -- the plastic bag with Jason 's remain be move ! freddy work another level and the tiny glove slit each bag . the various piece of Jason ( hand , boot , intestine , etc. ) crawl out of the bag . freddy ( continue ) look like the cat 's out of the bag now ! freddy laugh as the tiny hand close the trunk . the nightmaremobile pull out from behind jesse 's car , banging into the rear quarter panel . wham ! -- all four occupant of the car be jolted awake , startle . Meagan look out she window and see the nightmaremobile as it close in again . meagan it 's freddy ! wham ! SPARKS fly . everyone scream . freddy laugh as he fall back for another shot . Meagan see the dozen of lose soul trap in the back of the night - maremobile , stare out at she through the back window . a small yellow sign read : lost soul on board . jesse fight to keep the car on the road when suddenly , the piece of Jason attack , bursting from behind the back seat . one hand crawl up the back of the front seat , leaping onto jesse 's throat . Jason 's intestine explode out of the backseat , slithering and snaking they way around stormie and erwin . one of Jason 's boot wiggle under the seat , make it 's way towards the gas pedal . the other boot be content to lay under the back window and kick erwin in the head . as Meagan fight to pull Jason 's hand of jesse 's face , she look down and see Jason 's other hand between she leg . Meagan scream . Jason 's boot stomp on the gas and jesse 's car lurch forward with the acceleration . the nightmaremobile slam into the side of jesse 's car again , cause it to swerve violently from side to side . Inside the nightmaremobile , freddy pull another lever . close on the nightmaremobile fender as a panel open up and a circular sawblade arm extend out , cutting into jesse 's car with a flurry of SPARKS . Inside , Meagan scream as the see blade just miss she leg , cutting forward towards ... close on jesse's front tire as the see blade cut into it . the tire blows and jesse 's car lurch off the road , veer into a tree line . crash ! -- jesse 's car plow fender - first into a tree , the horn stick on , blaring . freddy laugh and kick the nightmaremobile into overdrive , roaring off and disappear with a explosion of FIRE that wisp away in a instant . in the distance -- a old farmhouse . the light go on inside . the passenger door open and Meagan fall out onto the ground , bleed from a slight scalp wound . a rear door open and stormie and erwin spill out , lock in embrace and not seriously hurt . Meagan stagger around to the driver 's side and open the door . jesse be lay unconscious against the steering wheel . Meagan pull he off the wheel and the horn stop . jesse be splatter with blood and he leg be a mess . meagan ( continue ) jesse 's hurt real bad ... we have get to get he to a doctor . through the farmhouse window , erwin and stormie see the farmer on the phone . erwin do not worry ... a ambulance be on the way . Meagan cradle jesse 's head in she hand , cry : meagan oh , God ... jesse ... erwin go to the trunk and open it . Inside -- the garbage bag with Jason 's remain still inside -- untouched . erwin go to Meagan and say : erwin Meagan ... listen to I ... the cop be on they way . if they find I and Jason voorhee in the trunk there , we be finish . meagan go ... get out of here . take Jason and stormie with you . stormie I be stay with you . erwin grab the trash bag out of the trunk and say : erwin I will call you at the hospital . stormie how ? erwin somehow ! erwin take off , disappear with Jason 's remain into the night as siren wail in the distance -- grow close . CUT to : int . hospital - jesse's room - night jesse be lay in a hospital bed , he leg in a special tent . Meagan and stormie watch from the doorway as a doctor check jesse 's vital . as he finish , Meagan ask : meagan be he go to be okay ? doctor yes . but he need a lot of rest . his leg be break in four place and he have four break rib and a concussion . Meagan sit down next to jesse , take he hand . stormie turn to the doctor . stormie hey doc , be there someplace I could get we something to eat ? doctor I be afraid the cafeteria be close . there be some vend machine in the lobby . ( to Meagan ) I will be back to check on he in a couple of hour . the doctor exit . stormie I will be right back ... I be goin ' go score we some munchy . Meagan nod weakly . stormie exit . Meagan lay she head on jesse 's hand . int . hospital lobby - moment later stormie be get several bag of munchy out of the vend machine when she turn and see murdoch at the information booth , flash photo of jesse and erwin . stormie dash for the staircase . int . hospital - jesse's room - same time jesse and Meagan have fall asleep . jesse 's heart monitor beeps ... on the wall , a x-ray viewer flicker to life . freddy peek out from behind the other side . he snicker and duck back down . suddenly , freddy 's hand reach up from inside the bed and grab jesse , pull he down into the mattress . Meagan wake and see this , scream as jesse grab onto the curtain . close on curtain rod as the curtain pull free of the ring . jesse disappear into the bed , he scream echoing away . Meagan look under the bed -- nothing . she rise up again , watch as jesse 's iv and electrode wire be pull down after he . Meagan grab a handful of tube and wire and try to pull jesse back . but the pull be too strong and Meagan go into the mattress . int . old west SALOON ( nightmare ) - continuous action Meagan fall to the floor of a dusty ol ' saloon . as she get to she foot she see jesse 's iv tube run along the floor and out the door . Meagan follow they to the saloon door , where she stop and look out into ... ext . old west STREET ( nightmare ) - continuous action stand in the middle of the street be jesse , dress in a cowboy sheriff 's outfit complete with hat , badge , and gunbelt . Meagan call to he from the saloon door . meagan jesse ! but jesse can not hear she . he 's too busy shaking with fear ... stare at something come down the street . it 's freddy . dress in a Black Bart cowboy outfit . freddy ( ala John Wayne ) okay , sheriff ... this nightmare be not big enough for the two of we ... draw ! tremble with fear , jesse fumble for he pistol . he pull it out and fire . freddy laugh . jesse fire again . freddy just laugh . jesse fire again and again and again and freddy just laugh and laugh and laugh . from the saloon , Meagan scream : meagan jesse ! wake up ! wake up !! freddy look over at she , annoyed . freddy Three 's a crowd , bitch ! why do not you just go get [ beep ] int . hospital - jesse's room - continuous action the SOUND of jesse 's heart monitor beeping erratically wake Meagan with a start . she try to wake jesse . meagan jesse , wake up ! wake up !! int . old west STREET ( nightmare ) - same time jesse keep firing at freddy ... until he gun click empty . freddy smile and pull out the biggest goddamn gun you ever see and say : freddy go ahead ... make my dream ! freddy fire ! hard CUT to : int . hospital - jesse's room - next instant jesse 's stomach explode with blood -- splattering Meagan . jesse 's heart monitor beeps continuously -- flat line . jesse be dead . a nurse show up to answer the alarm . she see Meagan stand over jesse 's body , cover in blood , and scream . stormie enter the room a half - second later and gasp . meagan freddy kill jesse ... stormie reach in and grab Meagan , pull she out of the room . int . hospital - hallway - continuous action stormie drag a shell - shocked Meagan down the hall , the scream of the nurse fade into the distance . stormie Jesus ... get a grip , lady . you would think a nurse in a hospital would have see a dead body before . meagan jesse ... just then , stormie spot murdoch and he man get off the elevator . they hear the nurse 's scream and come run towards jesse 's room . stormie pull Meagan behind the nurse 's station just as murdoch and company go thunder past . then a voice on the p.a. say : voice ( filter ) attention . would Meagan or stormie please pick up the white paging phone for a message ? stormie and Meagan exchange worrisome look . the announcement repeat itself again . then again . stormie can not stand it anymore -- she stand up and pick up the white paging phone . stormie ( into phone ) this be stormie ... murdoch and he man come run past the nurse 's station again . stormie turn she back to they but murdoch go back to the nurse 's station , ask : murdoch do you see a couple of girl go by here a moment ago ? stormie gesture to the elevator . stormie just miss them . murdoch nod a quick thanks and take off with he man right behind . stormie exhales a giant sigh of relief as the hospital operator say : hospital operator ( filter ) the message be from erwin ... he say to meet he at the side entrance in two minute . stormie hang up and grab Meagan , run for the staircase . ext . hospital - night - moment later stormie drag Meagan out of the hospital just as erwin pull up in a old batter pick - up truck . he throw open the door and stormie push Meagan inside , climb in after she and ask : stormie where would you get the truck ? erwin same place I have get Jason hide . stormie and where 's that ? erwin a place where no one ever go . stormie close the door and the pick - up truck roar out of the parking lot . CUT to : ext . camp crystal lake - night the pick - up truck 's headlight skew across a weather - wear sign , pepper with bullet hole : camp crystal lake erwin drive the truck through the desert camp , past the cabin , down towards the lake . he stop a short distance away from the pier and the three of they climb out . Meagan be still in shock , let stormie guide she as erwin lead they down the pier to a small diving platform tie up to the end . stormie what would you do -- take he for a swim ? erwin almost . erwin jump down on the diving platform . in the center , a large form be cover by a tarp . erwin help stormie down onto the platform , leave Meagan stand on the pier . she look out over the lake -- eye vacant . erwin move close to stormie and , gesture to Meagan , ask : erwin ( continue ) be she go to be alright ? stormie I do not know . she 's pretty fuck up . God , I do not know why I be not ... erwin you be a strong woman . stormie what 's that suppose to mean ? erwin uhhh ... nothing . I do not mean anything . stormie gesture to the tarp . stormie be this he ? erwin yeah ... ( whip back tarp ) meet the new and improve Jason . angle on jason lay spread eagle on the diving platform , cocoon in chicken wire with dozen of coiled lead trail off into the water . erwin have do a good job of sewing Jason back together with barb wire and fishing line . his arm and leg have be reinforce with steel brace and even Jason 's mask have be repair , stitched down the middle with bail wire . Jason look ninety ... and butch . stormie why would you put that stupid mask on he ? erwin take a look ... stormie bend down and take a peek under the mask and quickly replace it . stormie good idea . erwin not exactly a beauty queen entry , be he ? stormie so what do we do now -- sing a ozzy osbourne song backwards or something ? erwin I be afraid it 's not that simple ... stormie I think you say you know how to bring he back to life ? erwin I do ! but when I be put he back together , I notice something be miss . stormie think about this for a second , then : stormie awwww , he will not be need that ... I mean , what girl would let he put he rotten ol '... erwin ( cut she off ) no - no ! not that ! it 's he heart ... it 's miss . stormie well ... do it really matter ? can not you use a aquarium pump or something ? erwin no ... he have to have a heart . a human heart . a good one . Meagan speak for the first time : meagan I know where we can get a heart ... a good one . CUT to : ext . morgue - parking lot - night a sign read : CITY morgue . through the front window a guard can be see sit at the reception desk . erwin , stormie , and Meagan watch he from the pick - up , park a safe distance away . erwin that guard in there might pose a problem . meagan do you think you and stormie could keep he occupy for a few minute ? erwin and stormie exchange look , then shrug -- why not ? meagan ( continue ) okay ... let 's do it . a few moment later , the guard look up as the pick - up swerve wildly into the parking lot . he get up and go to the glass door , peer out . angle through glass door as stormie and erwin start make out -- hot and heavy . int . morgue - night Meagan break a small window near the ceiling . she crawl onto the top of the cabinet and then drop to the floor . she shine she flashlight around the dark laboratory , illuminate anatomy chart , jar full of organ , etc . cross to the locker , Meagan tentatively open one of the drawer and shine she light inside -- ug ! wrong guy . she open the next drawer -- ick ! even worse . Meagan open a third drawer -- jesse . her lip start to quiver as she caress he face . ext . morgue - parking lot - same time at the glass door , the guard be watch the action in the parking lot , he breath fogging the window . he wipe the glass clean with he sleeve to get a better look . Inside the truck , stormie and erwin wrestle around . stormie hey ! watch that ! erwin I be just try to make it look real . stormie just keep you hand above the bra , pizza face . the window be start to steam up . int . morgue - same time Meagan pull on a labcoat and put on a pair of rubber glove . then she open a drawer full of shiny instru - ment ( saw , rib cutter , etc. ) and select a large knife . Meagan stand over jesse 's body . she pull back the sheet , expose he chest . Meagan raise the knife far above she head . meagan forgive I , jesse ... Meagan plunge the knife into jesse 's chest with a sicken thwack ! ext . morgue - parking lot - same time the window of the pick - up be now badly fogge , obscure the guard 's view . he lick he lip , decide to investigate closer . the guard unlock the front door and start toward stormie and erwin . they spot he come and break they embrace . in another moment , the pick - up be peeling out of the parking lot . the guard watch the truck go , shake he head , and go back inside to start he round . up the street , park with the light off in the night shade of a large tree , stormie and erwin watch as the guard start down the glass enclose hallway towards the morgue . stormie he 's head right for she ! do some - thing ! erwin panic for a moment , then honk the horn . int . morgue - next moment Meagan be try to pull jesse 's heart out of he chest but it just will not come , some vein or muscle fiber keep pull it back . she jump at the horn , then start pull harder . in the hallway just outside , the guard hear the horn and stop . he start back for the front , when suddenly the horn stop . Meagan hack at the last bit of stringy goo that cling to jesse 's heart . as the last strand go , Meagan tumble backwards to the floor with a loud thud . the guard hear that and turn back towards the morgue , draw he gun . he tip -toe to the door and carefully unlock it , leave he key in the lock . take a two -hande weaver stance , the guard raise he foot and kick the door . whack ! -- the door fly open and the guard leap inside like Marshall dillon , snap on the light . he gasp , eye go wide as he scan the room . one of the drawer be open ... the stiff 's chest have get a huge hole in it ... blood spatter everywhere ... a bunch of bloody footprint lead over to the cabinet ... suddenly , the guard see Meagan half out the window and cry : guard stop right there ! Meagan roll out of the window just as the guard fire . the unbroken section of the window shatter . the guard curse and race for the ... ext . morgue - second later the guard come run out just in time to see Meagan close the passenger door and the truck roar away . he shrink , deject -- no way to catch they now . the guard head back inside to report this mess and find that the door have close and lock behind he . CUT to : ext . eternal peace cemetery - night the crazy ol ' coot be lead murdoch through the cemetery . crazy ol ' coot they say they be writin ' for some newspaper ... murdoch teenager be notorious liar . crazy ol ' coot well , after I hear about the accident on my police scanner , I come up here to have a look . when I find it I figure you would want to know right away . murdoch you do the right thing . the ol ' coot shine he light down into Jason 's empty grave . crazy ol ' coot damn kid ... I just know they be comin ' up here to do something ' stupid . the s.w.a.t. commander come up to murdoch . s.w.a.t. commander just get a call on the radio -- three juvenile just break into the morgue -- one male , two female . the guard be pretty sure the male be in the freddy cult -- burnt face . crazy ol ' coot sound like the same kid I see . murdoch do the guard say what they take ? s.w.a.t. commander yeah ... that murder kid , jesse -- they carve he heart out . ( beat ) they get away in a pick - up -- the guard do not get the license . you want I to put out a a.p.b .? murdoch no ... that will not be necessary . I know just where they be go , and just what they be up to . and this time ... I will be ready . CUT to : ext . camp crystal lake - night Meagan sit on the end of the pier , watch silently as erwin sew jesse 's heart into Jason 's chest use dental floss . stormie come up behind she and put she jacket around Meagan 's shoulder , sit down beside she and say : stormie you have get to quit blame you - self for what happen to jesse ... it be not you fault . meagan he do not want to come with we ... but he do anyway . he do it for I . stormie I be not sorry I come ... I do not think jesse would be , either . meagan I just can not believe he 's dead . I keep think he will show up any minute ... erwin well , that just about do it ... erwin finish sewing up Jason and climb back onto the pier , cut the diving platform free . he kick it off and it float out into the lake , drift free . then erwin herd the girl down the shore , lead they over to where a short trench have be dig lead from the water 's edge . in the bottom of the trench -- a uncover power cable . erwin ( continue ) as you can see , I have excavate the power cable that run across the bottom of Crystal Lake . I have cut away the insulation , expose a patch of cable right near the water 's edge . erwin pick up a nearby bucket of water and set it at the head of the trench . erwin ( continue ) now when I kick this over , the water will wash down the trench and bridge a eletrical gap between the cable and the lake . there 's plenty of voltage , so it should work . stormie so you kick the bucket and Jason life . erwin yeah , right ... ( then ) okay , keep you finger cross ... erwin kick the bucket over . the water wash down the trench , over the cable , and -- pow ! Z-Z-Z- zap ! a huge spark hit explode . then the lake begin to glow and the water begin to churn . erwin and the girl jump back as electricity arc from the lake , engulf the diving platform . the arc of electricity leap from the chicken wire onto Jason 's body , he massive frame convulse . close on hockey mask as we push in -- the electricity spiral down into the eye hole like water run down a drain . close on jason be eye as it open ! we dive into the eye and take a fantastic dream / time travel to ... optical transition to : ext . voorhee cabin - 1953 - day close on mask ( 1950 's version of a hockey mask ) reflect in the water . a young hand reach up and pull off the mask , revealing the disfigure boy beneath . this be jason -- age 9 . jason's father come to the doorway of they run - down cabin in dirty longjohn , hold a bottle of rye . he bellow : jason's father Jason ! git you ass over here ! Jason jump at he father 's voice , hesitates only slightly , then run toward he , stop abruptly several pace away . jason's father ( continue ) what do I teach you , boy ? do not ever take you mask off out in public . I do not want nobody to see that ugly mug of yours . Jason stand , look at he bare foot . his father smack he upside the head , shove he towards the woodsh . jason's father ( continue ) go git in the woodsh . Jason 's pace slow as he enter the dark shed -- he know what 's come next . jason's father ( continue ) Drop they overall and lay over they log ... Jason slowly comply as he father loosen he belt . suddenly , jason's mother be just outside the doorway , call : jason's mother Jason ! come here ! Jason give he father a sideways glance , then scurries towards he mother . jason's father what be you do woman ? Jason 's mother give he a mason jar stuff with dollar and change . jason's mother I save up some money ... I want you to take and go on up to that summer camp just up the road . tell the man you want to stay there . jason's father just what the hell do you think you be do , bitch ?! jason's mother I be send he away for a few week . jason's father you be not send he nowhere . ( to Jason ) bring I that money , boy ! Jason hold he ground for a second , unsure whom to obey , when he mother shoos he away . jason's mother go on now ... go ! Jason take off up the road . his father sneer : jason's father goin ' ag 'in I ? I will take you to the shed , woman ! Jason 's mother pull a knife from she apron . jason's mother you be not ever take anyone to the shed ever again . Jason 's mother charge at she husband , shove he back into the shed with the knife . Jason look back . through the open window he see he mother 's arm come down repeatedly with the knife , he father 's arm flail helplessly . then both disappear from view . after a moment he mother appear in the door - way , spatter with blood . she smile and wave to he , call : jason's mother ( continue ) go on , son ... have a good time ! mommy will come and git you some day soon ! Jason turn and run to ... ext . camp crystal lake - 1953 - day wearing he mask , Jason walk through the entrance to the camp with he jar of money . in the office , the head counselor take he money and shake he hand . head counselor welcome aboard , son ! I be sure you will have a great time ! CUT to : the other kide dance around Jason , taunting he ... laugh at he ... point and teasing ... Jason break away , run towards the pier . Jason sit at the end of the pier , look at he own reflection . he remove the mask and watch as the distortion in the water make he face look normal . someone come up behind Jason slowly . Jason be not aware of they presence until a shadowy reflection appear behind he own . Jason turn to see who when he be suddenly push into the lake . Jason splashes to the surface , sputtering , try to stay afloat . a hand push he head back under the water . jason's underwater p.o.v. -- a distort image of whoever be hold he under . Jason thrust out he arm , fight to get back to the surface ... fight just to see who be kill he before he die . hard CUT to : ext . camp crystal lake - night Jason come alive , thrashing around on the diving dock , the electricity all over he like a spider web . on shore , erwin and the girl gasp . erwin Holy shit ! it work ! Meagan and stormie bounce , excitedly . but something be wrong . Jason thrashes around on the dock , unable to break the crisscross of high voltage chicken wire . meagan it 's kill he ! shut it off ! shut it off ! erwin shut it off ... it suddenly occur to I that I have not really plan for that contingency . stormie just do not stand there ! do something ! but all erwin can do be scratch he head . Meagan rush to the shore line and scream out over the lake : meagan Jason ! jason ! you have get to get up ! do you hear I ? get up ! Jason clenches he meaty fist and slam they down against the diving dock . smashing it to bit . Water rush over he and -- zzzzt ! ka - pow ! a power transformer on shore explode , cause Meagan and she friend to cringe . when they look back , the electrical light show fade away , leave nothing but smoke and float debris . Meagan and stormie turn to erwin , who shrug shyly and say : erwin well ... it 's off now . Meagan and stormie begin a verbal barrage that would shrink any man to pus ... much less erwin . he cower between they , offer quick excuse and humble apology . all three be so wrap up in lay blame that they never notice Jason 's shadowy figure as it rise from the lake . then they do see he ... scream and run . Jason charge after the kid in he familiar " unstoppable killer " gait . erwin duck inside the tool shed as Meagan and stormie dash past . he close the door behind he and squirm out a tiny window just as Jason kick open the door and step inside . erwin race around to the front and close the door . he fasten the latch and padlock , then call to the girl : erwin ( continue ) hey ! come back ! I have get he lock up in the tool shed ! just then , the SOUND of a chainsaw as the blade rip through the tool shed door . erwin scream like a girl and run away . int . MAIN cabin - continuous action Meagan and stormie run into the main room . stormie spot a phone and go to it , dial frantically . meagan who be you call ?! stormie the cop ! who else ?! meagan be you kid ?! they will lock we up and throw away the key ! stormie Fine by I ! ( click the receiver ) damnit ! it 's dead ! just then , erwin burst into the cabin , slamm the door shut behind he . erwin he 's right behind I ! stormie and Meagan look out the window -- sure enough , Jason be storming towards they , hold the chainsaw . stormie ( to erwin ) you be the one who bring he back to life ! erwin and ?! stormie well , do something ! erwin scream and run for the closet , hide inside . stormie cluck : stormie ( continue ) oh , some hero ! just then , the chainsaw rip through the front door . Meagan and stormie scream and follow erwin into the closet , close themselves inside . they cower in the closet , listen ... for a long moment ... nothing but the sound of they heavy breathe . then , with the ripping of wood , Jason chainsaw the closet door -- knock it to the floor . erwin draw out he pin and start stabbing himself in the finger . Jason charge forward , when Meagan suddenly stand up in front of he and yell : meagan stop ! to everyone 's shock ... Jason do . meagan ( continue ) now ... just stop ! we be the one that bring you back to life . and you have no right to kill we with that chainsaw ! in fact ... you owe we ... stormie that 's right ! she give you she boyfriend 's heart , you know ! meagan that 's right . Jason cock he massive head like a perplex pup . meagan ( continue ) look ! here 's he picture ... Meagan take off the necklace that jesse give she and open the locket . she show Jason the photo of jesse inside . Jason drop the chainsaw and take the locket in he humongous hand , gently touch the photo of jesse with a meaty finger . meagan ( continue ) now , I know that you have be through a lot . and I know that you be piss off about be murder and all . stormie ( interject ) I know I would be ! meagan but if you help we kill freddy krueger ... I promise to help you find the little bastard that kill you . what do you say ? have we get a deal ? Meagan stick out she hand to shake . Jason stare at it , look back at the locket , then to Meagan . finally , he reach out he huge hand for Meagan 's when ... brilliant , blind white light blaze through the window , freezing everyone to the spot . anxious to get out of the closet with Jason , erwin crawl across the floor and peek out over the window sill . angle out window -- a dozen police car shine they light towards the cabin , two dozen cop aim they weapon . in the middle of this impressive show of force be murdoch . he raise a bullhorn to he lip . murdoch ( through bullhorn ) you in there ! this be Captain Renton murdoch -- State trooper ! I be order you to come out with you hand up ! I will give you until the count of three ... ( beat ) Three ! Meagan turn to Jason , shove he back into the closet . meagan ( whisper ) Jason , you have to hide ! stay in here and do not come out until we tell you . stormie ... help I ! stormie help Meagan stuff Jason into the closet , close the door . then they quickly smooth down they hair and clothes , move towards the door . ext . camp crystal lake - next second Meagan , stormie , and erwin come out with they hand raise high above they head . as they walk towards the police car , several of the s.w.a.t. team move in and arrest they . as they be handcuff and searched , murdoch go on the bullhorn again : murdoch ( through bullhorn ) alright ... anybody else leave in there have better say they prayer ! erwin there 's no one else inside . murdoch be that a fact ? ( into bullhorn ) okay ... you have you chance ! suddenly , one of the cop point towards the cabin and shout : cop hey , look ! all head turn towards the cabin , where Jason 's massive frame be fill the doorway . s.w.a.t. commander Holy Mary , mother of God ... would you look at the size of that guy ? murdoch ( almost happy ) I know it ! all the cop level they weapon at Jason when murdoch suddenly step forward , gesture for everyone to get behind he . murdoch ( continue ) stand back ! I will handle this . murdoch take a few step towards the cabin and sneer : murdoch ( continue ) you ... Jason raise the chainsaw -- he remember murdoch too . murdoch go for he gun , but instead of bring out a pistol , he hold a laser designator . murdoch fire . a big red dot appear on Jason 's chest . Jason look down at it like it be a harmless bug . he look back up at murdoch , who raise a radio to he lip and say : murdoch ( continue ; into radio ) let she go . ext . 60,000 feet above crystal lake - next second a military jet fly above drop it 's payload -- a laser - guide napalm bomb . ext . camp crystal lake - same time a slight whistle sound grow in the sky above Camp Crystal Lake . Jason look up . smart bomb p.o.v. as it drop down on Jason -- home in on the laser dot on he chest . BA - boom ! -- Camp Crystal Lake explode in flame . all the cop take cover as FIRE rain down on they . only murdoch stand he ground , he arm outstretch as he embrace the terrible sight . murdoch that will teach you to fuck with the law , voorhee ! a cop behind he say : cop uhh , sir ... you hat 's on fire . murdoch look up -- sure enough , he smokey bear hat be burn above the brim . Meagan watch as Camp Crystal Lake be consume in flame , she last hope of save lizzy -- go . then a cop shove she into a police car with stormie . erwin be put into another car and the three exchange worrisome look through the window just before the car pull away . as the cop start to pull out , one of they notice something move amidst the flame -- a large burning form , walk towards the lake . as it stumble out onto the pier , the cop turn to he partner and say : curious cop hey ... do you see that ? but just then , the form fall through the burning pier , splashing into the water below . the partner look , see nothing , and shrug . partner see what ? curious cop I think I see something ... he shrug it off and exit after he partner . murdoch , he hat still smoking a little , survey the sight one last time before climb into he patrol car and drive away . CUT to : int . police station - cellblock - night a cell door slam in front of stormie 's face . a cell door slam in front of Meagan 's face . both girl be behind bar , separate by a cement wall . the hefty female deputy in charge of the cellblock go back to she desk . both girl stand in they cell next to eachother , watch as the deputy go back to she desk and begin to devour three combo-burrito . meagan we have get to try and stay awake . stormie get something to eat might help . ( call to deputy ) yo , butch ! deputy miller it 's deputy Miller . stormie Excuse I , deputy Miller but could we have something to eat ? deputy miller I think you psychos only eat human heart ? stormie and I think you pig only eat donut . deputy miller do not make I come back there . stormie ( low ; to Meagan ) cow ! I hope she choke on she three combo-burrito cud ! Meagan lean up against the wall , slide down to the floor in defeat . meagan what be I go to do ? I will never be able to find lizzy now . stormie you should be worry about you - self ... I know I be . stormie plop down on she cot . meagan I bet you be sorry you come with I now ... stormie Nah ... what be best friend for ? afterall , you stick by I through all my crazy phase , I figure I owe you one big crazy phase , right ? meagan that 's for be my best friend , stormie . just then , deputy Miller step in front of Meagan 's cell , unlock it . deputy miller come on , Meagan . meagan where be we go ? deputy miller you parent be here . CUT to : int . police station - night - moment later deputy Miller bring Meagan out of the cellblock , where she mom and dad be wait with Captain murdoch . Meagan 's mom rush up and hug Meagan . meagan' mom oh , Meagan ... be you alright ? let I look at you ... meagan I be okay , mom . meagan' dad you mother 's be worried sick , Meagan . so have i. Meagan stand handcuff , she hair muss , she clothes bloody and soile . meagan sorry . today have be a bitch . int . cellblock - same time the deputy be so busy munch down on she burrito that she do not notice the strange shadow that pass behind she . the shadow move down the cellblock , accompany by a slight scraping . freddy 's glove materialize , rake the knife along the metal cross bar . freddy stop at stormie 's cell , look inside . stormie be fast asleep . freddy walk into stormie 's cell , pass right through the bar . suddenly , stormie wake and , see freddy , jump to she foot and scream . stormie help ! help ! freddy 's here ! he 's here ! but the deputy at the end of the cellblock do not respond , finish off the rest of the burrito and lick she meaty finger clean . freddy put he forefinger knife to he lip and shush stormie , point to she cot . stormie look over and see she - self asleep . stormie ( continue ) oh , shit ! I be still asleep ! she look up at freddy , who smile and say : freddy you know what they say ... when you sleep -- you die ! freddy flash the glove of knife . int . police station - next moment meagan be mom Meagan , Captain murdoch here say you help one of that cultist escape from a hospital ? meagan a mental hospital . meagan' mom and he say you desecrate a cemetery and some other really terrible thing . tell I you have nothing to do with it . tell I there 's some mistake ...? meagan there 's no mistake . ( to murdoch ) what do you do with erwin ? murdoch you boyfriend be head back to the looney bin where he belong . but do not worry , you will be see he soon enough ... at the arraignment . int . cellblock - same time freddy taunt stormie as the circle around in the cell by slice off he finger , squirting green slime . stormie wince a little but keep she distance and cool . stormie you do not scare I , freddy ! thanks to my various phase and many hour of watch violent televison , I have become immune to violence . see it all and do it all ! nothing you do can gross I out -- so why do not you give it you best shot , bitch ! freddy then maybe I will just CUT to the chase ! freddy swing the glove but stormie duck , keep she defensive stance . stormie I be warning you , freddy ... my father be a drill sergeant in the Marine Corps and he teach I just how to defend myself against slimy bastard like you . freddy oh I be so scared , honey . come on ! hit I ! punch I right in the nose ! I dare you ! freddy jut out he chin , gesture for stormie to take a punch . stormie throw a right and pop freddy right in the nose . freddy ( continue ; surprised ) owwwww ! stormie smile but that soon fade as she realize she fist be stick in freddy 's nose . freddy take in a breath and stormie 's arm be suck up past the elbow . she scream . freddy take a deep breath and snort stormie right up he nose , she scream turn into a faint buzz . freddy smile . freddy ( continue ) now that 's what I call get a buzz . int . freddy nostril cavern - next second now the size of a flea , stormie be cling to one of hundred of point tree trunk jutting out from the circular wall -- freddy 's nose hair . stuck in that humongous hair be clump of icky gunk -- booger . sitting next to stormie , a particularly large and rotund booger clump open its eye and say ( in the distort voice of Harry manfredini ) : boogerman hi there ! I be the boogerman ! heh - heh ... get it ? stormie scream , back up into the " tree " , try to put distance between herself and boogerman . boogerman ( continue ) aww , do not go ... we can play " Star Wars " . you can be princess leia and I will be jabba the Hutt ! boogerman lick he fat , nasty lip with a slimy green tongue -- he do kinda look like jabba . stormie scream again . int . police station - same time Meagan be get more and more agitate . meagan we be waste time ! we have get to close down all the church -- freddy have to marry lizzy on holy ground ! Meagan 's parent stare at they daughter with confuse , frighten look . meagan ( continue ) do not you understand ?! he have to come to we reality to do it ! it 's we last chance to kill he ! murdoch okay , I think we have hear enough of this crap . take she back to the lockup . a couple of deputy grab Meagan . she throw they off and they grab she again , roughly . Meagan 's parent watch in pain and horror as the deputy drag they daughter back to she cell , kick and scream . meagan dad ! Mom ! do not let they lock I up ! I have to save lizzy ! meagan' mom oh , Meagan ... you be sick . you do not even realize what you have do . meagan I do what I have to do to try and save lizzy ! murdoch yeah , include murdering you boy - friend and cut he heart out . meagan liar ! freddy kill jesse ! he be already dead when I cut he heart out ! Meagan 's mom and dad gasp , recoil with horror . meagan ( continue ; manic ) goddamnit , you do not understand ! freddy life ! freddy live !!! Meagan 's rave grow faint as she disappear into the cellblock . murdoch pull Meagan 's dad aside . murdoch I know how you must feel ... I have a dog once . I love that dog . I treat she like my own daughter . we go camp , picnic in the park ... I even have a little stock for she nail up on the mantle for Christmas . then one day , she bit I ... so I have to blow she brain out . ( sigh ) God , I love that dog . int . stormie' cell &amp ; nostril cavern - same time freddy start to dig in he nose with he forefinger knife . a giant knife blade come charge up the nostril cavern , send stormie into hysterics . boogerman uh-oh , freddy 's pick he nose again -- gotta go ! boogerman start lumber up into the back of the nostril cavern . stormie watch the massive knife blade as it come right for she , then at the last possible second she start climb after boogerman . she push past the disgusting blob of goo , racing ahead . boogerman ( continue ) well , excuse I ! insert -- freddy push the knife way far back into he head . the giant knife spear boogerman in the back , run he through and spilling he " boogerman " gut out he front . stormie give a little squeal as boogerman be pull out , kick and scream . freddy withdraw the knife from he nose , peer closely at the tiny boogerman impale on the end . he twist he mouth in utter disdain and flick booger - man across the cell . boogerman scream as he fly across vast space , smack - ing into the far wall with a giant splat ! boogerman flatten outward into a thin pancake of boogerman goo , he nasty head still alive in the center . freddy reach through the bar of the cell , he arm extend out in a grotesque fashion all the way to the deputy 's desk . he feel around on the table until he touch the pepper shaker , draw it back into stormie 's cell . freddy sprinkle a small amount of pepper into he right palm and breathes it in deeply -- the speck of pepper become rock that pelt stormie as she cling to life deep inside the nostril . freddy 's face begin to distort , he nose wrinkling up -- the beginning of a sneeze . freddy ahhh ... ahhh ... ahhh --choo ! micro-stormie come blast out of freddy 's nose with globule of snot . she fly across the massive cell , head directly for the splatter boogerman , scream she head off . boogerman see stormie racing towards he and he scream too . hard CUT to : int . police station - cellblock - next instant as the deputy bring Meagan back to she cell they hear a loud splat ! meagan stormie ?! the deputy push Meagan back as she move forward cautiously , glance around the wall into stormie 's cell ... then promptly puke combo burrito . Meagan run up and look . the wall to stormie 's cell be splatter with blood and bit . Meagan fall to she knee , sobbing as more deputy come run into the cellblock , answer the deputy 's puke- choke scream . meagan ( continue ) oh , God ... what have I do ? what have I do ?! we boom out of this chaos and go to ... ext . lonely road - night a ambulance race along the road with it 's emergency light flash . in back erwin lay strapped to a gurney . up front sit a driver and a attendant . they chat disparagingly about the freak in the back , when suddenly a large form appear in the road just ahead . the driver slam on the brake and the wheel lock up with a terrible squeal . whump ! -- the ambulance plow into the form , knock it some fifty foot down the road . the driver and the attendant stare out of the crack windshield in shock . finally , the driver turn to the attendant and say : ambulance driver I will go check it out . you stay here . the driver get out and go to the form lay in the road . he bend down to examine the char , mammoth carcass when a fist fly up , smack the driver in the face . he fall to the ground , unconscious . the corpse sit up in the glare from the headlight -- it 's Jason ! burnt and blacken but ready for action ! he start towards the ambulance . the attendant get out and pull he service revolver , empty into Jason 's chest . Jason recoil only slightly as bullet hit burst he coverall , then he grab the attendant by the head as he snap the empty pistol in panic . Jason slam the attendant 's face into the side of the ambulance . in the back of the ambulance , a terror-stricken erwin watch as a face shape dent appear in the wall with a sicken wrenching of metal and flesh . then ... silence . rip ! -- Jason pull off the back door of the ambulance and climb inside , the shock bottome out under he weight . he reach out for erwin , who close he eye ... wait for the inevitable . then ... nothing . after a second , erwin open a eye . Jason be stand over he , hand outstretch . in he big , burnt palm -- Meagan 's necklace . erwin look from the necklace to Jason . Jason thrust out he hand impatiently . erwin you ... want I to tell you where Meagan be ? again with the thrust . erwin ( continue ) well why do not you say so ?! Jesus , for a minute there I think you be go to kill I . ( then ) you be not , be you ? Jason shake he palm at erwin yet a third time . erwin ( continue ) okay ... okay ! I will take you right to she . could you help I out of this ? Jason reach over and yank out the gurney strap . erwin exit out the back with Jason follow close behind . erwin climb in behind the wheel , say : erwin ( continue ) I will drive . Jason push erwin aside so roughly that he slam into the passenger side door . erwin ( continue ) okay ... you drive . as Jason climb into the driver 's seat , a chime go off as a female computer voice in a pleasant tone say : computer voice fasten you safety belt , please . erwin fasten he . Jason watch he and pull the safety belt across he massive chest -- it will not reach . Jason pull harder , rip the belt out of the bolt . the chime go crazy . computer voice ( continue ) fasten you safety belt , please ... fasten you safety belt , please ... Jason smashes the dashboard with he fist , silencing the voice and chime . he turn suddenly to erwin as if to say , " yeah ?! what about it ? " erwin shrug nervously : erwin fuck the bitch . let 's roll ! with tire squealing , burn rubber and smoke , the ambulance roar away into the early morning . dissolve to : ext . police station - cellblock - dawn Meagan stare through the bar of she cell at the sun as it peek out over the horizon . the deputy get up to leave for the six a.m. shift change . as she go , she switch on the cellblock tv . angle on tv -- a early morning religious program be on . RELIGIOUS announcer ( filter ) this be Channel 12 -- Station w.g.o.d. -- where the " W " stand for " worship " and now ... " Daily affirmation " with reverend lawrence lovejoy ... a shot of the reverend lovejoy at the podium in he studio , give kind word of encouragement . reverend lovejoy good morning , friend ... the good Book say that each morning bring a new light into we life ... the good reverend go on about it always be darkest before the dawn , have faith and you prayer will be answer , etc . Meagan turn and watch the sunrise -- glorious . tear stream down she cheek . then a commercial come on : RELIGIOUS announcer ( filter ) you can own a videotape of reverend lovejoy 's Daily affirmation for only $ 19.95 ... CUT to : ext . RELIGIOUS tv station - morning in he booth at the main gate , the gate guard watch as a procession of hearse approach . as the first hearse reach the gate , the guard step out and say : gate guard hello . what can I do for you ? a cultist stick he head out the window and say : cultist we be here to see the reverend lovejoy . we need he to perform a wedding . gate guard do you have a appointment ? cultist no . I have a beretta . the cultist produce a pistol -- bang ! int . studio - moment later the reverend lovejoy be at he podium , he wife at the organ , wait for the commercial break to be over . the floor manager count down -- three ... two ... one ... bam ! -- the cultist burst into the studio . the camera operator and floor manager be kill . the reverend lovejoy and he wife , at the organ , be take hostage . int . police station - cellblock - same time angle on tv as the cultist take the reverend and he wife hostage . Meagan watch , suddenly perplex . int . studio - next second the cultist break into the control room , kill the director and staff . one slip into the sound booth , garrot the RELIGIOUS announcer with a piece of wire . another smashes the control board , kill the signal . all the feed monitor go snowy . int . cellblock - same time angle on tv as the picture go to static . just then , the deputy appear in front of Meagan 's cell . meagan something just happen at the tv station . deputy do not worry about it -- get undress . meagan what for ? deputy time to get you clean up for court . Meagan look back at the tv as she slowly start to get undress . int . police station - shower - moment later the deputy usher Meagan into the shower . Inside , a naked group of mean , nasty , ugly jail house bitch be shower , wash hairy pit , flabby tattooe skin , and greasy hair . they eye Meagan like the dessert bar at denny 's as she cross to the opposite side , sneaking into a corner . Meagan turn on the shower and drop the towel -- the bitch whistle and catcall . just then , the deputy get call away , leave Meagan to the mercy of the bitch . the head bitch slide over to Meagan and say : head bitch what 's the matter , honey ... you do not like we company ? meagan I like you ... sure . it 's just that I usually shower alone , that 's all . head bitch oh ! so you be shy ? I like them when they be shy ... the head bitch grab at Meagan , who resist . but this bitch be big and tough and hold Meagan by the wrist as she try to kiss she . the other bitch laugh . head bitch ( continue ) do not fight it , baby ! you know you want I ... Meagan scratch the head bitch 's face . she back off scream , wiping blood from she face . then she spit , reach down ( below the frame line ) and produce a shiv . head bitch ( continue ) if you will not give I a piece then I will just cut one for myself ... the head bitch move in . Meagan take a cautious step back , bump into tile -- nowhere to go . she hold up she hand . meagan wait a second ... I do not mean to do that ... I be sorry . it 's just that you come on a little strong , that 's all . just give I a little time to adjust to my new surroundings ... the head bitch stop , curious . head bitch be you say you want I now ? meagan yes ... I want you . head bitch prove it . Meagan come up to the woman , raise she arm . in a flash , the head bitch have the shiv to Meagan 's jugular -- a warning . Meagan carefully put she arm around the bitch and kiss she full on the mouth . after a long , uncomfortable moment , they break . the head bitch smile . head bitch ( continue ) now that 's more like it ! ( to the other ) hey , this bitch be alright ! the other bitch smile as the head bitch slip she arm around Meagan 's waist and pull she tight . head bitch ( continue ) you be okay , honey ... what 's you name ? meagan Meagan . head bitch so ... what be you in for , Meagan ? meagan ( sniffles a little ) oh , my friend ... head bitch the bitch that die last night ? meagan ( start to cry ) yeah ... they say she have some disease that make she ... explode ! oh , God ! please hold I ! the head bitch hold Meagan tight as she sob , smoothing she hair . the other bitch share a look of concern as one ask : bitch # 1 what 's this bullshit about some killer funk make you explode ? head bitch ( to Meagan ) easy ... honey . it 's goin ' be alright . but what I ask you be why you be in here ? meagan oh ... well ... the cop ? well , they think I give it to she ... the head bitch suddenly spring back as if Meagan be Satan himself . she run for the other bitch but they be not have anything to do with she . all the bitch race for the exit . the deputy come to the shower room doorway and shout : deputy what the hell be all the scream about ?! wham ! -- the bitch run she over , stripping the key from she belt . they unlock the cellblock door and go run into the police station , scream butt-nake . after the bitch exit , Meagan 's hand reach out and drag the unconscious deputy into the shower . int . police station - next second the bitch come run butt -nake and scream through the station . several deputy chase after they , tackle they and try to cuff they . a brawl ensue . Chaos . murdoch sit on a desk , read a report . he look up at the madness and mutter : murdoch punk ... int . police station - shower - moment later a deputy enter the shower and see a naked woman on top of a deputy , they arm lock in a struggle . the deputy crack the naked woman in the back of the head with she baton and she fall to the side , revealing Meagan -- now dress in the deputy 's uniform -- lay on the shower floor . the deputy realize she mistake too late -- Meagan spray she in the face with mace and she sink to she knee , scream and clutching she face . Meagan leap to she foot , grab a towel to hold over she face ( as if she have a break nose ) and start to exit . on she way out , Meagan be pass by several deputy charge into the shower to restore order . she gesture they on , then slip into a emergency exit to freedom . ext . police station - continuous action Meagan exit the station just as a patrol car pull up . she reach in and grab the junior trooper , pull he out . then she slip behind the wheel and roar off . the junior trooper call after she : junior trooper hey , that 's Captain murdoch 's car ! CUT to : int . studio - same time the cultist surround reverend lovejoy as he nervously shake he head , say : reverend lovejoy I will not do it ! it 's a sin ! blasphemy ! one of the cultist put a gun to Mrs. lovejoy 's head . cultist wedding or funeral ... you choice . the reverend swallow and say : reverend lovejoy and who would be the bride ? lizzy be bring forth . the cultist take she arm and inject she with the dream dope . lizzy 's head lull around as she chant softly : lizzy one ... two ... freddy 's come for you . the rest of the cultist shoot up -- pass the needle from one to another . lizzy ( continue ) Three ... four ... better lock you door . the good reverend watch this with a lump in he throat . he shudder and ask : reverend lovejoy and the groom . cultist he 's come ... lizzy be almost asleep . lizzy five ... six ... grab you crucifix ... the neon cross behind the podium begin to flicker . then with a sharp SNAP of electricity , the cross fall over , turn upside down . it hang there for a instant then -- pow ! -- the cross explode , catch the curtain on FIRE . as the flame consume the curtain , a hole in reality appear -- a dreamgate . freddy come spring out , leaping in front of the podium . he laugh and turn to lizzy , asleep on the bench . freddy that 's for the lift sister ! ( to the cultist ) hiya , kid ! cultist ( in unison ) hiya , freddy ! freddy ready to get hitched ? cultist ready , freddy ! freddy then let 's do it ! lizzy look up and smile . lizzy I love you , freddy ... CUT to : int . police station - afternoon a deputy come up to murdoch and say : deputy we find you patrol car , Captain . it be abandon near a local religious station . murdoch Religious station ? be there a padre there ? deputy yes , sir . reverend lovejoy broad - cast out of that location . murdoch so that 's where they be hide . CUT to : int . studio - same time lizzy and freddy stand before reverend lovejoy . reverend lovejoy ... and if there be anyone among you who have any reason why this two should not be join in holy ... freddy hold up a finger -- " ah - ah " . reverend lovejoy ( continue ) ... in matrimony . let they speak now ... ( under he breath ) ... please God ... ( aloud ) ... or forever hold they peace . wham ! -- Meagan burst in . meagan stop ! everyone turn and look as Meagan come to the pulpit . meagan ( continue ; to freddy ) take I , freddy . take I instead . freddy you be a virgin ?! meagan oh , that 's right -- tell everybody ! freddy move close to Meagan , run a blade over and around Meagan 's neck as she struggle to remain calm . freddy mmmmmmm ! yes , you be a bit juicier than you retard sister ... okay , you have get the job . ( to cultist ) get she ready . ext . RELIGIOUS tv station - night outside , the cultist surround the outside of the station watch as dozen of police vehicle swarm to the fence . murdoch and the s.w.a.t. commander get out of the lead car . murdoch pick up he bullhorn and say : murdoch ( through bullhorn ) this be Captain Renton murdoch -- State trooper . I be give you until the count of three to come out with you hand up ... a cultist sniper fire a shot at murdoch , the bullet hit smashing the emergency light atop he car . the other cop duck down , but not murdoch , he turn calmly to the s.w.a.t. commander and say : murdoch ( continue ) Hand I that flare pistol . the commander give the flare gun to murdoch , add : s.w.a.t. commander good idea . throw a little light on they -- see if we can spot they fire position ... as the commander speak , murdoch aim the pistol carefully and fire . phoomph ! -- the flare streak to the roof of the tv station , smacking the sniper . he burst into flame and tumble to the ground , scream . murdoch hand the flare gun back to the commander , go back on the bullhorn and say : murdoch ( through bullhorn ) alright , now I be through play " nice guy " -- I want the rest of you punk to come out right now with you hand up . the cultist respond by fill the air with hot lead -- bullet hit riddle the cop car , smashing glass and piercing metal . the cop FIRE back , bullet hit exploding all along the side of the tv station . int . studio - next moment the cultist bare Meagan 's arm and inject she with dream dope . she take she place at the threshold beside freddy . ext . RELIGIOUS tv station - same time as the battle outside between the cultist and the cop rage , murdoch and the s.w.a.t. commander squat down behind a fender to reload . s.w.a.t. commander well , it do not look like they be go to surrender . murdoch what we be go to need then be somebody to charge they line -- make a hole for we to slip in . s.w.a.t. commander where be you go to find anyone that crazy ? just then , a ambulance come roaring through the police line , cause the cop to scurry like mouse . murdoch here come one now ... ( yell ) go git ' em , son ! murdoch squint to see who 's drive ... it 's Jason ! erwin smile and wave to murdoch through the passenger side window as the ambulance zoom past . murdoch curse , draw he pistol and shoot after the ambulance . the other cop join in a moment later , bullet hit sparking off the back of the ambulance as it crash through the front gate . Inside the ambulance , erwin hazard a glance back at the cop , then he turn to Jason and say : erwin that be easy enough ... erwin look ahead and scream . angle through windshield as three cultist stand directly in front of the speed ambulance , firing machine gun . the glass explode just as erwin duck down . two cultist suddenly scatter as Jason ram the ambulance into the middle one just before plow into the side of the station with a crash . erwin push down he airbag just in time to see a cultist close in with a gun . he reach through the smashed windshield and grab the squash cultist 's machine gun lay on the hood . erwin turn , shoot the cultist just in time . as Jason kick open the driver 's side door he be greet by two cultist shoot at he . Jason rip off the driver 's side door and hurl it at the two punk , knock they down like bowl pin . then Jason reach back into the ambulance , pull out the jaw of life and , with erwin cover he back , start towards the front door . int . studio - same time the wedding proceed ... reverend lovejoy once again ... if there be anyone among you who do not want this two people to be join ... let he speak now or forever hold he peace . Meagan look around ... no one say anything . the reverend clear he throat to continue when ... wham ! -- the studio door fly open and Jason appear in the doorway hold the jaw of life . freddy uh , oh ... the cultist attack Jason . Jason grab the first one with the jaw of life -- fold he in half like a rag doll . another attack with a machete ... bad idea . one more cultist down and now Jason own the machete . Jason finish off the last two cultist as erwin barricade the studio door . the cultist on the other side start pounding . Jason start swinging at freddy with the machete , slice through a camera cable . close on cable as it fall to the floor . freddy jump back through the dreamgate , close it behind he . erwin run over to Meagan and lizzy . he try to wake they but can not . as Jason lumber over , erwin look up and say : erwin I can not wake they up . freddy 's get they trap ! erwin think for a moment , then rush over to a couple of dead cultist . he take they syringe . erwin jab Jason in the neck with two syringe full of dream dope . erwin ( continue ) go get he , boy ! Jason stagger forward , fall into ... int . nightmare arena - continuous action Jason fall into a box arena . the rope be entrail and atop each corner post be mount a human head . the spectator be all demon , monster , and the live dead . Jason look over at he opponent -- dress in box short , shoe , and glove -- it 's freddy . Jason raise he arm and find he too be wear box glove . ted bundy step into the ring . ted bundy ( into microphone ) lady and gentleman ... welcome to the fight of the century ! I be you ring announcer ... Ted Bundy ! bang ! -- a bullet hole appear in Ted 's forehead , blowing he brain out the back . he fall over dead and the crowd cheer . Ted sit up and pull the wig back over he shave head and electric burn as he call into the balcony : ted bundy ( continue ) verrrrrry funny , oswald ! angle in balcony -- oswald stand , he rifle still smoking . oswald ( angry ; defensive ) it be not I ! Ted Bundy get to he foot and finish the intro : ted bundy in my leave corner , weigh in at only ninety seven pound ... the nightmare master himself ! the one ! the only ... freddddddddy kruuuuuuugerrrrrr !!! freddy hold up he arm and the crowd go wild . ted bundy ( continue ) and on my right ... weigh in at a whopping four hundred and thir - teen pound ... that killer of countless teenager ... the big guy ... ( gesture to Jason ) Jason voorhee ! cheer and boos . ted bundy ( continue ) and the prize tonight ... not one but two -- count them -- two virgin ... ripe for the pick . Ted gesture to a large cage suspend over the arena . Inside -- Meagan and lizzy clutch eachother . ted bundy ( continue ) hey , have one now and save the other for the ride home . that 's what I do . laughter from the crowd . meagan kick he ass , Jason ! ding ! -- the bell sound . the first round begin ... freddy start towards Jason , cock he glove for a blow when -- ch - ching ! -- knife blade jut out of the glove . he punch Jason in the stomach and start ripping he open , rotten gut spilling out . Jason spot a cocktail waitress walk past with a axe in she head . this be bloody mary . Jason reach over the side of the ring and pull the axe out of she head . bloody Mary whip around , yell : bloody mary hey ! Jason swing with the axe -- sh - wack ! -- Jason slice off freddy 's arm . the crowd roar . freddy look down at the open armpit , gushing with rotten blood , and shrug : freddy oh , well ... I just axed for that ! freddy grow a new arm , complete with glove of knife . Jason throw the axe at freddy , who duck it . the axe fly into the audience , smacking mussolini square between the eye . he fall back to the floor . hitler turn to eva braun and say disdainfully : hitler peasant ... ding ! the bell sound . freddy and Jason break , go into they respective corner . as Jason sit down in he corner , the human head mount on he corner post start in : human head that 's it , kiddo ! you be really give it to he out there ! use the leave more -- jab ! make he hurt ! that 's the ticket to a knockout ! up in she cage , Meagan clutches a terrife lizzy . int . studio - same time erwin watch Jason sleep as the cultist bang down the studio door . int . nightmare arena - next moment ding ! the bell sound again and round two begin . freddy and Jason get to they foot and close in on each other . Jason swing wide . freddy duck under Jason 's massive fist just as the referee step in for a close look . whump -- Jason knock the ref 's head off , it go fly up into the balcony . the crowd cheer . Jason chase freddy around the ring , look for a open . freddy backpeddle , trip over the ref 's decapitate body as several hungry Zombies drag he out of the ring , ripping he body apart and devouring it . up in they cage , Meagan and lizzy grimace with disgust . Jason reach down and grab freddy , hoist he high above he head . then Jason body slam freddy to the mat . the crowd cheer . Jason start jump up and down on freddy 's back . freddy reach into he shirt and bring out a rusty can of spinach . in a grotesque parody of popeye he open the can -- full of nasty worm and maggot -- and gulp it down . suddenly , freddy throw Jason off he back and stand , huge muscle balloon on he chest and arm . at the end of he right hand -- a heavy metal box glove . Jason get to he foot in time to see freddy cock the massive glove for a blow . ching ! -- dozen of spike spring out of the metal glove . freddy swing , knock Jason into the rope . he bounce off and fall to the mat . the fan go nut . as Jason try to get up , freddy swing he right arm around and around -- the metal box glove turn into a giant mallet . Jason look up just in time to see the mallet come down . wham ! -- freddy drive Jason into the mat . the crowd go wild . &gt ; from up in she cage , Meagan start to scream : meagan Jason ! get up ! get up ! angle under the mat -- it 's a dark , forebode ( under - water ) abyss . Jason 's leg kick , try to get back up . something slither up from out of the deep ... wisp of empty blackness clutching at Jason 's boot . freddy push down on Jason 's mask , shove he down . Jason struggle but keep slip . this look like the end of Jason . freddy laugh . meagan ( continue ) Jason ! you have get to get up ! jason be p.o.v. of freddy look down at he , push he down ... drown he ... flash CUT to : ext . camp crystal lake - 1953 - day young jason p.o.v. as he be be drown . he fight to get to the surface ... to see ... who it be ... Young Jason break the surface for a instant and he killer come into sharp focus . it 's freddy ( age 13 ) . his Camp Crystal Lake nametag read : hi! my name be freddy ! he push the young Jason down again , laugh . hard CUT to : int . nightmare arena - next instant freddy push Jason down into the abyss below the mat ... laugh , when Jason snap . with a burst of strength he kick upward , come up out of the mat . Jason grab freddy by the throat and seize he up with he . Jason 's momentum carry both of they up to the ceiling , where they crash through to ... int . studio - continuous action Jason " wake up " , hold freddy by the throat as he bang he head into the lighting gridwork above the studio . a light explode and freddy cry in pain ... then realize , he 's be bring into the real world . freddy oh , shit ! Jason throw freddy to the ground , then raise up a boot and stomp freddy 's head , squashing it like a tomato . the dream demon squirt out . just then , the cultist break down the studio door . they raise they weapon to fire , when they head suddenly implode . they fall scream to the floor -- dead . ext . RELIGIOUS tv station - night - same instant the remain cultist shoot it out with the police suddenly grab they head , scream . they head implode and they fall to the ground . murdoch see this and say to the s.w.a.t. commander : murdoch now 's my chance ... give I sixty second to get in there then move in . before the commander can reply , murdoch be off and run into the station . int . studio - same time Meagan and lizzy come out of they sleep - like trance and embrace . then Meagan look up at erwin . meagan what take you so long ?! erwin gesture to Jason , try to keep he voice low so as to not hurt the big guy 's feeling . erwin what ever you do ... do not let this guy drive . Meagan smile at Jason . meagan I know you would come ... Jason and Meagan look over to where freddy 's body be fast decaye ... turn back into blacken bone , scrap of cloth , and a rusting glove of knife . the dream demon squirm around on the studio floor , then swim into the open end of the camera cable and disappear . in the control room , freddy 's face appear on every monitor , laugh . erwin oh , no ! freddy 's in the transmitter ! erwin watch as a electrical freddy -impulse race from the control room via a long thick cable run overhead . erwin ( continue ) he 's go for the satellite dish ! if he uplink with a communication satellite he can beam himself any - where in the world ! we will never be rid of he ! Meagan and Jason look up at the freddy -impulse shoot past they , go through the ceiling to the ... ext . RELIGIOUS tv station - roof - continuous action the satellite dish mount on the roof . it begin to pulsate with a olive and red glow -- get ready to beam freddy . int . studio - same time Meagan reach up and grab the cable , pull it hard . ext . roof - continuous action the roof give way , tilting the big dish just as it blast the laugh freddy - beam into the night sky . ext . earthas upper atmosphere - next instant the freddy - beam just miss the satellite , ricochete off one of the solar panel and send the satellite tumble into deep space . the deflect freddy - beam now zoom towards the sun . Inside the beam -- freddy see the sun zoom up and scream . his face burn away , leave a scream skull . that too burn away , leave the dream demon . one by one they burn up as the beam reach the sun . angle on the SUN as the beam explode , cause a solar prominence . int . tv station - studio - same time the ceiling collapse in on Jason , bury he under a ton of rubble and the big antenna dish . a ton of dust billow up . just then , murdoch burst in . he see lizzy and Meagan and take aim with the shotgun . erwin see this and jump in - between they , yell : erwin no! wait ! murdoch fire . the shotgun blast knock erwin across the room , where he land in a heap . Meagan and lizzy run to he side . erwin struggle to breathe -- a large hole in he chest . with fade strength , erwin pull he pin out and prick himself . erwin smile and die . meagan erwin ? erwin ?! murdoch he 's dead ... and so be you if you do not put you hand up right now ! lizzy turn and attack murdoch . he knock she to the floor , take aim on she head with the shotgun as he say : murdoch ( continue ) it 's time I teach you girl some respect for the law ! in a panic , Meagan snatch up a pistol from a fall cultist and fire it at murdoch 's head . ptt -twang ! -- murdoch 's hat go fly off with a spark hit , revealing he bald , hideous head -- a large open wound with a metal plate underneath . he turn towards Meagan with a evil grin on he face . murdoch ( continue ) so ... you wanna be a punk ? murdoch raise the shotgun , take aim on Meagan . murdoch ( continue ) then die like a punk ! murdoch start to squeeze the trigger when Jason 's hand shoot out of the rubble pile behind he . Jason jam he hand down the back of murdoch 's pants and pull up he brief , lift he a foot off the floor with a Jason - wedgy as he rise from the rubble . we see murdoch 's name write into he short . as murdoch scream , Jason jerk the shotgun from he hand and jam it up he ass -- right through the seat of he pants . murdoch 's cheek bulge out as the muzzle slam into the roof of he mouth . Jason cock the shotgun and ... boom ! -- murdoch 's head and shoulder explode from he torso , leave he break spine stick up out of shirt . bit of murdoch splatter the floor as he metal plate come pinging down , roll around and spin to a stop like a hubcap . Jason drop murdoch ( what 's leave of he ) to the floor just as the s.w.a.t. commander and he man come charge in . they see Jason and raise they gun in panic . meagan no ! too late . the cop let loose with a barrage of gun - FIRE . bullet hit explode on Jason 's chest . Meagan grab lizzy and cover she up as the bullet whizz past . more cop hear the shoot and come run . they start shoot too . soon the doorway to the studio be crowded with muzzle flash . more and more bullet hit smack Jason . a bullet hole outline appear on the wall behind he . the cop start run out of ammo and a cry go up , " more ammo ! more ammo ! " . various insert of cop go for hideout pistol , open they trunk and take out ammo can , pass the weapon and ammo up the staircase to the cop in the studio . Jason keep get shot . piece of he be fly off . finger shot off of a hand . a knee shot away to reveal the bone . dozen of bullet hit go off of he chest and head . finally , the cop start to run out of ammo . the shoot subside and finally grind to a stop , leave the cop knee-high in brass and a thick layer of gunsmoke in the room . as it clear , Jason still stand . he teeter a little , then fall backwards with a mighty thud . Jason lay die . Meagan rush to he side . Jason reach into one of the giant hole in he chest and pull something out -- jesse 's heart . Jason hand the heart to Meagan . then Jason 's head roll back -- he 's dead . Meagan begin weep as we pull up out of the studio , revealing she surround by Jason , freddy , and murdoch . dissolve to : int . liziy' room - night Meagan tuck lizzy into she bed . she give she the raggedy Ann doll and kiss she goodnight . as Meagan turn out the light , lizzy ask : lizzy you forget to check under the bed . Meagan cluck and bend down , peer under the bed -- nada . meagan no monster here . lizzy but what if they come back ? meagan then we will just have to kick they ass again . lizzy giggle . lizzy I love you , Meagan . meagan I love you too . go to sleep . int . meagan' house - continuous action as Meagan cross to she room , she parent call up to she from the bottom of the staircase . meagan' dad Meagan ? Meagan look down at she parent . meagan yes , dad ? meagan' dad you mom and I ... well , we want to thank you for save you sister 's life ... we know you go through a lot . meagan' mom we be go to be there for you from now on ... for both of you ! and that nice lawyer we hire for you say he think he can get all the charge drop ... except maybe for the grave robbing and human desecration one . meagan' dad everything be go to be fine . meagan I know ... meagan' mom and I be go to get sober ... meagan' dad we be go to be a normal , happy family again . meagan I know ... meagan be mom goodnight , sweetheart . meagan goodnight mom ... goodnight dad . meagan' dad goodnight , Meagan . int . meagan be room - night Meagan be ready for bed , draw back the cover , when the phone ring . she pick it up . meagan hello ? freddy ( filter ) I will be see you in you dream ... freddy 's nasty tongue slither out of the handset and lick Meagan in the face . she yelp and slam the phone down . meagan ( sigh ) I know ... Meagan put the phone in a drawer and close it . she climb into bed and pull back the pillow to reveal the pistol erwin give jesse to kill freddy . she smile and put the pistol back under the pillow . blackness : the phone ring . roll end credit : then ... at the very end ... CUT to : int . nightmare arena - same time Ted Bundy and all the spectator be look up at the hole in the ceiling that Jason and freddy make when they go back to reality ... wait . finally , somebody say : monster I do not think they be come back . ted bundy okay , folk ... show 's over . every - body can go home now . all the monster get grumble and start to exit . CUT to : black ... now it 's over . the end