fade in : int . DC - 10 airliner - night jacob johnson be sleep . it do not look like a pleasant experience . he be sixteen , dirty blonde , he eye visibly move under close lid as he sit huddle under a blanket in he window seat . the light be dim -- the shade on the window close -- a bead of sweat dribble down he forehead . the humming of the jet 's engine vibrate through the cabin . the boy 's eye snap open . Jacob glance around nervously . he look like a escape convict who just accidentally walk into the policeman 's Ball . a greyhaired man two seat away from he give the teenager a cursory glance , then go back to he book . Jacob lay he head back and try to relax . the engine continue to drine . until a new noise start . a whooshing noise . the sound be very faint . but distinct from everything else . Jacob frown . the noise get louder . Jacob 's sure he 's hearing it now . he look at the greyhaire man . the man catch he eye and the two of they stare at each other for a heartbeat - then Jacob turn away . the man return to he book . and Jacob immediately turn back to he . jacob do you hear that ? the man give he a annoyed look as the whooshing get louder . greyhaired man hear what ? jacob that noise . greyhaired man I do not hear anything . the man turn back to the book as the sound get even louder - - like it 's come closer . Jacob squirm in he seat -- sneak a look at the man again . how can he not hear that ? a stewardess walk by and Jacob catch she attention . jacob Excuse I . stewardess yes ? the whooshing be completely obvious now . the greyhaire man try to ignore the two people talk over he . jacob what be that sound ? stewardess that 's just the engine , sir . jacob no , it 's different . it 's not the engine . it 's get louder . the man sigh -- the stewardess smile patronizingly . stewardess we be just gain altitude to get above some rough weather . that 's the sound of the engine speed up a bit . everything 's fine . jacob um...okay . the stewardess walk away as Jacob sit back and start to bite he nail . the whoosh be really start to blare now . he look between the seat in front of he -- twist around to look behind . he snap back to the greyhaire man . jacob ( cont would ) can not you hear that ? greyhaired man ( lose patience ) look , kid . will you relax ? it 's just the damn engine , okay ? the man glare at he , and Jacob back off . the sound have grow deafening . Jacob grind he seat like he 's go mad . he look at the close window . he reach out he hand , grab the handle then rip up the shade for all to see : a 747 come right at US . Jacob scream . the plane crash . Impact - decompression - explosion . the hull of the cabin buckle violently - moan like a die elephant - peel inward revealing red and GREEN striping on the outside . a huge wing section rip through the structure - barely miss Jacob - take the greyhaire man 's head clean off - nail the stewardess in the gut and shove she body across and out the other side of the cabin . and Jacob 's seat drop down - send he and we into : ext . sky - night like a intricate ballet , Jacob , he body strapped to he chair , tumble away from the DC - 10 and 747 as they seem to merge and bend into some kind of mutant DC - 47 - wing and tail wrapping around each other as debris bloom out like a flower and together they explode - a fiery ball lighting the nighttime cloud and Jacob 's shriek face . and Jacob fall and fall and fall , he hair stick straight up from the blast wind . that 's when corpse start fall past he . the captain of the plane - the stewardess , she body bent in half - the greyhaire man , he head go but he book still in he hand . more man , woman , crew people - and child . but this child be not dead body . two little girl and one little boy , all dress in white , plummet down next to Jacob , head first , like high diver . and they be sing : the child one two , freddy 's come for you ... the child turn around in the sky so that they be travel foot first . the Little Boy 's pants puff up and the Girls ' skirt poof out and rip upward - the wind take away they clothes and they skin and they body and they hair ... the child ( cont would ) Three four , better lock you door ... leave three tiny skeleton - taunting and laugh as Jacob scream and cover he eye . the child ( cont would ) five six , grab you crucifix ... and the skeleton sprout wing - leathery and veiny - the wind catch they and send they up and away as they voice echo in the sky . the child ( cont would ) Seven eight , gonna stay up late ... Jacob take he hand away from he face and start to frantically pull on he seat belt . SNAP - it fly off he back and miraculously turn into a parachute . rope swirl into the air - the wind grab the canvas - and Jacob 's body slow with a violent jerk . but at least he 's not fall anymore . Jacob catch he breath as he start gently float through the sky . he smile . this be not so bad . this be actually kind of fun . not for long , though , because he new upward momentum carry he back up to : the winge child 's skeleton . Jacob 's eye bug out as he rise into they and they start to circle . they move closer and we can see something in they hand : scissor Jacob twist he body , try to steer he parachute away from the demon . one of the skeleton swoops up to he face and poke its scissors inch away from Jacob 's eye . it sing alone : child nine ten , never sleep again ! the skeleton crank its arm back - ready to plunge the scissor 's blade into Jacob 's socket . the arm swing toward he - then suddenly divert up past he head , head for : the chute string the skeleton flap its wing and poise its scissors at one of the rope . the other two skeleton join it over Jacob 's head . the three of they look down at Jacob , they boney jaw in a perpetual smile . jacob no ! the skeleton nod " yes " . snip - snip - snip - they cut away at Jacob 's parachute as he swing underneath they , try to pull away - snip - snip . the parachute flutter away - the skeleton cackle - and Jacob plummet . on jacob we stay with he as he scream and shriek and yell and the cloud part and the ground rise quickly up to meet he . the ground become a town , the town become a block , the block become a house , the house become a roof , and ... int . jacob be bedroom - night ka-blam ! the ceiling explode as Jacob 's body plow through , slam down , shatter the bed , and we immediately : CUT to : int . jacob be bedroom - morning Jacob 's eye blast open as he sit up from bed in a cold sweat . a dream . the worst fuck dream from hell anyone would ever want to have -- but still just a dream . he take a few deep breath as a soft knock be hear at the door . jacob yeah .. alice johnson open the door and stick she head in . she 's thirty - two , blonde , with a caring smile . alice you okay , honey ? jacob yeah , Mom . I be fine . alice alright . better get cooking or you will be late for school . jacob on my way . Alice close the door as Jacob get out of bed and stretch . sunlight be leak through the bedroom window shade and Jacob walk over to it . he reach out and pull up the shade . and there 's nothing buy sky . Jacob frown and poke he head out the window . jacob be Pov - the ground be once again racing up towards we at seven- thousand mile a hour . the entire house be fall . back in the bedroom Jacob leap away from the window . the winged skeleton reappear outside -- dance in the air -- cackle with glee . the bedroom start to shake violently as Jacob stumble into the center . the roof start cave in and the wall begin to crumble . angle straight down on jacob . Jacob grab he head , look up at we , and scream . we suddenly stay where we be as the house drop down and we punch out through the roof and we shot become a : angle straight down on the house as it fall away towards the ground . we watch as it become a small dot - and finally impact on the surface . a mushroom cloud of smoke silently puff out in the distance below ext . town - night - at the crater smoke and dust whirl around a huge hole in the earth . splinter shred of lumber stick up in the air like giant toothpick . some of the toothpick start to move . Jacob rise out of the destruction , char , scrape , batter and , unfortunately , alive . he climb up to the edge of the crater . he look back a the remnant of he home . then something start to happen . something he grow from the crater - spread out . it 's not a cloud , it 's not smoke - it 's a darkness . even though it 's night , this darkness be darker . it creep out from the hole - finger of blackness reach out . what it cover do not disappear . it become gloomy . the shroud be get bigger . and it 's get faster . Jacob run . with jacob - running he bolt down the street of the small town in a blind panic . he look behind he and see the darkness get bigger , its gloominess cover house . then whole block . everything it touch seem to fall deeper into shadow . at the STREET corner Jacob come across a woman walk she dog . he stop and yell at she . jacob get the hell out of here ! it 's come ! woman what 's come ? Jacob point down the street . the shroud be swoop down the road - brown out street light in its wake . and the woman do not find anything threaten about this . Jacob scream at she . jacob do not you see it ? woman see what ? and it 's obvious now : she do not see anything . the woman be totally oblivious to the danger . Jacob shake he head -- stumble away . the woman watch he go as the darkness pass over her . she sigh . and begin to mutate . her hair get scraggly , she skin burst out in sore , she back grow a hump -- all of which she doesn 't seem to notice . she just shrug she twisted shoulder . woman ( cont would ) kid ... watcha gonna do ? she hobble away with she dog - which now have six leg and two head . back with jacob - running like a bat run from hell , he tear through the street pass building that turn creepy and people that become passively accept monster . a voice boom out from nowhere . freddy ( o.s. ) Jacob ! you be too old to run away from home ! Jacob cover he ear and race out of town . ext . highway - night Jacob fall onto the desert road just outside of town . he roll on the asphalt and look behind he . most of the town be cover in a opaque gloom . suddenly a cackling sound be hear and Jacob turn to its source : he Pov : the springwood sign the town can still be see behind it -- the darkness over almost all of it now . the sign read : welcome to springwood . population ... and the number after the word " population " be change . they be count backward , clatter away like a old - time gas pump in reverse - faster and faster - blur as the " thousand " digit disappear , then the " hundred " , then " ten " , then ... clink - the count stop at " 1 " . springwood be entirely engulf in the shroud . there be a pause . crash - the sign be violently yanked into the ground . it vanish into the earth and a crack appear at the edge of the road . the crack grow - move out to the center of the highway . back on the STREET Jacob watch the crack as it split wider in the middle of the street and a gurgling sound start to build . the tar in front of Jacob become molten . it bubbles and pop . Jacob scramble backwards as something begin to rise from boil asphalt . it 's a hat . the hat , a fedora to be precise , push itself up . a leave hand - burn and scar - poke out next to it . four sharp blade jut out of the muck on the other side . a head be up now - a curtain of tar drip from the rim of the hat - hide the face . the body beneath the head ascend . the veil of asphalt part : it 's freddy krueger . Jacob scream . freddy laugh . he shake off he layer of tar and look towards the cloud town of springwood . a look of pure hatred appear on he rag face . freddy payback time ... freddy open he mouth - let out a large breath - and then inhales a even larger one . a windstorm start , the source be krueger 's own lung . the gale force begin to yank at the shroud surround springwood . finger of darkness pull up from the town and towards freddy 's mouth -- and house begin to dissolve . freddy continue to inhale like he 's never go to stop . krueger be suck the black gloom into he body - and the entire town of springwood be go with it . tree , building , car , picket fence . it 's all crumble and fusing , become a part of t cloud that itself be catch in the nightmarish wind tunnel , all pile into freddy 's mouth . the vortex swirl into krueger . then it 's go . nothing but a vacant lot the size of a town remain . freddy turn to Jacob and burp , it sound like a thunderclap . jacob no ! freddy do not worry , I have a strong stomach . freddy reach down and yank up he red and green sweater . he pull apart he putrid abdomen to reveal he gut - and a transparent stomach . Inside the stomach : a black swirl mass . flashes of house , people , home , couple , all trap in horrible anguish . freddy drop down he sweater . freddy ( cont would ) springwood be mine , boy ! jacob I dream you away before I be bear ! Mom say you could not come back ! freddy be that true ? then she tell you all about I , huh ? let 's see what else she have to say . freddy reach he leave hand into the bubbling tar at he foot , dig around a bit , then pull out : alice . Jacob 's mother . tar drip down she body . krueger have she by the neck , wave he blade in front of she . Jacob get up and run toward he . freddy pull a foot up from the asphalt pit and kick Jacob back a good fifteen foot . alice run , Jacob ! the boy roll painful on the hard road . he sit up and scream : jacob leave she alone ! freddy you be such a momma 's boy ! freddy swing he knife out , pause for a terrifying beat , then swoops the dagger towards Alice . close on jacob as off screen we hear a horrible multiple glitch ! Jacob shriek in gut - wrenching anguish . wide on scene we be far enough away so that we do not barf at the sight but close enough to see that freddy have impale Alice 's body on he blade . he lift she up effortlessly and raise she limp figure right over he head . krueger swing he arm out , shaking off Alice , send she fly over Jacob 's head . the body land behind he . on jacob as he run to he mother . she vanish just as he reach out to touch she bloody body . he turn to krueger and raise he fist . a look of sheer rage be grow in he , blind , insane anger . he bellow : jacob you fucker ! freddy springwood be only the beginning . all I need from you be a ride ! suddenly , between Jacob and freddy , three shaft of light burst up from the road . Three figure appear as the light dissipate . they be dress in metallic black , heavy boot , helmet with dark visor cover they face . one be large and muscular . the one in the center have a obviously feminine figure under she skin-tight outfit . the third be a little smaller than the other two with a slightly different face that allow we to see he mouth . they be the dream police . Jacob do not know this yet , but freddy seem to . the bastard son of a hundred maniac frown at the sight of this new apparition . then he look past they and smile at Jacob . freddy ( cont would ) see ya later ! freddy violently drop down into the bubbling asphalt pit . two of the black figure start after he . the third one turn to Jacob as he partner leap into the hole after freddy . the sound from he expose mouth be deafening ! SOUND cop wake up ! Jacob grab he ear in pain as we suddenly : CUT to : ext . highway - day Jacob 's eye snap open so fast he socket suffer whiplash . he 's lie smack in the middle of the road tuck in a fetal position . Jacob slowly uncurl he body and sit up . he shiver and wipe he sweaty forehead - and that 's when he notice something in he hand . insert : jacob be hand it 's a bracelet , a simple band of gold with a larger plate in the middle , like a id band . Jacob 's finger turn the plate over . printed on the other side be the name of the bracelet 's former owner : alice . Jacob have a souvenir . back to jacob he raise he face and look at the road in front of he . it go off into the distance surround on both side by empty field . this be where springwood use to be . a look of anguish cross Jacob 's face as he stare at the desolation . jacob Mom ... honk ! screech ! Jacob whip he head around in time to see a huge move van blast right at he . he roll off to the side of the road . the truck barely miss he , kick up a cloud of dust in its wake . Jacob choke on the dust . he slowly recover and look back down at the bracelet in he hand . he clenches he fist around it as a wild - eye angry look start to grow on he . he take a few deep breath , then stand up and walk out of frame . angle down the highway we can see a pickup truck in the distance . Jacob 's hand enter frame , thumb stick out , he mother 's bracelet dangle from he wrist . the pickup truck start to slow down . ext . rosedale - day a sprawling little community with pleasant street and cheerful house . it look a lot like springwood , the only real difference be that it actually exist . it also have a sign : welcome to rosedale . population : 8,786 a volkswagon bus drive past the sign and stop a couple of block down the road from we . Jacob step out of the passenger side and wearily wave he ride goodbye . he shuffles into town . close on yet another sign it read : drug addict not welcome to rosedale ! the sign pull away to reveal a middle - age man with a angry expression : mr. hopkin mr. hopkin clean up you act somewhere else ! he walk along as we pull back to see ext . rosedale foster home - day it 's a nice - look two -story house in the middle of a usually quiet neighborhood . today the home be surround by about a dozen townsfolk carry picket sign : no halfway house in our neighborhood ! , don't lower our property value ! , and go back to juvenile hall ! the crowd mumble amongst itself , occasionally burst out with a chant in protest . on jacob we catch he walk down the sidewalk . he tramp along with he hand stuff in he pocket and he eye on the pavement . he look like he have not sleep in day . the sound of the crowd ahead of he finally grab he attention . Jacob approach the disturbance and come across a young girl stand behind a bush hold a bag of groceries . she be karen miller , dark hair , sixteen , very pretty , but with a faraway look in she eye . Jacob stand next to she and stare at the crowd like a zombie . she do not turn to look at he as he speak : jacob what 's go on ? karen free speech . the right of assembly . jacob what be this place ? karen it 's a home . a foster home . for teenager . it 's where you go when thing get bad . it 's the place to figure out what to do next . it 's a home for kid that no one else want . ( beat ) it 's my home . Karen have not look at Jacob once . she suddenly seem to steel herself and walk away from the bush , towards the house . Jacob be befuddle . jacob oh ... he stand there and watch . in front of the house Karen quickly make she way into the crowd of people , head up , eye stare forward . the crowd part ever so slightly as the irk townsfolk start to heat up . they have a actual human to vent they anger on now . Mr. hopkins lay in on she as she pass he . mr. hopkin why can not you find somewhere else to shack up ? Karen turn to he , still walk , flustered and hurt . karen what have we ever do to you ? mr. hopkin nothing ... yet . Karen turn quickly away from he and trip over a sprinkler head . her grocery tumble onto the grass . a hand reach down to help she . it 's Jacob 's . he quietly help she re-bag she grocery as Mr. hopkins loom above they . both angry and embarrassed now . mr. hopkin ( cont would ) look , we have be here for year . this be a quiet street . we would just like to keep it that way . Jacob can not take this guy anymore . he stand up and face the older man with a scowl . jacob lighten up , mister . mr. hopkin ( smirk ) and what gutter do you crawl out from , kid ? ( frown ) we do not want you kind here . jacob my kind ? what kind be that ? mr. hopkin drug addict . dope pusher . we have stand up and take charge . jacob swell . I have just get a couple of question for you ... do you love you parent ? mr. hopkin of course I do ... jacob be they alive ? mr. hopkin my mother be . jacob what 's it like ? Jacob stare at hopkins . he do not answer . he just huff and puff as Karen grab Jacob and pull he up to the front porch of the home , then into the floor . int . foster home - front hallway - day Karen slam the door and take a deep breath . karen asshole . jacob I can think of a stronger word . be you okay ? karen yeah . thanks . I be Karen . jacob Jacob . Jacob suddenly get a little light - head and have to use a wall to hold himself up . Karen look concerned . karen be you okay ? jacob yeah . I just have not have much to eat lately . karen then come help I unpack . she smile and lead he further into the house . int . foster home - kitchen - day Jacob be feverishly eat a sandwich at the table while Karen finish put the rest of the food away . karen I guess the sandwich be alright , huh ? jacob it 's incredible . best I have ever have . karen you be not from around here , be you ? jacob no . I have be on the road for a couple of day . karen do you need a place to stay ? footstep be hear from below and a couple in they mid - thirty enter from the basement door . they be david and mary ross , both greasy and frustrated . mary so , we have to get it fix . david we do not have the money to get it fix . they both start wash up at the sink , not really notice the teenager in the room . Karen speak up . karen what 's wrong ? david we plumbing have a bad case of harden of the artery . who 's you friend ? David give Jacob a wary glance as the boy stand shakily . karen this be Jacob . jacob Jacob Johnson . david David Ross . my wife , Mary . karen they run this house . they be help I and three other id get a foot in reality before they kick we out of the nest to make room for the next batch . David be look out the window at the now dissipate crowd . he let out a weary sigh . david if there be a next batch . I see the welcome wagon be back . be there any trouble ? karen a little . Jacob come to my rescue . mary ( pleasant ) where you from , Jacob ? jacob springwood . mary springwood ? where 's that ? jacob upstate about a hundred mile . david ( suspicious ) I know this state like the back of my hand . I have never hear of springwood . there be a uncomfortable pause . then Karen suddenly break in . karen Jacob 's a little down on he luck . I tell he he could stay here a few day . Jacob give here a surprised look . mary be you parent in springwood ? jacob my father die before I be bear . my mother , she 's dead , too . david you have a legal guardian ? jacob no . david be in any state or federal program ? jacob no . karen just for a little while . so he can get he bearing . david get any id ? Jacob reach for he back pocket - it 's empty . he shake he head " no " . mary ( to David ) I think we can help he out , honey . the budget 's tight , but we can not turn down someone in need . David do not acknowledge he wife , he just stare at Jacob sternly . Karen bite she nail . then David sit down and start to lecture . david okay . you get three , maybe four day to rest up while we try and find a more permanent arrangement for you . but he be not go to be a free ride . we be part of a community summer work project and eighty percent of the money you make go to the house . everybody work - and that include you . be you on drug ? jacob no . david good . if I catch anything stronger then a aspirin on you , you be outta here . no argument . you get that straight ? jacob yes , sir . david okay . dinner in two hour . why do not you go meet the rest of the gang . karen thanks , David . mary I will go fix up the spare bed in wesley 's room . David get up . he give Jacob a final once -over . david and take a shower , for chrissake . David leave the room . Karen give Jacob a huge grin . int . foster home - the tv room - day Karen lead Jacob into the room . there be two teenager on the couch : wesley be a fifteen - year old , curly hair , kind of small . gina be also fifteen , brunette hair , seem pretty happy . karen hey , guy , I get someone for you to meet . this be Jacob . Jacob , this be wesley and gina . jacob hi. wesley welcome to fun central . karen he 's go to be stay with we for a while . gina oh yeah ? how would you get through the blockade ? another kid , scott , pop into the room . he 's sixteen , dark hair , with a tough - guy I could give a shit attitude . he do not seem to care about anybody in the room , except for Karen . scott hey , beautiful . how 's it go ? karen hi , Scott . Scott notice Jacob and frown . Karen be a little annoyed . scott who 's barney rubble ? karen this be Jacob Johnson . he 's a new resident . at least temporarily . scott he better not be rooming with I . I value my privacy . karen no , I believe that honor go to wesley . wesley good . I could use the company . scott so what 's you story ? divorce ? custody battle ? you parent just plain asshole ? jacob they be dead . karen mellow out , Scott . give he a chance to settle in . scott just curious . Scott reach into he shirt pocket and pull out a pack of cigarettes . as he light one up , wesley 's cheerful attitude suddenly turn grim . he get up from the couch and quickly leave the room . Karen give Scott a angry look . jacob be he alright ? scott he will be fine . he just have a problem with cigarettes . gina his parent use to use they as a sick kind of discipline . that 's why he 's here . jacob if you know that , then why do you smoke in front of he ? scott it 's not my problem . this really piss Jacob off . this two be not go to get along very well . jacob just what be you problem , then ? scott I take care of my problem . that 's why I 'm here . Scott let out a aloof puff of smoke and leave . Jacob give Karen a confuse glance . karen his dad use to beat he . one day he could not take it any more . jacob what happen ? karen he kill he with he father 's gun . self -defense . Jacob sit down on the couch and let that sink in . gina scootches away from he on the couch , then give he a glum look . gina everyone here have a fun tale to tell . be not that right , Karen ? Karen be stare out the window . she have that space - out expression we see before when she be hide behind the bush . karen yeah . right . no one have anything leave to say . gina turn the sound on the tv back up as the three sad kid start to watch cartoon . int . foster home - the tv room - night Jacob be alone in the dark watch some kind of nick at night b&w sit-com re-run . a cheerful family lovingly banter away on the flicker tube . Jacob just stare blankly . Karen sleepily show up at the doorway in a long tee-shirt with a glass of milk . karen why do not you go to bed ? jacob I can not sleep . karen you need to talk ? jacob no. I be fine . thanks . Karen give he a worried look and head off to bed . Jacob continue watch tv with a creepy glean in he tired eye . int . old warehouse - day the kid be here clean up the building . the guy throw rotted lumber into trash bin while the girl sweep up . we catch Jacob and Scott toss some debris into a wheelbarrow . Jacob look pretty rag . scott come on . let 's hop to it . gotta make way for that new indoor tennis court . the fate of the world lie in the balance . okay , this load 's full . Jacob grab the handle of the wheelbarrow and shakily pick it up . Scott sneer . scott ( cont would ) you get that ? jacob yeah , no problem . scott I do not know . maybe you should think about switch to de - caf or something . Jacob ignore he and push the wheelbarrow along . Scott take some time off to smoke a cigarette . he spot Karen across the room bend over with a dustbin . Scott linger on this view for a long time . at a dumpster Jacob pull up with the wheelbarrow and start to unload the junk . gina be next to the dumpster sweeping . she try to push a large crate aside by herself , but slip and fall . Jacob jump over to she , reach out , and grab she arm to help she up . jacob you okay ? gina scream . gina no ! yes ! let go of I ! she shake off he grip and he jump back . she run away with a wild look in she eye as Karen step up to a confuse Jacob . karen she do not like to be touch . jacob no shit ! karen do not take it personally . it 's not she fault . jacob what happen to she ? karen her mother be a hooker . she force gina to carry on the tradition . when she be thirteen ... jacob Jesus . Jacob look off at gina with genuine concern . Karen give he the same expression . karen you look terrible . jacob ( smile ) thanks . karen I be sorry ... I just wish you would tell I what happen to you , that 's all . jacob I can not talk about it right now . I will tell you later . I promise . karen okay . why do not you sit and rest for a bit . the supervisor 's not around . you look like you could use it . jacob I think I will . he give she a gentle squeeze on the forearm , and Karen like it . Jacob spot a pile of wood next to a wall and head off for it . on scott he 's watch the entire interchange between Jacob and Karen , and he doesn 't like it . with jacob as he go around the stack of lumber and sit down face the brick wall . he let out a heavy sigh and stare at the inside of the building . jacob be Pov - the brick wall sit there quietly for a few beat until : it explode brick fly out at we as a gape hole blow into the wall revealing nothing but blackness and we shot move through : dream flash - nightmare springwood horrify apparition and image zoom by we . gloomy building under a pitch black sky . mutant and twisted monster . shadowy street and dark alleyway . and five razor -blade finger suddenly rip right through the sky and down upon we as a voice ring out . voice hey , you ! int . warehouse - day - on jacob Jacob 's eye be close as a supervisor loom above he . supervisor no slack off . back to work . the boy 's eye snap open and he jump to he foot like a babbling crazy man . jacob what ! Jesus fuck ... oh , shit ! supervisor whoa ! get a grip , boy . the supervisor back off from Jacob as he slowly get use to reality again . jacob huh ? what 's go on ? supervisor nothing . that 's the problem . now that you have get you beauty rest , let 's see if you can change it , okay ? Jacob calm down and nod . he walk away , snatching a nervous glance at the perfectly normal brick wall . ext . foster home - night we watch as various light window go dark and the resident of the house go to bed . int . wesley & jacob' bedroom - night wesley be get in bed . Jacob be sit in a chair stare out the window . wes switch off the light and turn to Jacob . wesley be not you go to bed ? jacob I be not tired . wesley bullshit . if you look any more tired , you would be dead . Jacob crack a weary smile in the darkness . jacob that 's right . wesley you gotta sleep , man . jacob why ? who say ? you know , people do not even really know why we sleep . they have not find any physical reason for it . wesley but they do know that you go nut if you do not . jacob shark do not sleep . they can not pump water through they gill on they own . they have to always keep move . if they stop , they can not breath . if they go to sleep , they die . wesley you be not a shark . jacob I know . I be just a kid . do not worry about I , wes . go to sleep . wesley shake he head and get under the cover . Jacob continue to stare out the window , desperately try to keep he eye open . jacob be Pov - through window the tree sway quietly in the breeze outside . there be a pause . then we be suddenly pulled through the window , smashing glass , careen back into : dream flash - nightmare springwood we sail through the gloomy air , over the creepy building . and suddenly dip down , right for the street , and end up cruising three inch off the asphalt , really rip down the road until we grind to a sudden halt . right in front of : freddy feet . we shot tilt up . freddy loom above we and grin . freddy you can not stay awake forever , boy ! he laugh , he mouth gape wide , and then split open impossibly wider . something start pour out of he mouth , right at we . hundred of giant bug spew down upon we , cover we completely as everything go to black and we : int . wesley & jacob' bedroom - night on jacob he eye be open , he mouth be hang in a silent scream . it look like he head be about to explode . he lift he hand up to he face . he 's hold a eight - inch long monster bug . Jacob scream out loud this time , toss the mutant insect away . it land on a windowsill and escape out the open . Jacob jump to he foot , send he chair tumble backwards with a crash . he shake and moan , a little drool drip down he chin . wesley sit up with a start and stare at Jacob . wesley I tell you you would go nut ! Jacob catch he breath , give wes a dead serious look . jacob get everybody else . I have to tell they something . wesley in the middle of the night ? jacob I mean it ! wesley be shocked by Jacob 's manic state and jump out of bed . int . foster home - tv room - night five kid be gather around the room in various stage of sleepy grumpiness and annoyed disbelief . Jacob pace back and forth . scott I do not get it . be this guy alive or dead ? jacob he 's neither . he haunt you dream and if he kill you , you die for real . wesley , the most gullible of the group , look pretty scared . wesley I have not dream of he . I have nightmare like you would not believe , but never of this guy . scott that 's because this all rate a eleven on the bullshit meter ! I do not know why we have to listen to this crap . you be scare the hell out of wes here . gina keep you voice down . scott it do not matter . the Ross 's sleep like rock , which be what we all should be do . jacob I know this sound crazy , but I swear it 's true . I go to bed one night and wake up in the middle of the road . freddy krueger kill my mother , blast my whole town into he nightmare , and , worst of all , I think he want to use I to kill more kid and bring more town into he world . karen how ? jacob I be not sure . I think I be some kind of carrier . he 's somehow inside I and as soon as I fall deep enough into sleep he will be let loose . you guy be great to take I in . I just do not want to thank you by get you all kill . Scott get up and go to a desk . he pull out a map and show it to Jacob . scott okay . show I springwood . Jacob look at the map and point . scott ( cont would ) there 's nothing there . jacob that 's what I have be try to tell you . scott there 's never be a town there . jacob that 's how you see it . I be part of the nightmare , so I be the only one who notice the difference . Scott stare at Jacob . he actually grow sympathetic . scott look , Jacob . you do not have to convince we that nightmare be real . everybody in this room have be through one . and some of we be still live it . but the thing be , we know it 's just in we head now . it can be just as bad as the real thing be , but it 's still only a memory . it can not hurt we physically , unless we do the hurt ourselves . gina and we do not want to see you get hurt . wesley we know it get crazy . and we will help out the best we can . scott but this be just too hard to believe . Jacob plop down on the couch , defeat . he hang he head while the kid start to get up . wesley give he a pat on the back as he , Scott , and gina leave . but Karen be still here . she sit next to a window with a faraway look in she eye . Jacob look up at she . jacob you do not believe I , either , do you ? karen I do not know . jacob why be you still here ? karen I be not sure . I guess , I guess I see a lot of I in you . jacob feel good to see someone more fuck up than yourself , huh ? Karen smile and sit down next to he . karen yeah . that must be it . jacob but you have not tell I why you be here at this place . karen I can not talk about it right now . maybe later . do you want I to stay with you ? jacob yeah , that would be great . do not let I sleep , okay ? karen I will do my best . she reach for the remote control and flick on the tv , move a little closer to Jacob when she sit back into the couch . the two of they watch the screen with glassy eye . karen ( cont would ) thank God for cable tv . jacob yeah . thank god. they continue to watch in silence as Karen take hold of Jacob 's hand . int . foster home - the tv room - morning we be on karen as she sleep curl up on the couch . Jacob be in the background put on he shoe . he have a brown paper bag with he . Jacob get up , grab he bag , and step over to Karen . he gently pull a lock of hair away from she face . then he head for the front door . ext . foster home - front porch - day Jacob walk out the door and close it behind he . he cross to the porch step and stop . he have to hold onto a porch column just to keep stand . Karen appear behind he . Jacob jump a bit . karen where be you go ? jacob I be leave . karen why ? jacob he can not hurt you if I be go . maybe I will go to the desert or something . I will lie down in the middle of nowhere and finally get some sleep . krueger can feed of the dream of snake and vulture . karen Fine . you be just go to take off then ... Karen have a angry expression on he face . Jacob give she a pain look . jacob do not do this to I . I be just try to protect you and the other . karen right . you blow into town and then blow right out . terrific . jacob I do not understand why you be so mad at I . karen you just do not get it , do you ? jacob get what ? Karen , though still very angry , look like she 's about to cry . Jacob , confuse , sit down on the porch step . jacob ( cont would ) maybe I be crazy . karen running away do not help . he sigh and smile a bit . jacob and you be go to convince I , huh ? karen maybe . this time Karen smile . Jacob look at she and sigh . then he yawn . karen ( cont would ) I be go to make some coffee . you promise not to move ? jacob yeah . sure . Karen jump and head back into the house . Jacob stare at the grass in front of he , he eye heavy . jacob be Pov - the lawn a bush sit there do nothing . until it suddenly come to life . its leave start to shrivel , the lawn turn brown , the sky turn dark . everything change and turn into dream flash - nightmare springwood we be in a different front yard in a different town , in a different dimension . the mutant bush start to change , sprout leg , grow arm , become human . alice her body take shape as she reach out a plead arm to we . alice Jacob ! help I ! she 's fully form now . and freddy burst out from the ground behind she . he grab Alice , reach he knife arm around alice ( cont would ) no-o-o-o-o! her word be cut off as krueger jam he blade in she gut and we re-live she death once more . but it 's even worse this time . blood pour from Alice like a burst fire hydrant , spraying and shower the entire nightmare lawn like a human sprinkler . freddy laugh . freddy say it , do not spray it , huh , Jacob ? come and join the fun ! jacob ( o.s. ) nooooooo ! Jacob 's voice rip through the scene as everything start to blur red . ext . foster home - front lawn - day Jacob be lie in the grass , violently shaking . Karen drop down next to he . karen Jacob ! jacob nooooo ! his body jerk around as if catch in the throes of a epileptic seizure . he shriek , ignore Karen completely , and continue to shriek and scream and yell and shake . like he 's never go to stop . ext . mr. hopkin ' front door - day we be directly across the street from the Foster Home as Jacob 's cry echo through the neighborhood . Mr. hopkins open the front door . he see what 's go on , scowl , and yell into he house . mr. hopkin I tell you ! it 's a overdose ! Jesus Christ , I see this come . call 9-1-1 ! he watch the commotion grow across the street , and never once move to help . ext . foster home - moment later Jacob be be strapped into a stretcher , babbling incoherently . the resident of the Foster Home stand off to the side while neighbor gawk from the street . Karen be next to the ambulance guy look frantic . jacob no ! do not let they take I ! karen Jacob , it will be alright . ambulance guy # 1 calm down , kid . we will take care of you . Jacob grab the ambulance guy . jacob you do not understand ! let I go ! the ambulance guy strap Jacob 's arm down . Mr. Ross grab Karen and pull she away as they start load the craze teenager into the ambulance . Scott shake he head . wesley look terrify . gina keep she distance from any human . Karen can not take it and run into the house . Mr. Ross frown . david this be just what we need . the ambulance drive away as the gather crowd stare at the kid angrily . int . ambulance - day Jacob yell and struggle as a ambulance guy prepare a syringe for injection . jacob do not fuck put I under ! you will set he free ! the ambulance guy hold Jacob down and slam the needle home . Jacob scream and he eye start to glass over . jacob ( cont would ) he will kill they all ... Jacob 's head start to go limp . a voice ring out in the van , a voice only Jacob hear : freddy ( o.s. ) every town as a elm Street ! laughter echoe as Jacob turn he head towards a window . ext . a STREET corner - day the ambulance zoom by . all be quiet for a second until crash ! a twisted rusty sign post erupt out of the sidewalk and settles at a ugly angle . it 's a elm ST. sign . int . ambulance - day we pull back from a wide awake Jacob , who be now suddenly alone in the van . outside the window there be only darkness . Jacob twist and struggle on the stretcher as clang ! the ambulance door crash open revealing blackness and ka - boom ! the stretcher be shot out of the van like a cannonball . int . warehouse - day the stretcher with Jacob blast through a wall and start to race across the floor of the building that Jacob have be sweeping up the day before . it careen along , actually take a few turn , like it have a mind of its own , head for a shallow pit in the middle of the warehouse . the stretcher hit the pit , drop a bit , swing up violently , and stop in a vertical position like a rake that have be step on and a black human shape shoot out of Jacob 's body from intertial force , stay upright as it slide across the floor , spin , stop , then change into : freddy krueger freddy have he hand on he hip and a grin on he face . freddy thanks for the lift , kid ! he saunter up to Jacob who be still strapped to the vertical stretcher . krueger wave he knife and wiggle he tongue . jacob what do you want from I ? freddy I already get it ! the rest I be go to get from you new little friend . jacob leave they alone ! freddy it 's my duty to clean up the neighborhood ! jacob what have you do with my town ? freddy aw , poor baby 's homesick , be not he ? do not worry . we will all be one happy family soon . wanna be the first recruit ? freddy raise he blade and swing . the strap around Jacob drop away as he body fall to the floor . he scramble to he foot and start to run . freddy laugh with jacob - running as he head for a door . before he get there , the door swing open and freddy lean casually in he way . freddy ( cont would ) what 's the matter ? do not want to be part of my expansion project ? Jacob turn right around and race back across the warehouse . at the dumpster Jacob race around to the other side and there 's krueger again . freddy ( cont would ) today , rosedale . tomorrow , the world ! jacob over my dead body ! freddy as you wish . freddy crank up he knife and loom over Jacob . and three flash of light blast out behind the boy . Jacob roll away as freddy hold up a arm to block the blind glare . the light fade . the dream police have arrive . we will call the small one SOUND cop . he stand there motionless as a loud and horrible growing noise emanate from he clench tooth . this guy 's bark be worse than he bite . the female in black be blade cop . from nowhere she produce two nasty - look knife , one in each hand . she spin the blade in the air like a expert samurai . the large one we will call power cop . he reach out for the dumpster , and with one hand send it tumble away with a crash . freddy frown . freddy ( cont would ) uh oh . too many parking ticket . the dream Police fan out around krueger , surround he . power cop leap at freddy , grab he and toss he in the air . freddy tumble , roll and bounce right back up on he foot . right next to blade . she swing she knife . freddy dodge . swing hi own blade at she . she duck . freddy spin again . right towards : SOUND cop . the short man in black open he mouth and a sound like a foghorn at a rock concert blare out . the force of it hit freddy like a fist . freddy bounce back . and once again he nimbly pop up . he glare at the dream Police . freddy ( cont would ) do not interfere ! blade cop we have to . SOUND cop it 's we job . freddy get a new one . and freddy start to spin . slowly at first , then faster and faster , until he image start to blur . the Police circle the whirling image , hold back to see what will happen next . krueger stop spin . and he clothes be different . his red and green stripe have be replace by black and white one . there be a number print across he chest . he 's dress like a convict . freddy grin . freddy ( cont would ) time to blow this joint . boom ! a hole be suddenly blow in the high ceiling above krueger . the building be suddenly fill with the beam of move spotlight and the sound of blast siren . a rope fall down through the hole . freddy grab it and whoosh ! he 's yank up . freddy ( cont would ) you will never get I , copper ! and away he 's go . after a few second the spotlight fade away and the siren die . the dream Police look up seemingly unsure of they next action . then power cop kick a pile of lumber , send wood fly dozen of yard away . power cop goddamnit ! sound cop shake he head . blade look frustrated . Jacob step up behind they . jacob alright ... just who the hell be you guy ? the black - clad trio turn around in unison and look at Jacob . there be a pause . then : blade cop we be the dream Police . Jacob almost laugh . jacob the what ? power cop the dream Police . do not you hear she , man ? power cop turn to sound cop and flip up he visor revealing he face . he 's a sixteen - year old black boy . heavyset feature , sweat drip down he cheek . he 's kincaid from nightmare 3 . and he 's piss . power cop ( cont would ) we try and save this guy 's ass and then he go off and cop a attitude . sound cop flip up he helmet . he 's joey , the former mute boy . SOUND cop I think you be the wrong guy to talk about attitude . blade cop guy , guy . this be get we nowhere . she take she helmet completely off , long dark hair tumble over she shoulder . it 's taryn , the ex-junkie . this three , they be the dream Warrior . or at least they use to be . jacob hello ? May I butt in here and ask some more stupid question ? the three of they stop bicker and turn to Jacob . blade walk up to Jacob . her two partner assume position behind she . blade cop we do not know much more than you do . what we do know be that we have be recruit ... jacob by who ? SOUND cop we do not know . jacob why ? blade cop I think that 's obvious . power cop the shit 's about to hit the fan . SOUND cop krueger 's discover new power . blade cop he 's rip a hole between dream and reality . power cop we own power have be amplify . SOUND cop we only hope it will be enough . blade cop but we be go to need you help . jacob I ? what can I do ? just who be you guy ... really ? blade put she helmet back on . her face turn grim . blade cop we be like you . we fight freddy krueger many year ago . we soul be release from he grip . no we be back to try again . all three of they drop they visor down at the same time . jacob I still do not understand what ... Jacob 's voice start to garble . he keep try to talk but the word come out twisted and clipped . he raise a hand to he throat . the hand be transparent . Jacob look at he body as it slowly start to disappear and now he 's completely mute . SOUND cop freddy krueger can not hurt we anymore . power cop because we be already dead . Jacob vanish completely . int . hospital room - night Jacob open he eye . he 's in bed , dress in a white smock . a doctor stand next to he with a clipboard in hand . jacob what 's go on ? doctor just relax , everything 's fine . jacob that 's what you say ... doctor you be lucky you be here instead of juvenile hall . you put up quite a fight . but you be clean . no trace of drug or alcohol in you blood . jacob I could have tell you that . Jacob start get out of bed . doctor hold on there . jacob you say I be fine . I have to get back . my friend be in trouble . doctor I say you be not on drug , but I never say you be fine . you be suffer from extreme fatigue and stress that manifest itself into one hell of a anxiety attack . at least that 's what we hope it be . you have a major seizure , Jacob . jacob you do not understand . this whole town be in danger . doctor we be keep you here for observation . you be not go anywhere tonight . jacob you can not do that . you do not have the right ! doctor yes we do . you temporary guardian , Mr. Ross , sign all the papers . if you be okay in the morning we might let you go home . until then , you be bed bound . jacob but ... doctor we take off the restraint . do you want we to put they back on ? Jacob drop back in bed . the doctor go to the door and turn out the light . david sleep . he close the door behind he ... jacob shit ... and we hear it lock CUT to : a craze lunatic suddenly scream into the lens with desperation . Dark circle under bloodshot eye , hair matte with sweat . a guy not have a good day . we pull back to reveal : the man be tightly bound in a regulation straight - jacket in a tiny , claustrophobic hold cell . we can now tell that the image be in black and white . we continue pulling back int . foster home - tv room - night gina sit on the couch with a stark white blanket on she lap , watch a b&w 1940 's potboiler with something less than enthusiasm . wesley appear in the doorway , check out the source of the scream . he look at gina , who toss the blanket aside and rise , frown . the lunatic on television continue he blood - curdle shriek . gina Nice movie , huh ? and I come in here to mellow out . she smile at wes as she exit . gina ( cont would ) it 's all yours . wesley murmur a goodnight , then look back at the screen : on the tv some orderly enter the lunatic 's cell and attempt to sedate he as he thrashes violently , scream bloody murder . it be gritty and awful but somehow riveting . wesley move to the couch , clearly mesmerize by the scene . he curl up , absently pull the white blanket around he as he watch : on the tv the orderly in the movie manage to get the needle into they patient , who moan and sob pathetically . orderly on tv relax , will ya , buddy ? everything 's gonna be just swell . the second orderly lean on a wall and pull out a pack of cigarettes from the pocket of he scrub . ( he bear a suspicious resemblance to ROBERT englund . ) wesley vaguely tense at this and absently pull the blanket more tightly around he to compensate , like a cocoon . on the tv the second orderly smile . second orderly yeah , mac . you have just have a hard day , that 's all . the orderly produce a pack of match . he go to the lunatic on the cot , and light the match off the guy 's forehead . as the match flare , the lunatic scream . close on wesley he shut he eye tensely as the SOUND be magnify , become a sudden roar that fill the room . wesley blink he eye open , look around from he blanket cocoon . whatever that last sound be , it do not come from the tv . bead of sweat line he upper lip as he nervously glance about the room . it remain quiet , serene . decide it be he imagination reacting to the scene on tv , wesley nestle back on the couch , lay down now as the camera move to reveal the carpet at the edge of the room be bunched up as though the wall of the room itself have budge a few inch inward . back on the tv the second orderly light he cigarette as he hand the pack to the first . they both look down at the madman as they savor they cigarettes . orderly on tv you hear the man , wesley . just relax . have a smoke with we . wesley 's brow furrow , reacting to the coincidence . then he stiffen as the two orderly in the movie begin to hold the light cigarettes over the lunatic 's face second orderly yeah , wesley . have a smoke . our wesley have see about enough of this movie . he start to get up wesley fuck this . but find that he can not move . the white blanket around he restrain he tightly like the straight - jacket on tv . he squirm and struggle . wesley ( cont would ) hey . he struggle harder now , but to no avail . he 's wrap tight , like a cigarette . on the tv the two orderly torment the straight - jackete lunatic , poke he face with they light cigarettes . as the lunatic scream , the scream become magnify , again become that loud , deafen roar we hear before . wesley squirm in he blanket / straight - jacket , he jerk he head around , seeing with each of the man 's scream , the wall of the room shudder inward and wesley 's eye widen with horror as he realize not only be he trapped like a sardine in he stark white blanket , but the wall of the room be start to close in on he . he spin back to the tv set , where : the first orderly be now look at US . wesley react as he notice something familiar about the man 's face . first orderly relax , wesley . wesley dad ? the second orderly bolt into view . he have become freddy krueger . freddy yeah , wesley . everything 's gonna be great ! just have a smoke on we ! as they hold they smoke out toward US , they arm protrude from the tv set with they light cigarettes . wesley scream and jerk he head away from tv and he hit the floor with a ugly thump . the wind knock out of he . he roll . the couch be gone . as he squirm and struggle to escape he white cocoon , the frighten boy look around and see that everything in the room - furniture , carpet , tv , even the door - be all go , leave just the white wall slowly close in on he . then we see that on the floor all around wesley be long , cylindrical white object . clearly , they resemble giant cigarettes , and wesley - wrap neck - to - toe in he white blanket cocoon - look just like one of they . he continue to squirm and scream as the wall close in from all side -- closer -- closer -- push the long white thing toward he , around he , bunching they together until they be in a tight cluster , as the room crunch in tightly , block whatever light source there be , until all wesley can do be scream one last time , and the screen go black . after a few beat , we hear a huge , deafen ripping SOUND , and a new light source appear as wesley look up , eye wide with unspeakable horror as the giant , scar face of freddy loom over he , grin , and we : int . foster home - tv room the room be back to normal , but not the occupant . freddy krueger now stand here alone . he have just peel the wrapper off a pack of cigarettes of which wesley have become one . freddy do not daddy ever tell you what the surgeon General say ...? krueger reach in and pull the tiny wesley out of the pack . as before , wesley be immobile , helpless . freddy hold he between two finger . freddy ( cont would ) smoke 's bad for you health ! freddy look around , as if search for something , then beam as he reach into the air and ... freddy ( cont would ) ah ! a match make in heaven ! he produce a puny version of wesley's father in one hand . his body be straight and rigid , like a match stick . freddy place he thumb on the stiff man 's head , and flick he thumbnail , cause the man 's skull to burst into flame , a evil grin span wesley 's Father 's face . he bring the Father - Match to what would be wesley 's tiny foot , and light the end . very close on freddy hand wesley scream as freddy toss the father -match and bring the teenager 's little head up to he fire - scar lip . the boy be envelop by the massive crack open as freddy take a huge drag off of wesley 's head . where he foot should be , the tip of the wesley - cig glow red , cause wesley to scream with supernatural pain . smoke billow from freddy 's nose and mouth . he savor it . freddy ( cont would ) ahhhh ! now we be smokin ' ! he cackle horribly as he continue to suck on the wesley - cig. with each puff , wesley 's white - wrap body become slat - black ash . freddy ( cont would ) what 's you sign , wesley ? it would not be Cancer , would it ? in between he demonic cackle , freddy drag on the wesley - cig , each puff turn more of wesley into ash until all but he head be black and char . freddy hold the wesley - cig out , poise to tap the ash loose . freddy ( cont would ) now say the secret word and you know what you will win ... wesley go to hell ! freddy grin . freddy right ... and he tap the wesley -cig with he finger . the ash immediately fall , sifting in the air as wesley 's head - char and black at the neck where it 's be separate - fall loose . wesley scream . wesley noooooooo ! and he severe head fall and fall and fall . int . foster home - tv room - the next day we start on wesley's body . eye close , head normal and everything from the neck down char mass of burnt torso , shrivel limb , all wrap in the scorched blanket . zip . a body bag hide this ghastly image from we as we pull back . a FIRE marshall and a cop be talk at the doorway in the background . the coroner be here , a world weary see - it- all older guy , with he nervous assistant who 's never see anything like this . they whisper they conversation as they lift the body bag onto a stretcher . assistant I do not get it . the couch be barely scorched . and how can he burn from just the neck down ? coroner it happen . assistant it happen ? that 's you explanation ? coroner I have see worse . we follow they as they push the stretcher towards the doorway . assistant what ? what worse ? coroner never mind . we shot stop at the doorway with the fire Marshall and cop while the wigge - out assistant 's voice trail off outside . assistant no . I wanna know . really . what could be worse than ... FIRE marshall you know what the gossip rag be go to say ? spontaneous human combustion . cop what 's that ? FIRE marshall that 's where body be suppose to go up in smoke for no reason . it 's all psychic bullshit . what really happen be call the candle effect . a tiny fire get start , usually from a cigarette . it slowly smolder through the blanket and clothes until the skin start to actually bake . the body fat begin to melt and liquefy , fueling the fire like a slow burn candle . it take hour , but it 's real . the cop make some note . behind they we see Scott , Karen and gina . the girl have be cry , and even tough - guy Scott look pretty screw up by all this . the cop nod . cop he fall asleep while smoking . what a waste . the kid shoot unbely look at each other as the two man walk off . scott that 's impossible . Scott and Karen head for the front door . ext . foster home - day a coroner 's van , a fire chief 's car and the now familiar mob of suspicious neighbor be gather around the front of the house as the stretcher with wesley 's body be put away . a small van mark rosedale general hospital pull up and Jacob jump out of it . Jacob 's face turn grim as a tearful Karen run up to he , Scott follow . jacob who ? karen wes ... jacob oh my God . it 's start . scott he fuck burn alive . karen they say he fall asleep smoking . scott and we all know that can not be . jacob I already tell you how it would happen . Mr. Ross appear behind the three teenager , a waste look on he face . scott do not start with that shit . jacob it 's not shit . david c'mon , kid . everyone inside . now . David lead they back to the house as the coroner 's van pull away . int . kitchen - day Jacob , Scott , Karen and gina stand around in various state of utter shock as David try to console they . david we have to be strong . he put a arm around Karen and reach out to put the other one around gina , but pull away at the last minute when she start to flinch . david ( cont would ) we need to pull together and help each other . Mrs. Ross be upstairs in bed . she 's pretty mess up . we need to help she deal with this . scott he would never touch a cigarette . you know that . david we do not know anything until the authority be finish with they investigation . in the mean time , no work for tomorrow - three day weekend . but Monday , it 's back on the job . Jacob be not cover in we health plan and he little stint at the hospital cost we a bundle . we have to work together or we might lose this place . okay ? the kid all nod , but not convincingly . they care more about wesley than the house . int . wesley & jacob' bedroom - day Jacob close the door . all the kid be here . gina absentmindedly play with some of wesley 's thing . jacob when I be put under , freddy be release . I know this because I dream it . scott and that dream be real ? jacob yes . wesley be he first victim . scott aw , man ... jacob you say it yourself . how could it have be a cigarette ? karen and how could he ... dire that way and not wake up ? gina ( mockingly ) maybe the " authority " will figure it out . scott I be sorry . I just can not buy into this . jacob call I crazy ... but I think he 's after rosedale . the whole place . in my dream he say something about need a few soul to get the job do . I think he have to kill in order to get the power to suck in a new town . scott you be crazy . jacob thank you . there 's more . there be ... other people in there . in the nightmare . karen like he ? jacob no. different . there be three of they . they be dress in black . they have power like freddy , but they seem to be on we side . karen who be they ? jacob well , you gotta hang in there with I on this one . they call themselves ... the dream Police . Scott actually laugh . scott this be too much . gina you mean ... like cop ? jacob I guess . karen where be they from ? jacob they be kid that freddy kill year ago . they do not even know how they get there . but they be somehow patrol dreamworld to put a stop to krueger . scott then why have not this guy do the job already ? jacob they say they need help . I do not know what or why ... yet . scott I can tell you who need help . jacob hey , I be try to save all of we . scott I will not believe it until I see it . Jacob be crush that he 's not get through to they . jacob by then it will be too late . it be too late for wesley . the kid stare emptily at wesley 's earthly possession . ext . foster home - front porch - night Jacob and Karen sit on the step . across the street we can see window curtain part as Mr. hopkins sneak a wary peek . karen they be go to use all this to shut we down . jacob I know . it 's my fault . karen you go to try to run away again ? jacob it 's too late for that . I have to stay and try and put a stop to it . karen I be sorry . it 's all so hard to accept . jacob I wish I could convince you of the danger you and the other be in . karen I have be in danger before . that I can handle . jacob this be worse than anything you can imagine . karen I would not be so sure about that . come on . let 's go inside . she stand up . int . karen be room - night Jacob and Karen lie in bed , clothes on , cozy . not sexual . she stare at the ceiling while he listen . karen she be great . love . supportive , caring - everything a mom should be . except she have one fatal flow : my father . you see , she be raise at a time when they still have the " obey " part in the wedding vow . he be always jealous . she could not talk to another man without he think she want to go to bed with he . he never hit I . but the thing he do to she ... and she would always just take it . she never fight back . he would get drunk and ... she would tell people she just fall down or something . then one night ... I be thirteen . something happen . my mom suddenly would not take it anymore . something make she say enough be enough . she hit back . tat only make it worse . I watch as he hit she over and over . then he knock she down the stair . she break she neck . and when y father see what he would do - he finally become human . he cry over she body for a while , then go into the garage and blow he brain out with a shotgun . to this day I do not remember what that final straw be . the shrink say I have block it out of my memory . there 's no one else alive who know what really happen . I have dream about it sometimes , but there 's always that blank spot . a miss piece . she stop and close she eye . Jacob close he eye for a second also - feel she pain . different angle Jacob open he eye and touch Karen 's arm . she finally turn to he . jacob I be sorry . karen I know nightmare be real , Jacob . I know . jacob so do my mom . she teach I a lot about dream . karen like what ? jacob she tell I that a lot of people have special dream power . I inherite some from she - and some I have all to myself . she show I how I could link up with other people 's dream - to actually be inside with they . karen that sound wonderful . but ... I do not know ... jacob a little hard to imagine , huh ? karen yeah . I be sorry . jacob I can convince you . karen how ? jacob easy . we be do it now . Jacob smile , get up and walk over to the bedroom door . Karen be confuse . karen what do you mean ? jacob I mean we be dream . you and I . together . he open the bedroom door . and there 's a forest outside . Karen be a little scared at first , totally blow away by what 's happen . but then she stand up and smile . jacob ( cont would ) want to go for a walk ? Karen step up next to he and they walk through the doorway into daylight . ext . forest - day shaft of sunlight filter through as leave flutter down from the tower tree and Jacob and Karen step out of the bedroom door . karen I do not believe it . jacob it 's true . we be really do it . karen but what if I be just dream of you tell I that ? jacob we will compare note when we wake up . then you will know . Karen look around . then she giggle . she like this a lot . Karen suddenly run away into the tree like a excited little girl . Jacob frown . jacob ( cont would ) Karen . wait . he head off after she . amongst the tree Jacob run . Karen jump out from behind a tree and laugh . jacob ( cont would ) you have to be careful . karen do you bring we here on purpose ? can you go anywhere you want ? jacob sometimes . it 's not as easy as link up , though . karen wow , I never know ... she start wander off again . Jacob follow she . karen ( cont would ) you know what I like to do in my dream ? she duck behind a tree . and come out suddenly dress as a sharp businesswoman . Jacob be slightly take aback . karen ( cont would ) I like to be other people ! Jacob grin as she step behind another tree - and a fireman walk out in she place . Jacob be really take aback this time . karen ( cont would ) ( as fireman ) I can be anybody I want . jacob show off . Karen slip past another trunk and come out as a tall voluptuous redhead . karen ( as redhead ) when thing get bad it help to be someone else . I use it to protect myself . the redhead walk seductively towards Jacob . he raise he eyebrow as she slink right up next to he - she ample cleavage inch away from he nose . karen ( cont would ) ( as redhead ) what do you think ? jacob I think I like you the way you always be . he smile . different angle and now Karen be herself again . they be still very close . jacob ( cont would ) much better . they look like they be about to kiss ... but Karen suddenly see something that grab she attention . karen look ! Jacob turn as Karen run over to another door . it 's not the one to the bedroom . it just hang there in space between two tree . karen ( cont would ) I wonder where it go ? she reach for the knob and open it . jacob Karen , no ! but she 's already step through . Jacob run up to the doorway and it slam in he face . Jacob try to open the door . it do not budge . he keep twist the knob to no effect . jacob ( cont would ) Karen ! Jacob start to pound on the door as we : CUT to : int . karen be home - kitchen sixty style decore , appliance that look about twenty - five year old -- not the Foster Home kitchen at all . Karen be stand in the middle of the room , completely disorient . she walk across to a counter top where she find a frame picture . it 's a picture of her , Karen , age thirteen . Karen set the picture down and quickly walk back to the door she come in . int . karen be home - lower hallway Karen step out of she old kitchen expect , hope to be back in the forest again . nope . she blink . then she start to walk down the corridor . more picture on the wall this time . one of a woman and another of a man ( Karen 's mom and dad ) . Karen 's sure of it now . she 's home . the center of she worst nightmare . she creep along to the main stair . and that 's when the noise begin . a thumping from upstairs . a crash , like something hit the floor above . more thumping , repeatedly and then human moaning , the sound of pain . somebody be get beat . karen oh no ... something be twist deep inside the girl . her face go shallow as she slowly shuffles around to the foot of the stair ... and start to climb they . on the stair Karen go up , step by painful step , as the sound of the beat increase in they intensity . every hit seem to touch Karen as she flinch . she 's afraid to go on - but can not seem to stop . int . karen be home - upstair hallway Karen slowly head for a door at the end , nervously reach out for the knob . int . karen' parent bedroom Karen open the door . what she think she be go to see be bad enough - but this be worse : freddy krueger be in the middle of the room . in front of he be a giant human-sized version of a inflatable punch doll , the kind little kid hit that keep bounce back . but the doll do not have the image of a clown on it . it 's a flatten wrap - around version of karen' mother , a pitiful beat - up look on she plastic face . freddy smack the doll - it fall to the floor - and just bounce back up . and now the face on it have a new bruise . thwack ! he hit it again , cackling with glee . swoop , bounce . more bruise develop . krueger look at Karen . freddy welcome to romper room ! bap ! booooing ! the face on the punch doll change again , it 's even sadder now . and it 's look at Karen . karen why be you do this ? freddy do not you remember ? zing ! krueger whip up he finger knife . swoop ! he rip they through the plastic doll . sisssssssss . the doll start to deflate . skreeeeeeeee . the escape air sounding like a human scream . freddy turn to Karen . and a hand reach out from behind she and pull she out of the room . int . karen be home - upstair hallway Jacob pull Karen away from the door and slam it shut . he grab she hand . jacob come on ! they turn to run down the hallway , and it 's change . there be now no door and no stairway . the only way out be the bedroom door they just close . they stop and Jacob turn to Karen . jacob ( cont would ) wake up ! karen what ? jacob you hear I . I say wake up ! karen how ? this be my old house . how do I get here ? he begin to shake she . she be confuse and disorient . a crash be hear at the bedroom door . freddy coming . and Jacob hit Karen . nothing major . it 's a good slap , nonetheless . she stare at he unbelievingly . he whack she again . karen ( cont would ) why be you do this to I ? jacob this be a dream ! you have to get out of here . I be not hurt you , only he can really do that ! wake up now ! slap ! Karen 's get angry . she do not know what she 's suppose to do . ka - blam ! freddy blast through the door in a shower of splinter . he see they and grin . freddy gettin ' kinky , huh ? Jacob turn to Karen , raise he hand . ka - blam ! something blast through the wall across from they . it 's power cop . crash ! the other wall explode . blade appear in the rubble . boom ! a piece of wall fall down at the end of the corridor . SOUND cop step through . Karen look at all this nonsense , then at Jacob . karen I think I get it now . she close she eye and disappear out of Jacob 's hand . the dream police stand in the hallway . freddy just put he hand on he hip and laugh at they . then krueger lay he arm flat on he side , take a deep breath and begin to inflate . his body expands , he clothes and skin stretch and flatten . the bottom half of he get fatter . he turn into a giant freddy punching doll . power cop jump in front of the plastic horror and let loose a devastating swing . pow ! the freddy doll swing back and bounce right up again . pow pow pow pow pow ! the big dream cop pummel away at the krueger toy as it slap back and forth between the floor and he fist until shink ! two knife appear in blade 's hand and swoop . she swing they out . rip ! the freddy doll tear , air blast out in a grate shriek which screech and hiss until it become : freddy 's laugh . the red and green plastic flutter to the ground as the evil guffaw fade away and we : CUT to : int . karen' bedroom - night Karen shake Jacob awake . his eye open . they stare at each other for a few beat , then Karen frown . karen you hit I . jacob be you hurt ? karen um...no . jacob if he have do it , you would be dead . Karen be confuse . she do not know what to make of all this . she look at a clock . it 's late . karen you better get back to you room . we do not want anybody to get the wrong idea . jacob ( smirk ) or the right one ? Karen finally relax . she smile and playfully push he . karen get out of here . Jacob reach under a pillow and pull something out . it 's the frame photo of Karen , age thirteen - from she dream . he hand it to she and she look at it in astonishment . jacob that 's something else my mom teach I . he get up and go to the door , turn back to she . jacob ( cont would ) do not sleep . karen no . not tonight . she hold the picture tightly - stare at it with that faraway eye . int . foster home - upper hallway - night Scott come out of the bathroom in he night clothes , the toilet flush in the b.g . he go into he room , but stop at the doorway when he hear Karen 's door open . Scott duck behind he door as he watch Jacob leave Karen 's room and head for he own . Scott frown . his be not pleased . int . foster home - downstair hallway - day David Ross be sifting through some mail when a heat conversation in the kitchen catch he interest . he stop to listen . in the kitchen Karen be finally convinced , Jacob and Scott be look like they be ready to punch each other , and gina look scared . karen I be tell you , this freddy guy be for real . scott and I be tell you a dream be a dream . karen Jacob be in there with I . scott and where else be he with you last night ? jacob what the hell be that suppose to mean ? karen I have the picture in my room if you want to see it . he bring it out from the nightmare . scott or from you hope chest . I bet you bed be not the only thing he 's be into . karen that picture be destroy year ago . jacob you better watch you mouth , pal . scott I be the last person you want to start fuck with . jacob go ahead and be a tough guy , Scott . krueger will cut you to piece before you can even flex a muscle . gina will you two stop it ! you be scare the shit out of I . karen you should be scared . Mr. Ross enter the room , none too pleased . david alright . what 's go on here ? scott join the fun . Jacob and Karen be just tell we about they new excuse to sleep together . jacob nothing happen between we last night . scott you mean in plain old reality , right ? david okay , everybody . out. Jacob and I be go to have a little talk . now . Scott , gina and Karen grudgingly leave the room . David turn to Jacob . david ( cont would ) you day be numbered here , buster . jacob I be sorry , but ... david hey , I do not know what kind of shit you be shoveling to this kid , but it 's go to stop . my good samaritan instinct have they limit . we have have enough tragedy around this place . we do not need you make thing worse with fantasy . jacob you do not understand david and I want you to stay away from Karen . Jacob start to get defiant . jacob it 's a free country . david this be not America , it 's my house . I have be check up on you . you have no record with the police or the state or any of the runaway group . you be the invisible kid . and if I sense even a little bit more trouble - make from you , you be go to vanish from here . get it ? jacob yes , sir . David catch he breath . he look like he want to say more , but do not have the energy leave . he just walk out of the room leave a frustrated Jacob . ext . foster home - night Mr. and Mrs. Ross be get into they car . the engine start and they drive away . int . jacob be room - night Jacob sit in bed , stare into space . Karen quietly enter the room , carefully shutting the door behind she . she sit down next to he . Jacob look at she with weary eye . jacob you be suppose to be off-limit to I . karen it 's okay . the Ross 's have go to a council meeting and Scott 's in he room . we should be safe for awhile . jacob wonderful . karen Jacob , what be we go to do ? jacob I be go to go to bed soon . karen now you want to sleep ? jacob I have to find the dream Police . I think I be somehow they link to all this . they only seem to appear when I be around . you wake I up before I have a chance to talk to they last night . karen I be sorry . I be scared . jacob you fault . I have to ask they what we be suppose to do to help they . and maybe I can protect gina while I be in there . karen what about Scott ? jacob he 's on he own . karen oh ... jacob I do not mean to be cold , but we have do everything to convince he . gina 's too scared to understand . I think freddy will go after she next . karen what should I do ? jacob you have to stay awake . karen that 's not go to be easy . I be half asleep already . jacob you have to try . she nod she head quietly . then karen I would better get out of here . jacob okay . be careful . karen you be careful . I be not go anywhere . she kiss he quickly on the cheek . he need that . Karen get up and quietly leave . Jacob yawn int . gina's bedroom - night gina sit on she bed in she night clothes . she hold a deck of card in one hand while she play solitaire on she bed sheet . she flip a card from she deck : a black nine . she put it on top of a ten . another card . Queen of diamond . she lay it on top of a king of club . gina yawn . take another card . it 's the freddy of spade . gina frown . freddy krueger 's image stare up at she from the card . she look at she stack . there 's no place to put this one . she start flipping through the deck of card , try to see if there be any more freddy . that 's when a hand rip up through the bed and grab she arm . gina scream , pull away from the hand 's grip and jump back up on the bed . and another hand shoot up from a pillow and grab she shoulder . gina twist . rip . tear . grab . more hand appear out of the mattress , lung for any part of gina 's body as she shriek from they touch . and gina jump out of bed . she leap to the other side of the room , bump against she dresser drawer . turn to she bed . swoop . the multiple hand disappear down into the mattress . there be a quiet beat as she catch she shiver breath . then a half - dozen arm and hand pop out from the drawer next to she . latch indiscriminately . some grab she leg and arm . some grab more intimate part . gina scream . pull away from the dresser . yank a few drawer out as the hand vanish and she spin over to another wall . where the wall erupt with outreach arm all around she . two grab she hair . Three on each arm . her leg be pin . gina shriek and yell and flay she arm . beating the hand with she fist as two grab she breast viciously . she start kick as one particularly perverse hand burnt and scarree , pop out between she leg . aiming right for she crotch and in a incredible show of strength , the girl pull away from the horde . gina head for the door . crash . hand blast up from the wood floor . she leap around they . crash . more hand try to block she way . gina jump around like she 's in a mine field make of hot coal . she finally reach to door and fling it open . int . elevator gina hit the lift 's opposite wall have expect it to be a hallway . the elevator 's door close on she bedroom and she turn to see : freddy . a razor finger poise over the elevator 's button . he smile politely . freddy go up ? gina be shocked and speechless . she back away into a corner like someone trap in a closet with the devil . which be exactly what she be . rising past the terror be gina 's realization that everything Jacob 's be say be true . freddy ( cont would ) at you service . he punch one of the button and the elevator lurch . gina grab onto a wall as the lift race up and freddy actually begin to whistle nonchalantly . gina you be not real ! freddy ah , but who be ? the elevator begin to slow . freddy ( cont would ) fourth floor . overpopulation . the elevator stop . the door begin to open . gina leap for the way out . but she 's block . blocked by people . they fill the entrance to the lift and start to pile in . all kind of people : businessman , nurse , plumber . and they be all Zombies . vacant expression fill they dark hollow eye as the zomby keep come in . push gina back into the elevator . fill it to capacity and beyond . the door close and the elevator start to move up . twenty body be cramme into the tiny enclosure , smashed together , surround the poor teenager , drool ooze out of they mouth , breathe down she neck . smashing she so hard she can not even yell for help . gina turn she head . wesley be press up next to she . a very dead look on he face . begin squeeze by the zomby around he . one of he eye pop out of its socket . gina find the breath to scream and scream and scream . freddy ( cont would ) eight floor - the morgue . the elevator door open and the mass of zomby start to spastically pile out . gina , have only be hold up by the crush body , fall to she knee as the last of the monster exit the lift . she breathes in rip gasp like she 's have a coronary . but she see the open door . and gina jump for the exit . freddy grab she shoulder and pull she back violently . gina fall to the floor again as the door shut . freddy wave he finger down the row of button and stop above the very bottom one . this button do not look like the other . it 's in the shape of a little heart . freddy turn and give gina a frighteningly serious look . freddy ( cont would ) time to go down , gina . he press the heart button . and the floor disappear . gina fall scream into blackness as freddy hang in mid-air and laugh . int . honeymoon suite gaudy color , mirror , a cheesy heart - shape bed . gina 's body drop down , unexpectedly softly , landing on the fluffy satin sheet . she 's dress in a skimpy piece of bright pink lingerie . she moan and try to sit up . and four snake- like strip of satin swoop out from under the bed and quickly wrap around each of she limb , pull she down and yank she tight . she 's trap . that 's when the door to the room open and in walk a incredibly huge fat man . he barely fit through the door as he close it behind he . puffy cheek , permanent seat , dirty fingernails , and a lecherous smile . gina 's eye widen . fat man hi there , princess . you mom 's tell I all about you . gina scream as he approach she , the ground actually shaking from he weight . fat man ( cont would ) she say you be even better than she be . he loom above she , now . start to unbutton he shirt to reveal a hideous mound of hairy stomach flesh . gina be repulse . fat man ( cont would ) aw , come on . I be really a nice guy . you know what they say . Inside every fat person ... rip ! krueger 's finger blade jut out of the abdomen ad start tear a huge slit up the front of he body . the fat man start to fold back as freddy 's head pop out of the front . freddy ... be a maniac try to get out ! freddy step out of the fat man , sluffing the bulbous remain aside . he tower over gina . that creepy serious look on he face again . freddy ( cont would ) now it 's time for you to put out , gina . gina gasp in horror as krueger move in . but then a knock at the door . room service ( o.s. ) room service ? freddy huh ? I do not order anything ... freddy frown and walk over to the door . he turn back to gina . freddy ( cont would ) maybe its complimentary champagne ! krueger open the door . on the other side be a dinner cart and a waiter behind it . the waiter be jacob . crash ! Jacob shove the dinner cart into the room and into freddy 's gut , shove krueger across the room into a tumble heap . Three explosion of light burst into the room . the dream Police materialize . freddy jump up growl . power cop grab he from behind . blade leap over to the bed and in a flash of steel , release gina from she satin bond . Jacob yank gina off the bed and pull she towards the door . jacob come on ! freddy jump out of power cop 's grip and the dream Police surround he as the two teenager bolt out of the room . int . HOTEL hallway Jacob pull gina along as the hotel room door slam shut by itself . gina yell at Jacob . gina let go of I ! she squirm out of Jacob 's grip and bounce away from he like he have the plague . crashing be hear from the hotel room . a violent battle be under way . Jacob plead with gina . jacob I be here to help ! he hold out he hand to she . gina shiver , than look into Jacob 's sincere eye . sound of destruction continue behind the door as the girl battle with she worst fear . finally gina take Jacob 's hand . gina let 's get out of here . they start run down the corridor - together . int . honeymoon suite the entire room be fill with swirling dust and smoke , completely obscure everything from sight . as the sound of breaking furniture and grunt fighter echoe , a few piece of debris bounce into view . and then there be silence . the dust settles and the smoke dissipate . the dream police stand alone in the rubble of a totally trash room . power cop where would he go ? SOUND cop I think you have he . blade cop shit ... krueger have escape . HOTEL corridor Jacob run , gina trail behind he , the two of they try to find a way out . they pass a door . the door slam open and freddy reach out , grab gina and yank she into the room . the door bang shut . Jacob twirl around and run towards the door . and the door disappear . nothing but flat wall remain as Jacob hit it . he start bang he fist against the side of the corridor . jacob no no no no ! the dream police run up next to he . Jacob spin around angry . jacob ( cont would ) he 's get gina ! SOUND cop stand back . everyone back off . sound cop open he mouth . boom ! a almost visible sound wave burst forth from he lip and crack , a huge hole be punch in the wall . the Police leap into the hole , quickly follow by Jacob . int . HOTEL room this one 's pretty normal . maybe the business suite . and it 's empty except for a heart - shape box of candy in the middle of the bed . Jacob and the rest of the Police watch as blade pick up the box and open it . dozen of cockroach pour out onto the floor . now Jacob 's really piss . jacob you let he get away ! SOUND cop it 's difficult . power cop he 's be at this longer than we have . blade cop he can do anything . SOUND cop but we have to catch he in the act to get he . jacob what ... there be rule to all this ? SOUND cop they be not rule . power cop it 's just the way it be . blade cop Jacob , we need you to bring the rest together . jacob the rest ? you mean the kid at the home ? blade cop yes . we need as many of you as we can get . and you must bring they to springwood . jacob how ? blade cop you have the power to link you dream with other 's . dream of springwood , then bring the rest with you . SOUND cop live soul be what he thrive on . live soul be what we need to help stop he . power cop before it 's too late . blade cop before he take everyone . SOUND cop and every thing . Jacob just shake he head . int . limbo all be black . except for freddy and gina . he have she from behind , he hand lock on she shoulder . freddy ah ... alone at last . gina cry horribly like a person who know death be second away . freddy wrap he arm around she , hugging she . and he keep wrapping he arm . they stretch and elongate , wrapping once around he body and then around she 's again . and then again . freddy 's rubber limb curl around and around a around gina 's quivering body . spirale up and down . encircle on all side on every part of she , touch and grab she everywhere . until krueger 's arm cover she entirely . gina whimper . freddy ( cont would ) touch , be not it ? and he start to squeeze . gina gag as freddy 's snake- like embrace tightens around she , drain the life out of gina 's body . int . jacob be bedroom - night Jacob wake with a start as the entire house around he shake . jacob gina ! Jacob jump out of bed . int . foster home - upper hallway Jacob dash down the corridor . Karen come out of she room . karen be it a earthquake ? jacob no. it 's freddy . they run to gina 's room and fling the door open . int . gina's bedroom the rumbling of the house have stop . gina 's in bed , she tongue stick grotesquely out from the corner of she mouth , she skin completely blue . Jacob and Karen run to she to try and help . gina 's already dead . but freddy 's not quite do with she yet . Jacob and Karen watch as gina 's chest cave in . Karen scream . ext . foster home - early morning the coroner 's back , the neighborhood gawk . Jacob , Karen and Scott sit on the front step in a daze . but this time there be police barricade up . in another part of the front yard we can see Mr. and Mrs. Ross with a social worker , mr. silverman . Mary Ross be cry while she husband David be have a heat argument with silverman . the kid watch on gloomily . the social worker leave as Mr. Ross walk over to the kid . Mary walk right by they and into the house - to break up over something to talk . david pack you bag , kid . jacob you be kick we out ? david no . they be take you away . they say it 's for you own good . karen they can not do that . david yes , they can . they consider Mary and I possibly unfit to act as foster parent . they be go to find temporary home for you until this mess be straighten out . I be so very sorry . Karen run up to David and hug he desperately . he hold she . karen no , please . david they be not call it a accident this time . they do not really know what to call it . Karen let go . Scott stand up . scott what 's go to happen to we ? david you will be alright . karen what 's go to happen to you ? david I do not know . they be think of press charge . jacob aw , Jesus ... david come on . a car from juvenile hall will be here in a hour . he lead they up the stair . ext . juvenile hall - day a sign read : rosedale youth CENTER . int . office - day Mr. silverman , the social worker , be talk to the teenager . Karen and Scott look understandably worried . Jacob look like the world just end for he . mr. silverman I be sure most of you know how this work already . you will be assign new foster home tomorrow afternoon . tomorrow morning the police will be talk to you regard the matter at the old house . karen what about it ? mr. silverman anything you know . scott be we consider suspect ? mr. silverman you will talk to the police about that . do not worry . we will all try and work this out . karen will we be able to go back to the Ross 's ? mr. silverman I do not know . you will have a place to stay in the mean time . karen will we be together ? mr. silverman no . we do not have anybody willing to take more than one person . I be afraid you will be split up . scott great ... mr. silverman hey , you can visit each other . you will be in the same town . jacob if it 's still here . silverman frown at that last comment as the kid get up to leave . int . juvenile hall corridor the teenager walk glumly out of the office . Jacob be still strangely silent , not make eye contact with anyone . karen Jacob , what be we go to do ? jacob nothing . karen what do you mean , nothing ? jacob it 's over . we be finish . he 's win . Jacob walk on ahead of they . Karen be flabbergasted . she stop and just stand there with Scott . the two of they watch Jacob walk away . scott look like you hero just give up . and Karen still can not believe it . ext . juvenile hall courtyard - dusk Jacob be sit on a bench look like a beat man and hat himself for it . Karen and Scott step out of a door . they watch he for a few second . then Karen walk towards Jacob . Scott stay behind and light up a cigarette . karen how can you do this ? jacob do what ? I be not do anything . karen exactly . after all we have be through you just throw in the towel . why ? jacob because we be fuck . the last thing the dream Police tell I be that they need all we help . together . even if we be not about to be split up there be not enough of we leave to make a difference . karen how do you know that ? jacob I do not . but , it 's all just too much . I have try so hard and nothing 's work . I be spend . I be waste . I be ... I be so tired . Jacob put he face in he hand . jacob ( cont would ) I have have enough . karen so you be just go to give up ? I will bet that 's something you mother never teach you . that hit home . Jacob uncover he face . his id bracelet dangle from he wrist . he look at the bracelet . alice glint in the set sunlight . he remember . Jacob look up at Karen . karen ( cont would ) we still have one night together . jacob and we be not go to waste it . Jacob stand up . int . juvenile hall lounge - night Jacob pace back and forth in front of Scott and Karen . karen Scott , we need you . scott look , I do not know what 's go on anymore . two of my friend die and now you tell I I have to drop into dreamland with you guy to do battle with the dude that do it . jacob we will have help . scott ah , yes . I almost forget . the sleepy squad . alright . I will make you a deal . I tell you I would not believe this stuff unless I see it . if I understand this correctly , all I have to do be fall asleep and you just whisk I into the action . jacob right . scott okay . if that happen , if both of you show up in my dream , I will help you out . if nothing happen , then I will get a good night 's sleep and laugh at you in the morning . jacob Fine . you get a deal . and you will not be disappointed . karen I be go to be sleep in the girl 's dorm . will you be able to bring I in ? jacob I hope so . then I get to make sure we all end up in springwood . scott the old stomping ground ? jacob yeah . only right now it 's not a very pretty place . karen what do we do when we get there ? jacob play it by ear . and try and stay alive . a social worker stick he head into the lounge . social worker half hour till light out , everyone . the kid get up and start for the door . jacob off we go . scott into the wild black yonder . Scott shake he head as they leave . int . karen' dorm room - night Karen lie in bed , under the cover . she hold the picture of herself , thirteen year old . she stare at it . still that miss piece . Karen put the picture on a nightstand and close she eye . int . scott & jacob be dorm room - night Scott lie on the top of a set of bunk bed . Jacob be on the bottom and already look asleep . on scott he 's still awake . maybe he 's start to believe some of Jacob 's rambling , because he nervously fidget in bed . scott freddy krueger . yeah , right . year ago some sicko get fry and now he come back to stick it to you when you be snoozing . stupid bedtime story . he sigh , look at he wrist , but he watch be not on . then : scott ( cont would ) hey , Mr. creepoid , you still up ? ( a beat ) yo , Jacob ? there 's still no answer . Scott roll and peek over the edge of the bunk bed . and Jacob 's not there . scott ( cont would ) huh ? Scott sit up , look around . and fall right through the middle of he bed , not appear underneath the top bunk . he just disappear . ext . nightmare springwood - south STREET - night Scott fall out of a tree and land with a thud . he groan , slowly get to he foot and take in he surroundings . the road be dark and desolate . the street light emit a grim brown glow and there be no star or moon in the sky . sound echo through the tree and building . weird moan , odd gurgling , eerie whisper , and a occasional unearthly howl . this do not comfort Scott . scott oh , this be lovely . he start cautiously walk down the sidewalk . something fly by with a flapping . Scott duck . be it a bird or a bat or what ? it 's already go . then a craggy voice call out from behind a tree . bum hey , buddy ? scott yeah , what ? Scott be understandably jumpy . the dark figure of a bum start walk towards he . Scott back away . bum can you spare some change ? scott um , well , let I see ... Scott start sifting through he pocket , and the bum step out into the light . he have three eye and a hump back . Scott yelp . scott ( cont would ) Holy Jesus Christ . the bum grin and Scott start stumbling away , he voice trail off : scott ( cont would ) I will catch you next time , buddy . the mutant bum belch . ext . nightmare springwood - parnell ave . - night Karen round a corner . she walk nervously down the middle of the street . there be no car , and she want to keep as far away as possible from the house on either side . there be a creaking sound from one of that house . Karen turn she head to look . a craggy old woman be rock back and forth on she front porch . she 's eat something , something stringy and slimy . she munch away with a vacant look in she eye . the something in she hand move slightly . the old woman 's meal be still alive . Karen gag and walk faster . and a panting sound be hear , like two dog . someone be walk they pet down the sidewalk . it 's the mutant woman from Jacob 's open nightmare : straggly hair , ooze sore , limping . the source of the multiple painting be she single dog , all two head of it . the mutant woman wave unpleasantly at Karen . Karen whimper and start to run . with karen - running she stumble quickly down the street . we catch fleeting glimpsis of other horror , twisted shape , bent shadow . Karen round a corner , and scream when she bump into someone . it 's Scott , out of breath from he own sprinting . karen Scott ! you be here . scott yeah . fun town . talk to any of the neighbor , yet ? they be a swell bunch of folk . karen uh-huh . Real friendly , too . scott so this be a dream ? karen and I be in it with you . convince ? scott maybe I be just dream bout be here with you . would not be the first time . karen nope . I tired that one already . do not work . come on , we have to find Jacob . Scott nod and they take off down the street . a cat with three tail slither by . ext . nightmare springwood - MAIN STREET - night Jacob be stand motionless in the middle of the road . he stare down into the darkness , a wooden expression on he face . Karen and Scott be run up behind he . karen Jacob ! thank God ! scott so this be the place , huh ? Jacob 's eye be steady . he have not yet acknowledge the other 's presence . he eye be fix on the gloominess in front of he . a look of vengeance beginning to grow as we shot move in on he . jacob I be home . Karen and Scott be next to he now . they stand silently with Jacob for a few second . then : karen what now ? jacob Scott , be you with we ? scott a deal 's a deal . jacob then we wait . and not for long . flash ! in three burst the dream Police appear directly across from the teenager . Scott and Karen jump back . Jacob hold he ground . scott whoa ! the threesome stand face - to- face in two parallel row . scott ( cont would ) Nice outfit . power cop be this all ? jacob all that 's leave . SOUND cop it will have to do . scott we can always come back later . like when it 's daytime . power cop it 's always night here . jacob what 's the plan ? blade cop we need you to draw he out . scott terrific . we be suppose to be bait . SOUND cop essentially . jacob then let 's do it . kaboooooooom ! a huge brick wall , ten foot high and spread out across the street and through the house , blast up from the asphalt . right between the Police and the kid . on the dream police side the three cop crouch into battle position . on the teenager's side the three of they have hardly any time to react before three perfectly round hole open up underneath each of they . and Scott , Jacob and Karen fall into darkness . on the dream police side sound cop stand up and he body begin to vibrate . a new noise emit from he mouth : a high pitched squeal . and like the wall of jericho , the brick in front of they fall apart and tumble to the ground . Dust settles and the Police walk over the rubble to the other side . the kid be go . blade cop fan out . the dream Police break formation and scatter . ext . a STREET a hole open up in the road and whoosh , karen be elevate up into the scene and the hole seal up instantly . she jump a few foot and drop to she knee , hold onto the ground . she look up at a street sign . it read : elm ST . Karen stand up and head down the road . ext . rochester ave . another hole , and voom , Jacob be shot up into the street . he spin around , try to get he bearing . it do not take he long . he know exactly where he be . jacob oh no ... he start to run and we follow he . Jacob jump over a procession of rat make they way across the street and just keep on sprinting . until he reach a certain house . he catch he breath as he look at the building , pain register on he face . jacob ( cont would ) Mom ... Jacob run towards the house as we shot move in close to the mailbox and eat name print across it . it read johnson . int . nightmare johnson home - entryway Jacob burst through the door . he turn on a light switch . a lamp sputter into semi-life , and keep sputtering , casting a candle - like glow over the interior . cobweb and dust cover everything . rat and tarantula spider skitter about . Jacob grit he tooth and walk in deeper . ext . springwood tavern Scott blast out of the asphalt . he stagger for a few second from the ride , then look at the building in front of he . a putter neon sign , springwood tavern ' , mark the local saloon . muffled music and voice seep through the crack of the double door . Scott look around , then shrug . he head for the entrance . int . springwood tavern dump be too clean a word , dive be too nice , abomination be more like it . a greenish haze cover everything . instead of sawdust on the floor there be a collection of debris that look like a compilation of human tooth , crush bug , and pool of unmentionable goo . then there 's the people . imagine any profanity , any obscenity , any blasphemy , add they all up - then double they . it would not even come close to the patron of this joint . they dance , they yell , they drink bloody bubbling mixture . there 's a guy to the right that do not seem to mind that half he brain be show . that girl over there have no jaw . in a booth be a couple that be connect at the lip . a ventriloquist on stage be entertaining the troops with he hand up the back of a real body . Scott step through the door and blink about a dozen time . then he decide that the smart course of action be to turn around and go right back out . a mutant bouncer , half he face a skull , block Scott 's way . mutant bouncer two drink minimum . scott ah , that 's okay . I think I be underage , anyway . mutant bouncer two drink minimum . scott no , really . I be drive . mutant bouncer two drink minimum . the bouncer with the limited vocabulary seem adamant . Scott back off and turn around . he carefully move forward . a mutant waitress with three breast slip next to he . mutant waitress can I get you anything ? scott that 's okay . I will just sit at the bar . mutant waitress alright , honey . you call if you need anything . scott you bet . you will be the first to know . Scott turn away , try to keep he eye in they socket . he slide up to the bar next to a mutant businessman . the man 's head be on backwards , he arm lean on the bar while he face look out into the crowd . he have to twist he neck to sip he vile drink . a bartender , surprisingly normal - look , step up to Scott . bartender what will it be ? scott um , a beer , I guess . the bartender fill a twisted glass with a sickly brown liquid . chunks of matter float amongst the foam . Scott take the drink warily and look up at the businessman next to he . the mutant smile at he . bartender go on . put hair on you back . scott and that 's all ? the bartender return . hold one of that half pineapple type drink in he hand , except this one have the back end of a wriggle lizard stick out of mucousy fluid under a tiny umbrella . he give it to Scott . scott ( cont would ) that 's okay , this will be plenty . bartender no charge . compliment of the man at the end of the bar . the bartender walk away and Scott crane he head to look down the bar . scott' Pov the crowd block he view , but we can see a glove hand with four blade strapped to it tapping nonchalantly on the surface of the wood . back to scott he pick up he drink , hold the move one at arm 's length , and head down the bar . at the end of the bar sit freddy krueger . he sip coolly on some hideous concoction as Scott sit down in the chair next to he and light a cigarette , try to look equally cool . freddy welcome to my favorite haunt . scott so you be the man . freddy at you service . scott what 's on you mind ? freddy a deal . scott a deal 's what get I into this . freddy bring Jacob to I . Scott , valiantly hold on to he nerve , raise a eyebrow . scott what 's in it for I ? freddy power . you do not need to hang out with that loser . you be a take - charge kind of guy , Scott . like when you take charge of you father . suddenly freddy be spin a gun on the bar with he free hand . Scott grimace . scott leave my father out of this . freddy I will make you mayor of rosedale . scott after you make it look like this ? freddy you can have Karen . that be freddy 's trump card . it really hit a nerve in Scott . Karen 's everything he 's ever want . scott alive ? freddy any way you want she . scott ( after a beat ) okay . freddy shake ? krueger hold out he knife . Scott shake he head . scott no thanks . I trust you . freddy laugh . int . nightmare johnson home - alice' bedroom Jacob open the door into darkness . jacob mother ? he turn on the light and a red haze blanket the room . Jacob look up . the dish -like ceiling lamp be fill with blood . Jacob walk into the room , tear welling . he walk by Alice 's vanity , she makeup still sit there as if she might show up and use it at any moment . he step up to a wardrobe closet and touch the edge of it lightly . he reach out and slowly , almost reverently , open the door . dozen of writhe snake drop out of the closet and slither onto the ground . Jacob jump back and scream . then he just stand there in the middle of the teaming reptile mass , not give a shit anymore , go insane . his fist clench , he head tilt back , as he yell into the air like a wolf bay at the moon . ext . springwood tavern Scott step off the sidewalk and look up and down the street . he think and we move in on he . scott Mayor of rosedale . Scott sneer . scott ( cont would ) what a crock of shit . we pull wider as Scott cup he hand around he mouth . scott ( cont would ) hey ! he 's over here . yo! dream Police . hello ! come on . move you collective ass . close on scott he put he hand on he hip and sigh . scott ( cont would ) never a cop around when you need one . glitch ! a stabbing sound of flesh , and Scott jerk violently as we shot pull back to reveal : freddy behind Scott , he deadly finger bury in the boy 's back . Scott choke on he own blood as krueger growl . freddy I hate a snitch ! freddy pull out he blade as Scott fall forward and with he final breath utter : scott eat shit ... his body hit the ground with a thud as a sudden roar fill the air . freddy look around for its source . and sound cop drop down on he with a smack . the two of they tumble , then both jump up . freddy laugh . sound cop look down at Scott 's body , then back up at krueger . his body be shaking with fury , and he open he mouth . the loudest sound yet come from sound cop . kaboom ! a blast of air at Mach 3 smack into freddy and send he sailing back , smashing right through the tavern wall . int . springwood tavern freddy fly sideways , right through the bar , destroy chandelier as he careen through and punch yet another huge hole through the opposite wall . the nightmarish customer do not even seem to notice . int . nightmare johnson home - entryway Jacob be shuffle down the stair as a sonic boom of noise echoe through the street outside . he know exactly what that sound mean as we move in on he face . jacob krueger ... Jacob race for the front door . int . springwood tavern the dust be just start to settle as a thud be hear come from the hole in the opposite wall . quickly follow by freddy 's soar body . krueger smashes into some table and slide across the floor . power cop step through the hole , he fist clench . freddy stand up and dust himself off . freddy lighten up , bone brain . power cop have no intention to . he bolt over , grab krueger , raise he over he head like a wrestler , slam he down on the bar , and shove freddy , knock glass and ashtray aside until he smack into yet another poor wall . krueger barely get back on he foot when power cop be right on he again . the big man in black swing , but this time freddy duck . crack ! a support column burst into dust . freddy twirl around . and the two of they start to punch each other . it 's a barroom brawl between non-human as power cop and freddy krueger exchange multiple blow . smack smack smack ! freddy nail power cop , whose head barely seem to budge from the hit . pow pow pow ! power cop lay into krueger , send he spin and tumble only to pick he up and start the process all over again . this go on for a while , and krueger be lose . the mutant bouncer finally step up to power cop to try and put a stop to all this . mutant bouncer take it outside ! crunch ! power cop put a stop to the bouncer with a vicious elbow in the chest . all this give freddy a few second to grab a chair and crack it ineffectually over the cop 's head . the pummel begin again . thwack thwack thwack ! power cop be punch freddy towards the door . ext . springwood tavern like in a old wester , krueger fly out of the double door and somersault onto the pavement . sound cop be a few yard away knelt down next to Scott 's dead body . he look up as freddy sneer . freddy no more play around . freddy raise he leave fist and it begin to expand . it grow like a inflate beach ball , except it do not look soft at all . freddy slide up to the side of the entrance , and raise he giant hammer hand . power cop step through , look for blood . sound cop try to warn he . SOUND cop kincaid ! too late . bam ! freddy 's fist slam down on power cop 's head . he 's actually shove down into the ground a full two foot - trap at the leg . bam ! freddy hit he again . power cop be down to he thigh and he can not get out . a rumbling be hear . freddy turn to see sound cop start to open he mouth . krueger instantly reach down and grab a brick from the rubble and throws it at sound cop . freddy put a lid on it ! thunk ! the brick land squarely in sound cop 's mouth , stretch it painfully and block it completely . sound cop reel from the impact . tries to pull out the firmly wedge plug . freddy turn back to power cop , bam ! Hit he down to he hip . the giant fist swing , bam bam bam bam bam ! like hammer a nail until power cop disappear into the ground . freddy 's hand deflate to regular size as he turn to the struggle sound cop . sound cop 's head be expanding . pressure seem to be building up , something 's gonna blow . freddy pick up a boulder from the street rubble . he catapult it with both hand at sound cop . the boulder hit sound cop 's head and take it clean off . sound cop 's decapitate skull tumble away with the brick still stick , as a blast of air shoot up from the stump of he neck with a screech . sound cop 's body stumble for a few second , then fall over limply . freddy laugh and laugh and laugh ... kachunk ! until a knife embed itself in he back . krueger spin around . chunk chunk chunk ! Three more knife slam into he body as he stagger back in surprise . blade cop stand twenty foot away reach into thin air and whipping out knife after knife , fling they at freddy . they sail like fly bullet . chunk chunk chunk ! krueger fall back from the sheer force of the onslaught , at least a dozen blade stick out of he body . blade stop . she stand there for a beat , wait to see what freddy will do next . krueger sway , look like a inhuman pincushion . then he grin . his body steady , and he suddenly pose like a body builder and flexe every muscle . pop pop pop ! the dagger shoot out of he torso and limb , clatter to the ground . the girl in black step back and raise she arm . shink shink ! two-foot-long saber jut out from she forearm . they be not hold by she , they be a part of she , exite from the top of she wrist under she clench fist . she cross the blade in front of she . freddy ( cont would ) ( smile ) ah ... a girl after my own heart . kachink ! freddy shoot out he finger knife and they extend to double they normal size . he raise they and take on a fencing stance . freddy ( cont would ) en guard , bitch swoop / clang ! a swordfight ensue . freddy swinging he four long knife . blade slashing she rapier-arm . they lunge , they parry , they leap , they duck . clang ! they connect . screeeee . Metal scrape metal . it 's a bastardize version of a errol Flynn movie and blade cop and freddy be equally match . blade move to get the upper hand . clink clink ! blade shoot out of the girl 's elbow . now when she take a swing with she fist , another sword be right behind it on the follow - through . freddy get catch off-guard . get slashed twice in the shoulder and twirl away . then start to move faster . blade counter with a equally increase intensity . freddy duck , swoops out twice quickly . a fold of black cloth drop down on blade 's stomach , revealing naked skin and a little blood . they pause for a second . freddy ( cont would ) touche . and blade become airborne put a samurai to shame , twirling she leg up and out as a blade jut momentarily from she right heel , chopping off freddy 's leave hand . krueger stumble back in astonishment as green goo spurt out of the stump . astonishment turn to rage as the two converge again , swinging away at a incredible rate . a impossible rate . jacob round the corner . he stumble into the action just as the battle pair be become a obscure swirl glinting Mass . piece of they start to drop away . blade 's foot hit the ground . freddy 's arm plop away . a break sword hit the asphalt under the spin cloud , then one of blade 's arm . close on jacob as he watch , he eye dart to try to follow the action that 's move too fast for he to see . then there 's silence . we pull back and pan to follow Jacob as he walk into the scene of carnage . he step up to two pill of remain : one black and flesh color cover with red blood , the other a heap of red and green cloth , scar tissue , and pukish green glop . blade and freddy have literally chop each other to bit , the two mound of body part steaming in the cold night air . Jacob see something else and walk over to it . it 's Scott 's body . Jacob kneel down next to the dead teenager . jacob I be sorry , Scott . a cracking sound make Jacob stand up . over to the now - silent bar entrance a black fist punch up through the cement . with a crumble of granite , power cop rise from the earth . something else move behind Jacob and he turn , then scream . sound cop 's headless body walk into the shot , he arm hold above frame over he neck . then sound cop 's arm lower he dismember head onto he stump , push it down , twist it till it stay . with great effort , sound cop yank the brick out of he mouth . Jacob now look off screen at something else , something that really make he eye widen . we get to see the shadow of what Jacob see , project on the wall of the bar behind he . the shadow of the pile of body part that be blade cop begin to move . the piece start to reform , leg to torso , arm to shoulder , head to neck . the shadow on the wall rise and we pull back . blade cop stand across from Jacob , whole again except for a flash of expose flesh on she abdomen to remind she of the experience . Jacob raise he eyebrow as the resurrected dream Police step around he . jacob ( cont would ) okay , I be impressed blade whip she visor up to reveal a upset girl 's face . blade cop you should not be . Jacob frown as the four of they walk over to the pile of freddy remain . but they be not remain anymore . all that 's leave of freddy be a stack of cloth remnant . a wind rise and piece of cloth blow away into the darkness . the other two dream Police raise they visor , look equally distraught . they all face Jacob . blade cop ( cont would ) this be what we be afraid of . SOUND cop he still exist . jacob what ! how ? power cop we be already dead , that 's why he could not destroy we . blade cop but he 's not dead . he 's not alive either . he 's something in between . SOUND cop he 's not entirely part of reality or part of dream . he 's unique . blade cop we can not kill he . power cop we can wail away on each other until doomsday and not do any good . jacob then who 's go to kill this fucker ? SOUND cop you have to . jacob how the hell be I suppose to do that ? blade cop krueger 's power come from he rage and the soul of child . power cop you have to find the original source of that rage and use it against he . blade cop this town in its present condition encompass all evil from all time in its history . the answer be here somewhere ... Jacob sigh , then get a idea . jacob I think I know where ... and he start to run down the street . blade cop Jacob , wait . we have to find he first . jacob no time . you guy find Karen ! he disappear down the road as the dream Police snap down they visor ext . elm STREET house Karen stand in front of a rotted gate in front of a run down building with shutter window and a crumble foundation . this be not just a elm STREET house , it 's the elm Street house . and for some reason Karen be draw to it . she look to she let at the bent mailbox . it have a name plate on it . another one underneath it . and another . it 's as if people move in and out and instead of change the plate on the mailbox , they just whacked a new one over the old . Karen step closer to the mailbox . the little sign on the top read william . she touch it with she finger and it drop off , the nail hold it on rusted away to dust . a new plate be reveal . this one say thompson . Karen pick lightly at it , and it swing away . the name underneath make Karen gasp . it read krueger . and there 's still another one under that horrible name . Karen quickly hit the krueger plate off . the last sign read underwood . Karen frown . she turn back to the house , a determine expression on she face . karen no more ... she kick the gate open and walk up to the house . int . elm STREET house we have be here before , have not we ? but for Karen it 's the first visit as she open the front door and walk in . she take in the twisted skeleton of a home for a few second and then begin to search it . int . elm STREET house - live room Karen race through , pull open desk drawer , rifling through shelf , flipping through book . she do not know what she 's look for , but she know she have not find it yet . int . elm STREET house - kitchen the intensity of Karen 's quest increase as she yank open cabinet and toss plate to the floor . still nothing . int . elm STREET house - stair Karen run up they , a girl with a mission . int . elm STREET house - master bedroom Karen fling the door open . nothing but a bed and a set of drawer . no hint as to the occupant 's life . she do not bother ransack this one and go on to : int . elm STREET house - freddy bedroom jackpot . Karen stare through the open door at a child 's room , a very twisted child 's room . she slowly walk in . a bed , a desk , a dresser . there 's a jack-in - a - box with its head tear off . a disembowel teddy bear . White puffy gut hang out of it . a clown doll with its face cave in . a hang mobile make of strange bent shape . and a pile of more - than -dirty clothes . Karen go over to the pile and pick through it with she toe . a small pair of pants , about the right size for a eight - year-old . a black pair of shoe . and a little sweater , a red and GREEN stripe sweater . Karen go over to the desk . there be stack of drawing on it - a child 's drawing . on one of they it look like someone be practice write they name . freddy unnerwood , freddy underwud , freddy underwood over and over again . until the final attempt have the last name angrily cross out , replace underneath by a hastily scrawle krueger !!! another piece of paper : a set of human stick figure . a small one be label freddy . the large one be label daddy . the daddy figure be depict hitting the freddy figure . there be more drawing , all of they violent , the large figure beat away at the small one . suddenly a creaking . Karen jump . hide behind a bookshelf . she 's nervously try to figure out what to do when a frame picture catch she attention on the shelf . it 's a picture of a tall , dark man and a little boy . Karen reach out to grab the picture , but accidentally knock over a glass mug with a crash . footstep can now be hear tromping up the stair . someone 's come and Karen 's on the edge of panic . she look around and find a old baseball bat . she grab it and run to the side of the doorway as the footstep approach down the hallway . Karen raise the bat . and Jacob appear . Karen pull back with the bat as Jacob jump away from she . karen Jacob ! you scared the shit out of I ! jacob the feel be mutual . karen where be the dream Police ? jacob I tell they to look for you . what be you do here ? do not you know what this place be ? karen I do now . look what I find . she start to drag he over to the desk of drawing . jacob you have get to get out of here . karen wait . you have to see this . jacob you do not understand . the Police can not kill freddy . they literally chop each other to piece and he 's still alive ! now I be suppose to figure out how to get rid of he . karen but I think I find the answer . shut up for a second and look at this . she start show he the scrawling . jacob okay , so he 's a bad artist . karen no ! you tell I krueger 's mother commit suicide and no one know who he father be , right ? jacob yeah ... karen freddy 's be push all we button with we past . this be he past . do not you get it ? he be a foster child , too ! she walk over to the bookshelf and grab the picture of little freddy and freddy foster father . karen ( cont would ) someone have to have take care of he . this guy ... he be freddy 's father . that drawing ... they be freddy 's childhood . this house ... it 's where it all happen . jacob but in reality freddy have not live here for decade . karen like you try to tell I once before , this be a dream . who know why this be all here . jacob all evil from all time in history ... karen and be not this where it all start in springwood ? on elm Street ? Jacob think for a second . it 's all start to make sense . jacob but what do this do for we ? karen there 's get to be a way to use it against he . jacob okay , but we be not go to stand around here to figure out how . it 's too dangerous . he grab she hand and pull she towards she door . jacob ( cont would ) let 's get out of this house . they head out to upstair hallway and blade cop be stand in the middle of the corridor . the two teenager stop . jacob ( cont would ) thank God . freddy 's go to show up any minute . kachink ! a knife shoot out of blade 's right hand , ready for action . ( but wait a minute , she uniform be not rip anymore ... ) Karen and Jacob make they way to the stair . he turn to blade . jacob ( cont would ) where be the other ? blade walk up to he and stand there . then jam her knife into jacob be gut . Karen scream . Jacob choke . blade cop shove the knife in further until it jut out of Jacob 's back . she turn . then become freddy . freddy time to join you mommy . krueger yank he finger blade out and Jacob 's limp body fall at Karen 's foot . Karen shriek and cry , drop to she knee to hold he . karen no no no no no no no ... Jacob ... he look up at she , slowly die . she stroke he forehead while freddy laugh at the sentiment . freddy Young love ...ha! jacob karen...dream ...power .... and Jacob be go . Karen sob , so tear apart that she be ignore the incredible danger above she . but not for long . krueger grab Karen by the neck . freddy it 's past you bedtime , young lady . and he start to drag she , kick and scream , she body scraping across the floor towards the master bedroom freddy drag Karen in and toss she across the room . she land with a thud on the bed . he saunter over to she and climb up on the bed next to she . get on top . Karen yell and hit he uselessly with she fist and it 's horrible because there he be , press down on she , right in she face , mount she as if he 's go to rape she . freddy ( cont would ) aw , sweetheart . this will not hurt a bit . she scream as he press even harder . freddy ( cont would ) come on . be daddy 's little girl . and the last three word of that sentence seem to echo through the room , swirl around Karen . daddy' little girl . " daddy 's little girl . " Karen twist she head away . and freddy 's become Karen 's father . he look down on she with a lecherous grin . karen' father that 's my baby . that 's daddy 's little girl . Karen stop struggle . the realization grow on she face with the resurfacing memory . karen oh no ... karen' father ( freddy 's voice ) now do you remember ? she do . and she have a answer for he . karen you be not my father . karen' father but we be go to have the same fun ! Karen stare at he defiantly . and a hand grab Karen 's Father , and yank he away . we pull back . karen' mother be next to the bed . furious . karen' mother that 's enough ! and she slap Karen 's Father . he stand up , slug she across the jaw . she tumble back . Karen sit up . karen mommy , no ! Karen 's mother get up , a defiant look just like Karen 's on she face . karen' mother you be never go to touch she again ! karen' father I will touch what I want ! bap ! he strike she again , send she right out the door . he follow she . Karen stand up and run after they . in the hallway crack ! the man hit the woman down to the floor . Karen 's mother stand up , just take it . she 's at the top of the stair . Karen 's Father swing he arm back , and Karen jump on he . he shrug she away violently . with karen as she hit the ground and the wall next to Jacob 's body . she look up . wider and Karen 's Father be now freddy again . he swing he fist . smack ! Karen 's mother reel from the hit , fall backwards . Karen jump up to try and help she , reach past freddy . but it 's too late . Karen 's mother tumble down the stair , head hit , bone crack , disappear into darkness . freddy grab Karen by the neck and lift she . dangle she over the top of the step . freddy be honore , bitch . you be the last soul I need . and Jacob rise up behind krueger . grab he . freddy drop Karen . she hit hard and roll down the step as freddy turn , he knife swinging out and slamming Jacob 's gut one more time , impaling he against the wall . Jacob gasp out he final breath . jacob I will be back ... freddy I will be wait . freddy pull he blade out of Jacob and the wall . the boy 's body hit the floor for the last time . freddy turn back to the stair and look down they . freddy ( cont would ) where 's my little pumpkin ? he stroll down the step . downstair hallway freddy walk down and no one 's there . Karen 's Mom be just a illusion , but Karen herself , dead or alive , be nowhere to be see . freddy ( cont would ) play time be over , bitch . he walk down the hallway . eye darting . until a booming voice be hear from the kitchen . voice frederick ! freddy cock he head and frown . voice ( cont would ) Frederick ! what have you do ? and , amazingly , a look of fear cross krueger 's face . something about that voice have strike terror in the heart of the creature that fear nobody . krueger turn to the kitchen door . a man step out of the shadow , a big muscular man with a horrifying look in he eye . a man we have see somewhere before - in a picture . it 's freddy foster father - mr. underwood . and he look piss beyond belief . freddy shrink back , eye widen . freddy daddy ? mr. underwood do not you " daddy " I ! Mr. underwood raise he arm and smack freddy across the skull . krueger tumble back into the hallway . freddy scramble to he foot . shake with dread . look like a scared little boy . Mr. underwood advance on he . freddy no , daddy . please ... freddy turn and bolt for the front door . he fling it open . power cop stand in he way and shove freddy back - back in front of he foster father . punch - a vicious blow from underwood send krueger into the live room where freddy fall over a couch . underwood stomp into the room . krueger scramble up and head for the archway lead into the dining room . blade cop block the escape . the rip flap of she uniform prove she 's the real one . she kick freddy back and into underwood 's hand . the man pick up krueger and hit he again . and again . and again . freddy ( cont would ) stop . you be hurt I . stop. freddy wriggle away and open a window . sound cop fill the window , cut he off . pushes he back inside . Mr. underwood grab krueger and slap he over and over . slug he . give the beat he 's get come to he . and freddy moan and yell like a blubber child . shrink into a corner but be yank out for more pummel . power cop stand at the exit to the hallway . blade cop continue to obstruct the dining room arch . sound cop step through the window and stand in front of it . the dream Police just stare in silence . it 's not a street fight , not a punch match . just a ruthless thrashing that would be hard to watch if it be not for the fact that we be all cheer because no one in history have ever deserve it more . underwood stop the whipping and stand over krueger who be lie on the ground whimper , plead for mercy . freddy ( cont would ) why , daddy ? what do I do ? mr. underwood you take some thing that do not belong to you ! and with that , underwood bring he fist down and jam it into freddy 's stomach . right through it . shove it into he very body . freddy scream . underwood violently pull he fist out and there 's something in it . a shimmer flow thing . crackle with unworldly light . it 's a soul . it 's wesley 's soul . underwood fling he arm out and let go . wesley 's soul fly into thin air and dissipate . krueger 's father bring he hand down again and rip out gina's soul . again . jacob be soul . freddy open he mouth and shriek . as underwood raise he arm and begin to sparkle . flash of light bounce around he body . he 's change . and something 's happen to freddy 's too . steam be rise from the creature . his foot be start to flatten as he lay on the ground and black goo ooze from he pore . he 's melting . and still scream as he watch he foster father 's image turn into : karen . a aura of light vanish around she body as she lower she arm with a victorious yet sad look on she face . freddy die . a look of horrify realization burn in krueger 's eye as he see Karen and continue to scream inhumanly . his body dissolves , all of it liquefy into black slime . go . just a bubbling black puddle of gunk be leave . his shriek echoe through the room and everywhere else . then the gunk grow and change into a dark cloud that begin to expand . power cop run up , grab Karen and yell . power cop we gotta get outta here ! Karen , almost mesmerize by the black cloud spread in front of she , stumble away with power cop . ext . elm STREET house the dream Police and Karen bolt out the front door and run down the street as a rumble join freddy 's thunderous shriek and the entire town begin to shake . we stay with a shot of the house as the noise and vibration continue . and the elm Street House explode . the black cloud punch out the roof and the wall , send wood and debris fly everywhere . the rubble fly into the air , hang there for a beat , then fall to the ground . all be silent . and the dark cloud turn white . the milky fog spread out . ext . elm STREET intersection Karen fall to she knee on the pavement , not look back at the destruction one block away . the dream Police stop run to turn to face she . Karen hang she head and cry . blade step forward . blade cop it take a human touch . it take know he nightmare . Goodbye , Karen . Karen raise she head as the dream Police turn away . karen be Pov - the dream police walk off into the distance . just as they be about to vanish into the darkness , a FOURTH figure appear and join they in formation . then they all disappear . angle on karen her mouth drop open at what she 's just see . what she doesn 't see be the white cloud swoop down the street behind she . she just close she eye as the ivory mist envelop she and the screen goe white . fade in from white to : ext . park bench - day Karen lie sleep on the bench amongst the grass and tree . her eye open and squint at the bright light . she sit up and try to get she bearing . some hair fall into she face and she brushes it away . only then notice that she 's hold something in she hand . she open she hand and look down . karen' Pov it 's a id bracelet . a band of gold with a larger plate dangle from the middle of it . Karen 's hand turn it over . this time the printing read jacob . with karen she choke back the tear . we hear a panting o.s . then a woman 's voice . woman you okay , honey ? Karen look up as we pull back . a pleasant- look woman , no longer a mutant , be walk she cute dog . she look sincerely concerned . Karen nod . karen yes . I be alright . woman I have never see you around . be you new in town ? karen sort of . woman well then ... ( she smile ) welcome to springwood . the woman continue on she way . Karen sigh and put the bracelet on she wrist . she stand and we shot pull up and away as the pretty young girl start walk through a town she 's never see - except in she dream . fade out . ( function ( i , 's , of , g , be , a , m ) { i [ ' googleanalyticsobject '] =r ; i [ be ] = i [ be ]||function ( ) { ( i [ be ].q= i [ be ].q| | [ ] ) .push ( argument ) } , i [ r].l=1*new date ( ) ; a=s.createElement ( of ) , m=s.getelementsbytagname ( of ) [ 0 ] ;a.async=1;a.src=g;m.parentnode.insertbefore ( a , m ) } ) ( window , document , ' script ' , '//www.google-analytics.com/analytics.js','ga'); ga ( 'create ' , ' ua-67290913 - 1 ' , ' auto ' ) ; ga ( ' send ' , ' pageview ' ) ;