< !-- if ( window ! = top ) top.location.href=location.href / / --> " frequency " -- by Toby emmerich the child be the Father of the man . - William wordsworth ... the theory of black hole be develop before there be any indication from observation that they actually exist . I do not know of any other example in science where such a great extrapolation be successfully make solely on the basis of think . it show the remarkable power and depth of Einstein 's theory . there be still much we do not know , such as what happen to object and information that fall into a black hole . do the reemerge elsewhere in the Universe , or in another universe ? and can we warp space and time so much that one can travel back in time ? maybe someone will come back from the future and tell we . - Stephen hawking fade in : the legend read : october 10th ext . manhattan bridge - predawn - 1969 darkness . headlights bounce off thick sheet of rain . 6,500 gallon esso oil truck barrel over wet studd pavement , head towards Manhattan . it 's go fast . too fast . up ahead ... at the base of the bridge : a large reflective sign - light up by arc light : men at work . there be two work crews , several hundred foot apart . the first crew be con ed . a corrugate vacuum tube feed into a open manhole . a worker drop into the hole . the second crew be construction . they be at the apron of the bridge secure lumber support for the roadbed . it 's late and the man be tired . a mistake be make . a fork lift load with lumber fail to negotiate a turn ... whacks into a abutment ... spilling its load onto the roadway . bad timing , because right now that esso oil truck hit the off ramp . not a lot of time for the driver to react to a roadway spew with lumber . he do he best . slam the brake , spin the wheel , hit the horn , but it do not matter : 18 wheel skid across the blacktop - spitting thick smoke and burnt rubber , lift off the slick pavement ... twist ... flipping ... hemorrhage oil from its rupture tank ... grind its way towards ... men at work . second to react as a 80,000 pound juggernaut of death plow through park car like paper ... crush the con Ed equipment ... lurching to a halt on top of the manhole . ext . FIRE station - 9th battalion - continuous two FIRE truck ( 1000 gallon pumper and mack tiller ladder ) pull into the street . ext . ladder truck jumper seat - moving - continuous siren wail , cherry top spin . frank sullivan , 40 , be strapped into a open-air jumper seat . a real life hard charge , Frank be the kind of iron 's man fire fighter want come in after they , should they get catch in harm 's way . kind-hearted and hard - fisted , he have the grace and courage of a man live by he conviction . across from Frank sit graham gibson , 20 . a good-look African - american , " gib " be a Fire fighter fourth grade , a tank man ... and one nervous probie . through a window into the cab , we see lt . butch foster , 50 , on a walkie-talkie . a beefy old pro who 's be through more fire than he can remember . a walkie-talkie sit in a cradle between Frank and Gibson . butch voice ( through walkie - talkie ) ... oil all over the street . crack water and gas main . four company come in ... butch 's voice continue as Frank calmly absorb the information , while at the same time . frank ( be : rain ) oh , man . hope it be not like this in Baltimore tomorrow . gibson Baltimore ? frank the game , Graham . the Series ? Gibson tap he wristwatch . gibson oh , yeah . damn . my watch be bust . frank hey , rookie . be cool . just stay with I . this be what we do . gibson ( still tapping he watch ) I seem nervous , huh ? Frank laugh . Gibson grin , relax a bit . Frank check he rolex diver' watch . multiple siren fill the dawn . frank it 's 5:30 , gib . butch voice ( through walkie talkie ) ...two con Ed man trap in a underground electrical conductor vault . Frank 's eye harden . his game face set up . ext . manhattan bridge - continuous a tableau of impending danger . thick black oil bleed from the truck onto the street ... pour underneath the rig ... and into the manhole . police urgently cordon off the area , evacuate the worker . emergency personnel deal with the badly injure truck driver . firemen wedge sandbag between the hull of the truck and the three - quarter cover manhole -- try to divert the oil away from the underground vault . FIRE commander o'connell yell at he man to finish the job and get the hell away . the big truck arrive . pumper engine and Frank 's ladder truck -- rapidly guide into position by man on the ground . Frank , Gibson , butch and the rest of the unit be on the ground instantly and ready for order . they be look at a nightmare ready to happen . Frank take in everything . FIRE commander o'connell and a con ed supervisor approach . butch ( deep irony ) a fun one . frank yep . commander we get high voltage cable rip loose in the underground . they hit water , that fault 's gonna arc . Frank look at the tanker over the manhole . there be now nobody around it . frank why have not they kill the juice ? supervisor switch be short out . frank you be shitting I ! supervisor wish I be . oldest part of the system down there . we be on it , but it 's gonna take awhile . frank we gotta go underground . get that guy out , now . supervisor we try . bulkhead door 's rusted shut . wo not budge . commander the block be be evacuate . I do not want anybody ... include we boy ... within fifty yard of that tanker ... it 's a fuck bomb . Frank have be stare at the capsize rig . butch know what he 's think . but it 's too late . Frank be go ... slogging through the ooze oil to the hull of the tanker . he kneel over the three - quarter cover manhole , use a flashlight to peer into the darkness below . spark from the loose cable spit off flash of light as the cable hiss and slap against the ceiling and wall of the vault . frank this be the Fire Department . Frank Sullivan . you guy okay ? con ed worker # 1's voice please man , you gotta get we out of here ... frank that 's exactly what we be gonna do . and Frank be up , head for he truck , signal Gibson . frank ( cont 'd ) ( yell to con Ed supervisor ) how do we get to the vault door ? supervisor there 's a manhole at Canal and bowery . butch voice forget it , Frank . no way you reach that man in time . Frank grab a " halaghan claw tool " and a walkie-talkie . Gibson nervously pick out two helmet light ... and they be off and run . frank ( yell back ) I can do it , butch . I and my ' tank mar n ' here . commander o'connell ( to all , and into walkie ) start spraying down the street . let I know when we be fully evacuate . ext . manhole - canal & bowery - continuous Frank use the " adz " to rip open the heavy manhole cover . int . manhole tunnel - continuous Frank and Gibson descend into the tunnel , strap light on they leather helmet to illuminate the damp darkness . they race down the subterranean passage . the stench be thick . butch 's voice suddenly boom out of the walkie-talkie : butch ( via walkie ) Frank , you hear I ? Frank ? frank ( into walkie ) yeah , butch ? butch ( via walkie ) the gas level be get serious . the underground 's combustible - it could flashover . I want you to abort ! now ! get the hell out of there ! Frank pick up the pace . charge ahead . guy 's get ball . gibson ( into walkie ) Frank . we gotta go back . Frank ... frank ( call back to he ) stay with I , gib . we be gonna do this . gibson ( charge after he ) I should 'a be a fuck mailman . Frank reach the rusted ' submarine - like ' vault door . pound on the door ... a faint response . he go to work on it with the halaghan tool . Gibson arrive ... pretty rattle . Frank give he a wink and a smile . it 's gonna be okay . butch ( via walkie ) Frank , where be you ? Frank dig down , suddenly the door give way oil and water rush from the vault , pour over Frank and Gibson , foam into the tunnel . but the door be mount three foot off the ground . there be still three foot of oil and water trap inside . and the smell of gas be now overwhelming ... frank ( into walkie ) we be in , butch . Frank probe the dark vault with the flashlight blade . through smoke we see two men huddle in the corner , trap by three loose ' hot ' cable - whipping around the tiny vault like a electric hydra . con Ed Worker # 2 shiver , ankle break , lean on older con Ed Worker # 1 . frank ( cont 'd ) time to go home , fella . Gibson spray the room , clear out most of the smoke . Frank step into the vault . con ed worker # 1 careful . if the hot end of that cable hit you , it will conduct to the water and we be all fire . Frank drop to he knee , ducking under the cable , shuffles to center of the vault . place he hand at opposite end of the halaghan tool , hope for the cable to pass directly over he head . a hairy beat , then ... Frank jackknife out of the water , ramming the halaghan into the ceiling . it work . the tooth on the " claw - end " and the spike on the " adz - end " be embed into the concrete -- stapling the cable to the ceiling . make that ball of steel . frank go , gibby ! everybody move it . Gibson and con Ed worker # 1 help injure Worker # 2 out of the vault . Frank check to make sure they have clear the vault and let go of the tool . Frank jump into the tunnel , hoist the injure worker over he back and race back down the tunnel . frank ( cont 'd ) ( to Gibson ) haul ass , that claw be not gonna hold for long ... ( into walkie ) take cover -- she 's gonna flash ! ext . STREET - oil truck - continuous O'Connell and the few remain cop & firemen run for it ... int . / ext . manhole - canal & bowery - continuous Frank , Gibson and the con Ed man scramble towards the manhole . butch and another fireman be wait up top . they help the man -- who be cover in oil and slime -- up onto the street . and then they all tear away from the manhole ... around a corner ... collapse on the pavement against a building . k-a-b-o-o-m -- a muffled explosion the vault ignites , the tunnel " flashbacks " -- a tower geyser of flame and dirt erupting out of the manhole from which Frank have just escape . in the distance , flame erupt out of the other manhole ... engulf the oil truck ... blow it into a million piece . through the inferno at the base of the Manhattan Bridge , Frank can see that no one be hurt . his eye glisten with adrenaline and relief , he sit back against the building and throw a arm around Gibson . frank you do good , gib . Real good . Frank look over at the hyperventilate butch and smile . frank ( cont 'd ) elvis have leave the building . int . / ext . midtown tunnel - morning Inside the tunnel . dark. move fast . flashes of light bounce off the shiny tile wall . the deep throat roar of a ' 67 harley battle with martha & the vandella ' heat wave . we be with Frank , wear a leather jacket with the insignia of he fire - fight unit emblazon on it , and a New York Met baseball cap pull down tight , as he rocket he chopper through traffic , out of the tunnel , and up into ... ext . queen - street - continuous credit montage begin as Frank cruise home . it have stop raining . Frank pass by billboard and other evidence of the approach met / baltimore oriole World Series . he circle a little league ball field wave to some oldster . ext . sullivan house - queen - continuous Frank glide the harley alongside he house . a feisty dalmatian puppy elvis bark he welcome from behind a fence . feeling fatigue , Frank dismount and enter the backyard , play for a moment with elvis while he upright a training bicycle , tidy up baseball equipment , and glance up at a ham radio antenna secure to the roof , before enter through a backdoor . there be a sense of routine to all this . int . sullivan house - kitchen - continuous the kitchen be empty . Breakfast dish in the sink . Frank flip on the radio . it play out under the rest of the montage as coverage of the oil truck crash blend into other news storey . a note on the refrigerator read : 8:15 . hey , Bud . I be off to work . johnny 's at school . elvis be feed . I luv you . setting a grapefruit and a slice of toast on the table , Frank glance at the Daily News . but he eye be tired , he stare off into space ... let go . int . sullivan house - master bathroom - continuous a radio in the bedroom be tune to sport news . Frank soak in a hot bath . he look like he might fall asleep - and do . credit end . int . sullivan house - master bedroom - afternoon crash ! a softball blows through the window from the backyard , landing on the rug next to the bed . Frank bolt awake , stare at the bust window . he check the clock . it be 5:15 . he step to the break window . several SMALL boy scurry from the yard . two other , johnny sullivan and gordo hersch , both 6 , stand freeze in place . elvis tear in circle around they . all be very quiet . then , from somewhere beyond the bedroom door , we hear the Beatles ' back in the the ussr ... int . sullivan house - kitchen - continuous julia sullivan , 32 , be rockin ' out , chopping vegetable . julia ( sing to song ) ... show I 'round the smokey mountain way down south ... adorable , sweet and strong . strawberry blonde hair , sapphire eye , soft earthy vibe . a beauty . Frank , wear fdny sweat , move into the kitchen flipping the softball from hand to hand . Julia turn to he and roll she eye at the sight of the ball . say no more . frank hey , bud . julia hey , bud . without break stride , he give she a smack on the lip and step to the screen door to the back porch . ext . sullivan house - backyard - continuous johnny stand nervously outside the door . elvis sit at he side . gordo watch from the safety of he own porch next door . Frank open the screen door , cast a stern look down at he son . frank look like two week worth of allowance , Chief . johnny I know . sorry , dad . frank glad to hear that . and Frank drop the softball into johnny 's mitt , close the screen door and turn back into the kitchen . johnny turn away into the yard . int . sullivan house - kitchen - continuous with a shrug , and share a kid will be kid smile with Julia , he grab a cold rheingold from the refrigerator and head into ... int . sullivan house - family room - continuous ... past a console television , to the hi - FI frank ( call to Julia ) how about a little of the King ? julia ( o.s. ) ( from kitchen ) well , why not a little of the King ? Julia cross she eye , as if she could stop he . Frank move to change record . int . sullivan house - kitchen suddenly , a pan of spaghetti sauce bubbles over . julia damn . frank ( o.s. ) you alright ? julia I think I ruin the sauce ... again . as elvis ' suspicious mind play , Frank step back in , move up behind Julia , and take she in he arm . frank what 's the matter , Jules ? trouble workin ' a eight hour shift , watch the kid and whipping up a little bolognese ? julia you do not marry donna reed . frank I would go with you and chinese take - out over she any time . and he turn she around and they start to dance as Frank sing along to elvis , badly . frank ( cont 'd ) ( sing lyric ) caught in a trap , I can not walk out , because I love you too much b-b-baby . we follow the music as it drift out into the yard where we can see johnny and gordo look in at the weirdness . julia how be you tour ? frank the usual . Frank spot johnny and gordo stare at they . he wink at the boy and swing Julia into a Fred astaire dip . julia ( load ) butch call . frank do he ? julia he do . frank it be under control , Bud . butchy 's just get tight in he old age . julia nothing wrong with old age , Frank ... long as you get there . with a laugh , Frank drop Julia into another dip . as the music fade , we ... ext . sullivan house - dusk close on : bicycle training wheel lie on the sidewalk . johnny be precariously perch on he fire engine red bicycle . he wear a police badge and a whistle around he neck . Frank stand beside he , hold on to the bike seat . we be on a quiet side street next to house . it 's the last light of the day . hold on johnny 's eye ... fear . frank okay , start pedale . johnny daddy put the wheel back on . I be gonna fall . frank do not think about fall , just keep pedale . johnny daddy , I be scared . frank c'mon , Chief , show some gut . johnny take a gulp of air , do not want to disappoint he father , nod okay . he start pedale . slowly move forward . Frank hold on to the seat . Frank 's still hang on - jogging along side . frank ( cont 'd ) I be gonna let go ! Frank let 's go . johnny 's pump that little six year - old leg , but he start to wobble out of control -- crash ! johnny start to cry , quickly get up and run back to the house . Julia come out of the kitchen door . johnny run into she arm . frank ( cont 'd ) do not quit on I now , Chief . johnny tear himself from Julia 's arm , run inside . frustrate , Frank light up another cigarette . julia do not be so tough on he Frank , he 's six year old . ( softer ) he just need to know you be right there behind he . Frank take a deep drag on the butt . step onto the yard and stare up at the starry night . angle on upstair window int . sullivan house - johnny' room - continuous johnny' Pov : Frank stand in the yard , wishing on a star . johnny look up at the sky and make a wish of he own . pull back & pan up to STAR - strewn sky , camera racing toward : ext . outer space - continuous countless point of light blaze across vast blackness . a luminous blue sphere float peacefully below earth . we be 22,000 mile away in geosynchronous orbit . multi - billion dollar piece of hardware drift into and fill the frame - 1 1960 's communication satellite , NASA & hughes logo affix to the glisten aluminum hull . all be still for some moment . but then a sound disturb the quiet of the cosmos . it 's come from the horizon . from something that look like a hole in the fabric of space . Bright streak of starlight swirl around into that hole . and slowly the satellite begin drift towards it - pull in by some invisible force . follow the satellite as it be sucked into the vortex . int . space anomaly - continuous we look through the ripple of warpe space- time . as if hold a lens to one eye , we glimpse two earth at once -- two identical North Americas . the two earth turn slightly ... ext . sullivan house - dusk - 1998 through the screen door , we be close on a man' face , stare out ... JOHN f. sullivan , 35 . John 's eye tell we he need more than just a shave and a good night 's sleep . this man have demon . right now he be looking out at : samantha taylor , 33 . a knockout . Dark blonde hair , pierce blue eye . not happy . she jam a suitcase into the back seat of she car and start back for the house . JOHN so , that 's it , Sam ? you be just walk out ? int . sullivan house - kitchen - continuous samantha stride in past John towards a washer / dryer . samantha I have be walk out for the last six month . you do not notice ... or care . she grab clothes from the dryer and exit to ... int . sullivan house - live room - continuous ... towards a stairway beyond , John not far behind . JOHN Fine , go ahead and save the whole world , Sam . ( sip he beer ) you do not gotta worry about I . samantha damn you . I try . but you would not help I . int . sullivan house - master bedroom - continuous samantha step into the bedroom to a open suitcase and travel bag . she start jam the clean clothes into the suitcase and then begin to close the case and bag . JOHN you be right . we should have quit a long time ago . Sam can not hold back anymore - she cry openly . JOHN ( cont 'd ) it 's not you fault . it 's mine . I can not change . wish I could , Sam . but I can not . and suddenly samantha 's tear turn to anger . samantha that 's not true and you know it . John have no reply . all he can do be watch as she take she stuff and head for the door . samantha ( cont 'd ) Goodbye , Chief . John stand immobilize in the middle of the room . he look down and spot a teddy bear half stick under a read chair . and then to a photo of he and Sam at a carnival shoot gallery . Sam 's hold the teddy bear . John turn at the SOUND of the backdoor slamm . look out a window down to samantha get in she car and drive away . int . sullivan house - kitchen - continuous John enter , go straight for a half empty bottle of bushmills irish whiskey . as he bring the bottle to he mouth ... brrrring . the phone . int . sullivan house - family room - continuous swigge bushmills as he step to a combination portable phone / answer machine , John take off he jacket . we notice two thing : a napped detective shield and a .38 revolver . brriing . John grab the phone . JOHN what ? it do not matter , Lady . why ?... Cause I do not get no friend or family . bang . slam down the phone . and stare around the room . we've be in this house before -- 29 year ago . this be Frank and Julia sullivan 's house . time have not be good to it . Furnishings have not change much , but the house be miss the warmth it have when a family fill it with love . John 's eye dart to a photograph next to the desk . it be a picture of the sullivan family from back then . too many memory . he grab he coat , head out ... ext . little league baseball field - queen - evening the field be empty . cover in shadow . John sit alone on the top row of the bleacher , cradling he bottle of bushmills . he take a long pull . as he stare down at the empty field , he eye slowly drift over to home plate ... audio flashback : a voice rise up out of the darkness . the voice of memory ... announcer batting next . johnny Sullivan . we hear the sound of cheering parent . the clapping , whistling & shout be hauntingly juxtapose against the empty play field and bleacher we see on the screen . crack : sound of the bat solidly connect with the ball . camera follow invisible runner from home to first base . announcer ( cont 'd ) Sullivan 's safe at first . batting for johnny 's father be ... coach Newman . John take a deep breath , glance from first base back to home plate ... then look off into the distance - a cold thousand yard stare . ext . sullivan house - night John shuffles up the pathway . the SOUND of a tv - x-file - filter out from inside the house . int . sullivan house - continuous John walk in the front door . gordy jr. , 8 , carry a overstuff blt , whizze by ... gordy JR . hi , uncle John . John notice smoke filter out of he kitchen . JOHN I be not you uncle , kid . ( yell into kitchen ) gordo , what be you do here ? gordo ( o.s. ) sully ! be that you ? follow John into the kitchen . int . sullivan house - kitchen - continuous meet gordon hersch , 35 , computer geek , lovable dough boy . last see by we in 1969 as a six - year old . gordo hey , sull . my cable 's out again . JOHN what the hell be that smell ? John glance at a mound of burnt bacon drip on the stove . gordo can you believe ellen still will not let I cook in the house ? I melt one lousy fry pan , y'know ? gordy Jr. scoot into the kitchen . gordy JR . John , guess what ? dad 's take I fishing . wanna come ? JOHN wish I could , gordy . but you bring I back a big one . gordo hey , ok if gordy use you old gear ? JOHN I think it 's somewhere in the closet ... if you can find it . gordy Jr. run out . o.s. sound of he rummage through hall closet . gordo so Yahoo go up another two point . man , do we miss the boat on that one . John put the bushmills bottle down , and grab two molson . JOHN coulda , woulda , shoulda , pal . John laugh , hand gordo a beer , and light up a cigarette . gordo Sam call ellen . John react . nothing else need to be say . a beat , then ... gordo ( cont 'd ) why do not you come with we ? Three day of fresh air and barbecue would do you some good , man . gordy JR . ( o.s. ) dad , John , c'mere ... int . sullivan house - entry hall - continuous gordy Jr. stick out of the closet , attempt to drag out a large black steamer trunk , stencile with yellow letter . gordo hey , gordy , what ' ya do ? gordy JR . dad , check it out . Fire Department ! can I open it up ? John think about it for a second . noting the curious glee in little gordy 's face , nod ok . gordy Jr. pop open the latch , open the trunk . gordo crouch down beside he son , check out the dusty content . hold on john' reaction to what gordy Jr. find in the trunk . gordy JR . ( cont 'd ) wow . gordy Jr. reach in and take out : fdny helmet & jacket . briefly put on the enormous helmet , then set it aside . reaches back into the trunk and pull out the disassembled piece of a 12 gauge shotgun . gordo hey ! gimmie that ! gordo take the shotgun from the boy and place it gingerly inside the closet . simultaneously , gordy Jr. hand off a leather - bound scrapbook to John . before John can react , gordy Jr. lift up a amateur radio transceiver . gordy JR . what 's this , dad ? angle back on JOHN powerful memory fill he face . gordo John , that 's you dad 's old ham radio . remember ? remember how we use to beg he to let we talk on that thing ? close on the transceiver and microphone - mint condition 1965 yaesu ft 101 , and a " Silver Eagle " astatic D - 104 microphone . JOHN / gordo this be not a toy . gordy JR . can we try it dad , can we try it ? gordo look at John . JOHN what the hell . int . sullivan house - study - continuous Glass door separate the study from the family room . the ham radio be set on a dusty wooden desk . scotch - tape to the top of the radio be a diagram for the radio setup and " qsl " card : certificate from around the world acknowledge " contact " with " wb2yxb " -- frank sullivan , bayside NY . gordo hook up the radio . gordy Jr. shut off the tv . gordy JR . so this be what people use before the Net , huh ? gordo man , do I feel old . gordo turn the radio on . show gordy how it work . gordy rotate the tuning dial , nothing but " dead band . " static . JOHN it 's junk , kid . nobody use that thing anymore . knock . Front door open . John 's head turn around . meet ellen , 35 , gordo 's wife . the grow - up in the family . ellen gordo , do you know what time it be ? ( a beat ) hi , John . JOHN ellen . ellen notice John 's weary look but say nothing . we get the sense she know what be wrong . ellen c'mon gordy , let 's go . gordy JR . oh , mom ... ext . sullivan house - continuous gordo and family pour into the yard between the two house . John shuffles out behind they . gordo and gordy Jr. quickly disappear into they house , but ellen linger for a moment - look back at John stand alone . ellen you all right , John ? JOHN oh , yeah . ellen hold she glance for a moment . John smile , thinly mask he sadness . ellen nod okay , and she be go . John look up at the star , then down to the ham radio antenna on he roof , now look raggedy from 29 year of neglect . int . sullivan house - family room - later close on tv : larry king be interview stephen hawking . John be back on the bushmills . he race clumsily for the cordless phone . close on speed dial button . John hit # 3. julia ( answer machine voice ) hi , this be Julia . please leave a message after the tone . JOHN hey , ma , it 's I . check in . probably at work . anyway , I will see you tomorrow night . Love you . John put down the phone . stare at the fdny trunk . he stumble to it . sit down and open it up . it 's fill with he dad 's stuff . he pick up and leaf through the old scrapbook - photo and clipping illustrate family history ... a quick glimpse of dad 's high school baseball team ; Mom and dad 's 60' wedding . close on photo : John at he first Communion picture with he mother - we sense loss and sadness in he eye - this boy look hurt . a fold newspaper drop out . John pick it up . Front page of the DAILY news . top half read : " October 13 , 1969 . amazin' take game 2 - series even . " the lower half read : " fireman kill in warehouse blaze " he shove the paper back in the scrapbook . put the album down - he can not deal with that wound . he glance up at the tv : larry king be this anomaly connect to the space storm and the NASA satellite that disappear in 1969 ? hawking we do not know . but give the similarity of they location and appearance , this be a question that merit further investigation . note : Larry King 's show play for the duration of this scene . John settles in , take off he work shirt . underneath he have on a T-shirt . we notice a nicotine patch on he arm . do not stop he from burn another marlboro . JOHN be suddenly startled by a noise from the study - a loud burst of static . frank ( over radio ) cq 15 , here be wb2 yxb , by for call . John get up , bushmill bottle in hand , and stumble into ... int . sullivan house - study - continuous frank ( o.s. ) cq 15 , come in 15 . approach the desk , John sit down at the radio . reaches out to the mic -- press down on the red squawk bar . JOHN uh , hello ? frank ( o.s. ) wb2 ykxb , who have I get ? JOHN ( slightly slur ) name 's John . in the background of franks voice , we barely hear walter cronkite interview someone . frank be you license to broadcast , buddy ? JOHN look , I do not really remember how this thing work . frank listen , you can not broadcast without a license . unless this be a emergency , you gotta get off the band . JOHN ( chuckle ) pal , my whole life 's a emergency . a pause . frank where be you transmit from ? JOHN queen , New York . frank whatta ya know . bayside , bear and raise . JOHN I think this thing be for talkin ' around the world . frank 15 - band close down at night . during the day you can chew the band with China if you want . JOHN I can not believe people be still use this thing . as John release the squawk bar , the distant sound of Frank 's tv filter out of the ham . frank can you hold on a second ? and then John hear the sound of a door close . frank ( cont 'd ) sorry ' bout that . so queen , you psyched for the Series ? JOHN ( take a swig ) I do not really follow baseball anymore . frank what ? JOHN I get feed up with all the bullshit . frank fed up ? lemme tell you something , in a 1000 year , when school kid study America , they be gonna learn about three thing : the constitution , rock and ' Roll , and Baseball . despite he mood , John have to smile . frank ( cont 'd ) how can you live in queen and not love the amazin' ? John warm to the topic of he boyhood heroes . JOHN if you be talk the amazin ' Met , well , that 's different . you know people talk about seaver , but I will love ron swoboda till the day I die . static crackle out over the radio . the signal weaken . frank ( through static ) I be right with you , man . he 's get the heart of a lion . hey , how ' bout the first game of the Series ? JOHN yeah . it be all over after buford nail seaver 's first pitch outta the park . more static . frank no way , brother . ai not gonna happen . bzzzsssshhhh - loud static . the signal be gone . JOHN who the hell be that ? behind he , on tv , Larry King and hawking continue talk . int . sullivan house - study - night - 1969 another finger pressing down on the red squawk bar ... frank sullivan . seat at the polished wooden desk . frank hello , queen . you there ? silence . the signal be go . Frank lean forward , jiggle the frequency dial , try to regain the signal . no luck . slightly frustrated , he stand and open the glass door to the family room where Julia be watch tv - a very young stephen hawking be be interview by walter cronkite , 52 . julia frankie , johnny want to say goodnight . frank ( a little distract ) sure . he start to take a step into the room , and stumble over elvis , sleep by the door ... knocking into and cracking a glass pane in one door . int . sullivan house - study - 1998 John , dog tired and more than a little waste , get up from the desk , inadvertently leave the Ham Radio on , and shuffles for the family room through the glass door . camera hold , close on the glass pane ... cracked in the exact same spot where Frank knock into it 29 - year ago . int . sullivan house - johnny' bedroom - night - 1969 Frank unpin the police badge from johnny 's shirt , take the whistle from around he neck . he pull up the cover and softly kiss johnny 's forehead . you can tell he love this kid more than anything in the world . frank ( lullaby - like ) take I out to the ballgame , take I out with the crowd . buy I some peanut and cracker jack ... int . sullivan house - family room - 1998 John plop down on sofa , half asleep . the tv drone on . JOHN ... I do not care if I never get back . fade to black . the legend read : october 11th - first game of the world series Blue sky . a softball soar into view . it drop down and into a willie may ' style basket catch by Frank Sullivan . ext . little league baseball field - queen - day - 1969 the same Little League field that Frank circle on he harley yesterday , October 10 , 1969 . and the same field at which John sit in the stand drink last night , October 10 , 1998 . we be in the 9th inning of a friendly softball game between the local cop and firemen . a lot of nypd and fdny t-shirt , sweat and cap . plenty of Met stuff , too . have make the catch , Frank coolly pull the ball from he mitt as he start run toward the infield diamond . tagging up at 3rd , sorely tempt to try for home be satch deleon , 30 , nypd detective . satch feint for the plate , Frank feint the throw . for a madden , gleeful moment , Frank have satch catch between 3rd and home . in the stand , johnny Sullivan , marge hersch and the family of the other ballplayer scream for whomever they want to win this game of chicken . on the sideline , johnny , gordo and the other kide serve as batboys and waterboys , jump around in anticipation . at home , butch Foster station himself to take the throw . suddenly , satch fake to 3rd , then bolt for home . Frank peg it to butch , who tag the slide satch . game over . satch lucky throw , fire boy . frank ( jogging in ) luck , my ass . they square off . pretend to fight . Julia step between they . and they all descend into laughter . Frank and satch each wrap a arm around Julia and start off . within a step , johnny slip in under Frank 's other arm . frank ( cont 'd ) ( to johnny ) see that , kid . practice . practice . int / ext . butch house - day - later Close on a tv : president nixon toss the first ball to open the 1969 world series . reverse to see many of the player and family from the softball game be park around a couple of tvs watch the game . Beer flow from a keg . soft drink be pass around . hamburgers and hot dog be cooking on the bbq . satch sit with johnny and gordo and some other kid . Frank and Julia tend the bbq . butch bring out some beer . a fun day . ext . construction site - day - 1998 a detective's car pull up next to a couple of blue & white at West 155th St. the Northern tip of Manhattan Island . across construction barricade be a half - tear down greek restaurant . several uniform can be see beyond it , look at something on the ground . as John exit the car , the passenger door swing open and we meet a guy we have not see in 29 year - satchel deleon , 59 . shave head , square jaw . a ram -rod straight , craggy warrior . thirty - plus year on the force now endow he with a rare combination of smart , gut and sense of humor . satch ( as they walk ) do not choke on you pride , sull . you be not ever gonna catch another one like that . JOHN she make up she mind . nothin ' I do be gonna change it . satch nothing you be willing to do . spot John and satch , a uniform approach they . they keep on walk . JOHN what 's the story ? uniform Survey crew find a body . actually a skeleton . over here . the uniform lead John and satch around some overgrown weed to see a patch of freshly unearth dirt ... out of which stick a human skull and collar bone . in the b.g. , a crime scene unit can be see arrive by van . satch be real careful when pull it out . and get the dirt around it . as satch turn to talk to a second uniform and a couple of surveyor , John notice a man rake leave in a yard not far away . as he start to he , to satch : JOHN I think I will visit the neighbor . int . shepard residence - day - continuous close on fred shepard , 72 . as the scene unfold , we can see the half tear down diner / crime scene through a window . satch oversee the operation . mrs . shepard , 70 , hand John a cup of coffee . JOHN thanks . John look out the window . mr. shepard use to get breakfast there all the time back from the boat . they Greeks be good people . once that McDonalds open up on dyckman , they lose all they business . John glance around the room - note family photograph . there 's a picture of shepard in young day on a commercial fishing boat . next to it a fade black and white picture of Mrs. shepard , 35 . a few picture of the shepard and they young son . and at the end , a color photograph of the same son , about 20 , in dress blue , graduate from the Police Academy - CLASS of ' 64 . JOHN you son on the job ? mr. shepard be . Carl die in the line of duty . October ' 69 . JOHN I be sorry . shepard point to a frame above the fireplace : distinguish service Medal , carl shepard , award posthumously . mr. shepard my boy live and ble blue . silence . Mr. and Mrs. shepard stand very still . John discreetly glance at he watch . ext . construction site - moment later thunder in the distance . crime scene personnel have make some progress in unearthing the skeletal remain . a couple of drop of rain tap the ground and the bone . John stand look down at the skeleton . a long beat . and then he turn to satch and they start for the car . behind they , the skeleton be carefully pull free from the ground . we see its wrist be bound with glass tape . int . julia' apartment - manhattan - evening - later chinese take -out carton be place in a microwave . widen to reveal the woman hold the carton : julia sullivan , 29 year older than the last time we see she . but she look okay , she look happy . we be in the kitchen of Julia 's Upper West side apartment . it be raining . we notice the GEORGE WASHINGTON bridge outside a BAY window . julia ( call out ) I think it would be nicer to eat here . JOHN ( o.s. ) sound good . julia ( walk into the other room ) I be sorry Sam could not make it . JOHN ( lie badly ) yeah , that grad school application be drive she crazy . Julia hand John a Coke . Close on she face - she feel she son 's pain . julia I be sure everything will work out . ( beat ) she really love you ... JOHN ( change the subject ) so how be thing at the hospital ? julia Fine . you know Dr. schwartz retire last month ? JOHN no kidd and , he musta be push 90 ! julia Close . beat . JOHN so how would you like lion king ? julia oh , I love it . I wish you would go . JOHN I know . I be sorry . work . julia you work too hard , John . JOHN look who 's talk . they share a laugh . and then slowly the laughter die . John 's expression change as he quietly light a cigarette . Julia know what he 's think ... julia 29 - year tomorrow . a long beat . JOHN I wish I could remember he better . Truth be , most of the stuff I know be from the storey you use to tell . but they be not mine . they be not my memory . they be yours . Julia glance at a old photo of Frank , then back to John . julia you would have like he , John . and he would have like you . ping . the microwave timer sound off . int . sullivan house - study - clear night - 1969 close on Frank 's dog , elvis . poke he nose in a carton of chinese take - out on the floor . a arm drop into frame - scruff the puppy 's back . the rolex diver 's watch tell we the arm belong to Frank . widen to reveal : Frank sit at he desk . he fire up a unfiltered lucky strike , pop a rheingold . next to he a Daily News headline - NASA investigate space STORM . frank ... wb2 yxb call unidentified station , queen . cq 15 . JOHN ( o.s. ) ( over radio , sound like he 's have a few drink ) hello ? frank I be q-ing you all night . how the hell do you do it ? JOHN ( o.s. ) huh ? frank the World Series . you call buford 's homer . JOHN ( o.s. ) be not too tough , buddy . game happen almost thirty year ago . frank what be you talk about ? I be talk about this afternoon . JOHN ( o.s. ) this afternoon ? Frank put he finger on the squawk bar , about to say something , but just at that moment he son johnny appear in the doorway in he pajamas . johnny daddy , come up and sing the baseball . frank ( to johnny ) I will be up soon , Little Chief . int . sullivan house - study - rainy night - 1998 John Sullivan 's face , thunderstruck . the camera stay on John . he put down he drink . frank ( o.s. ) sorry ' bout that . JOHN what would you just say ? frank ( o.s. ) oh , that be my kid . John look up at the photo on the wall : frank , julia and six year old johnny sullivan ( circa 1969 ) . a beat , then : JOHN you call you son Little Chief ? frank ( o.s. ) uh huh ... JOHN what would you say you name be ? CUT to close on frank Frank ... Frank Sullivan . now back on JOHN be this some kind of joke ? gordo be that you ? be you fuck with I ? frank ( o.s. ) look pal , I be just askin ' how you ... JOHN you be tell I you name be Frank Sullivan , you live in queen and you just see the first game of the ' 69 Series ... live ? frank ( o.s. ) right ... and I be ask how you call the game . JOHN gordo , if this be you , so help I ... frank ( o.s. ) what the hell do gordy have to do with it ? John 's Pov - top of radio - in fade pen , on a piece of mask tape , be write : " wb2yxb " JOHN what would you say you station ...uh , you call letter be ? frank ( o.s. ) w...b...2... yxb . the call letter hang in the air . a breath , then ... JOHN now you listen to I . my name be John Francis Sullivan , I live at 1060 41st , where I have live my whole life . and I see the first game of the ' 69 Series at my uncle butch 's house with my father ... frank ( o.s. ) what ? JOHN 29 - year ago . CUT to : Frank drop he cigarette in the ashtray . it roll out and lie smolder on the desk . he do not even notice . frank 29 year ...? back on JOHN my dad 's name be Frank Patrick Sullivan , he be a fire fighter and a die -hard Met fan . and every night when I go to bed he sing to I ... ( softly , almost sing ) take I out to the ball game , take I out with the crowd ... beat . frank ( o.s. ) what the hell ... JOHN I be dream this . shit , this be a dream . frank ( o.s. ) I be not dream . John reach out to touch the radio . but he stop , he hand hover just above it . JOHN so you be Frank Sullivan , huh ? it 's 1969 and you be sit at you desk in the study , just chewin ' the rag ? back on frank . he smell smoke , see the cigarette burn a hole in the desk . spook , smokey the bear just start a fire . frank Christ ! Frank beat out the flame with the newspaper . JOHN ( o.s. ) what 's go on ? frank ( lie ) nothing ... I just spill something . CUT to : a distinctive burn scar gradually morphing onto john' desk . John push the bushmills to the side , stare at the scar . it hit he - hard . JOHN oh my god . frank ( o.s. ) what ? JOHN you just burn the desk . frank ( o.s. ) what 's happen ? John rub he finger over the old burn scar . JOHN you burnt the desk ... I can see it . eerie quiet , the only sound be the rain outside John 's window . back on frank that 's impossible . JOHN ( o.s. ) what if it 's not ... on JOHN reach out , touch the radio . JOHN ( cont 'd ) dad ...? frank ( o.s. ) johnny ...? shockwave . a long moment of absorption . intercut Frank and John . frank ( cont 'd ) how could this be happen ? JOHN I do not know . frank we gotta be bounce off the mother sun spot of all time . JOHN Sun spot ? frank yeah , that 's how ham work . JOHN wait a sec ... there be something on the news . something about this space anomaly . I think they say it be connect to some storm in ' 69 . Frank glance at DAILY news headline - space STORM . he say nothing for a long beat , struggle to understand . frank you sound ... ground up ...? JOHN I be thirty - five year old . frank thirty -five ? that would make it ... JOHN 1998 . Frank pull back from the radio ... frank 1998 ...? this be wrong . who be you ? why be you do this ? JOHN I be not do anything . ( beat ) look , I do not know what 's go on . but I swear on my life , I " m here at you old desk , on you Ham , in we house , right now ... in 1998 . John 's voice have a conviction that Frank can not deny . frank it 's really you , be not it ? JOHN yeah ... I think so . silence . both man try to wrap they mind around the reality of the situation . slowly accept . frank thirty -five ? Jesus , you be almost as old as I be ... ( long beat ) what 's you life like ? you marry ? get kid ? beat . JOHN no , not yet . frank too busy playin ' ball , huh ? JOHN Nah , I give it up . on frank johnny give up baseball ? frank you happy ? John take a sip , the answer catch in he throat . frank ( cont 'd ) you be still my Little Chief , right ? JOHN I be try to be , dad . I be tyrin' . ( pause ) it 's good to hear you voice . ( quiet beat ) I miss you ... so much . quiet beat . a burst of static crackle the air . JOHN ( cont 'd ) ( be : static ) what 's that ? frank I think I be lose you . JOHN no wait , do not go ! frank it 's okay . I be still here , Chief . JOHN but you be not ... you be not still here . more static . the signal break up , then return weaker . frank what be you talk about ? JOHN I lose you . frank what ? JOHN I never know you , dad . frank why ? JOHN Fire . frank on the job ? JOHN it be a abandon warehouse - hit by lighten . ( beat ) butch tell ma it be just one wrong turn . Said it be not you fault . you go with the training , with you instinct . ( beat ) if you would just go leave instead of right , you would have make it . frank that can not be ... that 's not gonna happen . JOHN it do , pop . it do . frank when ? JOHN October 12 , 1969 . heavy static now . they can barely hear each other . frank but that 's tomorrow . JOHN ( fully realize ) tomorrow . Jesus ... it have not happen . it do not have to happen . both man frantic . they word overlap ... JOHN ( cont 'd ) do not go . do not go in that warehouse ... frank I do not understand . final blast of static . the signal be gone . the band be gone . int . sullivan house - johnny' bedroom - night - 1969 moonlight cast a glow over the sleep johnny . Frank step in and stand look down at he . ext . roof of JOHN be house - night - 1998 John crawl out a window , through the rain , onto the roof . john' Pov rust Ham radio antenna , half - fall over . John scoot over to it , straighten it . but he slip , slide down the roof , come to rest against the chimney . a light pop on from a upstairs window across the street . gordo appear in the window . do a double take when he see John , sit on the roof , soak , drunk . gordo ( slide open window ) sull ! what the hell ! JOHN I talk to he gordo . I talk to my dad . gordo 's heart start to break . his best friend have slip over the edge . gordo c'mon , man . get inside . I will come over . we will play some nintendo . JOHN no . I gotta tell he the address , so he do not go in . gordo go in where ? JOHN the warehouse . Buxton seed . it 's tomorrow . gordo I know pal . I remember . twenty -nine year tomorrow . the legend read : october 12th - second game of the world series ext . abandoned warehouse / buxton seed CO . - afternoon - 1969 black cloud , earth shatter thunder . a massive bolt of lightning rocket out of the menace sky striking through a window on the 3rd floor of the warehouse . a FIRE begins . int . FIRE house - 9th battalion / rec room - continuous game 2 play on tv . butch , Gibson and the rest of the unit sit around enjoy the game . a very distract Frank stand watch from the doorway to the kitchen . we be in the bottom of the 9th with the Baltimore oriole ' brook Robinson come to the plate . gibson oh , man . Robinson be gonna nail it and we be gonna be dead . suddenly the alarm sound , move the groan firemen reluctantly to action , and freezing Frank in surging anxiety . Gibson be up and pass Frank ... who begin to move like he 's in a trance . a rapid montage of Frank , butch and the other readying to head out . Gibson grab a little transistor radio . butch let 's move it , gentleman ... three alarm . lit up abandon warehouse . West 49th . Frank look like he 's go to throw up . ext . manhattan ST . - cop bar - dusk - 1998 John , lose in think , round a corner towards the bar . ext . STREET - ladder truck - moving - afternoon - 1969 the ladder & engine truck barrel out of the firehouse . as siren scream , Frank and Gibson secure themselves into position . Gibson excitedly switch on he radio to the game . he note that Frank be not the least bit into it . gibson sully , you cool ? Frank seem not to hear he . gibson ( cont 'd ) Frank . hey , man . you alright ? frank I be alright , gibby . from the radio we hear the last play of the game as brook Robinson grounds out 3rd to 1st . met win ! cheer be hear in the street and from the cab of the racing fire truck . Gibson whoops it up . Frank barely acknowledge the win . int . cop bar - dusk - 1998 John move through the crowd of cop - ad lib greeting - slide into a booth occupy by satch and gordo . gordo how you feel ? JOHN better . satch you get you roof fix ? John shoot a look at gordo , who quickly change the subject . gordo can you believe it , Yahoo go up another point today ... ext . buxton warehouse - dusk - 1969 locate off the East River in lower Manhattan . the 9th battalion Fire truck be first on the scene . a couple of GREEN & white be already there , uniform cop keep a few onlooker at a safe distance . flame shoot out from the 4th and 5th floor window . start to lick they way up to the 6th floor and roof . smoke billow out of the window on the 3rd and 2nd floor . lighter smoke spiral out from the door on the 1st floor . Frank , Gibson and other firemen under butch 's command take stock of the situation and start to deploy . hose be run from hydrant to the pumper truck . the ladder be swing into position for a assault on the roof . gibson bastard 's move fast . butch thank God it 's abandon . ( to the man ) surround and drow ... nobody go in . Frank nod in agreement . directly above they , another bolt of lightning crack through the darken sky . a death shudder creep up Frank 's spine . and for the first time in he life , Frank Sullivan be scare shitless . Frank stare up at the sky , transfix . thunder punch the sky with a huge roar . rain start to fall . and in the distance , as if from inside the burn building , a faint scream be first hear , and grow louder . frank hear that ? butch what ? suddenly , out of the building run a stoned teenage girl scream and babbling incoherently . girl help ! help ! oh , god . help . she 's up there . she 's trap ! please ! immediately galvanize , Frank move to the girl . frank hey , hey . it 's gonna be okay . we be gonna help . okay ? okay . she start to calm down . frank ( cont 'd ) now tell I , who 's up there ? girl my girlfriend , Molly . frank where ? girl in a room ... a office ... or something . we live there . top floor . something fall on she . I could not help she . please , you gotta ...gotta ... Frank look to butch . a beat . butch give he the nod . Frank and Gibson gear up and go . int . cop bar - dusk - 1998 gordo you realize that if you would buy a thousand dollar worth of Yahoo in ' 96 , it would be worth fifty - grand today ? satch you doin ' okay , John ? JOHN tough day , you know . satch and gordo nod in sympathy . gordo raise he glass . satch and John follow . a yearly ritual . gordo & satch to you dad . JOHN to my dad . int . buxton warehouse - dusk - 1969 Frank and Gibson step into the warehouse . butch behind they . flame have not reach this area yet , but the roar of the fire above they be deafen , and smoke billow down the stairway before they . they sprint towards it and start up . one floor . two floors . three floors , and suddenly they be face to face with a wall of FIRE block access to the 4th floor . Frank and Gibson stop and stare into the inferno . frank it look open on the other side . gibson do not know what 's behind it . frank one way to find out . and he barrel through the line of fire onto the 4th floor . Gibson start to do the same when the 5th floor give way above Frank , send burn timber and debris cascade around he and cut off Gibson 's route . now Frank 's only way to go be up the stair toward the 5 th floor . he turn to Gibson . come up behind he be butch . across a gulf of flame Frank yell and wave at they to get the hell out . and then suddenly , part of the 3rd floor around Gibson and butch start to go . frank ( cont 'd ) ( scream over fire ) get out ... while you still can ... Frank turn and bolt for the 5th floor as a huge flame beam crash down onto the stairway behind he , force Gibson and butch to scramble like hell back down the stair . frank ( cont 'd ) ( soft ) ... it 's not you time . intercut with ext . buxton warehouse - continuous Fire fighter be efficiently and expertly hard at it . running out line . extend ladder . move a FIRE boat into place - all communicate via walkie-talky all on the same frequency . the big ladder be now in place . as it telescope up , the roof man , bill cawley , begin he climb . pump truck and the FIRE boat keep pump water onto the blaze . but no matter . for the moment , this be one out of control nightmare FIRE . back to Frank reach the 5th floor . it 's a inferno . he keep move , tear up the stair for the 6th floor . gibson ( o.s. ) ( over walkie ) gotta be another way up , Frank . frank ( into walkie ) then fuckin ' find it . ( head in ) I be go for the girl . butch ( o.s. ) ( over walkie ) billy , you better get up top . ext . warehouse build / ladder - continuous roof man edge up the ladder , as it telescope above he . roof man this be billy , Frank . I be on my way . South side . int . warehouse - continuous frank ( reach 6th floor ) glad to hear it . see you on top . FIRE have torch OPEN a gaping hole in the roof . Frank peer around through the smoke and fire and rain . then he see , huddle in the temporary saftey of the corner of a office , but trap by a fall conduit , the girl , pass out from smoke inhalation . frank ( cont 'd ) ( into walkie ) I have find the girl . int . warehouse office - continuous a hippie crash pad Frank dash into the office and heave the conduit off the girl . he hoist she over he shoulder and head out . ext . warehouse - continuous butch and Gibson exit the warehouse past the hose crew already work its way into the building . they look up to the top of the warehouse where the ladder be haltingly inching its way up the side of the building . int . buxton warehouse /6th floor - continuous the fire on this floor be now a raging inferno . flame shoot up from the stairway below through the open roof . surrounded by fire , Frank , carry the girl , stride for what look like a window on the south side of the floor . frank ( into walkie ) it 's real hot in here , billy . I be come out quick . but apprehension rip across Frank 's eye as he reach the window and look down to see . ext . buxton warehouse - continuous the top end of the ladder frozen some 10 feet below the window . between walkie - talkie . roof man I be jamme up here , Frank ! int . buxton warehouse - continuous frank oh mother ... ext . buxton warehouse - continuous butch and Gibson be now by the base of the ladder truck which be near the canal side of the building . butch scream at the ladder operator . butch what the fuck , gino ! tell I ! ladder operator / gino gear box crack , butch . we be fuck . butch ( into walkie ) Frank ! Frank ! int . buxton warehouse - 6th floor - continuous frank I know , butch . I know . Frank click off the walkie-talkie and turn to survey the hell around he . the stairway be gone . to the right be a door , flame around it , but none come from the room beyond it . to the left , another door , a metal one , this one surround by fire - flame lick out all around it from room beyond . easy choice . Frank turn , head towards door on the right . no. wait . he stop . something's wrong . heart pounding , lung collapsing , eye & skin burning , every fucking brain cell scream ... think ! we hear john' word echo in franks head : JOHN ( v.o. ) ... one wrong turn ... ( beat ) if you would just go leave . and for the first time in he life , Frank Sullivan go against he instinct and he training as he ... turn back around and goe the other way . int . cop bar - dusk - 1998 gordo be in the middle of a story when ... gordo ... principal call we in ' cause gordy hack into the school system - send out a little x-rate e-mail . ( nervous laughter ) scary , huh ? eight -year old . satch just keep he away from girl . ... something happen - time stutter and repeat : satch ( cont 'd ) ( repeat ) just keep he away from girl . the effect be like a phonograph needle stick in the groove . it last only a second and nobody seem to notice . nobody except John , who look wildly disorient . he grab hold of the edge of the table as if to keep he equilibrium . John break into a cold sweat . his heart pounding away . int . buxton warehouse - dusk - 1969 franks reach the door on the left . White heat and flame shoot everywhere ... a fucking furnace . he tire to open it . it's locked ! wham ! Frank kick at it . wham ! wham ! the door blow open and flame leap out , the energy of the blast toss Frank and the unconscious girl back onto the floor , fire surging over they head . but then ... he see something on the other side of the doorway , inside the room , on the far wall .: a SMALL metal swinging door . int . buxton warehouse / chute room - continuous Frank cradle the girl . get down on he knee , crawl under the heat . reaching the swinging door . pushes it open , revealing : a smooth metal spiral seed bag chute . Frank rip open he jacket and bundle the girl to he . he work himself and the girl onto the top of the chute . the room begins to shake . brick tumble out of the wall . the whole goddamn build be go to collapse . Frank lurch forward until he and the girl start to move down the chute . int . warehouse chute - continuous as Frank and the girl plunge through the bowel of the inferno ... large portion of the building begin disintegrate around they ... a giant storm of brick , mortar , metal and burning wood bite they tail ... gain speed through each up -rush floor ...5-4-3-2 ... Frank and the girl zoom down towards the end of the slide only to find it's boarded up . oh shit ! Frank grip the girl tight , raise he boot , bend he knee , and like a human batter ram , smashes through the rotted plywood board ext . buxton warehouse / east river canal - continuous they 're airborne . Frank and the girl . float in slow motion out over the canal and landing in the water between the warehouse dock and the fireboat . a yell snap butch 's and Gibson 's attention to what be happen . Gibson start run for the canal , rip off he coat and hat before leaping into the water . but Frank be get pull down by he fire tank and the weight of the girl . finally , Gibson reach he , take the girl . Frank quickly shed he jacket and the tank . butch stand watch on the dock . he take a moment to close he eye in thankful prayer . gibson you okay , man ? frank ( start to giggle ) elvis have leave the building . hitting the water have shot the girl back to consciousness . a look pass between she and Gibson . a look he will not forget . silence . then the thunderous SOUND of the warehouse caving in on itself , send flame shoot high into the sky . Frank lie back , float on the water , the rain pelting around he , let the miracle of it all , take he over . frank ( cont 'd ) ( soft ) Little Chief . crash ! a glass of whiskey shatter on the table . we ar : int . cop bar - dusk - 1998 it happen again . time stutter and repeat . as if the film sprocket be catch in the projector . crash ! the glass shatter again ! crash ... crash ... camera ratchet into the explode storm of the fly glass , ice and whiskey . and then time stop as we hold close on a freeze shard - in it , the crack reflection of John 's eye . the camera move through the reflection and into . john' eye a burst of light and then ... distort image . like look at reflection through a smashed mirror . the crack gel , and we be in ... montage . a series of quick flashing image . 1969 : Frank , johnny , butch and satch at the World Series . 1971 : johnny and gordo sit on Frank 's lap , at the Ham . 1972 : Frank and johnny , play catch . 1976 : johnny win a swim race at longbranch boy Club , Frank cheer . 1984 : Frank , Julia and satch beam with pride as John graduate from the police academy . this image appear as disjointed fragment of new memories - a past that didn't exist before . a past where Frank Sullivan do not die in that fire . it 's like watch random frame from the Sullivan family 's 8 mm home movie as John 's brain struggle to absorb decade of new memories in the span of second . john' Pov normal vision slowly return . the break glass be rock on the table . int . cop bar - continuous gordo John . John , you all right ? JOHN ( a whisper ) longbranch ...? gordo what ? John do not respond . satch you be not look too good . JOHN whoa , I just ... I just ... gordo what be it ? beat . JOHN my father do not die in a fire ? gordo huh ? JOHN my father do not die in a fire ? gordo Fire ? what be you talk about ? he have cancer , John . JOHN Cancer . it be the cigarettes . right ? the cigarettes ? gordo yeah , lung cancer . ten year ago . his hand shaking , John take a long sip of he beer . gordo and satch exchange a concerned look . satch maybe you outta lay off a little ... JOHN gordo , I be not dream . I talk to he , it be real . gordo huh ? JOHN the Ham radio . that 's how come he do not die in the fire . a load silence . Three guy look at each other , think very different thing . int . sullivan house - study - night - 1969 frank ( into radio mic ) johnny ? johnny ? you there ? c'mon , Chief , answer I ... nothing but static . Frank jiggle the frequency dial . frank ( cont 'd ) Chief ? ( louder ) Chief , be you there ? silence . and then a voice ... johnny ( o.s. ) I be right here , daddy . Frank turn . johnny , sleepy face , wrap in he blankie , stand just outside the room - he look a little scared . frank it 's okay , Chief . ( beat ) c'mere . johnny shuffles over , Frank lift he up on he knee - brushes the hair out of he face ... and get a idea . ext . sullivan house - moment later streetlight flood the tree-line street . Frank & johnny stand next to the little red bicycle . frank okay , partner , whatta you say we tame this bronco . close on johnny 's eye : shame & fear - do not want to disappoint he father again , but too scared to get on the bike . Frank reach out , hold johnny 's hand . johnny I be scared . frank do not be scared . this time I be right behind you if you fall . johnny daddy , daddy , I can not . frank no , but we can . we can do it together . Spirit and gut , Chief . a long beat . johnny take a deep breath , nod ok , slowly get on the bike . Frank 's hold on to the seat . frank ( cont 'd ) take you time . I be not gonna let go ' till you say okay . johnny take a gulp of air , start pedale . slowly move forward . the bike pick up some speed . frank ( cont 'd ) you ready ? johnny wait ... frank I be right here behind you ... Frank 's still run alongside , hold on to the seat . johnny okay ! Frank let go . johnny keep pump that little six - year old leg . a bit wobbly at first , but he 's gonna make it . on johnny 's eye : determination & self - confidence . frank ( clap ) yes ! that 's it ! you get it , you get it ! Way to go , Chief ! johnny I be do it ! I be do it ! on franks face the proud father . frank ( under he breath ) Atta boy . overhead shot johnny blissfully riding around Frank in a big gentle circle . Frank slowly spin around keep he eye on he Little Chief . int . sullivan house - study - night - 1998 John walk in the front door , take off he coat ... the house look different . cleaner , furnishings less rag . John move through he home , take in the subtle change . he reach the study . and there , beside the desk , be something that make he stop : a photograph on the wall beside the desk -- frank , julia & fourteen year -old johnny sullivan . JOHN oh my God ... the picture change . John age from 6 to 14 . Julia 's hairstyle and clothes change from 60' to 70' . franks hair recede and gray . jon be stare at evidence of a history that do not exist before . John grab the old family scrapbook he find in Frank 's trunk . open it , unfold " fireman kill " clipping . the main headline still read : " october 13 , 1969 . amazin be take game 2 . 2-1 lead . see sport . " but the sub headline now read : " fireman rescue runaway from inferno " John turn , stare at the radio questioningly . he start to sit down at the desk when he spot something on the front edge of it . word carve into the wood , 29 year ago by fire fighter Frank Sullivan . the day John save he father 's life : i'm still here chief the last letter be miss . but then a patch of wood start to morph - as if it be be carve by a invisible knife . a burst of static . radio crackle to life . frank ( o.s. ) ( through radio ) ...can you hear I ? CUT to : close on frank one hand on the squawk bar , the other hold the jack - knife he be use to finish carve the letter f. JOHN ( o.s. ) ( through radio ) dad ...? frank Chief ?! be that you ? intercut frank and JOHN JOHN yeah , it 's I . frank you be the voice of a angel , johnny . if you have not tell I , no way I would 'a ever make it . Frank cut himself off in mid-sentence . JOHN dad , you there ? you okay ? frank yeah . I be okay . ( beat ) what about you ? I want to know . about you . and you mom . John hesitates for a moment . light up a smoke . JOHN we be do all right , dad . we be do good . frank tell I . JOHN it 's hard to explain . something happen today . it be like a dream . and when I wake up I have all this new memory . good time . Times we never have before . frank I be glad . but John look troubled . something bother he . he take a hit off he cigarette . JOHN dad , I gotta tell you this ... cause you should know . Cause I still remember . frank what , johnny ? what be it ? JOHN what it be like when you die in the fire ... both man be silent for some moment . the hum of static . a breath , then -- JOHN ( cont would ) we need you . I need you . so many time ... I wish for you . but you be not there for I . ( beat ) Mom try . but she be hurt . I use to hear she , every night , for year , cry herself to sleep . Frank grip the radio mic , stunne . frank I do not think ... the static grow . John lean into the mic JOHN well , you think about it . and you remember , cause I do not wanna lose you again . I do not ever want Mom ... John 's voice crack , choke back the tear . frank ( over static ) you will not . I swear to God you will not . I love you , son . a blast of static . the signal be go . it be quiet . John lean back . take a breath . reaches out for the phone . close on phone's three speed dial button . John hit # 3. julia' voice ( through answer machine ) hi , this be Julia . please leave a message after the tone . JOHN ma , it 's I . call I . we gotta talk . as John slowly hang up the phone , something catch he eye . something that be not there yesterday . longbranch boy ' club swimming trophy ... a great summer . int . hospital - emergency room - late night - 1969 through several glass window a clock read : 11:52 pm . Julia and other medical personnel be work on a heart attach victim and they be win . she be in charge and she be impressive . cool...efficient ...expert . a sixth sense cause she to look up to see : frank . stand behind the window . motionless . gazing at he wife . Julia hold on he for a split second , concern and surprise etching across she face . she turn back to she work , then say something to another er nurse , who nod okay . satisfied the patient be out of the wood , she peel off she glove and head for the door . int . hospital - emergency room / hallway - continuous Julia step through the door as Frank approach . julia Frank ... what 's wrong ? frank nothing . I just want to see you . he take she in he arm , snuggling he head against she neck , lose himself in the scent of she hair . frank ( cont would ) ( whisper ) I be not goin ' anywhere , Jules . for the rest of you life . it 's hard to tell , we can not see he face , but it look like Frank be cry . julia frankie , what be it ? but Frank be silent . so they just stand there , hold each other . and then Julia notice the burn and scrape mark on Frank 's arm and neck . julia ( cont would ) I get a bad feel today ... I be worried . frank I be here . bruise but not break . Frank pull he head back , look into he wife 's eye and kiss she on the mouth . it 's a long kiss . as they come up for air . julia where 's johnny ? frank I tuck he in at gordo 's . julia you give he he drop ? frank one in each ear . ( beat ) what would you do without I ? julia probably marry some rich doctor and never have to work ... Julia see something through a glass door that stop she short . a young intern be stand over a gurney patient . the young intern be change the i.v. bag . julia ( cont would ) what 's he do ? Frank , I gotta ... he know she 's back on the job . wave " no problem . " int . hospital emergency cubicle - continuous Julia interrupt the Young intern as he hook up the bag . julia Excuse I doctor , be that benazepril ? intern yes . Julia quickly shut off the i.v. julia I give this patient 50 mill of benedryal on admittance . ( unhook i.v. bag ) mix they and he 's dead . intern why be not I make aware ? julia it 's in he chart . the intern step back : " oh shit . " Julia take charge . the patient stir : a scraggly hippie , look kind of like pacino in serpico . a breathe mask cover he bearded face . barely conscious , he eye focus on Julia . after a quick double check of the patient , Julia look up . through the glass door she can see Frank watch . frank ( mouth to word ) I love you , Bud . julia ( mouth back ) I love you more . the clock on the wall now read : 12:01 am . and the legend read : october 13th - world series TRAVEL day int . funeral home - day - 1969 surreal image . someone's Pov ... men and women , stand and sit , see only from the waist down . all wear dark cloth and speak in hushed voice . a recognizable voice ? the edge of a casket ? a nightmare . int . sullivan house - bedroom - late night - 1998 John be bath in sweat . he twist to camera and he eye pop open . a glaze , confuse look pour out of they . see past a empty bottle of bushmills on the night stand - a clock read 12:01 am . int . funeral home - day the nightmare repeat - like some horrible instant replay . men and women , stand and sit , see only from the waist down . all wear dark clothes and speak in hushed voice . flash of face swimming into the Pov ... indistinct , blur into each other . be that uncle butch ? satch ? gibson ? int . sullivan house - bedroom / bathroom - moment later a terrify and disorient John stumble out of bed . he move to the bathroom . but he stop . something be wrong . the bedroom have change . it look like a dump . John shake he head , try to blink away the nightmare . but the room do not change back . he go to the bathroom . splashes he face . he look up to the mirror and ... int . funeral home - day the same horrible instant replay . flashes of face swim into the Pov ... johnny' Pov he be crouched under a table . staring at the casket . alone . bewildere . crying . a man , see only from the waist down , approach the table . as he crouch down he face drop into the frame . it be frank . his face etched in a terrible pain . int . sullivan house - kitchen - early morning the kitchen look different : dirtier , uncare - for . John look different too : like a guy on the tail end of a lifetime bender . he crack open a bushmills . pour a couple of shot into he instant coffee . several sip to settle he nerve . he reach for the cordless phone and hit speed dial # 3. cashier ( v.o. ) noah 's deli . can you hold ? confused , John click down the receiver . his hand be shaking as he punch the speed dial button for the second time . cashier ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) noah 's deli . on the slam of John 's phone , we get to ... int . julia' apartment - hallway - manhattan - morning John knock on the door . it open to reveal a jamaican woman clutching a cry infant , a toddler hang off she leg . behind they we half recognize Julia 's apartment . we know it 's she apartment because of the BAY window and the view of the GEORGE WASHINGTON bridge . but everything else be different . different furniture . different pain job . John stand speechless . the jamaican woman regards he ... jamaican woman can I help you ? JOHN ( relaxed ) I be look for Julia Sullivan . jamaican woman I think you have the wrong apartment . JOHN but this be she place . 910 Riverside . apartment 3c . jamaican woman I be sorry , but no one by that name life here . John just stand there , lose , question he grip on reality . liquor on he breath , fear in he eye , he be a scary sight . jamaican woman do the smart thing - she slam the door . int . 23rd precinct - detective squad - coffee room - later on satch , scavenge the fridge while absorb in some papers . through the open door he spot JOHN across the squad room . even at that distance , satch can see John 's unsteady walk and fuck up demeanor . satch 's eye go to stone . int . 23rd precinct - men' room - continuous John lean over the sink , wet paper towel press to he face . he barely react to the SOUND of the door . he do react to the silence that follow . satch stand in the doorway ... look he over . JOHN what ? a long silence . satch another rough night , huh ? that it ? JOHN yeah . that 's it . John move for the door . but satch grab he , slam he against the wall . startle , John freeze . satch do not disrespect I . disrespect yourself all you want . but not I . or anybody else around here . you get that ? John shrug , sagging against the wall . satch ( cont 'd ) this be get real old , John . and I be tired up to here with it ... JOHN I be sorry . I just ... you know ... i... satch and I be tired of the I be sorry . I do not need them . what I need be a partner I can count on . ( pause ; soften ) I care about you . not cause of I and you old man . not cause of you mom . but because of you . satch step back . a awkward beat . satch ( cont 'd ) we get the preliminary forensics on that skeleton . ( open door to the squad ) you gonna want to look at it . int . 23rd precinct - detective squad room - continuous satch and John approach they adjoin desk . satch slide a 8x10 photo off the top of a old yellowed police file and hand it to John . it be a picture of the skeleton discover behind the Greek diner . but what catch John 's attention , what pick at he subconscious , be the decaye glass tape bind the wrist . satch bad memory ... ( be : photo ) you imagine the odd ...us diggin ' up a nightingale murder ? John look from the photo to the file on satch 's desk . it read : nightingale murder . John slowly sink into he chair . satch ( cont 'd ) she make ten . JOHN ten ? no. I remember this case . Three . he kill three woman . satch what be you talk ' ? you know better than anybody , John . you have read this file a thousand time . John fix on the file . then slowly reach for it . it 's fill with police and forensics report . and photo . crime scene shot of 9 dead women . link by two gruesome detail - they be all garroted , wrist bound with glass tape . John turn over the last photo and he heart stop ... he universe crash down on he . close on that photograph : a murder victim . garroted . glass tape wrist . julia sullivan . JOHN no . int . sullivan house - johnny' bedroom - night - 1969 Julia be at the door watch Frank tuck johnny in . johnny wear he Met ' cap and cradle he baseball glove . he 's in that exhaust / excited kid moment before sleep set in . frank & johnny ( very soft ) buy I some peanut and cracker jack ... I do not care if I never get back ... johnny 's eye close . julia Boy be he excited about the game tomorrow . frank he be not the only one . int . sullivan house - kitchen - later marvin gaye play from the hi - FI . Frank grab a beer , as Julia come in -- put on she coat while take she key from a hook . she 's wear she nurse 's uniform . julia I be off . frank ( turn to she ) wish you be not . julia ( step to he ) do you know how much I love you ? Frank take she in he arm . start to move she to the music . frank yeah , actually I do . they kiss . and dance . and kiss . and dance . he start to slip she coat off . she laugh and wriggle away from he . naughty boy . and she be out the door . ext . sullivan house - night - 1998 John pull in past samantha's car as she come out the back door with the teddy bear and other stuff she leave behind . John get out of he car , clutching the ' nightingale ' file . he eye be red , swollen by tear and booze . samantha John , be you all right ? the answer be no . he look terrible , as haunt as any man could possibly be . he do not mean to , but he snap -- JOHN what be you do here ? samantha jump , frighten . samantha ellen say you be work . I just want to pick up the rest ... John turn , lose and ashamed . Sam walk to she car and start to cry . int . sullivan house - study - continuous John enter , plunk the nightingale file on the desk . ; he stare at the family photograph on the wall . julia be missing . a look of loss in Frank and John 's face . John finger the nightingale file . a nightmare . he hit the answering machine button to hear samantha 's halting message . as that play ... int . sullivan house - kitchen - continuous John step to the counter and pour himself a stiff bushmills . turn and step back into ... int . sullivan house - study - continuous John collapse in the chair . stare at the word carve in the desk - i'm still here chief . he rub he finger over the smooth carve ... he eye go to the radio . a quiet moment . John slowly put he hand on the squawk , lean into the mic ... JOHN dad , you there ? can you here I ? ( silence ) dad ? I need you to be there . a long beat . the hum of static . and then ... frank ( o.s. ) ( through radio ) right here , Chief . sorry I lose you last night . damn thing keep cut out . JOHN dad ... dad ... there 's ... I need to ... intercut frank and JOHN . frank be you alright " ? JOHN ( sip bushmills ) something happen , something ... frank what ? johnny , what 's wrong ? JOHN it 's Mom . frank what ? what be it ? JOHN she 's not here . frank whatta you mean she 's not here ? JOHN she ... she die . it 's like it just happen . frank she just die , you mother just die ? JOHN no dad , it happen a long time ago , a long time ago for I . a dreadful moment of silence . frank when ? JOHN October 22 , 1969 . frank Jesus Christ ... that 's ... ten day from now . ( beat ) how ? silence . frank ( cont 'd ) johnny , I gotta know . Long beat . you could hear a fuckin ' pin drop . JOHN she be murder . eerie silence as John 's word hang in the air . frank murdered ? why ? JOHN there be this case . a serial . he murder three woman , all nurse , between ' 68 and ' 69 . the papers call they the nightingale murder . they never catch he . but the killing just stop . frank what kinda twisted animal . JOHN dad , we do something . something to make it worse . frank whatta you mean ... JOHN he do not just kill three woman anymore . he kill ten . frank what be you talk about ? JOHN something we do change the case ... change history . ( beat ) Mom be not dead . but then after you do not die in the fire something must have happen . and this guy , this nightingale guy , he keep on kill ... it be like a spree ... seven more woman . frank I gotta take she away , John . I be gonna take you mother away . he can not hurt she if I take she away . JOHN I do not know ... ( beat ) what about the other woman ? frank I will warn they . JOHN that will never work . they will just think you be crazy . frank what can we do ? you do not even know who this guy be . JOHN no. nobody get ... ( realize ) wait a minute . I might not know who he be , but I know where he 's gonna be . I get the case file . we know what he 's gonna do before he do it . frank so what should I do ? call the police ? you think they will believe I ? JOHN they will if they catch he in the act . you can make that happen , dad . you can tail the victim and call it in at just the right moment . frank I do not know , John . I be a fire fighter . this be ... this be different . JOHN I do know . I be a cop . this be what I do . John take a long sip from the bushmills . JOHN ( cont 'd ) you ever talk to a victim 's family ? the one 's leave behind ? they do not act like what you would think . there 's panic and fear . but mostly , it 's like there 's this logic problem . and if they could only solve it , everything would be okay . ( a breath ) but if you look real close - look at they eye - you can see it . just a glimmer . but somewhere they know . they know they world be never gonna be the same . frank what if the radio stop work ? Christ , what if I can not reach you again ? JOHN then you get Mom the hell out . but dad , that other woman be not suppose to die . we do not try to stop this guy , we be gonna live with that for the rest of we life . Frank take a deep breath , swallow some air . frank what do I gotta do ? John grab the thick yellowed police file . open to homicide report on Karen reynold . close on forensic photo karen reynold ' corpse JOHN the next victim be Karen reynold ... it happen tomorrow . ( read ) case file say she leave St. vincent at six . show would up at cozy 's bar around six thirty . she walk outta that bar around seven-thirty . they find she dead in a empty lot behind the place at eight o'clock . Frank jot down the info . frank why not just get the cop to watch the bar ? JOHN they will question she . whatever they tell she could change what happen . ( beat ) no , I want you to follow she . see if anybody 's watch she , hittin ' on she . I be betting somebody 's gonna walk outta that bar with she . when they do , you call the cop . Close on nightingale file on John 's desk . Zoom in on the date below karen' homicide photo : October 14 , 1969 . the legend read : october 14th - 3rd game of the world series int . / ext . korean grocery - evening - 1969 a woman wait to pay for a mini pack of kleenex and some gum . karen reynold . a wool coat over she nurse 's uniform . Frank 's and John 's voice continue over the scene . frank ( v.o. ) what do I tell they ? JOHN ( v.o. ) tell them there 's a homicide in progress ... cause by the time they show up there will be . as Karen move to the cash register , the camera widen to reveal frank , awkwardly pretend to read a magazine . Frank ready to follow she when he suddenly trip over a crate of vegetable and go down on one knee . Karen look in the direction of the accident , and for a split second , she eye lock with franks . embarrass , Frank look away as he rights himself . Frank edge out of the grocery store as Karen step into the street and dodge traffic towards a corner bar / restaurant at the end of the block , past a heavily overgrown vacant lot . Frank follow Karen across the street and find himself , just as Karen enter the bar , at a point near the murder site describe by John . he pause to stare at it . int . cozy's bar & restaurant - moment later Frank enter the place . sort of a singles atmosphere , but a comfortable one . it 's happy hour . on the tv , the Met ' gil hodge offer he analysis of game 3. Frank look about , down the bar and into a area with booth and table . a few folk at the bar . a group of young women laugh in a booth . but no karen reynold . Frank 's blood run cold in a spasm of panic when ... woman' voice hey , Chuck . bartender hey , Karen . Frank wheel around just as Karen pass he from the lady room . there be the trace of a bump , enough for Karen to take note of Frank . ad lib excuse I . she then start move down the bar towards the booth of young woman . Frank check out everyone in the bar , not know quite what he 's look for . Karen slip into the booth with she friend . ad lib hellos . Frank order a beer , but he eye be fix on the booth . Karen and a friend take note of Frank stare at they . embarrass , he turn away , check he watch : 6:40 pm . and at just that moment a scraggly man pass by , take a seat at the end of the bar . we have see this man before . int . 23rd precinct - det . squad - men' room - night - 1998 satch and a young detective stand at the sink , wash up . young detective be that really how you get the Son of Sam ? parking ticket ? satch shrug a yes . wipe he hand and head out into the squad . the Young detective follow . int . 23rd precinct - detective squad - continuous close on squad room wall clock : 6:45 pm John 's at he desk . keeps glance at the phone , fiddling with the nightingale file ... a photograph of karen reynold . satch pass John on he way to the coffee machine . satch any word on we bone ? John shake he head no . Young detective join satch at the coffee machine . John overhear : young detective but how would you think of it ? satch you be pull over with a .44 bulldog tuck in you pants get ready to blow somebody 's brain out ... I figure the last thing you be think about be alternate side of the street parking . Young detective nod , impressed . John be less impressed . JOHN that 's what we need here , satch . a lucky break . satch that be not luck , johnny boy . that be smart and ten plus on the job . int . cozy's bar & restaurant - night - 1969 bottle of rheingold drop into frame next to half empty one . bartender from the girl , pal . all of them . Frank glance at the woman in the booth . they be all look at he , smile . a big one from Karen . his watch say 7:05 . take the new bottle , Frank step from the bar , past the scraggly man and walk to the booth . charmingly shy , Frank be kind of at a loss for word . frank I be , uh , I be not really ... young woman # 1 ( note Frank 's jacket ) fireman , huh ? frank ( note wedding ring ) a marry fireman . young woman # 3 oh , what the hell . have a seat . what 's you name , fireman ? frank Frank . and Frank take a seat , slide in next to Karen . a awkward moment for he as she take a closer look at he face . karen do I know you ? frank I do not think so . karen ( put it together ) from the Korean market up the street . ( laugh ) Mr. Lee make you pay for that veggy . young woman # 1 you follow she , Frank ? you be not some kind of stalker or something ? frank I follow fire , nothing else . General laughter all around . int . 23rd precinct - det . squad - night - 1998 John have a corkboard set up next to he desk . on it he have array several photo of the nigthingale victim under the date of they murder . he look over at the photo , then at the forensics photo of Karen reynold on he desk . brring ! John shoot a look at the wall clock . it read : 7:45 . JOHN ( grab the phone ) Sullivan . ( beat ) you be kiddin ' ... ( grab pen ; scribbling ) satch be alert by John 's sudden burst of energy . JOHN ( cont 'd ) mario , you be the best ... right , right , right . spell it out for I . int . cozy's bar & restaurant - night - 1969 at the bar , the scraggly man stare at Frank and the woman . franks check he watch as he tell a story . it 's 7:50 . frank yeah , it be a close call , but ... karen Close ! the news say it be a miracle you guy get out alive ! frank Close be just close if you be still alive to talk about it , y'know / the woman around he be clearly enrapture . in b.g. - at the bar - the scraggly man , look frustrated , slide off he stool and stride out of the place . int . 23rd precinct - night - 1998 / ext John hang up the phone . satch look at he , " whatta we get ? " JOHN we lucky break . mario id would the dental . Mary finelli ... report miss April 16 , 1968 . satch ( look at corkboard ) April 16 ...? that mean she be the first . JOHN which mean he probably know she . satch this case just get hot . we pull on this string ... but for some strange reason John have stop listen to satch . something else have get he full attention . it be the nightingale file that lay open on he desk . it be change ... Karen reynold ' forensic photo disappear . in fact everything about she , all evidence of she murder - police report , photo , witness report - be gone . John 's eye shoot to the corkboard . the head shot of Karen reynold and the date of she murder be also gone . John look between the file and the board . JOHN ( whisper ) dad ... ext . sullivan house - front porch - night - 1969 Frank and Julia stand on the porch , eye on johnny - up past bedtime , proudly riding he bike up and down the street . julia ( a stretch and a yawn ) I think I be gonna head up , take a shower . ( slight smile ) you wanna tuck the monster in and join I ? Frank do not take the bait . julia ( cont 'd ) what 's the matter ? beat . frank there 's something I gotta take care of . something I need to tell you about . julia okay ... frank I have be talk to this ...guy ... this cop ...on the ham ... and , uh , he ... julia honey , what be it ? just tell I . frank I have be talk to johnny ... on the radio . julia I know . he love that thing . frank no. not we johnny . I mean , it 's johnny ... but not now ... in the future . it take she a moment to absorb what he just say . and then she get it ... he 's talk about a game . julia sound like fun . she kiss he on the forehead and head into the house . julia ( cont 'd ) I will be upstairs ... if you want to play . frank I be serious . julia ( o.s. ) so be i. a quiet beat . and then ... john' voice ( over static ) Karen reynold be alive and well . we do it , dad . we be now ... int . sullivan house - study - night - 1998 & 1969 frank ( o.s. ) ( over the ham ) I will be damned . JOHN do you see he ? do you know who he be ? intercut frank and JOHN frank no . I just keep talk to she . ( beat ) there be a lot of guy in that bar - could 'a be any of them . JOHN it 's okay . this be work . this be gonna work . frank whatta we do now ? JOHN ( consult file ) sissy Clark , 190 Riverside Dr. , apartment 3c . tomorrow . ( skim file ) she 's a nursing student . pay she way as a cocktail waitress at the peppermint Lounge , on west 63rd . Left work at two a m... kill in she apartment , between two thirty and five . Frank jot down the info . fire up a lucky . frank get it . JOHN dad , I think I may be able to get you enough information to make sure the da can nail this bastard . frank how ? JOHN coupla day ago they dig up a body in Washington Heights - Mary finelli . girl disappear in ' 68 . turn out she be he first kill . which mean he probably know she . most serial know they first victim . I be gonna do some check - see if I can put any of this together ... frank all right , I be with you . ( beat ) I just hope we know what the hell we be do . a soft burst of static . the signal return a little fuzzy . frank ( cont 'd ) tell I something good , Chief . tell I about the future . JOHN ( lighting up a marlboro ) well they find out cigarettes give you lung cancer . Frank take a beat , contemplate the cigarette in he hand . frank what else , John . it must be different , huh ? be people live on the moon ? JOHN do not happen , we get enough problem down here . frank what be we like in ...1998 ? JOHN ( lie ) we be okay ... we be good , dad . frank ( grop for good news ) hey , what about the amazin' ? they pull it off ? JOHN you really wanna know ? frank yeah , you betcha . JOHN well , game five be the big one . it turn in the bottom of the 6th . we be down 3 - 0 . cleon Jones get hit on the foot - leave a scuff mark on the ball . clendenon come up . the count go to 2 2 . High fastball . he nail it . weis slam a solo shot in the 7th to tie . Jones and swoboda score in the 8th . we win , pop . frank wow . Julia walk into the study . frank ( cont 'd ) hang on a sec , John . JOHN ( over the ham ) you there ? on frank realize something . frank Jules , I want you to say hello to somebody ... ( be : radio ) I be on with John - that guy I tell you about . julia the future guy ? frank yeah , but , no kid around , he 's a good guy , a real good guy ... sense that somehow this be important to she husband , Julia give in , willing to play along with he radio game . she share Frank 's chair , he put he arm around she . frank ( cont 'd ) John , say hello to my wife ... Julia . JOHN h-hi. julia hey , future boy . Frank tell I you be a cop ? JOHN yeah , that 's right . hear voice , johnny , gordo and elvis wander in from the family room . they be in they pj 's ... a sleepover . Julia give they a smile , turn back to the radio . julia my six year - old here keep tell I he want to be a policeman . right after he retire from the major . we just give he a badge and a whistle for he birthday . JOHN yeah ... I remember . ( smile ) I use to play cop and robber but y-- ...my mom would not let I have a toy gun . julia you be mom sound like she 's get some smart . JOHN she 's pretty special . julia be you a good cop , John ? JOHN I try to be . julia then I will bet she 's real proud of you , huh ? JOHN yeah . I just wish I would tell she how proud I be of she . julia I be sorry . I do not realize ... ( beat ) but she know , John . a mother know what 's in she son 's heart . Little gordo reach for the microphone . julia ( cont 'd ) I better go . it 's be good talk with you . Julia scoops johnny up , carry he off to bed . but little gordo do not follow ... fascinate by the radio . gordo I wanna talk on the radio . Frank laugh , as gordo climb up on he lab . gordo ( cont 'd ) this be the Space cowboy . I be a intergalactic traveler from the federation planet earth . JOHN gordo ? gordo how would you know my name , mister ? John sit back , marvel at how young gordo sound . a thousand childhood memory play in he head . and then he light up ... realize the opportunity . JOHN hey , gordo . my name be Santa clause . and I be gonna give you the biggest Christmas present you ever have . gordo look at Frank : be this for real ? Frank nod , smile . gordo I better give you my address then . JOHN oh do not worry kid , I know where you live . now I want you to go upstairs and write this down , buy Yahoo . you get that Space cowboy . y-a-h-o-o. it 's a magic word and I never want you to forget it . gordo you get a deal , mister . I mean Santa . the sound of Julia 's voice call gordo to bed . gordo scamper out . static filter through both radio , then ... frank John , you still there ? JOHN I be right here , dad . frank you all right ? JOHN yeah , I think so ... frank do not worry , Chief . I be not gonna let anything happen to she ... no matter what . bzzzz -shhh . a burst of loud static . the band go dead . John take a beat to come down . he get up , make he way into the kitchen . there 's a half - full bottle of bushmills on the counter . John reach out to grab but the bottle . but then he stop . it be time to stop . John turn on the faucet and dump the booze down the drain . the legend read : october 15th - FOURTH game of the world series int . finelli house - mary room - day - 1998 close on a white vinyl diary with a blue heart shape padlock hold by a hand . a page be turn and the name alan silver come clear . rack focus to a old Catholic High School yearbook on the dresser below the diary and a picture of daryl adam , 18 year old . john' voice can I keep this for a little while ? on sophia finelli , 55 , a profound sadness sit at she core . finelli detective ' be through that stuff already back then . John nod . a beat . finelli ( cont 'd ) you will bring they back soon ? JOHN promise . John pull a clear plastic bag from he pocket with a patch of the partially disintegrated clothing find on Mary finellis skeleton . JOHN ( cont 'd ) do you know this ? Mrs. finelli gasp in recognition , she eye turn to a closet door . John open the door to reveal mary 's clothes , line up in perfect order . visible among they be a " candy striper " uniform ... a perfect match with the patch John hold . finelli Mary volunteer over at St. vincent ' after school . she love it ... be go to become a doctor . silence . tear start to run down she cheek . John understand this woman 's pain . he look around the room at Mary 's possession . fade picture . Mary and she family . Mary and she friend . finelli ( cont 'd ) her room ... I just could not ... it should only be she room ... you know ? John do know . finelli ( cont 'd ) I be happy you find she , detective . it make it easier ... now , to know for sure . you know ? silence again . John nod . int . 23rd precinct - men' room - afternoon John and satch stand at the urinal . JOHN okay , lemme walk you through it . satch mind if I shake it off first ... so 's I can concentrate better . John wait for satch to finish . then , as they head out into the hallway ... JOHN Three guy show up in both the yearbook and diary . int . detective squad - interrogation room - continuous the first guy pass away ten year ago . the second one die in Vietnam . the room have a holding pen opposite the door . a table be push up against the door wall and a more elaborate layout of the murder victim , paperwork , and calendar / timeline graph sit on the table and be pin on a cork board . Mary finelli 's uniform be there . John show satch a photo in Mary finelli 's year book . JOHN the third one be daryl Adams . satch look , nod , and step back . wait for more . John hand he daryl Adams ' rap sheet . JOHN ( cont 'd ) I run he through bci ... get a hit . busted for sexual assault : March 22 , 1970 . eight day after the last nightingale murder . satch so you figure the murder stop ' cause he 's off the street . then by the time he get parole , he 's smarten up enough to control himself ? JOHN not the first time that 's be true . I be tell you , I get a feel about this guy . this be the guy , satch . satch uh , huh . JOHN what ? satch I be just try to figure what interest I more : the possibility that daryl be the guy , or you make he absolutely the guy . ext . new york ST . - peppermint lounge - evening - 1969 sissy clark step off a bus . she cross the street towards the club . the bus move out and wipe frame , revealing Frank sit at the intersection on he harley . sissy enter the club . Frank gun the harley into a alley . int . peppermint lounge - evening - moment later Business be light at this hour . the bartender be set up . the Flying nun play on a couple tv 's over the bar - the audio drown out by loud motown music . Frank enter and look around . no sissy . this time he do not panic . he sit at the bar . int . restaurant - kitchen - dusk - 1998 close on the 47 - year old face of daryl Adams . a notably unimpose guy . he be not a happy camper . he be one of two plumber install fixture in the kitchen of a new place . several other people be at work get the kitchen ready . so as not to be overhear ... daryl that be over thirty year ago . I pay for that and then some . JOHN you go to xavier High School , daryl ? daryl yeah . JOHN you remember Mary finelli ? daryl ( mentally step back ) what be you say ? JOHN you know what I be say . daryl no , I do not . JOHN well , I think you do . int . peppermint lounge - evening - 1969 hawaii five -o play on the tv 's , the rolling stone over it . Frank sit at the same place we last see he , watch sissy and scan the crowd , try to find a face that might give he pause . sissy , look sixty and terrific in she go- go waitress outfit , move about do business . she step to the bartender t0 give she drink order and pick up prepare drink , come within inch of Frank . sissy give I a couple bloodys , Gus , and a dewar on the rock . she cast a friendly eye at Frank . sissy ( cont 'd ) how ya doin ' there ? frank just fine . you ? sissy right now , just fine . ask I later , fireman . and she 's off with the drink . he check he watch . it read : 9:35 pm . int . 23rd precinct - interrogation room - night - 1998 a clock on the wall read : 9:35 pm the nightingale murder display have be remove . daryl sit at the table in the middle of the room . John sit opposite he . satch lean against the two - way mirror wall . JOHN sexual assault , daryl . five year . but you get lucky , right ? you get away with something else . something you figure nobody know about . daryl what I know be what I tell you . JOHN let I tell you what I know , daryl . you go to Saint xavier with Mary . you live five block from she . you like she . but she be not interested . that must have hurt , huh ? daryl so what ? JOHN so , what would you do about it , daryl ? daryl nothing . satch can see this be go nowhere . int . peppermint lounge - evening - 1969 the 11 o'clock news be on tv . a " Super " show the Met win game 4 . score 2 - 1 . Met lead series : 3-1. creedence clearwater plays out of the sound system . sissy take the order from a long haire guy down the bar , he back to the camera , and start towards the cash register area . the bartender serve Frank another club soda . as Frank drink the bartender pull a pack of cigarettes from he shirt pocket . but the pack be empty . bartender you spare a smoke ? frank I be try to quite . turn out that thing will kill you . the bartender laugh , as Frank stand and head for the bathroom . int . 23rd precinct - interrogation room - night - 1998 a clock reflect in the two - way mirror . 12:15 pm . satch stand drink a cup of coffee behind the mirror . before he , through the glass , sit daryl Adams , with John pace like a panther ready to spring . suddenly , he slap down crime scene homicide photo of several woman in front of daryl , who blanch ... daryl oh , my God ! what be that ?! why you show I this shit !? jesus ! jesus ! get that away from I ! JOHN nicky Moore . Patty Ryan . Mary finelli . this name mean anything to you , asshole ? Julia Sullivan ! she mean anything ? she mean something to I ! John look like he 's about to hit daryl , but he glance towards the two - way mirror , control himself . int . peppermint lounge - evening - 1969 nilsson 's everybody's talkin ' fill the air . a sexy woman approach Frank wear a Emma peel body suit . sissy stand nearby , give drink order to the bartender - she can not help but smile at the follow . woman you fight fire , honey ? frank yep . that 's what I do . woman I bet you do . the bartender lean into the PA at the bar and announce . bartender last call . Frank flash he wedding ring at the sexy woman . smile at she and shrug " I be sorry . " int . 23rd precinct - interrogation room - night - 1998 the clock read 1:30 am . John sit at the end of the table , opposite daryl . his quiet mask the dark menace he be barely in control of . daryl stare at he like a deer catch in the headlight . satch set a Coke before daryl and start to leave the room . satch I gotta take a leak . ( to daryl ) you need to use the head ? you can , y'know . if you want to . daryl shake he head " no . " int . peppermint lounge - evening - 1969 end of the night . the place wind down . a old movie on the tv 's . elvis ' suspicious mind play softly . Frank watch as sissy pick up she last tip and head to the back to change into she street clothes . sissy see you , fireman . do not talk so much next time . Frank smile , check the time . 2:00 am . he look around . nobody suspicious about . he start up for the bathroom ... int . observation room - night - 1998 satch enter with a fresh cup of coffee , settles back to watch . intercut - interrogation and observation room with great ceremony John remove he watch , he gun , and lastly , he badge , and set they off to one side . JOHN you know , daryl , sometimes , despite all the training we cop go through . despite all that we be teach about right and wrong . despite all that we would like to honor in ourselves , we can come to a place where we do not give a fuck . know what I mean ? and John start up from he seat and walk toward daryl . JOHN ( cont 'd ) you be go to tell I what I need to know , daryl . suddenly , in the door stride ... satch John . John freeze . look towards satch . satch ( cont 'd ) get a minute ? JOHN yeah . sure . satch open the door and step out . John collect he watch , badge and gun and follow . int . squad hallway - continuous satch he be not we guy , John . JOHN just cause he do not want to look at the photo do not mean he be not the doer . not everyone fit the profile . Long beat . satch if he be gonna give something up he would 'a do it already . John pause for several second , then nod slowly . int . peppermint lounge - men' room - evening - 1969 suspicious mind filter in . Frank zip up , head to the sink . bend over to wash he hand , and suddenly . his face be smashed on the edge of the sink . he twist to the floor , fight to maintain consciousness . a black frye boot explode into Frank 's gut . he roll over , look up at the long haire guy from the bar . Frank seem to recognize he . we know he too - scraggly man . but we do not know he name yet . so we will call he ... killer you follow I ? close on killer 's eye , evil fuckin ' black dot . he lift Frank to he knee . then rip a fist into Frank 's face . killer ( cont 'd ) I ask you a question , asshole . Frank be clearly incapacitate . killer lift he to he foot so they be eye- to - eye . frank ( barely able to speak ) Mary finelli ... a look of absolute shock wipe across the killer 's face . killer who the fuck be you ? caught off guard , Frank be able to slam he knee into killer 's ball . killer go down like a stone , but Frank be too batter to take advantage . he collapse on top of killer , who push he off , scramble up , and deliver a massive kick to he head . Frank be out cold . quickly , killer roll Frank over and rifle he pocket find he wallet . he grab something from it , then toss it aside . he then take something out of he pocket , a thin leather garrote . he coil it around he hand and snap it taut . he bend down to start the job when suddenly , the bathroom door open and ... two very stone men stumble in . stoned man # 1 whoa , dude . be he okay ? killer yeah . he just need a little time kissing the porcelain . and killer muscle Frank into a toilet stall and put he head in the bowl . he close the door , quickly leave . in the stall , Frank spill onto the floor , he leg stick out into the bathroom . his face flush to the tile , he eye try to focus on something lie just outside the stall ... his wallet . ext . 23rd precinct - parking lot - night - 1998 John get in he car . sit there , stare into the night . int . peppermint lounge - men' room - evening - 1969 Frank start to come around . he reach out and grab he wallet off the floor . his money still there . credit card , too . but something 's miss . his driver' license . suddenly panic seize frank . int . apartment house stairwell - later Frank tear up the stair ... int . apartment house corridor - sissy's door - continuous Frank bang on it . scare . desperate . frank OPEN up , OPEN the door ...ah...ummm ... this be the police . Frank keep bang on the door . a neighbor's door swing open a crack . a old lady peer out from behind a security chain . Frank stop bang . frank ( cont 'd ) it 's okay , ma'am . I be the police . Old Lady skeptically look he up & down - notice Frank 's bruise face . she quickly close the door . Frank reach inside he jacket pocket , pull out a small bent metal wire , homemade lockpick . he go to work on sissy 's lock . click , click , click - get it . he open the door , step inside . int . sissy's apartment - continuous it 's dark . and then a sound ... scratch and pop , the sound of a phonograph needle make when it reach the end of the vinyl and be scratch against the label . the wind catch a curtain allow the shaft of a street light to beam brightly into the room , and in one swift moment , Frank be stare at a nightmare : sissy Clark 's murder body . her dress hike above she waist . her panty rip off . Paper stuff into she mouth . her hand bound with glass tape . Frank be transfix and sicken by sissy 's twisted face , she eye freeze open in horrible death . ext . sissy's apartment house - continuous Frank stagger out of the building towards he harley . he bend over and blow he dinner , then mount the bike and kick the motor over . as he roar off down the street , we see in the building window ... the old lady look down at he . the legend read : october 16th - fifth game of the world series int . sullivan house - study - morning - 1969 & 1998 frank he kill she John . he kill she and I do not do a thing to stop it . intercut frank and JOHN . JOHN it 's not you fault , dad . frank yes it be ... we do this . we change everything . ( pause ) I have be have bad dream , johnny . dream where I die ... in the fire . ( soft ) I be suppose to die in that warehouse . JOHN no . angle on Frank . tremble , overcome by a awful combination of fear , guilt and shame . frank this be wrong ... it 's like we cheat ... JOHN I know ... ( beat ) but dad , you can not go back . you do not die in that fire . and no matter what you do , nothing be gonna change that . so all we can do be deal with this ... and try to make it right . frank I do not think I can . I be not a cop . I can not . I can not stop this guy . JOHN but we can , we can do it together . Spirit and gut , remember ? frank johnny , I know , but ... Frank start to light up a lucky . but he stop , stubbing the cigarette out . JOHN I need you to believe in I . to believe that we can do this . frank John , he 's get my driver 's license . JOHN what ? frank he take my driver 's license , John , he know where we live . JOHN he take you wallet ? frank no , he toss the wallet , but he keep the license . JOHN he touch you wallet ! where 's you wallet ? frank in my pocket . JOHN we get he ! dad you get he ! frank what ? JOHN his print . you have get he print . I will run they through criminal index . you gotta get I that wallet . frank how the hell be I gonna do that ? JOHN ( think ) listen to I , very carefully , take you wallet out , just touch it on the corner . frank what ... JOHN please , dad , just do it . frank okay , okay ... Frank do as John ask . take out he wallet . frank ( cont 'd ) I get it . JOHN right , now I need you to tape it up on the outside , where he touch it , so the print keep . frank huh ? julia then you gotta hide it somewhere . somewhere where nobody 's gonna find it ... for 29 year ! ( look around the room ) put it under the loose floorboard by the window ! frank ( get it now ) I gotcha , I gotcha Chief ! JOHN it 's gonna work , dad . we be gonna stop he . frank hang on . Frank fish around the desk drawer for some electrical tape ... quickly rip off strip of tape ... cover the wallet . then he go to the window . crouches on the floor , digging he nail around edge of the loose floorboard . back to JOHN get up . frank ( o.s. ) ( cont 'd ) ( over the ham ) okay . John scramble to window . crouches down on floor , reach to find : franks wallet cover in electrical tape ! John go back to the radio . JOHN we be in business . just sit tight ... and do not worry . and John be up , grab gun & shield . sprint for the door . int . police forensics lab - day - 1998 close on split computer screen : left screen : a frozen image - a blown up thumb print . right screen : hundred of fingerprint flash on and off - the computer be searching for a match . bingo . the right screen freeze . a thumb print ... a match ! pull back to reveal John , stand over a forensic computer technician , hector . hector hit a few more key , a photograph pop on the screen - it be not daryl adam ! JOHN what the hell ? hector hit another key , the man 's name and photo pop up ... carl shepard he's 30 year older than when he tangle with Frank in the man 's room last night , but this be the killer - Carl shepard . below shepard 's photo , various biographical information : social security , address , current employment , and a New York City Police Department discharge - September 1973 . on JOHN a strange look of recognition . JOHN ( cont 'd ) the old neighbor 's son ... the cop . but he 's dead . hector what be you talkin ' about ? I know this prick . he work outta Brooklyn North . JOHN ( realize ) he never die ... ext . shepard residence - later John exit he car to find Fred shepard water he plant . JOHN just come by to wrap up over there . think I would say " hello . " shepard glad you do . come on in . buy you a cup of coffee ? int . shepard residence - continuous they enter the live room . no Mrs. shepard . John 's eye fix on the police academy graduation photo of carl shepard . his gaze then shift to photo of Mrs. shepard . JOHN ( beat ) wife around ? shepard ( a startle half - laugh ) no. no. well , sort of . in my heart . be dead 29 year . JOHN oh. sorry . how so ? mr. shepard well , she , Eve be murder , detective . a ugly one to tell you the truth . John 's breath catch . his look shift back to the photo of Carl shepard . Mr. shepard reach to open a album . there be several photograph of the young Mrs. shepard . a couple where she be dress in a nurse's uniform . John be stunne . one can only imagine what be now racing through he mind . mr. shepard ( cont 'd ) the mother of a cop , and they never find the bastard who do it . blown away , John look out the window to where Mary finelli 's skeleton be find . JOHN happens that way sometimes . ( beat ) Son still on the job ? mr. shepard Nah . doin ' p.i. work now . get catch up in they knapp hearing . set up by some dirty cop who need a fall guy . hurt he bad . would have break he mother 's heart . John can only stay inside himself and wonder at the madness of the world . int . brooklyn waterfront restaurant - later John walk past the lunchtime crowd , make he way to the bar . grab a stool two ... seat away from ... Carl shepard . John order a soda , glance over at shepard . they eye meet . John hold he gaze . a slight nod ... JOHN you use to be on the job ? shepard yeah , long time ago . I know you ? JOHN I look familiar ? shepard ( look he over ) no . what house you work ? John get up , slide next to shepard . JOHN the 2 - 3 . homicide . shepard a hot shot , huh ? JOHN Nah , just work the job . shepard I hear that . JOHN as a matter of fact , I catch a case that go back to you day ... one of the nightingale murder . beat . shepard no kiddin' ? JOHN no. miss teenager . disappear thirty year ago . found she bone last week . buried behind some old diner , up by dyckman street . Mary finelli . John wait again for shepard 's reaction ... shepard huh . JOHN ( sip drink ) talk about dumb luck . odd of anybody find that girl , thirty year later . and then the chance of hit a dental ... forget about it . bet part be she 's the first victim . she know the doer . I be betting that bone be gonna do a lot of talk . shepard say nothing , but he eye be burn into John . JOHN ( cont 'd ) the past be a funny thing . we have all get skeleton in the closet . you just never know when they be gonna pop up and bite you in the ass , Carl . John slip something on the bar , next to shepard . it be a crime scene photo of shepard 's murder mother . he reel back , totally lose he veil of composure . he be freak . shepard who be you ? JOHN I be the train wreck you do not see come . and I be gonna steal you life away . you go down 30 year ago . you just do not know it yet . and with that , John get up , leave shepard stunne . int . sullivan house - day - 1969 & 1998 johnny and gordo sit cross-legged in front of the tv . the world series be on . game 5 . first inning . Julia be busy bring in grocery from she car . intercut frank and JOHN . frank you be tell I this maniac be a cop ? what the hell be I suppose to do with that one ? JOHN call the FBI . use a pay phone . do not give them you name , dad . just tell ' they that it be shepard who kill finelli and Clark and the other . that he 's the nightingale . in the b.g. of Frank 's house a doorbell ring . Julia can be see go to answer it . it be satch . there be ad lib greeting that we do not clearly hear . JOHN ( cont 'd ) tell they where finelli 's body be bury . they will be able to connect he to she . same high school . same class . I be betting they search he place they find some souvenir . satch step into the study ...1969 . frank okay , I be on it . ( see satch ) hey . satch hello , Frank . Frank 's hand lift off the squawk bar . he note satch 's tone and demeanor . frank what be you do here , satch ? you off today ? JOHN ( o.s. ) ( over the ham ) dad , you there ? satch Frank , we need to talk ... frank ( into radio ) John , hold on a second . ( to satch ) I be in the middle of something important here . you mind if ... Frank suddenly spot something through the front window . satch 's partner , phil haye , and two uniform out at the curb . half a penny drop . all he sense go on alert . and instinct kick ... he hit the squawk bar . frank ( cont 'd ) satch , you gotta just give I ... satch be here John . you hear I ? satch be here . satch I be sorry , Frank , but you need to come outside . Frank release the squawk bar . johnny and gordo remain fix on the game , oblivious to anything else . in the kitchen , we can see Julia move around put away the grocery . JOHN ( o.s. ) ( over the ham ) dad , what the hell be go on ? frank ( into mic ) just a minute , John ...okay ? do not go away . Julia now become aware of the tension in the voice in the other room . she look outside and see phil and the uniform . she look at Frank and satch with confusion . Frank hit the squawk bar again . he want John to hear this . frank ( cont 'd ) what be go on here , satch ? what be that guy do out there ? satch I think you know , Frank . frank no , I do not . satch let 's go outside and talk . we need to do that . frank about what ? satch let 's go . do we both a favor . a long beat . Frank see Julia stare at they . she be now a bundle of grow anxiety . Frank stand up . frank okay . ( to Julia ) it 's okay , Bud . I will be right back . ( into radio ) stay there , John . and then he and satch walk out the front door . ext . sullivan house - front yard - continuous ... and towards a spot halfway between the house and the cop . from inside the house , johnny and gordo have begin to take in the activity . satch where be you last night , Frank ? the rest of the penny drop . Frank stall , try to think frank what do you mean ? satch do you know where I find this ? and he hand frank he miss driver' license . Frank look like a truck hit he . satch ( cont 'd ) 415 greenwich St. # 302 . under the body of a murder woman . frank no . this be not what you think . satch I wanna be wrong here . but we need to go to the precinct and talk about it . frank okay , okay . I need to go say something to Julia and finish up with the guy on the radio . satch you can talk to Julia . forget the radio . Frank nod . take stock of the cop by the car and head back into the house . int . sullivan house - continuous Julia , who have be watch through a front room window with johnny , move to meet Frank . behind Frank , satch signal phil and the uniform that all be okay , give Frank a couple of step on he . Frank step into the house and wrap he arm around Julia , turn so he can see both satch outside and where he want to go inside . frank trust I , Bud . do that for I . int . sullivan house - study - continuous Frank move Julia toward the desk , lulling satch a moment , then quickly step to the ham radio and hit the squawk bar . frank John , you there ? JOHN ( o.s. ) ( over the ham ) yeah , dad . what the hell be go on ? frank satch be busting I for sissy Clark 's murder . John ... Julia stare dumbfounded at Frank . satch ( o.s. ) Frank . satch stride by Julia and reach to take Frank 's elbow . Frank wheel at the sound of he name and the touch , and he lurch back from satch . frank ... you gotta help I , Chief . -- and the movement yank the mic cord to the radio tight , drag it to the edge of the desk . johnny tear into the room and clutches onto he mother . " daddy , daddy ! " satch that 's not the deal , Frank . do not do this to you family . and Frank throw he hand up in front of he chest in a " I give up " gesture . JOHN ( o.s. ) dad ! dad ! what 's go on ? satch ?! and the ham radio crash to the floor in 1969 . smash CUT to : 1998 . the ham radio transforming ... a large dent appear in its case before John 's eye ... dial crack . dread creep into John 's face as we smash CUT to : john' Pov we see what John see in 1998 . but we also go inside he mind and glimpse flash of new childhood memory . memories of see he father arrest for murder . image that match johnny' Pov from moment ago in 1969 . int . 17th precinct - interrogation room - day - 1969 Frank sit at a metal table bolt to the floor , satch sit across . phil stand . two cup of coffee on the table . the room be very bare . cinder block wall . pad lock and bar over the window . a small metal cabinet against the far wall . satch and phil smoke . Frank do not . frank Carl shepard . detective out of the 15th precinct . satch stare at Frank with utter incredulity . phil light a smoke , toss the pack and the matchbook on the table . frank ( cont 'd ) I swear , satch . satch uh , huh ... ( beat ) uh , huh . and you get this from the guy you be talk to on the radio when I come in ? frank as nut as that sound , yes . satch uh , huh . frank satch , would you listen to I here . just you and I . can I talk to you here , alone ? satch look over at phil . satch give I a little time with this guy . phil nod he understanding , step out of the room . satch ( cont 'd ) Frank , this be not the time to be worried about cover up if you have a thing with this girl . frank he 's not gonna stop , satch . he 's gonna keep on ... satch be you listen to I ? you be in a world of shit . a eye witness have you outside the dead girl 's apartment . we get you print all over the place . plus the fuck driver 's license , Frank . ( beat ) you gotta give I something here . something I can believe . it 's quiet for a moment . and then a sound filter in under the door . the sound of cop cheer . it 's the World Series . Frank sit up - take a beat . frank what if I could prove it to you , satch ? satch how 's that ? frank what if I tell you that in the bottom of the 6th we be gonna be down 3 - 0 . and cleon Jones be gonna get hit in the foot . it 's gonna leave a scuff mark on the ball . satch Frank , please ... frank the next batter , clendenon , hit one outta the park . satch Frank , this be insane ... frank in the bottom of the 7th , weis be gonna hit a solo home run . Jones and swoboda be gonna score in the 8th . the Met be gonna win 5 - 3. ( beat ) go watch the game , satch . satch go watch the game ? go watch the fuck game ? Frank , they be gonna make you for sissy Clark 's murderer . it match the nightingale 's profile . you understand what that mean ? we hear the bolt slide , the knob turn and the door open . phil his wife be here . she want to talk to you . satch nod okay to phil . he close the door . satch whatta you want I to tell she ? Frank struggle for a answer ... but come up speechless . satch look like he heart be break . unable to comprehend how Frank could have slip this far . a long beat , then ... frank she 's in harm 's way . he 's gonna be come for she . satch snort , incredulous . Frank reach over the table and take he hand , deadly serious . frank ( cont 'd ) promise I , as a friend . October 22 , do not let she out of you sight . satch nod okay . they have a understanding . int . 17th precinct - sgt' desk - moment later satch walk down the stair . Julia alone on the bench . she see satch approach , stand up , look at he for a answer , for a explanation ... for hope . satch ( after a beat ) let 's walk , get a cup of coffee . Julia nod okay . they exit the precinct house and into ... ext . 17th precinct - continuous ... the street . around the corner we catch sight of someone familiar - someone Julia and satch do not recognize : shepard . int . 17th precinct - sgt' desk - continuous shepard approach the desk , flash he shield at sergeant . shepard you get a collar in here for the nightingale murder ? desk sgt . yeah . shepard I be work with one of the victim outta Brooklyn North . you mind I take a shot at he ? desk sgt . that 's deleon and haye ' collar . shepard they around ? desk sgt . just miss deleon . haye be up in the squad . shepard where 's the collar , in the cell ? desk sgt . no , I think he 's up in interrogation . shepard I will go find haye . shepard turn , glide through the lobby like a shark ... int . coffee shop - moment later satch and Julia sit at a booth in the back . satch stir he coffee , try to start a very hard conversation . as he struggle to begin , the camera notice something in the b.g. at the counter : a few stray people gather around watch the world series on a old tv . audio come up . int . 17th precinct - hallway - continuous shepard pass the coffee room . it be pack with detective , gather around a tv ... watch the game . phil haye be among they . and as shepard pass , phil half catch a glimpse of he as he glide down the hall and enter . int . 17th precinct - interrogation room - continuous Frank look up to see shepard , who quickly close the door behind he ... and unholster he gun . a eerie moment . shepard on you foot . Frank wait a beat . then very slowly , he stand . shepard ( cont 'd ) now turn around , face the wall . Frank step back , slowly turn . shepard holster the gun . kick Frank up against the wall as he reach into he pocket and take out the leather garrote we see in the peppermint Lounge bathroom . he coil it around he hand . shepard ( cont 'd ) how do you know ? Frank be tremble . frank ( face the wall ) you twisted animal ... shepard evidence say you be the animal . ( snap garrote tight ) that 's why you hang yourself . but Frank turn . frank you try put that thing around my neck and I will rip you throat out . you want I dead , use the gun . shepard smile , unfaze ... shepard let I draw you a picture . you live at 1060 41st Ave . you have a wife who work at New York Hospital . and a six - year old at p.s. 130 . shepard give Frank a look that would make a Marine drill sergeant shit he pants . shepard know Frank 's weakness , the one thing that would make he submit to death . close he eye , Frank turn to face the wall ... but the door handle rattles , someone be outside come in . shepard quickly yank Frank away from the wall , shove he in a chair at the interrogation table . the door open . phil what the hell be go on here ? frank you get to help I . he 's try to kill I . shepard just laugh . phil scan the room - everything look normal , a cop question a perp . shepard mind if we take it outside ? phil shrug okay . shepard ( cont 'd ) ( to Frank ) I will be right back . shepard and phil step out - bolt the door behind they . int . 17th precinct - hallway - continuous shepard and phil stand outside the door . shepard ... do not mean t step on you toe . they send I up from downstairs , I think you would be in there with he . phil what be you look at he for ? int . 17th precinct - interrogation room - continuous Frank 's expression begin to harden . his eye search the room . close on he eye . he look like John - control rage pierce through that Sullivan thousand yard stare . he stand , turn around , look for something , anything that he can use to get the hell out of there . his mind 's racing , fire fighter training kick in . and then he look up - just below the ceiling , above the door - a 2'x2 ' electrical conductor BOX . follow Frank 's eye to something else . a AIR conditioner mounted in the window . Frank go to the window . run he finger along the air conditioner 's thick electrical cord - think . he unplug it . and then he rip cord out of the unit , expose wire . int . 17th precinct - hallway - continuous a loud cheer rise out of the coffee room - the game be heating up . shepard and phil be still stand outside the interrogation room . shepard flash a smile , have say something that make phil laugh ... phil yeah , half the uniform be either at the game or on the street . it 's gonna be a riot if they pull it off . shepard ( glance down the hall - in direction of sound of tv ) what 's the score ? int . coffee shop - continuous Julia 's cry . satch have no word to comfort she , now way of explain any of this . he reach out across the table ... take she hand . and as they sit quietly . camera track towards the counter . and we hear something that satch do not . the sound of a voice . tv announcer . the series ... tv announcer ( o.s. ) cleon Jones think he 's hit . I think the ball hit he in the foot ... int . 17th precinct - interrogation room - continuous Frank use the heel of he shoe to rip the plug off the other end of the electrical cord . both end now have expose wire . int . 17th precinct - coffee room - continuous Close on a match . pull back to reveal shepard lighting phil 's cigarette , then one for himself . they be inside the squad 's coffee room now . all eye on the tv : tv announcer hadge be come outta the dig out . he 's call for the ball . can we get a shot of the ball ? shepard inhale deeply , sneaking a glance down hall at the close interrogation room door . int . coffee shop - continuous satch look past Julia , distract , curious . satch can you excuse I for a second ? Julia seem bewilder as satch get up out of the booth , make he way through the restaurant and towards the tv . int . 17th precinct - interrogation room - continuous Frank , in full throttle , drag a chair against the wall . climb on the chair , use a dime to unscrew the electrical conductor BOX . he then unscrew the master fuse and shove one end of the electrical cord' exposed wire around the fuse cylinder . after re-tighten the fuse , and careful not to touch the other end of the cord , he jump off the chair . footstep . Frank freeze . someone 's walk down the hall . int . 17th precinct - coffee shop - continuous Wall to wall cop . mesmerized by the game , especially phil . tv announcer there 's a scuff mark on the ball ! the umpire have reverse he decision . he 's send Jones to first base ! the cop erupt . cheer . shepard ( yell over the noise ) you mind I go back at the fire boy for a while ? I will not lay a hand on he , just want to see what he 's get ? phil go ahead , knock yourself out . shepard give phil one last smile , then slip out - casually head down the hall ... towards the interrogation room . int . 17th precinct - interrogation room - continuous Frank , sweat bullet now , take the two coffee cup off the table and pour they content on the floor . the coffee form a SMALL puddle which Frank be careful not to let slip over the door saddle . he put the cup down . then open the cabinet , rifling through , find a can of lysol spray . sound of cop cheer filter in under the door . int . coffee shop - day - continuous satch be rivete to the tv as clendenon step up to the plate . Strike on . satch jump - Julia have come up behind he , touch he on the shoulder . she look mad : how the hell can he be watch the ball game at a time like this ? julia what 's go on , satch ? beat . satch ( dumbfounded ) I do not know . int . 17th precinct - squad room - continuous all eye on the tv . another strike to clendenon . 0 - 2 count . int . 17th precinct - interrogation room - continuous the door knob turn . the door half -open . shepard stick he head in , scan the room . he relax a bit when he see Frank sit quietly at the table . shepard open the door a little further , take a half step into the room ... and into the puddle of coffee ! Frank raise he arm . he 's hold the live electrical cord . shepard : what the fuck ? Frank flick the cord ... which land like a snake at shepard 's foot ... in the puddle of coffee . 5,000 volt surge through shepard 's body . SPARKS and smoke shoot out of conductor BOX ... int . 17th precinct - squad room - continuous close on tv . clendenon still up . 1 - 2 count . the wind up ... but something be wrong with the tv . a spark shoot out of the back of the set . and then the entire 17th precinct go dark . Frank have short out the electrical system . the cop look at each other in a moment of piss confusion . int . 17th precinct - interrogation room - day Frank lunge over the table , smash a wooden chair over shepard 's head . he 's in overdrive . kick the still live cord out of the coffee puddle , he then drag shepard 's body into the room , shutting the door . Frank quickly rip off shepard 's sport jacket , pockete shepard 's wallet and badge . and then , move very fast , Frank grab the lysol can and the match phil leave on the table . he light a match and hold it in front of the lysol can . he point the can at the ceiling - at the FIRE alarm sensor . Hit spray button - professional Fire fighter ingenuity - homeade blow torch . int . 17th precinct - hallway - continuous FIRE alarm sound off . sprinkler system kick in , water gush from the ceiling . cop begin to move , investigate . int . 17th precinct - interrogation room - continuous Frank crack open the door and slip out . as the door close , shepard 's eye pop open . int . 17th precinct - hallway - continuous sprinkler rain down on Frank as he move down the hall . through the darkness he can see someone come . it 's phil . Frank cover he face ... search for a place to disappear . int . coffee shop - continuous nobody breathes . all eye on the tv . the count be now 2 - 2 . the pitch be a high fastball . clendenon take a massive swing . he nail it . home run ! the coffee shop break into cheer . everyone scream they head off . everyone except satch , who just stand there , in complete and utter shock . Julia look at he questioningly . satch ( yell over the madness ) he be right ! everything he say . he be tell the truth . julia then you believe he ? satch yeah I do . you bet you life I do . and they hug . the weight of the world slide off Julia 's shoulder . but someone be try to get satch 's attention . it be the counter man , he 's hold a phone . satch take the phone , beat , he face go ashen . satch ( cont 'd ) I be on my way ... he drop the phone , head for the door . satch ( cont 'd ) ( to Julia ) wait here , I will send a uniform . and satch be go . int . 17th precinct - hallway - continuous power be still off . sprinkler still gush . amidst the chaos , a bathroom door swing open . a man step out . a cop . leather jacket , gold shield . it 's Frank . he slip through the madness , head down the hall and towards the stair . ext . 17th precinct - continuous satch race down the crowded block ... dodging celebrate Met ' fan ... bolt up the precinct step into the house . int . 17th precinct - interrogation room - continuous phil run in . scan the room . but it be empty . no Frank . no shepard . just a puddle of coffee on the floor . int . 17th precinct - sgt' desk - continuous satch charge into the lobby . the light start to flicker back on . Chaos give way to order . satch head for the stair . and there be Frank , wear shepard 's jacket and shield . but in he hurry , satch have not spot he . Frank quickly step behind a pillar as satch tear by he and up the stair . stay with Frank as he turn ... calmly walk by the sergeant 's desk , glide out the precinct door and ... ext . 17th precinct - continuous ... disappear into the street . frank ( little smile ) elvis have leave the building . int . apartment build - hallway - day - 1998 John stalk down a apartment building hallway , gun draw . he reach a door . two lock and a bell . fuck them . John smashes he bulk into the door ...one ...two ... three time . it burst off its hinge . John charge in . place be empty . like somebody get the hell out in a hurry . a few odd and end leave behind in the haste ... include a pile of unpaid bill . carl shepard . John 's eye glaze over in rage and fury . but then he see something that make he stop and think . there be a telephone on the floor , in a corner . John stare at the phone , wheel spin . he reach in he coat and take out he notebook . flip through page . Notes on shepard : social security , address , dmv registration , and a series of phone number ... home , office , cellular . John run to the phone . punch in the cell number . Ring . shepard ( over phone ) Hell - JOHN you have the right to remain silent . if you give up that right ... intercut shepard and JOHN shepard be in he car , over a bridge , on the run ... shepard who the fuck be this ? JOHN anything you say can and will be use against you in a court of law . shepard Sullivan ? JOHN you have the right to speak to a att -- shepard fuck you , asshole . JOHN it 's a small world , Carl . and I be gonna find you . Real soon . int . shepard apartment - west 74th ST . - day - 1969 click , click -- dead bolt turn ... Front door open and shepard walk in . his ' 69 apartment be far nicer than the place we just leave John in ' 98 . shepard run to the bathroom . rip off the toilet 's tank lid , reach down and pull out a .357 Magnum colt python , wrap in clear plastic . he rip off the plastic , shove the pistol in he waistband , head into the kitchen . he grope behind the refrigerator , close on a envelope glass tape to back of the fridge . shepard 's hand find the envelope ... he rip it loose . and then he open it - revealing its content , souvenir , polaroid photo of the nightingale murder , women' jewelry , newspaper clipping ... shepard take out a match to burn the photo . but then ... the broom closet door burst off its hinge . Frank instantly on top of shepard . the souvenir go fly in the air . Frank pummel shepard 's head and back . but shepard smashes he elbow in Frank 's Adam 's apple , land a solid uppercut square on Frank 's nose . Frank 's eye water up , vision blurring . close on Frank 's hand , grop for the handle of a glass pitcher atop the kitchen counter . shepard reach for he gun , point the .357 at Frank 's head . shepard 's finger squeezing the trigger . it 's over . but ... frank smashes the glass pitcher down on shepard 's skull . shepard drop . crack , the gun fire , blasting AIR . frank scramble for the window . he 's outta there , expertly thunder down fire escape . ext . alley behind shepard apartment build - continuous Frank hit the pavement , twist he ankle . hear metal rattling , look up . shepard 's clatter down after he . shepard try to get off a shot through the fire escape grid . bang ! the shot ricochet wildly . Frank take off , limping and stay close to the building out of the line of fire . the street be still empty , the city glue to they tv 's . Frank hit cpw . he glance leave , right , straight ahead . Central Park . Frank run into the park . int . shepard apartment - W. 74th ST . - dusk the door be kick open . satch and phil enter , gun draw . they take in the damage from the fight . follow the trail of blood back to the kitchen . and there , strewn across the floor be shepard 's photo of he victim , the newspaper clipping , the jewelry , and the envelope with the glass tape still on it . satch know . ext . central park bridge - under construction - continuous Frank hear pound footstep - shepard be catch up . Frank 's adrenaline kick in , sprint around a bend in the path , reach long wooden bridge span Central Park Lake . the bridge be be restore . barricade across the entrance . Frank hurdle over the barricade , run onto the bridge . shepard trip in the dirt . get back up , reach the bridge , knock over a barricade , run to the middle of the bridge . franks disappeared . shepard stop , listen - nothing . ext . central park bridge - underneath - continuous Frank dangle below the bridge , hold onto the steel girder of substructure - 8 fot above water . not move a muscle , not make a sound , barely even breathe . close on sewer rat crawl on Frank 's arm . caught off guard , Frank flinch , send the rat tumble . ext . central park bridge - top of bridge - continuous Bridge side railing have be remove for construction . shepard hear something hit the water . rushes to the side of the bridge , point he gun at the water . bang ! shepard lean out further aim the gun at the water . shepard 's outstretch arm only a few foot from Frank 's head . Frank silently swing he body forward reach out ... snag shepard 's arm , pull he hard , over the side . shepard fall , grab for something , anything . wrap he arm around Frank 's leg , hang on tight . Frank struggle , kick wildly , try to shake shepard off . shepard hang on with he leave arm . pull out the gun with he right . he aim it at Frank 's head . cock back the hammer . frank lets go . kerplunk . they plunge into : ext . central park - lake - continuous murky water , thick with dirt and slime , 5 ' deep . Frank 's hang on to shepard 's arm , try to wrestle the gun free . but shepard 's use he free hand to gouge Frank 's eye . Frank bite down hard on shepard 's wrist . the gun sink silently to the muddy lake bottom . but shepard get both hand on Frank 's throat . shove he head into the shallow water . shepard 's grip be like a vise , Frank futilely try to pry shepard 's finger open . Frank be blind by pollute water . start to lose consciousness . desperately , he search the muddy lake bottom for the gun . but he 's get weaker , fade out ... then he feel something . a brick , fall off the bridge , half bury in the mud . Frank struggle to dig it up . summon he last ounce of strength , yanking it back and forth , it 's get loose . but shepard 's hand be squeezing tighter . Frank finally go limp . a few last bubbles float to the surface . shepard smile . catch he breath , slightly loosen grip on Frank 's lifeless neck . Frank spring off the lake bottom , rise out of the water like a jack - in- the -box . holding the brick with both hand , he swing . contact . the brick smashes against shepard 's head . knock he to yesterday . he drop like a rock . Frank wait for shepard to come up for air . nothing . Frank crawl out of the water , collapse onto the embankment . he just lie there , heart pound , chest heaving . and suddenly , Frank be startle by a massive roar - the sound of eight million New yorker scream in unison . the Met have just win the World Series . Frank laugh , slowly get to he foot . ext . central park west & 65 th - pay phone - dusk Frank 's drip blood and filthy lake water . the street have instantly erupt with celebrate Met ' fan . a giant party . Cars whiz by , honk they horn , passenger lean out , pump fist in victory . Frank have to yell above the racket . desk sgt . ( over phone ) 17th precinct . frank detective deleon . desk sgt . ( over phone ) hold on . int . 17th precinct - squad room the nightingale evidence from shepard 's kitchen floor be spread all over the squad room . satch deleon . intercut frank . frank satch , you gotta listen to I ... satch Frank . we know . we know it 's shepard . frank no kid . I be on the corner of 65th and cpw . come get I . Frank click down the receiver , slide in a dime , dial another number . a beat , then ... julia ( over phone ) hello ? Frank smile , and we dissolve to ext . central park - lake - night the area cordon off . detective and uniform . ems wagon . a inflatable boat be be place in the lake . two police frog man be climb into they gear . Pan over the scene to find Frank and satch . Frank 's get a blanket wrap around he . they talk quietly as satch walk Frank to a wait green and white squad car . satch you miss a hell of a game , Frank . frank next time let put some money on it . satch ( to the uniform driver ) get he home safe . satch stick out he hand ... Frank take it . they hold each other 's grip for some moment . Frank start to say " thank you " , but satch silently cut he off . Frank climb in the car . satch close the door , tap on the roof , Frank be on he way home . int . sullivan house - johnny' room - later johnny be asleep in bed . elvis sleep at the foot of it . in the shadow next to they , Julia sit very still in a rock chair , half - asleep , half -awake . stare out the window . her eye be bloodshot . she have be through hell . a faint stairway creak . elvis stir . he look up to see : frank stand in the doorway . he look a wreck . frank hey , bud . julia Frank ... and she be out of the chair . they meet in a hug . over she shoulder Frank take a long look at he sleep son . int . sullivan house - study - later relatively clean up , but very bruise , Frank be at the desk , try to repair the disassmbled radio . Julia come in and set down a cup of coffee . she kiss he on the top of he head , cast a wonder eye on the radio , and leave . ext . sullivan house - night - 1998 John pull into the driveway and stop . he stare out the window , exhaust . and then something catch he attention . a SOUND . come from inside the house . the ham radio ? he bolt from the car , run to the door , scramble to get the backdoor key into the lock , as -- frank ( o.s. ) ( over the ham ) John , John ? you there ? johnny ? int . sullivan house - kitchen - continuous John barrel into the kitchen , leave door ajar , and run ... int . sullivan house - study - continuous - 1969 & 1998 John hit the squawk bar on the ham which ... JOHN I be here , dad . I be here . intercut frank and JOHN . frank we do it , John . we stop he . a short pause , John look confuse . he sit down . JOHN wait . something 's wrong . I do not ... frank what 's wrong ? JOHN I do not remember . why do not I remember ? whack ! close on frank , the back of he skull smashed by the butt of a .45 wield by carl shepard . frank hit the floor with a thud , shepard loom over he , reach for a set of handcuffs . int . sullivan house - study - night - 1998 JOHN dad ? dad ? what 's ... whack ! the butt of a .45 smashes the back of JOHN 's skull . he tumble to the floor ... fight to stay conscious . carl shepard stand over he , the gun point at he head . shepard my turn to steal you life . int . sullivan house - study - night - 1969 shepard stand over Frank . Frank tire to struggle up . shepard force he back down , tromping a boot into he chest . shepard you be a clever fuck , fireboy . and he snap a handcuff on one of Frank 's wrist then wrench he to a steel radiator in the family room where he circle the pipe to the floor with the handcuff chain and attaches the other cuff to Frank 's other wrist . int . sullivan house - study - night - 1998 John be woozy . he reach down to he holster - it be empty ! shepard have get John 's 9 mm in he leave hand . holding the .45 to John 's head , shepard pop the clip out of the 9 mm and toss it aside . he then snap a handcuff around John 's wrist , begin drag he to the radiator . John 's foot erupt up into shepard 's groin . the .45 go fly across the room . for a suspend moment , both man be rivete to the .45 spin on the floor . int . sullivan house - family room - night - 1969 Frank , struggle to breathe , be slump by the radiator stare up at shepard 's groin . the .45 go fly across the room . for a suspend moment , both man be rivete to the .45 spin on the floor . int . sullivan house - family room - night - 1969 Frank , struggle to breathe , be slump by the radiator stare up at shepard , who be stare back with pure menace . the SOUND of a shower can be hear upstairs . shepard look up . smile . shepard time to meet the family . frank ( struggle to breathe ) this be between you and I . shepard not any more . int . sullivan house - master bathroom - night - 1969 Julia luxuriate in a steaming shower . sing , softly . int . sullivan house - family room - night - 1998 a brutal struggle for the gun between John and shepard . int . sullivan house - family room - night - 1969 Frank desperately tug at the handcuffs . steel bite down on he wrist . int . sullivan house - master bedroom - continuous Julia smile as she see a figure through the curtain . julia hey , Bud . want to join I ? and the shower curtain fly open to reveal shepard . shepard sure do . Julia let out a bloodcurl scream and plaster herself against the shower wall . int . sullivan house - family room - continuous Frank react to the scream and tear with everything he have in he to rip away from the radiator . no way . int . sullivan house - johnny' room - continuous johnny stir awake at the sound of the scream ... int . sullivan house - family room - night - 1998 John and shepard be in a desperate tug of war over the gun . they kick viciously at each other . but head . but John be still woozy from the head wound and shepard be still very strong . bang ! the gun go off . int . sullivan house - master bedroom - night - 1969 Julia be paralyze against the wall . stare into the dead as -marble eye of shepard . he look she up and down . shepard Nice . int . sullivan house - family room - continuous Frank 's wrist be bleed . he can not get out . but then he see something . something he can use . his watch . Frank struggle to unfasten the watch strap . he do it . he pinch the metal clasp with he thumb and forefinger and guide it to the keyhole in the leave handcuff . he work it . nothing . then click . he 's out ! int . sullivan house - family room - night - 1998 John shepard fight furiously . but John have manage to get control of the .45 's trigger . he squeeze it . bang . another one . bang ! bang ! int . sullivan house - master bathroom - night - 1969 shepard 's hand be move towards Julia 's breast . suddenly she lash out , digging her nail deep into shepard be face ... tearing flesh , drawing blood . int . sullivan house - family room - night - 1998 close on shepard , struggle with John . a large scar etch onto he face , in the exact spot where Julia dig she nail in 29 - year ago . bang !! bang !! int . sullivan house - master bathroom - night - 1969 shepard grab Julia by the throat . slam she against the wall , knock she unconscious onto the shower floor . he touch the gash on he face , stare at the blood . int . sullivan house - family room - night - 1998 bang ! bang ! John keep squeezing that trigger . click . click . no more bullet . shepard let go of the gun , heave John over and grab he by the neck ... strangling he . int . sullivan house - master bathroom - night - 1969 shepard be on top of Julia in the shower . he uncoil the garrote , snap it taut , and start around she neck . and then a SOUND . instantly recognizable . Beyond adequate description . but once you have hear it , you do not forget it ... chuut , chuut , chuut : the SOUND of a 12- guage pump -action shotgun ratcheting around the corner . shepard 's head spin about . frank stand in the doorway , shotgun aimed at shepard face . frank get you fuck hand off my wife . shepard do not . do not do it , Frank . you be not a killer . he be right . Frank hesitates . shepard lunge , grab the shotgun barrel . boom ! Frank fire . buckshot rip through the AIR . shepard right hand explode ... blood spattering everywhere . like a wounded animal , shepard bolt , blow past Frank . Frank gently wrap Julia in a towel . the fade sound of shepard thunder down the stair . out the door . and then softer footstep . come closer . johnny appear in the doorway . safe and sound . int . sullivan house - family room - night - 1998 shepard right hand goe limp around john' neck . he stare in SHOCK as he hand begins to disfigure . John start to choke back to life ... and then something happen . some kind of SHOCK - wave ripple through the house -- bend light - bizarrely distorting everything in its path , include shepard and John . the shock - wave be over . but the house be different . change . shepard scan the change room - disorient , bewilder . crash ! John pounce . pound blow to shepard 's head . John be on top of shepard , hand on he neck . as John squeeze the life out of he , shepard struggle to reach down he leg with he good hand ... there 's something down there . a ankle holster . shepard strain to get he hand on the gun . he do . in a flash , shepard have the gun to John 's temple . click . shepard cock back the hammer . shepard you be the kid . I remember now . keeping the gun press against John 's temple , shepard get to he foot . shepard ( cont 'd ) but this time , no daddy . John close he eye . it 's over , he know he 's gonna die . silence . then a sound . a sound we have hear before . a sound you never forget . Music to we ear . chuut , chuut , click : the SOUND of a 12 - gauge pump -action shotgun ratcheting a round in the chamber . shepard look up to see : man holding shotgun . b-o-o-o-m : shotgun blast : buckshot rip into shepard . Impact lift he off he foot . he land dead on the floor . close on john' face open he eye . look up at the doorway . blink through shotgun smoke , try to focus . not believe what he see . frank sullivan - age sixty - nine John look up at he father , speechless . frank I be still here , Chief . ext . little league baseball field - morning - some year later we be soar high above a baseball diamond . clear light air , you can see for mile . float down to the field ... the first taste of spring and softball . picnic basket . Flowers . kite fly . Children run . the bleacher fill with family and love one . among they sit samantha . she 's smile , she 's glow ... she 's pregnant . pull back to reveal satch , gordo , ellen & gordy JR . a dalmation puppy scamper at they foot , bark in recognition as ... Frank Sullivan step into the batter 's box . close on pitcher : 22 year - old African - amerasian , a muscular beanpole . embroider on the back of the he fdny jersey be he nickname : phire power . Quick shot of first baseman . graham gibson - once a nervous probie , now a seasoned vet . and one hell of proud father . gibson ( to pitcher ) take it easy on he son , he 's older than mose . Frank sneer at gib , then glance up at gib 's wife in the bleacher . she look familiar , it 's the girl Frank save in the warehouse 29 - year ago . phire power twirl he arm ... Frank take a big swing ... contact ... the ball foul back behind the plate . towards the parking lot . where among the old chevy and ford sit a brand new mercede . the custom license plate read : yahoo . crash ! Frank 's foul ball come down hard . as the mercede ' windshield spiderweb we hear a off-camera scream ... it be gordo , jump up , run across the field . from the parking lot he eye meet franks . a i'm sorry shrug , and Frank turn he attention back to the game . the next pitch be high and outside . Frank take a looping swing ... drive the ball to the gap in right center . Frank jog to first . a easy single . from first , Frank glance over at the third base coach : julia . her hair pin up under a Met cap , Julia put two finger in she mouth and belt out a loud whistle as ... the next batter step out of the dugout . it be John Sullivan . close on John as he make he way to the plate . check out he eye : they be different , he look like he father . they have get that Frank Sullivan sparkle . John step into the batter 's box , cock back to wood . frank bring I home , son ! bring I home ! phire power uncork the fastest softball pitch you have ever see . John jump on it . rip a massive shot to deep center , way over the fence . the crew in the stand be on they foot , cheer . Frank round third , John catch up . a double high - five from Julia and they jog home together . the game be over . Frank put he arm around John . head for the bleacher . a little boy totter up to they . jumping into John 's arm . his name be Frank Jr. JOHN hey there , Chief . John give he son a kiss , glance up at samantha in the bleacher . they share a smile . and as they step off the field , he little boy reach up , take John 's hat off he head and put it on he own ... frank JR . elvis have leave the building ... close on John 's face . in he eye , bliss . cue Bruce springsteen : take I out to the ballgame . end credit roll over : archival film footage . 1969 World Series . game five . the last pitch . Met win . Shea stadium erupt . fan stream onto the field . lift the player on they head . the madness continue for a while , then slowly fade to fifth Ave. Met ' ticker tape parade . it 's a hell of a party .