friday the 13th : the final chapter written by Bruce hidemi sakow screenplay by barney Cohen base on character create by : Victor Miller , ron kurz , Martin kitrosser , and Carol Watson transcribe by Eric E. Scott scene 1 . night time . a police helicopter fly overhead at higgins Haven , shine a spotlight on various area around the cottage . 5 or 6 ambulance and 6 or 7 police car be park around the cottage and the barn . a cop with a flashlight be direct traffic . medic : ... get another one ... let 's get you ass over here ... medic # 2 : where be they ? a policeman be walk down the porch . two medic carry a body bag on a stretcher toward a ambulance . a man run toward the barn as a body be be carry out . two police officer be stand over the dead body of Jason voorhee . one of the officer bend down over the body and retrieve the axe . he place it in a plastic evidence bag and hand it to the other officer . a ambulance travel down the road toward the cottage . it 's stop by the traffic cop . Inside be two medics , one male ( Vincent ) , passenger side , one female ( lainie ) , drive . Vincent roll down he window to talk to the cop . vincent : what do you need ? where do you need it ? traffic cop : we get ten of that use in the barn . vincent : what 's wrong with they ? traffic cop : he 's dead , yeah , they be all dead . you can pull it over there . vincent : ( to lainie ) all dead . some emergency . pull it over there . the ambulance make it 's way toward the barn . scene 2 . Inside the barn , the medics stare at the body of Jason voorhee . Vincent talk to the police officer . vincent : this the guy who 's be leave the wet stuff ? officer : yeah . he get seven kid and three biker . this time they get he . vincent : ( to jamie ) hey .... lainie : hmmmm ... ( she stare at the body . ) vincent : belt he . lainie : yeah . she move toward the stretcher hold Jason 's body . as she be reach for the belt to strap he in , Jason 's hand slip out from underneath the sheet . lainie jump back , startle . vincent : what 's the matter with you ? he 's dead . Vincent belt the body and look at the officer . they both laugh at lainie . Jason 's body be place inside the ambulance . the door be shut and the megaphone come on from the helicopter above . helicopter : ok , boy and girl , let 's get go ! all the vehicle make they way down the driveway and out to the main road . the helicopter follow the last car out . higgin 's Haven be now quiet , peaceful , serene . scene 3 . the medic push the stretcher through the hospital door and down the hallway toward the morgue . they pass a room where Chris be cry in she parent 's arm . they continue through the hospital , enter the morgue 's receive door . the morgue attendant , axel greet they eat a sandwich . vincent : ( to axel hand he a clipboard ) here . sign it . axel : hmmm ... yeah ... axel lay the clipboard and the sandwich down on Jason 's stomach and sign the papers . vincent : this you last ? axel : nahh , get one more over there . Real cute girl . vincent : was. axel : huh , still be ... all ya gotta do be go over there ... lainie : ( disgust ) ohh. vincent : Nice talk , real nice talk . I get the top copy . axel rip off the sheet and hand it to the medic . they begin to exit . lainie : take care , axel . axel watch they go , stare at the clipboard , and take a bite out of he sandwich . scene 4 . axel sneak up on nurse Morgan , work inventory in another part of the hospital . axel : I be free doll . n.morgan : and a bargain at twice the price . axel : hey ! what 's the matter ? n.morgan : I have a headache , axel ! for you , I always have a headache . axel : ohh , I can fix that ! meet I in the cold room , I be close up for the night . whaddya say ? back in receive , the sheet that cover the body of Jason voorhee move ever so slightly , or do it ? n.morgan : axel , I be not go to fake any more orgasm for you ! axel : you get the curse ? n.morgan : ( look at he and smile ) if I do , you be it ! scene 5 . Inside the morgue operate room , the light be off and a tv be play . axel be watch a woman 's exercise program . nurse Morgan enter the room and close the door . n.morgan : axel ? axel ? nurse Morgan come further into the room and watch the tv for a few moment . she shake she head . n.morgan : awww ... axel . a sheet on a table behind she start to rise up . nurse Morgan be reach to switch the channel on the tv when axel come up behind she . n.morgan : aaahhh !!! God , axel ! axel : I be so glad you could come . n.morgan : axel you be the Super bowl of self - abuse ! I just cam to watch the news . tv announcer : and now back to Dave , and the tragic story of mass slaying at the local vicinity of Crystal Lake . axel sit deject on the bench . he whistle for nurse Morgan to sit beside he . she sit down and stare at the tv . tv announcer : thank you , Bill . and so begin yet another chapter of the story most resident of Crystal Lake have pray be over . a trail of mangle body have finally lead local authority to conclude ... axel use he remote to switch the channel back to the exercise show . nurse Morgan look at he and get off the bench to turn the channel by hand . n.morgan : I really come to watch the news . she change the channel and sit down beside axel . tv announcer : ... still await identification of the body . the perpetrator 's body . but to answer you question ... yes . the , uh , man responsible for the murder in Wessex County this past week , be at the moment in the Wessex County Medical Center morgue ... n.morgan : yayyy !!!! tv announcer : ... thank you Officer davidson . let 's welcome ... axel pat the body of Jason voorhee lie on a metal slab behind the bench he and nurse Morgan be sit on . axel : that 's you they be talk about , pal . tv announcer : ... I be sure that you would agree that tonight ... n.morgan : I do not believe you , axel ! axel : then ...shut ...my ... mouth nurse Morgan and axel start to kiss . axel lean back on the bench . nurse Morgan climb on top of he . tv announcer : ...are get they first good night sleep in a long time ... local law enforcement ... and now back to ... axel use the remote to change the channel back to the exercise show . nurse Morgan be none the wiser as she keep kissing and feel axel . suddenly Jason 's hand slip from underneath the sheet and brushes against nurse Morgan 's leg . she scream and jump to she foot . n.morgan : aaahhh !!! axel : Jesus Christmas ! Holy , Jesus , goddamn ! Holy Jesus jump Christmas shit !!! nurse Morgan stand in front of the door ready to leave . n.morgan : you better get that sucker in the icebox ! I must be nut ! I must ... good night , axel ! axel : hey , where ya go ? n.morgan : I will tell you where I be go , I be go crazy ! nurse Morgan exit the morgue . she enter a stockroom and lean against a wall for a moment . she begin she inventory , still shaking . she drop a couple of bottle on the floor . n.morgan : shit ! shit ! she bend down to pick the glass up . meanwhile , axel put Jason 's body into one of the cooler and shut the door . the door do not catch , but he do not notice . he sit back in front of the tv with a steaming cup of coffee and watch the woman exercise . axel : ( to tv ) hiya girl , thanks for wait . one of the woman make a particulary sexual move and axel sigh axel : oh no . ( he take a sip of coffee and spill it ) aw shit !! axel lean forward to put the coffee cup on the table when Jason appear from behind he and grab he forehead . Jason place a surgical hacksaw on he throat and run it across . blood spurt everywhere . he then twist axel 's head around . nurse Morgan be clean up the break glass . her back be to the door as she hear somebody enter the stockroom . n.morgan : get lose , axel , I be busy ! I have have more than enough of you for one night . read my lip ( she turn ) leave I alone ..... aaahhhh !!! Jason grab she by the throat and push she up against the wall . he hold she there while he shove a scalpel into she chest and then rip it down to she stomach . nurse Morgan scream . scene 6 . Mrs. jarvis and she daughter , tricia be jogging around Crystal Lake . tricia : talk to dad. m.jarvis : how be he ? tricia : he ask I to come out and see he . m.jarvis : do he tell you to take a number ? tricia : no , but he ask about you . m.jarvis : do he ? actually , you really should go out there and see he . tricia : yeah , I know ... m.jarvis : I bet he could stand a visit . what do you think ? tricia : I think you be get horny . m.jarvis : hahahahahaha . scene 7 . Tommy jarvis , 12 , sit at a desk play Zaxxon . he wear a alien mask that he create himself . Mrs. jarvis and tricia come into the house from they jog . m.jarvis : Tommy , turn that down ! tommy : Mom , I get 98,000 m.jarvis : how many robot be that ? tommy : 35 . while Tommy 's head be turn , the robot destroy he ship . m.jarvis : now , why do not you try kill a few more up in you room ? Mrs. jarvis head for the kitchen while tricia head upstairs to change . Tommy follow he mom. tommy : I can not , I need a bypass patchcord . m.jarvis : maybe you can get one in town . trish will drive you . oh and honey , get a haircut , hmmmm ... tommy : awww , ma! m.jarvis : that 's a nice mask . Tommy take off the mask and walk over to the kitchen table . Mrs. jarvis be get a glass of water . tommy : do I have to get a haircut ? m.jarvis : you be get pretty teriffic at make that thing . tommy : thanks , I just customize it . m.jarvis : where 's Gordon ? tommy : he go out . m.jarvis : oh , somebody leave the front door open again . tommy : we be in the country . m.jarvis : what if the psycho walk in ? tricia enter the kitchen and go to the fridge . tricia : he will probably challenge he to a game of Zaxxon . ( to Mrs. jarvis ) do you hear anything more about the place next door ? m.jarvis : uh-huh , it 's be rent by some kid . tricia : great ! tommy : how many ? m.jarvis : six . tricia : well , ya know , it would be nice to have some company around here . scene 8 . six kid in a beat - up station wagon be cruise down the road toward Crystal Lake and a fun-filled time in the house they rent . group : ( sing ) dadadadada country boy , country boy , sit in the grass , along come a prarie dog and crawle right up he ask I no more question ... in the back of the station wagon , Ted and jimmie discuss jimmie 's curresnt girlfriend . the rest of the group sing and goof around . ted : you break up with " BJ " Betty ? jimmie : so to speak ... and would you lighten up on she ... she 's all right . ted : hah ! I will say she 's all right . paul : ( to Doug ) why do not you look at the map or something . ted : you should have treat she right . I mean that girl want to be treat right . jimmie : I do . I do . I treat she right . that 's what drive I so crazy . I mean , first I would call she and she would take my call , but she would have something that she would have to do . and then , she would not even take my call . I mean , can you figure that ? what the fuck happen ? ted : let I put it in the ol ' computer . jimmie : hey I be serious about this , Ted . Ted pretend to have a computer in front of he . he start to tap out key on a notebook pad . ted : hey ! the computer do not lie ! ok , let 's see ... Ted tap on he " computer " and pretend to read the screen . he get a " oh shit " look and stare at jimmie . jimmie : what ? ted : it say ... it say you be ... a dead fuck . jimmie : what ? a dead fuck ? ted : a lousy lay . ( laugh ) you know , dead pecker . jimmie : oh , I see . do not hold it back from I Doc , I can take it ! give it to I straight ! ted : I do not say it . the computer do . jimmie : yeah , well , there be no computer ! ted : aha ! and there 's no Betty either ! jimmie : then I be a dead fuck . ted : like I say , the computer do not lie . jimmie : God , I be horny . scene 9 . the kid be lose . Paul pull over to the side of the road and look over to Doug who 's read the map . samantha , Paul 's girlfriend , talk to Sara , sit in the seat beside she . samantha lean forward to talk to Paul . samantha : where be we now ? paul : lost. doug : we be lose . samantha notice they be park near a cemetary and look at the gravestone . she look at Sara . samantha : pretty creepy , huh ? SARA : yeah . doug : ( to Paul ) all right , I think I get it . go straight ahead two mile and hang a right . Paul pull onto the road . the tombstone that samantha and Sara be stare at read : pamela voorhee 1930 - 1979 at Rest scene 10 . a female hitchhiker stand by the side of the road . she see the station wagon come and grab she sign which read " Canada and Love " . she flash the sign at the car in hope of get a ride . samantha : Paul , let 's pick she up ! paul : sammy , where be we gonna put she ? Paul wave as they pass the hitchhiker . Ted yell out of the back window . ted : hey honey ! gotta a sister ? ruff ! ruff ! the teenage hitchiker turn she sign around quickly . the other sign read " fuck you ! " . she raise she middle finger at the car . she look down the road to see if anyone else be come at go to sit on she backpack . she fumble for a minute but find a banana inside the backpack . she peel and take a bite . she hear a noise behind she , but before she can turn around , Jason grab a handful of hair . with he other hand , he shove a large hunt knife into the back of she neck . the blood run down she shirt . scene 11 . even . the jarvis family prepare dinner . tricia : oh , Mom I think we be have pizza . m.jarvis : I think so too , honey but I have a refridgerator full of leftover . you be not smile . you be not in the mood for my tuna salad ? tricia : well ... m.jarvis : ( look at Tommy ) I be not either . I be in the mood for ... tommy : no m.jarvis : yes . Tommy back away from he mom . tricia come up from behind to trap he . m.jarvis : I feel like ... tommy : no ... m.jarvis : a jarvis hug ! tricia and Mrs. jarvis hug the trap Tommy . the station wagon pull up to the house next door . while Tommy get a " jarvis hug " a scratch noise begin at the door . tommy : hey , somebody 's at the door . Tommy try to wiggle free . m.jarvis : oh no you do not ! tricia : no mom , I hear that too . Tommy break free and head for the door . tommy : I will go ! Tommy open the front door and they dog , Gordon , be there . tommy : Gordon ! hey Gordon ! where have ya be , huh ? have you be sneaking around ? have you get a girlfriend or something ? m.jarvis : ( from kitchen ) Tommy ! Close the door ! tommy : listen Gordon , we will talk later . Tommy close the door once Gordon be inside . at the rent cottage , the kid begin to unpack they thing . ted : all right ! paul : hey Doug , throw a beer . ted : ( hand Doug some beer ) you get it ? jimmie : ( to Ted ) see , now what do I tell you ? ted : what ? you tell I you be horny . jimmie : no , see I have come to realize that a guy can have a good time without have girl all about . ted : that 's a sin , you dead fuck ! jimmie : I really , reall do not want you to call I that anymore . ted : aww ! Gordon run up to the kid unpack the car . tricia and Tommy follow behind . samantha : hi ! what a handsome mutt you be . tricia : his name be Gordon and I be trish . samantha : hi trish . ted : hi. jimmie : hi. Mrs. jarvis stare out the window at she kid meeting the new kid . jimmie : so , uh , you live around here ? scene 12 . Inside the bathroom , samantha and Sara do a little girl talk . SARA : I do not know how you do it . samantha : I do not know how you do not . SARA : I mean ... you do it with everybody . samantha : I do not ! I do it with Paul . SARA : really ? samantha : come on Sara , I mean you know how guy be . they lie about that all the time . they say that about everybody . SARA : they do not say anthing about I . I mean , I do not have ... samantha : ahhh ... a reputation ? SARA : I do not say that ! samantha : uh-huh ! look , I get my reputation in the 6th grade . SARA : what do Paul think ? samantha : Paul think I be great in bed , so that 's where I keep he . SARA : what be the sleep arrangement here anyway ? samantha : Paul and I be take the bedroom at the end of the hall , so you and Doug can sleep next door . SARA : ( with a worried look ) really ? samantha : yeah , it 's ok , they be bunk bed . do not worry about it . scene 13 . tricia and she Mom sit in the live room read . tricia close she book . Mrs. jarvis read the paper . tricia : I be go to bed now , mom. good night . m.jarvis : do not forget , six a.m.... tricia / M. jarvis : once around the lake . tricia : good night . m.jarvis : sleep well , honey . tricia : you too , mom. tricia go to she room , Mrs. jarvis continue to read the newspaper report on the Crystal Lake massacre . scene 14 . Tommy 's in bed half asleep . he open he eye and look out the window . he see samantha in the kid 's cottage start to take off she clothes in preparation for bed . Tommy get excited and jump up and down on the bed . he hear the doorknob turn and quickly pretend he be sleep . Mrs. jarvis enter to tuck Tommy in . she look through the window , walk over and pull the shade down . she kiss Tommy 's forehead and exit the room . Tommy stare at he window shade . scene 15 . Bright and early the next morning , the kid make they way down a trail to Crystal Point , a swim area of Crystal Point , a swim area of Crystal Lake which have a rope-sw , beach , some boat dock . jimmie : ( to Ted ) I think when we get into town , I should give Betty a call . Ted be wear a walkman tune to a rock station and can not hear he . jimmie : Ted ? Ted ? I think , I think when we get into town , I should call Betty . ted : ( loudly ) jimbo , call Betty be definitely a dead fuck thing to do . everyone turn around at this remark and Ted get embarass . he take he walkman off . ted : look , first rule of love , never get reject by the same girl twice . I mean that 's useless ! you wanna make a fool of yourself , do it with someone new . jimmie : well , I do not know anybody new . ted : well , sex be a great way to meet they ! as Ted say this , twin teenage sister on bike appear in front of the group . they be come down the hill pretty fast and have to break to avoid run into they . the girl get off they bike . tina / terri : sorry ! paul : do not worry about it . jimmie : hi. terri : hi. jimmie : you , uh , girl live around here ? paul : how far be it to Crystal Point ? tina : well , that 's where we be go . terri : yeah , it 's a long walk . ted : we can take it . SARA : I be go to go get the car . doug : Sara , ya want some company ? paul : ( to the twin ) walk this way ? tina / terri : uh-huh . SARA : ( to Doug ) thanks I will just meet you guy there . doug : all right . Doug watch Sara walk down the path for a moment and then follow the group with the twin lead down another path toward Crystal Point . tina : ( to terri about Ted and jimmie ) they be cute ! Ted and jimmie follow the twin stare at they behind . ted : ( to jimmie ) two of they . Count they , one , two ... jimmie : yeah and two of we ! scene 16 . Sara be walk alone down a path . she realize that the wood be scary by yourself and begin to get nervous . she hear little noise and constantly check she surroundings . she think she hear something behind she and start to walk backwards . Sara run into a tree brach and laugh at herself . she continue down the path . scene 17 . the kid be at Crystal Point . Tina jump on the rope-sw and cannon ball into the water . Ted and jimmie be stand by the water edge . Paul use the swing next . tina : ( to Ted and jimmie ) c'mon in ! jimmie : ( embarass ) oh no , no , we have no suit . Ted look at jimmie . Paul cannon ball into the water . ted : all right ! all right ! paul : skinny dip ! Paul take off he short and throw they on the shore . samantha take off she swimsuit and dive in . Sara get embarass and leave for a dock . the twin sister look at each other , laugh , and go under water . when they come up they throw they swimsuit toward jimmie and Ted . Ted take off he clothes and dive in . Jimmy slowly take off he . tricia , Tommy , and Gordon pull up beside the station wagon in the parking space . Gordon jump out of the car window and head toward the skinny - dip kid . tommy : ( get out of the car ) Gordon ! wait up ! tricia : Gordon ! Gordon , wait up ! Gordon ! Tommy follow Gordon to the kid and get a eyeful of naked flash before tricia show up and ... tricia : Tommy ! turn around ! tommy : aw , come on , can not I just ... tricia : turn around ! the kid in the water notice they . doug : trish , c'mon in ! tricia : no thanks , I think I be overdress ! ted : hey trish ! tricia : bye-bye ! ted : Party tonight ! tommy : c'mon Gordon , we be too young for this . scene 18 . tricia , Tommy , and Gordon be drive back home . tommy : some pack of patooty , huh ? tricia : Tommy ... the car begin to make sputtering noise and trica pull over to the side of the road . tricia : oh no , what 's next ? Tommy get out and have a look at the engine . tricia : can you fix it ? tommy : I need a screwdriver . tricia : maybe there 's one in the trunk . Tommy trot back to the trunk and then to the window . tommy : I need the key . tricia hand Tommy the key . after a minute or so ... tricia : Tommy ! c'mon ! scene 19 . samantha swim over to the dock Sara be sunbathing on . she climb halfway on . samantha : c'mon in Sara , let 's see what ya get ! SARA : ( embarass ) no. samantha : c'mon Sara , strip and dip ! SARA : Sam , I say , no ! samantha : well then , I be go under and stay under until you do ! SARA : ( turn away ) see ya later ! samantha go underwater . Sara reach into she backpack for some fruit to snack on . she realize samantha have be under for a long time . she start to panic . SARA : Sam ! Sam ! Sam ! Sam ! Sam ! Sam ! Sam ! samantha float from underneath the dock and when Sara reach for she , samantha grab she arm and pull Sara into the water . SARA : you bitch ! samantha : you like that ? SARA : you bitch ! scene 20 . Tommy be fix the car . he have the hood up and be fool with the engine . tommy : turn it on , trish . tricia try to start the car . tommy : turn it trish ! a hand appear and grab Tommy 's wrist . rob : hi , Rob dyer . sorry ' bout that . as Rob take off he backpack , tricia step out of the car to see what 's go on . tricia : ( surprised ) oh , hello . rob : hi , what 's you problem ? tricia : ( be coy ) no problem . rob : I mean with the car . tricia : oh the car ... it will not start . rob : well , get in , give it a crank . tommy : lookit , I have try everything already . the only thing it could be be the cellunoid . if we only have a screwdriver . Rob whip out a large knife as Tommy stare and put it at the cellunoid . rob : ( to tricia ) ok , give it a crank ! the car start , tricia lean out of the window . tricia : you need a lift . scene 21 . tricia , Rob , Tommy , and Gordon be in the car go back to the jarvis residence . rob : I do not think anyone live this deep in the wood . tricia : we do . what be you hunt for up here today ? rob : ( quickly ) bear . anybody up at the Lake today ? tommy : ( skeptical ) you can not be hunt for bear . rob : how about kid ? there any kid ? vacationer ? people like that ? tricia : yeah , a bunch of kid move in yesterday , right next door to we . the car pull into the jarvis driveway . tricia : this be it . rob : thanks for the lift . tommy : Gordon ! tricia : would you like to come in for a minute ? rob : oh no , I do not think I can . tommy : oh you gotta come in . I get something real neat to show you in my bedroom . scene 22 . Inside the jarvis house , Mrs. jarvis be sit in the live room knitting . Tommy , Rob , and tricia burst in . tommy : hi Mom ! Tommy drag Rob upstairs to he room m.jarvis : Tommy , who 's you friend ? tricia : Mom , this be rob. Rob , this be my mother . rob : hello Mrs .... m.jarvis : jarvis . they watch Tommy drag Rob upstairs . Tommy be a horror movie buff . he make mask and prop and collect memorabilia . Rob look around he room . he walk over to a hang mask and feel it . rob : amazing . Tommy fool around with a tentacle prop and lead Rob over to he bed . tommy : come here , I want to show you something . Tommy whip out he latest mask , one that have move eye and mouth and show it to rob. tommy : ( make monster noise ) rrrrrrrrr ! scene 23 . night time . Party at the kid 's house . everybody pair off , drink beer , kiss . jimmie walk over to the stereo , put on a hard rock album , and walk over to terri . jimmie : would you care to dance ? terri : to this ? jimmie : this , this be good ! terri : all right . jimmie : well , good . they start to dance . Jimmy look like he 's have a seizure . everybody laugh and Paul walk over to the stereo and change the music . he play a slow , big band number , " tangerine " . jimmie : hey ! how come you turn that off ? paul : relax jimbo , you be gonna love this . Paul take samantha into he arm and they start to dance . Ted and Tina be on the couch , Ted make he move . ted : ( point to the teddy bear she 's hold -- to Tina ) ya wanna give the ol ' teddy bear a kiss ? Ted move too fast and try to get a kiss . Tina push he rove hand away and get off the couch . tina : teddy , teddy . I better get another drink . samantha leave Paul to refill she glass , leave Paul alone at the stereo . Tina run into he . tina : Excuse I . paul : you like this stuff ? tina : you like slow dance ? paul : I could learn to . samantha show up and whisk Paul away from the competition . samantha : kiss I , you fool ! paul : ( imitate curly ) soitenly ! woo ! woo ! jimmie : ( look at terri ) maybe we can dance to this one . terri : sure. ted : ( walk up to Tina ) c'mon . let teddy bear show you how it 's do . the kid dance to " tangerine " . scene 24 . night time . tricia and Rob come out of the jarvis house . they walk down the path a little way make small talk . tricia : stay near the trail . it go all the way around the lake . rob : I will . there 's only three of you up here ? tricia : my parent be seperate . you know , middle - age crazy . I kinda hope they get back together again . rob : yeah , I hope so too . tricia : look like another rainy one , huh ? rob : yeah . tricia : listen , if it ever get too bad out there or if you want to take a shower or whatever , we be always home and uh , if we be not , Tommy usually leave the door open . rob : ( give tricia a peck on the cheek ) good night ! tricia : take care . scene 25 . jimmie stand in the kitchen when Ted enter look for a corkscrew . ted : hey ! how ya do with yours ? jimmie do not answer . Ted search the drawer . ted : nowhere , huh ? Ted find the corkscrew and look at jimmie . jimmie : check ! ted : ya gotta warm she up . watch I , do what I do , jimbo ... Ted put he hand down he pants , unzip he zipper and stick a finger out of he fly . ted : do not be such a dead fuck ! jimmie : I tell you , I tell you that I do not like that ! besides , you have the hot one of the two ... Tina walk into the kitchen as jimmie say this . she see Ted with he hand down he pants . ted : ( to jimmie ) check ! ( notice tina-waving hand ) hiya ! jimmie : he think 's that 's funny ! he think that 's a funny thing he 's do ! scene 26 . in the live room , all the kid gather to watch the twin shotgun beer . Paul use the corkscrew to put a hole in the bottom of the can and hand the beer to Tina . paul : ready , Tina ? ok , on three . group : one...two ... three ! the sister shotgun the beer . Tina guzzle she down first as terri fall into a chair . paul : and the winner be .... Tina ! Tina jump into Paul 's arm , much to samantha 's chagrin . Sara , Doug , and Ted stare at she . tina : ( to Paul ) what do I win ? paul : what do you want ? ( Tina point at the stereo ) jimbo , put on another record . jimmie : jimbo ... tina : ( with arm around Paul -to samantha ) ya do not mind , do ya ? samantha : ( to Paul ) actually , I be think about take a little swim . it seem to be get a bit close in here for I . samantha walk out of the room . Sara run after she , but Doug hold she back . SARA : Sam ! doug : Sara , Sara ! let 's dance . SARA : I do not want to dance ! doug : well let 's mind we own business , look , I will talk to Paul , ok ? Tina and Paul start to dance . Ted be sit on the stair watch Tina . jimmie walk to the step . jimmie : I want to talk to you for a second . ted : ( point to Paul ) oh man , I be go to kill he ! jimmie : Said I want to talk to you for a second . ted : not now , dead fuck ! jimmie : that 's what I want to talk to you about . ted : do you believe this guy ? I mean I have she , she be mine ! jimmie : oh , oh well , you know what I suggest you do about that , uh , teddy ? I think you should run that through you little computer ! jimmie laugh as Ted stare at he in disbelief . scene 27 . samantha go out the door and down the path to the shore of the lake . she 's take off she clothes when she hear something behind she . samantha : Paul ? I know you be out there , paulie ! she take the rest of she clothes off and turn around . samantha : Paul ?... ok , screw you , paulie ! samantha swim out to a rubber raft float in the lake . she climb in and look toward the shore . samantha : c'mon , Paul ... I know you be out there ! Paul ? screw you , Paul ! Jason pop out from the water , grab samantha and shove a knife into she back from underneath the raft . samantha : aaahhh !!! scene 28 . from the couch , Ted light a match and stare at it . he look at Paul and Tina . Paul be have second thought about Tina . tina : what 's the matter ? paul : I can not go through with this . I - I be sorry , I gotta go . Paul leave Tina and quickly head for the door . Tina look at she sister who make a motion for she to dance with jimmie . Tina walk over to jimmie . tina : ya wanta dance ? jimmie : ( surprised ) yeah ... yeah ! they start to dance , Ted look at they and look even more deject . jimmie : I , uh , think you want to be with Ted ? tina : well , I do , but now I wanna be with you . jimmie : this make I feel really bad . ( pause ) well , do you wanna join they ? tina : jimmie ... why do not we just go upstairs ? jimmie : ( nervous laughter ) upstair ? hahahahaha . jimmie shrug he shoulder at Ted as he and terri make they way upstairs . Ted can not believe this . he stare at terri , who , feel bad for he , sit down next to Ted . Ted try he pickup line on she . ted : ( point to the teddy bear she 's hugging ) that 's a teddy bear ... want to give teddy bear a kiss ? terri turn away and all but laugh in Ted 's face . scene 29 . Paul come out of the house and to the shore of the Lake . he see samantha in the raft and quicly swim out think she 's sleep . when he get to the boat , he find out she 's dead and let out a scream . paul : Sam !!! Paul swim back to the shore . when he get to the dock , he climb halfway up on it . Jason shove a speargun deep into he crotch and lift Paul into the air . Paul howl as Jason release the spear . paul : aaahhh !!! scene 30 . Rob be at he tent tend a fire when he hear Paul scream . he leave the site for a check around the perimeter . while he be go , he can hear noise from the tent . he quickly make he way back and find he gun have be break and he stuff strewn about . Rob stare at the mess . rob : oh , shit ! scene 31 . Inside the bedroom , jimmie and Tina get ready to do the wild thing . jimmie sit on the bed while Tina stand before he , start to take off she clother . jimmie : this be a neat room . tina : this be , ah , you room ? jimmie : naw , actually it 's , it 's uh , Paul 's room . tina : you be neat ! Tina jump on jimmie and they roll about the bed kissing , suddenly the bed frame break and they start laugh . scene 32 . downstair , Ted have find a old movie reel and a projector in a closet . he look at the film and laugh . ted : hey you guy ! look what I find ! Ted have the projector up in the live room . terri sit beside Ted and on a couch behind they , sit Doug and Sara . the film turn out to be stag movie from the 30' . everybody except terri laugh at the woman on the film . terri leave to find Tina . nobody notice . scene 33 . terri go upstairs and knock on the bedroom door . terri : ( from hallway ) Tina , we gotta go . Tina and jimmie be under the cover . tina : you go ! terri : Tina , I be gonna leave without you ! tina : take a umbrella ! Tina look at jimmie and smile . it 's raining outside as terri leave . she wear a yellow rain slicker . terri walk off the step and look up at the house . terri : you slut ! terri walk to the bicycle park underneath a tree in the front yard . she bring the kickstand up as Jason stab she in the back with a spear . Ted laugh , stone as the woman dance on screen . Jason throw terri up against the house . scene 34 . Doug and Sara watch the film on the couch behind ted. SARA : I be go upstairs . doug : you tired ? SARA : no ...do you mind sleep on the bottom bunk tonight ? doug : why you wanna sleep on the top ? SARA : no. ( she look at Doug ) give I a few minute , ok ? Sara get off the couch and walk over to ted. SARA : good night , teddy bear ! ted : ( stone ) good night . Sara go upstairs . Ted turn to look at doug. ted : hahahahahahahaha . doug : stop ! scene 35 . Mrs. jarvis come in from jogging . the light be off and the house be dark and quiet . Tommy leave the door unlock again . m.jarvis : Tommy ? I be gonna towel off and then I be gonna strangle you . Mrs. jarvis walk through the house , try the light , and go to the kitchen for a glass of water . m.jarvis : Tommy ? trish ? no answer as Mrs. jarvis walk out of the kitchen and try the staircase light . rain splatter against the window . m.jarvis : anybody home ? still no answer as Mrs. jarvis go back into the kitchen , pour out she water and head for the back porch door . m.jarvis : Gordon ? where 's Tommy ? Gordon ? where 's trish ? matter of fact , where the hell be you ? Mrs. jarvis go outside , down the porch step and onto the lawn . m.jarvis : Gordon ? Gordon ? Gordon ? Gordon ? she walk right into Jason and look up at he mask . scene 36 . Tommy and tricia be in the car drive home . tommy : watch it ! can we slow down a little ? the party 's gonna go on all night . you almost make I lose my lollipop . scene 37 . Inside the bedroom , Sara strip off she clothes and in she bra and panty , put on a robe and primp in front of the mirror . scene 38 . Tommy and tricia enter the jarvis residence . tricia : Mom , we be home ! tricia try the light . nothing . tricia : Mom ? ( look at Tommy ) where be she ? tommy : I do not know . tricia : Mom ? Mom ? tricia and Tommy go upstairs to Mrs. jarvis ' bedroom . tricia : she 's not here . tommy : maybe she 's still jogging . tricia : she would never be go this long in the rain ! I be go down the path . tommy : I too ! tricia : you stay here in case she come back . tommy : I will go ! tricia : stay here and fix the light ! scene 39 . tricia run down the path in the rain and find Rob 's tent . she climb inside to wait for Rob . she see all he equipment and the newspaper clipping . a shadow of a man appear on the tent wall behind tricia . a machete come rip out and see Rob stand there , machete raise , ready to strike . rob : what the hell be you do here ? tricia : whaddya try to do , kill I ? scene 40 . jimmie and Tina be bask in the afterglow of hot teenage sex . jimmie : Tina ? tina : hmmmm ... jimmie : aw ... never mind . tina : tell I . jimmie : um...did i...was ...um...was ah ...was I ... be I a dead fuck ? tina : ( laugh ) what ? jimmie : a dead fuck / tina : no. you ah ... you know what I think ? you know what I really think ? I think you be incredible ! jimmie : ( laugh ) tina : hmmm ... I want to do it again ! jimmie : yeah ! tina : do not move , I will be right back ! Tina get up to go to the bathroom . scene 41 . jimmie come down the stair buttone he shirt . he see Ted watch the stag film and sit down beside he . ted : ( see Jimmy ) oh , hahahaha , check it out ! jimmie : why do not you run this through you little computer , teddy bear ? jimmie hand he Tina 's panty . Ted stare at they , laugh . ted : ( slurring ) hey ! congatulation , jimbo ! jimmie : where 's that bottle of wine ? why do not we celebrate ? ted : ( slurring ) I think ...maybe ... I would like that . hahahahaha . jimmie : hahaha . I be great ! jimmie go into the kitchen to get the wine . Ted quickly forget about jimmie and watch the movie stone and laugh . jimmie : I be great ... I be great ... love , teddy bear ... ted : ( watch the film ) hahahahaha . jimmie : l-o-v-e. hey Ted ? where 's ... where 's that ah ... that corkscrew ? that fancy corkscrew for the wine bottle ? Ted ? ted : ( watch the film ) hahahahahaha . jimmie : hey Ted ! Ted ! hey ! hey Ted ! where the hell 's the corkscrew ? Jason appear out of the shadow and slam the corkscrew into jimmie 's hand nail it to the counter . as jimmie turn around , Jason smashes a meat cleaver into he forehead . scene 42 . Tina come back into the bedroom . tina : jimmie ? jimmie be go . Tina wonder where he 's at for about two second when she notice the two bicycle underneath the tree . she stare out the window for a few moment , wiping the steam off the glass when Jason shove he arm through the glass and grab Tina . he bring she toward he and fling she high into the air . she land on top of the station wagon and slowly crumple to the ground . scene 43 . Rob and tricia be inside the tent . rob : my sister Sandra be ... a really good kid . tricia : but the man who kill you sister be dead . rob : he 's alive . look , ( show she the newspaper clipping ) Jason as a child , right ? artist conception of Jason as describe by a would be victim , right ? and then ... the murder . tricia : but , he 's dead . rob : Jason 's body have disappear from the morgue . tricia : it be steal . rob : it be not steal ! two people at the hospital be miss ... coincidence ? he 's alive ! tricia : oh my God ! Tommy 's at the house ! scene 44 . Tommy enter the basement of the jarvis house . he use a flashlight to search for the fusebox . scene 45 . Ted watch the stag film . in the kitchen , Jason wipe a blade free for blood . ted : ( find the teddy bear terri leave ) teddy ! ( look at the screen ) oh man ! Ted see a particulary good look woman take a bath in the film . he get up and stagger to the screen . ted : so ...uh ... ya wanna give the ol ' teddy bear a kiss ? the film in the projector run and flap around and around . Ted look at the bright light . ted : jimbo ? jimbo ? hahahahahaha aaahhh !!! Jason be behind the movie screen . he shove the knife into the back of Ted 's head through the screen . Ted fall to the ground , blood trail on the white background . scene 48 . Doug and Sara finish make love in the shower . Sara towel off and head for the bedroom to blowdry she hair . doug : ( from inside shower ) Sara ! I think I be in heaven ! SARA : ( lean against wall ) I think I be in love . doug : what ? SARA : I will meet you in the bottom bunk . doug : ( sing ) tangerine .... Sara smile and leave the bathroom while Doug be sing . Inside the bedroom , she start to blowdry she hair . she can not hear doug. doug : ( sing ) tangerine ... she be ... the light go off in the bathroom . doug : Sara ? Change you mind ? come on , get in here ... there 's plenty of room , we can sing a duet ... Doug can see a shape approach the shower door . doug : who be it , paulie ? paulie ? hey , paulie be that you ? hey paulie ... whoops drop my bar of soap , old buddy , gonna have to get in here with I old pal ! hohohoho ! aaahhhh !!! Jason shove a arm through the glass shower door and grab Doug 's face with he hand . he cave Doug 's face in . Sara finish drying she hair and walk back to the bathroom . she open the door . SARA : I come to hear you sing ... so sing ! Sara see Doug 's dead body in the shower . she scream and run downstairs . SARA : Sam ! aaahhh !!!! Sam ! Sam ! Sam ! Sam ! Sara try to get out of the house through the front door . it will not open . Jason swing a axe through the door and into Sara 's chest . she fall to the ground quivering . scene 49 . Tommy have fix the light and be upstairs . he can hear somebody try to get in through the front door . he slowly descend the step as glass break and Rob and tricia enter the jarvis house . tricia : Tommy ! thank God you be ok ! Tommy ! tommy : what happen ? tricia : where 's Mom ? be she back yet ? tommy : no , not yet ! tricia : I be gonna call for help . tommy : Rob , what 's go on ? as tricia try to phone out , Jason pull the connecter box from the side of the house . tricia : I be not get anything rob : I be gonna go next door . tricia : I be go with you . rob : no! tricia : I be go with you ! Tommy , you stay here , ok ? and lock the door . rob : Tommy , hold the fort ! tricia : Gordon ! scene 50 . Rob , tricia , and Gordon walk over to the kid 's cottage . as they step on the porch , they see a huge hole in the front door . rob : he 's be here ! tricia : what if he 's still here ? rob : here , take this ! take it ! Rob hand tricia the machete and they enter the house . it 's dark and quiet inside save for the projector still run . the power go off suddenly and the projector shut down . rob : I be go downstairs . you stay here with Gordon . tricia : no! rob : stay right here with Gordon ! tricia watch Rob as go down the basement step . Gordon trot upstairs . scene 51 . Gordon run upstairs , yelp a couple time and jump out of the second story window . tricia hear the glass break and go upstairs . she hear the shower run and head for the bathroom . Tommy find the newspaper clipping of the Crystal Lake massacre inside Rob 's backpack . tricia walk over to the bathroom . the door be open and she peek inside . she see the break glass and the blood on the floor . with she eye , she follow the bloody trail over to the corner . Doug have be spike face first into the wall . tricia scream and run downstairs . tricia : aaahhh !!! Rob ! he 's here ! he 's here ! rob! rob! rob! scene 52 . tricia run into the basement . tricia : he 's here ! he 's here ! he 's kill all of they , I know it ! rob : ok , come on ! as they go upstairs , one of Rob 's leg bust through through a step and be catch . rob : shit ! give I a hand ! he het he foot out and go back down the step . tricia stay . rob : gotta fix the light ! tricia : no! no! no! Jason attack Rob as he look for the fusebox . rob : oh my God ! oh my God ! run! aaahhh !!! run! run ! he 's get I ! he 's kill I ! run trish ! run! aaahhh !!! trish run ! aaahhh !!! tricia : what ? aaahhh !!! what ? aaahhh !!! scene 53 . tricia stare in disbelief . she run up the stair and when Rob 's voice trail off , she go back down the stair to find he . Jason grab she ankle from underneath the stair . she use the machete to get he to let go of she . tricia : aaahhhh !!! get off I ! aaahhh !!! tricia run for the front door . as she open it , Tina 's body be lay there . tricia run into the kitchen , open the back door and jimmie 's body be hang across the door frame . she throw a chair through the window and crawl outside . tricia run for the jarvis house . Tommy hear she scream and run for the door . scene 54 . tricia enter the jarvis house . tricia : Tommy ! all the door lock ? tommy : yeah ! tricia : get I a hammer and nail right now ! tommy : be he here ? tricia : yes ! ( pause ) Tommy ? hurry ! Tommy hand tricia the equipment . she nail the door shut . Jason come out of the kid 's cottage use the kitchen door . he rip jimmie 's body out of the way . tricia look through the window to see if Jason be come , but it 's too dark . after a few moment of quiet , Rob 's corpse come crash through a picture window in the live room . tommy / tricia : aaahhh ! tricia go to look at Rob 's body . Jason come through another window and grab Tommy . tommy : tricia , help ! tricia use the hammer that be in Rob 's head to beat on Jason . tommy : help I ! help I ! put I down ! put I down ! tricia use the claw side of the hammer and shove it in Jason 's neck . he let go of Tommy and disappear into the darkness . as tricia and Tommy run for the upstairs , Jason crash through the front door and throw the hammer at tricia . it miss and vibrate in the wall . scene 55 . Tommy and tricia enter Tommy 's bedroom and lock the door behind they . tricia point to a large bookcase . tricia : Tommy , Tommy , help I push this ! they push the bookcase against the door and huddle in the middle of the room . tricia : where be he ? Jason jiggle the door knob . tricia : what be he do ? Jason swing a axe through the door , push the bookcase away , and try to enter the room . tricia grab 's Tommy 's computer monitor and smashes it on Jason 's head . he fall motionless on the floor . Tommy and tricia look at the body through the hole in the door . tricia : I be go out the back . when he follow , I want you to run like hell , hear I ? run like hell ! tricia open the door and lightly step past Jason 's body . Jason grab the axe and swing it at tricia . it stick in the wall . tommy : trish ! Jason look at Tommy , then tricia . she run downstairs . tricia : Tommy ! no! Jason follow tricia down the stair . tricia : aaahhh !!! tommy : trish ! scene 56 . tricia run for the kid cottage with Jason close behind . she run inside the house and up the stair . Jason follow . she be trap at the top with nowhere to go . Jason come close . tricia jump through the window , landing on she back on the ground . Jason look out the window , see that tricia be lay motionless and go back inside . tricia get up and head back for the jarvis house . meanwhile , Tommy be cut he hair to look like Jason in the newspaper clipping . Jason be follow tricia back to the house . scene 57 . tricia enter the jarvis house . Tommy hear she from upstairs . tommy : trish ? tricia : Tommy ? Tommy , you be suppose to leave ! the front door be open and Jason step inside . tricia hear he and swing the machete . Tommy quickly shave he head . tricia swing the machete at Jason . she wound he between he finger . she run as he stare at the wound . tricia : Tommy ! Tommy ! get the hell out of here ! tricia swing the machete as Jason come closer . tricia : no ! you son-of -a-bitch ! I will give you something to remember I by ! tricia swing the machete into Jason 's chest . it do not affect he . she drop the machete . he grab she and throw she to the floor . tricia : aaahhh !!! Tommy come down the stair . he call to Jason . tommy : Jason ! Jason ! Jason turn to look at Tommy . he sense something familiar and walk closer to he . tommy : remember Jason ? Jason , do not you remember ? remember Jason ? Jason , remember ? remember ? while Jason be preoccupy with Tommy , tricia pick up the machete and swing it at Jason 's head as he be turn to face she . it knock the hockey mask off revealing he hideous face . tricia be horrify and she drop the machete to the floor . Tommy jump off the step and onto the floor pick up the machete . Jason hear he and turn to face Tommy . Tommy bury the machete into Jason 's head . Jason fall to he knee and then forward , landing on the machete and slide down the blade . tricia : aaahhh !!! Tommy and tricia hug in the middle of the room . tricia : Tommy ? tommy : shhhhh ! as they be hugging , Tommy look at the body of Jason voorhee . the finger be move slightly . Tommy push tricia away and attack the body with the machete . tricia : Tommy ! Tommy ! Tommy ! Tommy ! tommy : die ! die ! die ! die! scene 58 . tricia be lay in a hospital bed . a doctor and a policeman be talk to she . doctor : the shoulder will need some surgery , but we can wait till she 's a better candidate . cop : now you just get a good rest , young lady . tricia : you have not answer my question . neither one of you be answer my question . doctor : often during extreme distress , people be capable of extraordinary behavior ... that 's what happen when you brother violently attack the killer . at that moment , it be perfectly normal for he to act to protect himself . he 's go to be just fine . but , what you need right now be some rest . tricia : can I see my brother now ? doctor : sure but only for a minute ... I will send he in . Tommy stand in the doorway , he run to he sister for a hug . tricia : oh , Tommy ! as Tommy and tricia hug , a serene , peaceful , and almost evil look appear in Tommy 's eye . end