fade in : a night sky ominous black cloud roll across the heaven . thunder begin to rumble within the cloud . a unsettle feel of approach danger . various forest shot deep shadow wood . a quiet breeze rustle some dry leave . noisy cricket . some unseen creature run through the bush . the cricket stop . ext . forest road - night a very mangy wild dog feed on what be once a rabbit run over in the road . roaring around the bend come a old ford pickup . the terrify canine run for its life into the wood . int . pickup tight on hockey mask we stare down on Jason 's infamous mask hold in a young man 's ( haw ) hand . haw ( Southern accent ) I do not know how the hell you talk I into this , jarvis . angle on haw sitting in the passenger seat examine the mask be allen haw . he be a rather unusual - look guy in he mid - twenty , nervously smoking a cigar . haw Hell , I must be crazy . if the old institution ever find out about this ... boy , they would throw we butt back in a ' strait - jacket them permanent . tommy ( o.s . ) you do not have to come , hawes ... PRESS in - on driver tommy jarvis be a good- look young man in he late teens . he drive like a bat out of hell , wear a very intense expression of determination . tommy this be between I and Jason . two shot on they haw ( become more nervous ) yeah , I know . but I still do not get the therapy here . Jason 's dead , right ? how will see he corpse stop you hallucination ? tommy see it will not . but destroy he once and for all will . Jason belong in hell . tight on tommy tommy ( coldly ) I be gonna see he get there . haw stare wide - eye at Tommy . he then turn to look out the back window . ext . pickup tight on haw ' face in rear window - tilt down a huge can of gasoline , a crowbar and two shovel be see in the back of the truck . thunder begins to rumble louder . ext . forest road - night Dust kick up as the old pickup race down the road . lightning flash , illuminate the dark wood . thunder crash hellishly . CUT to : ext . cemetery - night tracking along a row of tombstone , we follow Tommy and he flashlight as he search . hawes follow , carry the gas can , tool and mask . thunder continue as a fierce , whistling wind attack . Tommy 's eye squint to read each tombstone , look for the one . lightning flash . wider - on tommy get frustrated , but far from give up , Tommy move to the new row of marker . suddenly he freeze and we PRESS in on he . angle on jason's grave lightning illuminate the tombstone that read " Jason voorhee - at Rest " . tight on tommy as he stare , a deep terror chill he bone . something else then catch he eye . angle on another grave Close to Jason 's marker we see another . it read " pamela voorhee - belove mother . " full shot on tommy and haw returning he attention to Jason 's grave , Tommy point " this be the one " to hawes , who gulp and nod . put down the other item , the boy take hold of the shovel . Tommy raise he up first . the shovel plunge into the ground . a lightning blast punctuate it as it remove a large chunk of grass and dirt . close on our gravediggers they begin to exhume the legendary killer 's body . Tommy work feverishly . hawes work nervously . again and again they shovel strike , digging into the earth . slow dissolve to : the shovel ( later ) be scraping the dirt of of a rotted coffin lid . angle up - on tommy the sweat boy toss the shovel out of the shallow grave . hawes silently hand he the crowbar from above . tight on coffin the crowbar be drive into the side . Tommy 's hand take a firm grip and yank . a horrific creak resound as the lid crack open . low angle - on tommy he hand the crowbar back to hawes . they exchange a look and a deep breath . Tommy then go for it . his hand extend slowly toward the coffin . more thunder growls . tommy' finger slip into the narrow space beneath the coffin lid . PRESS in tight on haw ' face he wince and bite he lip . PRESS in tight on tommy' face with all the courage he can muster , Tommy strain to do the deed . he yank the casket open ! angle on jason in coffin with a brilliant flash of lightning , the lid swing open to reveal the huge decompose body of jason . his head be completely cover by a army of disgusting maggot . haw gasp he fight with he stomach to keep he dinner down .. tommy climb out of grave he turn and stare down at he nemesis . a slow hatred begin to build . we PRESS in on Tommy , hearing he horrid memory : his sister scream , no , tommy , no while 10 - year - old Tommy kill Jason , repeat , " die , die ! " tight on tommy as he listen , he eye well up with a violent rage . wider Tommy look around vengefully . see a old fence a few yard away , he head for it . hawes be confuse by he action . haw hey , where be you go ? track with tommy without a word , he storm over to the rusty fence . he grab one of the spearlike post and pull it out . low angle - dolly back with fire in he eye , Tommy stalk Jason with the weapon . thunder roar above . haw rush up to Tommy , greatly alarmed . haw what 's that for ? Tommy , what be you doin ' , boy ?! the boy storm right past he . reaching the grave Tommy glare down hatefully at this monster who have destroy he love one and he life . raising the spear , he explode and jump down . tommy you bastard ! low angle - on tommy as he land in the grave , Tommy plunge the spear down with a mighty force . thunder and lightning blast hellishly . the spear penetrate deep into Jason 's chest . angle on haw , dumbfounded haw oh , shit . tommy withdraw it , then angrily ram it down again and again . close on jason's face the force of the blow cause many of the numerous maggot to start drop off he face . grossly decaye flesh be illuminate the lightning . close on tommy' face exhausted , he rage finally vent , he drive the spear into Jason for the last time . angle down - on tommy and jason over the boy 's shoulder we see the long spear extend out of Jason 's cold heart . wider recovering from he tantrum , Tommy climb out of the grave . hawes stare open-mouthed at he friend . haw Boy , he must have really mess you over . tommy reach down , pick up Jason 's hockey mask , and stare at it . insert - hockey mask it seem to stare back evilly at he . tommy ( o.s. ) yeah . fuck you , Jason . resume tommy Tommy , know the nightmare be finally over , toss the mask into the grave . he then bend down and start to uncap the gas can . wider on scene without warning , the sky explode with a mass of lightning . one of the bolt of electricity be draw to the spear as to a lightning rod . SPARKS fly as the spear be strike and electrify . Tommy and hawes dive for cover . tight on jason's face jason's decomposed eyelids flash OPEN ! angle on tommy and haw uncover they head , they look skyward in fear . quickly , Tommy get to he foot and go for the troublesome spear . another angle the unintend lightning rod be still smoking a little from the blast . he touch it . it 's hot . he pull out a pair of glove from he jacket . put they on , he then attempt to remove the spear . he can not get proper leverage . so Tommy jump down into Jason 's grave . low angle - on tommy he struggle to pull the spear out . it 's apparently drive into the bottom of the coffin as well . hawes lean down into the grave . haw let 's just get the hell out of here . my heart can not take any more of this . close on jason's face Jason 's wick eye glare at Tommy . resume tommy the boy , of course , do not see what 's about to occur . he finally yank the spear out , and throw it up onto the grass . slowly he remove he glove and toss they to hawes . he start to climb out . jason spring up from behind and grab he . close on haw scream he go crazy with hysteria . he start to run . angle down - on grave Tommy fight for he life as Jason try to pull he down into the grave . he manage to kick Jason back down long enough to climb out . tommy scramble for the gas can as the STORM cloud detonate above . he get it open , turn around , and start throw it on the rise corpse of Jason . angle on jason the gas splashes all over he as he keep come ! reverse on tommy he back up as Jason stalk he . know there 's enough gas now on he predator , he drop the can . tighter - on jason he 's come closer . tighter - on tommy panick , he search he pocket for the match . he find they . as he pull they out , the STORM cloud erupt with a incredible downpour . jason stop as the rain drench he . maggot start to wash off he as he stare at he helpless victim . resume tommy he try desperately to light a match in this pound rain . tommy' hand struggle with the soak matchbook . jason start to close in . suddenly haw emerge from behind , holding up a shovel . he hollers as he swing it . angle on haw he whack the back of Jason 's head as hard as he can . it do not even faze he undead superkiller . jason whip around on haw his arm lunge forcefully at hawes ' chest . angle haw ' back jason be hand , clutching haw ' heart , burst out haw ' back . angle on grave hawes ' body fall back into Jason 's grave . tight on coffin as hawes land in the coffin , the lid shut over he . angle on tommy horrify and weaponless , he run like hell . low angle - on jason see he victim escape , Jason whip around and look for a weapon . he go for the nefarious spear . something in the grave then catch he attention . ext . forest road - night Tommy race out of the cemetery to he pickup . he jump into the truck and take off in the rain . ext . cemetery - night with he back to we , Jason don he beloved hockey mask and pick up the spear . we PRESS in tight on he as he turn around to face we . freeze frame . meaner , stronger , and more unstoppable than ever before ... title proclaim : " jason have risen " open credit fade in : ext . sheriff' office - night Tommy 's old pickup screech up before we . he leap from the truck and race for the office door . the sign by it read " Forest Green County sheriff 's dept . " int . sheriff' office - night Tommy burst into the room . angle on sheriff behind desk sheriff michael garris be a hard - ass Vietnam vet who , at forty - three , have " see enough trouble and do not want no more . " that 's why he take this job a few year back . have just nodd off , Tommy 's entrance startles he . he leap to he foot , gun draw with lightning speed . reverse on tommy shock by the sheriff 's sudden aggression , Tommy instantly throw up he hand . tommy do not shoot . please . angle on sheriff he relax , see it 's just a teenager . but he 's still piss off as he holster he gun . sheriff you in show business , kid ? you sure know how to make a entrance . moving shot the hyper boy rush toward the sheriff . tommy you gotta do something ! Jason 's alive ! he kill my friend , now he 's come for I !! ext . forest road - night Jason be come . gripping the spear before he , he head toward we . int . sheriff' office - night sheriff ( sit back ) now you better cool out a minute , boy . you already almost get you head blow to piece . tommy ( demand ) will you listen , dammit ! sheriff ( stand up ) do not piss I off , junior . or I will repaint this office with you brain . Tommy try to control he emotion and sound rational . tommy Jason be alive . we dig up he body . I be gonna cremate it and ... sheriff ( smirk and interrupt ) hold it . whoa ... what 's you name , son ? tommy ( quickly ) Tommy jarvis . we gotta do something . he 's even more powerful now that ... the sheriff circle the desk and approach Tommy . sheriff be not you the kid whose mother and friend be .... tommy ( nod ) yeah . Jason murder they and ... sheriff ( cut he off again ) and you have be at some psychiatric clinic ever since , have not you ? tommy ( catch he drift ) yes , but they release I because ... the door behind he burst OPEN . deputy Rain stop . ya owe I that five - spot , partner . angle on doorway deputy rick colone hurry in with a armload of fast food . Dark , mid-thirty , and a little on the short side . he be surprised to see someone here this late . deputy sorry . I do not ... back to scene sheriff garris wave he deputy in . sheriff ( sarcastic ) no problem , Rick . come over and meet a former resident here , Tommy jarvis . he 's get some kinda prank go about ... tommy ( explode ) there 's no time for this bullshit ... moving shot - on tommy he bolt across the office and grab one of the rifle from the rack . tommy Jason 's get to be stop . angle on group both lawmen drive for the crazy kid . they food fly as they struggle to get the rifle away from the strong youth . finally the deputy pin Tommy 's arm from behind . the sheriff yank the rifle away . sheriff ( point at Tommy ) now that 's what know in the book as screwin' the pooch . ( to deputy ) Iron this punk . Tommy fight to get away from the deputy , who throw he into the cell . the iron bar be slam shut . tommy ( struggle ) no ... ya gotta listen . Jason 's come back here . he 's after I . I try to destroy he but I fuck up .... tight on sheriff he lean in toward Tommy 's cell . sheriff you get that right . now you listen up . I be sorry for what happen to you and you folk year ago . but no one in Forest Green want to be remind of what that maniac do here . that 's why they change the name to Forest Green . people want to forget this be once Crystal Lake . and they do not need some kid stir up Jason shit again . resume on tommy he pace the cell in wild frustration . tommy why do not you cremate he ?! sheriff ( impatiently ) they be gonna ! but some asshole send a lot of money to give Jason and he mother a decent burial . now look , you just lie down and get some rest . in the morning I will call that clinic and see if they ... Tommy grab the bar and plead with he . tommy if you would just go to the cemetery , you will see I be not lie . closer on sheriff and tommy sheriff either you go to sleep or I will come in there and put you out . tommy ( defiantly ) you be gonna be sorry you do not listen to I . sheriff ( more defiantly ) you be gonna be sorry if you do not shut the fuck up . CUT to : ext . forest back road - night a funky vw bug bounce along a narrow muddy road . laughter be heard from within . int . car - night a likable couple in they mid-twenty be obviously lose . lizbeth drive and giggle , slap - happy from the long trip and late hour . her boyfriend , darren , struggle to read the map in the dim car light . a huge pothole cause he to bang he head on the roof . darren will you slow down ? it 's hard enough to read this thing . lizbeth ( try not to laugh ) well , who tell I to take this cow path ? darren you admit the sign do say " Camp Forest Green , " with a arrow point this way . lizbeth I admit nothing without talk to my lawyer . darren throw down the map with a growl . darren so much for the head counselor ever find the camp on they own . I say we stop the car , get out , and start scream for help . the car come to a grind halt . darren ( sigh ) I be just kid , lizbeth . he look at he girlfriend , who be stare fearfully out the windshield . Darren turn to look . darren be p.o.v . - out windshield stand in the middle of the road , illuminate by the headlight ... jason . he hold the deadly spear before he . resume couple needless to say , lizbeth be become more afraid . lizbeth Darren , we better turn around . darren why ? lizbeth why ? because I have see enough horror movie to know mask weirdo be never friendly . she start to back up . Darren look behind he , then grab the wheel . darren wait ! the car tire almost roll off the narrow road into a water - fill gully . angle on darren he stare intensely at lizbeth . darren there 's no way we can do this ... ( he look at Jason ) ... if the car drop into that gully , we will never get it out . jason just stand he ground . he be not backin ' down . lizbeth keep she eye on the evil- look stranger . lizbeth do you have any alternate suggestion ? angle on darren and lizbeth he bite he lip nervously . darren yeah ... we be gonna scare he . lizbeth ( take aback ) we be gonna scare he ?! Darren attempt to pump up a macho attitude . darren that 's right . just drive toward he . he will move . nobody want to die . lizbeth ( stare at Darren ) that 's a freakin ' fact . least of all we . darren just drive . he will get out of we way . angle on lizbeth she shake she head , not believe she 's actually go to do this . insert - accelerator her foot stomp it down . through windshield we race toward Jason , who do not budge . insert - brake her foot slam on the brake . low angle - on headlight the car skid to a stop , inch from the stock -still killer . lizbeth turn to she now - less - than -confident boyfriend . lizbeth ( sarcastically ) yeah , that really scared the shit out of he . angle on darren he get piss . he lean over and blast the horn . low angle - on jason Jason get piss too . he swing the spear and smashes out a headlight . back to couple darren ( shocked ) oh , jeez . lizbeth ( start to shift ) that 's it . we be drive this baby back to town ... in reverse . Darren , now angere , grab she hand as she start to shift . darren the hell we be . angle on glove compartment Darren open it and pull out a . 22 revolver . lizbeth stare at the gun , then at Darren , in shock . lizbeth where would you get that ? Darren get out of the car . he 's scared shitless , but try not to show it . darren do not worry about it . just stay cool . lizbeth ( try to maintain ) stay cool ? you be not dirty Harry . now stop it . jason watch Darren 's every move . dolly back on darren to jason with great apprehension he head toward Jason , hold the gun out with both hand . he clear he nervous throat . darren all right , scumbag . get out of the road . from over Jason 's shoulder we see Darren cock the trigger and aim . darren now ! instantly Jason ram the spear into the other headlight ! he be now a very dark figure in front of the car . lizbeth scream , and shout at she boyfriend . lizbeth Darren , get in here right now ! he will kill you ! angle on darren he get a bit cocky , know he 's the one with the gun . he glance back at he girl . darren ( loudly ) not if I get he first . jason suddenly charge he ! angle on darren and jason Darren fire . but the bullet either miss or it just do not affect Jason . he thrust the spear forward . the spear drive right through Darren 's stomach and out he back ! PRESS in on lizbeth she go hysterical . low angle - on jason effortlessly , he lift up the impale boy and toss he limp body aside . Jason then turn he murderous gaze on lizbeth . through the windshield lizbeth gasp . quickly , she try to drive away . see something come , she dive across the other seat . jason's spear smashes through the windshield and impale itself into the driver' seat . angle on lizbeth the terrify girl crawl out of the open passenger door . she fall into the muddy and water - fill gully alongside the road . moving shot - on jason he withdraw he weapon from the car and head for he victim . lizbeth struggle to stand . she slip , badly twist or break she ankle . look back quickly , she be horrify . her p.o.v . - on jason with spear poise , he 's come ! tight on lizbeth know it 's hopeless to run , she try a last - ditch effort to barter for she life . lying in the muddy water , lizbeth dig into she jacket . she pull out she wallet and remove she money and credit card . lizbeth ( cry ) do not kill I , please . you can have this . she look up and offer she valuable . lizbeth be p.o.v. Jason be go . back to lizbeth she be amaze . where do he go ? what 's the difference -- she 's safe . wrong . as she look behind she , jason's feet slam down in the water next to her head . she open she mouth to scream . low angle - up on jason he raise the spear and ram it down toward her face ! a spine- chill crunch be heard . wider Jason stand over he victim ... her body float on the filthy water , but she head be drive down underneath . blood begin to bubble up around the extend spear . close on her hand a lifeless hand release the money and credit card it be clutching . we follow the float american Express card along the now - bloody stream ... remember , do not leave home without it . CUT to : int . sheriff' office - day Tommy be asleep on the cot in he cell . suddenly the loud sound of the door open and young voice startle he awake . moving shot - on group enter from the bright sunshine be the sheriff and four kid in they late teens . teasing , hold on to the arm of she sheriff father , be megan . she be a cute and feisty 18 - year - old . her three friend , paula , a warm and personable girl with a short new - wave haircut ; sissy be black , sexy and very boy-crazy ; and cort , with he long hair and heavy metal T-shirt , be always ready to rock . megan ( to sheriff ) come on , dad . you could have Rick drive down cunningham Road and look for they . sheriff megan , my deputy have more important thing to do than look for camp counselor with car trouble . cort sheriff , could not you like put we a all - point bulletin for they ? that would be really wick decent . the sheriff shoot he a look . paula it 's just that Darren and lizbeth be in charge of organize and set up the new campground . sissy all the little kid arrive today . we be not ready to deal with that alone . angle on sheriff he sit down behind he desk and pick up the phone . sheriff I sympathize with you kid . the best I can do be call the station in carpenter and have they keep a lookout for they . tommy ( o.s. ) I get a bad feel of what might have happen to they . everyone turn to look . tommy be grip the cell 's bar . his eye connect with megan . tommy you have get to convince the sheriff to look for you friend . hopefully , they be fine . but there 's a very good chance that Jason ... the sheriff jump up angrily . sheriff shut up . megan , attract to the good-look prisoner , walk toward he cell . megan Jason who ? sheriff ( order she ) megan , get away from he . he 's dangerous . angle on megan and tommy she stop a few foot from the cell . tommy ( sincerely ) I be not dangerous , believe I . Jason be out there . he 's look for I . but there 's every possibility he will return to the camp where it all start . wider on scene the sheriff stomp over toward Tommy . sheriff ( clenching he tooth ) I tell you to shut ... sissy ( nervously ) you mean the Jason of Camp blood ? tommy yes ! sheriff no !... ( to kid ) ... you kid better leave . this boy here be not well and I need to talk to he in private . megan but , dad , we ... sheriff ( very firmly ) megan , take you friend back to the camp . I will let you know if I hear anything about you counselor . angle on megan she want to argue , but the look in she father 's eye tell she she would better cool it . she take one more look at Tommy as she approach she father . megan ( wisecrack ) do not beat he up too bad , he 's kinda cute . this really steam the sheriff . sheriff megan , leave ! back to kide they stumble out awkwardly as megan strut away with a cool lauren bacall swagger . angle on tommy and the sheriff on the door be close , the steely - eye sheriff lean in close to Tommy 's face . sheriff I be go to call the clinic and have they collect you ass . but I do not want you around here any longer poisoning my daughter , or anyone else , with you warpe mind . tommy ( extremely concerned ) but they have to be warn , sheriff . Jason will return to the area that 's familiar . no matter what you call it , it 's still Camp Crystal Lake to he . sheriff garris walk away , not listen to Tommy . he strap on he holster and put on he coat . sheriff ( deadly serious ) we be gonna escort you and that shit - pile pickup of yours to the edge of my jurisdiction .... ( he pick up he rifle ) .... then we will say goodbye and we will never see you derange butt around here again ... ( he cock rifle ) ... right ? tommy push off the bar in frustration and pace the cell like a cage animal . CUT to : ext . forest - day a large clump of thick bush . someone 's move behind they . we track along , follow the rustle . it stop . we hold and wait . suddenly the bushes part abruptly . a bespectacle little man in Army fatigue and camouflage makeup poke he head out at we . roy , wear protective goggle , look right - leave , then hide back in the brush . another area of the forest we follow two other businessmen deck out in green jungle fatigue , look like out - of- shape rambos . stan and larry be both carry handgun , watch for any movement around they . they , too , wear goggle . stan ( quietly ) once we nail Roy , that 's it . Victory be ours . larry this be take forever . I be starve . stan that 's you problem , Larry . that 's why you sale be always below quota . you instinct to eat be stronger than you instinct to win . larry ( insulted ) my ass . stan yeah , that 's fat too . angle over jason's shoulder he watch motionlessly as the two argue man pass . they , of course , do not see he . back to guy larry ( outrage ) you become a whole other person when you be out here , Stan . and I do not like it . stan ( arrogant ) this be a man 's game . requiring a man 's cun and intelligence ... suddenly , a figure explode out of the brush . angle on stan and larry they react in terror . low angle a goggle - wear woman , also in Army fatigue , have she revolver point at they . katie fire at they . both guy be splatter by red-paint pellet . Boy , be they piss . katie grin triumphantly . katie .... with a woman 's touch . wide on group stan now wait a second ! I think burt shot you . katie ( turn all around ) see any paint ?... ( cocky ) ... sorry , guy , I do in Mr. commando . survival be the name of the game , and that flag be mine . as they walk away , Larry look at he paint-smeared chest . larry ( to Stan ) never should have let she play . stan it 's a damn company executive game , and she 's a damn company exec . katie ( motherly ) now , now , boy . do not be spoilsport . jason silently watch . he then head for they ! CUT to : ext . camp forest GREEN - day the freshly paint and beautifully renovate cabin retreat gleam in the bright sunlight . even the lake itself shimmer tranquilly , free of any memory of its horrid past . megan , cort , Paula , and sissy carry food supplies from they car to the cabin . paula I be get worried . cort about Jason . paula no ... about Darren and lizbeth . they should have at least call . do not you think , megan ?... megan . megan 's mind be definitely on something -- or someone - - else . megan ( break out of it ) huh ? yeah , what ? sissy ( giggle ) this girl 's back in the cell with she prisoner of love . megan hit she playfully . megan what 's it to ya ? sissy do not be playin ' with no crazy jailbird . that dude be bad news . megan yeah ? how would you know ? sissy I have be around long enough ... to see plenty on tv . everyone laugh or groan at sissy . paula I do not know , megan . he seem pretty weird with all that Jason stuff . cort yeah , he be really into it . megan ( play with they ) maybe he be tell the truth . everyone stop and stare at she in disbelief . megan ( keep the ruse go ) just because we parent keep tell we that Jason be only a legend , do not mean it be not true . what if Jason do come back here ... ( dramatically ) ... and you know what today 's date be , do not you ? angle on her three friend each of they face register a different expression , wonder if megan be serious or not . megan look past they at something , then smile . megan ( slyly ) I can think of only one thing even more terrifying . cort ( nervously ) what ? she point behind they . they turn to look . a big yellow bus pull up into the camp . the door fly open . a group of scream youngster pile out . the counselor stare in dread . how be they gonna handle this ? sissy I think I would rather deal with ol ' Jason . CUT to : ext . forest - day a machete be see . we follow the deadly weapon as it 's carry through the wood . reaching some heavy brush , it hack away at it . wider angle reveal burt , a real rambo / commando clone in paint-splatter fatigue , whacks angrily at the brushes . of all the would - be hunter , he look like he take the game almost too seriously . he wear a commando belt load with a survival knife , devil dart and he machete sheath . like he partner , he too be a sore loser . as he hack away , he mumble curse about this " stupid game . " he raise the machete higher as he attack the defenseless bush . suddenly , a horribly disfigure hand grab he hand , stopping the machete in mid -swing . shock , burt whip around , and gasp at the mask Jason . angle on machete Jason 's iron grip turn the hunter 's hand with the machete toward he bug-ey face . Jason force the helpless man to stare at the weapon in he own hand that 's about to take he life . he then plunge the razor - sharp blade through he neck ! ground level burt 's corpse drop before we . the gape wound through he throat bubbles out bloody air bubbles . his eye stare lifelessly at we . CUT to : ext . cemetery - day low angle - up on martin the crusty old caretaker stare down in utter horror . his bloodshot , alcoholic eye widen at what they see . martin oh , shit . shit-shit ! wider he stand over Jason 's dig - up grave , cursing at what have happen . angle on martin take out a pint of whiskey from he coat , he take a strong slug and wince . with hangover equilibrium , he pace , nervous and afraid . martin oh-hh . why I ?... I know he 's gonna blame I for this . Martin look around quickly . he decide to cover up the open grave . he start throw all the evidence into the hole , then , grab the shovel , begin fill it in . martin ( become more frighten ) damn . why Jason ? mother could have they pick ... ( he gesture ) ...of any of this other grave . angle down on OPEN grave shovel - load of dirt and mud slam down on the coffin . hawes ' foot be see stick out of the casket . martin ( o.s. ) shithead could not even stick he back in right . well , I be not gonna touch the slimy sucker . close on martin he 's beginning to sweat as he work faster . martin he can not find out . he will think I be not doin ' my job . I need that money ... he will not find out ... ( look around fearfully ) ... no one 's gonna know ... I need my money . CUT to : int . pickup - day Tommy drive with incredible anxiety down the forest road . he glance up into the rear-view mirror . rear -view mirror sheriff garris and he deputy , Rick , be follow close behind in they police car . int . sheriff' car keeping a stern eye on Tommy , the sheriff shake he head . sheriff ( to deputy ) it 's kinda frightening to think that a kid like that can go so far over the edge . Jason really screw up the poor sonofabitch 's mind . deputy ( amaze ) he really believe Jason 's still alive , do not he ? sheriff ( nod and sigh ) but that 's no what worry I the most ... it 's how far he will go to try and prove it . ext . forest road - day Tommy 's pickup , with the sheriff 's car right on he tail , roar down the road . CUT to : ext . forest - day Roy have still not be find . hiding behind a tree , the little man with funny - shape glass watch for any unseen assassin . wide on scene in he ill-fight fatigue , he dash comically from behind one tree to another . his foot catch in some vine and he take a terrific pratfall . the paint-pellet gun fly from he hand and vanish into the fall leave . angle on roy he scramble on he hand and knee to find he weapon . panick he will be see and shot , Roy start to whimper as he search . wider slowly we move toward the vulnerable little man with he back to we . CUT to : burned - out area of the forest a fire some time ago have blacken the tree and ground in this area . Katie , Stan and Larry walk along , look for they miss player . holding up the other team 's flag victoriously , Katie holler out : katie come on , you guy ! the game 's over !! stan ( disgruntled ) you do not know for sure . what about Roy ? nobody 's see he . katie ( cocky ) of course not . if he have not already accidentally pellete himself , I be sure he 's lose . stan yeah , but the game 's not over until it 's over . larry ( go along ) that 's right . Katie start to counter , when she think she hear something . she stop they abruptly . katie shh-hh . wait a second . what be that ? everyone freeze , listen very intently . a long wait . high angle - looking down on they all three stand stock -still , look around and listen . tight three shot not hearing a thing , Stan relax . stan ahh , nothing . katie ( loud whisper ) I could swear I hear ... jason slam down before they . reverse over there shoulder Jason want to play army , too . he quickly withdraw the machete from he newly acquire commando belt . with one violent slice , the blade slashes they throat . close on all three face and neck the razor - sharp machete open up all three throat almost simultaneously . it happen so fast , they barely have time to even gasp . reverse angle three hand drop off , followed by collapsing body . Jason watch they fall , then look up at something . jason p.o.v. terrify beyond belief be Roy ! he stand a few yard away in a small clear . moving shot - on jason he waste no time as he stalk the final hunter . pressing in on roy so incredibly frighten , he do not think as he raise he gun at Jason and fire . angle on jason the blood / red - paint pellet make a direct hit on Jason 's chest . he stop and glance down at this annoying mess . close on he masked face as he look up at Roy , he be even more piss off . he lunge for he . roy scream , drop the gun , and run for he life . tracking shot - on jason he be hell - bent on catch this nerd . dollying back - on roy tear of terror be welling up as the poor guy race . Jason be see a short distance behind , machete poise and ready . Roy glance back quickly , then scream as he head through the ugly char forest . roy oh , God , help I ! somebody , help !! he 's try to kill I !! CUT to : sign : " eternal rest cemetery " ext . forest road - day we be traveling toward the large sign and arrow point leave . int . pickup Tommy stare at the sign and the approach turnoff . he glance up in he rear-view mirror again . bite he lip , he decide to go for it . ext . forest road Tommy 's pickup make a sudden leave turn and head up the road toward the cemetery . int . sheriff' car sheriff ( explode ) fuckin ' a , what would I tell ya !... ( to deputy ) ... hit the noise and cherries . Rick turn on the siren and the red light . ext . forest road the police car screech leave and roar after Tommy . int . pickup Tommy get nervous hearing the siren blaring , but instead of pull over , he speed up . int . sheriff' car close on sheriff sheriff ( vengeful ) I be get real tired of this maniac . deputy maybe we better call that psychiatric clinic . sheriff ( coldly ) better call a ambulance first . ext . forest road ( toward cemetery ) the sheriff 's car accelerate and gain on the pickup . the high -speed chase continue down the narrow dirt road . ext . cemetery - MAIN gate Tommy 's old pickup skid to a stop in front of the open gate . he leap out of the truck as the sheriff screech up next to he . we crane up past the " eternal Rest " sign as Tommy race into the old cemetery . the sheriff and he deputy be run close behind . ext . cemetery tommy sprint across the bone yard in the direction of Jason 's grave . in he eye there be now the hope that they will see he 's tell the truth . he p.o.v . we head toward where Jason 's open grave be . dolly back - close on tommy running he squint he eye . maybe he 's in the wrong area . he slow down to look around . tommy be violently tackled by the sheriff . wider angry and out of breath , the sheriff pin he down to cuff he . Tommy struggle to get up . tommy I gotta show you Jason 's grave . sheriff ( clenching he tooth ) I have see it . tommy ( desperate ) please , sheriff . you will see we dig it up . another angle finally handcuff he , the sheriff yank he to he foot . gripping Tommy 's arm with one hand , he point at something . sheriff ( sarcastically ) well , he must have get chilly in the night and pull the dirt back over . Tommy look around to where the sheriff be point . the boy be astound by what he see . tommy' p.o.v. about twelve yard away be Jason 's and he mother 's tombstone . from this distance , it be impossible to tell that the chunks of lawn over Jason 's grave have be replace . angle on tommy and lawmen Tommy shake he head in utter disbelief . tommy that 's not right . somebody cover it up ... ( go toward it ) ... I gotta see it ... the sheriff yank he back . the deputy pull he .357 revolver with a laser scope attach . he aim at Tommy 's head . sheriff ( very icy ) now see what you have do . you have make my deputy draw he revolver . that could be a serious headache for you . he 's be dyin ' to try out he new mail - order laser scope . the deputy press he gun 's grip . instantly a tiny , bright red beam appear on Tommy 's temple . sheriff it 's a damn impressive piece of high - tech weaponry ... wherever the red dot go ... a bullet be sure to follow . close on tommy and laser beam he stare , fear for he life , at the stolid deputy . martin what 's the problem , sheriff ? wider on scene the old caretaker rush awkwardly toward they . immediately , the sheriff whip Tommy around . he drag he back toward the car as Rick quickly holster he gun . sheriff nothing , Martin . just a vagrant kid . we get it under control . tighter on group as they leave , Tommy look back at the old man . tommy ( demand ) who cover up Jason 's grave ?! Martin stop abruptly and try to hide he nervousness . martin what !? what be you talk about ? the sheriff pull Tommy along even faster . sheriff do not concern yourself , Martin . this boy need treatment . we be take care of it . sorry for the disturbance . tommy ( scream ) Jason 's not in he coffin ! hawes be ! dig it up ! you gotta dig it up !! angle on martin he watch with extreme uneasiness as Tommy be throw into the back of the squad car . the deputy get into Tommy 's pickup and follow the sheriff 's car . PRESS in on martin pull out he near-empty bottle of Jack Daniel 's , he downs it all . with a noisy exhale , Martin glance back at Jason 's grave . martin ( mumble to self ) dig it up ?... ( he snicker ) ... Hell , what kinda butt-hole do he think I be ! PRESS in on jason's grave as we tighten in , the large chunks of rearrange lawn be now visible . we hold on Jason 's tombstone . CUT to : ext . camp forest GREEN - day a large group of cheer female youngster . angle on megan and child the little girl sit on two large picnic table . megan stand before they . megan ... and then after that we will swim , hike , and have lot of fun together . okay ? the youngster squeal even louder . angle on sissy and paula sitting on cabin step sissy mime stick she finger down she throat in disgust . Paula stifles a laugh and slap sissy 's knee . she look around . paula so where 's cort go off to ? sissy be you ready ? he 's take we young man off to teach they my favorite sport . paula ( smirk ) which be ? sissy ( sexily ) Boy scout . paula ( laugh ) you gotta be kid ! ext . forest path - day close on twelve -year-old boy , tyen tyen ( sarcastically ) you gotta be kid ! widen on scene cort be kneel on the path , positioning two rock . he 's surround by a group of bored , arm -fold , pre-teen boy . cort ( try hard ) no , seriously ... the indian scout would arrange the rock in such a way that like only he fellow Indians would know . you know , which way he go ... ( no response ) ... you know ? tyen lean into another equally bored youngster , billy . tyen if this be as exciting as it get , we be in big trouble , dude . CUT to : ext . burned - out forest area - day jason stalk through the blackened wood . he head toward we , wear a commando belt display a knife and devil dart , a bloody machete in he hand . this undead kill machine keep come . there 's a slight fog move in as night approach . CUT to : ext . interstate highway - late afternoon off on the side of the road , sheriff garris open he backseat door . he pull Tommy out of the vehicle . gruffly , he turn he around and uncuff he . tight on tommy and sheriff whipping he back around , the sheriff grab he by he shirt and pull he uncomfortably close . sheriff I do not find it amusing that the nut house you belong in think you be responsible enough to leave here unescort . in fact , it gripe my ass . Tommy just stare coldly into he eye . sheriff ( let he go ) you have be damn lucky , pisshead . with all the grief you have cause I and my partner , you should be leave wear you ball as earring . the deputy walk up and slap Tommy 's car key into he hand . Tommy look up , down at he key , then back at the wick , smile deputy . deputy I think we should do it to he anyway . the sheriff lean in and tap Tommy 's earlobe with he index finger . sheriff naw . but if we see ol ' Tommy ever again ... you can guarantee it . wider both lawmen turn and climb back into they car . Tommy wait there as they pull out and drive away . reverse on tommy he watch as they disappear down the highway . slowly the boy 's stubborn determination return . he rush toward he old pickup . behind it , the SUN be setting . CUT to : ext . camp forest GREEN - night the campground be peaceful and quiet . a foggy haze cover everything . as tranquil as it seem , we feel uneasy . be somebody watch from the wood . int . boy' dormitory cabin two row of sleep youngster in they cot be see . int . girl dormitory cabin the same . the little girl ' face reflect pleasant dream . int . counselor' cabin Paula and sissy be seat at a card table , play the board game clue . Paula keep look toward the window , troubled by something . sissy roll the die and move she token along the board . sissy ( excited ) okay , okay . I suggest that the crime be commit in the bedroom , by Colonel mustard , with the knife . paula ( preoccupy ) huh ? oh , come on , sis . I be tellin ' ya , we can not play clue with just two people . slowly we tighten in on they sissy why not ? I use to play it alone . I love murder game . have you ever play the consult detective ? paula ( fidgety ) no ... do megan say when she 's come back from she ... visit ? sissy of course not . she probably take he a loaf of bread with a see hide in it . I still do not get it . why he ? I mean , he 's cute alright , but ... Paula smirk . paula ( quickly ) be not that enough ? sissy laugh and nod . sissy you be right . and for the area , that even make he overqualified . Paula then reach for the phone . tighten in on her . paula I be gonna call she at the ol ' jail house . maybe she dad have find out what happen to Darren and lizbeth by now ... ( she start dial ) ... I can not believe they have not call . I say if they be not here by morning , we send all the kid home . we be not prepare to run this place by ourselves . suddenly , a child horrified scream echo through the camp . angle on paula and sissy hanging up the phone , Paula race out the door , follow by sissy . CUT to : ext . camp forest GREEN - night we follow behind sissy and Paula as they run in the direction of the scream . we follow they up the step of the girl ' dormitory cabin . int . girl dormitory cabin as Paula and sissy burst in , a little girl in pajamas rush toward they . she point at a cot across the way . little girl ( terrify ) she see a monster . paula who do ? angle on paula she look to where the little girl be point . paula' p.o.v. huddle up on she cot and press against the wall be nancy . the sweet - face nine - year- old be frighten out of she wit . her big blue eye be fill with tear . wider behind Paula and sissy , the other child stare wide - eye at Nancy . Paula approach she gently . paula ( reassuringly ) hi. everything 's all right now . we be here . sissy ( awkwardly go along ) yeah , we be here . another angle Paula crouch down next to Nancy 's cot . sissy stand next to she friend . Nancy have still not stop tremble . paula ( softly ) so what happen ? nancy ( hold back tear ) there be this monster . he be after I . he want to kill I . sissy where ...? nancy everywhere . paula ( smile ) you mean you have a bad dream . nancy ( shake she head ) no , he be real . like on tv . close on paula and sissy in motherly fashion , Paula wipe Nancy 's tear and tuck she back under the blanket . paula okay , listen ... what 's you name , sweetie ? nancy ( sniffle ) Nancy . paula ( warmly ) well , Nancy , I be Paula ... remember ? this be sissy , and we be gonna be right out there all night so nothing can hurt you . okay ?... the child nod tentatively . paula ... good . so no more bad dream can come around here , huh ? nancy ( faintly ) no more . Paula smile lovingly at she , then stand . wider as Paula and sissy start to leave , sissy get cocky address the other . sissy now you all go back to Z-land . we be on the job and ya do not have to worry about shit ... Paula nudge she for she choice of language . sissy ... what ? I be sure they hear worse at home . reaching the door Paula look outside , then turn to sissy . paula ( quietly ) I just realize something . where 's cort ? I have not see he for hour . sissy ( disgust ) I do not know . he call somebody , then take off . paula he do not say anything ? sissy yeah , he be gonna check out " thing that go bump in the night . " CUT to : ext . mobile -home campground - night a lone rv bounce and pump to the beat of loud rock music within . surrounded by a heavy fog , bright light beam from the window of the mobile home . a cord extend from the vehicle and be plugge into the power outlet of this isolate trailer campground . int . mobile - home - night heavy -metal music blast as cort and a savagely sexy girl , jill , make love to the beat . with she on top , cort be really get he " bump in the night . " he just lie back and enjoy he skilled technique . angle up - on jill she moan and bite she lip with erotic pleasure , never miss a beat with the music . Jill even bump and grind perfectly to the song 's drum break . jill ( very hot ) they be the best . the best ... ( panting ) ... you gotta keep it up till the end of the song . cort near he climactic moment , strain to avoid it . cort ( breathe heavy ) I be tryin ' ... how much longer ? Jill bend forward , lay she soft breast on he chest . she whisper seductively in he ear : jill only ten more minute . poor cort 's eye widen . he will never make it to the final chord . ext . mobile -home campground from a short distance back , we watch the rockin' , rollin ' rv . suddenly , jason step shockingly into frame . angle on jason he stand in the foggy wood and watch too . he do not like it . and he move to do something about it . int . mobile -home close on the cassette player the rock tune now blare out a wild guitar solo . close on jill she gyrate wildly along with every screeching note . close on cort his face contort wildly as he try to control he near - explode passion . he 's just about to ... ext . power outlet Jason 's hand grab the cord and tear it out , leave the plug sparking in the outlet . ext . mobile -home the rv 's bright light , music and bounce instantly retard and cease . jill voice oh , fuck . cort' voice ( passion relieved ) oh ye-aaah . int . mobile -home dim moonlight spill in through the window . Jill jump off cort and start to investigate the problem . jill wait a second , I will ... ( realize , angrily ) ... cort , you do not already ... cort sit quickly . cort ( defensively ) I think that be the end of the song . angle on jill jill ( frustrated ) great . just great . she stumble through the rv . shiver , she put on she coat and head to the ac power switch . jill if this thing be burn out , friggin ' Horace will ground my butt . cort who 's Horace ? jill ( disgust ) my friggin ' stepfather and asshole - in - residence . Jill flip the switch a couple time . nothing . she press she face against the window and look out . jill be p.o.v. the power cord be see lay on the ground below . jill how do that happen ? cort have pull the blanket around himself to fight the cold . cort what ? jill ( almost demand ) go out and plug the cord back in . cort what ? who pull it out ?! Jill stomp toward he . jill ( sarcastically ) smokey the friggin ' bear . I do not know , just do it . angle on cort nervously , he start to get dress . ext . mobile -home the door open tentatively . cort stick he head out and slowly look around . jill ( o.s. ) will you hurry up ! I gotta get this fuckmobile back before Horace find out I take it . cort ( jump out ) alright , alright . we track with cort as he walk around the rv , watch everything around he . it 's get tense . another angle apprehensively , cort approach the cord and pick it up . he keep stare out at the surround drift fog . pressing in on cort without look at it , the jittery boy start to plug in the cord . he then notice the tear - out plug and fray cord . cort gasp . he turn to call to Jill . he bang into someone right behind he ... it 's Jill . jill ( irritate ) what be you do ?... ( see the cord ) ... what happen to it ? angle on both cort hand she the damage cord . cort ( very scared ) I do not know ... ( he head for the door ) ... but unless you wanna look exactly like it , I say we make this place a memory . Jill look down at it . insert - cord Close up , the horribly rip and tear cord end do look quite grotesque . back to jill she can the foggy night and a deadly fear now grip she . slowly , then pick up speed , she follow after cort . cort have stop in the rv 's doorway . Jill rush up , and turn to look at what he 's stare at . cort ( strain to see ) I think someone 's out there . cort' p.o.v. the wood be still , with the exception of the drift fog . be that a tree in the shadow , or ...? jill push he into the mobile home . jill ( scared ) I do not wanna know . she climb in , slam the door , and lock it . int . mobile -home cort jump into the driver 's seat . he try to start the car . it's dead . he look at Jill in terror . cort this can not be . Jill shake she head at he . jill it be not . she calmly turn the power switch over to " battery " . cort try the ignition again . it start up . he grin at she . jill ( impatiently ) be you gonna drive or not ? quickly he shift and roar backward . Jill be throw to the floor . item fall off the counter . ext . mobile -home campground in a cloud of dust , the huge rv race backwards . moving shot - from behind the tree we follow after the vehicle as it peel out of the campground . int . mobile -home Jill be now send fly back toward the camper . she land on the bed . she send a burn star at the back of cort 's head . her p.o.v . cort laugh loudly as he race down the bumpy dirt road . jill try to control she temper . enough thing have go wrong tonight without have this idiot destroy she old man 's rv . jill ( stand up ) that 's it . pull over . I be drivin ' . cort ( cocky ) no way ... ( turn on radio ) ... I wanna rock ! dolly back - on jill as she head toward he . without warning , jason explode out of the bathroom . he yank she to he . the door slam shut on they . angle on cort drive his head bob enthusiastically to the loud rock music . he whoops , then look up at the rear-view mirror . not see Jill , he turn around and look . cort' p.o.v. Jill be not there . but a ruckus can be heard come from the tiny bathroom . another angle on cort cort ( feel he oat ) sound like you be havin ' fun in there ! need any company ?! int . mobile - home - bathroom close up - on jill Jason 's viselike grip squeeze she throat . she gasp and gag as he finger begin to meet . her nose bleed . close angle up - on jason his soulless eye stare down at she from behind the mask . profile close up - on jill Jason 's finger connect . her throat collapse . blood burst out of her mouth ! int . mobile -home cort be still rockin ' out behind the wheel . he check he rear-view mirror again . cort hey , what be you do ? take a dump ?... how about if I come back and snatch a peek . or vice versa . as he cackle with amusement , jason throws OPEN the door . cort do not hear it . menacingly , jason stalk he . close on jason's commando belt his hand pull out the long , jag survival knife . he hold it poise and ready . moving shot - over jason's shoulder slowly , the infamous slasher close in on cort . reverse - through windshield cort drive , oblivious to the grim reaper stand right behind he . angle on cort a new song play on the radio . cort beam , recognize it as a favorite of he . he turn it up . cort alright ! yo , Jill ! listen to this ! he look up into the rear-view mirror . tight on mirror jason's hockey -masked face glare at he . cort recoil in horror . jason's hand grab he by the hair . the gleaming blade raise up . close on back of cort' head as the jagged knife plunge into he ear . suddenly , all SOUND cut out . through windshield we watch in eerie silence as Jason let go of cort 's knife head . the lifeless body flop over the wheel . immediately , the rv veer off to the leave . ext . forest road SOUND resume as the runaway mobile home drive off the road with a horrible crash , it fall over on its leave side . another angle on fallen r.v. slowly the fog swirl around the motionless vehicle . we wait , suddenly , the door burst up and out . Jason climb out of the wreckage . wider on scene surrounded by a evil fog , Jason stand atop the fall metal beast like a conquer warrior . CUT to : int . sheriff' office - night angle on sheriff sheriff ( very perturb ) what make you so high and mighty ?... you keep forget , little megan , I be the parent ... widen on scene megan be slouched in a chair and pout . megan ( interrupt mockingly ) ... and you be the child ... she sit up in hot-bloode frustration . megan when be you go to stop treat I like one ! sheriff when you stop act like one ... Tommy jarvis be a very sick boy . and you ... megan how do you know ? do you take he temperature ? sheriff ( point at she ) you watch that smart - mouth , young lady . close on megan she cross she eye in a comic attempt to watch she mouth . megan kinda hard to see it from this angle ? get a mirror ? angle on both megan enjoy push she temperamental father to the limit . he stomp around like Ralph kramden . megan ( coolly ) now tell I , " if you mother be alive , you would not ... " the poor sheriff finally blow sky-high . he throw open the door . sheriff that 's it ! out ! I do not need this tonight . out , megan ! the sheriff get a call over the short -wave . unintimidate by he bellow , megan calmly answer it . megan sheriff 's office ... ( listen ) ... can you hold on ? he 's in the can drain he lizard . sheriff garris slam the door and roar toward he precocious daughter . megan ( sweetly into phone ) ... oh , here he come now ... ( to sheriff ) ... daddy , it 's Rick . the growl sheriff practically rip the receiver out of snicker megan 's hand . sheriff ( bark ) what ?!... what kinda problem ?! ext . forest road deputy colone stand outside he squad car . talk into the mike , he stare fearfully at the vw bug and lizbeth 's float corpse in the background . sheriff you better get down here . I find what 's leave of the counselor . look like someone do they in use Jason 's old m.o. int . sheriff' office sheriff ( rub he face ) I know I should have do something about that sonofa ... where be you ?... ( listen ) ... right . I be on my way . megan grow concerned as she father gather he thing with a deadly urgency . megan what it be ? sheriff ( try to control he emotion ) not what ... who . seem you boyfriend want people to believe Jason have return . megan ( catch he ) I think Jason be only a legend ? sheriff he be . only Tommy want to prove the legend be true ... ( order she ) ... you stay put . and I be not kid . grabbing he rifle , the sheriff rush out . angle on megan she stare , wonder what the hell be go on . CUT to : ext . forest - night we track with Jason 's filthy boot . he 's walk at a faster clip toward he destination . track with Jason 's hand hold the razor- sharp machete . dolly back as Jason 's maleficent eye stare with pure hatred . he keep come right at we . CUT to : int . sheriff' office - night megan sit alone at the desk ... wait . a large window be right behind she . bore , she put she foot on the edge of the desk . she then lean back toward the window , see how far back the chair will go and still stay balanced . circle and PRESS in slowly on megan tension build as we move closer to the balance girl and the window behind she . we stop and wait . suddenly the phone ring loudly . it startles megan , who scream as she pratfall backwards . angle on megan laugh at herself , she get up and answer the phone . megan sheriff 's office ... ( listen ) ... no , I be sorry , he 's not in at the moment . can I take a message ? as she listen , megan immediately straighten up . megan ... oh , hi. I be megan , he daughter . remember , I meet you this morning ... ext . phone booth - night Tommy be in a badly sabotage old phone booth next to a close gas station . he be illuminate by the light of he pickup . tommy ( preoccupy ) yeah , hi . listen , I have get to talk to you dad . about Jason . I have get a plan . I need to buy some thing first but mainly need help to ... int . sheriff' office megan Tommy , my father be out look for you right now . something happen tonight and he 's sure you be responsible . if he find you , he will ... int . phone booth tommy ( interrupt ) I already have a very good idea what could have happen ... ( frustrated ) ... megan , Jason be out there . he have to be stop . I be positive he 's head back to the lake area . he will keep kill until ... megan' voice I will pick you up . where be you ? tommy ( shocked ) what ? int . sheriff' office megan ( determine ) it 's the only way . my father will nail you in you car in a second ... ( demand ) ... where be you ? ext . phone booth Tommy look around for something identifiable . tommy uh ... howie 's service Station and feed bag stop . I think it 's ... megan' voice ( on phone ) I know where it be . see you within a half -hour . hear she hang - up , Tommy do the same and exit the booth . angle on tommy he look around , shiver and zip up he jacket . he 's worried about involve megan in this . he 's worried for himself . CUT to : ext . dark wood - night out of the foggy shadow , a evil spectre emerge into the moonlight ... jason . he stare . jason be p.o.v. ext . camp forest GREEN the renovate campsite look quite peaceful and calm before the ... angle on jason he cock he head , not quite sure why it look so different . but it feel like home . with machete in hand , he proceed into the camp ground . ext . forest road - night a grossly bloody sheet . it cover a corpse that be lift into a ambulance . as we pull back , sheriff garris and two other officer when in disgust . the sheriff suddenly turn and head for the patrol car . officer pappas and thornton follow behind . sheriff ( control he rage ) I want all officer , all unit and station within a fifty - mile radius alert about this wacko kid . officer pappas yes , sir . sheriff you have he vehicle description . I want roadblock on ... deputy voice ( yell from distance ) sheriff ! get over here !! ext . wood angle on sheriff he take off into the wood toward he deputy 's voice . sheriff' p.o.v. we move rapidly through the maze of tree and brush . moving shot - close on sheriff he head towards we , search for the deputy . deputy voice sheriff , over here ! sheriff' p.o.v. we turn and head for deputy colone wave a flashlight at we . angle on sheriff and deputy running up to he ashen - face deputy , sheriff garris look down at what Rick hold out . insert - deputy hand a pair of blood - splatter glass . we recognize they as once belong to Roy , the last remain survival hunter . back to sheriff and deputy the sheriff look at he . sheriff be that all you find ? deputy I wish it be . he shine he flashlight at the ground . a severe man be illuminate before we . it wear a Army fatigue sleeve . we follow the light over a couple of yard to a hacked - off leg , also in fatigue . closer on lawmen both keep stare stoically down at the body part . sheriff better get out the hefty bag ... look like we boy desperately want we to believe he story . deputy he sure choose the right day to pull this shit . sheriff whaddya mean ? deputy ( cryptically ) happy Friday the 13th . the sheriff slowly look over at he in utter disbelief . CUT to : ext . camp forest GREEN - night close on telephone cord on cabin whack ! the machete blade cut the phone cord in half . angle behind jason he stare at he handiwork , then head towards the light and open window . CUT to : int . counselor' cabin Paula have fall asleep on she bed . the phone be right next to she . sissy be wear headphone , listen to she walkman . she sit on she bed , ogling through the page of a " playgirl " magazine . over sissy's shoulder the magazine be fill with beefcake- pose guy . she be practically drool on the page . in the background , a figure quickly pass by the open window . close on sissy the movement catch she eye . she crane she head to look . wider take off the rock ' not roll blaring headphone , sissy shut off she walkman . she walk over to the window and look out . ext . window sissy , frame by the open window , survey the area . her p.o.v. all be still and motionless in the campground . close on sissy a bit perplex . she know she see something . she start to turn away , when the SOUND of leave crunching underfoot be heard . she stick she head out the window . she try to sound authoritative . sissy all right , who 's out there ? paula stir and awaken halfway . paula ( sleepily ) what 's goin ' on ? angle on sissy sissy ( a bit nervous ) I think somebody 's messin ' around out there . Paula smirk , roll over , and close she eye . paula it 's gotta be cort . he love to scare people ... ( fall asleep ) ... teach he a lesson . back to sissy she hear footstep right below the window . she think , then break into a impish grin , see something . sissy quietly tiptoe over to the table and pick up she half - consume can of " cherry Coke . " moving shot sissy , try not to laugh , sneak back to the window . she crouch down , then extend the can outside . close on can her hand turn it over and sticky " cherry Coke " pour down on she victim . we hear it hitting someone . angle on sissy quickly she withdraw the can and jump back from the window . expecting a response , she be surprised not to get one . stifl a laugh , she creep back toward the window . dolly in - slowly following sissy tension mount as she reach the frame and tentatively peer over it . shockingly , jason spring up and grab her . profile angle - on window bottom half of sissy 's body be whipped violently out through the window . paula awaken just as sissy 's leg fly out through the window . paula ( groggy ) hey , you guy . try get to wake the kid . Paula listen . she hear a struggle , a whoosh , a thump , then silence . she snicker once again , then fall back into dreamland . CUT to : ext . phone booth - night megan 's orange camaro screech up . we follow as she jump out and be meet by Tommy . tommy ( adamantly ) I be gonna borrow you car . you can not do this with I . it 's much too dangerous . she look past he at he pickup . megan and you can not leave that truck out in plain sight . talk about dangerous . Tommy turn around to look . tommy what ? megan hide it behind the gas station . then we can get the hell out of here . he turn back to she . tommy ( irritate ) look , this be not a game . you be not go with I . I be already responsible for cause the death of ... megan cut he off . megan ( quickly ) do not you say you need some supplies to do this ? tommy uh...yes . but ... megan ( firmly ) then let 's get goin ' . we can argue on the way . you tell I what you need ... ( with a sly smile ) ... I will make sure you get in . she head toward she loudly purring camaro . megan ... and nobody drive this baby but I ... ( point ) ... now get that pickup hide and let 's boog . angle on tommy there be not much he can say . with a exasperate sigh , he run to move he truck . CUT to : int . girl dormitory cabin - night slowly we track along a row of sleep child . each have she own unique position of slumber . we pull back to reveal she large window just above they beam in moonlight . jason's silhouette carrying sissy's headless corpse pass . on the opposite wall we follow Jason 's evil shadow as it cross more sleep kid . when it fall across little Nancy , she half - open eye flash open ! she sit up in wide - eye fear as we rapidly PRESS in on she . CUT to : ext . forest road - night megan 's hot camaro jet down the road , kickin ' up dust . int . megan' car Tommy shoot megan a look . tommy ( dryly ) can this tub go any faster ? she return a flirtatious grin . megan ( self -assure ) you get it . just keep a eye out for roadblock . tommy ( look ahead ; deadpan ) okay . there 's one . there p.o.v . - through windshield as they round the bend , two police car with light a- flashin ' be block the road . ext . forest road megan 's car skid to a stop . int . megan' car Tommy look at the temperature megan for a plan . she deliver . grabbing he head , she pull it down onto she lap . megan ( forcefully ) get down . close on tommy' face he stare bug -ey as he confront she tight - jeaned crotch . insert - gearshift she slam it into reverse . ext . forest road the orange bomber roar backwards down the road . the two police car spring into action and give chase . int . police car pappas , the very good - look one of the two officer see earlier , call it in ! officer pappas ( into mike ) unit 45 , Officer pappas to sheriff garris . do you copy ? int . sheriff' car the distress sheriff answer the call . sheriff ( into mike ) yeah , I be here . what ? officer pappas ' voice ( over radio ) get a different vehicle that just turn tail see we . saw somebody duck down . sheriff get a description or plate ? officer pappas ' voice the whole enchilada . it 's a ' 82 orange camaro , license ... CUT to : ext . forest road megan 's car back quickly into a turnoff , then peel out full steam ahead ! int . police car Officer pappas be just finish the vehicle 's description when the sheriff explode : sheriff' voice ( over radio ) Son of a shittin ' bitch ! that 's my daughter 's car !! officer pappas ( nervous ) how should we proceed , sir ? int . sheriff' car sheriff ( beside himself emotionally ) with extreme car , for God 's sake . if that kid be with she , there 's every good chance he will do something crazy . int . megan' car close on tommy' face still on her lap tommy ( to megan ) please do not do anything crazy . angle on megan she drive like a hellcat try to lose the pursue cop . megan I know what I be do . I get you supplies for ya , do not I ?... now if I can get to cunningham Road , I can lose they ... ( Tommy start to sit up ) ... just stay where you be . back to tommy he put he head back down and stare at the view . tommy ( deadpan ) whatever you say . ext . forest road overhead shot - on road megan 's car roar by , immediately follow by the two police car . camaro' p.o.v. headlights illuminate the windy path we TRAVEL . enormous tree stand dangerously close to the curve road . int . megan' car tight on megan we strong - will heroine be determine to reach she destination . ext . forest road the camaro fire past we . one cop car , then the other , follow suit . all three vehicle ' tire squeal on the hazardous curve . int . megan' car angle on tommy megan 's wild drive cause he head to roll around in she lap . he try to be discreet about where it keep landing . megan ( o.s. ) that 's what I want . Tommy register surprise . close on megan what she see ahead have she beam with confidence . megan be p.o.v . - out windshield two signpost be see . one read " cunningham Road , " the other " Camp Forest Green " with a arrow point right . back to megan megan this be gonna be a hairy turn . grab ahold of something . angle on tommy he look up at she with a look of " you gotta be kid . " megan be p.o.v . - out windshield her car scream around the turn onto cunningham Road . shockingly , her father and he car be waiting in the dark for they . the deputy and he car be right behind the sheriff . both have they rifle aim and ready . ext . forest road megan 's car barely have enough room to brake . the camaro fishtail to a stop . the sheriff remain stock -still , not flinching at all . PRESS in - on sheriff with a deadly cool , she order he daughter : sheriff megan , step out of the car ! angle on megan - through windshield she stare in horror at she father . she 's never see he point a gun at she . but then again she 's never pull a stunt like this . megan then look down at she foot . int . megan' car angle down - on tommy he be sprawle across the floorboard , he face between megan 's foot . he stare at she in utter dread . megan it 's all over . tommy ( shaking he head ) it 's just beginning . CUT to : ext . camp forest GREEN - night subjective moving camera we head across the campground toward the counselor ' cabin . climb the step , we slowly open the door . int . counselor' cabin Paula be sound asleep . the SOUND of the door open cause she to stir . subjective moving camera we continue through the door into the cabin . look around , we spot the sleep counselor . we head for she . PRESS in - on paula tension build as we stare at the restless girl . sense someone over she , Paula open she eye . she gasp ! paula' p.o.v. a bloody machete be hold out before we . wider Little Nancy stand over Paula , hold the machete . nancy I can not sleep , Paula . I be scared . I see someone at the window and ... Paula sit up quickly and grab the disgusting machete . paula ( interrupt ) where would you get this ? nancy ( point ) I find it outside . Paula do not know what to think . look around the cabin and not see anyone , she draw some rapid conclusion . paula ( try to sound comforting ) you know what ? sissy and cort be play joke . you know , try to scare each other . nancy ( innocently ) why ? paula well , grow - up think it 's funny to be scared . nancy ( confuse ) be they grown-ups ? paula that 's debatable . nancy ( more confuse ) huh ? Paula shake she head , put the machete down on the floor , and stand up . paula never mind ... ( look at watch ) ... be it that lake already ? she grab the phone and start to dial . paula I can not believe no one call back . I better ... nancy who ya call ? paula realize the child do not need to hear this conversation . she hang up . paula why do not we first try and find sissy and cort , then you can go to sleep . she take Nancy 's hand and they head for the door . nancy ( worried ) but what if they try and scare we ? paula ( playfully ) we will scare them right back . Nancy giggle with delight . they exit the cabin door . ext . camp forest GREEN Paula lead Nancy down the step . she make a game out of quietly sneaking around , look for the miss counselor . for the child , this be fun . without warning , jason's masked face be before US . a sting accompany this SHOCK CUT . over jason's shoulder in the dark shadow , Jason watch the two giggle girl . he wait for he moment . for Jason , this be fun . CUT to : int . sheriff' office - night composite master - begin close on sheriff sheriff ( adamantly ) ... and I say , shut up ! pull back and pan to include megan megan ( just as adamant ) all he 's ask be for you to check it out . widen to see tommy in cell behind tommy tommy ( plead ) you get I where you want I . there 's no reason not ... tighten as sheriff stomp toward he sheriff ( restrain he rage ) if I have you where I really want you , they would be pump you ass full of formaldehyde . megan step between they megan can not you at least call the camp and make sure everything 's all right ? sheriff ( snap at she ) we have ! try to track you down . the phone there be disconnect . tommy do not that tell you something ?! sheriff yeah ... they should have pay they bill . in the background we hear a call come in on the radio . deputy colone be heard answer it . the sheriff point at Tommy . sheriff ( icy hatred ) you just sit tight , Jason . once the authority from carpenter get here , you will ... deputy ( o.s. ) ( interrupt ; urgent ) sheriff , you better take this . we track with the sheriff over to the deputy on the radio headset . sheriff ( take the call ) sheriff garris ... ( as he listen , he react to the horrible news ) ... approximately what time ? ( he glare in Tommy 's direction ) ... I will be right there . we follow the sheriff as he grab he coat and hat to leave . megan run up to he . megan what ?... what happen ?! her father look past she to he deputy . sheriff ( coldly ) Rick . keep and eye on we wacko kid . I will be back as soon as I can . megan ( insistent ) daddy , what be go on ? sheriff ( to Rick ) and make sure my daughter stay put ... ( look at megan ) ... she 's ground . megan step in he path as he turn to go . she push against he chest as hard as she can . megan ( explode ) tell I !! the sheriff immediately raise he hand to strike she . then , quickly control himself , he grab she by the shoulder . sheriff ( clenching tooth ) they just find you friend cort and some girl . she be brutally strangle , and cort ... he have a knife ram through he skull . megan shake she head in disbelief . megan no . no , it 's not ... sheriff yes , megan . Tommy jarvis be a killer . a very derange boy who want you to believe that ... angle on tommy tommy Jason do do it . I swear ! sheriff , when be they murder ? back to megan and sheriff he disregard Tommy 's question and stare at he daughter with sincere concern . sheriff for God 's sake , stat away from he . please , meggie . as he start again to leave , megan , still in shock from the news , grab she father 's arm . megan ( intensely ) dad ... what time be they murder ? the sheriff hesitates , not want to answer . somehow it blurt out : sheriff they think somewhere around 8:30 or 9:00 . megan step right up to she father . megan I be with Tommy all that time . close on sheriff this obviously hit he on more than one level . he mask he reaction , turn , and head for the door . sheriff Rick , I will call you when I get there . he exit and slam the door . megan with sorrowful eye , look back at Tommy . tommy slam both fist against the bar . tommy damn . CUT to : int . girl dormitory cabin - night Paula and Nancy be tiptoeing , try not to awaken the other child . reaching little Nancy 's bed , Paula tuck she in snugly . she crouch next to the child . paula ( whisper ) I be sure cort and sissy be back in they cabin . so you just go back to sleep and do not worry . nancy but what I get scared again ? paula ( whisper ) shhh ... you know what I use to do when I be a little girl when I get scared ? Nancy shake she head timidly . paula ( whisper ) I would close my eye and say a little prayer . and pretty soon , you know what ? everything scary go away ... ( reassuringly ) ... it work for I . I will bet it will work for you too . she kiss the child 's forehead . paula ( lovingly ) good night . see ya in the morning . reverse on paula as she stand up , we see jason glaring at they through the window . Paula smile tenderly at Nancy . paula' p.o.v. Nancy smile back at she , roll over , and close she eye . tracking shot - on paula she begin to quietly head for the door . jason follows right along outside from window to window . ext . camp forest GREEN Paula exit the dormitory door as silently as possible . she look around the area , still very concerned about she companion . paula' p.o.v. a gently breeze be blow away the evening fog . the tree and brushes seem to shiver nervously . PRESS in - on paula as she slowly descend the step . somehow she can sense she deadly face . Paula look around again , then hurry toward she cabin . wide on scene Paula race across the camp to the counselor 's cabin . moving shot - over her shoulder she rush up the cabin step and find the door close . she seem relieved . paula sissy ? int . counselor' cabin as Paula enter , she be disappointed to find it empty . tighten on paula she hurry to the phone and start dial . for the first time , she realize the phone be dead . her frustration turn to alarm when she notice something at she foot . paula' p.o.v. the machete she left on the floor be gone . bloody stain on the floor MARK where it have lain . paula hear a noise and turn to look . angle on OPEN door it move a bit . be it the wind or be someone behind it ? moving shot - on paula not sure if it 's a joke or she imagination , Paula slowly head towards it . tension mount . just as she reach it , she slowly extend she hand to grab the knob . suddenly , the wind blows it toward her . she back up . it slam shut . no one , of course , be there . she giggle at herself and reopen the door . jason be right there in the doorway . tight on paula' gasping face tight on jason's machete as it advance ext . camp forest GREEN a few yard from the cabin , we watch as Jason quickly lunge at Paula and slam the door , muffling she scream . CUT to : int . sheriff' office - night deputy colone be hunch over he desk , do what he hate most ... fill out report . he glance up at Tommy , then over at megan . satisfied , he return to he shitwork . angle on megan seat across the room , she appear to be idly sketching something on a large pad . tommy sit on he jail cot , head in hand , hopeless . megan look up at the deputy , then over at Tommy . close on tommy he glance up at she . over megan' shoulder - on tommy she hold up the sketch pad for he to read . as she do , he eye widen , amaze at what she 's write . he mouth " be you sure ? " as she lower the pad . tight on megan she nod a strong affirmative . wide on scene Tommy get up off he cot and stretch nonchalantly . he eye the deputy , then megan . she flip a page over , and start to really sketch . tommy so what be ya drawin' ? megan what 's it to ya ? the deputy look up , irritate by the noise . deputy hey , pipe down , jarvis . tommy grab the cell bar . tommy I be just curious about what she be drawin' . megan hold it up for Tommy to see . megan ( sarcastic ) there ... ya happy ? tommy no . megan why ? tommy ' Cause it stink . megan throw the sketch pad at he . it bounce off the bar . angle on tommy he reach down , grab it , and pull it into he cell . megan stand up defiantly . megan okay , give it back . tommy ( slyly ) come and get it . angle on deputy this be really get he piss . he get up . deputy bastard ... megan , I will get in . megan be already in front of the wall . she reach through the bar for the pad . megan give it to I , punk . tight on tommy and megan suddenly he grab she arm , pull she to the bar , and start kissing she passionately . the more she struggle , the tighter he envelope she . moving shot - on deputy he race across the room . awkwardly , he grapples to separate they . insert - deputy revolver as they battle , megan 's hand secretly reach down and pull the gun from the deputy 's holster . angle on group megan allow herself to be tear from Tommy 's embrace . the angry deputy reach at Tommy , who back away into the cell . deputy you stinkin ' maggot , I oughta ...! megan ( o.s. ) ( demand ) let he out of there . PRESS in - on deputy as he turn to face megan , a red laser dot appear on the tip of he nose . deputy p.o.v. megan point the laser -scope revolver right at we . she definitely mean business . tight on deputy he chuckle in disbelief . deputy come on , megan , do not clown around . megan hold the gun dead-steady . megan I be not the one with the funny red nose ... open the cell and exchange place ... with he ... ( she cock the trigger ) ... now . angle on deputy and tommy the boy move up behind he and reinforce the seriousness of the situation . tommy ( enjoy this ) better do as she say , ' cause ... wherever the red dot go , a bullet be sure to follow . the deputy reluctantly remove he key and turn toward Tommy . deputy ( furiously ) you brainwash she , you sonofabitch ? megan break into a cocky smile , and answer for he . megan yeah , something like that . CUT to : ext . sheriff' office - night Tommy and megan fly out the door and race toward the camaro . tommy get the key ? megan reach under the car and quickly withdraw a tiny box . megan no , he take them ... but I get my hide -a - Key . tommy rush up and grab it from she . tommy sorry , megan . not this time . megan ( piss ) wait a minute . I just ... tommy ( determine ) I thank you for get I out . but I gotta finish what I start . megan stare defiantly at he as she open the driver 's door and get in . she suddenly slide over to the passenger 's seat . megan well , come on , hot lip , let 's go . you drive , I will navigate . angle on they in car Tommy throw up he hand , then climb in . the car start up and roar down the street . CUT to : int . girl dormitory cabin jason patrol the children' cabin . slowly and menacingly , he walk by the sleep youngster . tracking along bed - on little girl slumber soundly , they have no awareness of the monster at the edge of they bed . jason reach the end of the dormitory . with he back to we , he stop , sense something , and whip around . tight on jason's masked face he glare at someone with evil intent . PRESS in while zooming out - on nancy the terrify child 's eye peek from under the sheet . she be not dream . this monster be real . wider Jason stand and stare at Nancy at the other end of the cabin . he then stalk she . CUT to : ext . camp forest GREEN - night sheriff garris ' car pull onto the campsite another patrol car , with Officer pappas and thornton , pull up behind it . the wind be get stronger as it whip through the tree . CUT to : int . girl dormitory cabin jason stand over nancy'' bed ! the child be freeze in pure terror . she can not even cry out . nancy'' p.o.v. slowly , Jason 's mask face descend toward we . moving shot - down toward nancy the child squeeze she eye shut and begin to pray , very quickly : nancy ( whimper ) now I lay I down to sleep , I pray the Lord my soul to keep ... jason's face come closer and closer nancy ( voice quavering ) ... if I should die before I wake , I pray the Lord my soul to take . now I lay I ... etc . angle on jason and nancy Jason hear the car door slam outside . his face turn toward the noise . he immediately head for it . dolly in - on nancy as jason leave with she eye still tightly shut , she continue to pray , unaware that she monster have go . CUT to : ext . camp forest GREEN sheriff garris survey the campground suspiciously . the two officer approach he . officer thornton so what 's the story here ? sheriff why do not you boy nose around . I gotta go break the news to megan 's friend about what 's happen . holler if you see anything . officer pappas like what ? sheriff head for the light counselor 's cabin . sheriff anything that do not belong . and do not wake the kid . wide on scene the two officer take out they flashlight . they spread out and scan the area . the raging wind cause everything to whistle and move . CUT to : int . counselor' cabin angle on close door knocking be heard on it . sheriff Girls ? it 's sheriff garris . slowly he open the door and stick he head in . PRESS in shockingly - on he face he be horrify ! the entire room be splatter with blood . it drip from the ceiling and streak down the wall . back to sheriff quickly , he bolt out of the room . ext . camp forest GREEN the sheriff race down the step and head for the child 's dormitory . CUT to : ext . lake forest GREEN - boat landing - night Officer thornton 's flashlight scan the two boat along the small dock . nothing unusual here . angle on shadowed wood although we can not see anyone in the wind -rustle bush , we sense Jason be watch the lone cop . tight on jason's commando belt his hand withdraw a long , razor - sharp devil dart . angle on officer with he back to we , the unsuspecting cop conclude he search of the landing and turn around . his flashlight now focus on the wood before he . pan across shadowed wood we follow the flashlight beam as it survey the windswept area . jason be illuminated ! he raise up the sinister dart . tight on officer recognize a weapon in this prowler 's hand , he go for he revolver . close on jason's arm with supernatural strength , he throw the deadly projectile at we . angle on officer before he can pull he gun , the devil impale itself deep into he forehead . the force of it send he reeling back . the tarp - cover boat Officer thornton 's body fall into it . his lifeless eye stare up at the sky . the dart extend from he third eye . CUT to : int . boy' dormitory cabin sheriff' p.o.v. a row of sleep boy stack Z 's in they cot . angle on sheriff stand in the doorway , the sheriff quietly close the door . ext . camp forest GREEN - night the panicked sheriff now rush across to the girl ' dorm . int . girl dormitory cabin as silently as possible , he open the door and peek it . he carefully survey all the slumbering occupant . the sheriff suddenly register alarm . sheriff' p.o.v. all the girl be nestle contentedly in they bed ... except one . the cover have be kick off and she pillow lie on the floor . Little Nancy be miss . CUT to : ext . forest road - night the orange speed - demon camaro rocket past we . int . megan' car megan , sit shotgun , stare open -mouthed at Tommy . megan ( sarcastically ) let I know when you be about to blast into hyperspace . I will fasten my seat belt . tommy drive like a man possess . tommy I get a bad feel we be already too late . megan glance back at the large sack in the rear seat . she reach over and look in at he supplies doubtfully . megan be you sure this be gonna work ? I mean , why do not we bring that gun and just blast he away ? angle on both tommy it probably would not have any effect on he . the only sure way to stop Jason be to return he to he original rest place , where he drown in 1957 . megan Lake Forest Green ? tommy ( nod , then correct she ) Crystal Lake ... where the nightmare begin . CUT to : ext . lake forest GREEN - night the infamous lake be churn in the moonlight . rack focus as Officer pappas step before we . it 's apparent that he 's get tired of search for god-know - what . track with officer his flashlight scan the windblown , vibrate bush . suddenly , footstep be heard on the other side of the bush . angle on officer he stop abruptly and strain to listen . tentatively , he creep toward the bush . officer be p.o.v. we head toward whatever be hide behind the tremble shrubbery . another angle - on officer pappas reaching the brushes , he call out : officer pappas alright , come out of there ! angle on bushes no reply . back on officer he draw he revolver and aim it . he know someone 's there . officer pappas I be askin ' you one more time ... come out of there ! still no response . moving shot - following officer with he gun hold before he , the nervous officer go for a closer look . tight on he face tension build as he come closer . resume on moving shot - following he he be almost to the bush . without warning , someone dive before US and attack he leg . he gasp aloud . angle on officer and nancy the frighten child hold on to pappas for dear life . he catch he breath , then crouch down next to she . officer pappas ( kindly ) hey , hey , what be you do run around out here ? now you get back to bed . she squeeze he leg even tighter . nancy ( terrify ) no . there 's a scary man . the good-look officer smile with amusement . officer pappas what scary man ? jason explode out of the bushes . nancy run shrieking toward the camp . officer pappas open FIRE on jason . the bullet penetrate he chest , but he keep coming . angle on officer suddenly Jason be before he . his powerful hand reach out and grab the officer 's scream face . tight on officer's face jason's finger dig in to the cop' skin . he yank down , literally ripping the skin off he skull . a bloody grinning skull stare at US for a moment , then drop from view . CUT to : ext . camp forest GREEN - night the sheriff' car door be throw open . the sheriff reach in and quickly pull out he shotgun . wider leave the door open , he sprint across the camp towards the gunshot . moving shot - on sheriff as he round the corner of a cabin , Nancy come screeching toward he . he catch the child and attempt to comfort she . sheriff hold on . take it easy . I get you . everything be fine . angle on sheriff and nancy as he hug she , he look up at the boy ' dormitory cabin . sheriff' p.o.v. all the child be press against the window , stare down terrify . wider quickly , the sheriff pick Nancy up and head for the cabin . int . boy' dormitory cabin sheriff garris burst into the cabin . all the girl have gather in the boy ' cabin for safety . he put little Nancy down and address the petrify youngster . sheriff kid , listen to I very carefully . I want everyone to lie down on the floor and stay there . do not get up until I come back . now hurry . various shot of kide hitting the floor some cover they head , other crawl under the cot . int . camp forest GREEN - night the sheriff run out of the child 's cabin , secure the door behind he . tight on shotgun in he hand he pump the weapon as he walk . angle up - on sheriff - dollying back with stern vigilance , he storm toward he objective . sheriff garris arrive in the area behind the cabin near the lake . there be no one to be find . the savage wind whip the tree and bush , cause the sheriff to twitch at every movement . another angle slowly , he turn and head into the shadow area between the cabin . moving shot - on sheriff with the shotgun hold before he , he walk tensely through this dark passage . tight on he face the sheriff 's eye dart nervously , strain to see in the near blackness . suddenly , he trip and fall from view . angle on sheriff falling rapidly , we tilt down as he slam down on Officer pappas ' corpse . the sheriff' face land pressed against the grotesque bloody skull . horribly repulse , he scramble to he foot . the sheriff stand up , turn , and jason be waiting right there . wider quickly , he back away from this mask spectre of evil . then they both stand motionless for a long time , size each other up . low angle - on jason he decide to make the first move . he lunge forward . low angle - on sheriff instantly , he raise the shotgun and blast Jason with both barrel ! angle on jason's torso a hole be rip out of Jason 's side ! dolly back - on jason it doesn't faze he at all . he keep coming . dolly toward the sheriff shock beyond belief , the sheriff drop the rifle and pull out he .357 . back up , he empty the chamber into the stalking ghoul . angle behind jason as he advance on the fire sheriff , we see the bullet exiting from jason's back . tight on jason close in all this be only make he madder . tight on terrified sheriff his gun clicking empty , he have but one option leave . he take it . the sheriff turn and run like hell toward the wood ! jason be right behind . CUT to : ext . camp forest GREEN - night megan 's camaro roar into the campsite next to the police car . megan jump out and look around for she father . Tommy grab the heavy sack from the back seat . megan ( excited ; point at car ) they do show up . be not that great ? tommy ( worried ) I hope so . megan see the light on in the counselor ' cabin . she rush toward it . tommy megan , wait ! angle on counselor ' cabin megan dash up the step and throw the door open . she scream in horror at the blood-spatter room . she turn and run toward the dormitory . megan dad !... daddy !! tommy lug the heavy sack , chase after she . tommy no , megan ! CUT to : ext . wood - night through the violently windblown forest dash we " formerly macho " sheriff . primal instinct tell he only one thing ... save you own ass . he run for he life . jason continue he pursuit of the lawman . CUT to : int . boy' dormitory cabin megan burst in through the door ! all the kid scream . she quickly scan the room . megan' p.o.v. petrify little face stare up at she from the floor . angle on megan she hurry into the cabin . megan it 's okay . it 's I -- megan . do not be afraid . nancy and a couple other kide run over and hug she for security . megan ( try to sound calm ) it 's all right . shhh - hh . angle on doorway Tommy look in and be relieved to see they be all right . he quickly turn and run back down the step . ext . lake forest GREEN - boat landing - night Tommy race from the campsite toward the dock , lug the heavy satchel . angle on tommy reaching the landing , he start to board one of the two boat . tight on tommy he recoil in horror . tommy' p.o.v. the murder cop , Officer thornton , lie in the rowboat . his dead eye glare right at we . blood flow from the impale dart in he forehead . back to tommy he immediately go for another boat . angle on rowboat unfortunately , this one be older and more rickety , evident when Tommy step into it and it squeak and moan . tight on sack open it up , Tommy pull out a long and very heavy chain . he then withdraw some huge padlock . angle on tommy with intense urgency , he look along the lake shore for something . CUT to : ext . wood - night tracking on jason's feet suddenly , they stop , turn , and retrace they step . angle through tree - on jason seem he have lose he prey . carefully , he search the rustling bush for the hide sheriff . tight on sheriff' sweat face buried deep in the thick bush , the wind sheriff hold he breath as Jason pass . CUT to : int . boy' dormitory cabin megan have do she best to assure the child that they be safe . she stand up . megan now I gotta find my daddy , the sheriff , so we can all go home . okay ? the kid nod . megan head for the door . she turn to they . megan so you stay here and we will be back to get you . everyone lie back down and do not worry . angle on two boy the 12 - year- old youngster see earlier . billy turn to he sarcastic friend tyen . billy ( scared ) what do you think ? tyen I think we be dead meat . CUT to : ext . lake shore - night Tommy struggle to roll a large , heavy rock toward the boat . in the background , megan be run around the campsite calling out for she father . angle on tommy already fear the worst , he yell to megan : tommy megan ! use you dad 's car radio and call for assistance ... and a ambulance ! ext . camp forest GREEN - night angle on megan she stare at Tommy , petrify at what that mean . she then run toward the sheriff 's car . angle on car door as megan throw the car door open , sissy's head roll out and land at her feet . low angle - up at megan she go berserk with horror . megan ( scream ) oh , God ! oh my God ! megan look around , terrify that this same fate have befallen she father . she scream out even louder : megan dad ! answer I ! daddy , where be you ! help we ! CUT to : int . boy' dormitory cabin lying on the floor , tyen look at billy with a what - do - I - tell - ya ' attitude . tyen ( scared ) Real dead meat . CUT to : ext . wood - night close on sheriff he look up , hearing he daughter 's distant cry . what can he do ? angle on jason he stop he search . he hear megan as well . jason head in the direction of megan' voice . wider the sheriff peek out of he hide place . we killer storm by without see he . Jason be hell - bent for megan . closer on sheriff see Jason head towards he daughter , he protective fatherly instinct cause he to take action without think . he leap out at Jason ! sheriff no ! not she ! jason be tackled from behind with almost superhuman strength , the sheriff attack Jason and start pound he into the ground . tight on jason and sheriff so aggressive and relentless be the pummel , for a moment you think he might kill the monster . but only for a moment ... close on jason only disorient and not at all hurt , Jason roll over under the sheriff . he grasp the sheriff 's arm , stop the assault . angle down - on they jason shockingly tear the sheriff' arm out of there socket . he throw they aside . low angle up - on they jason grip the shrieking lawman' head . he push it back , causing the sheriff' body to bend all the way backward . tight on sheriff' contorted face as he be force back toward he foot , a horrid crack be heard . he spine have be snapped in half . his body collapse backwards . wider enrage , Jason throw the rag doll - like body of the sheriff aside as he rise . megan 's voice be heard again , call for the father . jason head for her . CUT to : ext . lake forest GREEN - boat landing - night megan be struggle to help Tommy get the huge rock into the boat . her eye be water from fear . megan you gotta help I look for he ... we need he to help we . angle on boat the chain be arrange to go around the rock . Tommy try to brace himself as they lower the boulder down . a crack be heard as the huge stone land in the old wooden boat . tommy ( exhaust ) whew ... okay , hand I that padlock . megan ( near hysteria ) do you hear I ?! another angle on they tommy ( impatiently ) yes . and I say , hand I that padlock . she grab the lock and give they to he angrily . megan you be gonna be sorry . tommy start padlock the chain tightly around the rock . tommy I hope not . CUT to : ext . wood - night jason stomp through the windy forest . CUT to : ext . lake forest GREEN - boat landing - night angle on chain in boat Tommy straighten out the rest of the heavy chain . he fashion a noose . megan pace the dock in nervous fear . she do not know what to do . CUT to : ext . wood - night jason be coming closer . CUT to : ext . lake forest GREEN - boat landing - night Tommy unty the boat and push off the dock into the churn water . tommy megan ! get back into the cabin with the kid . megan keep pace and look around nervously . tommy megan , please ! suddenly it dawns on she that he 's actually leave she alone out here . she panic . megan no . do not leave . angle on tommy in boat he start row out into the lake . tommy ( adamant ) megan , get in there with they before it 's too late . CUT to : int . boy' dormitory cabin it 's too late ... jason explode through the door , knocking it off its hinges . the child run scream to the back of the cabin . ext . camp forest GREEN - night moving shot - over megan' shoulder she race from the landing toward the cabin . ext . on lake - in boat - night Tommy watch , helpless . he stand up . tommy megan ! ext . boy' dormitory cabin - night megan be only a few yard from the cabin . without warning , jason burst out through a window and land before her . angle on jason and megan he spring up and grab the stunne megan . tight on megan' face as she scream , Jason 's hand grip she face . she be about to share the same horrific fate as Officer pappas . tommy ( o.s. ) jason !! low angle - on jason gripping megan he look over toward the lake . jason be p.o.v. out on the lake , Tommy be see awkwardly stand in the boat , wave he arm . tommy come on , Jason ! it 's I you want ! come and get I ! back to jason he suddenly toss megan aside and head for Tommy . megan fall on the ground , tremble and hyperventilate . she stare at the depart Jason and look back at the cabin . angle on cabin window all the eye of the petrify kid peek down at she from the bottom of the window frame . ext . on lake - in boat - night Tommy keep taunting Jason to come for he . tommy that 's it ! come on , pus-head ! ext . lake shore - night Jason reach the lake and keep go as if the water do not even exist . he stay fix on the one thing he 's want to kill the most ... Tommy . ext . on lake - in boat - night see he 's get he , Tommy sit down . he reach for the chain noose and hold it in he sweat hand . ext . lake shore - night Jason be wading deeper into the dark , choppy water . ext . camp forest GREEN - night see Jason be get dangerously close to Tommy , megan jump up and start yell : megan Tommy , get out of there ! row to the other side of the lake ! hurry !! ext . lake - night Jason stop and turn back to look at megan . should he get she first ? angle on tommy in boat he panic and yell at Jason : tommy hey , asshole ! it 's I you want , remember ?! come on , chickhenshit , I be sittin ' here waitin ' ! jason turn back towards the boy . he move on he like a hungry shark . angle on chain noose Tommy 's nervous hand keep the noose out of Jason 's sight as he open it wider . tight on jason's masked face he be almost to the boat . tight on tommy' face he be sweat profusely as he grit he tooth . tight on noose it 's ready . just as jason reach the boat , he submerge , disappearing into the dark water . angle down - on tommy in boat the boy go crazy , look from one side to the other . closer on tommy he scan the sinister , churn water . where will Jason be - emerge ? back on angle above tommy and boat a long , tense wait . angle off side of boat bubbles rise . Tommy hold the noose over he . jason explode up from the other side . another angle on boat Tommy lose he balance and drop the noose into the bottom of the boat . his fall cause the rickety boat to crack . insert - on hull Water start to leak in around the huge rock . jason grab for Tommy , who struggle to reach the noose . ext . camp forest GREEN - night megan be freaking out , not know what to do . ext . lake - night jason's hand grab tommy' jacket . the boy fight to break free of he grip . insert - on hull they struggle cause it to split open wide . more water pour in . angle on tommy' foot he try to snag the noose as Jason pull harder on he . tommy yank he arm away violently , cause he sleeve to rip off in Jason 's hand . angle on tommy' foot he manage to catch to noose with he shoe . insert - on hull the boat be fill up with water around the rock . jason grab ahold of Tommy 's leg . tommy' other foot slide the chain up to he outstretch finger . angle on tommy and jason the boy grab the noose and force it over Jason 's head . tight on jason enrage , he lunge at Tommy ! angle on boat that 's all that 's need to split open the hull ! jason be pulled under and he drag tommy down with he . ext . camp forest GREEN - night megan scream hysterically . int . underwater the large boulder fall to the bottom of the lake . its chain pull taut . close on jason the chain noose tighten around Jason 's neck . another angle Jason struggle to hold on to Tommy while try to loosen the choke-chain . tight on tommy he fight to free himself of Jason 's grasp before run out of breath . angle on jason he give up on the noose , opting to strange Tommy instead . both be drown in this battle . ext . lake - night bubbles appear on the surface of the lake . after a flurry of they , they cease . ext . camp forest GREEN - night megan cover her mouth in dread . ext . lake - night after a moment , Tommy 's limp body rise to the surface . it float , lifeless . int . underwater Jason 's body also hang lifeless , anchore vertically by the chain ... the two have destroy each other . ext . camp forest GREEN - night know it 's over , all the kid slowly exit the cabin . they surround the catatonic megan . the wind have died down . little nancy stare up sorrowfully at megan . nancy ( softly ) be he kill - ded ? megan break out of she shock . she head for the lake . megan ( to kid ) stay here . reverse angle toward lake megan race to the lake and dive in . ext . lake - night megan swim toward the motionless Tommy . angle down - on megan and tommy she reach she man , hold he around the chest , and pull he to shore . int . underwater megan' leg be grabbed by jason . he try to pull she down . ext . lake - night megan fight for she life as she repeatedly get yank down . int . underwater megan 's foot kick at she attacker . but Jason 's iron grip will not let go of she leg . tight on jason's head and neck one of megan' powerful kick drive into jason's throat . a stream of final air bubbles and disgusting , ugly black fluid rush from he mask ! jason's hand let go of megan 's leg . she swim away . final shot of jason we infamous killer be at last defeat . his rotting corpse hang in its original underwater burial ground . ext . lake shore - night megan pull Tommy 's body onto the shore . the child run down and surround they with concerned face . angle on megan and tommy she frantically give he mouth - to- mouth resuscitation . tight on tommy he do not respond . megan will not accept that he 's dead . she fight back the tear as she push on he abdomen . tight on tommy still nothing . angle on nancy she watch megan try desperately to revive the lifeless boy . the child get a idea . she close she eye and whisper a little prayer . resume megan and tommy the tear be now flow down megan 's cheek . she know she effort be in vain . in frustration , she strike he chest hard . tight on tommy he cough and spit out water . angle on megan she whoops and help he to sit up . a few of the kid cheer . little nancy open she eye and be quite surprised it work . she look heavenward and smile a " thank you . " close on tommy as megan hug he gratefully , Tommy look out over the moonlit lake . tommy ( sigh ; relieved ) it 's over , megan . it 's finally over . Jason be home . wide on scene - behind group we look over the shoulder of Tommy , megan and the kid as they stare at the now - peaceful lake . fade out : fade in : ext . cemetery - day subjective moving camera slowly we head between the tombstone , stalking the old caretaker , Martin . he be bent over , pull weed . we come closer and closer , then finally stand tower over he . he sense we and turn around , startled . another angle on martin he climb nervously to he foot , quickly drop the weed . martin ( overly friendly ) you .. .ha- ha .. frighten I . I be just , you know , clean up the ... place , you know . ha-ha . over the shoulder of stranger - on martin all we see be a dark suit and longish red-gray hair . the way Martin look up at he , we know he be hide true terror of this mysterious stranger . martin er.. nice to see you again , Mr. voorhee ... have not see you in Crystal ...er , Forest Green , in quite some time . there be only a deathly silence from the nefarious man . martin ( nervously ) hey , I have be takin ' real good care of you wife and son 's grave . go look . you will be real pleased . Martin force a grin to cover he fear . angle on mr. voorhee ' hand it reach into he back pants pocket and withdraw a small wad of money . the gnarled hand give it to Martin . martin obsequiously accept he payment . he practically genuflect before he . martin thank you , Mr. voorhee . thank you . I will leave you in private , like you like . okay , er ... bye . thank you . he take he earning and dash away ... probably to the liquor store . angle on lawn Mr. voorhee ' black shoe head toward we and stop . slowly , we tilt up toward he face . just as we reach he chest ... angle over he shoulder - on two grave we recognize they from before . closer on grave of course , they be he wife 's and son jason' . wider angle - from behind he he stand menacingly over he family 's rest place ... do he sense something be wrong here ? extreme closeup of he eye they stare down at he son 's grave . this eye be truly evil . cold . dark. demonic . then the worst happen ... they slowly look up at we . they seem to accuse we of know the true whereabouts of he son . and he won't stop glaring at US . dissolve to : ext . lake forest GREEN - day we glide tranquilly over the blue water toward the middle of the lake . dissolve to : slowly moving in on the water , it seem we be about to descend into it ... jason emerge at US ! we pull back a bit . no , it 's only he infamous mask . freed from it 's wick owner , it float peacefully along old crystal lake ... for now .