friday the 13 th part VIII : jason take manhattan written by Rob hedden fade in : ext . crystal lake - night a dark , rumbling sky . haze cling to the lake as we float across it , clear to bring the opposite shoreline into view . a few scattered streetlight . dilapidate cabin . a abandon campsite . camp crystal lake . we continue to drift towards it , hearing the faint sound of seductive music and a occasional giggle . a small houseboat float into we foreground , its interior light flicker as two body move around inside . int . houseboat - night a teenage boy and girl , jim and suzy , be slow - dance . Jim 's lip softly touch she lissome shoulder . jim well ...how do you feel ? suzy ask I in about five minute . she bite he ear , giggle , then kiss he fully .. jim I be talk about graduation . be totally free to do whatever we want now . her hand slip inside he pendleton shirt . he sigh . suzy it feel excellent . her mouth find he again . after a long kiss , he gently pull away from she with a teasing smile . jim gotta throw the anchor over . he leave the cabin . she slip under the bed sheet . ext . houseboat deck - night as Jim toss a small anchor overboard . tight on water surface as the weighty object splashes , sink into black oblivion , pull its cable down with it . jim glance at the lake , at they eerie surroundings . he feel a chill , head back inside . ext . underwater - night ( tank ) as the anchor drift to the lake bottom , drop a few foot from a thick power cable which rest in the lake silt . int . houseboat - night as Jim return with a uneasy expression . he crawl on top of the bed , kissing she again , but not with the same enthusiasm as before . suzy what 's wrong ? jim nothing . he start to pull off he shirt and join she . she sense he anxiety . suzy c'mon , Jimmy . something 's bother you . Jim pause , turn off the mood music . jim it 's just that we be right around that old summer camp where all that murder take place . the boat creak . she 's instantly nervous . suzy what murder ? jim never mind , you do not want to know about it . suzy tell I . jim there 's nothing to worry about , suzy . the guy 's dead now , somewhere at the bottom of this lake ... if you believe the storey . ( beat ) let 's drop it , okay ? he start to kiss she again . she stop he . suzy what storey ? he do not want to go into it but suzy 's face insist . jim there be this boy name Jason voorhee who drown in Crystal Lake ... flashback eight year old jason be desperately try to tread water , flail he arm like a marionette to get attention as he gulp down gallon of mossy lake water . young jason hhhhelp ....me.... I be drown ... jim ( v.o. ) none of the counselor hear he . young jason mmmmmmommy .... ... and Jason finally slip under the surface for good . int . houseboat - continuous jim a bunch of year go by and everybody forget about it . ( beat ) that 's when the murder start . flashback montage ( stock ) as we sense be bombard with quick cut of assort teenager just about to die , they scream echoing over each other . we do not see the attacker . as the cacophony reach a screeching crescendo , CUT back to : int . houseboat - night as the silence hit we hard again . suzy Jason do it ...? jim ' that 's what some people think . but they be wrong . flashback ( stock ) as mrs . voorhee come directly at camera wield a huge knife and a primal scream . int . houseboat - night jim his mother blame the counselor for he death and try to kill they all . ( dramatic pause ) she get she head chop off by one of they . we do not need to see this clip ... suzy 's reaction be quite sufficient . suzy so the murder stop ? he give she a long , penetrate look . jim no . flashback montage ( stock ) we be bombard with quick flash of a hockey mask jason wreak havoc on assort teenager ... brandish everything from hatchet to knife to chainsaw . just as Jason be about to stab we , CUT back to : int . houseboat - night suzy flinch as if she be get the knife . jim legend have it that Jason come back to avenge he mother 's death , vow to kill every teenager from the area . ( beat ) and every now and then , the murder start up again . the boat lurch slightly , tug at the anchor cable . she 's scared : he 's frighten himself a little , too . jim forget about it , suzy . they be just storey . he brushes she hair back , kissing she cheek gently , find the nape of she neck again . she close she eye , try to dismiss what he 's dredge up . but she can not . suzy begin to rationalize . suzy we be the last graduate class , right ? Jim 's kissing she body , put Jason behind he . jim right . suzy I mean , lakeview High just close its door for good , right ? jim right . suzy so there 's no reason for he to come back because there will not be any of we around ... right ? Jim stop , look she squarely in the eye . jim right . except that Jason be not real so none of it matter anyway . she start to relax , return he kiss . ext . underwater - night ( tank ) as the anchor drift along the lake floor , tug hard on the power cable . camera track along the cable , come to a rusty set of chain tangled around it . int . houseboat - continuous as Jim slide on top of suzy . thought of Jason be start to slip away along with they clothes . ext . underwater - night ( tank ) as the chain emit a dull tinkle due to movement from the tug anchor . camera continue to track again ... and we find to we horror that the waterlogged , fish -eaten body of jason be secure by these same chain . ( note : Jason 's face be obscure . ) int . houseboat - continuous teenager in love , lose in not-so- innocent passion . at the same moment : ext . underwater - night ( tank ) the anchor tug one last time and rip through the cable . SPARKS instantly fly , chase along the cable , find the chain which secure Jason and engulfing he in electricity . ext . houseboat - on lake surface ( efx ) as bright flash of blue light strobe- under the surface . arcing current chase up the anchor cable , sparking across the hoist . ext . camp crystal lake - wide shot from water as the electricity feed the streetlight be abruptly extinguish , plunging the campsite into darkness . int . houseboat - continuous as suzy 's eye flash open . suzy do you hear that ? jim hear what ? he pull she back down . suzy c'mon , I be serious . he know the mood be break . jim all right , I will check it out . he slip on he jeans , exite the cabin . she pull the sheet up around she fearfully . ext . underwater - night ( tank ) as the cable smolder , void of electricity now . track to find the chain again ... but they be dangle loosely . jason be gone . int . houseboat - continuous suzy be tensely kneel on the bed now . the black void of night be all she see out the cabin door , which Jim have leave open . a uncomfortable amount of time pass . suzy Jimmy ...? no answer . her heart start to pound . suzy Jim ...? again , nothing . she wrap herself in the sheet , move towards the open door . the ship creak again . suzy's point of view as she grow closer to the doorway , nothing but pitch - black beyond it . suzy stop screwing around , Jim . I mean it ... ... and just as she reach the door : a hockey masked monster leap out , clutching a huge knife . suzy barely have time to scream before jason plunge the knife into her chest . suzy stand there in speechless shock , look down at she mortal wound . but there 's no blood . the monster pull the knife back out , push the blade in and out with he hand . it 's a retractable rubber knife . jim pull off the hockey mask with a huge grin , toss it aside . jim gotcha good , baby cake . she do not know whether to hug he with relief or kick he in the ball . he pull she back onto the bed , laugh . ext . houseboat - close on hockey mask sit dormant on the deck , where Jim toss it . a shadow fall across it ... follow by a slimy , decomposing hand . the hand grab it like it 's a old friend , pull it away . int . houseboat - continuous as Jim hold he angry girlfriend down on the bed , try unsuccessfully to kiss she . jim all right , all right -- I be a major ass . suzy and you will never do it again . jim and I will never do it again . forgive I ? suzy no . she 's resisting only for effect . her leg curl around he , finally give in . ext . houseboat - night a deadly - sharp spear gun rest in its rack outside the cabin . jason's hand remove it . int . houseboat - continuous the sheet begin to roll like wave as they work each other . thought of Jason be nonexistent now . angle - cabin door nothing there for a moment ... then a pair of moss - cover bare feet slosh into frame . suzy close she eye with pleasure ... angle - cabin door ... and camera rise from the mossy foot , up the bloodless leg and torso to ultimately reveal the hockey - mask face of we anti-hero : jason voorhee . suzy let out a broad smile , she eyelid flutter . they stay open long enough to regard the visitor in the doorway . she try to choke out a warning to Jim , who 's just collapse himself . suzy jjjjjjjjason ... he do not follow she glance , smile instead . jim uh-huh . you must really think I be a ass . but she continue to stare in horror as : jason raise the spear , take aim . angle - suzy and jim hs start to kiss she but she bolt up with a blood - curdle scream . a second later , jason fire the spear , piercing her neck , pinning her to the head board . Jim stare point- blank at he dead girlfriend , not able to assimilate it quickly enough . he spin around to see the monster himself . jim ohmygod ... Jim spring off the bed , look around for anything to defend himself with , grab the bedside lamp . he smashes it over jason's head which have little effect . Jim scramble to get past he , but Jason lift jim in the AIR , slamming he down on one of the spike bedpost . ext . crystal lake - night as the houseboat silently drift onward . the lone silhouette of Jason emerge from within , take the helm . he 's back . fade out / MAIN credit . fade in : ext . harbor - establishing - day only the faintest sign of daylight can be see through a thick blanket of gray fog . in the distance , speckle light outline a smaller luxury cruise ship intermittently appear . ext . dockside - day stand at the board ramp be charle mcculloch , clipboard in hand . he 's just finish check off a pair of new - agey senior girl . mcculloch be approach fifty , wear a tie and unwrinkled clothes , as well as the disposition of a stern puritan . mcculloch remember girl , the shuffleboard tournament will start at six p.m. sharp . a non- attendance will restrict you time in port , understand ? they nod for he benefit , exchange derogatory whisper as they head up the ramp . camera adjust to find a small parking lot adjacent to the dock , where several car be just now arrive -- parent drop off they high school senior , hugging they bon voyage . closer angle parking lot as sean robertson walk toward the ship with pal mile wolfe . Sean 's a tall , nice look , somewhat serious guy ; mile be short , athletic and more extrovert . mile you be tell I this boat have a pool with a three meter board ? sean it 's a ship and that 's right . plus a disco , gym , game room and a lot more . mile I think I be gonna blow off New York and just stay on this thing . mcculloch you will do no such thing , Mr. wolfe ... camera adjust to reveal mcculloch , hold he list , check off they name . mcculloch you itinerary have be carefully plan and make no mistake , it will be execute accordingly . mile ( under he breath ) of course ... would not want to risk enjoy this trip . mcculloch give he a frown . Sean step up to he tentatively . sean which cabin be rennie in , Mr. mcculloch ? mcculloch rennie 's not come . he 's devastate . sean but I think ... mcculloch she change she mind . ( eyeing list ) let 's see ... Mr. wolfe be in stateroom one - eleven and you , Mr. Robertson , be in two -twenty - five . a booming voice from above interrupt they : admiral robertson ( o.s. ) Sean -- where the hell have you be ? we be already into early departure protocol ... another angle stand on the upper deck be a no -nonsense , uniform navy man , admiral robertson . the captain of the ship . and Sean 's father . Sean 's sadness about rennie 's absence be immediately replace with anxiety . sean be right up , dad . he and mile head up the gangway , both boy give mcculloch one last glare . int . ' 76 BMW 2002 - day behind the wheel be miss colleen van deusen , thirty , attractive , a progressive attitude . rennie wickham sit next to she -- she 's seventeen , pretty , slightly withdraw . rennie 's dog toby , a border collie , ride in the back seat . miss van deusen I be glad you decide to come after all . rennie I too . but I be not sure uncle Charles will be . miss van deusen you let I worry about he , okay ? ( pause ) personal experience be what fuel the mind of great writer , rennie . you make the right decision . rennie what about not - so-great writer ? rennie smile self - deprecatingly , miss Van deusen grin back . but rennie 's smile be few and far between , this one disappear as she glance out the window . rennie' point of view ( second unit ) as the countless gallon of harbor and lake water spread out before she , eery in the bog . a small rowboat graze across it occupy by two indistinguishable people . return to shot rennie 's eye show a hide terror . she quickly turn away , shiver briefly . miss Van deusen notice . she turn a corner , head into the parking lot . miss van deusen everything okay ? rennie just feel a little chill . rennie rub she arm , fake coldness . miss van deusen do you know that I be give up teach ? rennie really ? miss van deusen since the school be close anyway , I be go to write that novel I have be threaten on everybody . rennie that 's wonderful , miss Van deusen ... what 's it about ? she park the car , turn off the ignition . miss van deusen a senior class cruise to Manhattan , lace with romance , adventure and murder . ( beat ) or a gothic cook book . I have not decide which . she 's coax the smile out of rennie again . miss Van deusen pull a small wrap box from she glove compartment , hand it to rennie , who seem utterly surprised . miss van deusen go on , open it . rennie pop off the lid , revealing a antique ink-dip pen . miss van deusen Stephen King supposedly use it when he be in high school . rennie I do not know what to say ... miss van deusen rennie , you be the best student I ever have ... you have a real gift . if anybody can make use of that pen , it 's you . rennie hug she teacher . camera rise above the car 's window , find a mercede 560 sl pull in a short distance away . closer angle - mercede a sexy , money - dress blonde be behind the wheel . tamara mason . she climb from she leather seat as a trio of senior girl walk by , offer enthusiastic hi 's and hellos . she 's obviously miss popular . tamara cross to a cute japanese girl unload luggage from a beige Honda , eva watanabe . . tamara be you ready for drug , sex and rock and roll or what , girl ? Eva give she a warning glance , nodd to she leave . Eva 's mother appear by the passenger door , force a smile at tamara . mrs . watanabe hello , tamara . tamara hi , Mrs. watanabe . just kid . mrs . watanabe yes , I be sure . embarrass , Eva hurry to she Mom , rush a kiss goodbye . eva do not worry about a thing , Mom . I will have a terrific time and I will not do anything stupid , okay ? before Mrs. watanabe can squeeze a word in , she daughter be go . she wave a bittersweet goodbye to she graduate . mrs . watanabe I love you ... tracking with tamara and eva once they be out of Mrs. watanabe 's earshot -- tamara I hear the crew member be cute guy in they twenty . eva really ? tamara I be sure we will have no problem get they to party with we ... especially with this . tamara unzip she purse , revealing a baggie fill with fine white powder . Eva look very nervous . tamara it 's my graduation gift from daddy . it cost over a thousand buck but it 's the best . eva he buy you that ? tamara more or less . it 's part of my college fund . she grin coquettishly , walk on . camera hold on the calm , foggy harbor ... where the faint image of a houseboat be aimlessly drift into port . closer angle - houseboat sure enough , it 's the same one we see jason on last night ... but no one be behind the helm . it seem to be a ghost ship . ext . dockside - day as tamara try to slip past mcculloch , busy with another pair of senior . mcculloch you can stop right there , miss mason . he motion the other onward . busted . tamara instantly hand Eva she drug-filled purse , paralyze Eva . mccull40 ch only graduate senior be allow on this cruise . tamara what be you talk about ? mccullocb you never turn in you final biology project , so I have have you diploma rescind . tamara you can not do that ... mcculloch it 's already be do . ( turn to Eva ) congratulation on the 3.9 average , miss watanabe . you be in stateroom two - fifty - five . Eva smile awkwardly , reach for she luggage , stalling to see what happen with tamara . tamara look , Mr. mcculloch , I get in a car accident yesterday and miss we appointment . it 's okay , no big deal , just a bruise arm ... ( squeeze she arm ) ... so I bring my project along today . it 's in my suitcase . really . he look at she suitcase , not buy a word of this . eva she 's tell the truth , Mr. mcculloch . I see she pack it . he 's surprised to hear this ... and so be tamara . mcculloch all right . but if it mysteriously disappear en route , I will have you send back home the minute we dock . understood ? tamara perfectly . she grab she purse back from Eva , quickly move on before he change he mind . they voice become whisper . tamara a major prick . eva what be you go to do ? tamara improvise , of course . ext . dock piling - same time as the houseboat haphazardly bump into barnacle - cover dock piling , still around fifty yard from the cruise ship . point of view out houseboat window the window be splatter with blood , but still clear enough to make out tamara and Eva walk up the gangway , along with a half dozen other teenager mingling on board . tight on houseboat anchor cable -- or rather the remnant of it . it 's a piece of fray woven metal char by extreme electricity , severe just above water level . suddenly there 's blurry movement behind it ; camera rack focus just in time to catch a glimpse of jason slipping off the side , floating toward the piling . ext . dockside - same time as mcculloch impatiently check he watch and list again . miss Van deusen walk up to he . miss van deusen hello , Charles . have everyone check in ? mcculloch Jim Miller and suzy Donaldson never show up . I be a little concerned . miss van deusen do not be . they probably decide to explore each other rather than New York . he give she a disdainful look , start up the ramp . mcculloch let 's go -- we be run two minute late . miss van deusen Charles , there 's someone else come along too . he stop , follow she glance . his face tighten . another angle rennie be walk toward they with a small suitcase , she dog Toby stride next to she . she walk up to he , start to say something , then decide against it . rennie head up the gangway . hold on mcculloch and miss Van deusen . he 's livid . mcculloch you have no right ... miss van deusen and neither do you . it 's up to rennie to decide what she want to do . mcculloch she do not know what she want . she 's never have a stable life . miss van deusen and she sure do not have one now , either . she need to live . mcculloch I be she legal guardian , not you or anybody else , and I alone know what 's best for she . end of discussion . miss van deusen no , I think it 's just the beginning . she walk past he . ext . ramp / ship - on rennie as she reach the top of the gangway , she heart pound . rennie pause , work up the courage to look out at the lake again . rennie' point of view the rowboat she see earlier be still there , even closer now . rennie' pupil contract , she blood pump faster . then she hear a faint voice below her ... voice ( o.s. ) hhhhelp I ... rennie look straight down at the water beneath she and see : a EIGHT year old boy floundering in the water . it take we only a moment to recognize he -- it's young jason . he 's gasp , suck in huge amount of liquid , exactly like he do in the prologue . young jason hhhhelp I .... I be drown ... rennie lean back in terror , fall into miss Van deusen . miss van deusen what 's wrong , rennie ?? rennie frantically point over the ramp edge , unable to speak . miss Van deusen quickly look and see : miss van deusen' point of view the water be calm . no Young Jason . return to shot as rennie get a hold of herself . rennie I just get a little dizzy . I be fine . she continue up the ramp . hold on miss Van deusen , watch she go , somewhat troubled by it . rack to mcculloch below she , also watch . extremely concerned . rennie continue along the starboard side , not risk another glance overboard . she pass a older , very derange deck hand , mop the deck . hold on he , he bloodshot eye follow she like a craze raven . int . bridge - close on harpoon - day sharp and rusty , mount on the wall amidst jag scale knife , shark jaw and other artifact . widen to reveal they be surround a navigational chart on the cruise ship 's bridge . Admiral Robertson and he chief engineer be prepare for departure , check the omega satellite computer as well as the loran . admiral robertson ( check watch ) let 's take in the brow . chief engineer yes sir. ( into intercom phone . ) take in the gangway and single up all line . sean and mile enter the room ; Sean get a glance from he dad . mile be very impressed with the bridge . sean hello , dad . mile hey , Admiral Robertson . Love you ship . admiral robertson she 's a beauty , be not she ? I should have retire from the navy ten year ago . mile you have really be generous to give we this cruise . I know I speak for everybody on board . everybody ... with the possible exception of Sean . he avoid eye contact with he father . admiral robertson Hell , there 's just twenty or so of you -- we only need a skeleton crew and it 's a pleasure to sail she anyway . ( beat ) by the way , congratulation on win the intramural diving championship , mile . I be sure you make you old man proud . Admiral Robertson give he own son a glance ; maybe Sean should think about do the same . chief engineer have you decide on you departure protocol , Admiral ? admiral robertson actually , I think I would leave the honors to my son . sean dad , I do not think ... admiral robertson ( to Chief engineer , ignore Sean ) relinquish command of the princess Ruby to Captain Sean Robertson . Sean have no say in the matter . mile can feel he friend 's nervousness as well . admiral robertson but before you take the helm , take this . he toss Sean a wrap box . Sean open it . Inside be a navigational computer the size of a calculator , sit next to a rusty old sextant . admiral robertson something old and something new . I use the sextant when I be you age , but now they have this goddamn computer to do all the work for you . chief engineer ( to Sean ) have you decide on a plan of departure , Captain ? Sean 's nervous . he eye the omega , quickly glance at the loran , briefly refer to the navigational chart . sean how about if we start up the forward engine and come around . 180 degree ... admiral robertson be not you forget something ? Sean look flustered . Admiral Robertson storm to a large button , press it three time , pierce the air with three long blast of the ship 's horn . it underscore he frustration . admiral robertson we be in foggy weather ! send out the international maritime signal that a vessel be back down , follow by a security broadcast warning other ship ! he shove the mike out at Sean , but he do not grab it , leave the bridge , humiliate . there 's a awkward moment for mile , unable to find any appropriate word . he exit as well . Admiral Robertson stare out the bridge window , sadden and frustrated . it be not suppose to go this way . ext . deck - on sean as he continue away , he retreat block by the deck hand . the crazy old man pierce a dead serious stare at Sean . deck hand this voyage be doom . sean yeah , tell I about it . Sean sidestep he , move on . ext . harbor - day ( crane shot ) Parents and relative wave gleefully from the dock as camera rise and rotate to find eighteen or so teenager 1ine the upper deck , happily wave back . the ship begin to slice through serene water . the voyage have begin . closer on hull the water begin to ripple as the ship 's speed increase . all seem normal ... until jason's hand appear , clinging to a loose mooring line dragging in the water . he slither up the side towards the deck as dense fog breeze past he . ext . deck - day as Sean continue along , hand in pocket . he turn a corner and collide with rennie , walk she dog . his eye instantly brighten , as do hers . sean rennie ... rennie hi , Sean . sean I hear you be not come . rennie ( glance at Toby ) we change we mind . Sean pat she dog . there 's a awkward pause ... they be obviously in the early stage - of a relationship . Sean reach into he coat pocket , bring back a small necklace -size box . sean I get you a present . rennie but I do not get you one ... sean forget it . it 's a dumb little thing anyway . rennie open it up , expose a petite silver necklace with a statue of Liberty pendant on it . she 's touch . rennie Sean ... it 's beautiful . Sean take it from she , snap it around she neck . sean I think maybe we could hike to the top of the statue when we get there , if you feel like it . it 's suppose to be 22 storey tall . rennie I would love to . mcculloch ( o.s. ) you father be look for you , Mr. Robertson . mcculloch appear behind they . the mood have be break . sean I guess I will see you later . Sean leave . mcculloch step up to rennie , point out to the foggy sea . her respiration increase as she psyches herself up to look . mcculloch there 's a storm predict tonight . rennie look at the ocean , force herself not to turn away . mcculloch you be make a big mistake , rennie . it 's not too late to put you back on land . rennie I be stay . mcculloch if miss Van deusen know how afraid you be of ... rennie she do not push I into come . mcculloch why be you do this to yourself ? rennie I do not even know why I be afraid , uncle Charles . I can not even remember when it start . do not you think it 's time I find out and get over it ? he take a measure pause . mcculloch facing you fear do not always conquer it . rennie I be stay . he 's not go to change she mind . p.o.v . - rennie and mcculloch ( B &amp ; w/ viewfinder matte ) through a porthole window ... and through the viewfinder of a video camcorder . mcculloch shake he head , turn away from rennie and walk away . a sinister electric guitar solo screech out . pan with mcculloch as he pass the window , come around 180 degree into a close up of j.j. jarrett , finger a sleek Gibson " Flying V . " j.j. ( into camera ) be this axe awesome or what ? int . j.j.' stateroom - day as j.j. , a female rocker in the vein of band " vix , " continue to wail on she guitar . she 's wear a black leather corset , with wildly tease deep red hair . holding the camcorder be wayne webber , MTV - acclimate , wear the latest hip prescription glass . wayne too cool , j.j . you parent come through . she pop out the guitar cable from she practice amp . j.j. no lie . I hear there 's a big power room down below where I can get supreme concert hall echo . come down and shoot a basement tape on I , okay ? wayne sure ... but I gotta shoot some shockumentary footage first . he avoid eye contact when he say it . she give he a look . j.j. man , do not tell I you be still try to scam on tamara ... his non - answer mean yes . j.j. walk over to he , grab he cheek , shaking they like jello . j.j. how long have we know each other ? do not be a dweeb , Wayne . she 's not interested in you , only what you can do for she . she 's a user . wayne she 's sexy . j.j. so 's this guitar . so what ? wayne I will catch you later . he exit . she mumble something under she breath , coiling up she amp cord . int . corridor - tracking with wayne as he walk onward . drop down to find he feet as he pass a dark alcove ... which happen to have slimy footprint and seaweed lead into it . camera follows the footprint , rising again and with dim recognition , we eye fall on jason . lurk in the shadow . but not for long . int . power room - day massive , very dark , backlit steam seeping from a maze of pipe overhead . no window . a wall of circuit breaker and voltage meter decorate one wall , quietly hum generator on the opposite side . j.j. appear with she guitar , amp and ghetto blaster , appreciative of the surroundings . j.j . this place be aching for a video . Wayne , you be a asshole . she find a outlet and plug in she equipment . jason's point of view we be peer at j.j. predatorially through the steam , move through it , behind the generator . j.j. pop a cassette into she blaster , jam the " play " button . a loud rock and roll rhythm track blast out . jason's point of view move around the generator , eyeing she sleek leather pants as she bend over to plug in she axe . tight on electric guitar as j.j. snap the male end of the plug into the female . receptacle . jason's face appear for a instant through the vapor , then vanish . j.j. scream out the open lick of she solo in sync with she playback . the generator be cause a breeze which make she hair dance , steam flow between she leg . she 's lose in she music , building to a crescendo , bend the high " E " string above the upper octave fret . she open she eye with the pleasure of it and see : jason emerge from a cloud of vapor like she worst nightmare . ext . upper deck - same time as j.j. 's scream echoe from a exhaust duct . whip pan to find the craze deck hand stand just below it , reacting with dread . he 's the only one who have hear it . int . power room - same time as Jason tear the guitar off she body , raise it in the air like a hatchet . the horrify girl flee down a narrow maze of steel step , force back against a generator with nowhere to go . push in on she face for one last look at she before : jason swing the guitar downward and bury it in j.j. 's skull . ext . upper deck - same time as the deck Hand flinch upon the thick , dull sound of she demise , follow by discordant feedback from she guitar ... and eventual silence . he reach into he breast pocket , he hand shaking badly as he sip from a flask of early Times . ext . ocean - night ( efx ) as lightning flash over a gray , choppy sea . a storm be imminent . the princess Ruby finally appear , cut through whitecap , no land in sight . close up - ink dip pen as rennie 's hand carefully dip it in India ink , move to a blank page in she journal . she hesitates for several beat . int . rennie' stateroom - night no inspiration . she put down the pen , look at she dog , who 's curl up on the bed . rennie what do you think ... time for some personal experience to fuel we mind ? the dog 's eye blink , but no more than that . rennie I agree . rennie move to she closet , find a silk blouse and some black satin pants . ext . outside deck - same time wind be pick up , sweeping thick mist past a row of decorative flag . one of they flap back ... and expose jason . through jason's eye ( flying wall efx ) as the flag whip we face . we move through it , down the empty passageway , come to a porthole window . rennie 's window . we peer through it with unnerve intensity at the backside of rennie as she pull off she T-shirt , slip on the blouse . camera continue through the tiny round window , float across the room , over Toby and the bed ... until we be inches from the back of rennie' head . she suddenly spin around in fright , face we point - blank , and : reverse angle nobody be there , she porthole window empty . but there 's something surreal about the window ... tight on porthole window ( efx ) empty grayness ... then EIGHT year old jason float up from below , bubble escaping from he lip . the porthole have become a window into the depth of Crystal Lake . rennie feel she throat catch with terror and a instant later : dog toby begin to bark vociferously , rush to she cabin door , scratch to get out . rennie' eye be distract to Toby for a second ; when she look back at the porthole , she see : a empty window no water , no drown boy . rennie snap out of it , move to the door , where she dog be frantically claw with he fur up . rennie okay Toby , calm down ... she 's talk to herself as much as the dog . rennie close the curtain on she window , then step to she door . she swing the door open for Toby ... and expose a empty hall . Toby scrape he way out of the room , dash off down the hall , snarling . int . ship corridor - night as Toby run straight toward we . pan with he as he rush around a corner , lead we into a view of tamara and eva , disappear down a staircase . int . mens gym - day a strong seventeen year - old black kid , julius gaw , be go a few round with another senior boy who 's clearly lose the box match . julius dance around he on the mat like he 's Mike tyson , several other boy cheer they on . reverse angle - locker room window as tamara and Eva step into view . Eva glance around , feel out of place in the man 's locker room . eva I be not sure we be suppose to be here , tamara . a couple of skinny boy wear only towel walk by . but tamara do not notice they , she face press up against the glass , watch julius . tamara be that a muscular bod or what ? tamara put on a sexy smile . the other boxer see she instead , instantly distract . julius lay he out with a left-right - leave combination . the onlooker applaud . julius pull out he mouthpiece , give tamara a wick smile . tamara he 's undefeate , you know that ? ( beat ) julius be the only senior I would even consider do it with . if he be not black , that be . eva ( awkward ) my parent be open minded about that sort of thing . tamara my stepmom could not care less , but daddy would have a shit fit . ( let it slip out ) he might even pay some attention to I . tamara quickly put up she veneer again , spot something . tamara gorgeous guy at ten o'clock . look sensual . both girl slip into instant sultry as a crew member in he mid-twenty pass they , wear a tool belt . very masculine . he give the girl a pleasant smile . tamara turn around to check out he back side . tamara I think it 's time for some recreational activity , girl . eva sound good . I hear there 's a shuffleboard court on deck -- it might be kind cool ... tamara you be joke , right ? she be not , but Eva try to act like she be . tamara walk on , Eva follow . int . stateroom hallway - night as mcculloch step from rennie 's room , look very worried . Wayne Webber pass by , he eye stick in he viewfinder . mcculloch yank the camcorder away from he face . mcculloch have you see my niece anywhere ? wayne yeah , motivate downstairs , I think . what 's the problem , Mr. mcculloch ? mcculloch senior prediction start five minute ago and she have not show up . wayne some of we do not want we future predict . mcculloch in you case I be sure that 's true . he brushes past Wayne angrily . int . service area - night as tamara drag Eva into a secluded service area , pull out she mirror , straw and baggie . tamara the night time be the right time . tamara hand the straw to Eva . eva ( nervous ) no thanks . tamara what ? do not be a lightweight ... this be top dollar toot . eva it 's not that , it 's just that ... ( beat ) it I get catch , I will lose my science scholarship and everything . tamara you be talk to the prom queen , Eva . do you really think I be go to risk get catch ? eva ( a pause ) I guess not . tamara do you realize how many people would kill to be sit here right now ? come on , it 's grad night . you have get you whole life to be uptight . Eva take the straw . stalking point of view as we move down the corridor , in and out of shadow , hearing giggle from tamara and Eva up ahead . Jason 's come ... angle - tamara and eva as Eva take a nosefull , sneezing badly . tamara be that unbelievable or what ? tamara giggle , get ready to tap out another line . but the snicker stop upon the sound of approaching footstep . they both look up , every muscle tensing with fear as : rennie appear from the shadow , just as startle to see they . it 's not Jason at all . rennie can not help notice the cocaine , try hard to ignore it . tamara Jesus , you scared the hell out of we . rennie have you see my dog ? I think he come this way . tamara no , we have not . ( awkwardly ) Care for a hit ? rennie no thanks . rennie continue on . after she 's go ... tamara a real space cadet . I wonder if she will narc on we ... eva I have she in Creative write and she 's fairly nice . tamara nobody related to mcculloch can be nice . tamara put the straw to she nose . angle - rennie as she press on , the corridor get darker . rennie Toby ? no reply . she walk on , turn down the leave hallway ... but camera turn down the right hallway . suddenly jason reveal himself , quietly step from the game room . he 's hold a pool cue , which he proceed to snap in half , provide a splintery sharp shaft . int . service area - same time as tamara finish off she line , wiping she nose with a sniffle . tamara oh yeah . ready to party and then some . she roll up she baggie , stuff it into she purse . stalking point of view as we come down a corridor , turn into the service Area , stomping right up to tamara and Eva . they both gasp ; tamara drop she mirror , which shatter on the ground . reverse angle they be face mcculloch . mcculloch what be you do in here ? tamara nothing . he eye the break mirror . he be not bear yesterday . mcculloch be you girl use drug ? eva do you think I would use drug , Mr. mcculloch ? we be just explore the ship . he do not want to believe Eva be a druggie . but tamara be a different matter . he level he eye on she . mcculloch I '11 be come around you stateroom in exactly fifteen minute , miss mason . you would better have you biology project ready or I be phone you parent . tamara they be out of town . mcculloch then I will make sure you remain on board while you classmate see the sight . he 's get to she with that one . mcculloch storm away . eva what be you go to do ? tamara relax , I have get mcculloch cover ... but that little narce bitch niece of he be a different matter . ( calculate ) rumor have it she 's a teensy bit afraid of the water ... splash ! as a body pierce the surface of the deck swim pool . it 's mile , have just complete a dive from the high board . miss Van deusen and several other stand at poolside , give he some applause . miss van deusen poetry in motion , mile . mile a half - twist short . I will hone that dive yet . he swim to the side , lead we to a view of rennie . she 's very cautious about get too close to the pool edge as she approach miss Van deusen . miss van deusen rennie -- I be just on my way over to you room rennie have you see my dog anywhere ? miss van deusen no , but I be sure Toby 's fine . the ship 's only so big and there 's certainly no way off it , be there ? she smile reassuringly , but she word be less than comforting . int . ship corridor - tracking with toby - same time as the canine continue to sniff out Jason through the maze of corridor . track with the dog as he slow he pace , know he 's get close to something . toby's point of view ( steadicam ) low to the ground , creep past a steam vent which obscure he vision , then turn down a metal staircase , weaving into another passageway . then with absolutely no warning , a body fall from above , thudding directly in front of US . toby rear back with tooth bare , but : the body be quite dead : Toby be snarling at the corpse of the teenage boxer who lose he bout against julius . he 's still in he box short ... but jason's splintery pool cue have be stabbed through he chest . ext . deck pool - on rennie and miss van deusen as they walk along the edge of the pool . miss van deusen so , be you have fun yet ? rennie ( lie ) yeah ... a lot . miss van deusen I seem to detect a hint of ingenuousness in you tone . ( beat ) in other word , level with I . rennie ( a pause ) there 's something I have not tell you ... ... but before she can begin the next sentence , rennie be shove from behind . water angle as she splashes into the pool' deep end . miss van deusen spin around , see tamara stand there with Eva . tamara wow , sorry ... rennie flounder at the surface , nobody realize the terror she 's experience . she 's too scared to even cry for help . miss van deusen be not look at rennie , she attention on admonish tamara . miss van deusen why on earth would you do something like that ? tamara it be a accident , I swear ... Eva avoid eye contact , feel awful . Sean come walk up , see rennie . sean what happen ? ( to rennie ) rennie , be you okay ? rennie' point of view she 's can not even hear Sean , she vision be splash by the chlorinate water . she sink under the surface , turn around ... and coming face to face with young jason . the eight year - old corpse grab her ankle and tries to drag her down . sean's point of view as rennie sink under the surface , all alone , thrashing in terror . sean realize she 's in trouble . he immediately dive in after she , pull she to the pool 's edge , where miss Van deusen help to lift she out . tamara and eva quickly move on . tamara that be truly excellent . eva ( feel like shit ) yeah . tamara time to check out the waiter . eva I think I will pass . see you later , okay ? tamara but ... wait a minute ! Eva walk away . tamara act angry , but deep down she 's hurt . tamara some friend you be . ext . pool side - same time as Sean climb from the pool to join miss Van deusen , who be try to comfort rennie . miss van deusen ( to Sean ) bring she a towel , okay ? Sean nod , hurry off as other start to crowd around . miss Van deusen look up at they . miss van deusen she 's fine -- everybody go back to what you be do . they disperse . rennie slowly start to cry , hold tight to she teacher . miss van deusen Care to talk about it ? after a moment to compose herself ... rennie I can not swim . miss van deusen I gather that . rennie say nothing else . miss Van deusen know she 's hold out . miss van deusen I have a ski accident in high school , break my leave leg . it take three winter before I would even look at the snow again ... but the solution keep elude I . ( beat ) I finally take lesson . I have never break a bone since . rennie it 's not that simple . miss van deusen maybe not . but you be not tell I everything , be you ? rennie ( long pause ) whenever I get near the water , I see this young boy drown . he try to pull I down with he . the teacher do not expect this , take a thoughtful pause . miss van deusen when do this start ? rennie about four year ago ... at Crystal Lake . I spend a few summer there with uncle Charles inbetween board school . miss van deusen after you parent pass away ? rennie nod somberly . miss van deusen do you have a accident in the lake ? rennie no . it be just a normal summer . I have never be able to figure it out . miss van deusen only one young boy ever drown in that lake , and that be before you be even bear . his name be Jason voorhee . the name have trigger some deep memory ... but the recollection vanish upon the sound of she uncle 's voice . mcculloch ( o.s. ) dear God ... another angle as mcculloch rush over to rennie , see that she 's soak . he 's livid . miss van deusen she 's fine , Charles . take it easy ... mcculloch oh , I can see that . you have do a wonderful job of supervise the kid , miss Van deusen . rennie it be not she fault . he get rennie to she foot just as Sean run back with a towel . mcculloch grab it from he , wrapping it around he niece , face both miss Van deusen and Sean . mcculloch stay away from she ... both of you . he start to lead she away . the crazy deck hand block they path , slip he flask away . deck hand he 's come back and you be all go to die . rennie gaze at the deck Hand , then back at mcculloch . rennie just ... leave I alone ... she pull away from he , hurry off , confuse and frighten . mcculloch 's retinas pierce the deck Hand with scorn . he check he watch , then storm off . int . tamara's stateroom - night as a loud , firm knock punctuate the silence . then come a sultry voice ... tamara ( o.s. ) the door 's open . mcculloch swing it open . mcculloch I be in no mood for any more stall tactic , miss mason . where be you final project ? reverse angle as tamara fill a pair of champagne glass with a bottle of dom perignon . she 's wear a full body robe . tamara would not you like a glass of champagne first , Charles ? he 's about to lose he temper . mcculloch step closer . mcculloch where do you get that alcohol ? tamara I pack it . just for we . ext . deck corridor - stalking point of view as we approach tamara 's porthole window , peer through it . we can not hear the word but we can clearly see the people . int . tamara's stateroom - continuous as mcculloch take the bottle from she , set it down on she nightstand . mcculloch that 's it . you be not set foot off this ship until we return home . tamara but I have not even show you my biology project ... tamara unty she robe . pan down to the floor with it as it softly pile at she bare foot . angle - porthole window as the shadow outside quickly blur past the window . return to scene mcculloch be flabbergasted , too stunne to fully react . tamara be wear a layer teddy , which she 's beginning to unsnap , expose she lithe body ... but that 's not all . tamara have draw all she major organ on she bare skin . tamara take a closer look , Charles . I want to make sure I label all my organ correctly . ext . tamara's stateroom - stalking point of view as we approach she door , still crack open from mcculloch 's entrance . we get there just in time to see tamara slip she arm around mcculloch , plant she lip on he , press she nubile flesh up against he stiffly starch shirt . int . tamara's stateroom - continuous as she hold he tight . he finally break away in a fit of anger . mcculloch oh , you have do it now . not only be you go home , I will see to it that you spend next year back in a high school classroom ! he storm for the door , swinging it open , come face to face with : wayne who casually lower he camcorder . tamara I do not think so , Mr. mcculloch . ( to Wayne ) do you get anything good ? his eye be unable to leave she nakedness . wayne oh yeah . she quickly slip on she robe again , all business . mcculloch realize what have just transpire . mcculloch you will never get away with it . ( eyeing Wayne ) and you can forget about ever attend any film school . ( serious beat ) you be both go to be very , very sorry . he storm off . Wayne look very , very nervous . tamara step over to he , cuddle up . tamara relax , Wayne . he will not risk do a thing . ( beat ) can I have the tape ? he pop the eject button , absently hand it over . Wayne step into she room , nervous and excited to be there . he lift the glass of champagne she pour for mcculloch . wayne this be go to sound supremely lame ... but I have have the major hot for you since we sophomore year , tamara . he gulp down the fizz . she force a smile , stashing the incriminate videotape . tamara that 's sweet , Wayne . look , I would love to chat but I be really press for time . ( ushere he to door ) let 's try to get together later , okey - doke ? wayne but I think ... tamara thanks for the camerawork . and out he go , the door shut in he face . Wayne stand outside she room , realize he 's a major chump . wayne Wayne , you be a asshole . he despondently exit . int . tamara's stateroom - same time ( steadicam ) as tamara head for the bathroom , slip off she robe . she move to the shower curtain and we be right behind she . her hand reach up , grab the curtain , yanking it back ... nothing be there . int . lady restroom - same time - night ( efx ) as rennie enter , she eye reddene . she move to the sink , look at herself in the mirror . so much for the silk blouse and satin pants , not to mention she soak hair . rennie run some warm water , rinsing she face . when she start to fill she hand a second time , blood pour out the faucet instead of water . rennie gasp , jerk up and see young jason reflected on the other side of the mirror , splashing in water . rennie it 's not real , it 's not real ... int . tamara's shower - same time as water from the shower head splashes camera for a beat before tamara turn it off . another angle as tamara reach for she robe , slip it on . her body paint have be wash off . she step from the shower , glance in she vanity mirror and seeing the real jason reflected in it . tamara spin around , look face to face with jason in her bathroom . just as she scream : int . lady restroom - same time ( efx ) Young Jason reach out to grab rennie , he fist crashing through the mirror . right when rennie scream : int . tamara's bathroom - same time the real Jason shatter tamara's vanity mirror with he fist . he grab a sharp chunk of it , advance on a whimper tamara . tamara please ... please do not ... Jason raise the shard above she and just as she shriek ... close up - steam whistle of ship as it blast loudly in the bleak stormy night . it begin to rain . ext . lady restroom - night as rennie come rush out , right into the arm of . Sean . she cling to he , sobbing as the rain fall over they . sean it 's okay ... you be go to be okay . rennie I want to go home . I want off this ship . after a moment ... sean I too. ( beat ) let 's go talk to my dad . he put he arm around she , lead she toward the bridge . int . bridge - night as wind and rain pummel the bridge window .. Admiral Robertson turn to he Chief engineer . admiral robertson let 's kick in the stablilizer , Mr. carlson , and get the seas off the quarter . this kid be in for one hell of a storm . chief engineer yes Sir . activate comfort cruise mode . the Chief engineer move to a bank of toggle switch , flipping a row of they . tight on navigational chart wall - same time as a bloodstain hand silently remove the rusty harpoon hang above the map . admiral robertson get a reflective look in he weary eye . admiral-robertson how old you boy now , carlson ? chief engineer nineteen month . admiral robertson a tremendous age . take some advice from a salty old man : do not push he too hard . the Chief engineer nod with a sympathetic smile as the Admiral step off the bridge , onto the stormy deck , contemplate the sea . the Chief engineer move to the radio / intercom console . he lift a telephone , punch in a three digit number . push in tight on he face . chief engineer this be the bridge . approach weather suggest we secure the main deck and ... his sentence be sharply cut off , he head jerk from excruciate , instant pain . his mouth contort with word no one will ever hear as he stare into the face of : jason hold the opposite end of the harpoon . he shove it forward with one more staccato jerk and : close up - chief engineer' back -- the harpoon 's bloody , corrode tip pierce through he once - white uniform . admiral robertson return to the bridge as lightning flash outside . admiral robertson better have they doublecheck the lifeboat station as well ... Admiral Robertson stop cold upon the sight of Mr. carlson . he hurry over to he , kneel down , freezing as a pair of muddy feet enter frame . Admiral Robertson bend he neck upwards to face : jason hover over he , now clutching one of the scale knife . int . bridge corridor - night as Sean and rennie walk up the corridor lead to the bridge . rennie can he really take we home ? sean not complete a voyage be against everything he stand for . but I think I can convince he to call a Coast Guard cutter for you . rennie what about you ? sean if I go with you , he will never speak to I again . ( beat ) but I be never go to live up to he expectation anyway ... so maybe it 's the right thing to do . he 's make a big decision . Sean take she hand as they walk on . there point of view move closer and closer to the bridge door , have not the slight inclination of what 's in store for they . sean knock on the bridge door . no answer . he 's confuse . he push the door open but something be block it . Sean put he weight into it , shove hard . int . bridge as the door slide open , Sean step inside . his eye roil downward upon see the dead chief engineer , the harpoon protruding from he bloody chest . sean oh Jesus ... dad ?? Sean look over at the helm ... where he father be still sit in the swivel chair , he back to they . Silent . Sean sidestep the Chief engineer 's corpse , move toward he father as rennie remain freeze in shock . sean's point of view slowly walk toward Admiral Robertson ... at least he think it 's he dad because he 's unable to see he face . be it Jason now wear the uniform ?? when he 's about two foot away from he ... sean reach out and swivel the chair around . it be he father but he throat have be slit . Sean stagger backwards , uncomprehend , he sense overload . we move with he until he 's back into rennie , clutching onto he tightly . sean he 's ...he 's dead ... int . corridor outside rennie' stateroom - same time as miss Van deusen step up to rennie 's door , gently knock . miss van deusen ronnie ? I just come by to see how you be feel ... no answer . she knock harder ... and it creak open , unlock . miss van deusen rennie ...? suddenly the door be jerk from she grasp and swing open . mcculloch be stand on the other side of it . mcculloch I think I tell you to stay away from she . miss van deusen ( hold she ground ) where be she ? mccullocb ( accuse ) that 's a very good question and I would appreciate a answer . a loud buzzer blare out of a intercom speaker next to they head , cause the teacher to both jump . Sean 's unsteady voice immediately follow . sean ( v.o. ) attention everybody , attention . this be Sean Robertson ... ext . swimming pool - same time mile be toweling off under the shelter of a gazebo as Sean 's voice blare out of a rain - pound megaphone speaker nearby . sean ( v.o. ) there 's be ... ( swallow ) what I mean be , this be a emergency ... mile know he can not be joke around . Wayne come walk by , cover he camcorder with he jacket . wayne mile -- have you see j.j .? she be suppose to be jam down in the power room but ... mile gesture for he to be quiet , listen very worriedly . sean ( v.o. ) repeat , this be a emergency ... int . gym locker - same time as julius and two other senior boy finish dress after a shower , hearing Sean 's word reverberate around they . sean ( v.o. ) I want everybody to meet on the bridge ... julius what the fuck be this ? the other shrug , concerned . ext . shuffleboard court - same time the wooden shuffleboard disk be drown in precipitation . Eva stand alone in the rain , stare at the court as Sean 's voice continue . sean ( v.o. ) stay calm , but get here as quick as possible . walk with a friend if you can ... Eva wipe the rain from she face , then walk away . int . bridge - on sean try he best to keep it together . he glance at he dead father , still unable to believe it . sean ( v.o. ) God , I wish this be a joke , but it 's not . Sean slowly put down the phone . he 's lose in a daze . suddenly the ship lurch , a huge swell splashing the bridge window . Admiral Robertson 's body fall from the swivel chair . rennie what be happen ??? Sean regains he balance , move to the computer console , look at the omega and loran like he 's never see they before . sean I do not know ... we have go off course or something ... rennie what do you mean ??? another wave hammer the bow . she 's in a state of awful panic . sean I do not know what I mean ! all 's I know be that there 's no one guide this ship anymore ... Sean be start to lose it . the fear of the ocean guide she , rennie rush to he , grip and shaking he . rennie can not you call for help ?? Sean try to get a grip and assess the situation , pace frenetically . sean I think so . but we have to lower the anchor so we do not drift any further ... rennie where be they ? sean the bow ... front of the ship . there 's a hoist on each side that lower they she start to exit . sean I do not mean for you to go ! rennie just radio for help , okay ??? she hurry out the door , work on terror-induced adrenaline . Sean rush to the radio console , depress the key button , speak into the mike . sean mayday , mayday , mayday ... another angle as julius arrive with the other from the locker room . they react to the dead body while Sean continue at the radio . sean please ... can anybody out there hear I ?? no response . wayne and mile rush in . mile Sean , what 's go on ? then he see the corpse . he need no further answer . wayne Jesus Christ ... he 's too scared to even videotape it . Sean be bombard with question as he try to figure out the radio . julius who do this , man ? wayne be the radio even work ?? mile be not there some international s.o.s. thing you can do ??? sean ( suddenly remember ) Channel 16 ... the distress frequency ... ( dial knob ) mayday , mayday , mayday ... this be the princess Ruby . please , somebody answer ... ext . ocean - night ( stock ) as a coast guard cutter track through stormy seas . radio officer ( v.o. ) this be Coast Guard cutter Dallas . what be the nature of you problem , Ruby ? int . bridge - on sean and other as they hear the voice , reacting , relieved and thrilled . sean the Captain and Chief engineer ... they have be ... they be dead . radio officer ( filter v.o. ) ( a grave - pause ) what be you location ? sean I ... I do not know ... radio officer ( filter v.o. ) be you ship equip with omega satellite navigation or loran ? sean yes ... radio officer ( filter v.o. ) the loran have a digital printout of you latitude and longitude . give I the coordinate and we will be there as quick as we can . Sean hurry to the loran , read the number . ext . deck - radio antenna - same time ( efx ) as lightning strike above it in the night sky . camera slowly adjust to find the radio antenna cable . a second later , jason's hand reach for it , getting a firm grasp . int . bridge - same time as Sean hurry back to the radio , press it against he spitless mouth . sean I have get the number . radio officer ( filter v.o. ) give I the degree first , follow by minute and sec ... suddenly he voice be CUT off , follow by static . sean hello ? be you there ?? no response . a lump sink into everyone 's throat . ext . deck - radio antenna as Jason drop the cable he 's just tear out , march onward . ext . bridge - night as mcculloch burst onto the bridge , follow by miss Van deusen . mcculloch I demand to know what be go on ... miss van deusen oh dear God ... she 's see the body . mcculloch follow she glance , pale . he quickly take charge , push through the student . mcculloch where 's the radio ? sean it 's ... dead . deck hand ( o.s. ) you be all go to die . all head spin as the derange deck hand tread out from a shadowy corridor . deck hand you be the last one . he 's come back for you . mcculloch what be you talk about ? the deck Hand take a final swig from he flask , drop it with unsteady hand . deck hand Jason voorhee . there be a collective , disconcert silence trigger by the infamous name . mcculloch you be insane , old man . Jason voorhee have be dead for over thirty year . deck hand he walk this ship , here and now . mcculloch a killer walk this ship indeed . and it 's certainly none of we ... the craze old man get he drift . everyone look at he suspiciously . mcculloch grab a scaling knife off the wall , take a step towards he . deck hand you be the one who 's insane !! the rave man flee back the way he come . mcculloch raise the flare gun ; miss Van deusen grab mcculloch 's arm , stop he . miss van deusen what be you do ?? mcculloch that lunatic have be spout off about Jason since we board ... ( eyeing body ) it 's no coincidence . miss van deusen but that do not prove that he 's the one ! mcculloch walk corpse be not real ! julius yeah , well this dead body be sure enough real . ( to the other ) I say we regroup and find this motherfucker before he find we . there 's a murmur ; it make sense . mcculloch you will do no.such thing and watch you mouth , young man ! I be in charge here ! they all look at mcculloch defiantly . julius School 's out , mcculloch . ( to the other ) let 's go . julius walk off the bridge ; all the senior follow except Sean . miss van deusen please everybody , stay here !! they do not listen . mcculloch start to go after they ... and then it hit he : mcculloch Christ ... where 's rennie ?? sean she 's ... she 's drop the anchor . I think the Coast Guard could find we easier if ... mcculloch what ?? you send she out there with a murderer run around loose ?? ext . deck - night as rennie move past wet , empty lounge chair towards the bow . she pass a row of translucent window . the first three be normal ... but the fourth have the silhouette of jason on its opposite side . he begin to stride parallel to she , then disappear when the window end and a wall take over . int . bridge corridor - night as julius and he follower continue on , pass Eva , who 's come up from a staircase . she stop Wayne . eva what 's go on ? I hear on the p.a. system that ... wayne ( interrupt ) the Captain 's be murder . the buzz be that Jason might be on board . eva Jason ... voorhee ? she know the legend as weld as everybody else . Wayne nod gravely , move to catch up with the other . Eva rush up to he again . eva have you see tamara ? wayne no . and I be not lose any sleep over it . eva but she might be in trouble ... wayne so what else be new ? ( beat ) look Eva , you be ask the wrong dude to feel sorry for tamara mason . Wise up -- it 's not hip to be she friend . eva I do not care about be hip anymore . she mean it . Wayne nod with understanding . wayne I be sorry , but I have gotta find j.j. he hurry on . ext . bow - night as rennie appear , fight the wind and rain to get closer to the anchor hoist . point of view through deck window - same time -- spying on rennie like a wolf watch a lamb . we move a few window down , get a better view of she . reverse angle - on jason decide that the time be right to strike . his hand move to the bow entrance door knob , slowly turn it , pull it open . ext . bow - on rennie move closer to the right anchor hoist , she back to we as well as Jason . she climb behind the hoist , look at the console . then suddenly a bark . rennie Toby ? she turn , catch a glimpse of she dog run down the side of the deck . rennie leave the hoist , go after Toby . jason's point of view through the crack in the door , watch rennie unexpectedly take off . he 's about to move after she when ha hear : eva ( o.s. ) tamara ? be you around here anywhere ? Jason quietly close the door . rennie will have to wait . int . corridor - tracking with eva as she cautiously walk along , poke she head in every alcove . eva tamara ? jason's point of view move down the same corridor , catch a glimpse of Eva before she turn a corner and disappear . int . hallway / tamara's stateroom - moving with eva ( steadicam ) Eva step into the hallway outside tamara 's stateroom . she walk up to tamara 's door , knock on it . it swing open , unlock . eva tamara ? ( no response ) I just want to talk with you . she step into tamara 's room and we go in with she . the quarter be empty . Eva stand there for a beat , confuse and scared . she 's about to leave when a creaking SOUND cause she to look back at : the bathroom door it slowly swing open ... splash Eva 's eye with grotesque multi-image of tamara : she be hanging on the door hook , her body pin - cushioned with a dozen mirror srard . eva shriek , run back out the door ... int . stateroom hallway ... and slide to a abrupt halt because jason be stand at the end of the hallway . he move toward Eva like a bulldozer . she turn a rapid 180 and sprint in retreat . running with eva ( hand held ) gasp for oxygen , Eva have no time to even scream as she flee from the monster , erratically turn down a spiral staircase and run on . jason's point of view ( steadicam ) chase after she with the smooth determination of a shark , never let she get too far in the lead . int . bowel of ship - on eva empty for a second , then Eva appear , weaving she way through a maze of corridor and passageway . she race past a sign direct passenger to " club ruby . " angle - jason -- enter the same corridor a beat after Eva exit it in the direction of the disco . he trample onward . int . corridor / DISCO ( steadicam ) the thudding low frequency of a mesmerize dance tune precede Eva as she tear open a door , enter the corridor . move backward with her as she rush forward , curving through the shallow passageway and empty out onto a high tech DISCO floor . a flash Star Wars lighting system assault she all direction along with the music . she 's all alone in here . tight on eva the light strobing across she face only accentuate she terror . she spot another door on a small stage , rush to it . it 's lock . crooked angle - entrance door as Jason enter the corridor , slamming the door shut behind he . eva decide this be the wrong place to be . she move for the corridor again and : jason appear on the corridor step for a brief second . the spotlight go black , then flash on again . now he 's go . eva back away , slide along the edge of the dance floor like she 's on a building ledge . chaser light and mirror ball fondle she body as she move as far away from the point where she last see he . but : jason illuminate only ten foot from she , a crimson strobe assault he hockey mask . she 's on a collision course with he . eva whirl dizzily to the center of the dance floor upon the sight of he . camera spin with she in 360 degree arc , pushing in on she face . eva' point of view spiraling counter - clockwise on the dance floor , flash of Jason materialize where she least expect to see he . and get closer . finally at the point of exhaustion : eva stop , look everywhere . eva' point of view he seem to be go . she catch she breath ... then sense he presence , she revolve a half - turn to face : the hockey mask explode under a pin spotlight , stand directly before she . his forearm recoil with lightning speed as he grip she throat ... wide shot - DISCO thunder music . frantic light . and Jason and Eva at the center of it all . her feet be twenty -four inches off the ground , kicking madly as the life be be choked out of her . finally Eva 's leg go rag doll limp . Jason fling she to the ground like a sack of flour . this dance be over . ext . deck - night rennie appear again , scan she no-visibility surroundings . rennie Toby ? where would you go ? no sign of she dog . she remember she mission , head to the anchor again . ext . bow - continuous as rennie arrive on the bow , climb into the leave hoist box behind the huge anchor cable . stalking point of view move up to the bow door like Jason do before , crack it open , see rennie from behind . and move towards she . rennie be oblivious as she read the direction above the control . insert - hoist lever ( second unit ) as rennie 's hand grab it , shove it forward . insert - GREEN hoist button ( second unit ) a moment later , she thumb find it and depress it . insert - anchor chain ( second unit ) as the massive black chain link thunder to life . stalking point of view he 's now within ten foot of the unaware girl . rennie remain in the hoist box , make certain it be operate correctly . a second later , we see the fleeting outline of a human shape appear behind she . stalking point of view Three foot from rennie . she spin around to climb out of the hoist box and gasp . reverse angle she 's face mcculloch . he immediately reach past she , yanking the lever back to its center position , and : the anchor chain ( second unit ) grind to a halt . return to shot as mcculloch face she , angrily grab rennie 's arm , shouting over the storm . mcculloch you have I worried to death ! rennie but Sean say ... mcculloch I be the one you should be listen to ! do you think drop a anchor in the middle of a storm make any sense whatsoever ? she try to find some defense , but mcculloch lead she off before any ward come forth . close up - exercise mat as a pair of skeet rifle , three FIRE axe , a flare gun and several pool cue be dumped onto the foam padded plastic . int . exercise room - night where julius have gather he small group of vigilante , include mile and Wayne . julius I manage to scrounge this shit from the game room and hallway . grab what you want . Wayne take one of the rifle ; mile grab the axe . wayne what be you take , julius ? julius ( flexe fist ) nothin' . wayne ( dead serious ) we be talk the possibility of Jason voorhee here . julius pause . he 's not stupid . julius nothin ' but this gun . he reach down , pick up the other rifle . and they move . int . stateroom hallway / rennie' room - night as mcculloch guide he niece down the hallway , swinging she door open . rennie can not we at least talk about it ? mcculloch I refuse to discuss this ridiculous notion that a ghoul be terrorize this ship . rennie but what about the drown boy I have be see ? he avoid eye contact . mcculloch take she hand , ushere she across the threshold . she 's stand inside she room now ; he 's in the hallway . mcculloch whatever you have be ... imagine ... have nothing to do with Jason voorhee . ( pause ) I want you to be safe , rennie . that 's all I care about . rennie I be not stay in my room , uncle Charles . mcculloch this be not a request . he close the door on she face , pull out a key , lock the dead bolt . she pound on it from the other side . rennie ( o.s. ) uncle Charles ! he ignore she , briskly walk away . int . rennie' stateroom - same time as she throw she fist against the door a final time , realize it 's futile . int . power room - night steam continue to seep from the maze of criss-crossing pipe . Wayne appear on one of the catwalk . he 's hold the skeet rifle under one arm , use the sun gun off he video camera to guide he . wayne j.j. -- you down here ? closer angle as Wayne carefully let he light guide he down the precarious walkway . a unexpected blast of steam scare the crap out of he , cause he to stumble . insert - wayne's glass ( second unit ) -- they slip off the bridge of he nose , skitter down through the catwalk and pipe to God know where . wayne lie helplessly on the metal grid work , realize he bleak predicament have just be square . he pull himself to a stand position again . wayne we get a major problem , Wayne . wayne's blurry point of view his vision now give he shadow and shape rather than crisp image . he raise the gun and continue unsteadily forward . point of view through grid work as Wayne inch forward . camera slowly pan into a profile of jason , watch he from a catbird seat . wayne take another step , almost trip on a set of stair lead down to the next level . and when he arrive there ... wayne's blurry point of view ...a large figure step out , holding what appear to be a knife . wayne instantly raise the rifle and fire ... wayne's blurry point of view ... and the body go down . he 's hit he ! wayne stand there , breathe some relief . he get a idea , look through he camcorder eyepiece . Wayne begin to adjust the eyepiece diaptor . wayne's point of view ( B &amp ; w/ viewfinder matte ) as the figure on the ground slip in and out of focus , finally become crisp . wayne have shot a crew member -- the same good look one tamara and Eva ogle earlier . he 's hold a screwdriver from he waist band tool set , not a knife . wayne slowly lower he camera as he heart rise into he throat . wayne no ... he raise he camcorder again , hope a second view will reveal a dead Jason rather than this young man . wayne's point of view ( B &amp ; w/ viewfinder matte ) he get half he wish : a hockey mask now fill he frame ... but Jason be far from dead . Wayne catch a split - second glimpse of Jason 's fist come towards he , then the camera be knocked from he eye and the world become dark and blurry . wayne scream , blindly run as fast as he can . he trip , pick himself up , stumbling down the catwalk stair . Wayne make it about ten foot before he stumble over something , bring with it a harsh strum from a electric guitar . angle - wayne's feet sure enough , he leave shoe be rest on the pickup of a blood-streaked Gibson Flying V. tight on wayne -- sprawle out on the metal floor . he grope around , he hand feel something . it send chill from he groin up through he scalp . wayne no no no ... reverse angle Wayne 's hand be touch j.j.' bloody face , a large crack in her skull . he do not have time to scream or cry because jason hoist he off of j.j. 's body and fling he into : the ship circuit panel ( efx ) which short out with a fanfare of electrical SPARKS and FIRE , instantly frying wayne . int . bridge - same time as the overhead light briefly flicker , then resume normal operation . Sean stand opposite the navigational chart , ping -pong between it and the ship 's computer as miss Van deusen pace nervously . miss van deusen what be that ?? sean ( very worried ) I do not know . miss van deusen ( try not to panic ) what happen if we do not get control of the ship , Sean ? I want you to tell I the truth . sean ( beat ) we could hit a reef , collide with another ship ... we could be out here for week before anybody spot we . they be suddenly jolted with a door slam as mcculloch storm onto the bridge . miss van deusen do you find rennie ? mcculloch she 's lock safe in she room , no thanks to either of you . ( like Sean be not even in the room ) have he bring it back on course yet ? Sean do not look at he , still try to assimilate the wall of component . miss van deusen he 's do the best he can , Charles . mcculloch he 's the son of the Captain , for chrissake . you would think he would be able to operate this thing ! Sean close he eye , try to keep from lose he mind and temper . a fierce wave slap the window in front of Sean 's face , motivate he to get he shit together . he check the omega and loran . mcculloch well ? Sean do not answer , move to the seat behind the helm . his father 's seat . Sean take the chair , adjust the wheel , watch the compass . he study a series of button on the console . close up - wall of button we pan across they , stop on one label " FIRE alarm - do not break except in case of emergency . " camera continue around to find we be in the power room , not on the bridge . we vision suddenly land on jason , stare at the alarm button , consider . he glance back over he shoulder . jason's point of view ( efx ) Wayne 's body be now on FIRE ... and the blaze be spread through the room . int . bridge - same time as Sean make up he mind , flipping several toggle switch . insert - auto pilot computer as Sean flip the last toggle and a green light illuminate , indicate the auto pilot be in effect . return to shot sean it work ... we be back on course ! Sean feel he confidence instantly rejuvenate . miss Van deuten immediately embrace he . but a fraction of time later : tight on FIRE alarm button Jason 's fist smashes the alarm button ... int . bridge - continuous ... and a loud siren cry out across the entire vessel . the blood drain from Sean 's face . mcculloch what 's that ? sean the fire alarm ... various angle on board ship - night as the shriek alarm assault the main deck , hallway and corridor , give julius , mile and Wayne deep pause for think . int . rennie' stateroom - same time as the alarm bombard rennie 's ear like everybody else 's . she hurry to she curtain porthole window , work up the energy to look outside . rennie get a grip on they , flinging they OPEN . the deck hand' craze face be gazing back at her . rennie scream ; a second later he hurry off . int . bridge - night as mcculloch tear open a cabinet door label emergency flare gun . the siren continue to blast . mcculloch can you shut that damn thing off ?? Sean move to a bank of switch , he eye darting around for the appropriate switch . miss Van deusen see mcculloch remove the flare gun from the cabinet . miss van deusen we already think of that -- nobody could possibly see it in this storm ... mcculiach there 's only one person who need to see it . and I be go to find he . miss van deusen what about the fire ?? mcculloch I doubt very much that one even exist . miss van deusen what be you talk about ? mcculloch use some common sense ! setting off a fire alarm cause panic ... the same kind of panic cause by suggest Jason voorhee be on board . ( resolve ) enough be enough . he march out the door . Sean find the alarm kill switch , flipping it . the excruciate siren vanish . he grab a pair of rain jacket , toss one to miss Van deusen . sean we have to get everybody together just in case the fire 's for real . Sean head for the door , shove it forward . ext . deck - on door as it slam open ... and julius step out , not Sean , from a different deck door . track with he as he tread along the side of the ship , skeet rifle raise . julius ' point of view walk past the lifeboat station , the wind and precipitation batter the small boat . with no warning , a obscure figure leap out , gripping a axe . julius shove the gun stock into he shoulder and take instantaneous aim ... but he do not shoot . he slowly lower the rifle . another angle as mile lower the axe . they have just scared the shit out of each other . mile I will take the upper deck . julius nod . they separate . neither boy notice the smoke which be start to emerge from a deck vent ... int . power room - night ( efx ) fill with black smoke . the fire be spread dangerously close to a series of hose attach to a fuel pump , lead to tank below . a sign over they read : danger - fuel tank . ext . deck pool - night -- steaming and far from calm as the weather blitzes it . mile appear , climb a ladder to the upper deck level . point of view through ladder someone be spying on mile from below , watch he every step . ext . upper deck - continuous as mile arrive , axe raise . he pause to regard he surroundings , then move on . rack focus to find jason right behind he , have follow mile up the stair . another angle only darkness and rain for a beat , then mile materialize , curving around the gargantuan smokestack . he pass we and we swing around , now look at the back of he head . he take three more step and jason step into the foreground . mile sense he presence and jerk around , raising the axe , bring it down on jason's head ... ... but Jason easily grab the axe handle before it make contact , fling it away . ext . lower deck - on julius he 's pace along when a clatter noise from above make he stop . suddenly mile ' axe thud into the mahogany deck next to he foot . julius gaze at it , jerk he head upward . julius mile ?? his answer be a loud crack of lightning . at the same time : running with mile he 's scramble as fast as he can across the slippery deck as the monster relentlessly pursue he . jason's point of view he 's have no problem catch up to the defenseless teenager . ext . deck stair - same time as julius zoom up they to aid he comrade . ext . radar mast - night as mile slide up to the mast and begin scale it . he glance downward and see : mile ' point of view Jason be right at he heel . mile slip on a rung , regains control , and continue upward . he make it three more step , almost at the uppermost point when jason grab the back of he coat , tearing he off the mast . stunt freefall mile cry out as he freefalls backward , somersault and twist like he 's do one of he better dive ... close up - mile ' face ... empty space for a half - second , then mile ' face jolt into frame with a look of ultimate agony . something have abruptly stop he fall . something quite fatal . ext . deck - on julius come around a corner , stop dead in he track , he stomach wrenching as he eye fall on : mile ( efx ) ... who be stare right back at he with dead pupil . mile have be horribly impale om a ship flagpole . julius do not get the chance to grasp the reality of it because jason's hand grip he shoulder , spin he around and slug he squarely in the face . the force of it send the boxer reeling backward off the railing ... ext . stormy ocean ( tank ) ... and julius splashes into the rough sea . he 's quickly swallow by the torrential water . int . rennie' stateroom - night as rennie 's hand jiggle she doorknob again , confirm that it 's lock tight . rise to find she desperate face ; she begin furiously pace and we dolly behind her ... but rennie stop cold upon hearing : young jason ( o.s. ) hhhhelp ....me.... rennie whirl into a close up , stare with disbelief at : young jason ( efx ) ... who be stand on the oval rug in she stateroom , he hand reach out to she . but then come the inexplicable : the oval rug turn into lake water and jason sink into it . he 's drown in the middle of she room , choke on murky water . young jason hhhhelp I .... I be drown ... rennie stand freeze , feel herself draw to he like a magnet . she crawl to the edge of she rug , which be now a deep lake , and extend she arm to he . young jason grab she hand , pull hard , then grin wide . rennie feel the skin on she face crawl off she skull , she eye expand because she 's now look at : herself ! rennie be hold onto herself , about four year young in a bathing suit , drown in the lake . young rennie . young rennie hhhhelp ....me.... rennie scream with guttural fear , let go of herself , watch she young self drow in the hole in she room . young rennie disappear under the surface of the water ... which second later change back into her oval rug . new angle as rennie move away , tear roll down she face , utterly confuse . she back against the wall next to she porthole window and the real jason's fist smashes through the window , grabbing her throat . rennie struggle , gasp for air as he attempt to strangle she . close on rennie' hand grop for a weapon to stop he , she finger skitter across she table like a spider . two shot - rennie and jason her head be pull taut against the wall just below the porthole , with Jason 's hideous mask frame in the circular shattered window . she 's slowly die . close on rennie' hand her movement slow as the oxygen leave she system . but rennie 's finger miraculously find a recognizable object : the ink-dip pen give to she by miss Van deusen . she seize it , get a firm grip . close on jason as rennie jab the pen backward , sending the sharp instrument through the eyehole of he mask . Jason instantly release she , reeling backwards . rennie sink to the floor , scramble on all four to get as far away from the porthole as possible . she make it across the room to she stateroom door just as : the door be slammed OPEN from the other side . she shriek in terror but it 's sean who be stand there . sean rennie ...?? rennie ( point ) the window ... Sean rush to the shattered porthole , look out , see nothing . he step back to she . rennie I do not understand what be happen to I ... she break down ; he hold she . sean it 's gonna be okay ... int . power room - night ( efx ) ... but Sean could not be more wrong . the flame be lap at the fuel pump and hose , furiously burn down into the tank . a second later the whole thing explode in a ball of FIRE . ext . ship hull - underwater ( efx / model ? ) as a huge hole be blow through the thick steel hull : int . rennie' stateroom - same time the ship noticeably rock from the explosion . rennie cling to he fearfully . rennie what be it ?? one second later , the light begin to flicker . sean the power room ... int . power room - same time ( efx ) as huge amount of water rush in from a gape hole in the hull . int . ship kitchen - same time as the overhead light flicker over mcculloch . there 's some fear mix with the anger as he grip he flare gun , move onward . pont of view from kitchen oven someone be crouch behind a massive convection oven , spying on mcculloch . mcculloch almost flinch when the light die and he 's plunge into blackness . he move forward , every step tentative . he pass the convection oven and we remain on they , spot the frighten face of the deck hand in the shadow . the derange old man be very sober now , clutching a large kitchen knife for defense . int . rennie' stateroom - same time Sean pace feverishly in the blackness of she room , try to think , talk to himself . sean rule one , do not panic . rule two , assess the damage and act accordingly ... rennie be the ship go to sink ?? he return to rennie , the panic settling back in . sean I do not know . her ultimate fear be stare she straight in the face . suddenly the dim blue light flicker on . sean the emergency light just kick in ... Sean make rennie look into he eye . his word be mean to convince himself as much as rennie . sean we will be okay . I want you to wait by the lifeboat , just in case . rennie ( terrify ) I be not go near any lifeboat ! sean but rennie ... rennie I be not !! int . ship restaurant room - same time as miss Van deusen gather a handful of student who be panic , sit they down . miss van deusen everybody wait right here until I come back with the other -- understand ? they nod , frighten to death . she dash away , carry we into a view of the dining room window . no one notice the silhouette of jason pass by on the outside desk . int . engine room - same time ( efx ) Sea water be pour into the ship 's motor . Cloud of steam and black smoke fill the room as the engine bearing begin to grind . int . ship hallway - same time as mcculloch rush up to rennie 's already open door , cautiously enter with flare gun raise . mcculloch rennie ?? mcculloch' point of view the room be empty , shard of the porthole glass scattered across she rug . he step over to it , bring he head up to the gape hole , peer outside . we wait for he attack ... but it do not come . mcculloch 's eye take we to something across the room . the bathroom door be afar . mcculloch cautiously step up to the door , silently grab the knob and swinging it OPEN . it 's empty . he hear something , spin around . again , nothing be there . mcculloch quickly move to the telephone and dial . a few second pass . mcculloch come on , answer !! int . bridge - same time tight on the bridge telephone , ringing repeatedly . rise to find jason , ignore the phone , scrutinize the deck below through rain-streaked window . jason's point of view miss Van deusen be darting across the deck , gather up a trio of terrify senior . return to shot Jason methodically move to the bank of switch , study they . insert - console in large , unmistakable letter over a red button be the word " abandon ship alarm . " he flip back the plastic safety cover , expose the button . int . bowel of ship - same time a horrible grind sound echoe through the narrow corridor . Sean and rennie appear at the opposite end , cough on the black smoke which cloud they passageway . Sean look down , see that they be stand in a puddle of water . sean Water have get to the engine . ( cough ) we have to get everybody off this ship ... insert - abandon ship button as Jason press it with firm deliberation , and : int . bowel of ship - continuous a whooping siren blast through the passageway . Sean and rennie have no time to react because : angle - corridor ( efx ) a seal compartment door explode OPEN with the pressure of sea water ... reverse angle ( efx ) ... and a wall of water engulf . rennie and sean , knocking they down . Sean fight to pull she up , but not in time for she to witness : wayne's charree corpse ( efx ) which bob up in front of she . rennie cry out , scramble to grab onto Sean as what 's leave of Wayne 's body wash past they . ext . deck - night as a door open and miss Van deusen guide a half - dozen senior over to the lifeboat station . miss van deusen ( shouting over storm ) everybody climb in ! they follow she order as the abandon ship alarm wretch on . but little do they know that : stalking point of view someone be briskly move towards the group and miss Van deusen . just as we be within a few foot of she ... reverse angle -- it 's mcculloch who 's approach they . he grab miss Van deusen , shaking she violently . mcculloch what do you do with rennie ?? miss van deusen nothing ! I go to she cabin and ... mcculloch rush off before she can finish . miss Van deusen turn back to the other kid , help they into the boat . miss van deusen everybody hurry ... please ... ext . deck - close on mahogany decking - same time we slowly dolly backward until mile ' axe come into frame , still stick in the mahogany decking . a beat , then jason's halal dislodges it from the wood . int . corridor - night as Sean climb up from below , soak to the bone , pull up a half - conscious rennie . Sean carry she around a corner , where he collide with mcculloch . mcculloch pull rennie away from he . mcculloch she never should have set foot on this ship . this be you fault ! sean this be Jason 's fault ! mcculloch ( shouting ) not another word , do you hear I ?? ext . lifeboat station - night as miss Van deusen throw the " down " lever and the lifeboat hoist begin to lower the boat . camera slowly creep in a semi - circle as a silhouetted figure step into a pool of light behind her . jason . angle - lifeboat one of the student scream , the other cling together upon the sight of this infamous monster . but the boat be already over the edge , past the point of return . and lowering at a snail 's pace . miss van deusen turn to see jason approaching they with axe raised . she back away but Jason ignore she , head directly for the hoist . he arch back with he weapon and slice downward . insert - hoist cable ( second unit ) as Jason 's axe chop the cable in two , and : ext . ship / ocean ( tank ) the bow cable snap , dumping the half dozen teenager into the turbulent salt water . they last about five second before succumb to a drown death . miss van deusen see it all , she intestine constrict in agonizing knot . she summon all she rationale and send it down to she leg , run away as fast as she can . miss van deusen' point of view -- knock down deck table , chair and chaise lounge as she flee . the creative write teacher swerve around a column , head for a interior door , slide to a stop as it bang OPEN in front of her . mcculloch step outside , carry rennie , with Sean right behind she . rennie be conscious now , squirming free of she uncle upon the sight of miss Van deusen . angle to include all as rennie rush into miss Van deusen 's arm . the teacher hold she , beginning to cry herself . mcculloch why be not you with the other , woman ?? finally the message come forth : miss van deusen Jason ...he have a axe ... his face grow taut with anger . mcculloch Jason voorhee be dead !! a primal scream of agony immediately cry out behind they , the word unintelligible . they turn around to witness the deck hang staggering toward they , gripping the kitchen knife . mcculloch raise the flare gun with zero hesitation and fire it ... angle - deck hand ( efx ) ... and the charge explode into he chest . he stand there with he chest smolder , almost like a gargoyle in effigy . a second later the poor old man fall forward , and : close on he back ( efx ) they all see that jason be axe have be buried in he back . return to master mcculloch gaze with utter disbelief . mcculloch dear Christ ... sean we have to get off this ship !! they back away from the horrid sight and begin to run , the abandon ship alarm still attack they ear . ext . lifeboat station - night as mcculloch , miss Van deusen , rennie and Sean scramble to the close lifeboat . sean everybody in -- I will get the hoist mcculloch have no time for politeness , move to the lifeboat ahead of the woman . rennie stop cold , gaze classy - eye at the small boat . miss van deusen come on , sweetheart -- get in ... but she do not budge . mcculloch level wild eye on she , quickly climb back down . mcculloch get in the boat , rennie ! rennie I ... I can not ... mcculloch ( shaking she ) you can and you will !! he try to slap she out of it , drag she over to the boat , ignore she terror-stricken frenzy . sean stop it !! miss van deusen leave she alone , Charles ! miss Van deusen quickly move to a hysterical rennie and hold she , eyeing mcculloch vehemently . ext . deck - tight on dead deck hand - same time as rain begin to wash the blood from he back . jason's foot trudge into frame ... then he hand reach down , retrieving he axe from the deck hand' spine . ext . lifeboat station - same time as rennie cling to miss Van deusen , cry . miss van deusen it 's the only way , rennie . let 's get in the boat now , okay ? please ... for I ? rennie find herself nodd . miss Van deusen help the tremble girl up the step , a angere mcculloch right behind . int . lifeboat - continuous as rennie climb over the boat edge , recoiling at the SOUND of a snarling dog . Toby be curl up in the corner of the lifeboat , tooth bare . rennie Toby ... she climb in , move to she equally , relieved dog , mcculloch and miss Van deusen right behind she . insert - hoist button ( second unit ) as Sean jab it and the hoist motor kick in . ext . ship - wide shot ( efx ) just as a huge bolt of lightning crack over the smoke stack and upper deck . jason step out from behind it , gape down on they with frightening omnipresence . gripping the bloody axe . ext . lifeboat station - continuous Sean climb in the boat as it continue to lower . he take one look back at the ship and see : jason rapidly move down the staircase towards they . Sean 's view be CUT off as the lifeboat sink below deck level . return to shot as Sean 's eye dart around , down to the sea , up at the hoist . sean come on ... faster .... jason's point of view trample towards the hoist , about thirty foot away now . the boat have already disappear over the edge . ext . ship / stormy sea - night ( tank ) as the lifeboat continue to lower , about ten foot from make contact with the tumultuous ocean . the ship 's hull be crooked and sink . tracking with jason as he relentlessly move to the hoist cable , raise he axe . ext . ship / stormy sea ( tank ) as the ship finally touch water , and : insert - hoist cable ( second unit Jason 's axe blade chop the cable ... ext . ship / stormy sea ( tank ) ... and the hoist cable fall limply over they . Jason 's too late . Sean look up and see : jason stand by the hoist , hover over the edge . very angry . sean ( tank ) grab a oar , turn back to mcculloch . sean start row !! mcculloch take the oar as miss Van deusen hold onto rennie tightly , the girl 's eye squeeze shut . Sean look up at the ship again , and : sean's point of view Jason be none . ext . ship / stormy sea ( tank ) Sean look around with confusion as huge wave , wind and rain pummel they . sean he 's go ... point of view from water ( tank ) ... or be he ? we be move towards the lifeboat at water level , almost like a shark prepare for attack . int . lifeboat ( tank ) Sean breathes with some relief , resume he row with mcculloch . they get about three stroke apiece before : a dark figure ( tank ) lunge from under the ocean surface , grab onto Sean . everybody scream ... but it 's julius , gasp for oxygen , spitting up seawater . Sean pull he over the edge . sean it 's julius ! miss Van deusen move to help he and we : slow dissolve to : ext . stormy ocean - wide shot - day ( second unit ) the ship be go now , the lifeboat a speck in the ocean . int . lifeboat - day ( ocean ? ) the water be less rough now , the rain replace with fog . julius have take mcculloch 's place behind a oar ; mcculloch be flanking he shiver niece with miss Van deusen . mcculloch ( miserable ) if we do not find the shore soon we be all go to die . Sean try to ignore he , keep he mind on row . miss van deusen ( unable to hide fear ) do you know where we be , Sean ? Sean pause , utterly exhaust . he think for a moment , remember he father 's gift . Sean reach into he coat pocket , remove the pocket navigational calculator . he stare at it long and hard . julius look over at he , see that Sean be on the verge of tear . he grip he shoulder . julius hey man , if I can make it , so can . you . Sean slowly nod , turn on the calculator . slow dissolve to : ext . ocean - night ( tank ) as the lifeboat row into frame , the water relatively calm . int . lifeboat - night ( tank ) mcculloch , rennie and miss Van deusen be asleep , Sean and julius row on sheer will power . Sean take one more stroke , feel himself pass out , then regains he coherence again . julius glance off the side of the ship for no particular reason , then do a doubletake . julius ' point of view ( second unit - n.y . ) they be row right past the statue of LIBERTY , illuminate in all its glory . int . lifeboat ( tank ) julius feel he eye widen and a huge smile take control of he haggard face . he tug on Sean 's sleeve , he eye never leave the monument . julius hey man , wake up ! check it out !! the other stir as well , open they eye , not sure if it 's some kind of vision or if they be genuinely here . julius God damn , we be in New York ! you do it , my man !! julius howl with delight , miss Van deusen hugging rennie as julius give Sean the high -five . Toby bark . wide shot - new york harbor - night ( second unit - n.y. ) as the lifeboat row toward the very famous skyline of Manhattan , twinkle in the near distance . we can hear the faint sound of julius sing " New York , New York , " relieved to be alive . they be go to make it . ext . empty ocean - another angle ( tank ) as the sound of julius ' voice grow fainter . the water begin to ripple ... then the top half of a hockey mask break the surface for a breath of AIR , sinking again . and swim onward . ext . cannery harbor - night as julius and Sean row the lifeboat up to a narrow barge beneath desert dock warehouse . they be not in the safest part of town by a longshot . closer angle as they climb onto the barge . rennie breathes with relief as she step off the boat . she take a final glance back at it and see : young rennie flail she arm in the water right next to the lifeboat , drown . young rennie hhhhelp ...me.... suddenly a decomposed hand reach up from below , grabbing her , dragging her under . ext . barge - on rennie she gaze in utter shock , scream : rennie no !!! they all follow she eyeline ... but the water be calm , nothing there . miss van deusen ( hold she ) it 's okay ... you be safe now ... mcculloch grit he tooth . mcculloch come on -- everybody up the ladder . he 's the first one up . Sean look at rennie , concerned , then hoist Toby up in he arm . they all begin climb the ladder . close on ladder - night as the last pair of foot disappear over the top edge of the dock . camera pan back down the rung , find the lifeboat and barge again . suddenly jason spring from the water , climbing onto the barge . he gaze up at he new surroundings , quite different from all the year he 's spend at Crystal Lake . but a item at the far end of the dock cause he the longest pause ... jason's point of view a tatter billboard over one of the warehouse advertise the new york rangers hockey team , feature a full shot of the hockey -masked goalie . jason look at it long and hard . he tear off he life preserver wit renew ambition . wide shot - barge and dock warehouse - night as Jason head up the ladder . he 's about to take Manhattan . ext . cannery warehouse district - night as we survivor head into a isolate , forebode group of dock warehouse and alley . miss van deusen there must be a phone around here somewhere . mcculloch a wonderful choice of place to dock a boat , Mr. Robertson . Sean look away , try to keep from lose he temper . predator' point of view - same time we be spying on they from behind a stack of crate as they come in we direction . wait for the right moment . return to shot as they move towards the stack of crate . without warning , a pair of gang banger jump out , both holding gun . nervous young druggy . gang ranger # 1 hand up !! gang banger # 2 do it !! all hand go up . gang banger # 2 grab mcculloch 's watch and wallet , skim through a wad of bill and credit card while # 1 keep they cover . gang banger # 2 get some good shit here , holme . gang banger # 1 ( eyeing rennie ) you get that right ... he step over to rennie , brush she hair back with the barrel of he revolver , spot the statue of Liberty pendant Sean give she . gang banger # L now be not that sweet . he tear it off she neck , pockete it . Sean angrily move toward he and gang banger #l shove the barrel against rennie 's temple . gang banger # 1 go ahead , superman . be a hero . Sean have no choice but to freeze . julius flexe he fist , but he too have gang banger # 2 's gun levele on he . mcculloch stare at the thug with obvious contempt . it do not go unnotice . gang banger # L you get a problem , dad ? mcculloch offer some rare silence , shaking a " no " to the gun-tote kid . rennie 's dog-begin to growl , back away , ready to defend she . gang banger # 1 point he barrel at Toby with zero conscience , cock back the hammer . rennie no ! she push he arm to the side just as the bullet fire ... angle - toby as the bullet tear up asphalt next to the dog 's paw . Toby sprint off into the darkness . return to shot gang banger # 1 grab rennie by the hair , brutally jerk she head back . miss van deusen please , do not hurt she ... gang banger # L hurt this princess ? ( beat ) would I do that ? they cough out laugh . gang banger # 1 look into rennie 's eye , he barrel still on she skin . gang banger # 1 you look like a party girl , princess . how would you like to go on a date with I and my friend ? if you be free , that be . more phlegm - fill laugh . he drag she away , gang banger # 2 back away with he with he gun still train on the other . gang banger # 2 you follow and we will blow she fuckin ' head off , comprende ? the other watch helplessly as rennie be abduct . julius we can not let that gang - banger get away , man ... julius start to move after they . mcculloch grab he . mcculloch you hear he ! we have to call the police julius jerk away from mcculloch 's grasp . but he know mcculloch be right . mcculloch everyone split up -- we will cover more ground that way . miss van deusen I do not think that 's such a safe idea mcculloch my niece 's life hang in the balance right now !! every second count . no more rebuttal . they hurry off . ext . gang banger be lair - night it 's a narrow passageway between warehouse ... decrepit brownstone with shattered chicken - wire window , moss grow on the brick . the gang banger appear with rennie , drag she down some concrete step . gang banger # L welcome to the casbah , princess . pan around with they as they walk through a thick blanket of steam which pour out of a factory vent . we move through the mist with they , revealing a tatter , rain - soak couch and chair , upholstery shred . a spool once use for telephone wire function as they coffee table . they splash through puddle , throw she down on the couch . another angle -- look back at the steam vent . jason appear in the billowing mist . close up - syringe as a yellowish liquid squirt out the dirty needle . widen to find gang banger # 2 hold it with transfix eye , he compadre hold a squirming rennie down on the couch , tear back she jacket to reveal a bare arm . rennie please do not ... gang banger # 1 loosen up , baby . it will feel way better if you be stone . close on jason be feet - same time amongst the slime and cigarette butt be a discard syringe . Jason pick it up . closer angle - couch just as gang banger # 2 jab rennie with the needle . gang banger # 1 wrestle off he tear leather jacket , push rennie back on the expose foam pad as he friend watch excitedly . gang banger # 1 slang we some more ' caine , jojo . we be in for a long night . gang banger # 2 run out the back way . # 1 tear open rennie 's blouse , he filthy mouth move to she neck . rennie spit in he face . he hesitates not in slapping her hard . gang banger # 1 it 's you parade , princess . can be smooth or can be rough . you choice . she close .her eye , try to blot out what 's about to happen . gang banger # 1 I think I be in love . push in on he face as he neck arch down , bring he lip toward she chest . just before contact he grunt thickly , he eye bugging out . wider angle Jason be stand right behind he , shove something into he back , out of frame . he thrust it again , bring with it one more horrific grunt from the kid . Jason go for number three and : close up - gang banger # 1's chest ( efx ) Jason 's syringe get shove completely through he , the needle stick out he front side . rennie open she eye , look into the dead boy 's face as blood drip from he mouth . he collapse in front of she , give way to a view of jason towering over her . at the same time : gang banger # 2 come around the corner . gang banger # 2 forget my money , holme ... ha stop dead in he track at the sight of Jason . gang banger # 2 who the fuck be you ? Jason pace toward he . the kid glance at he dead friend arched over the couch , quickly whipping out he .38 . gang banger # 2 you be dead , fuckhead . bang ! ... but Jason keep on come . five shot later and Jason 's still stand , easily pick up the slime ball and shove he head first into the mossy brick wall . the kid fall in a bloody heap . rennie shove gang banger # 1 off of she as Jason return he attention to she . she grab a loose brick and fling it at he , cracking he hockey mask , momentarily disorient he . rennie sprint away . ext . alley # 1 - night ( long lens ) as julius run into view , look down a menace alley , spot a phone booth . he hurry for it . predator' point of view like a cat watch a bird , we watch julius head for the booth . julius slam open the booth door , grab the receiver , punch the " operator " digit . slowly push in on he as he wait for a answer . several more ring . julius c'mon ... finally a click and muffle word from the operator . julius get I the police -- this be a emergency ... smash ! as jason's fist crash through the booth window , grabbing julius by the throat . julius grip Jason 's scaly arm with all he strength , stare at the crack hockey mask frame in the shattered window . julius summon all he strength , tear free of Jason 's grasp and run out the door . the phone be leave dangle . running with julius ( hand held ) with no apparent direction . literally run for he life . tracking with jason he 's just as quick , but smoother and more methodical . julius ' point of view ( hand held ) head up the alley , spot a fire escape , diverting he course straight for it . angle - FIRE escape as julius leap onto it , drag himself up , climb as fast as be humanly possible . angle - jason ... but Jason be - far from human , easily negotiate the wrought- iron stair and rapidly catch up . ext . rooftop - continuous as julius ' head appear , claw he way onto the tar - paper surface , run to the opposite side . a second later , jason hop up right behind he . reverse angle as julius soon learn the awful truth that the only way up be the only way down ... with the exception of a head - split freefall . no way be he gonna jump . julius turn back to Jason , raise he fist , psyching himself up for the fight of he life . he whisper to himself : julius use the combos and keep the foot light ... the fight begins , man against monster , each size the other up . Jason take the first swing , julius deftly dodging he and counter with left-right - leave combination . they have absolutely no effect . julius follow up with a round of kidney punch . again , nothing . julius find himself be force back against the ring , which in this case be the edge of the roof . he risk a glance backwards and see : julius ' point of view it 's a long , rough way down . it 's do or die time . return to scene as julius slam punch after punch into jason , force he back to the center of the rooftop , spend every last ounce of he energy in do so . he throw one more feeble punch , know it 's he last . julius take you best shot , motherfucker ... Jason gladly oblige , wind up and recoil with a punch none of we expect ... julius ' head ( efx ) get literally knock off he shoulder , cascade off the edge of the rooftop , and : angle - slanted lower roof -- the decapitate head land on a slope roof below , roll down towards street level and fall into a garbage - fill dumpster . ext . alley # 2 - night as rennie dizzily run down the alley , the effect of the drug kick in . rennie' point of view ( post efx ) blurry , disorient , erratic . suddenly a figure jump out from a corridor in front of her . return to shot it 's sean . he rush to she , sense she disorientation . sean rennie ... what would they do to you ?? rennie drug ... ( serious pause ) then Jason come . he 's here , Sean . oh Jesus . he never expect this . sean we have to find the other . together they run off . ext . alley # 3 - night ( overhead angle ) as miss Van deusen briskly walk below we , far from relaxed in this threaten environment . tracking shot she move forward , the only sound be she shoe against wet asphalt . four more step , then a dark , out of focus figure step out behind her with a gun . voice freeze . rack focus to find a uniform irish cop stand there , service revolver raise . mcculloch step out from the alcove as well , recognize miss Van deusen . mcculloch it 's okay -- she 's with I . she turn around , lowering she hand , utterly relieved . irish cop my apology , miss . my unit 's right over here . they head through a abandoned parking lot towards a concrete wall with stair ; about six foot above the wall be a upper street , where he patrol car be park . they get halfway through the lot when they hear : sean ( o.s. ) hey ! reverse angle as Sean and rennie run to join they from the alley . mcculloch rush to he niece . mcculloch rennie , thank God ... but rennie go to miss Van deusen instead . it 's a bitter pill for mcculloch . sean Jason 's here in New York . mcculloch do not be ridiculous ! miss van deusen be it true , rennie ?? she nod , unable to repress she fear . irish cop be this the lass in question ? mcculloch ( stewing ) yes . irish cop who be ... Jason ? mcculloch he 's a walk corpse , a phantasm from hell . the other stare at mcculloch angrily . miss Van deusen turn to the confuse policeman . miss van deusen I be afraid you will have some trouble believe we . irish cop so try I . ext . squad car - night park above the abandon garage , the interior dark . the cop and we heroes appear in the background , come towards it . irish cop you be right -- I find it a tall tale indeed . but you seem like honest folk so I be inclined to believe at least some of it . miss van deusen ( relieved ) thank you . the first thing we ' have to do be find julius . irish cop I be sure he will pop up soon enough . why do not you climb in the back while I radio for backup . adjust into a full shot of the back door as he swing it OPEN ... but even in this darkness , we see that it 's empty . they climb in . the cop open he driver door , and ... insert - dome light ( second unit ) the car dome light blink on , and ... angle - back seat we four survivor ' face be brightly illuminate , instantly changing to gasp and scream because : there point of view ( efx ) julius ' severe head be rest on the dash board , stare back at they !!! angle - cop reacting to they terror , see julius ' head , quickly grab the radio mike . but he have no time for a message because jason reach up from the parking lot pit below , grabbing the cop' ankle , dragging he down . the radio be still in he grasp . insert - dispatch radio ( second unit ) as the radio cord grow taut , finally snap . the irish cop 's awful yell echoe over it , silencing after a sick thud . int . squad car - continuous the foursome instantly try to flee the car , but police car have no door handle in the back . sean there be not any handle !! Cocaine flow through she vein , rennie act hyperkinetically , scratch she way over the seat just as : jason appear at the parking lot stair , stalking straight toward the car . int . squad car - continuous there be no time for escape . rennie find the ignition and fire it up , jam it into drive and stomping on the accelerator . julius ' head roll off the dash , onto the floorboard . rennie' point of view ( post efx ) her vision be still a stone one but clear enough to set she target . we come straight at the abominable creature and : wham ! ( efx ) Jason be mow down . rennie slam on the brake , jerk it into reverse and floors it again . close on jason ( efx ) as the automobile grind back over he a second time . rennie stomp on the brake pedal and the tire screech to a halt . they all take a moment to catch they breath , look out the front window ... there point of view Jason lie dead on the asphalt . for about two second . he slowly stand . rennie desperately throw it into forward again , grip the wheel and racing forward . point of view from front bumper ( stunt drive ) Jason 's stand there for one second , but the next moment he be leaping out of the way ... ext . abandoned parking lot ( stunt drive ) ... and the squad car smashes through a chain link fence , freefalling to the abandoned parking lot below . ext . alley # 3 - continuous ( stunt drive ) as the car bottom out , then swerve into a sharp right turn , racing down the alley . point of view from front bumper ( stunt drive ) as Jason appear at the end of the alley , block they retreat . int . squad car - continuous as rennie stomp the brake pedal , jerk it into reverse ... ext . alley # 3 - continuous ( stunt drive ) as she back up , change gear and race down a intersect alley . point of view from front bumper ( stunt drive ) speed towards a escape when jason pop out again ! he 's everywhere all at once ... int . squad car - continuous slamm on the disc one more time , flooring it into reverse . close on tire - continuous ( second unit ) as the squad car 's rear tire smoke and spin , finally grip pavement . point of view out rear window ( stunt drive ) as we fly backwards ... and jason appear behind they !! tight on rear view mirror -- rennie 's terrify face fill it , see that Jason be in back of they . tight on rear tire ( second unit ) as they screech to a halt one final time , rapidly rotate in the opposite direction and speed out of frame . int . squad car - continuous rennie be almost maniacal now , she knuckle white around the vinyl wheel , she foot practically mashed through the floorboard . mcculloch rennie , for God 's sake slow down !! she do not hear he , or anything for that matter . her eye remain straight ahead , never blink . rennie' point of view ( post efx ) there 's a figure stand in the distance . but it look too small to be Jason . we rush toward it , changing into slow motion just before impact . the figure be a drip wet boy with a sinister smile . young jason . ext . brick wall - a split second later ( efx ) as the front of the squad car ram the brick wall head - on , the hood bursting into flame . another angle as the front passenger door be shove open by Sean , who drag out rennie . mcculloch follow close behind , help Sean carry she away from the wreckage , over by a row of old oil drum fill with slime and rainwater . then it suddenly hit Sean ... sean miss Van deusen ... he take two step back to the car when : boom ! ( efx ) the squad car interior be engulfed in a ball of flame . rennie open she daze eye , see miss Van deusen 's body charr inside the wreckage . it 's incomprehensible . she numbly get to she foot , step towards it . something make she hesitate : she peer down at the asphalt ... ext . asphalt - rennie' point of view ( post efx ) a pool of gasoline have collect , flame dance across its glassy surface . suddenly a tiny rowboat dissolves in , not unlike the lifeboat she be so afraid of . the rowboat glide across the surface of the burn gasoline , two people riding in it . the flame and asphalt slowly fade out and give way to a serene lake . rennie' flashback - crystal lake - day shimmer water , cloud and pine tree reflect in it . the rowboat float into view . the two occupant be young rennie and mcculloch . she 's wear a bathing suit and a innocent smile . and not a inkling of fear about the water . she stand , let the sun soak into she . young rennie what a beautiful day . mcculloch perfect for a swim , be not it ? she frown at he , look away . mcculloch you have be come out here every summer for the last three year , young lady , and you still have not learn how . young rennie I will take some lesson this time . I promise . she bend over , splash the water . mcculloch that 's what you say last year . I think the time for you first swim lesson have just come . the splash stop . mcculloch you do not want to end up drown like that voorhee boy , do you ? she 's instantly tense . mcculloch he never learn how either and he 's still at the bottom of this lake . young rennie he be not . mcculloch oh , he be indeed . and ready to pull down anybody who fall in and can not swim . young rennie you be tell a lie . mcculloch be I ? let 's find out . ... and quick than she 's able to react to it , mcculloch push her overboard . splash ! as rennie 's body violently disrupt the calm surface . she immediately begin to flounder . mcculloch calmly lean over the edge . mcculloch better swim before Jason drag you down , rennie . come on , you can do it ... ... but rennie thrashes in the water , struggle to keep from sink under the surface . rennie' point of view her uncle 's face blur and clear as water splashes she eye . young rennie I ... I can not ... mcculloch you can and you will ! swim , rennie ! rennie be too panicked to obey . young rennie hhhhelp ...me.... she cough on some water then disappear ... underwater ( tank ) the world above she cease to exist , murky lake water take over . rennie look - down , and to she horror ... rennie' point of view ( tank ) Young Jason be grab she ankle and drag she down . the whole image burst into flame and we : dissolve back to : ext . asphalt - night as the gasoline continue to burn , the rowboat go . adjust to find rennie' face , the flame of the car wreckage flicker over she glassy eye . she look up at miss Van deusen 's body one last time before : angle - squad car ( efx ) the auto 's fuel tank explode , shrapnel flying everywhere . ext . alley # 4 - continuous she look up at she uncle with know eye . eye that tell he she 's remember everything . rennie you push I ... mcculloch ( defensively ) I be only try to teach you . but I pull you out , rennie . I save you life . rennie just stare , incredulous . sean you son of a bitch ... she let it build until she 's ready to explode ... then : rennie he be down there !!! and rennie run off . mcculloch start to follow but Sean grab he , shove he down . sean you keep away from she ! Sean chase after rennie . camera methodically pan back to mcculloch , crumpled on the ground . a very bitter man . he wipe he hand , get ready to stand when the shadow fall over he . his skin fade to porcelain white . mcculloch you...are ... not possible . but possible , and actual , he be . a pair of rotted arm extend down , ripping he out of frame . tracking with jason as the walk corpse lift a scream mcculloch over he head , carry he over to one of the scum - fill oil drum , shove he head - first into it . Jason grip mcculloch 's thrashing leg as bubbles rise to the surface of the slime , a pathetic gurgle reverberate out the drum . at last mcculloch 's appendage go limp . Jason release he , move on . ext . alley # 5 - night as Sean run into view , glance around , spot rennie , crouch against a crumble brick wall . no tear ... only hate . Sean sit down next to she . after several moment ... rennie I be at school when they tell I . ' rennie , we have some very bad news ... you parent have be kill in a auto accident . ' Sean gently take she hand , share she internal agony . rennie it seem like everybody I care about end up ... she can not finish . push in as Sean kiss she on the forehead , then make she look into he eye . sean not this time . he caress she face ; it develop into a tender kiss . finally she hold he back , let it out . at the same time : stalking point of view somebody be creep at a low angle towards they . sean and rennie be lose in they share quiet moment ... until the growling SOUND become audible . they look up , see : toby cautiously approach they . rennie stand , absolutely relieved . rennie Toby ... she start to move towards he and she dog snarl viciously , crouching back in fear . rennie what 's wrong , boy ? another protective growl , then : crash ! as Jason stampede through a stack of crate and garbage can behind they . sean , rennie and toby abruptly flee down the alley , Jason in mad pursuit . ext . alley / subway entrance - night as rennie , Sean and the dog run straight towards we , Jason swiftly catch up . fast track with they over to a desert , rain - slicked subway entrance . int . subway entrance - continuous ( efx ) as they bang through the glass door , sailing past we . Three beat later , jason appear , not bother to open the door , stampeding right through the glass . int . subway station - escalator ( n.y . ) Sean , rennie and Toby sail down the escalator past a few scattered commuter . again , Jason appear , loom tall at the top . he start down the " up " escalator . jason's point of view ( icy . ) as a elderly couple rise toward we . they reaction grow more bleak the closer we get , finally register terror as we plow right through they . angle - subway turnstile ( icy . ) Sean and rennie hop over a metal turnstile , Toby crawl under it . a ticket taker lean out he window , shouting at they . ticket taker hey ! the teenager be soon forget as jason smashes through the turnstile like the terminator , tearing the aluminum wheel right off its base . the ticket taker react speechlessly , decide not to press he luck . int . subway platform - continuous ( n.y . ) as Sean and rennie slide up to the edge of the track pit , seeing the light of a approaching train which be take too long to get there . sean come on ... ... but Jason arrive before the train . Toby bark and snarl , try to protect they . Jason be unfaze . he tread toward they and : dog toby leap onto Jason , sink he tooth into the monster 's throat . Jason wrestle the animal into submission just as : the subway train streak into the station . a fraction of time later : jason heave the dog in front of the train . rennie shriek in horror as Toby disappear inside the pit just as the train roar by . angle - onlooker they be New yorker , but not callous enough to stomach this , quickly scatter . even a group of severe skinhead decide they can wait for the next train , quickly head up the escalator after see Jason in action . sean make rennie look away , drag she with he along the platform edge in retreat as Jason return he attention to they . they reach the end of the platform , have no choice but to board the front car . int . subway train ( n.y . ) as the door whoosh shut ... but Jason pry they OPEN . the train engineer glance back from he booth , see Jason make the improper entry . train engineer hey pal , you can not do that ... a second later he 's get a good look at Jason . it 's too late for a retraction as jason savagely jam he head into the train console . insert - train console as the engineer 's arm knock the throttle forward ... ext . subway station - continuous ( n.y . ) ... and the train begin to move , racing into the black tunnel . int . subway train - night ( n.y . ) as rennie and Sean run for they life , arrive at the end of a car , jam the separate door open and enter the next car . Jason follow right behind . int . subway station - night ( n.y . ) as the train thunder through the station without stop , baffling several wait commuter . int . subway train - jason's point of view ( n.y . ) -- see Sean and rennie disappear through another connect door . we storm we way through it into the next car right after they . a handful of traveler cower away from we . int . subway tunnel - night ( n.y . ) as the train rapidly speed past we , show no sign of slow down . int . subway train - final car ( n.y . ) as Sean and rennie come through another set of separate door , rush through ... find they be in the last car . they look back , see Jason enter at the opposite end . the monster stalk forward . Sean 's eye dart around . he spot the emergency stop cord . he leap for it . ext . subway tunnel - night ( n.y . ) ... and the train screech to a halt . int . subway train - continuous ( n.y . ) the sudden stop throw Jason on he back . Sean throw the rear door open , jump out with rennie . int . subway tunnel - night ( n.y . ) as Sean and rennie sprint down the center of the track toward the light of the next station , run out of strength . int . time square station - night ( n.y . ) as they emerge from the darkness , up to the edge of the pit . Sean boost rennie up , start to climb up himself when : jason fire out from the tunnel , grab onto Sean 's ankle . rennie scream as Sean be drag down ... but he manage to latch onto a chain secure a garbage receptacle . Jason pull harder , stretch Sean to he limit as rennie watch helplessly . rennie no !!! rennie run straight towards the track pit like a football punter , recoiling with her right leg , kicking jason squarely in the face . jason ( efx ) trip backwards and land on the third , electrified rail , receiving ten thousand volt . his body smoke and convulse , finally sizzling out . he appear to be terminate !!! angle - sean and rennie as they get to they foot , hold each other tight , look down on the now - dead undead creature . ext . time square - night ( n.y . ) ( crane shot ) as we heroes arise into the neon-filled big city wonderland , relieved to be alive , gaze around at the awesome spectacle know as Times Square . a huge digital clock tell we it 's a quarter to midnight . Sean wrap he arm around she . sean it 's over , rennie . it 's finally over . camera rise above they , racking back to the subway exit . guess who have just make a encore ... with more energy than ever !!! sean and rennie look all around they , have never be to a city as big as this . they finally turn far enough around to spot jason in a series of three quick cut , each one closer than the last . sean God ... please no ... but Jason keep on come . rennie somebody help we !! he 's go to kill we !!! but the heavy Times Square foot traffic ignore she , bustling onward . rennie and Sean have no choice but to flee again . jason shove he way through the preoccupy pedestrian ; they have certainly see weirder character than he here . he move past a group of STREET urchins listen to some rap from they ghetto blaster . his foot obliterate they stereo system with one stride . they instantly pull out switchblade and chain . STREET urchin you be dead meat , slime bag . Jason stop , turn around , tower over the kid . he have blood and gore cake everywhere , he skin char from the electrocution . Jason start to remove he mask , face they squarely . tight on STREET urchins as Jason 's mask come off out - of-frame . they tough face turn to putty , scared completely shitless . STREET urchin hey man , it 's cool , it 's cool ... they turn tail and race like the wind . Jason step forward so that we be look at the back of he head , never see he naked face . he slip he hockey mask on again , turn into a close up , then exit . int . time square diner - night fill with noise , smoke and derelict . a tough , redhead waitress with a thick Brooklyn accent stand behind the countertop , a wall of mirror behind she . the front door bang open with the entrance of Sean and rennie , rush up to the waitress . sean ( out of breath ) you have to call the police ... rennie please , hurry ... a telephone sit right next to she , but this be New York . waitress there 's a pay phone in back . they start to run . waitress ... but it 's break . rennie you do not understand -- there 's a maniac try to kill we !!! waitress ( blase ) welcome to New York . there 's no time for further response as jason crash through the diner door , mowing a path straight toward they . Sean and rennie run out the back as the waitress eye Jason with complete disbelief . another angle as the burly chef come out to confront he . Jason fling he head first into the jukebox . the waitress pick up the telephone , really piss off . a biker climb off he counter stool , revealing a huge bowie knife . Jason plow straight for he and the biker stab jason in the heart . Jason have little reaction , pull it out , toss it aside . the biker 's face go want , back away . the waitress stop in mid-dial . fear be start to register now . jason lift the very large man and effortlessly heave he into the mirror over the counter . the waitress feel the phone receiver slip from she grasp , she mouth tremble . she back away from the beast as far as she can . Jason have no time to waste on she , trample out the back after rennie and Sean as the other patron shrink from he . int . rear of diner - same time as Sean fumble to unlock three deadbolt and two chain , finally get the back door open and spring into : ext . dead end alley - night they run about ten yard before realize the alley be a dead end . Sean and rennie start to head back the other way when jason mow out from the diner door . they vision scatter everywhere in search of a retreat ... rennie look ! she 's spot a manhole cover , slightly ajar . they have not the luxury of think about it , Sean slide the cover back as Jason come forth . int . sewer - entrance chamber - night as they descend into hell ... a massive chamber consist of tall column , slimy catacomb and three foot of stagnant water . they alternative be nil ; Sean and rennie join hand , wading through the swill , splash deeper into the labyrinth . angle up stair as the dim streetlight glow in the above world be eclipse by jason , make he way down after they . int . tunnel # 1 - night a oval tunnel slant downward into pitch blackness . dim overhead light illuminate salt deposit and eery rust formation . rennie and Sean appear at the far end , wading from the sewage as the tunnel rise toward we . tracking shot as they come forward at a brisk but cautious pace , stranger in a very strange land . angle - there feet sloshing through the slime . all be silent until Sean 's foot trip over a barrel label hughes chemical plant . a vaporous green substance ooze out the rusty end of the container , sizzling on the around . sean and rennie carefully sidestep it , continue on . they make it another ten yard when a figure leap out from a alcove , gripping a huge wrench . rennie 's scream echoe through the tunnel . reverse angle ... but it 's a middle - age sanitation engineer who lower the wrench , as frighten as they be . sanitation engineer what the hell be you kid do down here ? sean can you help we get out ?? sanitation engineer I sure can and we do not have a minute to waste . he begin quickly pack up he tool . sean what do you mean ? sanitation engineer toxic waste , son . this sewer flood out with the stuff on the 13th of every month , right at midnight . ( check watch ) and that 's less than ten minute from now . rennie look down the dark tunnel in all direction , swallow hard . sanitation engineer follow I . he click on he high power flashlight and quickly lead they down : int . tunnel # 2 ... no less threaten than the one they just leave . when they pass a lightless intersect corridor , jason eject himself from it , tackling the sanitation engineer and sean . the flashlight roll through the muck , its beam splash erratically across the pollute wall . the sanitation engineer begin bashing jason's head in with he wrench but the monster drag the kick and scream man into tunnel # 3. rennie try to help up Sean but he 's be knock into the opposite wall , barely conscious . sean run , rennie ... she 's strike with indecisive shock , look into tunnel # 3 , see : a gruesome shadow on the wall Jason arch he back with wrench in hand , hammer it over and over into the sanitation engineer 's skull . rennie back away but do not run . the time have come to face she fear . angle - shadow on tunnel # 3 wall as Jason take one more vengeful stroke , finish he off . he step from tunnel # 3 with the scarlet - coat tool , he shadow become flesh . he move straight for Sean , who have no hope for escape . Jason cock the wrench over Sean 's skull ... and suddenly he hockey mask be splashed with a bright light . Jason stop , turn directly into it . jason's point of view rennie be blind we with the sanitation engineer 's flashlight , give we only brief glimpsis of herself in the reflective wet surroundings . rennie you never get I in the lake , Jason . and you be not go to get I now either . her voice be defiant . she carefully backstop , the irritate light never leave we . jason have be sufficiently taunt . he move after she . jason's point of view as the bright beam leave we eye , rennie dash down the intersect tunnel ( # 1 ) . tight on jason's feet stomping through the sludge , pick up speed . he 's want to kill rennie most of all . int . tunnel # L as rennie dash up to the hughes chemical drum Sean trip over , use the back end of the flashlight to crush in the can 's rusted lid . the metal be flimsy but still resist she blow . she frantically hammer harder . int . tunnel # 2 - tracking with jason he 's move like a freight train now , a addict roll after he fix . insert - chemical drum as the butt of the flashlight dent the metal , ultimately cause it to cave in . int . tunnel intersection - jason's point of view -- look through he unblink eye , whipping into tunnel # 1 ... where we catch a fleeting glimpse of rennie fling the content of the oil drum . a half second later a wave of gray / GREEN liquid fly at US ... tight on jason ( slow motion ) and he hockey mask be splashed with toxic waste , seeping into he mask eye sly . he careen back as if she be a rabid dog receive a load of point- blank buckshot . rennie drop the can , fumble for the flashlight again . close up - jason ( efx ) as the radiant flashlight beam find he mask , the plastic beginning to bubble and melt . rush into a tight close up as jason tear off he mask , exposing he hideous face : rotted flesh , some of it sizzling from the chemical . worm slithering out he nostril . and he eye ... or lack thereof . they be like two raw quail egg fry in liquid green pollutant ... and the yolk just break , run down he face . close on flashlight as the beam begin to waver in she quivering grasp . rise to find rennie' face , reacting to the stomach - turn sight of Jason 's visage . she grab hold of she sense and run . another angle as rennie skirt past the blind creature : whip pan with her as she turn down tunnel # 2 , head back toward Sean . continue to quickly pan around until we have come around 360 degree and be back on jason , in no way ready to give up . he stagger after rennie . int . tunnel # 2 as rennie skid up to Sean , still daze . she grab he , shaking hard . rennie get up , Sean !!! his eye blink , only half coherent . then a inconceivable terror register in she ear ... a low , deep rumbling SOUND , coming from up ahead . her head jerk in the direction of she plan retreat : rennie' point of view a ominously empty tunnel , soon to be fill with the unthinkable . the sound of rushing liquid be grow at leap and bound . tight on rennie as she tremble chin rise , look at : angle - tunnel # 3 ceiling ( efx ) the dim overhead light be beginning to vibrate from the approach flood . rennie rotate she head and see : jason vision or no vision , he be lurching towards she relentlessly . she be literally sandwich between hell and high water . rennie drag Sean to he foot with the strength of a possess woman , pull he over to a service ladder attach to the intersect alcove wall . rennie ( scream ) climb !!! she shove he up it from below , Sean summoning everything he 's get to obey she . rennie shoot a stare back down the tunnel ... rennie' point of view ( efx ) the overhead light be bang around like a earthquake have just hit ; the liquid will be arrive any second . her vision whip pan 180 degree to find jason approaching from the opposite end , grop around with he scaly arm like the claw of a roto-tiller . angle - ladder as rennie start up after Sean , look down and see : jason within ten foot of they , shifting directly for the ladder like he 's work on some kind of radar . rennie slip on the rusty ladder , regain she foot . and rush higher . she take she final glance into the tunnel , the ultimate horror register in she corneas as she see : int . tunnel # 3 ( model efx ) a million gallon of green-brown toxic waste splash into the far intersection , filling the tunnel , flooding straight for camera . jason have just start to climb the ladder when the wind and smell of the rush toxic waste bombard he . his decompose head swivel to face : int . tunnel # 3 ( model efx ) ton of lethal sewage , stop for no one . arrive in second . jason's final close up ( efx / fiber optic lens ) he do not need vision to confirm what he other sense already know . Jason 's mouth begin to quaver ... and the first word he have ever spoken come out , in the voice of a EIGHT year old boy : jason mmmmmmmmmommy ... don 't let I drown , mommy ... camera speed toward he gape mouth and down he throat as lightning arc off he mucous cover inside . we sink deeper into he gut , fire and smoke flaring into we eve , eventually come to a well in the pit of he stomach , filled with blood ... and EIGHT year old jason be drowning in it . young jason hhhhelp I .... a split second later : ext . tunnel # 3 ( efx ) ( slow motion ) the wall of deadly toxic liquid engulf jason . int . tunnel # 3 - on rennie and sean ( efx ) the powerful flood thrashes the ladder about two inch below rennie 's foot , the force of it fiercely shaking they rusty support . they be cling to the ladder with they eye squeeze shut . pray for survival . int . tunnel # 3 ( model efx ) we be drown in a chunky cloud of sewage , rush over and under we . ext . time square - night ( efx ) the digital clock we see earlier abruptly chime midnight , huge bolt of lightning cracking over manhattan . angle - sean and rennie ( efx ) as the sewage level begin to drop . rennie open she eye , glance straight down and see . rennie' point of view ( efx ) the ladder beneath they reappear ... which give way to a pair of hand gripping the bottom rung . the liquid drop further , unshroud the now - dead corpse of EIGHT year old jason . he 's a relatively normal look boy , probably the way he look back in 1957 ... right when he drown in Crystal Lake . Jason voorhee have finally be put to rest . ext . time square - night ( n.y . ) rennie and Sean stagger out from a side street , hold each other up ... relief etched in they mature face . sean I hear there 's a statue here that 's 22 storey tall . rennie would smile if she could . she kiss he cheek . they amble on . stalking point of view ... come out from another alley , creep up behind they through a crowd of pedestrian . about the height of a small child . rennie and sean walk arm in arm , exhaust and oblivious to they pursuer . but something , some innate perception cause rennie to slow ... and stop . her eye register a horrid fear and she whip around to face ... toby ! limp on all four , filthy with grease - matte fur . the whimper dog crawl up to she , rennie bend down , hugging she animal like she will never let go . rennie oh Toby ... high angle crane shot ( n.y . ) as Sean bend down too , ruffling the dog 's fur , stand again with rennie . the three survivor enter the collage of pedestrian , bright light and skyscraper . it be finally over . fade out . the end