friday the 13th part 3 : 3d fade in : title and credit a pierce high note be sustained on the soundtrack as the main title , " crystal japan " speed straight at the audience in 3 - D and seem to jump right out at they . the open credit follow . ominous theme music fill the soundtrack , grow darker and more dissonant . the theme music slowly dissolves into the sound of a radio news broadcast , as the credit continue to unfold . radio newscaster ( v.o. ) ... and I be Ed Harris with the kltz early Morning report . theme music out . radio newscaster ( v.o. ) ( continue ) Crystal Lake in pinehurst County , the scene of several unsolve death year ago , be tragically back in the top of the news this morning . Police have uncover the remain of eight , as yet , unidentified person in a gruesome and baffling story of mass murder ... end credit . CUT to : ext . roadside market - evening shoot over a line of ruffle bush with leave just turn towards a rural , time - wear country market . a wide gravel parking area make it accessible to the highway run past it , otherwise , this Mom & pop store seem almost like a vision of time go by . the bush and overgrown grass , unrestrained by any human care , strengthen the sense of isolation . the die sun shoot its last ray through the tree behind the market . the market have a batter second -story : the live quarter of the people run it . a truck roar by . then silence , and then again the sound of the radio news report : radio newscaster ( v.o. ) ... judge from the sheer brutality of the murder , police theorize that they must have be commit by at least four person ... ext . the house / store - another angle sagging clothesline cluttere with drying laundry run across a narrow backyard , all the way to a rickety old shed . the clothesline be support by one solitary pole . line and garment billow in the rise evening breeze . cold , forebode music accompany the camera as it move toward a pair of flap khaki pants and a olive green workshirt hang side by side on the line . the radio news report grow louder as the clothing snap directly into the lens . radio newscaster ( v.o. ) ... the sole survivor of the massacre have be take under heavy sedation to County Hospital in linfield for observation . she 's be unable to provide police with any clue and be be keep under round the clock guard ... heavy footstep and then a man part two shroud of wet laundry , make he way back towards the house . this be harold : 40ish , paunchy , unshaven and so clumsy that he hit the clothesline pole and knock it down , bury himself under a heap of linen . a transistor radio pop out of the pocket of he threadbare shirt , still broadcasting the news . one of the upstairs window open with a creak , and edna harold 's wife , stick she head out and look into the backyard : edna ( loud , harsh ) goddamnit harold ! I spend all day yesterday wash you clothes and look what you be do to them . show how much you care about I . harold watch she from under the pile of laundry . then he grab the radio , stagger up , increase the radio 's volume as he do so , to drow out the voice of he wife . above he , edna rave on for a moment ( we can not make out what she be say ) , then furiously slam the window shut . CUT to : int . upstair live room - evening the room be musty and cluttere like a old attic . edna stomp away from the window and turn she attention to the partially functional , old clunker of a black and white tv . she plop herself down onto the lumpy couch and pick up two knitting needle and return to work on a sweater . a news report about the mass murder be be broadcast . insert - tv television reporter ... a police spokesman tell eyewitness News that authority have be comb the area since just before dawn . report of cannibalism and sexual mutilation be still unconfirm ... nevertheless , this murder be already be call the most brutal in local history . edna leans in to adjust the long rabbit- ear antenna , spread the ear apart for a better picture . she listen intently . television reporter the motive behind the grisly murder remain a mystery at this hour as do the identity of the killer or killer . the search continue for more body . edna ( to herself ) my God , my God , my god. television reporter ... resident of the Lake region be be urge to take extra precaution when approach stranger and to report anything unusual to police , immediately . we will be back with the weather forecast after this important message . visibly upset , edna rise to she foot . she go over to the door lead downstairs to the market , open it and call out . edna harold , what be you do down there ? no response . she rush to the window , jerk it open and stick she head out . edna ( continue ) harold ... I want to talk to you . no answer . ext . backyard - edna' Pov of the backyard . the laundry quietly swell in the wind . for a instant , a human form be visible between layer of drying clothes . from this distance , edna can not make out who it be . edna harold ? int . house unnerve by the continue noise of the tv , edna go back to shut it off . she quickly return to the window and look out again . edna' Pov no sign of anyone , but there be a empty span of clothesline where several article of clothes be hang , only a second before . int . house edna run for the apartment door . CUT to : int . market - evening edna fly down the stair and enter the store from the back . the market be dark , save do shaft of die sunlight through the grimy front window . she scan the few aisle back and forth . edna harold ? a big rabbit appear from behind a arrangement of Campbell 's soup can , and stand on its hind leg on the aisle , try to guess edna 's next move . still call harold , she turn ; start at the sight of the rabbit ; she grab a tomato from the produce display , throw it at the animal . edna ( continue ) God damn pest , what be you stare at ? she miss , grab more vegetable and hurl they at the rabbit . the rabbit dodge they , and scurries away . ext . backyard - evening the sunlight be almost go , stretch the shadow even more . in she nightgown , edna push open the creaky screen door and step out into the backyard . shoot towards she through the laundry flap on the clothesline . as she touch a set of pajamas and find out that they be still wet . a shoulder suddenly enter the flame , and someone 's silhouette block the screen just for a couple of second , before the intruder slip behind another curtain of drying clothes , revealing edna again : she 's still check the clothes and have not notice anything . she come to where the trousers and workshirt be , and no longer . that 's a shock , but she 's not quite sure that they be here in the first place , so she go on , and start talk to herself to fortify she ail courage . edna Christ all mighty , harold , you just take what 's yours and leave the rest for I to do . very considerate ! ( collect the dry laundry and put it in a basket ) you could at least finish the job . do I have to do everything around here ? edna hear a noise and whip around . her imagination be work overtime . a bedsheet be swell slowly in the breeze , take the shape of a human body . be anyone behind it ? ominous music ... edna ( swallow hard ) harold ... I swear , sometimes you be such a child ... she charge forward . she rip the sheet off the line and fall in a heap with it . there be no one behind it . she turn over and lay on she back . above she , there 's only the dark evening sky and the branch of a tree , rustling back and forth . edna get up and quickly pull the remain laundry off the line , toss it into the basket . as she do , she pass near the wooden shed at the back of the store . ext . yard the shed door creak open . edna turn around . suddenly , there 's a crash noise from inside . that 's enough for edna ... she haul up the basket and rush back inside the store . CUT to : int . market - night the white rabbit that give edna such a scare be now hopping across a row of can goods . a man 's hand enter frame and grab the rabbit by the nape of its neck and lift it off the shelf , into he arm . it 's harold . he place the rabbit on he shoulder and grab a jar of peanut from the shelf . he twist open the vacuum - seal jar and wolf down a handful of its content . with another handful , he feed the rabbit , who sniff and partake . harold rescrew the lid and place it back on the shelf . he turn on the radio in he breast pocket . Music blare . he grab he broom and start sweeping down the aisle , the rabbit remain contentedly on he shoulder . harold stop at the dairy case and grab a half - gallon jug of milk . he break the seal and pull off the cap . he first offer the rabbit a taste , then gulp down a swig himself . in the background a unidentified face , in soft focus , peer in through the storefront window then disappear almost as quickly . harold be unaware . harold screw the cap back on and replace the jug in the case . the sound of crunching and munch . harold turn around . the the produce section , the cellophane package of carrot on display be move slightly . he reach in and push off the top few package to reveal , underneath , another rabbit , a grey one this time , nibble on a carrot . he lift the rabbit out of the case and place it on he opposite shoulder . harold ( look from one rabbit to the other ) sorry guy , it 's back to the slammer before edna make a fur coat out of ya . on he way to the back door , harold pass a rack of cake and pie . he stop long enough to open a box of six chocolate - cover donut . he take one out and shove it into he mouth . unbeknownst to harold , a human form in shadow appear at the back door . the door be quietly push open . someone be watch he . the camera as stalker enter the store and move slowly towards harold , he back to we . ominous music accompany the approach . check fill to capacity . harold close the package and put it back in place on the rack , hide it under several unopen package . harold turn . the stalker be right behind he , completely startle , he jump back and choke on the doughnut . the rabbit hop off he shoulder . unexpectedly , harold find himself face to face ... with he wife , edna . edna do not I feed you enough for breakfast ? harold do not answer . edna ( continue ) the doctor say you have to lose weight , do not he ? I try to help you but you sneak food behind my back . what be I gonna do with you ? without a word , harold bend down to retrieve the rabbit . he scoops they up in he arm . edna ( continue ) and put that filthy animal back where they belong , please ! harold exit by way of the back door . CUT to : ext . backyard - night harold put the grey rabbit on he shoulder , the white rabbit remain wrap in he arm . he swallow the rest of the doughnut in he mouth as he flip a flashlight out of he back pocket and amble across the yard . CUT to : int . shed - night Light filter through the crack wall partially illuminate a variety of tool , old barrel , various odd & end - and a rabbit hutch . harold flick on the flashlight as he enter . the rabbit atop he shoulder jump off and scurries away . the rabbit in he arm squirm and squeal . the animal sense that something be wrong . harold ( stroking the white rabbit ) what be you little guy so nervous about ? he scan the shed with the flashlight to locate the runaway as he try to contain the jittery ball of fur in he arm . the flashlight search each corner , until the beam finally stop on : the rabbit hutch Music pound hard on the soundtrack , as through the hutch grillwork we can see a mass of dead rabbit , lie one next to the other , stare up with glint , glass eye . harold stand immobilize , in a state of shock . he look down upon the limp body of he beloved pet , he face turn into a sad mask of outrage . he hold onto the white rabbit even tighter . harold who would do this ...? tremble , harold reach to lift the lid of the hutch . the music throbs ... a big timber rattlesnake spring out of the hutch , mouth wide and open , twin poisonous fang shine in the beam of the flashlight . the music drop out as the snake 's loud kiss dominate . the muscle of its dark , lean body push the deadly mouth ahead , into the lens of the camera . instinctively , harold slam the hutch down , drop he flashlight and the white rabbit . the snake hiss and spit at the camera through the wife mesh . literally scared shitless , harold race out of the shed , hold he stomach with both hand . CUT to : int . stairwell - night harold dash through the back door , and up the stair like a charge bull . CUT to : int . upstair live quarter - night harold burst through the door , crash into he unsuspecting wife . edna be knock off balance and try to hold onto he . edna what happen ? what 's the matter ? harold can not talk . he rub he stomach and head straight for the bathroom , vanish inside . edna ( continue ) it 's all the crap you have be stuff yourself with . edna turn up the volume on the tv and plunk herself down on the couch . she reach for she knitting bag and empty its content . one of she two , long , thin knitting needle be miss . edna ( rummage all around she ) now where could that other needle have go ? CUT to : int . storeroom / bathroom - night the room be a combination : store place mostly , there be two ample cupboard face each other , each lean against a wall , a mess of crate and box lie on top of each other behind a dusty curtain ... and a toilet bowl , leave from the day when this be just a oversize bathroom . the toilet bowl be against the fourth wall , at a angle behind the door . the sound of the tv filter through the door as harold , trousers down to he knee , sit on the toilet , sighing with relief as the first bout of diarrhea be over . he loosen he collar , wipe some sweat from he brow , reach behind the toilet tank , and produce a hide bottle of whiskey . he unscrew the cap and take a hardy swig . he lean back and shut he eye . harold ( to himself ) that poor little creature ... another swig . some of the liquor spill over he chin and he wipe it with he sleeve . his eye wander around aimlessly , then focus on ... the dusty curtain partially mask the mess of box and crate . it seem to ripple subtly , move by a ever so slight movement of air , perhaps someone 's breath ? harold wait . the curtain seem still . harold be about to relax when a brief , hollow noise be hear . harold try to locate the noise , but it 's over before he can tell its source . pant around he ankle , he rise , shuffles to one of the closet . it take some courage to yank the door open , and the camera move fast into a ... flat closeup of empty shelf - nothing have touch they in a long time , except dust . breathe relief , harold pull up he pants again , just enough to be able to hobble grotesquely to the dusty curtain . he rip it apart , stare at the odd assortment of box and crate - empty , lifeless , and uncannily menace because of they lifelessness . reassured , harold give the other closet a glance , almost decide against check it - and then change he mind , and stumble , pants still around he ankle , towards it . look like this one have not be open at all for a long time . harold tug at the door - a creak , follow instantly by a musical stinger as a huge hand hold a meat cleaver rip into the shot , strike harold , imbed the cleaver in he chest . harold manage a half - scream that mix incongruously with the laughter from the tv in the live room . as the hand twist the cleaver , the scream become a raspy cough . harold stumble backwards and crash to the floor . CUT to : int . live room - night edna hear the crash . she turn off the television . edna harold ? no answer . she get up from the couch and go to the bathroom door . she listen and hear the noise of the toilet flush and flush , as if someone 's hand never release the lever . edna ( rattling the door knob ) harold ... what 's take you so long in there ? you all right ? she push against the door . it do not budge . she look down and notice some kind of liquid seeping out from underneath the bathroom door . she dip she finger in it and sniff . edna ( continue ) whiskey , I think so . she go over to a desk , open a small drawer and find a skeleton key . she hurry back to the bathroom / storeroom door , ready to insert the key . to she shock , the door be now open a crack ! for a moment , edna be nonpluss . edna ( continue ) harold ! she push the door - it swing open , revealing the open closet , the box and crate ... int . bathroom - night edna step inside and inadvertently kick the half - empty bottle of whiskey . she pick up the bottle while the flush noise persist maddeningly . she turn toward the toilet , which be behind the door and scream at the sight of harold sit there . harold pants down , like a grotesque dummy , blood drool out of the corner of he mouth , the meat cleaver stick out of he chest and one elbow stick against the flush handle . the whiskey bottle fall from edna 's hand , hit the floor and shatter . edna scream uncontrollably . from behind she a huge hand enter the flame and pierce the back of she head with the previously miss knitting needle . the needle be push out through she mouth , right at the camera . she gag on she own blood and slum out of frame . CUT to : ext . working CLASS neighborhood - morning a group ethnic child be play stickball in the street , weatherworn two and three - family house on either side of they . a red passenger van screech around the corner and head down the block , slow down as it advance on the oblivious child . the driver sound the horn , warning of the van 's approach . most of the child scatter , but a few do not , yell and bang on the side of the van as it pass . the van continue for a few yard then parallel park in the first available space . the driver Chris ...19 , blond , attractive but intense ... step down and circle around to the passenger side where two other jump out . they be Debbie ...19 , brown -haire , vivacious and healthy , the all -american cheerleader type ... and Andy ... slim , athletic and ruggedly handsome . debbie which one be it ? CHRIS ( point ) it 's the last house on the leave . she life downstairs . Chris turn back to the van . CHRIS ( call through window ) hey shelly ! come on out and meet you date . shelly voice ( from inside van ) bring she to I ! Chris look back at Andy and Debbie for advice . andy ( shrugging he shoulder ) what be you gonna do ? debbie maybe this be not such a good idea . Chris call into the van once again . CHRIS how about you two ? you come ? two other voice shout back : voice ( in unison ) no ! Chris throw up she hand in frustration , join Andy and Debbie . they cross the street abreast . camera track in front of the three friend . a rotund , ominous - look figure in a hideous , ghostly white mask spring out from around the hide side of the van . the figure follow a safe distance behind the unsuspecting threesome , brandish a knife . as they walk , Andy and Debbie be lock in each other 's arm and they begin to kiss . Chris look at they and shake she head . CHRIS sex , sex , sex . you guy be get boring , you know that ? Debbie break the kiss , feel a little embarrassed . andy so what would a weekend in the country be without sex ? debbie ( stern ) cool it , Andy . andy ( apologetic ) I do not mean it the way it sound ... CHRIS I know you do not ... Little by little , the mask figure advance from behind . CHRIS ( to Andy and Debbie ) look guy , I do not want to ruin you weekend . what happen to I at the cottage happen a long time ago and I think I have work that out . I be all right now . the figure draw even closer raise the knife above he head . CHRIS ( continue ) I appreciate the fact that you worry about I , but do not . debbie okay , we will not . we will just have fun , all agree ? the mask figure rear back and plunge the knife into Andy 's back . andy aaahhh ! the rubber knife bend in half . Andy , Debbie and Chris whirl around to face the assailant . andy ( continue ) dammit shelly ! why do you always have to be such a asshole ! shelly ( still wear the mask ) I beg you pardon , I be not a asshole . I be a actor . andy same thing . Chris and Debbie , in disgust , turn away and walk off . Andy drop back to walk with shelly . andy ( paternal ) look shelly , you be my roommate and I like you ... most of the time . but you gotta stop do this thing . now , I set this date up for you , do not I ? so do not embarrass I . when you meet this woman , just relax and be yourself . shelly would you be yourself ... ( rip off mask ) ... if you look this this ? shelly put on a pair of unflatter prescription glass . although he have a pleasant face , shelly be overweight , greasy - haire and unkempt . Chris and Debbie lead the way for Andy and shelly up the porch step , to the front door of a shabby , two - family house . Chris ring the bell . shelly take a few step back . he mat down he unruly hair , tuck in he shirt and take off he glass . he 's ready . the door open and a middle - age Hispanic woman stand behind the outer screen door . mother ( Spanish accent ) yes ? CHRIS ( friendly ) hi , Mrs. sanchez . I be Chris . we have come to pick up Vera . mother ( bruskly ) she 's not go . she shut the door in Chris ' face . the group stand there not know what to do next . v.o. 's from inside the house they can hear Vera and she mother argue in Spanish . CHRIS what be they say ? debbie I do not know . I flunk Spanish . they all turn to leave when suddenly the front door swing open . this time Vera , knapsack over she shoulder , ready to go , come out onto the porch . she 's a knockout ... 20 , exotic , raven-haire beauty ... in tight jeans . they turn and stare at she . vera ( force a smile ) hi everybody , what be you look at . let 's go . shelly , intimidate by Vera 's sexy good look , step behind Andy and slip the mask back over he face . CHRIS ( to Vera ) be everything okay ? vera you know , just you basic old fashioned mother problem . ( change the subject ) so , where 's my date ? shelly come out from behind Andy . shelly ( sheepishly ) hi. vera ( let she disappointment show ) you be shelly ? shelly I be sorry . Andy angrily rip the mask off shelly 's face . debbie ( look across the street ) hey ! the van 's on fire ! ext . van White smoke billow out of the van window , engulf the vehicle and the luggage tie to the top . the whole group rush off the porch and race to the van . the first one there , Andy , open the passenger side door and jump in . Chris run around to the driver 's side and do the same . int . van through thick , acrid smoke , chili and she boyfriend , Chuck ... cheech and Chong lookaly ... can be see sit in the back on the floor , each puffing away like crazy on a bong fill with marijuana . each wear a stereo headset that be plugge into they own Sony walkman portable cassette player . Andy and Chris look at each other as if to say " I should have know . " CUT to : ext . highway - morning Chris ' red van speed along the empty rural highway through the lush New England countryside . CUT to : int . van - morning through the driver 's side window , the wind blow in on Chris and toss she flaxen hair as she drive . Debbie sit on Andy 's lap in the passenger seat - the only other seat in the van . andy how much farther to the cottage ? CHRIS we could have be there already ... ( look at Debbie ) ... if some people do not have to go to the bathroom every five minute . debbie ( defensive ) oh yeah ... well just hope that you never get pregnant , ' cause all you do all the time be piss ! rear of the van chili and Chuck be sprawle out on the floor , take inventory of they numerous joint and bag of marijuana . shelly sit cross -legge near the very back of the van , opposite Vera , who sit with she leg open . daydream , she gaze upward at the sky and treetop through the back window . shelly can not stop stare at Vera , admire she sexy body . Vera sense that shelly be undress she with he eye and quickly turn she head around and catch he look at she breast . shelly avert he eye in embarrassment and look over at Chuck who light up a joint , inhale and hand it chili . shelly be that all you two be gonna do this weekend ... smoke dope ? chuck why not , man ? be there a law against it ? shelly ( persist ) there 's better thing to do with you life . chuck ( confuse ) like what ? chili ( inhale ) I can not think of anything . she offer the joint to shelly . he decline . chili offer it to Vera . vera sure , why not . Vera come forward on she hand and knee , reach out for the joint . as she do , she inadvertently thrust she shapely rear end almost into shelly 's face . shelly make no attempt to retreat from it . actually he rather enjoy it . vera ( as she draw on the joint ) be this stuff any good ? chuck Home grow , man ! of course it 's good ! chili and it 's good for you , too . strictly organic . no preservative , man . Andy sniff at the air around he fill with the aroma of good grass . andy hey , let 's share the wealth with that less fortunate up front here . Vera pass the joint to he and sit back down across from shelly . shelly be rummage through a small black suitcase . it 's content be conceal from Vera 's view . vera ( curious ) what d'ya get in there ? shelly ( very secretive ) my whole world . vera in that little thing ? shelly stick around and you will see . Vera turn away and look out the back window . we can hear the faint sound of siren . ext . highway - day in the distance , two police cruiser , with light flash , in hot pursuit . int . van vera ( to the other ) better hide that grass . it 's the cop . CHRIS ( look out she sideview mirror ) oh , no . shelly ( look out the back window ) what be we gonna do ? vera destroy the evidence , pronto ! chuck destroy the evidence ? no , man ! chili ( look right at Chuck ) yes , man ! they all look at one another , perplex . Vera be amused . without a word and simultaneously , chili and Chuck begin to stuff loose grass and joint into they mouth . chuck ( mouth full ) come on , dig in ! andy ( grab a bag ) aw shit ! he start to eat . Vera join in , too . the police siren grow louder . ext . highway - day the cruiser advance . int . van Andy grab another bag and hand it to Chris . andy here ... eat . CHRIS try I some other time . I be drive . Andy turn to Debbie and offer up the cellophane bag . andy Breakfast ? debbie no way . we be pregnant . remember ? the siren seem to be get closer . chili lean in behind Chris . chili you better step on it ! CUT to : ext . highway - morning the van speed up , but so do the police cruiser , even narrowing the gap . CUT to : ext . van - morning chili , Chuck , Andy and Vera 's cheek be fill to capacity with dope . they face be turn green . still they continue to stuff in more at a frantic pace . shelly hold he black suitcase tightly to he chest as he watch out the back window with concern . shelly faster ! eat faster ! vera ( hand shelly a fistful of grass ) why do not you help we ? shelly ( reluctant ) uh ... I guess I be just not hungry . andy ( mouth full ) you be always hungry ! to appease everybody , shelly begin to nibble ever so slightly on the marijuana out of Vera 's hand . CHRIS they be too close . I gotta pull the van over . hurry up and swallow ! everybody just be cool . CUT to : ext . highway - morning Chris pull the van to the side of the road . she stick she head out to watch for the approach cruiser . much to she surprise and everyone else 's , both police car zoom by the van without stop . CUT to : int . van - morning a collective sigh of relief , follow by groan of regret for what they have just do . andy ( belching ) I think I be gonna be sick . vera ( hold she stomach ) the line form at the rear . chuck I be gonna be sicker than all of you , man . now I gotta spend the whole weekend totally straight ... ( bury he head in he hand ) I do not think I can make it , man ! chili Chuck ... look . she slowly unbutton she blouse . everyone look at she , puzzle . Chuck raise he head . chuck ( mistake chili 's intention ) not now , man ! her finger reach inside she bra -- but instead of freeing she breast , she pull out a good size plastic bag of marijuana . Chuck 's mouth drop open . chili I be a slow eater . chuck ( throw he arm around chili ) I love you , man ! he attack she with kiss . the other laugh . CUT to : ext . roadside market - morning the two police cruiser make a sharp right into the small Mom and pop store parking lot and screech to a halt . a small group of curious onlooker congregate at the front entrance of the store . the cruiser light continue to flash red and blue as the Police officer step out of they vehicle . the officer order the onlooker to " go home " then enter the store . Chris ' red van approach down the highway . CUT to : int . van - morning Chris slow down the vehicle as she see the flash police light and ambulance . she rubber- neck to see what 's happen . CHRIS ' moving Pov a team of medics carry out two heavy body bag from the store . Chris watch with morbid fascination , fueling she anxiety . Debbie be also look out the window at this unpleasant scene . she turn to see Chris and read the concern on she face . debbie hey , kiddo ... do not let you imagination run away with you . Chris turn she attention back to the highway and drive on . CUT to : ext . highway - morning close shot on a pair of scraggly Men 's boot as they walk along the edge of the highway . camera tilt up to reveal abel ... 72 , long stringy white hair and whiskered , skinny in baggy clothes , weathered stern face . like a lone star , he amble down the lonely highway , drag a duffle bag . the SOUND of a vehicle approach in the distance ... abel stick out he right thumb in a hitchhike stance . he affect a smile and look toward the vehicle down the road . CUT to : int . van - morning the sun pour in through the windshield . Debbie shade she eye to get a better look at the figure up ahead . debbie would you look at that ! I have never see a senior citizen hitchhiker before . the other in the back come forward to look . andy let 's give the poor old guy a break . pick ' im up . shelly react very emotionally to the suggestion . shelly that scarecrow ? can not you tell how weird he be just by look at he . vera come on , shelly . who else be gonna give he a lift ? shelly not we ! he 's really creepy . the van be now upon the age hitchhiker . he flash a smile at they : plaintive , shy , and yet somehow ominous . chuck ( reassure ) he look just like my grandfather , man . let 's give he a ride . ext . highway - morning the van screech to a halt and back up to abel . the side door slide open and abel be lift into the back . the van pull away . CUT to : int . van - morning abel settles into the back next to shelly who study the old traveller with both curiosity and trepidation . Chris adjust she rearview mirror to include abel . abel nod " hello " to one and all . they nod back . abel ( in a eloquent soothing voice ) you be , all of you , very kind and generous young people to lend a help hand to a tired , old man . thank you very much . perhaps I can repay the kindness . the civilized speak - manner of the shabby - look stranger calm the layer of fear that any might have have . abel ( continue ) my name be abel . and I be my brother 's keeper . shelly where be you go ? abel go ? how do you mean ? shelly I mean , be there any place in particular where we can drop you off ? abel Drop I off ? how do you mean ? shelly 's suspicion return and he glance from Vera to Debbie and Andy . Andy shrug he shoulder . abel reach into he dusty dufflebag and pull out a very small bundle wrap in a scrap of cloth . Chris watch via the rearview mirror . her expression be wary . abel unwrap the object and place it in front of shelly 's face . abel ( continue ) look what his Grace have bring I . shelly look down at a the small , slimy , white oblong thing . shelly ( wince ) what be that ? abel I find this today . there be other piece of the body lie there , but I believe " he " want I to have this ... shelly ( gasp ) that 's a eyeball ! oh , God ! abel " he " want I to warn you . ( evangelical ) look at this , all of you ! he hold the eyeball out for each to view . they shrink back away from he , cring at the sight . the eyeball be reflect in the rearview mirror . Chris be become quite upset . abel ( continue ) see with you own eye what I have see . runaway ! go back to where you come from ... now !!! CUT to : ext . highway - morning the van come to a abrupt stop . the side door open and the old man be practically toss out . on the ground , abel yell after the van as it speed away . abel I warn you ! CUT to : ext . roadside - morning the van be park on the shoulder of the highway . Chris lean against a tree , she arm cross over she chest . she look towards the wood , wait . in front of she face , two sneaker foot pass by . it 's Andy , walk on he hand . Vera stretch she arm over she head then drop she torso and arm to the ground , bent over . vera some people stretch they leg .... ( look at Andy ) some they arm .... ( look at shelly eat a candy bar ) and some nothing at all . from out of the wood , Debbie appear . she zip up the front of she jeans and approach the other . Chris and Vera applaud . debbie I can not help it . smiling , Chris put she arm around Debbie 's shoulder and the two walk toward the van . from seemingly out of nowhere , the roar of motorcycle be suddenly upon they . the group whisk around to find three soupe - up motorcycle bear down on they , navigate by a manace - look trio . the motorcycle head straight for they . in a panic , the group scatter . Dust swirl as the motorcyclist veer away from the group and the van just in time to avert a collision . as the dust settles , the group pick themselves off the ground . CHRIS ( brush herself off ) how come there 's never a cop around when you really need one . CUT to : int . van - morning Chris be still drive . the other have assume they respective position . however , the jovial atmosphere have degenerate due to the unsettle series of incident . Long face and silence prevail . then , up ahead just off the road , a pleasant surprise , for they all . CHRIS wake up , everybody . revenge be ours . ( point out the front window ) look ! Chris slow down the van . the group quickly move forward and peer out the front windshield . one by one , a smile cross each dour face . there Pov - ext . highway - day the Three motorcyclist have be pull over by a State trooper and be be tickete . int . van the van erupt into laughter and cheer . ext . highway - day as the van pass the powerless cyclist , the side door swing open and the passenger window roll down . the group stick they head out and jeer and applaud . int . van - day Chris turn on the radio -- rock and Roll music blare as the lighthearted atmosphere return . ext . highway jauntily , the van zip down the highway . CUT to : ext . country highway / dirt road - day close shot on a half - eat dead rabbit lie to one side of the dirt road . camera deep -rack-focuse to the red van come up over the hilly highway . the van turn off onto the dirt road and make its way through a wood landscape along a wind trail . Sun dapple through the tree . CUT to : ext . lakeside cottage - day a overgrown driveway meander among oak tree towards a rustic two -story house . the oak tree have be there long before the house be build -- they heavy branch hang low , like tired arm , almost block the driveway . the house have a elevate porch and curtain window . it be in relatively decent condition though weatherbeaten and create from the start a impression of family history . there be ample parking space before the house . on the leave side of the driveway as one approach , some thirty yard diagonally across from the house , there be a tall red barn with a hayloft equip with a block and tackle ( to bring up the bale of hay into the loft 's square window ) . to the right of the house be a outhouse with a heartshape venthole in its wooden door . to the leave of the house be a large lake with a knotty old dock and a small tree - cover island in the middle . the whole area be surround by a lush landscape . the SOUND of a vehicle approach ... the camera reveal this serene , idyllic panorama and pick up Chris ' van as it bump along the dirt road and slow down to a crawl to pass over a creaky , dilapidate wooden bridge that run over a dry - up stream . int . house the camera peer over-the-shoulder of a unidentifiable figure as he move from one live room window to the other , watch the van as it sweep under the low branch towards the house . ext . house the van come to a stop . Chris jump out and look towards the house . a collection of memory poss she for a moment before she reach for the knotted rope and unty the tarp cover the bulk of the baggage on top . CHRIS ( loud so the other can hear ) let 's bring in the luggage first , then I will give you a tour of the house and the barn and then we can hang out at the lake ... all right ? no response . just the distant SOUND of feet running and laughter . Chris walk around to the other side of the van and find the door leave wide open and no one about . she turn to see she friend run towards the lake , unable to resist the splendor of the shimmer water and sun dapple landscape . Debbie turn back and gesture for Chris to join they . debbie come on down ! CHRIS ( shaking she head ) you go ahead ... in the background , behind Chris , the shadowy figure , out of focus , appear behind a curtain in the live room . CHRIS ( to Debbie ) I be gonna take my bag into the house first and look around . Chris turn toward the house . the figure disappear from view . Chris grab a piece of baggage in each hand and innocently stride up the path and porch step to the front door . it have be a while since she have last visit the family country home and she be actually pleased to have this moment to herself . she rifle through she handbag , come up with the key and reach for the doorknob to find that the door be already open , ever so slightly . a look of concern flash across Chris ' face . CHRIS ( continue ) hello ? only the distant sound of she friend by the lake can be hear . cautiously , Chris push the door . creaking , it open wide . she hesitates a moment then take a step inside . CHRIS ( hearing a noise ) who 's there ? from out of nowhere , a hand grab Chris by the neck and pull she out of frame . she scream ! then the soundtrack become coldly silent ... CUT to : int . live room / cottage - day pin up against the wall , Chris be be embrace and kiss passionately by a man whose face be not yet visible . resisting , Chris push he off . CHRIS derek ... stop . derek why ? derek be 23 , tall , dark and virile . CHRIS you know what I have be through . do not ever scare I like that . derek I be sorry . I just want to surprise you . what can I say ? CHRIS ( with a smile ) you can say ... " hello , how be you ? " ... for starter . derek ( genuinely ) hello . how be you ? he pull she towards he to kiss she again . CHRIS ( move away ) you have not change a bit . always so sure of yourself . even when we be kid , when you want something , nothing could stop you . derek be that so bad ? CHRIS I do not know . derek you be irresistible . I lose control . CHRIS just slow down . let I get to know you again . let I get to know this place again . derek okay . there 's a whole weekend ahead of we . there 's time . Chris embrace derek . behind they , pass the porch window , out of focus , be the shadowy figure of jason . neither Chris nor derek be aware of the presence . CHRIS ( break the embrace ) come outside and help I with the bag . the turn and head for the front door . Jason 's figure move away from the window , out of sight . CUT to : ext . cottage - day Chris and derek bound down the porch step to the van . derek I will get the bag off the top . you get the one inside . Chris move around to the opposite side . the slide door which be previously wide open be now close . CHRIS ( unsure , talk out loud ) this door be open just a minute ago , be not it ? derek ( o.s. ) ( from the other side of the van ) what ? CHRIS nothing . the SOUND of the other thrashing about in the lake can be hear as Chris reach for the handle and whisk the door aside . instinctively , she brace herself , but nothing jump out at she . annoy with herself for be so suspicious and jumpy , Chris just lean in and grab for the first bag she see . a hand spring into frame and wrap around Chris ' wrist . she gasp and jump back . shelly stick he head out the side of the van . shelly that 's my bag . I will take care of it . CHRIS what be you do in there ? why be not you down at the lake with the other . shelly ' Cause they be skinny - dip and I be not skinny enough . Chris look toward the lake . CHRIS ' Pov Andy , Debbie and Vera frolic about naked in the water . chili and Chuck dive off the dock , fully clothed . CUT to : int . cellar - day pitch black save for a slice of sunlight from a elevate basement window . the door swing open . silhouett in the doorway be chili and Chuck just come from the lake , drench and drip in they wet clothing . chuck ( uneasy ) it 's dark down there . chili that 's the way it be , man . cellar be dark . chuck and Hell be hot , but I be not goin ' down there either . chili flick a wall switch next to she . a naked light bulb spring to life , glow dimly . chili there 's nothin ' to be afraid of . she take Chuck by the hand and lead he down the stair . they sneaker , sodden with water , squeak and squish as they go . Water drip from they hair and clothes , form little puddle that follow they every step . the basement be overrun with cobweb and spiderweb . rust gardening tool , break bicycle part and box of old toy be strewn helter- skelter . a old washer and dryer sit just to the leave of the electrical fusebox . chili ( continue ) gimme you thread , man . Chuck pull off he shirt and hand it to chili . she ring it out onto the floor create a pool of water under the fusebox . as Chuck zip down he pants , chili turn on the dryer . annoyingly , the dryer rattle and shake . suddenly the light bulb go off , plunging the twosome into near darkness . foreboding music enter the soundtrack ... chuck you break the electricity , man ! but yet , the dryer clatter on . from over by the stair , the SOUND of a metal object be kick against the door . chili and Chuck whirl around to look . a rusty old roller skate bounce down the stair and hit bottom with a clunk . chuck ( on edge ) who 's there ?! the door slam shut . CUT to : int . live room / staircase - day Laden with he and Debbie 's baggage , Andy enter the front door , trudge to the base of the spiral staircase and look up . andy whatever happen to equal rights for man ? Chris and Debbie , unburdene by luggage , reach the second floor landing . debbie ( to Andy ) stop bitching . you can not expect I to carry heavy thing in my condition . Andy grumble and start up the stair . CUT to : int . bedroom - day Chris throw open the door and allow Debbie to enter first . CHRIS this be my bedroom . it 's yours for the weekend . Chris walk over to the window and separate the curtain , flooding the room with light . she open the window -- a cool breeze blow in . Debbie survey the cheerful room with antique furniture that include a fold . japanese - style dress curtain . but there be one important element miss in this bedroom ... there 's no bed . debbie uh , Chris ... I do not mean to be picky , but ... where do we sleep ? with a impish smile , Chris go over to the closet and pull out a crumpled mass of netting . she hand it to Debbie . debbie ( perplex ) what 's this ? CHRIS you bed . debbie a hammock ? CHRIS have you ever make love in a hammock ? Chris exit , close the door behind she . debbie ( envision the pleasant possibility ) hmmm ... why not ? Debbie begin to unravel the nylon mesh when suddenly , a gust of wind topple over the japanese dress curtain . it hit the floor with a sharp slap . at the same exact moment , the door be kick open with a bang , slamming against the opposite wall . Debbie jump . it 's Andy . he squeeze through the door with the bulky baggage . andy ( look around ) where 's the bed ? with the back of he foot , Andy kick the door to close it . a instant before the door slam shut , we see a fleeting yet ominous , glimpse of Jason behind Andy in the hallway . CUT to : int . master bedroom - day Chris in close shot , look around the room , concerned about what she see . CHRIS ( call out ) derek , come in here ! wider shot include the whole room . the bed be a mess as if someone have sleep in it recently , the closet be open -- hanger on the floor , some linen strewn about , the dresser drawer be pull out and leave hang . derek come into the room carry a box full of wooden paddle with little rubber ball attach by a long elastic thread . derek look what I find . remember this ? CHRIS ( she attention focus elsewhere ) do you stay here last night ? derek ( look around ) no . I get here just before you do . CHRIS somebody be in here . derek goldilocks and the Three bear ? CHRIS I be serious . do not this look a little strange to you ? Chris begin straighten up the room , push in the drawer , etc . derek do not get paranoid . I be sure you parent leave it this way last time they be here . you know how messy you father be . if there be a phone here , I would call they up right now . derek move over to help Chris make the bed . CHRIS you have a answer for everything , do not you ? derek shrug he shoulder . derek ( gentle but firm ) I just think that it 's about time you stop look over you shoulder , always expect there 's someone come after you . that 's no way to live . Chris look at derek thoughtfully , but unconvince . they finish make the bed in silence . CUT to : ext . lake / cottage - day several six pack of empty beer bottle line a picnic table which be further cluttere with half - eat sandwich and the usual array of picnic goody . shelly and Vera sit across from each other , in the midst of a beer chugge contest . derek , Andy and Chuck sit on either side shelly , encourage he to victory . Chris , chili and Debbie , on either side of Vera , do likewise . Vera downs she next bottle with apparent ease . shelly balk as another beer be thrust in front of he . shelly ( nauseous ) no more ... I can not ! andy yes , you can . come on , shelly ! shelly relent and suffer the beer as it go down . the accomplishment be meet with a pat on the back . Vera , too , hesitates for a moment then chug she beer , this time more slowly and with a degree of difficulty . tipsy , shelly rise to he foot . shelly ( as if in control ) if you will all please excuse I ... shelly pick up he small black suitcase and walk off on wobbly leg . andy ( yell after he ) how could you let she beat you ? shelly grab he mouth and run past the house into the outhouse , slamm the door behind he . the sound of shelly vomit can be hear . int . outhouse lean over the hole , shelly wipe he mouth with he sleeve . weaken and defeat , he sit down and lean he head back against the wall , close he eye . a ominous tone enter the soundtrack ... from behind shelly , the camera move past he and look out from the heart - shape venthole carve in the door . from this distant vantage point , we can see up to a second - floor window where a shadowy figure ( Jason ) look down from behind a sheer curtain . shelly open he eye and listen to the other by the lake , have fun without he . he stand up and out of frame . ext . outhouse shelly come out of the outhouse . alone with he black suitcase , he start for the front door of the house . the ominous tone return to the soundtrack ... the camera crane up to the second - floor bedroom window where moment before the shadowy figure stand watch . the figure be now go from the window . only the curtain rustle in the breeze . the SOUND of the front door slamming . shelly be inside . CUT to : int . house - day camera be behind shelly as he ascend the spiral staircase . halfway up , he hear a loud thud . pause to listen , he turn he face around , right into camera . he hear nothing further and continue up the stair . when he reach the landing , he hear scream come from the lake . he rush into the bedroom which face the water . int . bedroom - day it 's Andy and Debbie 's bedroom where the hammock be now set up , drape with a bedspread . shelly look out on the lake . shelly Pov the scream be nothing more than playful activity . suddenly , the SOUND of a window in the room slamming shut . startle , shelly whip around to see the window beside the japanese dress curtain now close . Dust around the window have be unsettle . the japanese curtain waver . shelly can not see behind it . he edge over to the curtain and fling it aside . there 's nothing there . he exit . int . hallway - day he walk to he room at the far end of the corridor and push on the door to open it . it do not budge . lead with he shoulder , he bashes into the door . this time it give . shelly stumble off - balance into the room ( this be the same room which look directly down on the outhouse ) ! a high - pitched foreboding note enter the soundtrack ... shelly take a long look back down the hallway as he close the door . camera hold for a moment on the close door as the musical note intensifies ... CUT to : ext . lake / cottage - day a chill , bloodcurdle scream , from inside the house , shatter the calm by the lake . debbie what be that ? andy ( look around at the other ) where 's shelly ? vera I have not see he . derek ( take control ) come on !... he lead the other in a race towards the house and up the porch step . CUT to : int . house - day the group barrel into the house and assemble in the live room at the base of the stair . derek ( call out ) shelly ! where be you ?! CHRIS ( shouting up the stair ) be you all right , shelly ? silence . derek let 's spread out and check all the room . outside , too. ( to Chris ) you stay with I . CHRIS no . I can look around by myself . I will take the upstairs . the group disperse . the camera stays with Chris . she head up the spiral staircase to the second - floor landing . int . second floor hallway she look both way down the corridor and see shelly 's close bedroom door at the end of the hall . she approach , try the knob and push . the door be stick . she kick it open with she foot . the door slam against the wall of the room . CHRIS ( before go in ) shelly ...? the room be in order . Chris take a few hesitant step inside , look all around . there 's no trace of he . there be two closet in the room . Chris reach out for the nearest one and pull open the door . musical stinger ... shelly a axe imbed in he head , and bleed profusely , fall forward into Chris ' arm . she shriek as shelly 's lifeless body slide down she arm and slump to the floor . Chris recoil , scream in horror . derek and vera burst into the room . CHRIS ( sobbing ) he 's dead ... he 's dead ... vera oh , my God ! derek ( grab Chris and turn she away ) do not look ! let 's just get the hell out of here . Andy and Debbie , follow by chili and Chuck , rush into the room . they react accordingly , except Andy . he be curiously unaffected by the gruesome sight . he bend down over shelly . debbie do not touch he ! undaunted , Andy place he hand on shelly 's stomach ... and tickle he . shelly spring to life , giggle uncontrollably . the other gasp incredulously . andy get up , you creep . shelly look up at the angry mob . shelly ( a little worried ) I guess I fool you , huh ? CHRIS ( enraged ) why you little bastard ! I will kill you ! Chris jump shelly and pummel he with punch . the fake axe fall from he head as shelly fend off Chris . derek grab she and pull she off . derek leave he alone . he do not know any better . shelly it be a joke ... just a joke ... I do not mean to ... andy ( interrupt ) you never mean to . Vera glare disdainfully at shelly . she find he pitiful . vera I gotta get out of here . I will go get some more booze . derek ( throw she he key ) here , take my vw . CUT to : ext . cottage / barn - day the barn door be wide open . the SOUND of a engine choking and sputter to life . a rusted - out , old volkswagen beetle chug out of the barn . Vera be drive . clean all of he makeup and blood , shelly race out of the house and run alongside the vw , peer in at Vera . shelly let I go with you ! I gotta get away from here , too . without a word , Vera zoom off , abandon shelly . but when she reach the bridge , she brake and open the passenger door . elate , shelly bolt to the car and jump in . the vw take off ... CUT to : int . package store - day a cashier ring up the total as a co- worker bag several six - pack of beer , bottle of cheap champagne and assort munchy . Vera stand at the cash register , search she pocket for money . cashier that will be $ 23.50 ... and we do not accept no food stamp . Vera sneer at the woman and look down the aisle for shelly . she find he leaf through a magazine rack . vera shelly ... I need some money . throw I you wallet . shelly dig into he pocket , come up with the wallet and toss it over to Vera . she reach up to catch it , but it hit the side of she hand and drop to the floor . Vera bend down to pick it up , but someone beat she to it . a black hand with ring on each finger scoops the wallet up first . fox ... a Black woman outfit in skin-tight black leather ... hold the wallet . Vera and she have a immediate and mutual dislike for each other . flanking Fox , on either side , be ali ... a strapping Black man with a full set of gold tooth ... and loco ... sport a bandana , gold earring and leather jacket . there be the three motorcyclist that we group have the run in with on the road earlier . as Fox and Vera stare at each other , shelly come up behind Vera . shelly be ... be everything all right ? vera ( look at Fox ) everything 's gonna be fine . shelly ( spying Fox with he wallet ) Excuse I , but I believe that 's mine ... Ali and loco leer at shelly and surround he . they lift he off the ground , each grab a arm . ali ( to loco ) make a wish . shelly ( frighten ) uh ... could I buy you two a bett or something ? Fox leaf through the wallet . Vera hold out she hand . vera I will take that , now . Fox continue rummage through the wallet . she pull out a prophylactic packet . fox ( read off the foil cover ) " a true trojan ... thin as a shadow , strong as a horse . " Ali and loco laugh and drop shelly to the ground . he quickly regains he foot . vera ( grab the packet from Fox ) that 's mine . she grab for the wallet . Fox be quick to react , pull it away from Vera 's reach . fox do not you mama teach you manners ? if you want somethin' , you ask nice ! Vera 's jaw tighten with restraint . shelly ( to Vera ) please ... be cool . vera ( to Fox , tooth clench ) May be please have the wallet . fox you mean , " May we please have the wallet ... mar 'am . " vera ( hold back with difficulty ) May we please have the wallet ... ( pause ) .... mar 'am . fox that 's good . that 's real nice . she toss the wallet to Vera . Ali , loco , and Fox share a good laugh . Vera and shelly pay for the booze , grab they package and exit the store . the three cyclist follow after they . CUT to : ext . package store - day camera track with Vera and shelly as they head for the car . in the background , Ali , Fox and loco come out of the store . shelly be they follow we ? vera ( look back over she shoulder ) yes . shelly gulp ! Vera and shelly quickly stuff the back seat of the vw with they package . the fact that three motorcycle be park directly behind they car be not lose on Vera . shelly be already in the car when Vera jump into the driver 's seat and start the ignition . side by side , Ali , Fox and loco strut deliberately towards the vw . Vera throw the car into gear and hit the gas pedal . the car lurch in reverse ... we hear the sound of metal crash . vera have deliberately back up into one of the cycle , start a chain reaction . the first one collide with a second . the second collide with a third . the three motorcycle lie in a heap . shelly ( look out the back window ) aw , shit ! enrage , Alice , Fox and loco race towards the vw and they injure motorcycle . ali get them . Vera quickly shift gear . the car chug forward and take off . camera pan with the car as it rip past the onrush gang , knock they aside , and zoom out of the parking lot . CUT to : ext . country highway - day the volkswagen beetle rattles as it speed past camera . CUT to : int . volkswagen - day shelly stretch he neck and look out the back window . vera see anything ? shelly just a dirty window . ( settles down in he seat ) next time , I will know how to handle a situation like that . let 's just hope that " next time " be not too soon . vera stop worry . I do not think they will bother to come after we . the rumbling of motorcycle can be hear in the distance . they both hear it . shelly look at Vera apprehensively . vera ( continue ) so , I be wrong . shelly turn to look out the back window . shelly I do not see anything . vera keep look . the roar of motorcycle grow louder as Vera floor the accelerator . CUT to : ext . hallway - day stand just off the road , abel , the old doom - sayer that the group pick up earlier , have he thumb out for a ride . as the vw fly by he without stop , abel look after it with eye that seem to know something be about to happen . CUT to : int . vw - day vera ( look in she rearview mirror at abel ) not this time , old man . the SOUND of approach motorcycle grow louder ... closer . shelly ( look everywhere ) where the hell be they ? I do not see they anywhere ! close up - vera look out the front window . vera Holy shit !!! vera' Pov swoop over a hill , in unison , three motorcycle head straight for they at top speed . it 's Ali , Fox and loco in black helmet . vera and shelly mouth open , eye wide with disbelief . ext . volkswagen Vera slam on the brake . the car skid to a stop . at the last possible moment , Fox steer she cycle deftly to the right of the vw . loco steer leave . and , Ali jump the car , fly over the top . as Ali land on the highway , the three skid into a U -turn . vera and shelly open they eye and look behind they . shelly brace himself as Vera gun the motor . ext . car the car take off . the motorcycle be in pursuit . Ali easily catch up with the car and pull up alongside the driver 's window . loco creep up on the passenger 's side . Fox move in behind the vehicle . ali smile at Vera . the sun glint off he gold tooth . vera smile back . ali whip out a heavy metal chain and smashes it through the windshield , right at camera . the windshield shatter . the car swerve out of control to the right , knock into loco , send he and he cycle fly off the road . as Vera regains control of the vw , Ali drop back next to Fox behind the car . Ali hand Fox the chain and signal for she to move up the passenger side . int . vw shelly watch as Fox move up alongside . vera get any good idea ? shelly maybe . he reach into the back seat and pull out a bottle of champagne . vera this be no time to celebrate ! shelly just keep you eye on the road . waving the chain menacingly , Fox pull up alongside shelly 's window . quickly , shelly unravel the seal and shake up the champagne bottle . vera what be you do ? shelly no time to explain . just listen . when I yell " stop , " you jam on the brake as hard as you can . okay ? vera ( pleased with shelly 's initiative ) you be the boss . fox haul back with the chain and ram it through shelly 's window , barely miss she mark . shelly shake the bottle as he pries up the plastic cork . fox rear back with the chain and ready herself to strike a second time . shelly aim the champagne bottle out the window . with a final flick of he thumb the cork fly out and strike Fox in the face -- a direct hit ! Fox reach for she face and fall backwards off she cycle . vera bullseye ! shelly ( shouting ) stop the car ! now !! Vera jam on the brake . ext . vw the car come to a screeching halt . angle on ali shocked ! unable to stop in time or swerve out of the way , he cycle run right up the back of the car and flip over on top of he . the vw shift into first gear and proceed unimpeded . Left in its wake be three motorcyclist sprawle out on the highway . int . vw vera this have be on helluva beginning to a quiet weekend in the country . shelly look at it this way ... thing can only get better ... right ? CUT to : ext . cottage / barn - day the sun cast a orange glow over the landscape as it slowly sink in the West . Andy be at one end of the porch work out -- strenuous calisthenics . chili and Chuck sit together on the porch swing , opposite Andy , share a joint . they watch Andy 's awe - inspiring performance as they rock back and forth . chuck maybe we should do some exercise . chili this be all the exercise I need ... she raise the joint to she mouth and toke on it . in the background , Debbie come jogging out of the wood , over to the small bridge and towards the house . behind she , the war-torn volkswagen beetle wind its way down the dirt road . Debbie turn and jog backwards as the car approach . chili , Chuck and Andy see the car come . the damage be evident even from a distance . they run from the porch as the vw pass Debbie and come to a halt just in front of the barn . chili , Chuck , Andy and Debbie surround the car . Chuck put he hand through the frame of the windshield and touch Vera 's face . chuck where 's you windshield , man ? debbie what happen to you guy ? be you all right ? andy the question be ... be the beer all right ? shelly and Vera grab the bag and get out of the car . they hand the package to chili and Chuck . vera we have a slight misunderstanding with that motorcycle gang ... ( she put she arm around shelly ) ... but shelly make they see the error of they way . shelly ( heroically ) it be nothing . together , shelly and Vera head for the house . Andy and Debbie linger by the car . barn through the musty darkness , a hulking hand reach out and stealthily push open the creaky barn door . it 's Jason . he peek through the crack and watch the group . derek and CHRIS come run out of the house . derek be dumbfounded at the sight of he abuse and batter car . derek my beautiful car ! what would you do to it ?! Vera and shelly pass he on they way to the porch . vera ( hang derek the key ) we be really sorry , but it be not we fault . shelly a few minor repair and it will be as good as new . derek run up to he car . Chris follow . shelly and Vera go inside the house . chili and Chuck follow behind , carry the package in . the barn door slowly close , unseen by anyone . derek examine the injury sustained by he car . derek this be too painful to look at . CHRIS why do not we drive over to the cove and watch the sunset . it will mellow you out . derek consider it for a moment . derek might be nice to get away from this crazy friend of yours . they jump into the car . the camera pan with the vw as it drive off , revealing Andy and Debbie lean against a tree , kissing . debbie why do not we go take a swim ? andy I do not know ... debbie ( seductively ) we would be all alone . we could do anything we want and nobody would see . andy sound disgusting . let 's go . he grab Debbie by the hand and run with she towards the lake . as they run past the van , Debbie break away from Andy . debbie you go ahead . I be gonna get a blanket . Andy continue to the lake , walk on he hand when he reach the dock . van Debbie slide open the side door and crawl inside . ominous music invade the soundtrack ... a pair of dark booted feet approach furtively . Debbie 's rear end be practically stick out as the boot sneak around the back of the van and edge they way towards she . abruptly , Debbie back down out of the vehicle , blanket in hand , and scamper away without see the prowler . prowler camera tilt up from the boot to reveal ... Ali , the Black motorcyclist . he 's carry a empty gas can and a siphon . his eye scan the area . there 's no one on sight -- Debbie be already down by the lake . he signal with he hand and out from the bush come loco and Fox . they scurry over to the van and duck down next to Ali who be unscrew the van 's gas cap . fox maybe we should not do this , Ali . loco we gotta even the score , do not we ? ali ( to Fox ) nobody 's gonna get hurt , baby . Ali stick the siphon down into the fuel tank and lay the gas can on the ground below it . loco try to grab the siphon from Ali . loco ( over anxious ) let I do it . ali ( authoritative ) I know what I be do . Fox 's attention be draw to the barn as she cohort continue with the task at hand . barn Fox cautiously pull open one of the two door . it creak loudly . she stop and look around to see if anyone have hear -- the coast be clear . she slip into the barn and pull the door close behind she . CUT to : int . barn - dusk Spears of fade sunlight , thick with dust , cut across the musty interior . Fox scan the premise . her face light up with the smile of a child in a toy store try to decide which area to explore first . this be you typical barn with a variety of heavy duty tool , some rusting ; see horse ; wooden bench and ladder ; a horse stall ; haybin , haystacks and a second floor hayloft ; and , several storage room . with the fascination of a street kid who have probably never see the inside of a barn , Fox wander through the rustic interior . in she high -heeled boot , she have trouble maneuver around on the muddy , hay cover floor . as she approach the toolsh , one of she heel stick deep into a sticky patch of mud and she fall forward off - balance . to stop she fall , Fox reach out for the toolsh handle . she grab it but the rotting old door tear off its hinge and she topple to the ground -- she face landing inch away from a pitchfork 's prong aim upwards at she . her eye focus on the sharp tooth of the pitchfork . alarm by the close call , Fox toss the implement away , get up and dust herself off . look skyward to the loft area , Fox move over to its ladder and start up . the ladder quiver as she ascend , apparently dislodge a bale of hay at the top and send it crash towards she . ( or , be it Jason ? ) Fox swing she body out of the way just in time . the bale whizze by she and hit the barn floor with a thud . she continue up the ladder and disappear through the loft flooring . CUT to : ext . barn - dusk Ali and loco have just complete fill up one gas can and be start to fill the second one . Ali stick the siphon in he mouth and draw on it . the gas begin to flow as loco shove the container into place to catch all the fluid . the SOUND of Fox wail like a wounded animal ... Ali and loco spin around and look up . Pov of barn Fox come swinging out , tarzan -like , from the hayloft on the rope attach to the block and tackle . she 's have a hell of a good time . fox ( shouting ) whoaaa ....! ali and loco watch she incredulously . ali ( shouting in a loud whisper ) quiet , woman ! get off that thing ! fox disappear from view through the square open in the loft . a second later , she reappear , swinging out on the rope again . fox but it feel so goooooood ...! she swing back and disappear from view once more . ali be not pleased . ali you be get I piss - off , Fox . we get work to do . barn this time the rope swing out from the loft ... without Fox attach . there 's a dead silence . the rope dangle . ali ( to loco ) go get she out of there . loco hunch over , keep he body low to the ground as he high - tail it to the barn and zip inside . CUT to : int . barn - dusk loco advance deeper into the barn , he eye look everywhere . it 's get darker , minute by minute . loco ( agitate ) Fox ... where be ya !? no response . loco ( continue ) stop foolin ' around . you be screwin ' up everything . still no response . loco ( continue ) shit ! he hear the SOUND of bang against the wall of the loft above he . he start up the ladder . loco ( continue ) you have have it now , woman ! I be mad ! loft loco come through the open and step onto the floorboard . the deep shadow hide the corner of the loft and loco have to squint he eye to see . right behind he , he hear the SOUND of the bang again . he whip around ... musical stinger ... in front of he , Fox 's body , raise off the ground and impale with a pitchfork through she and into the wall . her eye be open wide with a deathly stare while she foot kick against the wall with final spasm of life . blood flow from the penetration in she torso . the horrific sight be even too much for loco . he gag and grasp he mouth with he hand , choke back a scream . he turn to run ... another musical stinger ! loco 's face register shock and horror as he run smack into the tooth of a onrush pitchfork be thrust at he . he cringe and gurgle up blood as the prong be jamme through he stomach and out he back . he stagger , the pitchfork handle stick straight out of he gut . CUT to : ext . barn - dusk carry the two jug of gasoline , one in each hand , Ali be just outside the barn door . to gain entrance , he kick on the door and look around to see if anyone have hear he . he wait for one of the two to let he in . Pov of lake Andy and Debbie frolic by the waterfall , oblivious to the murderous going - on . ali still wait to be let in . he kick on the door again . ali ( loud whisper ) loco ... Fox ... open this damn door . frustrate by the lack of response from inside , Ali put one can down and pries open the door for himself . he fumble he way inside . CUT to : int . barn - dusk Ali close the door behind he and immediately hear footstep clomping around above he in the hayloft . ali what the hell be you two doin ' up there ? he rage over to the ladder and look up . his eye widen and mouth drop open . directly above he , loco , the pitchfork still protrude from he stomach , fall through the open in the loft floor , right at Ali . the two crash to the barn floor , together . Ali throw loco 's body off of he and struggle to he foot . he back away , fixate on loco 's engorge corpse and cry out for Fox -- a deep , moanful bellow . the camera dolly quickly into a close shot on he face . his eye focus directly in front of he as he scream right into camera . it 's Jason ! ali ( tremble ) noooo ! Ali turn and make a mad dash for the door . in he panic , he trip over one of the gas can . frantically , he crawl on he hand and knee to the door . he reach to pull himself up by the door and a large monkey wrench come smash down on the side of he face , bashing in he skill . he slump to the floor . in the distance , Andy and Debbie 's voice can be hear approach . from behind Jason , the camera move with he to a side window and peer out . through the window , we see Andy and Debbie , wrap in the blanket , come up from the lake . they be wet and drip . Andy pull Debbie along with he , towards the barn . debbie what be you do ? andy we have not look in the barn , yet . let 's take a look . debbie ( stop ) not now . I be cold . Andy move right up to the grimy window . shade he eye , he peek inside . he seem to be look right at Jason ( and camera ) , but he apparently do not see he . andy ( to Debbie ) how about a roll in the hay ? debbie you can play with yourself , ' cause I be go in the house . she turn back towards the house . Andy linger for a moment then catch up with Debbie . CUT to : int . live room / house - night the front door swing open , Debbie and Andy take one step in ... and duck ! andy and debbie' Pov a couple of little , red rubberball spring straight at they ( and camera ) , retract quickly and pulsate at they again . it 's shelly , a paddleball in each hand . debbie cut it out ! shelly can not stop now . Andy look into the live room . Vera , chili and Chuck be engage in the same child 's play . each wallop a little rubberball in they own inimitable style . vera ( adept ) ninety six ... ninety seven ... ninety eight ... ninety nine ... one hundred ... she continue without falter . chuck ( fumble ) one hundred ... ninety nine ... ninety eight ... he miss and try again . chili be hit the ball as if she be serve in a tennis match . it 's a veritable be ring circus . andy who bring up this bright idea ? shelly ( concentrate on the game ) we be look for something to keep we hand busy . it be either this or a orgy . Vera choose this . ( resign ) what be ya gonna do ? the fireplace be raging with a full - body , crackle flame . Debbie drag Andy over to the box of paddle racket in front of the fireplace and hand one to he . debbie how about you and I whack a couple of ball around ? andy if you insist . they join the other . rubberballs be fly from all direction ( at camera ) . CUT to : ext . cove / lake - night derek 's vw be park just off the road overlook the cove not far from the water . derek flick on the car 's headlight . they gleam right into camera . CHRIS be stand at the water 's edge , backlit by the headlight beam . derek ( approach ) be that better ? Chris nod and sit on the shore , look out at water . she rub the chill from she body . derek take off he jean jacket and put it around Chris ' shoulder . he sit down beside she . derek toss pebble across the shimmer water . moonlight glint like little star off the ripple . after a uncomfortable silence , derek look over at Chris . silhouett by the light , Chris ' profile be accentuate in all its vulnerability and sensuality . he put he arm around she . she tense up . derek want to kiss she , but do not . derek you know , I be not sure I could live anywhere else . the night be always so peaceful and quiet . CHRIS it 's deceive . derek what do you mean ? CHRIS the quiet can fool you . it fool I . you can never be sure of what 's out there . frustrate , derek stand up and move to the edge of the water , pick up handfuls of pebble and throw they . derek ( without look at Chris ) why do you come back here ? CHRIS ( hesitate ) ... to prove something to myself ... to prove I be stronger than I think I be . derek and , what about we ? CHRIS I be here with you . can not that be enough for now ? derek I do not know . I do not see you for month on end , and when I do , you put this wall between we . how do I break through ? CHRIS I be try . I be really try . derek sit down next to she , again . there 's momentary silence . derek what happen that night ? CHRIS you promise you would never ask I . derek after you leave I that night , I do not see you or talk to you again for a year . no one would tell I anything . all I know be what the police tell I . ( lean in to she ) we have nowhere to go unless you let I in . ( pause ) what happen ? Chris look into derek 's eye . CUT to : int . live room / house - night the SOUND of a rubberball hit the paddle racket with a constant , even rhythm . in close - up , the camera pan the stare bored face of chili , Chuck , Vera , shelly and Debbie until it stop of the intense , concentrate face of Andy -- the elastic and rubberball pass he face again and again . andy ... one thousand twelve ... one thousand thirteen ... one thousand fourteen ... what 's the World 's record for this ? shelly accord to the guinness Book , you pass the World 's record several whacks ago . andy ( genuinely excited ) I do ?! I break the world 's record . chuck who care , man ?! andy I do . he stop whack the ball . the other sigh with relief . andy ( continue ) you be all just jealous . shelly actually , I have no idea what the World 's record be . I be just kid . the other laugh . andy think you be funny ? well , I will just have to start all over again . the whole group jump Andy and wrestle the paddle away from he . shelly well , what do we do now ? debbie ( take Andy by the hand ) come on , champ , I think you and I can find something to do . Andy , dutifully and happily , follow Debbie up the wind staircase . chili ( to Chuck ) remember that strange look plant we see outside . let 's go smoke it . Chuck follow chili out the back door . shelly look around . Vera be the only other person in the room . they stare at each other , then look away . shelly I guess that leave you and I . awkward silence . shelly get a very determine look on he face like he be go to ask Vera something he have never ask a woman before . shelly ( sincere ) Vera ... you and I have have a chance to really get to know one another today . I like you ... very much . I be think that maybe . vera ( quickly interrupt ) do not say any more . shelly drop he head , deject . vera ( continue ) I be go outside for a few minute . we will talk when I get back . she turn away and go out the front door . shelly move over to the live room window and watch she . ext . house - night Vera amble down the porch step and when she reach the front walk , she survey the surroundings and breathes deeply . shelly - int . live room watch Vera stroll away . his disappointment be sketch all over he face . he turn away from the window and move over to the fireplace , look into the flame . foreboding music ... Jason 's dark , hulk frame move into the shot as he look through the window at shelly . shelly poke aimlessly at the hot amber , he back to the window , unaware of the lurking Jason . CUT to : int . bedroom - night Andy and Debbie be lock in each other 's arm in front of the hammock . andy how do we do it ? debbie ( deadpan ) first we take off we clothes , then you get on top of I or I get on top of you ... andy I know how to do it . I mean , how do we do it in the hammock ? without a word , Debbie remove she top garment . debbie think you can figure it out ? andy ( stare at she breast ) I will think of something . he wrap he arm around Debbie and fervently kiss she . CUT to : ext . cove / lake - night CHRIS and derek sit on shore , close together , somber . the headlight beam have dimme . the dark , desolate landscape loom around they . CHRIS I have never make love to anybody before that night . you make it so special , I hope it would always be like that for we . the camera begin to dolly slowly -- ever so slowly -- around derek and Chris . ** optional : the follow dialogue may be use as a narration over a flashback sequence . CHRIS when you drop I off at the house , it be very late . my parent be wait up for I . as soon as I get in the door , they start yell and cursing at I . I be so upset ... I tell they I sleep with you . my mother slap I . that be the first time she would ever hit I . I could not believe it . I run out of the house and into the wood as fast and as far as I could run . I be cry . they have destroy the most beautiful night of my life and I want to punish they for that . I decide to hide out all night . they would be so worried that they would be sorry for what they do to I . the wood be cold and damp from the rain . I find a dry spot under a rotted oak tree and I guess I fall asleep . ( take a deep breath ) all I can remember next be be startle out of sleep by the sound of footstep . I think it be my father so I hide behind the tree . but the footstep just stop . the wood be dark . I could not see anything . ( intensify ) I hear a crack noise behind I . I turn around and ... and ... oh , God ... there be this hideous look man . so grotesque he be almost inhuman . he have a knife and he start to slash away at I , again and again . I be so hysterical and I do not know how I be able to get away . I run and run , but he keep come . he be big but so fast . he catch I and pull I down to the ground and he ... he ... rip my blouse off . I be scream , but who could hear I ? then ... oh , God ... he drag I by the hair along the ground . I be kick and yell . he drag I deeper and deeper into the wood . oh , please ... please ... derek ( stroking she ) it 's all right , you be all right . I be with you . * optional : end flashback sequence . ext . lake - night CHRIS I ... I do not know what happen after that . I must have faint because the next thing I know I would talk about it . and I never have . not until now . I just want to forget . but I can not . I will never forget that horrible face . never . the car headlight suddenly snap off . CHRIS ( alarmed ) who 's there ? they look around . there 's no one in sight . derek it 's the battery , damnit . the two run up to the car . derek jump in and try to start it . the engine whirs but will not turn over . Chris look apprehensively at derek . he grab a flashlight from the glove compartment , flick it on and get out of the car . derek ( take Chris ' hand ) it 's no problem . we will just walk back . hand-in-hand , the two start down the wood path . CUT to : ext . lake - night camera shoot over the waterfall towards the dock . Vera stroll down the wood platform -- the old board creak beneath she . only the flow water can be hear as a darken , indistinguishable figure enter frame -- directly in front of camera -- and lower himself all the way into the lake by the waterfall . Vera roll she pant leg up to she knee . she dangle she long leg over the dock . her toe break the surface of the water , swooshing it back and forth . lake Air bubbles rise to the top . Vera do not see the darken figure as he swim beneath the surface of the water . the night be a symphony of sound : cricket scratching en masse , branch and leave fluttering in the evening breeze , water lapping at the shore . underwater Pov of Vera . she lean back , she arm bent behind she , she face arched upwards . vera' feet kick back and forth splashing the water . Air bubbles mark the trail of the approach underwater figure . Vera breathes in . the sensuous serenity deeply relax she . she begin to softly sing a song form she childhood in Spanish . underwater Pov Vera 's foot be a arm length away , kick towards the camera lens . she finish she song and lay back ... musical stinger ! the figure jump out of the water and grab Vera 's leg and pull she . Vera scream and lurch forward , almost slide off the dock . she reach out and cling to the side . the figure hold she calve and tug harder . Vera 's grasp be slip . she try to kick he off . suddenly , the figure release she limb and submerges underwater . Vera pull herself back up onto the dock . clad in a black scuba suit and white faceless mask , the rotund figure rise out of the water onto the shore . in one hand he hold a small spear-gun . with the other , he remove he mask . it 's shelly ! Vera glare at he . shelly you have just learn a valuable lesson . a beautiful girl like you should never go out in the dark alone . vera damn you , shelly ! Vera stomp off the dock towards he . shelly retract . vera ( continue ) why do you do this stupid thing ?! shelly ( look away ) I have to . vera you do not " have to . " shelly I just want you to like I . vera I do like you . but not when you act like a jerk . shelly be a jerk be better than be nothing . vera I never say you be " nothing " . shelly you do not to say it . I can tell . vera you be wrong . shelly hang he head and say nothing further . he just walk off towards the house . vera ( sympathetic ) hey ... I will be in , in a little while . we can talk some more . ext . cottage - night shelly trudge up the front walk to the porch and plop himself down on the porch swing , still clutching the mask and spear- gun . in a contemplative mood , he slowly swing back and forth . the taut metal chain that support the swing , vibrate and creak in a steady rhythm . shelly look down at the lake . shelly swinging Pov Vera sit back down on the dock , face away from the house . shelly be alert to what sound like the cry of a wounded animal emanate from the barn . he look over and see a shadow cross in front of one of the window . the cry continue . shelly jump off the swing and head for the barn with he mask and spear- gun at he side . ext . barn - night shelly come up to the window and look in . it 's too dark to see anything . shelly ( rapping on the window ) Chuck ? chili ? what be you guy do in there ? he hear rumbling inside , but no response . he move to the front door and pries they open . int . barn - night shelly come in and fumble for the light switch . shelly you guy doin ' something ' I should not see ? he find the switch and flick on the light . the very moment the light go on , a owl swoops down and aim straight for he head ( and camera ) . shelly drop the spear-gun and the mask to thwart off the bird with he hand . the owl fly out of the partially open barn door . shelly quickly close they . CUT to : ext . lake / dock - night Vera be pace , back and forth , on the dock . she stop at the far edge and peer into the water . vera' Pov float by be a woman 's bra ( probably , Debbie 's ) . Vera smirk as she lie prone on the board and reach with she hand , grab the undergarment and rescue it from the lake . she lean back into a kneel position and ring out the soggy bra . her heel dig into the rear pocket of she jeans , push a wallet out of the pocket onto the dock . Vera reach behind she and pick it up . it 's shelly 's wallet -- the one he give she at the liquor store . leaf through the content , Vera find he driver 's license and a photograph of shelly and he mother . she look around . shelly be nowhere in sight . assume he have return to the house , she get up to look for he -- as she rise , she hand knock against the dock . the wallet slip out she she grasp and bounce into the lake . vera ( watch the wallet sink ) that 's just great ! after a moment of deliberation , she take off she shoe and plunge into the water , diving after the billfold . she swim around underneath the surface , search with she hand . she rise for air periodically . she submerges deeper than the previous attempt . Air bubbles rise to the surface , establish she whereabouts -- a good distance from the shore . she come up for air once more , empty-hand . vera' Pov the dock . a dark figure , wear shelly 's white mask and hold the spear-gun , kneel at the edge of the pier . from the water , at this distance , Vera easily mistake the figure ( Jason ) for shelly . vera ( wave to the figure , shouting ) hey ... I drop you wallet ! I be sorry ! she start to breast stroke toward he . ominous music throbs on the soundtrack ... Jason raise the spear- gun to eye level . Vera swim unknowingly toward she demise . a few yard from the dock , she glide right into shelly 's float wallet . Jason aim the spear-gun . Vera , grab the wallet , she tread water and raise it triumphantly over she head for " shelly " to see . vera ( continue ) I find it ! she look up to see the spear- gun point right at she head ( and camera ) . vera ( panicked ) what be you do ? who be you ?! musical stinger ! Jason pull the trigger , release the spear . with a whoosh , the arrow penetrate Vera 's skull . a look of unmitigate disbelief on Vera 's face as she sink into the water . blood seep to the surface . long shot of lake and dock . Jason , in the distance , he back to camera , just stand at the edge of the pier look down into the bloody water . camera pan over to the house and crane up to a second floor bedroom window , glow from candlelight , and peer in . CUT to : int . bedroom - night the room be darken save for pool of light emanate from several candle -- one in each window , the other on the opposite side of the room -- lend a atmosphere of warmth and intimacy . camera dolly in towards the hammock which wildly rock bath and forth accompany by the sound of lovemake . Debbie and Andy be not visible in full -- only glimpsis of they naked limb and torso can be see above the curve side of the hammock . blanket and sheet hang sloppily over the edge to the floor . camera continue to dolly in as the sound grow more heat until Debbie and Andy be framed in a two shot as they climax . the thrashing about stop and the hammock slow down to a gentle sway . debbie that be the best yet . be it you ... I ... or the hammock ? andy I vote for I . debbie I vote for the hammock . Debbie attempt to get out of the hammock . it 's not a simple move -- she nearly fall to the floor take Andy with it . andy I be seasick . get in or get out of the boat . Debbie get out . she head into the bathroom and flick on the light -- bright and a strain to the eye . she turn on the shower . andy ( loud ) what be you doin ' ? debbie ( poke she head back in ) I think it 's call " a shower " . you might try it sometime . andy you be too clean for I . Debbie respond by close the door . int . staircase / hallway foreboding music pierce the soundtrack ... display a thick - blade machete , Jason ascend the spiral stair . Andy can be hear off -screen call loudly to Debbie in the shower . andy ( o.s. ) hey Deb ... can you hear I ? debbie ( o.s. ) ( from bathroom ) barely . andy ( o.s. ) ( louder ) I be go downstairs to get a beer . you want one ? debbie ( o.s. ) what ? Jason reach the landing at the top of the stair and disappear into the shadow . int . bathroom behind the sheer curtain , Debbie 's naked silhouette can be see lather herself in the shower . shower Debbie luxuriate in the soap and hot water . distorted through the plastic curtain , the door open . Debbie remain blissfully unaware as she soap she face . she hear a banging noise . her eye be close due to the soap and shower spray . debbie Andy ? no response . concerned , Debbie turn off the water and wipe the soap from she eye . look up , she see a shadowy figure poise in front of the curtain . quickly , she reach out and rip the curtain aside ... stare she in the face be a pair of men' foot and jean - cover leg . it 's Andy , walk on he hand . andy ( upside - down ) do you want a beer or not ? debbie ( relieved ) sure . Andy turn himself around and handwalks out of the bathroom . andy I will be back in a minute . Debbie jump out of the tub and shut the door . she return to the shower and turn the water back on . CUT to : int . bedroom / hallway - night close shot on Andy upside - down . camera move with he as he hand - step out of the bedroom . he whistle a upbeat tune as he go . a ominous tone enter the soundtrack , a haunt counterpoint to Andy 's whistling . Jason 's hulk frame be brace up against the wall in the hallway corridor at the entrance to the bedroom . Andy be unaware of Jason 's presence as he hand - walk right past he boot towards the staircase . off-screen , Debbie call out to Andy over the SOUND of the shower . debbie ( o.s. ) Andy ... be you still out there ? at the head of the stair , Andy stop and pivot around 180 degree , turn head - on into Jason 's boot . surprise , he look up . andy'' upside - down Pov of Jason in shelly 's white mask . a machete be poise above he head . musical stinger ! before Andy can react , the machete be thrust down between he leg , slice through he upside - down body . Andy 's ghastly scream reverberate as he topple backwards down the spiral stair . Jason retrieve he body . he drag Andy 's halve corpse up the stair and back into the bedroom , close the door behind he . CUT to : int . bathroom - night with the shower run full blast , the door close , and humming to herself , Debbie remain oblivious to the sound of the murderous activity . she rinse she hair and turn off the faucet . the camera move slowly in close on Debbie as she step but of the tub and dry herself off . she hear a crashing SOUND that seem to have come from the bedroom . she stand still and listen . debbie Andy ? you can have my beer . I do not want it . humming again , she wrap herself in she robe and swing the bathroom door open . int . bedroom the room be quiet , untouched . Andy be nowhere in sight . Debbie shrug it off , move to the bedroom door , open it and stick she head out . debbie ( call downstairs ) Andy , do not bring I a beer . do you hear I ? she stay at the door for a moment listen for Andy . behind she , in the bedroom , Jason creep across room . Debbie be unaware . debbie ( continue ) Andy ! answer I ! I hate when you do that . she slam the door shut ! peeve at Andy , she pick up a book ( Stephen King 's newest novel ) from a table and roll into the hammock top of the cover which hang all the way to the floor . she settles in . the hammock sway slightly . she find she place in the book and play with she damp hair , she start to read . quite unexpectedly from above she , a large drop of blood fall and splatter all over the white page of she book . alarm , she touch the fluid with she finger tip , examine it . debbie ( incredulous , to herself ) blood ...? she look up at the ceiling ... debbie' Pov wrapped around the rafter be Andy 's mangle , bloody corpse . before Debbie can scream ... musical stinger ! from beneath the hammock , hide by the cover , Jason 's hand reach up and around and snap she head back down , pin she to the pillow . the carve knife be drive through the back of she neck and pop out the front , right at camera . blood spurt all over Debbie 's horrify face . CUT to : ext . wood - night a flashlight beam spray directly into the camera lens bleach out the frame . derek and Chris silently walk along the dirt road lead back to the house . derek hold the flashlight . they footstep add to the cacophony of night sound . Chris ' eye dart about ; she 's become quite uneasy . CHRIS could we move a little faster ? derek sure , just watch where you be go . they start to job . the beam from they flashlight bounce all over the road as they run . suddenly and unwittingly , derek stride into a pothole , twist he ankle and fall forward . the flashlight fall from he hand . derek land in the arm of a dark figure stand on the side of the road . derek gasp as the man clutches he . Chris grab the flashlight from the ground and shine the light into the man 's face ... it 's abel , the age hitchhiker . CHRIS what be you do out here ? derek get back on he foot . the ankle be tender . derek you know he ? CHRIS sort of . abel I be one of the flock as be you my brother and sister . derek ( look askance ) yeah ... sure ... ( to Chris ) I think we should be go . they start to leave , but abel block they path . abel I can not let you go . derek look old man , we do not want any trouble . abel then turn around and walk away from trouble . derek come on , Chris ... derek hobble past abel . Chris follow a moment later . abel look after they as they go then up at the sky . abel I have do by best . I can do no more . Chris look back at abel as she and derek continue down the road . CUT to : int . kitchen - night Chuck stand at the stove , shaking a pot of popcorn over a light burner . the corn kernel be actively pop as Chuck lift the cover off the pot , revealing the white fluffy morsel as they fly up and out ( at camera ) . Chuck lean in to catch they with he mouth . he capture a few though more land on the floor . he quickly replace the lid . chili come in from outside with a flashlight in hand . chili I can not find the bong anywhere . can not you remember where you drop it ? chuck I can not even remember what day it be , man . chili it 's Friday the 13th . all the light go out -- complete darkness except for the blue fire of the light burner . chili scream over the sound of the pop corn . chuck ( alarmed ) what 's the matter ?! chili nothin ' . I be just foolin ' around . chuck do not do that to I ! chili flick on the flashlight and hand it to Chuck . chili here . go down the cellar and check the fusebox . chuck will you come with I ? chili be a man , man . chili take a kerosene lamp down from the window sill as Chuck reluctantly open the cellar door and start down the stair . chili ignites the lamp 's wick , illuminate the kitchen with a yellow glow . she carry the lamp over to the stove and set it down . CUT to : int . cellar - night barefoot , Chuck tiptoe down into the dark , musty basement . the flashlight beam preceed he every step as he slowly advance . to calm he anxiety , he talk to himself , outloud . chuck ( he eye rove all around ) there 's nothin ' to be scared of , man . just go over to the fusebox and check it out . you can do that . yeah , sure . his bare foot slosh in the line of the water puddle on the cellar floor as he near the fusebox . he raise the flashlight at the open box -- the fuse and electrical wiring expose . the main switch be in the " off " position . Chuck lift the switch into the " on " position . the naked basement bulb glimmer . chuck ( turn to go ) whew ... that 's better . musical stinger ! backlit and silhouett by the bulb be Jason -- a threaten sight . Chuck be startle and scared . before he can speak , Jason grab he face with both hand , lift he off the ground and throw he into the open fusebox . Chuck 's foot land in a pool of water as he hand make contact with the expose electrical wire . electricity zap through he entire body , electrocute he . the light blink on and off . CUT to : int . kitchen - night chili be stand at the stove shaking a second pot of popcorn kernel . the blink light be a annoyance , cause she to squint . then , the blink stop and the light go completely dead . the lantern remain the only light source . chili ( call out ) what 's goin ' on , Chuck ?! there 's no answer . then abruptly , something heavy bashes against the kitchen door . chili ( continue ) what 's goin ' on around here ? who 's there ? she pick up the lantern and go to the door . she hesitates then pull it open . musical stinger ! shelly 's corpse -- he skull split open , he face and chest bloody -- fall into the kitchen at chili 's foot . chili ( nonchalant ) get up , shelly . stop foolin ' around . she believe this to be another of shelly 's ruse . stepping over he body , she go to the basement stair and call down to Chuck . chili ( continue ) what be you doin ' down there , man ? int . basement holding the kerosene lamp in front of she , chili start down the stair . foreboding music drone on the soundtrack , accompany she . chili Chuck ? no answer . she stop at the bottom of the stair and pan the lamp from side to side . musical stinger ! suddenly , as though suspend from the ceiling , Chuck 's head and shoulder flop down in front of she , he arm outstretch and he face stark white . chili ( tremble ) oh , my God ... ( shouting ) help !!! she turn and run up the stair , the kerosene lamp shaking wildly in she hand . int . kitchen she bolt out of the basement and stumble over shelly 's body , fall to the floor . she look back at shelly and realize that this be not a joke and that he be , indeed , dead . she gag and , scream , grab the still light kerosene lamp and scramble to she foot . she run into the live room . CUT to : int . live room - night the fireplace be burn bright as chili dash to the base of the spiral staircase . chili ( look up ) Andy ! Debbie ! somebody help I ! of course , no answer . fireplace unseen by chili , Jason 's hand reach for a sizzling poker leave in the fire and pull out the red-hot iron . chili swing open the front door . the camera move in on she from behind . crying , she scream out into the darkness . chili Vera ! Chris ! where be everybody ?!!? she step out onto the -- ext . porch - night the camera continue towards she from behind . chili ( at the edge of the step ) oh please , be anybody here ?! she look all around . it 's deathly quiet . she whip around and run back into the -- live room right at Jason and into the scorching poker . it burn through she blouse and fries the skin around where it penetrate . dissolve to :