fade in : 1 ext . road - day the track be silent . the camera look at a sign . it read : camp crystal lake establish 1935 gradually we can begin to hear , in the bg , the sound of child play . CUT to : 2 ext . softball field - day in the bg a few dozen child , in camp uniform , be enjoy a game of softball . in the fg claudette be look for someone . claudette be 17 year old . she be pretty . she wear a t-shirt with " Assistant counsellor " write on it . she fill out the shirt very well . fail to find whomever she be look for , claudette walk quickly in the opposite direction . the camera hold on the game for a few second and we superimpose : JULY 4 , 1958 the children' voice fade slowly . CUT to : 3 ext . rifle range - day ecu as a counsellor squeeze off a shot . the paper target be rip in the black . the counsellor hand the weapon to a camper who snap in at the line . claudette shout up to the counsellor from the bg . claudette have you see Barry ? the counsellor smile . shrug . counsellor he and Chloe be at the Lodge last time I see he . claudette leave . the counsellor smile . CUT to : 4 ext . MAIN lodge - day two child run by carry indian headdress . claudette pass they impatiently as she see barry and chloe . barry be lean against the front rail of the porch , he arm behind he head -- the better to show off he physique to chloe , and Assistant counsellor , who be currently look at he with cow eye . in the bg we can hear a portable radio blaring out a everly Brothers hit . barry be 17 , handsome and out for all he can get . he be not ashamed for be catch with this other good - look girl . claudette we have get to talk . barry look at chloe , then ease off the rail . nod . barry okay . 5 barry put a arm around claudette , look over he shoulder at chloe , and saunter off with the former . the everly Brothers continue as we : CUT to : 6 ext . lake - day from over the top of a rack of canoe we see barry and claudette walk along the shore . claudette you say we be special . barry I mean everything . in the bg , child leap into the water . barry ( continue ) you know what I say , though . claudette I can not , Barry ... CUT to : 7 ext . forest - day the track go silent . barry &amp ; claudette walk along a path . this be not a aimless walk , for barry know exactly where he want to go . he leave the path and go to sit on a log in a small clear . claudette hesitates , then go to sit next to he . barry I care very much . he put a arm around she and draw she close . they kiss . they separate . claudette do Chloe kiss as good as I do ? barry decide to be politic . barry I would not know . claudette oh , you ... she kiss he and they be lock . a bird call , wheel across the patch of sky above . the camera shift to another angle : just beyond the thicket of lacy vine . it be a slow tracking shot which give the impression that we be watch the action from the Pov of another person , a unseen visitor ... watch the two teen - age Assistant counsellor make they first sexual encounter . this unseen observer will be call the prowler . barry reach up outside claudette's t-shirt to hold she breast . she reach up to take he hand away . barry claudette ... claudette somebody will see . barry no , they will not ... he end the argument by snake he hand inside she t-shirt so that part of she bra be expose . he seal she protest lip by kissing she . from the prowler 's Pov , the camera move to get a better angle . a hand move into frame and pull back some branch to clear the field of vision . a branch pop . claudette ( in a thick whisper ) somebody 's there , Barry . barry come on , claudette . a man 's not make of stone . claudette let 's go back , Barry ... barry I need you so much , claudette . barry lean in and unhook she bra . they kiss again , passionately . the prowler pause , then move , never see - - except for a bit of foot or hand -- from the Pov of the camera , closer and closer as the two teenager become more and more oblivious . closer . the theme have snuck in . it become discordant . it swell . closer . quick CUT to barry &amp ; claudette be face , they eye close , the perspiration streaking they flushed skin . suddenly claudette look up into the camera with terror . a hatchet flash into frame and claudette go down under the blow . the camera turn to barry . the prowler 's powerful hand have he by the throat . he backpeddle , try to get away . another angle : as barry be stop against a tree . a hunt knife soar against the leafy sky . barry grab the knife-hand at the wrist . the knife fall to the mossy floor of the clear . two hand go for the free blade . barry 's hand have it . there be a confuse jumble of struggle . onto the bed of moss fall the little finger of the prowler . reaction shot : barry , horrify by the sight . the prowler 's hand have the knife . it move quickly forward . we can hear the blade strike . barry stare up at the sky in a soundless shriek . mcu the moss where the finger fall . the prowler reach into frame , pick up the finger , and exit frame . quick CUT to : chloe , out search for the miss counsellor . she stand at the edge of the clear , she hand press on she temple , she throat fill with a scream of terror . the music have stop abruptly . the screen bleed to white . it be completely silent . CUT to : 8 title sequence the screen be completely black . a small white shape start to zoom towards the fg . the shape become a three - dimensional rendering of friday the 13th . just as it get to its final position , the friday 13 logo shatter a previously unseen pane of glass . there be a loud crash . the logo shift to the upper leave corner of the frame as we roll title , white on black . the theme music be a reprise of the theme we hear during the Forest sequence , now do in a childlike arrangement . title end and the music fade out . dissolve to : 9 ext . rural town - early morning the track be silent . in a long shot we see the one main street . a newspaper delivery truck drive away from the camera . a girl walk down the street . superimpose title : the present a medium shot in front of the bank reveal a day / date / time / temp sign which blink : friday , 13 7:01 60 degree friday , 13 7:01 60 degree we can begin to hear a small - town dj over as a pick - up truck move down the street past the girl in she late teens . she have a knapsack , a freshly scrubbed face , jeans , and a plaid shirt . she wear she hair in a long braid . she wear nike jogging shoe . this be annie . dj ( v.o. ) it 's 7:01 on Friday the 13th of June . this be Big Dave and it 's time for you lazy bone to get out of bed ! it 's black cat day in Crystal Lake . do not forget the big draw today to see who get we friday the 13 th monster surprise : either a man 's digital continuous readout watch or a panasonic color television set ! CUT to : 10 int . diner - morning in cu a hand move to turn down a old brown plastic radio from which Big Dave be do he morning - man routine . dj ( v.o. ) do not walk under a ladder ! do not spill any salt , do not ... the radio be turn way down . we see that the hand belong to trudy , a hefty waitress who wear she golden hair in a bun with a pencil stick in it . buddy , the boss , be see in the bg work the grill . the regular be there : five men and two women who always come in for breakfast . they be the retailer , the oil delivery man , the switchboard operator , and the cop . annie walk in the front door , cross the past the cash register and walk down the counter . salesman I be sick of they repeat . trudy I musta see that kojak 82 time . annie Excuse I . how far be Camp Crystal Lake ? salesman operator they gonna open that place Camp blood ? again ? trudy cop what be it , Eddie ? forty I hear they be gonna try mile ? it . eddie oil man ' Bout that . lotsa luck . salesman ( with a wink ) be a interesting summer . annie can I get a bus or something ? trudy not likely . Sam ? you goin ' out to the crossroad ? the oil man nod . trudy ( continue ) give she a lift ? that 's hallway . oil man ( pay up ) no sweat , trudy . let 's do it to it , kid . annie name 's Annie . oil man okay , Annie . let 's go . annie step aside as the oil man head for the front door . he be smirk . he 's fifty , strong , and bald . he make no attempt to hide he appreciation for annie 's figure . they exit . trudy I would not send my kid to that camp for all the tea in China . salesman ( kid ) I think you hate you kid . trudy look around , do a take , then laugh . CUT to : 11 ext . town STREET - morning annie walk a half step behind the oil man , head for he truck which be park there on the street . oil man all the girl up there gonna look as good as you ? annie I do not know . annie wonder if she should accept the ride with this guy . suddenly , from between two park car pop ralph , a crazy hobo who have two dead rat in he mouth , they tail in he tooth ; they swing from he like a strange beard . oil man goddamnit , Ralph ! get outta here . ( to annie ) do not worry about he . he 's harmless . ( back to Ralph ) g'won . git ! ralph it 's Friday the 13th . he giggle and skulk away . oil man climb on up , miss . the oil man give she a boost up and then climb aboard the rig . CUT to : 12 int . oil truck - day as the truck pull away , we see ralph through the windshield , stand at the edge of the road . he be angry and upset now . he pat he rat . the oil man shift , look over and smile . his two front tooth be miss on top . oil man must be the fourth time somebody 's try to reopen that place . annie Camp Crystal Lake ? he nod . oil man something always happen up there . he turn on the radio in the cab and we hear the dj again . dj ( v.o. ) ...of bed . I be gonna count to three and then you better get up . it 's 7:24 . a beautiful day . weatherman Dr. Jim say it 's gonna be a nine point five day . here 's meatloaf from the bat out of Hell album . CUT to : 13 ext . rural road - day the oil truck thunder along the road . CUT to : 14 ext . rural crossroad - day the oil truck have stop . annie stand alongside the driver 's side . oil man do not let the spook getcha , Annie . annie smile . annie no sweat . thanks a lot for the lift . he nod and shake he head with the sense of what might have be if he be thirty year young . he put it in gear and roar off . annie look around and see a old gas station . it be close . there 's a sign which read : " no Gas ' til Sat . " a mangey dog sit on the stoop watch annie . annie kneel down and call the dog . the dog come . annie pet he and then head off up the road . the dog watch she go . CUT to : 15 ext . rural highway - day annie be beginning to get worried about the time . it 's hot and she 's late . she look up . from she Pov a Jeep barrel along the road towards we . annie put out she numb . CUT to : 16 int . jeep - day from the driver' Pov , we see annie wait for a lift . the driver , unseen , shift down until annie be alongside . the Jeep , a uncover model , stop . annie smile a big delicious smile at we as we sit in the driver 's seat . annie hiya ! I be head for Camp Crystal Lake . can you help I out ? apparently the driver nod , because annie beam at we . she toss she pack in the back and hop aboard . the driver accelerate . CUT to : 17 ext . rural road - day the Jeep roar along the road . the sun and shadow keep we from see the driver . CUT to : 18 int . jeep - day still in the driver 's Pov , the camera watch as annie look around , admire the wood , the Jeep , the day . thing be go she way . annie I can not remember be this excited about anything . I want to be a teacher when I finish at Southern State . I guess I have always want to work with child . I hate it when people call them kid . sound like little goat . the forest outside the speed Jeep be deeper and sign of civilization have all but disappear . annie still turn and look at the camera when she speak to the driver . annie ( continue ) the job market for teacher be suppose to be the pit this day , but I do not care . when you have a dream as long as I have , you will do anything ... a look of surprise pass annie 's young face . annie ( continue ) be not that Camp Crystal Lake ? just back there ? CUT to : 19 ext . rural road - day in the fg the sign for Camp Crystal Lake . in the bg , the Jeep roar off into the distance . CUT to : 20 int . jeep / driver' Pov - day annie ( frighten , confuse ) I think we better stop ... please stop ... please ! stop ! the Jeep 's speed increase . annie ( continue ) please ! annie grab for the ignition key , but the driver 's hand dart out and slap annie away . we see that this hand be miss its little finger ! panicked , without any other recourse , annie look about she and then leap from the move Jeep , aim for the relatively soft underbrush alongside the narrow road . CUT to : 21 ext . roadside - day annie land , roll , be upend , scratch by bramble , and flip . she scramble to she foot and start run towards the camp . CUT to : 22 ext . rural road - day the Jeep stop , turn quickly , head back for she . CUT to : 23 int . jeep - day from the driver 's Pov we see annie run , look back in fear . CUT to : 24 ext . roadside - day annie 's foot pound the hard - pack dirt . she look over she shoulder to see the Jeep . the sun flare on the Jeep 's windshield , keep we from be able to see any detail of the driver . in a final desperate move , annie drive into the underbrush to escape . the Jeep skid to a stop . CUT to : 25 ext . roadside / wood - day the camera become the driver and chase into the thicket . branch and briar snap back at we . just ahead , the terror - stick annie stumble and fall . she scream as a knife flash past she in a blur . when the knife have pass , all we can see be a look of surprise on annie 's face . the camera pull back . her throat have be cut . she collapse out of frame . a bird soar across the sky above . the track be silent . CUT to : 26 ext . highway - day a gaily decorate camper-van travel along the highway . we hear rock and roll over come from a car radio as this much - in - need - of - repair vehicle pass a slower car . CUT to : 27 int . camper van - day in the camper van be three young people . they be full of fun , fresh and expectant as they head towards Crystal Lake . they be instantly likeable . at the wheel be ned , a short 22 - year - old whose well - develop upper body be a tribute to he weight -lift . he be nice - look , a joker who be always try to get some attraction . he be funny and alert . next to he be jack , a athlete whose clean - cut look be as american as popcorn . he be quieter , two year young and not as smart as ned . he have to think thing through . marcie be jack 's girlfriend . she be lean over the front passenger seat so she can messenger jack 's shoulder . she be a funny girl , pretty , and always look for fun . she enjoy every minute of every day . she have not be touch by tragedy . marcie sex be all you ever think of , neddy . ned there you be dead wrong . jack ha ! ned sometimes I only think about kissing woman . marcie find a sore spot on jack 's back . jack ow ! ned I be just wonder if you think there would by any other gorgeous woman at Camp Crystal Lake . besides yourself . marcie you be a true pierce of work , ned . marcie hit ned on the arm , playfully . marcie ( continue ) how about we last jay ? jack good call . jack reach into the glove compartment and come out with a joint . ned what about the dope paragraph in Mr. christy 's letter ? jack quote : control substance be expressly forbidden . possession or use of marijuana or alcohol on campground will mean instant dismissal . unquote . marcie we get two week before the kid even arrive . then I will act responsibly . until then , hit I . she take the light joint and toke . CUT to : 28 ext . camp crystal lake entrance - day the van turn past the sign that read : camp crystal lake --establish 1935 CUT to : 29 int . van - day marcie be wide - eye , look at the lush surroundings . marcie it 's beautiful ... ned yeah , and it also look like it have not see a coat of paint in six year . CUT to : 30 ext . camp drive - day the camera sees what ned see . the building be run down at the heel . it be the same camp we see in the early scene , but time have tear the place badly . the van pass the camera and we see the three new arrival look out the window . CUT to : 31 ext . MAIN camp area - day this be the main building . it be the building where Barry and claudette meet . outside be a flagpole , a small parking area , a large overhange tree . in the bg we can see part of the lake . in the fg there be a Jeep . CUT to : 32 ext . camp MAIN area - day a axe flash through the frame and hack apart the halve of a huge tree stump . the camera pull back to reveal a middle - age man in cut -off , a bare chest , hike boot and beat - up cowboy hat . this be steve christy . he be strong , charming , and engage . he be animated , always in motion , impatient with how long it take to do thing . in the bg the van come to a stop . no sooner have jack hop down , than steve be beckone he over . steve wanta give I a hand here ? jack smile and come quickly . steve ( continue ) Alice ? ned step down from the van and now we can see that he have have polio when he be a kid . his upper body be strong , but he leg be slightly deform . he and marcie hustle over to the big stump . steve ( continue ) wanta roll this sucker out of the way . Alice ? alice come into the ms . she be carry a shovel and a bucket and have obviously be work for a couple of hour . alice cabin B be ready . steve push on this side . Alice , this be Jack , marcie and ned. push . they exchange " hellos " as they bend to the work . steve ( continue ) that 's get she . thanks . I be Steve christy . welcome to Camp Crystal Lake . you get some grubby clothes ? climb into them . Alice , see if Bill have clean out the boathouse . I want he to start with the canoe . what happen to Brenda ? alice you tell she to sweep the court . steve set off . steve I would rather she paint . let 's go , folk . as soon as he 's go , ned turn to alice . ned I think we have two week ... alice shrug . alice you can change in three . CUT to : 33 ext . edge of lake - day the camera look down a long line of canoe , each with its hull up . a brush slap into view . bill be sweat while finish a coat of paint on the last canoe . bill be a thin , ascetic-look college sophomore . he rub he long thin rise with the back of he wrist as he hear someone call he name os . he turn to see alice at the bottom of the trail . alice Steve say for you to start on the boat . bill I finish the boat . alice nod slowly . alice I will tell he . she turn away . bill Alice ? the other show up ? alice everybody except the girl who 's suppose to handle the kitchen . Annie . bill put he brush in a coffee can of turp . alice look at he , then turn again . bill you think you be gonna last all summer ? alice I be not sure I will last all week . ( pause ) I will tell Steve . CUT to : 34 ext . girl be cabin - day steve and ned be rehanging a door . next to they be brenda , a dark eurasian girl who be try to do a good job of painting the wall . on the other side marcie be scraping some flaking paint . steve shim it up just a scooch . ned lever the door higher at the top . steve ( continue ) perfection . hold it . steve use a long ratchet screwdriver . steve ( continue ) to answer you question , my parent once own this camp . there be some tragic accident and they go bankrupt . I promise they I would reopen if I could . see if it close right now . ned swing the door on its hinge . ned look good . steve perfection . do you meet Brenda ? brenda turn and nod . steve ( continue ) she 's archery . he 's rifle range . and I be behind schedule . let 's go , ned . they exit with the tool box . marcie stop and turn to brenda , who look upward and blow the hair from she forehead . CUT to : 35 ext . edge of the lake - day steve , alice , brenda , marcie , ned , jack and bill be lug a swim float down to the water 's edge . steve supervise as he carry the thing , which be quite heavy . they ad - lid as appropriate . ( " there go my hernia . " " be you sure you be lift ? " " not so fast . " " I be walk backward . " ) they drop the thing carefully . steve come on back here and let 's above the float in . they get behind it and shove it into the water . ned hop aboard for the ride , flipping into a handstand . CUT to : 36 int . equipment shed - day the screen have go completely black . the door to the shed be whipped open quickly , let in the full brightness of the sun . there be a shape . the camera irise down so that we can see that jack have come in on a errand . as jack look around , we can take the time to see that there be a half - dozen lantern , a few can of lantern fuel , a couple of hibachis , some entrench tool pack , portable ice chest , etc . up on the long side wall be a half - dozen hunt knife in sheathes , also hang neatly . suddenly a hand come into frame and touch jack on the shoulder as he be preoccupy with he task . jack turn with a start . he look into the camera . reverse Pov to see marcie stand in the doorway . marcie what be that for ? a indian raid ? she point to the row of hatchet and knife . jack Steve 's get a woodlore program . you see any life ring ? marcie look behind some pile up equipment . she pull out two ring . marcie here . meet I in my cabin after tap . okay , camper ? she kiss he on the cheek and give he a playful goose . jack for sure . they exit together . CUT to : 37 ext . art &amp ; craft cabin - day steve christy come upon alice , who be renailing floorboard on the porch of the Arts &amp ; craft cabin . on the railing be a sketch pad which Steve thumb through . insert : alice' sketch . it be a moody pierce , a sense of forebode dominate it . otherwise , it be the camp 's central compound , feature the tree that form the central focus . steve you draw very well . alice oh , thanks . I wish I could spend more time at it . alice miss a nail and hit she thumb . she react good - naturedly and keep on work . steve bend down next to alice . steve this be not you cup of tea , hunh ? she shake she head . steve ( continue ) any particular reason ? alice just a feel . ( pause ) nothing personal . steve ( nodd ) you want to leave ? alice I do not know . probably be best for everybody . steve you may not care a lot about this place , Alice , but I mean to make it my whole life . it 's be my whole life . gimme a chance . stay a week . help get it ready . next Friday , if you be not happy , I will put you on the bus myself . I will be grateful . he put out a hand and run the back of it across she cheek . she look up . she nod . alice next Friday . steve thanks , Alice . he stand up . steve ( continue ) I have get to go to town and pick up the trailer and all that other stuff , but I will be back around ten . if you be still up , we can talk , okay ? alice sure . she watch he cross out of frame . CUT to : 38 ext . MAIN cabin area - day ( later ) steve be at the wheel of he Jeep . the counsellor be stand within earshot , huddle around the Jeep . jack you want it list separately ? steve yeah . Brenda , after lunch hit the archery range . if Annie get here , have she start in on the kitchen . do you best . tomorrow we have a preliminary inspection by the state safety people . I would like to look good . he wheel the car around and out the driveway . the other stand look before ned break the silence . ned he neglect to mention this place be call " Camp blood " downtown . they be all get back to work . alice how come ? ned some camper drown . then some counsellor get kill . bill no shit . when ? ned late fifty sometime . they never catch the guy who do it either . marcie neddy collect weird fact . next he be go to tell we that there be poisonous snake in the outhouse and green lizard in the lake . as they laugh , the camera hold on alice . CUT to : 39 ext . archery range - day brenda have she sleeve roll up and be do she job . she enjoy have the responsibility for the whole safe operation of this area . she like to think of herself as more sophisticated than she be -- or have other think she more sophisticated . brenda roll a straw target out from under the lean - to shelter and head for a tripod in the middle distance . there be already two such target out , a product of she effort so far . the target be heavy . this be not a easy one - person job . the camera close in tighter and tighter on she as she get closer to set up the target . in mcu , she lift a target up . her head be very close to the face of the target . she get it up , let the tripod take the weight , and then , just as she lift she weight back , a arrow streak into the center of the gold , miss she head by eighteen inch . brenda whip around . we see what she sees : a very cocky ned , stand by the lean - to with a bow in he hand and three more arrow knock simultaneously . he have a feather stick in he hair . she grab the arrow and storm at he . brenda you be crazy ! she snap the arrow in half . ned do anyone ever tell you you be beautiful when you be angry ? brenda ( pluss ) I do not believe you ... ned want to see my trick shot ? it 's even better . brenda still think he 's a jerk , but he 's so outrageous there 's little she can do . she laugh . brenda ( still laugh ) you ever fire one of that bow again , and I will tack you up on the wall to dry . ned God , but I love that sexy talk . brenda snatch the bow from he , shake she head and put the bow down next to a collection of wick - look arrow . CUT to : 40 int . art &amp ; craft cabin - day this be a fairly large single room . the wall be bare and uninsulate . there be a few easel , but for the most part , the room be dominate by long table and rough-hewn bench . the light seep through the streak window , make the grey wood interior appear silver - color . alice , she hair in a bandana , have just finish sweeping up . the camera pick up on alice 's sketch of the central camp area on one easel . on a second easel she have do the preliminary sketch of the lake itself . it be also a moody picture . alice cock she head to look at the sketches , shiver just a little , then go on to she next task . there be a row of newly - arrive cardboard box . she open the first in cu with a matte knife . she take out the invoice and check it against the first item : gimp , the plastic string from which all the camper will make lanyard . CUT to : 41 ext . art &amp ; craft cabin - day we watch through one of the dusty pane , see the charcoal sketch in the fg , alice in the bg check she material against she invoice . CUT to : 42 int . art &amp ; craft cabin - day ( intercut ) alice snap around , sense that she be be watch . in cu she frighten face look at the sun-drenched dusty pane . her face relax until bang ! the sound of a door slamm echoe through the room . the camera zoom back from she face to see someone stand in the doorway . it be bill . bill sorry . how you do ? alice smile , then turn back to she job of take inventory . bill watch she . alice do you want something ? she start to take a box down from a high shelf . she do not realize that there be something on top of the box . bill Steve say you be think of leave . true ? alice un-hunh . alice lug down the box and suddenly a bunch of leather - work tool clatter down , shatter the silence . alice fend off the fly implement and bill rush to she side . alice ( continue ) oh , my God ... bill you okay ? she nod . bill ( continue ) you be lucky . they stoop down to pick up the fall tool from the floor . bill look at she while they work . bill ( continue ) how come you be leave ? alice it 's long and personal . it have nothing to do with you or the other kid . bill maybe I can help ? alice look at bill and smile . this really be a very nice , if naive , young man . alice and it 's this place . it make no sense , but it spook I . bill ( smile ) you be right . it make no sense . as alice nod , she be interrupt by a shrill scream outside . CUT to : 43 ext . art &amp ; craft cabin - day marcie be the source of the scream . she run towards the camera , dress in cut - off and a floral halter . her foot be bare . when she get closer , we see that she be be chase by jack and ned who have find two giant green bullfrog . the scream be not serious and marcie be do some of it for effect . brenda bring up the rear . they be all dress more or less for a frolic in the lake . bill and alice stand in front of the Arts &amp ; craft cabin . bill be smile , alice be a little bit amused . marcie help I ! save I ! the frog people be after I ! it 's swim time at Camp Crystal Lake . come on , Alice , I need protection ! CUT to : 44 ext . crystal lake - day a long wide shot reveal the cool , clear lake during the lull of a hot afternoon . at the edge of the lake , in the shallow , be the member of the group : marcie , jack , ned , brenda , bill and alice . they be sit or paddle or diving off the float . there be no real attempt to exert too much energy . gradually we become aware that this long wide shot be someone 's Pov . the camera move from its stable position , now hand -held , on a trajectory around the side of the lake , out of sight . branch , brush , and twig be butte through . occasionally , we can see part of the prowler 's arm fend off the underbrush . CUT to : 45 ext . water - day the group sit or lie in the cool water , more or less focus on ned , who be act as moderator . ned what do you want to be when you grow up ? brenda dancer . marcie cowboy . ned Girls can not be cowboy . marcie okay , fireman . ned go to jack . ned Jack ? jack coach , athletic director somewhere . bill filmmaker . alice artist . ned Doctor . now , if you be a flavor of ice cream , what would you be ? marcie Rocky Road . they laugh . CUT to : 46 ext . MAIN camp area - day the prowler look in long shot down at the lake and we can just make out the counsellor . the camera pan and we move toward cabin . CUT to : 47 ext . lake - day alice be tread water , talk with brenda , as ned come up out of nowhere . brenda vitamin C 's suppose to neutralize the nitrite or something . ned surface between they . he look with googly eye at alice . ned there be sand shark in this lake and they can eat the bathing suit right off you . alice laugh . ned ( continue ) see ? I be get to you . very slowly . ned do a porpoise drive and disappear . brenda be not laugh . she be look off towards the cabin area . alice see she and look where she look . alice what would you see ? brenda I do not know . marcie 's get I paranoid . she smile . CUT to : 48 ext . behind alice' cabin - day the camera , shoot from the prowler 's Pov , move to a place alongside Alice 's cabin . there be underbrush about two foot tall and all around that area . the prowler stop , lean down and reach into frame with a glove hand . the glove hand reach into the underbrush for the tip of a burlap bag which have be secrete there . the hand lift the bag , which have something in it that move . the camera move around to the side of the cabin right below the window . the window be open , make entry quite simple . the prowler 's glove hand untie the neck of the bag , reach in and haul out quickly a medium -size snake . one hand have the animal firmly behind the jaw . the hand take the snake and put it through the open window , leave it on the clean white coverlet . it slither across the bed . the prowler 's hand close the window . the camera move towards one of the shed . CUT to : 49 ext . edge of lake - day bill and alice be lie on the shore on they towel , watch the other in the water and grab some afternoon sun . alice be on she stomach , trace angular design in the sand . bill be on he back , listen . bill it still hurt ? alice I walk into it know I would get hurt , but I think I could stand anything . ( pause ) I just be not ready for that kind of pain . we be suppose to meet in l.a . when I get back there , he send a telegram say he be go back to he wife . bill turn over so he can look at she better . bill what will you do when you leave here ? alice I do not know . various foot enter the frame . bill and alice look up to see jack with he arm around marcie , ned toweling he head , and brenda put on she blue workshirt . marcie pistachio , fudge ripple , creme de menthe and I be go back to work . bill get up . bill speak as black raspberry , I guess I be ready . frozen yogurt ? alice smile at the reference . alice I will be along . ned ( in a nelly voice ) do not burn that gorgeous body , or I will scratch you eye out ... they head off . alice turn over to tan she front . CUT to : 50 ext . forest - day a machete rip through some vine . again it hack at the brush . pull back to reveal bill clear away the year of vine growth which have choke off a path . he wipe the perspiration from he eye and continue along . CUT to : 51 ext . behind the MAIN cabin - day set up behind the cabin be a make- shift exercise area . there be chin bar -- pipeslash between two tree -- and there 's a aging set of parallel bar . there be even a set of weight make from tin can , pipe and assort amount of cement . ecu of neds 's face in a distort , twisted expression . he explode he breath . we pull back to see brenda watch ned work out on the uneven parallel bar . he be really very good and there be no doubt about he strength . brenda not bad . as ned move off the apparatus , brenda come in and do a neat little turn which be dazzle . ned do a take . ned Holy shit ... brenda we would not want you think you be the only show - off in camp , would we ? CUT to : 52 ext . lake - day the sun have drop lower on the horizon . the camera look down on alice as she sleep peacefully in the late sun . a shadow pass across she face , and she awake with a start . CUT back to see bill stand over she with a machete . alice I do not know I be asleep ... what time be it ? bill almost five . alice get up . alice now I be only eleven hour behind schedule . Steve be go to have a small cow . they walk away from the shore . CUT to : 53 ext . alice' cabin - day alice be walk quick than bill . we realize we have see this cabin before -- when the snake be place in it . bill you can only do what you can do . alice and then Steve look at you with that hurt eye -- like you do not care about child ... bill laugh at she imitation . alice ( continue ) I will see you later . she turn to go up the step to she front door . bill Alice ? she stop and look down at he . he be serious and he care . alice appreciate what 's she 's just hear . she know that it be not easy for bill to say . alice you be very nice . they share a short silent moment . bill hope you will . bill smile and turn and jog off , still carry he long blade . alice watch he go . she shrug . this might be a good place to stay . she turn and go into she cabin . CUT to : 54 int . alice' cabin - day in the fg be the camp bed with its white coverlet . the snake be nowhere in sight -- which mean it could be anywhere . alice be hum to herself and be happier now than she have be since we meet she . the room be small . there be the metal - frame cot , a old wooden dresser with a cloudy mirror on top . the wall be a light blue , freshly paint . the wall on the inside do not go all the way to the ceiling so that she can monitor what 's go on in the camper ' section of the cabin on the other side . alice look at herself in the old cloudy mirror and like what she see . she push she hair so that she look a little sexier . she smile at herself . she reach out in cu . open a drawer . take out a towel . alice turn and go to she footlocker . bend down and open it up . take out a terrycloth robe . she close the footlocker , stand up and head out the door . CUT to : 55 ext . alice' cabin - day alice head from she cabin to the shower . CUT to : 56 int . shower room - day alice walk into she room wear she bathrobe , she hair in a towel -turban . she flick off she shower clog , and look for she hairbrush . she take she towel off and let she tangle hair fall down . she hum . open she top drawer . nothing there . open the next drawer . nothing there . open the next drawer . nothing there . alice open the fourth drawer and the snake strike ! it flail at she right wrist , a wrist which we have establish earlier as have a navajo bracelet on it . the snake strike the bracelet , hang on as alice try to shake it free . the snake fall to the floor and recoil for another attack . there be no way that alice can get past the snake to run away . her scream be loud . CUT to : 57 ext . MAIN cabin - day bill , return from he last half hour of trail - blaze , hear alice . alice ( o.s. ) help ! bill do not hesitate . carry he machete , he run to alice 's cabin . marcie and jack follow in the bg . CUT to : 58 int . alice' cabin - day alice be back against the wall . the snake could strike and get she . bill run into the room , still carry he machete . he look at alice . alice ( a tight whisper ) there 's a fuck snake in here . bill see it . he freeze , then take a step forward . carefully , he wind up and smashes down with the edge of the machete , cut the snake into two piece . blood spurt onto the floor . marcie and jack enter . jack carry a shovel as a weapon . marcie stop when she see the embrace , but then look further to see the blood and gut . marcie Steve never mention serpent . Jack , would you get some paper towel ? jack nod and exit . alice how the ... do he get in there ? bill slipped in . probably like the scent of you perfume . jack return and toss a roll to marcie . marcie thanks . bill you okay now ? alice nod . bill give she a extra hug . then step back awkwardly , step on marcie 's big toe . marcie go ahead . I walk on them all the time . ( to jack ) would you shovel Mr. snake outta here ? jack nod . he pick up he shovel and we see in cu as he get underneath the wide - fange snake . marcie begin to clean the blood off the floor with the paper toweling . CUT to : 59 ext . camp - late afternoon look across the lake , we can see the camp , nestle in among the late afternoon ray of the sun . we can hear the sound of the nocturnal animal beginning to rise and hunt . CUT to : 60 int . camp kitchen - late afternoon the kitchen and the main meeting room be really one in the same room , cut off by a partition . the kitchen have a couple of sink , a heavy old stove , long shelf , a pantry / larder , and some window which look out on the rear . brenda be make a salad for herself . she be a vegetarian . marcie be make a guacamole dip . in the big room there be a fireplace and a ping pong table . jack and bill be play . brenda jack she all right ? get ready for the schneider . marcie bill yeah . scare the hell out no chance . of she . jack brenda four zip . how would it get in the drawer ? alice walk into the kitchen . she have wash she face after get she act together . she stand in the doorway to the kitchen . marcie how you doin ' ? alice okay . can I help ? brenda it 's catch as catch can . I be make a salad . the guy be plan to cook greaseburger for themselves . marcie there 's a lot of dish if you just want something to do . alice smile . nod . alice the way I feel , that 's perfect . alice go to the sink and begin to work she way through the dirty dish pan . ned come fly through the door dress in various bit and piece of old indian costumery . he do a bad dance . jack and bill quit they game and come to the doorway . jack bill what the hell ? where would you get that stuff ? marcie brenda oh , Lord ! neddy ! jack it 's gonna be a long summer . ned wait , wait ! when I be find this goody in the shed . I also find this letter which a camper never send home . listen . he take a letter out of he breechclout . he pretend to read , when really we can see that the paper be blank . ned ( improvise ) dear Mom and dad , Camp blood be real fine except for the strange man who fly at night and suck we counsellor 's body ... alice lean against the sink and laugh . she be a very pretty girl , young than she first appear . ned ( continue ) and , mommy , we really love we counsellor . he say that whenever I be scared , I can sleep in he bunk with he . jack and bill laugh . ned take off he headdress . ned ( continue ) no wonder they lose America . how could you sneak around in the bush wear that ? what 's to eat ? brenda whatever you make yourself . alice look up from she dish and cock she head to the side . do she see something ? the camera pan slowly to look over she shoulder . the window pane be dirty and it 's a bit difficult to see , but there be something stand there out by a cabin . but it stand , do not move ... be it a building ? CUT away to see alice use she dishcloth to clear the glass . when we CUT back , the shape be go . reaction shot : alice . curious . a cold chill ... alice look around at the other who be still adlib about food . brenda jack how can you eat that stuff ? you like they rare ? look like dead animal . bill ned too bad that Annie never cannibal . it 's old show . she be suppose counsellor . to be a good cook . brenda marcie you can get all the protein no way I be gonna play chef you need if you mix they to all of you guy . it 's right . woman 's lib from here on out . ned the squaw be revolting ! alice look up . pull the light cord in the middle of the room . the bulb do not light . alice pull it again . bill trouble ? alice bad bulb or no power . it 's get a little gloomy in here . jack Steve teach I how to use the emergency generator . the town power line be suppose to be real shitty . ned God , but I love that macho talk ! emergency generator ! the indian use campfire . jack turn to bill . jack give I a hand ? bill for sure . CUT to : 61 int . generator shed - late afternoon jack step in and , in cu , we see there be a puddle where he be stand . the puddle be somehow significant . bill lean over jack 's shoulder to see what he 's do . bill this be almost like the one at my uncle 's cabin in Maine . jack here we go . the camera watch jack 's action tightly . in a reverse Pov we see jack 's tongue come out the side of he mouth as he concentrate . he bite down on it . another angle : as jack pull the starter cord . the engine roar into action . jack ( yell ) now ya ' close the switch . cu as jack 's hand reach in and touch a heavy - duty metal switch . a spark arc and we pull back to see jack with a perfect connection run through he body . there be a sparking sound , the little light in the shed blink , jack scream , the generator chug roughly . hundred of volt be streaking through jack 's body and ground through he wet shoe . bill react quickly : know better than to touch he and continue the connection , he take a half - step backwards , aim at a oblique angle and execute a perfect Bruce lee-type drop - kick on he friend , sever the contact . jack stumble out of the shack and the light go dead . the machine stop . CUT to : 62 ext . generator shed - late afternoon jack land , almost unconscious . bill kneel into frame and cheek jack 's vital sign : he eye , he carotid pulse , he breathe . jack shake he head . jack I will be okay . Holy shit ... bill do not get up . take a second ... jack lie back down . cover he eye with he arm . jack you save my life . bill I have to . jack thanks . bill I figure if I do not save you . I would have to give you mouth - to- mouth and that would have ruin my appetite . jack look up and smile . bill give he a hand and the groggy athlete get to he foot . jack whew . satisfied that jack will not fall down , bill go to the shed and look in . we can look in over bill 's shoulder and see a smoke - scar switch and a now -silent generator . bill this puddle be enough to ground you all the way to China . jack look in , too . jack floor probably leak . this area be full of spring . bill a short somewhere . bill lean down and see a smokey - color wire that touch another wire . bill ( continue ) there 's the problem , Jack . Wire work itself loose . he start to wind it round a set-screw in cu . jack just in cause this bugger go bad . I be gonna pick up some lantern from the equipment shack . jack walk away . CUT to : 63 int . equipment shed - dusk the door open at we , let in the limited light . jack come in and go to pick up a fluorescent lamp . he flick it on . as he bend down to pick up two coleman lantern , the camera slowly move toward the wall where once we see all the hatchet and knife . they be all miss . jack take he booty and exit . the light be go and we be alone in the dark . CUT to : 64 int . kitchen - dusk ecu of the lightbulb over the kitchen area . it flicker on as we hear in the bg the sound of the generator start up . the bulb glow , go down , glow cheerily . ned what hath God wringht ? brenda that be the telephone . ned ha ! you wily oriental ! the phone be " Mr. Watson , come in here , I need you . " " what hath God wringht " be the telegraph . jack come in with he lantern follow by bill . marcie last line of go with the wind ? ned frankly , scarlet , I do not give a damn ! alice listen as she wash the dish . it look as if thing will be okay . brenda show how much you know . it 's something about tomorrow . alice tomorrow be another day . brenda right ! right ! marcie be finish up make she green California dip . suddenly alice cry out . everybody whip around to see . alice hold up a piece of break glass -- the bottom half of a bottle . she have cut she finger . it be not a serious cut , but the blood be visible . alice this just plain be not my day . bill reach into a cupboard and pull out a bandaid . marcie ned you okay ? that thing can be nasty . brenda wash it out real good . bill come up to alice . bill lemme see . do not look too bad . that say , the other go back to what they be do . bill and alice be feature even though we can hear the other . bill take great care and put the bandaid on alice 's finger . they share this moment with soft smile as the trivia contest continue . ned who play the role of gorgon in Star Trek ? bill brenda I do not want you get melvin belli . hurt . ned alice aaaargh ! that my I be careless . guarantee winner ! bill marcie how would it get in there ? melvin belli ? alice somebody probably drop something too hard . ned Alice , you be just lucky there be no snake in the dishwater here . neddy be hover over a bowl of California dip which marcie have just make . he dip a chip as soon as she step back . marcie soooooeeeeey , piggy , piggy . suddenly ned 's face go red . his eye bulge out . he grab he throat and gag . cough , can not clear it . jack what be it ? bill be it stick ? ned point to the dip and slump down on the floor where he writhes about . marcie alice help he ! oh , my God ! bill jack Roll he over ! get behind he more . as bill and jack flip he over to try to give he the heimlich , ned stop he act and grin from ear to ear . it 's a big finish : ned ta-da ! reaction shot : as it sink in that ned have be put they on . jack not funny , ned ... bill stand up , angry , but willing to keep he mouth shut . marcie wait will you be really in trouble and see what happen ... ned but it 's in the brochure ! " Camp Crystal Lake have a full drama program . " you just see it . ned try to laugh it off . they shake they head . marcie walk away . jack look at bill . bill chance to get even ? jack I will spot you five point . ned hey , look , I be sorry . I will never do it again . ned turn and head for the door . alice come up next to he . the other be out of earshot now . bill and jack play a little ping - pong . ned be a little embarrassed by he play-act stunt . ned ( continue ) I be sorry . alice ned ? we be gonna be work together for a while . you be a nice guy without all the entertainment , okay ? ned relax . nod . he know what she mean . he turn to look at the other . ned tell them I be sorry ? alice nod . alice sure . ned I be gonna go lie down and catch some z' . today wipe I out . ( pause ) thanks , Alice . alice you be welcome . the camera stay on alice 's face as ned exit . in the bg , marcie speak . marcie I hope that 's the last time we see the Camp Crystal Lake Drama Program . CUT to : 65 ext . MAIN camp area - evening we watch ned come away from the main cabin and walk moodily toward he cabin . the camera stay with the troubled child as he stop , lean down , pick up a pebble and skip it off into the brush . it cut through . he flip a few stone in he hand . ned look off . see something . we see what he sees : a shape - - a human shape -- stand by a cabin . ned walk towards it . ned hello ? can I help you ? CUT to : 66 int . kitchen area - evening alice be just drying she hand . she stand next to a giant stack of clean dish and pot . brenda be read a magazine while pick at some cauliflower and cucumber slice . bill and jack saunter in . jack you just have some lucky shot . bill where 's ned ? alice he go to bed early . marcie I do not blame he . brenda he 's probably set up another one of he practical joke . marcie yeah , like drain the lake ! they laugh . jack ( to marcie ) hey , how about a walk by the lake ? the other all go " ooooooooh . " jack ( continue ) just a walk , for chrissake . marcie ( kid ) Boy , we sure do have a lot of filthy small - minded people around here . ( to jack ) wait a minute , I will get my diaphragm and be right with you . marcie put a arm through jack 's arm and they exit . the other laugh . CUT to : 67 ext . edge of lake - night jack and marcie walk across the pint needle towards the lake . there be the low rumble of thunder preceed by a faint glow on the horizon . jack and marcie walk along the shore to the lake . they have turn on the flashlight which they carry with they . jack wind 's up . it 's shift a good hundred and eighty degree . marcie make I want to hold on and never let go . jack I love you . marcie I love you . they kiss . marcie pull back . marcie ( continue ) what about neddy ? jack I do not love neddy . marcie he keep on act like such a asshole ! jack ( yell ) ned ! marcie do not call he . jack I think you want to give he one of you motherly lecture . ned be gonna do whatever he want to do , you know . marcie I guess ... the moon be victim of a blank cloud which cut off the light . jack look like a storm . marcie I be a little scared of storm . always have be . since I be a kid . jack you ? the brick ? jack shine the flashlight so that we can see she face in eerie shadow . she flash hers at he . marcie I have dream this dream . maybe half a dozen time . there be a thunderstorm . the rain come down like pebble . I can hear the sound . I try to close my ear off . it do not work . the sound get louder . the rain turn to blood and the blood wash down in little river . and the sound stop . a loud crack of heat lightning slice the sky apart . marcie be startle and reach out for she lover . jack it 's just a dream . marcie I call it my shower dream . they look at one another in the two light . they grin . rain drop begin to fall on they face and on the lake behind they . jack this be no dream . want to escape for a while ? marcie lead the way ! jack turn and jog toward the nearest cabin . marcie be only a half step behind , laugh . from a distant angle we watch they run . there be no theme , just the rumble of thunder ... CUT to : 68 int . boy' cabin - night the door burst open , a flashlight pierce the shadow , and jack and marcie rush in and plop on the bottom bunk of the nearest bed . marcie be you wet ? jack just a little . wait a minute , woman . he reach down and put he flashlight on its end so it point straight up and give they some light to see by . they go into a long passionate kiss which be break by marcie 's hand come up from behind jack and tug he t-shirt up towards he head . he lean back and take it off , and toss it at the camera . CUT to : 69 ext . front of MAIN cabin - night the rain have gather in intensity . alice come up to the front door and look out . bill come up behind she . alice Jack and marcie be gonna be drench . bill not if they be where I think they be . alice laugh . alice I be not always this stupid . she turn back into the cabin . CUT to : 70 int . boy' cabin - night tight on jack and marcie as they make love under a camp blanket . they breathe and noise be hear just above the sound of the rain outside . the camera become interested in a droplet which appear to have leak from the ceiling , hit the vertical member of the bed and dribble down . as the bed shake with its love-make , the camera pan up the bunk 's strut to trace the droplet 's course . as the camera pan upward , it pull back slightly and we see ned lie in the upper bunk . in a flash of lightning we realize he be dead : he throat have be slashed . another angle : jack and marcie lie completely still beneath they blanket . the camera pan along they quiet body . marcie 's face be content . jack be ready to doze off . marcie mmmmmmmph ? jack mmmmmmmph . marcie best over ... jack umhummmmph . marcie like wave . it 's never be like wave before . jack whassamatta ? marcie gotta pee . you be lie on my bladder . she roll over and grab she underpant and t-shirt . while still on the bottom bunk , she put herself into she limited clothing . jack give she room . marcie ( dress ) I know this be not very romantic , but what can I say ? I do not want to explode . she grab a flashlight , scoot to the door and be go . jack lie back and put he hand under he hand . CUT to : 71 ext . camp ground - night marcie run across the now - wet central area towards the bathroom facility . she try to skip between the raindrop , but she know she will get a drench . CUT to : 72 int . boy' cabin - night jack roll to he side , pick up a small hand - roll cigarette and light it . he inhale deeply , roll on he back . something overhead catch he eye . across the way from the row of toilet stall be a row of shower stall , and further down be a row of several sink and mirror . we hear the toilet flush . we CUT inside the toilet booth as marcie stand read the graffiti to herself . we can only see she from the chest up . marcie ( read ) " forty yard to the outhouse by Willie makit . " " the yellow stream by i.p. daley . " not the most original stuff , kid . there be a noise outside the stall . marcie ( continue ) Jack ? she hear no response and assume that she imagination be play trick with she . marcie pick up the flashlight and exit the stall . 73 marcie cross to the row of sink , stop , put the flashlight down and turn on the water faucet . there be no water . CUT to : prowler' Pov : of marcie . from the end of the row of shower , we watch marcie bend under the sink and turn on one of the spigot . Water rush into the sink . 74 mcu marcie : she rinse she hand , shake they dry and turn off the water . again she hear a noise . she look to the row of shower and smile . marcie Jack ? the screen door to the shower room be swinging open and shut . marcie look over , smile . she think someone be try to scare she . marcie ( continue ) Jack ? neddy ? do not put I on . there be a drip sound . marcie stop at the first shower , hesitates . throw back the first curtain . there be no one there . she reach in and make sure the spigot be really off . she go to the second shower , look over she shoulder to the empty toilet . then reach in to the shower curtain . marcie ( continue ) allee allee infree ! she throw back the curtain . again no one be there . she breathes a sigh of disappointment . marcie ( continue ) must be my imagination . in cu she turn back toward the sink area when suddenly the track explode with a musical stinger . it happen in a flash . a shape lunge from the toilet booth across from the first shower . a hatchet glint . marcie scream . the hatchet strike . the flashlight clatter to the floor . CUT to : 75 ext . diner - night the sound of a cash register ringing up a sale hang over a establish shot of the diner . through the window , which be be pelt with rain , we can see a waitress and some customer seat on stool at the counter . CUT to : 76 int . diner - night the waitress be different from the morning woman , slightly older , but still attractive . she say good night to she customer , who finish pay he bill and cross down the counter . seat there be steve christy , finish he cup of coffee . the waitress , sandy , pick up he empty pie plate and toss it in a pan of other dirty dish . sandy anything else you want ? steve no , thanks . I be fine . Sandy . sandy you can not go back there tonight . not in that stuff . ' less you wanta get drownd . steve ( drink quickly ) I get to . sandy aw . sandy like steve and enjoy flirt with he . steve I have six new counsellor up there . they be all babe in the wood in every sense of the word . sandy they will be okay if they know enough to stay in outta the rain . how much do I owe you ? sandy one night on the town . steve I mean ... sandy ... I know what you mean . two and a quarter . plus fifteen percent tip to make up for I spend the night alone . steve pay up and walk to the cash register . sandy ( continue ) you get a roof for that Jeep ? she ring up the money . give he he change . he hand she a tip . steve yeah . I get it on before this -- ( indicate the storm outside ) -- all start . sandy that 's thirty percent . steve for two lonely night . she smile and be really kind of pretty underneath all that extra makeup . sandy drive careful and do not drownd you dumb self . steve smile and leave . she watch , then count she change and stick it she pocket with the rest of she tip for the day . CUT to : 77 ext . diner - night the rain continue as steve exit the diner , get in he Jeep and start it up . he roar off through a big puddle , splash water towards the camera . the Jeep pull a small equipment trailer . CUT to : 78 ext . highway - night the Jeep plow through the rain , leave the town light behind . a sign off to the side read : crystal lake 45 mi. CUT to : 79 ext . MAIN cabin - night prowler' Pov : from outside the cabin , we can see some activity in the big meeting room . the camera move slightly from leave to right as the shot be establish . then a unseen hand release a branch which partially block the shot . CUT to : 80 int . big meeting room - night alice enter from the kitchen , carry two cup of coffee . she hand one to brenda , who be curl up on the couch in front of the fire . bill stand to the leave of the hearth , pick up a couple of piece of dry wood and put they on to burn . brenda you think they fall asleep ? bill anything 's possible . my parent teach I to leave sleep lover alone . alice it would not matter except Steve should be get back pretty soon . it would not look so great if he fall over they . bill good point . alice well , it have not be that long . brenda smile . brenda Long enough for I . they laugh . alice I think we should go wake they up . just in case . brenda give they a little while longer . it 's still early , anyway . alice I guess ... CUT to : 81 ext . rural road - night the rain be very heavy . Steve 's Jeep drive past the camera . the tire squish in the muddy roadway . CUT to : 82 int . steve's jeep - night lighted by dash panel , steve try to concentrate on see the road . he lean forward , rub a cloth on the windshield to get rid of the condensation . from he Pov we watch the windshield wiper struggle to stay ahead of the rain . Beyond they the headlight make a slight dent in the night . in the bg we hear a country station on the radio , but it be bring in more static than music , owe to the electrical storm . steve 's hand reach in and shut off the radio . CUT to : 83 int . big meeting room - night alice have finish she coffee . bill enter , shake the rain off he poncho and stamp he foot . bill get to it just in time . the generator be run on fume . I fill it up . that should keep it hum until Steve get back . brenda get up . brenda good night , Alice . alice good night , Brenda . brenda take she lantern , and , throw the slicker over she head like a portable tent , she race off into the night . alice watch she go . a glimmer of lightning outline she as she head off . bill walk back into the big room , follow by alice . bill help you clean up ? alice absolutely . she walk with he as he carry the tray of empty coffee cup into the kitchen . CUT to : 84 int . camp bathroom - night the door open and brenda come in with she lantern and slicker . her action be direct and business - like . brenda go first to the row of sink and look at herself in the mirror , hold up a propane coleman lantern like a examination lamp . she take out a toothbrush and some other toilet article . she flip on both faucet and nothing come out . she put she lantern down on the floor and turn on the water valve . she stand up , and wash she hand and face . she turn off the faucet and now we hear the drip sound that marcie have hear . brenda look off at the shower stall , shrug , pick up she lantern and make she exit . CUT to : 85 ext . rural road - night steve 's Jeep cough , sputter , stall . over we can hear he try to re-start he dead engine . r-r-r-r ... CUT to : 86 int . steve's jeep - night steve angrily step on the gas again and hit the starter . r-r-r-r-rrr ... nothing ... he look up to see headlight come at he in he rear view mirror . steve , wear a yellow slicker , get out of the Jeep to try to flag down the oncoming car . CUT to : 87 ext . rural road - night steve smile to see that the oncoming car be the local police car , drive by a middle - age cop name tierney . tierney have the window down already . tierney I tell you not to buy that hunk of junk ! steve I think water get into the electrical system . you ride I back to camp ? I will get one of my counsellor to drive I back tomorrow morning . tierney why not ? steve be around the car and hopping in almost before tierney can answer . tierney ( continue ) " to serve and protect " do not mean to chauffeur . he put the car in gear and roar into the night . CUT to : 88 int . girl cabin / counsellor's section - night under a single hang lightbulb , brenda finish write at a small table . the weather howl outside . there 's a tapping sound . brenda look up . listen , yawn , then get up and start to take off she clothes . CUT to : 89 ext . girl be cabin - night through she window we can see brenda change into she soft yellow pajamas . CUT to : 90 int . girl be cabin - night the tapping return . brenda that could drive a person bug-city . the SOUND be apparently come from the front of the cabin ; perhaps she can fix it without get too wet . brenda grab she slicker and head out . the camera follows brenda through the darken cabin to the front door . CUT to : 91 ext . girl be cabin - night there be a small roof overhang like a porch , afford some protection from the wind and wet . another angle , closer : as brenda hear the tapping sound closer by . she look and see . we see what she sees : somebody have tie a kitchen knife to a string and leave it dangle from the eave . the wind blow , make the knife tap against the building . brenda neddy ? cut the screwing around , neddy ! she grab the knife , break the string . brenda ( continue ) this be not even half funny . angry , brenda turn and go back inside the cabin . CUT to : 92 int . girl be cabin - night brenda come in shaking off she slicker , carry the knife . brenda Christ , what a jerk . the single bulb go out . brenda ( continue ) great . now what ? brenda cross to the table , put down she knife and strike a match . she fire up the propane lantern . brenda ( continue ) look like I turn in early . she move the lamp and get ready to climb into she bed . she reach down and take the coverlet and tug it clear , revealing something that have be leave there . reaction shot : fear spread across she face . reverse Pov : we see what she sees : a camp hatchet lie across she pillow . the shiny blade be mark with blood . brenda turn and run from she room . CUT to : 93 ext . pathway / camp - night brenda run through the rain , she flimsy pajamas drench . her bare foot slip in the mud . she head for a small rise that lead to the softball field . CUT to : 94 ext . softball field - night wide shot of brenda run across the softball diamond . CUT to : 95 ext . electrical junction BOX - night close up : a hand reach in and slam on a circuit breaker . CUT to : 96 ext . softball field - night close up : two large spot light on a telephone pole light up . CUT to : 97 ext . softball field - night the softball field be now light . brenda be confuse . she look off behind the backstop . then to center field . confused , she run out of the light into the darkness and underbrush behind third base . the camera slowly zoom in on the darkness where brenda exite . we hold on that spot for several second . finally the silence be break by a terrify scream . then another . CUT to : 98 int . big meeting room - night alice be at one of the window . alice I do not here it anymore . bill can not hear anything through that wind and rain . alice it sound like Brenda . bill I will go take a look . alice do somebody leave the light on at the softball field ? we be look over at she shoulder . the distant glimmer suddenly go dark . bill join she and look . bill where ? alice they be off now . bill head for the door . bill I will go check on Brenda . alice okay . alice turn . bill be halfway out the door . alice ( continue ) I will go with you . bill shrug . bill if it will make you feel better . CUT to : 99 int . police car - night the rain continue as they drive along . tierney bad enough we get a full moon ; it 's Friday the 13th . they keep statistic . we get more accident , more robbery , more rape , more homicide , more of everything when there 's a full moon . it affect people . make them nut . steve you have make a science out of coincidence . the police radio , which have be on " squelch , " come on . dispatcher # 1 ( v.o. ) ( filter ) sgt. tierney , report . dispatcher # 2 ( v.o. ) ( filter ) need a clear frequency ... dispatcher # 1 ( v.o. ) ( filter ) sgt. tierney , car niner . tierney take the mike . tierney this be tierney . dispatcher # 2 ( v.o. ) ( filter ) rescue squad with jaw of life ... near mile marker 17 ... possible fatal ... three , maybe more ... head on ... at least one trap ... dispatcher # 1 ( v.o. ) ( filter ) sgt. tierney , there 's a bad accident . one fatality know , several possible near mile marker 17 on the interstate . Bus , tractor trailer . over . tierney Roger . acknowledge receipt . estimate arrival time fifteen minute . how copy ? tierney have jamme on he brake and swing the car around . dispatcher # 1 ( v.o. ) ( filter ) 100 % . I will tell them you will be there in fifteen minute . out . tierney bang the mike down on the holder . he stop the car . tierney have to drop you here , Steve . steve sure . steve get out quickly . steve ( continue ) good luck . tierney another coincidence . steve yeah . CUT to : 100 ext . rural road - night steve turn as the cop 's car door slam . tierney peel out on the wet road . cu as steve watch the light grow dim in the distance . another angle : as steve turn and jog the other way . low thunder roll in the distance . CUT to : 101 ext . girl be cabin - night bill and alice have make they way to brenda 's cabin . from the outside they can see the coleman lantern burn on the table within . alice Brenda ? Brenda ? you there ? there be no response . the camera stay in a mcu of alice as she and bill cross up the stair and into the cabin . CUT to : 102 int . girl be cabin - night the shot continue on alice as she look about the empty cabin . finally she stop , look down . the camera continue to hold on she face . alice Bill . bill cross over to alice . they be both look down , past the camera lens . another angle : we see what they see : the bloody hatchet leave on Brenda 's pillow . angle on bill and alice : ( as before ) . they face be serious . alice ( continue ) what the fuck be go on here ? CUT to : 103 ext . jack cabin - night the rain slant down as bill and alice make they way towards Jack 's cabin . they go to the door . bill knock . bill Jack ? alice marcie ? bill hey , guy ! bill open the door to the cabin . CUT to : 104 int . jack cabin - night the door open at we . we see the silhouett figure of bill and alice . bill flip on the light switch . the cabin be empty . Jack 's backpack lie on the bed , the content neatly laid out . CUT to : 105 int . camp bathroom - night it be dark inside . the door slam open at we as bill and alice make they way inside . alice marcie ? Brenda ? Jack ? bill walk slowly towards the row of toilet and shower . alice ( continue ) I think we should call the police , Bill . bill , who be just about to open one of the toilet stall , nod and turn back to alice . bill okay . they exit . there be a beat ... and then a slicker shape pass between we and the night sky light which come through the window . the shape be drag something . CUT to : 106 ext . office cabin - night alice and bill be on the porch of one of the cabin . to the leave of the door be a small sign that read : " Office . " bill try the door , but cannot open it . bill sucker 's lock . who 's get the key ? alice ignore the question , bend down beside the cabin and come up with a short 2 x 4 . she cross to the door and smashes through one of the window pane . she put she arm through the break glass , unlock the door and enter . bill follow . the camera continue to watch they from outside the cabin . they turn on a light and cross to a phone on Steve christy 's desk . bill pick up the receiver , listen , click the switch on the desk set several time . bill ( continue ) it 's dead . try the pay phone . alice do you have a dime ? a quarter ? bill no . there must be some in the desk somewhere . they fumble through the desk to find some change . bill find some in the postage drawer . he then cross over to a pay phone mount on the wall . the camera move to the cornice of the building where the phone line exit . it follow the link up the side of the cabin to the junction where the power and phone line come in from the pole . here we see a dangle phone cable which have be recently cut . over , we hear the sound of a quarter drop in the dead telephone . alice ( v.o. ) hello ? hello ? this damn thing 's dead , too . CUT to : 107 ext . parking lot - night bill and alice come out into the rain , head for the camper van . they hop in . CUT to : 108 ext . van / parking lot - night bill slide behind the wheel . the key be in the ignition . alice hop in on the passenger side . bill turn over the engine . it grind away but do not catch . from a angle behind the outside mirror , we hear the engine fail to catch . we look in the mirror and see someone stand in the distance , watch . bill get out of the driver 's side . slam the door . the camera truck with he as he open the door to the engine . alice join he as he shine he light on the engine . alice what 's the matter with it ? bill wet . I do not know . he try a few more time . alice why do not we run ? just run now ? bill it 's over twenty mile to the crossroad . Steve will be back in a hour . thing will straighten out then . we will take he Jeep and get help . he go to she and cradle she face in he hand . bill ( continue ) do not worry . there be probably some really stupid explanation for all this . when the sun come up tomorrow , you will smile . ( pause ) promise . alice nod . CUT to : 109 ext . camp entrance - night in the fg we see a camp sign . in the bg we see a figure run towards we . the figure reach we vantage point and be reveal as steve christy . just as he 's about to make the turn into the driveway , he look up and smile . he stop and catch he breath as the other person catch he in the light of a flashlight . steve hi . what be you do out in this mess ? he shield he eye from the light . CUT to : 110 ext . lake - night from across the lake , the light from the camp twinkle through the rain drop . CUT to : 111 ext . generator shed - night the camera as prowler move to the shed . the noise of the generator grow louder as the door be open . CUT to : 112 int . big meeting room - night bill sit on the chair , a rifle across he lap . in the bg , alice sit on the couch , doze . on the coffee table in front of she be a large machete . bill 's eye be close . he jerk himself awake , then start to doze again . the bulb overhead grow yellow , orange , and then go out . bill snap awake . he grab a flashlight by he foot and flick it on . bill oh , shit .... he go to the ping - pong table where he have place some lantern . he fire up a coleman and place it on the pong table . bill check on alice , make sure she 's asleep , then exit , carry he rifle and a battery - operate fluorescent lamp . hold on alice 's peaceful face as she slumber . CUT to : 113 ext . generator shed - night the rain have lessen a bit . bill approach the shed with he fluorescent lamp and rifle . he have the rifle at the ready . cu on he hand on the door handle . he pull it open . CUT to : 114 int . generator shed - night the generator stand there quietly . bill come into view , spraying the interior with lamplight . in the fg a break sparkplug which bill do not see immediately . it have be smashed by the blow of a hammer . bill go to the gas tank and unscrew the top . he look in -- there be enough gas . he put the cap back on . then he eye catch something . he look at the break plug . he shake he head and look around for a wrench to fix it . he put the rifle down on the floor of the shed . CUT to : 115 int . big meeting room - night alice sit up into the camera , startle and afraid . alice Bill ?! she get she bearing and look around . stands up . she look at the bulb overhead . pull its string . no light . she see the lantern which have be place around . alice ( continue ) the generator ... now that she have figure out where Bill must be , she relax a little . smile . she go to the mantelpiece , take the lantern , and walk into the kitchen . CUT to : 116 int . kitchen - night alice put down the lamp and go about fill a big old tea kettle with water . she put it on the stove and pop on a burner and prepare two cup of instant coffee . impatient and curious , she walk to the front door of the cabin and look out . alice Bill ? Bill ? the calm which she have grasp a few moment before be beginning to desert she . CUT to : 117 insert : whistle tea kettle on the kitchen stove . CUT to : 118 int . kitchen - night alice take the kettle off the flame . the whistling stop abruptly . alice pour water into the two cup . she stir the coffee . unable to contain she impatience any longer , alice pick up she lantern , grab a slicker , and head out the door . CUT to : 119 ext . MAIN cabin area - night alice walk very quickly around the side of the cabin , head for the generator shed . alice Bill ! CUT to : 120 ext . generator shed - night the door to the shed be close . alice look around and then put a hand on the hand . in cu we see the hand pull . the door do not budge . reaction shot : alice decide to pull harder . she put down she lamp and use both hand and tug . she pull until she finally wrench the door open . the lamp cast long shadow upwards . the generator sit silent . alice lean into the shed to look . the camera track very slowly around behind she so that we can see behind the right -hand corner of the building . as we clear the edge , we see something hang from a rope which run down from a branch above . the something turn slowly in the wind . it be bill -- dead -- in a travesty of the martyrdom of St. sebastian , shot with arrow . alice come out of the shed , distraught . alice Bill ? she close the door , and turn in the direction of the body . reaction shot : alice . she be rivete with horror , unable to move or turn or run . the soundtrack scream with the theme , the insistent stinger , a shriek and a thunderclap . alice finally give voice to she terror -- again and again . she turn , leave the lantern , and run back towards the main cabin . alice ( continue ) help ! help ! CUT to : 121 int . MAIN cabin - night alice burst through the front door into camera . alice Jack ! marcie ! help I ! CUT to : 122 int . big meeting room - night alice race to the coffee table , look for bill 's machete . it be not there . alice the knife ! she get down on she hand and knee to look for it . low angle : as she scrabble on all four . nothing under the couch . alice get back up and rush to the ping - pong table to get the lamp . just as she reach the table -- which be more or less against a window - - a figure swing , pendulum - like , into the glass , shatter the pane in the window opposite alice . it be brenda , long -since dead , drip wet , white - face . alice see she , turn and run as fast as she can for the front door . alice fling open the wooden door and run into a rain-suited figure . alice scream . the figure hold alice in a strong grasp . when alice focus , she see a kindly woman in she early forty . she be strong , fairly tall , and very nice-look . this be mrs . voorhee . she want alice to stop shriek long enough to tell she what the matter be . alice sob incoherently , point back to the rear window . mrs . voorhee there now , my dear . please . I can not help you if you can not talk to I . there , there now ... alice allow the woman to lead she back into the room . mrs . voorhee lead alice to the couch . in the bg we can see the break window , but brenda be not visible . alice he 's dead ... she 's dead ... all dead ... please save I ... oh ... poor Bill ... oh my God , oh my God ... oh God ... mrs . voorhee it will be all right . I will take care of you . alice Jack ? marcie ? ned ? mrs . voorhee comfort she with a strong arm . mrs . voorhee it 's just this place . the storm . that 's why you be all upset . alice no , no , they be all dead ... alice point over she shoulder towards the ping - pong table without look . mrs . voorhee look , shrug . mrs . voorhee I will go look . alice 's face register the new terror . alice they will kill you ! do not leave I ! mrs . voorhee smile warmly . mrs . voorhee I be not afraid . alice wait by the couch as mrs . voorhee cross the room to the back window . alice all dead ? neddy ? oh , marcie ... alice stand close to the fireplace . mrs . voorhee reach the window and look out . brenda 's body sway just out of reach . mrs . voorhee be shocked . mrs . voorhee oh , my lord ... mrs . voorhee turn back and , as she pass the ping - pong table , she pick up the lantern . alice wait at the fireplace . mrs . voorhee ( continue ) so young , so pretty . what monster could have do such a thing ? alice Bill -- Bill -- Bill be out there ... she let mrs . voorhee take she in she arm . mrs . voorhee we shall go straight to the police . alice back up . alice the killer be still out there . mrs . voorhee I will protect you . mrs . voorhee look around the room . mrs . voorhee ( continue ) oh , this place ... it should never have be a camp . not for child . they have so much trouble here . the fire glimmer slightly in the fireplace . a log burn through and roll off , throw up a small shower of spark . mrs . voorhee ( continue ) Camp blood . mrs . voorhee have almost completely calm the girl down . stroke she soft hair . mrs . voorhee ( continue ) you know a boy drown the year before that two other be kill ? a accident ? it be inadequate supervision . the counsellor be not pay enough attention ... they be make love when that boy drown . alice look up as the woman stroke she hair . another angle : mcu as the older woman 's hand stroke the younger woman 's hair . the hand be miss its little finger ! the theme enter upon the track in a lyrical , child - like version , echoing back to another era , pretty and light . mrs . voorhee ( continue ) we should go now . alice maybe we should wait for Mr. christy . mrs . voorhee shake she head gently . mrs . voorhee no . that will not be necessary . as she speak , mrs . voorhee reach into she slicker in a surreptitious manner and very slowly slip out a long hunt knife . alice I do not understand . mix on the track , filter , echoed and distant , be the SOUND of a ten year old boy , jason , cry for help in a fantasy version of what might have happen when he drown in 1957 . jason ( v.o. ) ( filter ) help I , mommy ... save I ... please , mommy ... please , mommy ... help I , mommy ... save I .... mrs . voorhee ( cock she hand to listen ) I be , Jason . I be . alice ( a little confuse ) why should not we wait for Mr. christy ? mrs . voorhee have go through some subtle change . while she voice remain warm and comforting , she face have start to slip into she other manifestation . all of this be in concert with the visibility of she weapon . mrs . voorhee it be my son they kill . they say he drown , but I know it be inadequate supervision ... alice start to become increasingly anxious . she can not see the knife rise behind she . alice Mr. christy will be back soon . mrs . voorhee shake she head from side to side . mrs . voorhee no , he will not . I kill he as well .... the shock of recognition hit alice . in cu she eye look up and see the knife which mrs . voorhee now have poise and ready to strike . alice bolt off the couch and stumble backwards into the fireplace , scatter ash and spark . mrs . voorhee stand and step forward . mrs . voorhee ( continue ) I could not let they start this camp again , could I ? alice , in panic , look for a escape . she grab the fireplace poker . alice I will not let you ! alice swing the poker back and forth . alice ( continue ) no! no ! no ! mrs . voorhee raise she arm to slash downward with the knife . alice swing the poker hard to mrs . voorhee ' other arm and rib cage . mrs . voorhee be in pain , she face a mask of rage . alice drop the poker to run for the door . mrs . voorhee hesitates for a moment , then follow alice deliberately . lightn go off follow quickly by thunder . CUT to : 123 ext . MAIN cabin / tree - night alice get to the door and stop . she fiddle with the side of the screen ... somebody have latch it . closer on alice , take one look over she shoulder , kick at the door , snap the latch . another angle : as alice run out into the rain , the mud , the thunder and the lightning . the theme be go full - tilt as alice make a quick turn to run towards the road . two - shot : as alice bump into a object which swing from above . a slice of lightning reveal it to be the dead body of steve christy hang from the tree . a rope be looped under he arm , he head be down on he chest , and a long blade protrude from he heart . reaction shot : alice in terror . another angle : alice run and suddenly bump into another pair of leg which swing from the same big tree . strobe shot : of jack , dead . another angle : alice run for the Arts &amp ; craft . in the bg we see can the yellow - slicker mrs . voorhee close the distance between herself and alice . CUT to : 124 ext . art &amp ; craft cabin - night alice run for the door , slam through it . the camera wait for mrs . voorhee , but she do not appear . CUT to : 125 ext . generator shack - night mrs . voorhee run to the door and open it quickly . CUT to : 126 int . art &amp ; craft cabin - night alice be hide in the shadow behind a table . we hear the sound of the generator start outside and suddenly three bright overhead light come on . alice look across the room to the light switch , afraid to reveal she hide place . she look for a escape . there 's a window . she start for it , then stop and turn and dive under a art &amp ; craft table . another angle : mrs . voorhee open the door and walk in a few foot . she carry a machete in she hand . we see this instrument in cu as we hear over the sound of she son , jason , call to she . jason ( v.o. ) help , mommy , I be drown ! oh , mommy , please .... the camera pan up to she face and we see that the voice of jason be come from within she in lip sync . she be both character -- though the child 's voice be authentically dub . alice can just make out what be happen and can hear the voice of jason . alice be very still . her eye widen as she listen to mrs . voorhee rave . jason ( lipsync ) do not let I die , mommy ... I can not breathe ... help I , breathe ... mrs . voorhee be have trouble catch she own breath . she stroke she throat with she free hand and the voice of the child stop . mrs . voorhee ( in she own voice ) I can not let they kill any more child . come out now . she wade through table after table , push they out of she way with the strength she have demonstrate throughout as the prowler . when mrs . voorhee be too quick for she , shove a table across she path like a bar door . before alice can think twice , mrs . voorhee have shove a second table in behind she so that now alice be sandwich between they . she can duck down or climb over or come out the only open end -- the end where mrs . voorhee be stand . alice look behind she and see a shelf . on the shelf be a box . mrs . voorhee be come down the aisle between the two table . her machete be come up in a attack . alice reach into the box in cu and pull out a handful of leather - work tool . she hurl they at mrs . voorhee as hard as she can . mrs . voorhee have to put she arm up to ward off the spin knife . one cut she under the eye and she let out a low animal bellow . alice leap up , climb over the table and run for the door . mrs . voorhee shove the table over and hurry after she . alice get to the door , shut off the light switch and run out . we can hear jason's voice . jason ( v.o. ) kill she , mommy ! kill she ! CUT to : 127 ext . camp ground / equip . shed - night the central area be bath in light . the rain have stop . mrs . voorhee have turn on all the flood -light . alice run to the corner of one of the cabin . she stop to look back . mrs . voorhee be gain on she . alice run to the equipment shed . another angle : the door be throw back . alice go in . look for a weapon . nothing be available . alice sob with fear . she run . mrs . voorhee pass the equipment shed . CUT to : 128 ext . rifle range shack - night a single bulb outside the building show alice as she burst through the door . CUT to : 129 int . rifle range shack - night it be a small cabin . on the wall be five .22 calibre rifle . alice run into the dimly light cabin and take one of the rifle from the wall . she rummages in a drawer . it 's empty . she try another . empty . alice where be the goddamn bullet ? the next drawer have a lock and hasp on it . alice look around . CUT to : 130 ext . rifle range shack - night mrs . voorhee be on she way , charge through the night . CUT to : 131 int . rifle range shack - night angle on alice : she whacks the hasp with the butt of the rifle . the hasp do not give . she give it another butt stroke . it will not give . a shadow cover alice 's back . she turn . another angle : mrs . voorhee be stand in the doorway , block the light . still carry the machete , mrs . voorhee step slowly toward alice . alice , with a almost useless . 22 in she hand , do the only thing she can . she take the weapon by the barrel and , swinging it like a baseball bat , whacks mrs . voorhee on the arm / shoulder , knock the killer off balance and into the wall . mrs . voorhee slam through a flimsy table , crush it , and drop to the floor . alice run out the door . CUT to : 132 ext . MAIN cabin front - night alice huff past the dead camper van , through the mud to the front door of the main cabin . she run in quickly . there be no sign of mrs . voorhee . she turn off the light and run into the kitchen . CUT to : 133 int . kitchen area - night alice look from side to side , hope to find a place to hide . she spot the half - open door to the larder , look inside and then hide there , close the door behind she . CUT to : 134 int . larder - night there be some light that come through the crack and crevice . alice 's hand fasten onto the inside lock -- the dead bolt type which require a key to unlock it from the other side . alice relax a little bit now that she be lock inside . as soon as she relax , we hear the front screen door slam . then we hear some shuffle around outside . the light be turn on . jason ( v.o. ) please kill she , mommy ... help I , please . kill she , mommy . there be the sound of pot be rustle through . then the sound of another door be slam . alice relax again . then there be a silence . alice think about unlock the door now . she reach out for the lock . then think better of the idea . she case down the door frame to the floor . on all side be the can of food and cooking implement . there be a large skillet , some bag of flour , etc . alice cover she head with she arm . the doorknob above she head ( a few inch away ) turn very slowly . we see it , but she do not . mrs . voorhee ' hand finish turn and now start to push gently . there be almost no give , but we see that the door be be test . the voice on the other side be very young , very sing -song . jason ( o.s. ) come out , come out , wherever you be ... alice jerk back and stand up on the far side of the small room . fist bang in a rage on the floor . alice please ... alice fold she hand at the side of she face . the fist - bang give way to a short silence . the silence be interrupt by a new sound : mrs . voorhee have begin to use she machete to chop away at the outside of the door to the larder . reaction shot : alice ... oh , my God ... at first we see nothing on we side . then , gradually , we see little sliver of light admit by the blade 's chop . alice 's eye race around the larder to try to find a weapon , a defense , anything ... larger hole be now make . mrs . voorhee stop just long enough to take a peck inside . we can see she eye at the large hole . she go back to whack away at the door . the hole be near the lock . it be soon big enough for mrs . voorhee to reach inside with she hand and turn the rachet . alice realize she must defend herself . she reach down and pick up a heavy skillet and , as the door open , alice raise she weapon and , scream , charge the woman who be try to come through the entrance . mrs . voorhee chop down with the machete . alice fend off the blow with the skillet that she hold with both hand above she head . as the machete blade bounce off the skillet , alice be able to swing the skillet downward and hit mrs . voorhee with a solid blow on top of she head . mrs . voorhee sprawl sideways across the table and then collapse in a heap on the floor . alice raise the skillet again to strike . she cross carefully to mrs . voorhee and push she gently with she foot , the way she might poke a dead animal in the roadway . another angle : mrs . voorhee lie totally inert . there be a small puddle of blood under she head . angle on alice : she relax , put down she weapon and cross slowly out of the room . CUT to : 135 ext . lake - night the moon come out from behind a cloud . alice push a canoe into the water and paddle , as rapidly as she tired body will permit , out in the lake to safety . CUT to : 136 ext . lake - night exhausted , alice put she paddle across she lap and fall forward , slump across a thwart . CUT to : 137 ext . camp - dawn the first ray of sunlight streak the sky from beyond the horizon , promise a hot and sunny summer 's day . the bird be up , forage for food . as the camera scan the peaceful scene , we see the sky reflect in the calm water of Crystal Lake . the canoe hold alice be drift in big slow circle across the surface of the lake . CUT to : 138 ext . lake - dawn alice lie , in mcu , in the canoe , sleep . she have not change she position since collapse a few hour before . the water lap gently against the side of the canoe . very slowly , she wake . she open she eye . the canoe have drift into the shade of some enormous tree bough that overhang the edge of the lake . they shade alice from the bright ray of the sun . the canoe rock gently . alice be still , listen to the sound of the lap water . suddenly there be a blood-curdling scream , a musical stinger , and the screen be fill with the fly , whirling form of mrs . voorhee , who leap from the overhange bough into the canoe , barely miss alice 's slump form ! the canoe immediately overturn and both mrs . voorhee and alice try to find they foot in the shallow water . mrs . voorhee be cover in mud and blood . she see alice struggle to get up and move toward she , brandish she blood -spatter machete . alice turn , see mrs . voorhee come . alice grab a paddle float near she . mrs . voorhee push the canoe to one side , wading through the waist-high water as fast as she can . she scream with rage . her face go through a horrifying transformation . from she mouth come the voice of jason . jason ( lipsync ) mommy ! mommy ! mommy ! alice can not move fast enough to get away from mrs . voorhee , who be slashing the air with she big knife try to hit alice . alice slip , fall in the water , get she foot back and have to turn and block the blow of the machete with the paddle , use it like a staff to ward off the blow . the machete cut the paddle nearly in half . mrs . voorhee raise the knife for another blow and alice lunge for she knee and succeed in throw mrs . voorhee into the water . the machete fly out of she hand and land in the water . the two woman roll in the water . mrs . voorhee be try to strangle alice , she hand stretch to reach around she throat . they roll over and under the water . we can not see who be win . suddenly mrs . voorhee find she foot and stand up , look for alice . she be screeching madly . jason ( lipsync ) ( continue ) kill she , mommy ! kill she , mommy ! alice shoot up out of the water hold the machete , and in one , wild swing , decapitate mrs . voorhee , whose head fly off into the water . the body stand for a minute , then fall heavily into the lake . alice drop the machete into the water and start to wade to shore . CUT to : 139 ext . camp road / sign - morning alice walk slowly down the road away from the camp . we hear the sound of a car approach . now it come into view . it be a state vehicle , black and white , with a emblem on the door that say " State Department of Health and Safety " . there be two middle - age bureaucrat inside . alice wave down the car , which pull up beside she . 1st inspector good morning , miss . 2nd inspector ( lean across the front seat ) be you all right , mar 'am ? alice help I . the camera pan back while the two man get out of they vehicle and come around to help alice . CUT to : 140 ext . camp - morning long shot of the camp with the sun sparkling on the water of Crystal Lake . the canoe lie half sink in the shallow . one paddle drift in the current . the lake have swallow its secret . roll credit .