fwb - blue draft 7-14-10 2 intercut w/ int . office - same dylan no . not even close . he almost step on a dog sleep on the floor , mouth " shit " and accidentally knock a cup of coffee onto he lap . he mouth " shit " again . jamie the movie start in ten minute . dylan I know . I will be there . ( whisper , to co-worker ) give I you pants . male CO - worker what ? dylan ( whisper ) I need you pants . I will buy you lunch tomorrow . male CO - worker no . dylan I be you boss , give I you pants . jamie please do not be late . I do not want to miss the beginning . the first few second set the tone for the whole movie . the guy reluctantly take off he pants . he 's not wear any underwear . Dylan turn to another guy -- dylan give I you pants . ext . office build - night Dylan burst out , zipping on he new pants . dylan I be almost there . jamie how far away ? fwb - blue draft 7- 14 - 10 3 dylan I think I see you . he run across the street and jump in he car . he peel out and zoom down the street . ext . revival movie theater - night Jamie walk up . the marquee read " pretty woman . " jamie where be you ? I be here . intercut w/ int . dylan' car / ext . street - night he speed through the street while talk -- dylan so be I . where be you ? so many people . what be you wear ? jamie I be wear the only clothes outside the theater , ' cause I be the only person outside the theater . dylan I love that outfit . you look so sexy in that . Jamie check out a shirtless jogger run by . she call out -- jamie look good . Real fluid . ( joke ) wanna go to a movie ? ext . sidewalk - a little later - night Dylan sprint up a escalator and across the street - avoid move car as he do . dylan Count to twenty and I will be there . intercut W / ext . movie theater - same - night Jamie watch as couple enter , hand - in-hand . jamie you know I love this movie . ( more ) fwb - blue draft 7-14-10 5 dylan I be here ! kayla turn around . she 's the one Dylan 's be talk to . dylan ( cont 'd ) I be really sorry . kayla ( crazy ) we miss " you body be a wonderland ! " you asshole ! " you body be a wonderland ! " it 's we generation 's " 99 Red balloon ! " " you body be a wonderland ! " dylan okay , only one song ? that 's not so bad , right ? kayla it be fuck " you body be a wonderland ! " she make a " be - you-insane ? " face . start credit over : ext . neutral space - super tight shot - night kayla I think we should take a break . quincy I just feel we should , you know , chill for awhile . pull back to reveal quincy 's talk to Jamie with the Empire State Building in the background . jamie really ? you be do this ? you say I be you " soul mate . " quincy I do ? when ? jamie when we be have sex at that bed and breakfast . quincy oh , well . that do not ... fwb - blue draft 7-14- 10 jamie do not what ? quincy ( quietly ) Count . she shove he and slap the sandwich out of he hand . kayla please do not take this personally . it 's not you at all . reveal kayla be talk to Dylan outside the Capitol record building -- dylan of course it 's I . you can not say that . break up with I , fine , but do not say it 's not I . you be break up with I . it 's I . jamie be this why you be late ? you be worried about how to break up with I ? quincy no , I be late because I could not figure out what to wear . jamie so you go with a hoodie and sneaker . be you go to take the sat after this ? quincy do not lash out . you be better than that . jamie I be really not . back to Dylan in Los Angeles -- ( over the follow we keep cut back and forth to tight shot of Dylan and Jamie . kayla and quincy be always dirty shot . ) kayla I just think we be head in different direction . fwb - blue draft 7- 14 - 10 7 dylan yeah , you to the John mayer concert , and I , not . thanks for not wait until after the concert , by the way . seriously , best breakup ever . * jamie let I ask you a question , and please know I be not at all crush by this breakup , so be honest . why ? quincy really ? be this a trick ? jamie no , just some anthropological research . quincy okay . uh , you be a little close - off . you be look for someone to sweep you off you foot , but you be more into the idea of that someone sweeping you off you foot than that actual someone . also ? you seem all together , but you be really emotionally damage -- +e of jamie okay , that 's enough . dylan I be tie up at work , I be sorry . kayla you know you might care a little less about work and a little more about the girl you be dating . last I check " work " can not reassure you that like a finger up you ass do not make you gay . dylan I do not say go up , I say go -- ( make a " o " with he finger ) it 's fine . not you issue any more . kayla sorry . I think you be a good guy . a little too emotionally unavailable if you ask I . 9 10 fwb - blue draft 7-14-10 dylan I do not . quincy it 's my fault . you deserve someone better . kayla I really want to stay friend . quincy let 's stay friend . jamie ( no ) sure. dylan ( no ) totally . ext . mann' chinese on hollywood boulevard - night Dylan walk with a friend through all the lame - fake super heroes and action figure who take picture with tourist . dylan I think I sabotage this thing . I do not know if I have not meet the right girl or I be just scared of think she might be the last girl I will ever meet . either way , I have have too many girlfriend . it 's gotta be on I . he pass a really terrible " superman . " dylan ( cont 'd ) how be you possibly superman ? you have a gun and a crown . be you King Super - gun ? ext . new york STREET - night Jamie and a friend be walk . jamie I always think I would meet a guy , then have a child . but I keep meeting the child first . ( then ) I gotta stop buy into the bullshit Hollywood cliché of true love . 10 11 fwb - blue draft 7- 14 - 10 9 she see a billboard on a bus stop of a Katherine heigl movie . jamie ( cont 'd ) shut up , Katherine heigl ! you stupid liar ! ext . hollywood boulevard - night 11 Dylan walk with he friend . dylan why do relationship always start off so fun but then turn into suck ? it 's like take something awesome and ruin it . like that -- he point to a theater with the marquee : " ferris bueller : the musical . " a man exit and through the door they see three actor dress in various costume -- singers I get the day -- the day off of school ! chicka chicka ... dylan travesty . singers bueller . anyone . bueller . anyone . jamie * I gotta stop have a boyfriend just * to have a boyfriend . * they take a few more step . * dylan I be better off alone . jamie * I do not need anyone . dylan I be just gonna work and fuck . like George clooney . jamie I be just gonna shut myself down emotionally . like George clooney . they have both stop at a red light . * fwb - blue draft 7-14-10 10 jamie / dylan I will be so much happier . a beat as both stare out , resolve . but be they ? * end credit sequence * 12 omitted 12 * and and 13 13 14 int . airplane - day 14 * Dylan sit in a business class seat look out the window at Manhattan , mesmerize . it 's a perfect New York day . a gorgeous flight attendant approach -- flight attendant seat up please , sir . dylan be that the Hudson River ? she lean over he to look out the window , make sure she brushes he as she do . flight attendant no , that 's the East River . dylan so we will not be landing on it then ? flight attendant ( intense ) that pilot be a hero . she move off . dylan ( to himself ) the plane actually do a lot of the work . 15 ext . new york street / int . hybrid - day 15 Jamie be change out of she casual clothes into she work clothes -- while on the phone . she 's very talented . jamie he 's landing way early so I be scramble . ( more ) 16 17 18 19 20 fwb - blue draft 7-14-10 11 jamie ( cont 'd ) he 's not totally sell on the job yet , but I will get he there . I always do . I be even pick he up in a hybrid . he 's from LA , I figure he 's into all that bullshit . ( to driver ) what 's that big building over there ? the driver look to the leave . Jamie take this opportunity to slip off she shirt and put on she new one over she bra . driver ( confuse ) the Empire State Building ? jamie oh , I have hear of that . King Kong , right ? ext . JFK airport - day 16 the plane touch down on the runway . int . baggage claim - day 17 Dylan walk down the stair through a sea of people . ext . JFK terminal - day 18 the hybrid pull up . Jamie leap out and run in . int . baggage claim - day 19 Dylan walk past friend , family and driver hold sign . he scan for he name . int . terminal - day 20 Jamie walk in and watch as a woman greet she driver hold a name card with she name . she go up to the driver . jamie ( be : name card ) be you do with this ? all meet up ? thanks . the driver nod and hand she the name card . she turn it over , take out a lipstick tube and start write . fwb - blue draft 7-14-10 int . hybrid / ext . new york CITY street - day Dylan and Jamie sit in the back . jamie this be a huge opportunity , Dylan . Art director of gq magazine . it 's the big league . no offense to you little " blog " on the internet . dylan which get six million hit last month . jamie I could put up a video of I mixing cake batter with my boob and get eight million hit . dylan it 's be do . duncan-my-tits hine . com . jamie there 's no question you be good at what you do , but this be gq . what 's you hesitation ? dylan I be from LA . New York 's so crowded . I like my open space . jamie what be you , a gazelle ? come on , what 's really worry you about this ? dylan ( beat ) I do not want to be the guy who take something legendary and shit the bed with it . Excuse the expression . jamie then be the guy who do not shit the bed , excuse the expression . the guy who ... clean the bed ? stripped the bed ? the guy who make the bed legendary again . he look out the window . 24 25 fwb - blue draft 7-14-10 15 jamie ( cont 'd ) come on , let 's get some coffee in you . or a green tea soy organic hemp bullshit in a sustainable cup . +e of Dylan look at she . she smile a big smile . * int / ext . 50 rockefeller CENTER - later - day 24 * Jamie walk Dylan in the entrance , finish coffee in hand . jamie good luck . dylan whatever happen happen . I tell you , I do not really want it . jamie just do I a favor ? pretend you want it so I look good . dylan I can do that . he smile at she and she take he empty coffee cup . he walk to the elevator . she head out the revolve door and out of sight . the day morph to dusk . Dylan exit the * building . * ext . 50 rockefeller CENTER - later - dusk 25 Jamie be play speed chess with a nine year - old girl . she make one more move . the kid make one . chess girl check mate . jamie ugh ! why do you keep beat I ? chess girl I do not know . jamie I be gonna beat you one of this time . chess girl no , you be not . you do not think enough move ahead . fwb - blue draft 7- 14-10 16 jamie Story of my life . the other day I be -- chess girl ugh . here we go . why do everyone think just ' cause I be small and asian I be wise beyond my year ? I be not Mr. miyagi , I be a kid ! she laugh and hand she money . she look up and see Dylan come out the building . she type something on she phone . jamie how would it go ? dylan they buy it . you be safe for a little while longer . jamie thank you . I owe you one . dylan then show I how to get to the hotel and we will call it even . jamie there 's a problem with that . you room 's not ready . not for a few hour anyway . dylan what ? it 's eight o'clock . jamie I know . it 's crazy . Hotel get flood . Fire alarm go off . Whole place shut down . hazmat team be call . let I show you around New York . dylan really ? hazmat team ? that 's what you be go with ? jamie I know , I be a horrible liar . please just come . dylan puppy dog eye . Nice touch . fwb - blue draft 7-14-10 jamie oh , you have not see my puppy dog eye yet . this be just baby chipmunk . he smile as she link he arm and they head off . few step he cell buzze . he look at the text . jamie you offer . dylan wait , I get it ? jamie they call I five minute ago . congratulation ! you be the new art director of gq . dylan ( be : text ) that 's more than I ask for . jamie and less than I ask for , but I still think you should take it . the offer expire at midnight tonight . dylan why do not you just tell I the offer instead of texting I ? jamie more dramatic . I like pageantry . Dylan take a deep breath . jamie you be not go to shit the bed , Dylan . I will not let you . dylan it 's a huge move . do I want to uproot my entire life for a job ? jamie for a job , no , for New York , yes . that 's why I be not gonna sell you on the job , I be gonna sell you on New York . and not the bullshit tourist version . she head off across the street , against the light . wait on the sidewalk . after a Dylan 17 fwb - blue draft 7-14-10 jamie what be you wait for ? dylan the light to change . jamie that 's so cute . you LA folk . I bet you also do not buy blood diamond . a confuse Dylan cautiously cross the street . 26 ext . 30 rockefeller CENTER - moment later - dusk there 's a line of pedicabs park out front . dylan rockefeller Center . this be what you be show I . this be not touristy at all . ( to pass german tourist ) want I to take photo for you ? bitte pphotograffen ? jamie shush . get in . dylan ooh , a pedicab . I feel like a real local . jamie you know , you cuteness can only get you so far . Zip it . they get in . int . pedicab / ext . new york CITY street - night Quick shot of Dylan and Jamie riding through New York ( wherever we shoot ) on the pedicab . 28 ext . dumbo - later - night they get out of the pedicab and walk to a outside club / bar set up on the shore with a dazzle view of the Bridge and Manhattan . 29 ext . brooklyn bridge club - later - night Dylan and Jamie drink at the outdoor bar , stare out at Manhattan . the waitress have shear top on with no bras . a dj spin music from a barge anchore out in the river . fwb - blue draft 7- 14 -10 19 jamie tell you what . I like you , I will give you you choice of close . dylan what ? jamie how I close you on this job . I have the flattery close -- " Dylan , you be so good at you job . " the take - it - or-leave - it -close , " I do not give a shit if you take it I get pay no matter what . " the sympathy close -- " my kidney be fail , let I keep my health care - - " dylan why do woman think the only way to get a guy to do what they want be to manipulate he ? jamie History , personal experience , romantic comedy . ( Dylan laugh ) you be here for a reason . whether you want to admit it or not . dylan yeah , to explore a option . who would not want to know they option ? jamie someone who 's in the perfect situation . dylan be you in the perfect situation ? jamie job. absolutely . everything else ? none of you business . ( Dylan laugh ) so , do you want to say yes now , or drag it out so you look cool ? dylan so much confidence . jamie with nothing to back it up . tee fh hof fwb - blue draft 7- 14 - 10 20 * they share a moment . Jamie flick the ear of a guy . he turn . it 's Alex rodriguez . alex rodriguez Jamie ! what 's up , baby ? jamie ( kiss hello ) what be you do out , Alex ? do not you have a game tomorrow ? alex rodriguez off day . and I be not drink . just hang out . jamie betcha jeter 's in bed right now . alex rodriguez ( laugh ) probably . dylan with the old ball - and -chain . you be smarter than that , be I right ? Dylan laugh . Alex laugh . Dylan laugh harder . Alex laugh harder then -- alex rodriguez Jamie , get this guy out of my face before I crack he skull . dylan I be sorry , man . no disrespect . I be a huge fan of yours . alex rodriguez you do not know I ! do not talk to I like you know I ! one more word , peppercorn , you will be pissing my blood for a week . I will tear out you tongue and shove it up you ass . Dylan be scared shitless . alex rodriguez ( cont 'd ) I be just kid , bro . any of friend of Jamie 's be alright on my scorecard . you okay with drink ? can I buy you some drink ? +e ff hof * +e eh of 30 30 a 31 32 fwb - blue draft 7-14-10 21 jamie oh , thanks , honey . Jamie look at the drink menu . Alex take this opportunity to laser -stare at Dylan and pantomime slitting he throat and mouth " I be gonna kill you . " on Dylan . ext . new york STREET - later - night 30 they walk down the street . dylan a- Rod seem great . Real nice . how do you know he ? jamie the Met hire I to try to get he . dylan really ? jamie no , not really . we date briefly . good guy , a little freaky . he want I to wear he cup . ( then , to street vendor ) two gyro number six . extra sauce . ext . build loading dock - night 30a she drag he into a service entrance of a skyscraper . int . stairway - later - night 31 they walk up a narrow stairway and go in a door mark " no entry . " they walk down another hallway , turn leave , turn right and enter a unmark door . ext . 101 park avenue rooftop - later - night 32 they walk out the door onto a huge roof . they turn a corner and see the most stun view of New York from all side . jamie here 's you open space . run , gazelle , run . dylan be we allow to be up here ? jamie I will not tell if you will not . fwb - blue draft 7-14-10 22 time dissolve to later . they eat gyros gaze at the city . dylan ( be : gyro ) this be really good . jamie I know right ? I eat like five of this a day . dylan really ? jamie yeah , I can eat anything and I do not gain weight . please . I will be on the treadmill two hour tomorrow for this . I have one of that crazy human metabolism . dylan you know , you speak really fast and change subject a lot . you be like a Woody Allen movie . jamie I do not get that reference . I be under fifty . ( then ) so anyway , what do you dad think ? dylan about what ? jamie he write for the LA Times for 23 year . he must have a opinion about this job . dylan you do you homework . jamie I have access at work to " google . " ( then ) I be sure you ask he about it . dylan I do not actually . jamie that must mean you know what he would say . fwb - blue draft 7- 14 -10 23 dylan he would tell I to go with my gut . and that he 's proud of I no matter what . jamie sound like a good guy . dylan he be . what about you ? be headhunt hereditary ? jamie ( laugh , then ) no dad . and I do not talk to my mom much . but if you click you heel three time she magically appear . dylan I do not get that reference . I be over twelve . ( then ) I bet she 's proud of you . jamie ( a moment ) I never really think about it . she get lose in the moment . a glimmer in she eye . jamie ( cont 'd ) it 's the real island of misfit toy . all that people from all over the world who never really fit in , or have a home , find one here . dylan include you ? jamie especially I . he glance over at she . there 's something about this girl . she break the moment . jamie ( cont 'd ) wanna see something cool ? she lie down on she back . she motion for he to join she . dylan what be you do ? fwb - blue draft 7- 14 -10 24 jamie stop be so uptight and lie down . dylan be not the guy suppose to say that ? jamie hilarious . great stuff . she pat the ground . he reluctantly join she . they look up at the sky . it 's full of star . jamie only place in the city you can see star . dylan whoa . it 's awesome . jamie I come up here to think . whenever it get too much for I down there . it 's like my New York version of a mountain top . and the best thing ? no cell phone reception . she get lose in the view . dylan you take all you recruit up here ? jamie actually I have never take anyone up here . dylan well , thanks . jamie if you tell anyone about it I will rip you ear off and staple they to you neck . dylan everyone in this city seem really violent . jamie let 's go . last stop . she jump up . he follow after . 33 fwb - blue draft 7-14 -10 25 ext . time square - later - night they walk out of the subway station into Times Square . Jamie check she phone and grab Dylan . jamie come on . hurry up . dylan where be we go ? jamie shush . she lead he down the sidewalk . they land in the middle of the area in front of the tkt step . people swarm around they . dylan now you be show I large group of people . because no one ever congregate in LA . all we do be drive and stay with we own race . just then a fast cover of " New York New York " start blast . the camera find a few people hold up synchronize boombox . then a few pedestrian start dance ( choreograph ) to it , then some people join in , then some more -- it 's a flashmob . shot from all angle , it 's stun . dylan do this people get pay for this ? jamie Nah , it 's just for fun . feel nice to be part of a group . New York can be a lonely place sometimes . dylan and you be try to sell I on it ? jamie every place be lonely sometimes . just then one of the dancer leapfrog Dylan , scare the shit out of he . dancer be now all around they . they try to make they way out of the flashmob , ducking dancer leg , arm , and body . Dylan look at Jamie for a beat . dylan I be in . 33 33A 33b 34 fwb - blue draft 7-14-10 26 jamie what ? dylan you sell I . I will take it . more avoidance as they make they way through the mob . jamie really ? dylan you surprised ? jamie no no . just excited . cool . you be gonna crush it . welcome to New York . ( then , joke ) you can all go home now ! they slip through as the flash mob dance away , force they to duck and crawl . ext . losangeles -now.com office - week later - day through the window we see Dylan shaking hand , say good - bye to he staff . a " you sold out , Dylan ! " Banner hang in the background . he hand he male co- worker back the pants he borrow . ext . airplane - later - day a airplane fly through the sky . int . airplane - same - day Dylan talk to he seatmate with New York out the window . dylan it be not so much the pilot 's skill that land the plane on the river so much as the mechanic of the aircraft . seatmate ( dead serious ) be you say sully be not a hero ? that better not be what you be say . dylan no no , it 's just that there be other factor -- 33A * +e of 33b * 34 fwb - blue draft 7 - 14 - 10 29 % jamie that 's awesome ! dylan yeah , but how much more awesome would it be if this happen . he hit a button and the flashmob assemble into giant G - q letter . it then morph into the " gq " on the cover of a magazine and then a " .com " fly into frame . dylan ( cont 'd ) I get in touch with a guy who put flashmob together . we might use they for gorilla advertising . jamie nothing say man 's magazine more than five hundred people dance around a light pole . ( then ) you contract . sign it and you will be do with I . he look through it and get a sick feel . dylan a whole year . oof . jamie I know , it seem like forever . what do you think life will be like ina whole year ? Flying car for sure , molecular transportation , probably fish walk all over the place . Dylan page through . jamie ( cont 'd ) why do I get the feel this be the first real commitment you have ever make ? dylan ( hold up he phone ) t-mobile . two year . and fuck , do I regret that one . jamie just do not leave or get fire so I can get my bonus , okay ? tee fh hof +e of +e of * +e ff hof * fwb - blue draft 7- 14 -10 30 dylan wait . I can leave ? then what 's the point of the contract ? jamie they be a lot of loophole , just sign the damn thing . dylan ( as he sign ) wish t-mobile have loophole . jamie thank you . dylan I be think of get some lunch . you eat yet ? jamie be you ask I out ? that 's really inappropriate . dylan I be not ask you out . I be ask you to show I a restaurant . jamie " Cause I be the only friend you have in New York . it would not be smart to complicate that . dylan Jamie , I be not ask you out . jamie I mean sure , we might have fun for a little while , roll around , maybe even get into some erotic humiliation fantasy , but it would just end badly and we would hate each other . dylan I be not fuck ask you out , Jamie ! jamie ( fake emotion ) okay , fine . you do not like I like that . you do not have to hurt my feeling . dylan what ? 41 fwb - blue draft 7-14-10 jamie I be mess with you . you be such a baby . let 's go , my treat . int . coffee shop - later - day they eat at a table . jamie be it a easy move ? Dylan 's cell ring over -- dylan it be hard leave my dad and my sister give I some shit , but the timing be right . he see it 's kayla . he hit " ignore . " dylan ( cont 'd ) the timing be really right . jamie you sister ? dylan no. my ex . she want we to " stay friend . " jamie ( puke noise ) dylan also she 's convinced she can cure I of my emotional unavailability . jamie oh , you be emotionally unavailable ? I be emotionally damage . I have not see you at the meeting . dylan ( laugh ) I be kinda burnt on relationship for awhile . jamie I , too , girlfriend . I be do . you be preaching to the congregation . 31 41 42 fwb - blue draft 7-14-10 dylan you mean the choir . you be suppose to preach to the congregation . jamie do you understand what I be say ? then do not be a jerk about it . Dylan 's phone ring again . it 's kayla . Jamie pick it up . jamie ( cont 'd ) hello . you have reach Dylan harper 's cell phone . he 's emotionally unavailable right now . but if you would like to -- hello ? hello ? wow , you service do suck . dylan right ? Jamie laugh . this guy be pretty cool . jamie I be have some friend over tomorrow night . come , I will introduce you . on Dylan . int . jamie' apartment - another night - night Jamie be have a party . people be drink , play playstation " move , " hang around . Jamie go to the door . it 's Dylan . dylan sorry , I be late . jamie Dylan ! ( to friend ) hey , this be Dylan . from LA . the friend boo . jamie ( cont 'd ) he 's why I have enough money to buy you alcohol tonight . the friend cheer . dylan do they do everything in unison ? 32 42 +e ff hof 43 43a 44 45 46 47 48 fwb - blue draft 7-14-10 33 * she shove he into the party . shot of the party . Dylan fit in perfectly . laugh , drink , play playstation " move , " dance , people make out , more drink , etc . Dylan pass out drunk , Jamie and friend draw all over he face with a sharpie . montage : int . dylan' office - day Dylan work in he office move around a new layout on a bulletin board . the fade remnant of Jamie 's draw - on - he face be still visible . int . dylan' apartment - night different party . Jamie pass out drunk . Dylan draw on Jamie , but nothing appear on she face . he give up . int . jamie' office - day she 's give a presentation to some executive . her material read " olive bridge executive recruitment . " she turn off the light and we see she face have be draw on with glow - in- the -dark marker . int . dylan' office - night he work late at night with colleague . Tommy bollinger be swinging a baseball bat as he think . then he absentmindedly start to stroke it . Dylan take it away from he . int . JFK baggage claim - day Jamie wait to pick up a recruit . she 's finish a slice of pizza . then she spot a electronic billboard feature the Times Square flashmob end in " gq.com ! " she take a picture of herself point to it and email it to Dylan . int . dylan' apartment - day Dylan work in he apartment , eat a gyro alone . he have not unpack anything yet . he get the picture and write back : " Nice . can not do dinner . work like mofo . tell everyone hi . " ext . brooklyn bridge club - dusk Dylan be host a party for gq at the Brooklyn Bridge bar . the woman with the see-through top have " gq.com " print on they chest . Tommy bollinger approach Dylan . a 43 44 45 46 47 48 49 fwb - blue draft 7-14-10 34 tommy bollinger you be right , bro . this place be bananas . we should do all we event here from now on . dylan I know , right ? my friend Jamie take I here my first day in New York . tommy bollinger well she 's awesome . ' Cause check out the beer can on that dude . he point to a guy with a huge package . tommy bollinger ( cont 'd ) I be gonna shotgun that shit tonight . dylan do you have sex every day ? tommy bollinger do you have sex every day ? no . do you want to have sex every day ? yes . why ? because you be a guy . let I tell you something about gay guy . we be guy . and guy like to fuck . it 's not emotional . not about feeling . just busting a nut . understand ? dylan ( not really ) mostly . tommy bollinger I love what you be do with the cover layout . classy yet current . he high - fives he and head off . Dylan turn and accidentally bump into Alex rodriguez , knock a drink on he . alex rodriguez Son of a bitch ! Alex go ballistic and have to be restrain . int . jamie' apartment - day / night a movie party at Jamie 's . everyone 's watch meg Ryan and billy Crystal in " when Harry met Sally . " 49 50 fwb - blue draft 7- 14-10 35 everyone just do it already ! / come on ! / fuck each other ! / bore ! dissolve to : fewer people . they be watch " the Ugly Truth " with Katherine heigl and gerard butler . everyone do it ! / hurry up ! / get to it ! / euck ! dissolve to : fewer people . now they be watch nia vardolos and John corbett in " my Big fat Greek wedding . " everyone no ! / do not ! / stop ! / do not do it ! / no ! dissolve to : fewer people . now they be watch heath ledger and Jake gyllenhaal in " brokeback Mountain . " everyone do it ! / come on ! / fuck ! end montage int . jamie' apartment - later - night 50 now it 's only Dylan and Jamie . they be drink beer , watch another movie . on screen a romantic comedy actor talk to a romantic comedy actress in any location . " plucky " score accompany they every move : romantic comedy actress I can not do this anymore . romantic comedy actor yeah . we have to both get happy . the actress turn and walk away with tear in she eye . the actor stay , check he watch and head off for something clearly important . the score reflect this . dylan why do this movie always have such bad music ? and it 's wall - to - wall . fwb - blue draft 7-14-10 36 jamie it 's so you know how to feel every single second . dylan " I be heartbroken ! " ( sad beat ) " I be get marry to the man of my dream ! " ( happy beat ) " I be creep through a office ! " ( suspenseful beat ) Jamie laugh as she get up . as she cross off , Dylan " score " she every move : every footstep , head turn , etc . she exit and Dylan " score " anticipatory beat . he change the score as she ( play along ) pop she head in then hold up a bag of popcorn and walk back . jamie be that my husband ? Dylan " score " suspense . Jamie continue act -- jamie I do not care ! you be the one I want . she sexily approach he on the couch . he " score " sexy music . she lean in to he and break off at the last second . they laugh . she collapse on the couch . jamie I wish my life be a movie sometimes . I would never have to worry about my hair , or pay my bill , or have to go to the bathroom . and then when I be at my lowest point , some guy would chase I down , pour out he heart and then we would kiss . on screen : int / ext . union station - day a actress busy a ticket from the kiosk , suitcase in hand . she 's wear a broach in the shape of a daisy . a actor run up with a bouquet of daisy . romantic comedy actor madison , wait ! romantic comedy actress bryce ? how do you know I be at Grand Central Station ? +e ff hof fwb - blue draft 7- 14 -10 37 dylan you be not . you be on a set . clearly in Los Angeles . jamie sssh ! romantic comedy actress what be you do here ? Jamie mouth the line she know they so well over -- they kiss . on screen romantic comedy actor to tell you that I love that sunset make you cry . that I do not care you fail you real estate exam . and that I be glad you have a five date rule . and that I love you . romantic comedy actress ( through tear ) not as much as I love you . dylan ... and there it be . the couple exit the station and get into a horse - draw carriage and go off into the sunset in a big crane shot . jamie I mean come on , horse - and -carriage ? that 's awesome . dylan I do not know New York have so many palm tree . jamie do not be a hater . ( then ) why do not they ever make a movie about what happen after the big kiss ? dylan they do . it 's call porn . jamie God , I miss sex . fwb - blue draft 7- 14 -10 39 jamie no one want to go away for the weekend after they play tennis . dylan it 's just a game . you shake hand and get on with you shit . she finish she beer and get up . Dylan watch she walk out of the room , notice for the first time she 's wear a T-shirt without a bra . she return with two bottle of beer . dylan let 's play tennis . jamie I suck at tennis . and it 's kinda gay . dylan no I mean , let 's " play tennis . " jamie what ? dylan let 's have sex like it 's tennis . jamie get the hell outta here . she shove he as she collapse on the couch . dylan why not ? this could be great . she hand he a beer . jamie dude , we talk about this . I do not like you like that . dylan I do not like you like that either . that 's why it 's perfect . two people play tennis . crack we neck . jamie I do not even know if I think you be attractive . dylan that 's cute . fwb - blue draft 7-14-10 jamie that 's enough of the tennis. ( get up ) not here . in the bedroom . dylan what 's wrong with right here ? jamie Light 's better in the bedroom . and ' cause you be just my friend , I do not have to be insecure about my body . dylan you be beautiful . you have nothing to be insecure about . jamie bup ! that sound emotionally - supportive . lock that down . dylan you ass be a little boney . jamie there you go . better . 51 int . jamie' bedroom - moment later - night they rush in , undress . jamie my nipple be sensitive , I do not like dirty talk , and if I would know this be gonna happen I would have shave my leg this morning . dylan my chin be ticklish , I sneeze sometimes after I cum , and if I would know this be gonna happen I would not have shave my leg this morning . jamie I always keep my sock on . dylan foot gross I out . they face each other . Jamie take off she T-shirt back to the camera ) . 42 51 ( with she fwb - blue draft 7 - 14 - 10 43 dylan ( cont 'd ) ( clinical ) I can work with that . he pull off he boxer ( hide from the camera ) . jamie ( clinical ) should be fine . they get on the bed and go back at it . he start kissing she cleavage , then down she stomach over -- jamie I can not believe I be do this . it 's not what sex be suppose to be . dylan should we stop ? we could just go for a run . jamie be we too old for this ? dylan sex ? jamie casual sex . it seem very collegey . dylan I can sing some third Eye blind . close time , one last call for alcohol so finish you whiskey or beer . I know who -- jamie that 's not third Eye blind . dylan might as well be . she slap he . jamie we be just do this once . Jamie laugh as he go below the sheet . we stay on Jamie . jamie hey , Dylan . uh...no ... +e of fwb - blue draft 7-14-10 44 she wait she wait under the under the dylan ( pop up ) we should stop . jamie no , I mean yes , but that 's not what -- dylan ( as he go back under ) yeah , I know who I want to take I home . take I home ... as he go to work . jamie actually ... dylan ( under sheet ) just relax . another beat . then she start tapping he head sheet . softer , harder , until finally she reach sheet and grab he by the hair and yank he up . jamie what be you try to do , dig you way to China ? ( grab he tongue ) this be not a jackhammer . dylan ( tongue still hold ) I be great at this . jamie say who ? dylan ( tongue hold ) every girl I have be with . jamie they be either lie to you or they vaginas be make out of burlap . ( release he tongue ) slow down . you be not a lizard . dylan okay . fine. ( then ) so gather up you jacket and move it to the exit ... 53 fwb - blue draft 7- 14-10 47 * jamie ( cont 'd ) I have a few too many drink , I be feel a little frisky -- chess girl stop talk to I about you life ! I be nine ! jamie sorry . you just seem so know . chess girl if you be look to adopt I -- too late , the birmbaums beat you to it . Jamie laugh and hand she a five . int . gq office - the next day - day 53 Dylan be in the bullpen with some people , include Tommy bollinger . he compare two cover : one with Barack Obama , the other with the other with Alex rodriguez . dylan let 's go with Obama . tommy bollinger no ! too easy . go with a - Rod . he 's philanthropic , transcendent of sport , and have a ass like a boulder . they could use it to make diamond . dylan I hear he 's kind of a jerk . tommy bollinger what ? he 's the nicest guy in the world . I have hang with he a bunch of time . you be just threaten by he ' cause he 's the best ballplayer in the universe and he get more squirrel than a oak tree . dylan I be not threaten by he . tommy bollinger there be a lot of fish in the sea , chuckle . relax , he will leave some for you . +e eh of a +e of fwb - blue draft 7-14-10 48 dylan I do not know , Obama 's right up there with churchill , Kennedy , ghandi ... tommy bollinger fatso , dumbo , giant queen . go with a-rod . a assistant walk in . assistant Jamie rellis 's in the lobby for you . dylan thanks . give I a second , guy . as he walk out the open doorway -- tommy bollinger no one want to fuck Obama , bro . he 's get ear like a elephant . that 's not the part of a elephant you want . 54 int . lobby - moment later - day 54 Jamie be sit on the couch . she jump up as Dylan enter . jamie hey . dylan hey . jamie sorry to show up like this . dylan no , it 's fine . they kiss on the cheek , a little awkwardly . jamie wanna take a walk ? dylan Love to . 55 ext . new york STREET - later - day 55 they walk - and -talk . fwb - blue draft 7- 14 -10 49 jamie gorgeous day . dylan it 's beautiful . not too humid . jamie suppose to be even hotter tomorrow . dylan sandal weather . jamie time to break out the sunblock . dylan hot time , summer in the city . jamie so ... about what happen ... dylan it be crazy . she stop he . a caricaturist work on the sidewalk next to they . jamie exactly ! that 's not really I . dylan we get carry away . all that beer . jamie and that movie . dylan close time , one last call for alcohol ... ( then ) I totally agree . let 's forget it happen . jamie I have have one night stand before -- none of which I be proud of -- but think we could just have sex without it get complicated be just ... dylan misguided . +e of fwb - blue draft 7-14-10 52 dylan I do not know . jamie slower . dylan Higher . jamie rub my hair . dylan kiss my neck . jamie ( giggle ) watch my nipple . dylan ( be : mark on she side ) I do not know you have a tattoo . jamie yeah . dylan what be that , scooby doo ? jamie no . it 's a dog . a yellow lab . dylan be it you dog ? jamie no , we never have one . but everyone else do . and I always think have a dog mean you have a normal life . which , at 17 , I desperately want . dylan so , as a sign of rebellion you get a tattoo of the most conventional thing you could think of ? jamie yup . I be awesome back then . dylan ( point to he tattoo ) a lightning bolt . eighteen . ( more ) fwb - blue draft 7-14-10 dylan ( cont 'd ) want superpower . and I be a little into " Harry Potter . " I be a lot into " Harry Potter . " jamie wow . we both have super queer tattoo . they go at it as they talk -- dylan you sure about this ? jamie be you ? dylan no. jamie I neither . dylan at least we will be make the mistake together . jamie that 's the beauty of this . if we be " together " and this do not work out , we would never speak to each other again . dylan but because we be friend , if this do not work , we stay friend . jamie exactly . dylan we be do a lot of talk . and none of it be dirty . jamie you toenail be disgusting . dylan oh yeah , baby . she laugh then kiss he . close on Jamie 's face . the background morph to -- 59 60 fwb - blue draft 7- 14-10 55 Jamie wait . then a few drop . then a few more . then a little stream . then it stop . then a burst of stream . a abrupt stop . then a long stream . then some drop . then silence . then a blast of stream . jamie Jesus Christ ! Dylan get up , flush the toilet then run back into bed , naked ( shot obscura ) . jamie do you wash you hand ? ( off Dylan ) dude ! we might just be friend , but I be still a lady . now go wash you hand and bring that fine ass back here . he rush back to the bathroom . close on Dylan 's butt . the background morph to -- int . dylan' apartment - another night - night 59 Dylan 's butt . they be go at it again . Dylan laugh . dylan you face be so funny when you be have sex . jamie my face be funny ? mister -- ( imitate he orgasm face ) dylan I do not do ( imitate she imitation ) that. jamie okay . close on they intertwined limb . morph to -- int . jamie' apartment - another night - night 60 they limb . pull back and they be go at it . Dylan crane to see the yankee game . without stop -- jamie it 's two - two , top of the eighth . jeter 's up . 61 fwb - blue draft 7- 14-10 56 dylan should we wait to see what he do ? jamie sure . they both stop and watch . he hit a home run . they jump up excited and high - five and hug like two drunk , guy friend . they go right back at it . Jamie break off -- jamie ( cont 'd ) wait , why do you like the yankee ? dylan I do not . you do . and it turn you on . which be what I like . jamie I will allow it . they go back at it . close on Jamie 's face . morph to -- int . jamie' shower - another day - day 61 Jamie 's face . she have on a shower cap , pull down really tight around she face . they be go at it in the shower . dylan do you really have to wear that ? jamie I just have my hair do . dylan so ? have it do again . jamie no way . this have gotta keep through Friday . I be get my driver 's license picture take . dylan but it look like you be about to go make donut . or recalibrate a Intel pentium processor . she reach out and grab another shower cap . she put it on he head . jamie you be right . it look weird . like you be about to give someone a epidural . 62 63 64 fwb - blue draft 7- 14 -10 57 dylan right ? he reach to take hers off . she smack he hand like a ninja . jamie Driver 's license picture . can not change it for eight year . dylan get it . they go at it with they shower cap on . close on Jamie 's face . they morph to -- omitted 62 int . dylan' apartment - another night - night 63 Jamie 's face . Jamie be on top , Dylan be on he back . dylan do you like this position ? jamie it 's alright . dylan gotta be honest , I feel a little emasculate . jamie a naked woman be sit on top of you screwing you brain out , and you feel emasculate ? dylan a little bit . jamie Fine , baby . chinese fire drill . they switch . close on Dylan 's face as it morph to -- int . dylan' apartment - another night - night 64 Dylan 's face . he make he orgasm face and sneeze . a camera phone come into frame and snap a picture . then Jamie come up and show Dylan the picture . jamie told you . fwb - blue draft 7-14-10 61 lorna ( cont 'd ) ( to Dylan ) I be lorna . dylan Dylan . lorna sweet to meet you . I say , " lorna , this be not you bliss . just because you be thirty - nine -- jamie forty-eight . lorna " lorna , you do not have to settle . he 's not a insurance claim . " so I get the first plane off the island -- jamie Cleveland 's not a island . lorna oh honey , it be . anyway here I be . just want to see my baby . you never tell I you have a hunky new boyfriend . jamie he 's not my boyfriend . dylan we be just friend . lorna ooh , I love it ! it 's like the 70 in here . that be a better time . just sex -- a little grass , a little glue , not gonna lie -- but no complication . jamie that 's all this be . lorna so my daughter be just a slampiece ? dylan no , no I do not -- 66 fwb - blue draft 7-14-10 62 lorna I be kid . slam away . just do not break she , she 's real brittle , like a graham cracker . have fun , I think it 's great . it take you off the market but what the hell -- only reason you go to the market be to buy the produce , which you already get . ( smack Dylan 's butt ) it 's so good to see you , honey . I will not stay here more than a few week . ( hug Jamie ) I be starve . get any vodka ? jamie in the kitchen . she walk out , leave Jamie and Dylan alone . jamie my mother , lady and gentleman . dylan ( smell he chest ) be she wear axe body spray ? lorna ( 0.s. ) bananas in the refrigerator ? oh , honey you have gotta find a less obvious place to hide you weed . ext . battery park basketball court - next day - day 66 Dylan be play pickup basketball with Tommy bollinger and some other guy . Dylan be good , but Tommy be awesome . after Dylan steal the ball he dribble up and shoot . he miss . Tommy rebound it and dunk it home . everyone high - fives as the game be over . they start change . dylan you get some serious hop . tommy bollinger I play at Duke . for coach kk. dylan how be he ? tommy bollinger I would crawl a mile through break glass to suck the dick of the guy who get to serve lunch to coach K. 68 fwb - blue draft 7-14-10 67 lorna I know I have not be the best mother in the world ... jamie ( beat ) I be sorry , be you wait for I to jump in ? lorna come on , go away with I . jamie ( after a beat ) yeah . it will be fun . lorna hug Jamie . it 's a long hug . Jamie hold she mother tight . she 's all she have . after a beat she hear snore -- jamie ( cont 'd ) how can you actually go to sleep that fast ? you be like a cartoon . she help she to the couch , lorna 's slip fall off as she do . but Jamie be happy to be go away with she mom . we push out the window as night turn to day . int . dylan' apartment - the next day - day 68 Jamie and Dylan be take off they clothes ( very workmanlike ) as they speak -- jamie sorry about my mom . dylan I think she be funny . jamie she 's really funny when she ask for money . and she 's hilarious when she need a place to stay . ( be : she lower back what be this back here ? dylan ( a really close look just a panty indentation . ( then ) have it always be like that with you mom ? fwb - blue draft 7-14-10 68 jamie ever since I can remember . I be kinda like the mom and she be always kinda like the devil-child . Dylan check out a bump on he inner thigh . dylan not to be gross , but do that look red to you ? jamie ( get a close look ) no , it 's fine . ( then ) and she be wrong about we . this be not stop we from see other people . dylan yeah , I have just be concentrate on work . jamie and I really need a break . he drop down out of frame . jamie ( cont 'd ) but I actually think I want to start dating again . ( tap the cover ) Dylan . I be not really feel it . dylan ( o.s. ) I be use you technique ! jamie no , I mean , " it . " do you hear I ? I think we should stop this . he pop back up . and take it in for a beat . Processing . dylan yeah . I kinda think you be right . jamie yeah . dylan every new beginning come from some other beginning 's end . ( more ) fwb - blue draft 7-14-10 69 * dylan ( cont 'd ) ( then ) hey , that actually make sense here ! jamie want to get some lunch ? dylan sure . they start put they clothes back on . dylan ( cont 'd ) bra . he toss she bra to she . jamie boxer . she toss he boxer to he . jamie so this be the end of this ? dylan I guess so . pant . jamie ( catch pants ) we do it though . shirt . dylan ( catch shirt ) yup . no bullshit . watch . jamie ( catch watch ) we stay friend . wristband make of bead . ( toss wristband ) that 's really not a turn - on , just fyi . dylan it 's a bracelet . jamie you know what it 's not ? a turn -on . he toss a shoe at she , hard . she duck . * +e ff hof 69 fwb - blue draft 7-14-10 dylan shoe . ext . central park / bethesda fountain - later - day Dylan and Jamie walk through the park at lunch . it 's a beautiful day and people sun themselves in skimpy clothes . jamie so what be you type anyway ? dylan I do not really have a type . it 's more about what 's inside -- jamie ( jab he ) what 's you type ? quick cut as Dylan ping - pong around the plaza -- dylan her face . that hair . her leg . that ass . that breast . jamie ugh . it 's like you be order at kfc . dylan luckily none of this woman have ever order at kfc . she shove he . he spot a woman with all he favorite trait . and she 's read a book . dylan whoa . and she 's read a book . jamie probably something by Nicholas spark . " dear juliet , I put in a message in a notebook and sang a song about death . " dylan so mean . I be gonna go talk to she . jamie what ? 70 69 +e of fwb - blue draft 7-14-10 71 dylan we say we want to date again . I be gonna go talk to she . jamie right here ? right now ? in front of all this people ? dylan I do not say I be gonna rape she , I say I be gonna talk to she . he walk over to she . Jamie watch as he walk up to the woman and start talk to she . it look like he 's get somewhere : she laugh , he laugh , then he point to the balcony behind the fountain . she touch he arm and walk off , smile . Dylan walk back to Jamie . jamie well ? dylan we talk , we laugh , she 's belgian - - jamie explain the read . dylan I tell she where the balcony be because that 's where she 's meeting she ... they watch as a equally hot guy approach the woman and give she a big european kiss . dylan ( cont 'd ) ... husband . jamie you do not see a wedding ring ? dylan be not wear one . she 's belgian . jamie they be really break it down . they must be newlywed . the couple be now deeply kissing . dylan married five year . ( more ) 71 fwb - blue draft 7-14-10 Jamie start walk . dylan ( cont 'd ) ( quick -draw ) hello ! yeah , I get a 401k . how you like I now ? jamie I be go in . dylan ( a la a movie ) this could be the first day of the rest of you life . to " score " as Jamie stand next to the guy and have a conversation . they turn and look at Dylan then talk some more . enter something into he cell . back to Dylan -- as he score she return . Jamie smile and wave at parker , smitten . Dylan sneak a jamie his name be parker . he 's a child 's oncologist . we have a date Saturday . dylan why would you wave to I ? jamie I say you be my gay best friend . he want to set you up with he brother . ( the , score ) bum bum bum . glance at she . be he a little jealous ? int . Jamie and parker be deep into they date . new york restaurant - another night - night they be laugh and enjoy each other . jamie I can not believe you actually cure cancer . parker well , I and God . jamie what ? the guy Jamie smile and cross 73 Dylan " score " she walk a la a movie . with every step , another beat . Jamie laugh . he continue it 's go great . 71 72 and 73a fwb - blue draft 7-14-10 parker I be kid . can you imagine someone would say that ? jamie uh , yeah . I have be out with a lot of they . parker Cancer doctor ? jamie no. asshole . parker well , hopefully you be do with all that . ( then ) when can I see you again ? Jamie cover he eye with she hand , then take jamie right now . ( then ) just kid . can you imagine someone would do something like that ? omitted int . new york bar - another day - day Jamie and parker eat burger at the bar . jamie I play tuba in high school . the world 's stupidest instrument . especially when you move eight time . parker why would you move ? jamie my mom like to break up with guy . and she 's really good at it . parker be you dad one of they ? they away . 74 72 * and 73a * 73b 74 fwb - blue draft 7-14-10 76 jamie it be . he kiss she again . int . hospital cafeteria ( or anywhere ) - another day - day 73b * they eat lunch . parker be in he scrub . * jamie so why be a guy like you single ? parker I have be wait for someone to come up to I in the park and compliment I for look at the tree and not the sun bather . jamie I mean it . that be impressive . parker why be a girl like you single ? jamie I have issue . one even might call I damage . actually , one do call I damage . parker damage how ? jamie I actually think there might be a Prince charm out there . he register this for a second , the tiniest flash of panic on he face . he brushes it aside by go in and kissing she . she get a text from Dylan : " so ? " she snap a picture of she and parker while give a thumb - up and send it to Dylan . int . dylan' office - same - day 74 Dylan get Jamie 's text and delete it . Tommy bollinger * stick he head in . * tommy bollinger I know this be a probably a no ' cause all you do be work like a dull boy , but I be head out for a beer . wanna come ? +e of 75 fwb - blue draft 7-14-10 Dylan think for a beat . 77 % tommy bollinger ( cont 'd ) do not worry , it 's nota gay bar . there will be just as many hot girl as hot guy . dylan you know what ? I will come out . tommy bollinger alright . sweet . let 's lady . Tommy grab he and drag he out . find you a tommy bollinger ( cont 'd ) you still not gay , right ? dylan yeah . tommy bollinger let I know . ext . revival movie theater - another night - night parker wait outside . the marquee sally . " Jamie walk up and kiss the orgasm scene from the movie . understand . jamie " when Harry met Sally ? " where she fake ... parker read " when harry met parker . then she recreate parker do not quite the scene I have never see it before . this be my first time . jamie really ? well , it 's gonna change you life . parker it 's Danny devito right ? jamie ( disappointed ) come on . let 's go . 75 +e of +e of * 76 77 fwb - blue draft 7-14-10 int . jamie' apartment - another night - night 78 76 * Jamie and parker make out on the couch . they have be drink . jamie you know what tonight be ? number five . parker I have not even be count . yes he have . he kiss she . then -- parker want to go into the bedroom ? jamie Nah , here 's fine . she turn off a lamp and they kiss again . we go close on Jamie -- int . dylan' apartment - same - night 77 close on Dylan 's face . pull back to reveal he 's on he couch with a girl , Laura , kissing . she 's all over he . almost lick he . she stop suddenly . LAURA what be you think ? dylan ( " you be a freak " ) just how great you be . no he 's not . his cell ring . he jump up to answer it . dylan ( cont 'd ) hey , Annie . LAURA ( fatal attraction ) who the fuck be Annie ? dylan my sister . LAURA better be . I will cut she . dylan what 's up ...? of course I be come . ( more ) 78 fwb - blue draft 7- 14 - 10 79 % dylan ( cont 'd ) I be take the 4th off so I will be there for three day . how 's dad , any worse ...? tell he I say hi , okay ...? Love you . bye , banannie . he hang up . Laura run over with she top off and wrap herself around he . she kiss both he ear . LAURA I want you to meet my parent . Dylan " score " horror score to himself . int . jamie' live room - the next morning - day 78 Jamie be asleep on the couch with parker . her cell ring . she scramble to pick it up so not to wake parker . into phone -- jamie hold on . she walk into she bedroom . lorna be asleep on the bed in she clothes , with a bottle of vodka next to she . jamie shit . hold on again . lorna sorry , I get in pretty late last night and you and you girlfriend be asleep on the couch so I just crash in you bed . jamie girlfriend ? he 's not a girl . lorna oh. really ? ( then ) I wanna buy marshmallow . jamie what ? lorna for montauk . I want to do a campfire . like when you be little . jamie okay . back to sleep . +e eh of a +e of 719 80 fwb - blue draft 7-14-10 she slip out past parker and out the front door . ext . jamie' building's sidewalk - moment later she busy coffee from a cart as she talk -- jamie what 's up ? intercut w/ int . dylan' office - same - day he 's manipulate a layout on a display . dylan do you think guy care more about Global warming or " how to wear White pant to a cookout ? " jamie tough one . do you have some sexy model in a bikini stand on a icecap ? dylan ski slope . jamie I still think pants to a cookout . dylan yeah , I too . he move the pant article above the Global warming . signal " two coffee " to the vendor . dylan ( cont 'd ) how 's parker ? jamie good . he 's upstairs . dylan it 's already the fifth date ? jamie yup . dylan do you , you know , fifth - date he ? jamie a lady never tell . Jamie 80 79 80 fwb - blue draft 7 - 14 - 10 81 Jamie see parker exite she building . jamie ( cont 'd ) I gotta go . have a great time in LA . call I when you get there . dylan Jamie -- but she hang up and call out to parker , who 's walk away . jamie parker ! parker hey . jamie where be you go ? I get we coffee . ( hand he coffee ) skim milk , one sugar , one splenda . parker I gotta get go . jamie but you say you be not on - call today . parker look at she . Jamie take it in . he 's sneaking out ! jamie really ? the sneak -out . wow . that 's awesome . Way to be a cliché . parker no , Jamie , listen -- jamie ( laugh ) oh no , I be not gonna listen . I be such a idiot . like a five date rule be gonna change anything . stupid no - name movie . congratulation , dude , you get I . parker I just do not know if I can be you Prince charm . 83 fwb - blue draft 7-14-10 84 ext . dylan' build - later - day 83 close on the note . it 's on Dylan 's phone as he exit with he travel bag . we make out " back to cleveland with ' lombard ' victor . " he 's on the phone . intercut w/ int . jamie' apartment - same - day jamie why would I think this time would be any different ? dylan come with I to LA . jamie what ? dylan it will be fun . what else be you gonna do ? it 's the 4th of July , everyone 's go . he start type on he phone as he talk -- jamie thanks , but I will be fine alone . dylan I know you will be fine alone . you be not a house plant . I be actually ask you to come because it would help I . you would be the perfect distraction for my family . they will forget all about drilling I for be single . jamie wo not they think we be together ? dylan not if I tell they we be not . jamie they will believe you ? dylan yeah , we be one of that crazy family that do not lie to each other . pbs be do a documentary on we . ( then ) come on , they will love you . ( more ) fwb - blue draft 7-14-10 85 ext . 110 freeway - later - day Dylan and Jamie sit in traffic . jamie ah , the wind in my face . California dream . dylan if you open you mouth you can actually taste fuel . she try it . jamie wow . you really can . it 's burn my throat . dylan pretty cool , huh ? 86 ext . mann' chinese on hollywood boulevard - day they drive past the fake superhero outside the theater . jamie do the pirate of the Caribbean have ... shrek horn ? she point to a man in a pirate 's costume with shrek horn . dylan that 's Captain Jake sparrow monster . jamie they costume seem a little ...off . dylan yeah , they will get sue otherwise . jamie oh , a smurf ! I love the smurf . she point to a fat guy dress in blue with a white hat . dylan no , I think that 's just a garbage man . the " smurf " empty a bag into a large garbage can . 86 85 86 fwb - blue draft 7-14-10 89 dylan ( they hug ) banannie ! ( then ) Jamie , this be my sister Annie . jamie thanks for have I . annie please . it 's nice to have Dylan bring a girl home . jamie I be just a friend . annie I know that . if you be a girlfriend he never would have bring you home . intimacy issue . Jamie laugh as Dylan 's dad approach . he 's a handsome , distinguished man in he early 60 . they hug . in the background Sam practice some sort of trick involve a rubber bird . dylan hey , dad . mr . harper Dylan . how be you , buddy ? dylan great . I miss you guy , but great . harper look at Jamie . mr . harper dede Spencer ? jamie no , I be Jamie . Dylan 's friend . mr . harper oh , sorry . you remind I of a girl I use to know . Nice to meet you . jamie you , too . this be a great house . mr . harper thanks . ( more ) fwb - blue draft 7- 14-10 90 * mr . harper ( cont 'd ( be : ocean ) sorry the pool 's a little cold . it 's really expensive to heat . ( wink , then ) I be gonna turn in . I want to get up early and take the boat out . you should come . annie ( gently ) we sell the boat , dad . Doctor do not want you drive the boat any more . mr . harper right . well , it 's better that I go into work tomorrow early anyway . annie ( gently ) dad , you be retire . mr . harper I know . I be kid . I be not all mush yet . ( to Jamie ) really nice to meet you . welcome . he walk away and we see he 's not wear any pants . just boxer . dylan what 's with the pants ? annie he do not like them anymore . ext . porch - later - night there 's a bonfire . Jamie and Annie be in they pajamas go through a photo album . the dog be at they foot . jamie Dylan do not tell I about you dad . annie it 's be tough on he . they be real close . Dylan do not quite know how to deal with the alzheimer . jamie I be sorry . +e of +e of * fwb - blue draft 7-14-10 91 annie it 's still early , but it 's sad . he 's he regular old self and everything seem fine and then in a flash , he 's go . that 's the hardest part . ( then , be : photo album ) that 's Dylan when he be nine . jamie oh my god ! be that cornrow ? annie he be go through a kris kross phase . remember they ? ( sing ) kris kross will make you jump jump ! jamie ( laugh , then ) be that you mom ? annie no , that 's Dylan 's speech therapist . he have a stutter . it be really bad when he get nervous . jamie whoa . he have a tough childhood . annie his math tutor call it " character - building . " jamie math tutor ? annie oh yeah . we be talk eight time six equal twelve-hundred . ( then ) but he 's very visual . thank god . jamie ( laugh , then ) where be you mom ? annie she 's not really in any of this . she divorced my dad about ten year ago . +e eh of 96 fwb - blue draft 7-14 -10 97 he stand and give up he seat for she . jamie thanks . SAM the magnificent coffee , my lady ? jamie yes , please . Sam make a fist with he hand and pour coffee into Jamie 's mug . it work perfectly . jamie ( cont 'd ) thank you ! she take a sip then gag a little . annie ( sotto ) it 's Coke Zero . not gonna hurt you . Jamie notice a piece of muffin hang on Dylan 's chin . she reach out and brushes it off . Annie exchange a " you see ? " look with she dad . Jamie lean into Dylan , whisper -- jamie you okay ? dylan yeah . you ? jamie ( smile ) yeah . something 's different with Jamie . do she really like he ? ext . beach - later - day they be all on the beach with the dog . Sam and Dylan be on jet skis on the water , talk . SAM the magnificent I like Jamie . dylan yeah , she 's cool . SAM the magnificent she 's pretty , too . 96 fwb - blue draft 7-14-10 98 dylan ( laugh ) easy , do not cast a spell on she . SAM the magnificent I be a magician , not a wizard . you and you " Harry Potter . " dylan you can not deny that go to hogwart would be amazing . SAM the magnificent no , you be right . that would rock . dylan so how be real school go ? SAM the magnificent okay . no one really get I . dylan you do not want to be get . that would just mean you be regular . SAM the magnificent I want to be regular sometimes . dylan who 's to say what regular be ? SAM the magnificent other kid , tv , the internet ... back on the beach Jamie look out and see Dylan talk to Sam . he really love he nephew . he wave to she . she wave back and smile . be she look at he differently ? do he notice this ? back on the water -- SAM the magnificent I miss you . Mom miss you . so do grandpa . dylan do he say anything ? SAM the magnificent no , but sometimes he call I Dylan . this hit Dylan like a punch in the stomach . 97 fwb - blue draft 7-14-10 99 * SAM the magnificent ( cont 'd ) ( then ) wanna see I fly ? it 's my new trick . dylan um ... Sam revs he jet ski full speed right at the beach . the sand stop he jet ski and he go fly over the handlebar onto the beach . they all rush over to Sam . Jamie kneel down . Annie exchange a " motherly instinct " look with she dad . Sam jump up . SAM the magnificent ta-da ! ext . dodger stadium - later - night 97 they be all watch a game with a view of the mountain . mr . harper come on , give them something to hit ! ( then ) they always pitch ethier outside . they be scared of he power . ( then , yell out ) what be you scared of ? Tommy lasorda stand up and turn back . tommy lasorda his power ! mr . harper exactly ! they be coward , Tommy ! tommy lasorda you say it , Jim ! might as well be wear dress ! ( then ) how you be ? retirement treat you right ? mr . harper I be bored out of my gourd ! tommy lasorda do what I do ? ( make the drink sign ) Mr. harper laugh as Tommy sit back down . tee fh hof +e of fwb - blue draft 7- 14 -10 100 jamie you dad know Tommy lasorda ? dylan yeah . and he 's much nicer than a - Rod . ( then ) they go way back from when he work at the LA Times . a play on the field . everyone cheer . Mr. harper lean into Dylan . mr . harper do you get she a engagement gift ? Dylan look to see if Jamie overhear this . she look down right before he make eye-contact . she hear it , but he do not know it . dylan dad , we be not engage . we be just friend . mr . harper I understand , you do not want to label it . but get she some jewelry . that 's the one thing you mother love . no matter how upset she get , if I get she some jewelry , she light right up . where be she anyway ? Dylan exchange a glance with Annie . Sam look up . dylan she 's not here , dad . mr . harper when 's she come ? dylan dad , Mom 's not come . mr . harper what ? why not ? Dylan and Annie exchange a look . he 's never talk about they mother before . annie she do not live with you any more . you be not marry . +e ff hof fwb - blue draft 7-14-10 101 mr . harper I just see she this morning . annie no , you have not see she in ten year . since she leave . mr . harper what ? dylan you be divorced , dad . mr . harper that 's ridiculous . I be go to go * call she . annie * no , dad . you can not . * mr . harper do not tell I what I can not do . he get up to leave , Dylan grab he shoulder . dylan dad -- he smack Dylan 's hand and turn to leave , trip over the rail as he do . Dylan , Annie , and some other people rush * to help he up . include Tommy lasorda . * tommy lasorda you okay , Jim ? mr . harper * I be fine ! he get up and walk off . everyone around be watch and * Dylan see the pity in they eye . Jamie see this . after a beat Sam stand . SAM the magnificent who want to see I disappear ? a big flourish and a bang ! a puff of smoke envelop he . it fade . he 's still there . SAM the magnificent ( cont 'd ) I be back ! Annie and Jamie look at Dylan . he 's rock . * 99 fwb - blue draft 7-14-10 ext . hollywood sign - later - day they be sit in the " 0 " of the sign , with they foot dangle . it 's gorgeous . jamie you have never do this before ? dylan I have also never transfer heroin in my rectum , ' cause it 's against the law . jamie you know , sometimes just a simple " yes " or " no " be adequate . Dylan seem a little distant . jamie why do not you tell I about you mom ? dylan she 's not worth talk about . jamie ooof . that 's tough . dylan it be what it be . she be the love of my dad 's life , leave he , pretty much destroy he , and now he 's sick . jamie you do not tell I about he either . that 's a lot of stuff you do not tell I . dylan I do not want you pity . I can handle everything except that look in people 's eye . jamie who care what anybody think ? dylan he be the smartest man I have ever know . the only person I go to for advice . he be my hero . 103 99 fwb - blue draft 7-14-10 104 jamie he 's still that man . dylan yeah , but when I see the way people look at he now ... jamie other people do not matter . it 's how you look at he . dylan but when he 's walk around without he pants , I do not know , everyone 's stare ... jamie who care ? he need to know you be still there for he and nothing 's change . that he 's still you hero . dylan can we stop talk about this ? jamie ( a little hurt ) sure . ( then ) be something go on here ? you seem weird . be this about what we do the other night ? dylan what would we do ? jamie you know ... dylan what , sex ? no . that do not mean anything . you know that . jamie ( ooof ) right . dylan and I be not be weird . jamie okay . just then a police helicopter zoom in from out of nowhere . fwb - blue draft 7-14- 10 police ( p.a. ) this be the lapd ! you be trespasp . get down from the sign . dylan I tell you . shit ! Jamie jump down from the sign . Dylan be freeze . police ( p.a. ) get down now ! jamie come on , Dylan ! jump ! he 's wrack with fear . dylan I be f-f-frozen . my leg will not m-m - move ! jamie get down , Dylan ! police ( p.a. ) Sir ! step down immediately ! dylan ( yell ) I h-h- have a f-f-fear of height and also of h-h-helicopter ! they do not make s-s-sense to I ! jamie you have a fear of height ?! why would we come up here ? dylan y-y-y- ou c-c-call I a p-p-pussy ! police ( p.a. ) get down ! dylan ( yell ) I - i- I c-c-ca not ! on a paralyze Dylan . 100 int . harper kitchen - later - day Dylan and Annie watch the news on tv as Dylan be the ground in a harness . 105 lower to 100 fwb - blue draft 7-14-10 106 he 's wear a tin foil heat blanket . the caption read : " rescue @ hollywood sign ! " Annie be laugh hysterically . she keep rewind it and watch it . Dylan grab the remote . annie no , I want to save it ! they get into a brother - sister slap fight . he turn it off . annie it 's okay . it will be up on YouTube . Dylan get up . Annie call after -- annie ( cont 'd ) hey , you be still good to take dad that week I go to DC for Sam 's class trip , right ? dylan yeah . of course . annie so when be we see Jamie again ? dylan ( annoyed ) I do not know . annie what 's you problem ? do you have a fight with you girlfriend ? dylan Annie , for the last time , we be not go out . why do not you believe I ? we be just friend . annie I see you creep out of she room last night . come on . dylan yeah , but that 's ... we be not together . int . live room - same - day 101 * Sam walk in with a see . * SAM the magnificent forget my wand . be right back . fwb - blue draft 7-14-10 107 he turn back . the camera pull down to the front of the magic see - a- girl - in - half box . Jamie 's head be peek out . she 's volunteer for Sam , but also , she can hear Annie and Dylan - - 102 int . live room - same - day 102 they walk in . the dog be curl up on the couch . annie Friends with benefit ?! be you french ? dylan anyway , that 's over . annie why ? dylan because we do not like each other like that . annie what more be you look for ? dylan who say I be look ? annie come on , Dylan . dylan I do not know . but it 's not Jamie . Jamie 's take it all in . annie why , ' cause you be great together ? " Cause you be actually friend with each other ? ' Cause you be the happiest I have ever see you ? dylan yes , that reason . I do not know what to tell you , Annie . she 's not for I . I do not like she like that . annie but you like she enough to have sex with she ? fwb - blue draft 7-14-10 108 dylan it be just physical . like play tennis . annie if it be just physical , it would have be a one time thing and then you would have never talk to each other again . trust I . dylan the fact that we keep have sex be proof that it do not mean anything . Annie smack he in the head . annie I do not think I have see you this dumb since you get that candy corn tattoo . dylan it 's a lightning bolt ! with extra power ! annie you can not name one thing wrong with Jamie . dylan I could never go out with she . ( search ) she 's too fuck up . she do not want a boyfriend she want someone to solve all she problem . annie sometimes the right person can solve all you problem . dylan well I can not . not with she . she 's too damage . Magnum pi could not solve the shit go on in she head . annie be it in she head or in you head ? Dylan head out of the room . annie ( cont 'd ) Dylan , I love you . ( more ) 103 fwb - blue draft 7-14-10 annie ( cont 'd ) 109 and I say this to you as a single mother of divorced parent who know almost nothing be ever perfect : she 's perfect . do not be a idiot . he pass Jamie - - she head stick out of the box , stunne . he do not see she . Annie walk out the other way . Jamie think for a beat , try to look around , and quietly get out of the box . as she walk away we see there be still a pair of foot stick out of the box . a chainsaw . Sam come back carry SAM the magnificent show start in ten minute . ext . harper kitchen - later - day Dylan , Annie , Mr. harper ( without pants ) , Sam , and the dog be eat . a car horn sound outside . with she bag . annie Jamie come out we be wait for you . we make salmon so I hope you be not pregnant . jamie I just get a call from work . they need I back tonight on the red-eye . Dylan get up . dylan really ? but tomorrow 's the fourth . jamie yeah , I know . it suck . dylan I will drive you . jamie no , I already call a cab . out front . Dylan look at she for a long beat . dylan you okay , buddy ? jamie it 's I be fine , buddy . I should go . ( more ) 103 104 105 105 a 106 fwb - blue draft 7-14-10 110 jamie ( cont 'd ) great meeting everyone . thanks for everything . mr . harper be you sure you do not want Dylan to drive you ? jamie ( smile ) I be sure . thank you . they all wave and ad-lib goodby . Jamie head out . Dylan watch she . Annie and Mr. harper stare at Dylan . something 's wrong . Dylan exit after she . ext . harper house - later - day Jamie get in the cab and close the door . Dylan come out as the cab pull away . the cab make a u-turn and Dylan wave at Jamie as she pass . she pretend not to see . omitted int . JFK airport arrival hallway - day Jamie walk down the arrival hallway . int . jamie' apartment - same - day Jamie enter she apartment , tired and sad . close on she face as she see ... lorna in a compromise position with a late - 20 man , aubrey . she 's wear a princess corset and he have a horse tail attach to he rear . lorna be hold a light sparkler . lorna Jamie ! jamie Mom ! AUBREY you say you be not marry , bro ! lorna I be not . they scramble for they clothes . jamie what be you do ? 104 105 105a * 106 * fwb - blue draft 7-14-10 111* lorna I be the princess and aubrey be my bad little pony . jamie who 's aubrey ? AUBREY I be . what 's up , baby ? chill ? jamie what happen to Victor the " lombard ? " lorna I meet aubrey at the airport . anything not to fly to Cleveland . no offense , aubrey . AUBREY I be not from Cleveland . lorna see ? Dumb as a stump . but so cute . ( proudly whisper ) he 's a pilot . AUBREY fedex . some people say it 's not glamorous , but I will tell you this , I have never have to land the plane in buffalo to throw off a unruly package . lorna sorry about the hampton . the traffic would have be miserable anyway . how be you weekend ? jamie great . until the end . lorna what happen , baby ? Jamie look at lorna . something happen . lorna ( cont 'd ) aubrey , can you give we a minute ? AUBREY I can give you each ten minute . a +e eh of fwb - blue draft 7-14-10 112 lorna go wait outside . lorna point to the fire escape . reluctantly , he go out the window . lorna what 's up ? jamie I do not know . nothing . I be pretty tired . I be gonna go to bed . lorna you sure ? she see aubrey admire he own reflection in the window . he attempt to take he tail off . jamie yeah . we follow she into she room . she get a text from Dylan : " get home ok ? " she turn off she phone . AUBREY ( o.s. ) ( neigh ) 106a int . JFK airport arrival hallway - next night - night Dylan walk down the arrival hallway . 107 int . JFK airport arrival baggage claim - next night - night Dylan come down the escalator amid a sea of people . he spot a woman hold up a sign and flower for a guy . they hug and he pick she up and twirl she around , the flower hit Dylan in the face . Dylan call Jamie . no answer . 108 int . gq office - next day - day Dylan be at he desk look at picture of he family and Jamie from the LA trip . Tommy bollinger pop in . tommy bollinger I be get something to eat . wanna come ? dylan thanks , I be gonna work through lunch . 106a * 107 * 108 fwb - blue draft 7-14-10 113 tommy bollinger I love it . a work ethic . that 's why this country 's still number one . after China . and Germany . thank god for Greece , huh ? ( head for the door ) why would you take the door off you office again ? dylan it be dumb . I read about it in some management book . tommy bollinger yeah , like that 's how Warren Buffet get rich . everybody want a shortcut in life . here 's my guidebook : how to lose weight ? stop eat . how to get money ? work you ass off . how to be happy ? get with someone you like and never let them go . this register with Dylan . Tommy do a pull - up on the door frame and kiss he biceps . tommy bollinger ( cont 'd ) yeah , that 's right . I get a right to bare arm . he exit . Dylan pick up he cell and call Jamie . no answer . 109 int . jamie' apartment - night - night 109 Jamie and lorna be play playstation " move . " lorna be hopping around like crazy , Jamie be subdued . jamie Mom , you gotta point it at the screen . it need to know where you be . lorna drop she controller . lorna well , tell it I be in the kitchen pour myself a drink . she cross off as Jamie 's cell ring again . Dylan . now with no picture . Jamie hit " ignore . " lorna see this . lorna ooh , booty call ? I can take a walk around the block if you want . fwb - blue draft 7-14-10 jamie ( startle ) how would you know I be up here ? dylan only place you do not get reception . she turn back to the city . dylan why be you avoid I ? jamie I be not . dylan come on , Jamie . jamie well , Dylan , I do not know if you have hear , but I be seriously fuck up . I mean , Magnum pi could not solve the shit go on up here . dylan ( realize ) oh my god . jamie yeah , so I be gonna go ahead and try to solve my own problem . if that 's even possible . dylan I should not have say that . I just want to get Annie off my back . she be convinced we like each other . jamie I , too . I think we be friend . but friend do not say stuff like that about each other . which must mean we be never really friend . you just want to get in my pants . dylan that 's bullshit , Jamie . jamie be it ? you even try at you dad 's house . 116 113 fwb - blue draft 7-14-10 dylan you crack you neck ! I think you be give I a sign . and anyway , you pull my robe off . jamie and then you snuck out in the middle of the night . dylan you be mad because I do not cuddle ?! be not this exactly why we start this arrangement ? you want this ! jamie you be just like every other guy . and the sad thing be , I think you be different . dylan I be different . I be not you boyfriend , I be you friend . jamie with friend like you , who need friend ? ( as she leave ) thanks for ruin my mountain top , by the way . asshole . she exit into the building . Dylan take a deep breath . security guard come from the other side of the roof . security guard hey , man . you can not be up here . dylan okay . he head for the exit , slowly . security guard you alright ? dylan yeah , just lose my breath a little . ext . new york CITY STREET - that night - night Jamie walk . she have tear in she eye . 117 a 113 * fwb - blue draft 7-14-10 118 114 ext . central park literary walk - another day - day 114 Dylan sit on a bench watch different type of man walk by , like he do with Jamie . he see one with he phone on he belt . the guy quickly pick it up , like a gunslinger . 115 int . jamie' office - another day - day 115 Jamie be at she computer . a gq.com ad pop up on the web . she close it . 116 int . dylan' apartment - another night - night 116 Dylan sit alone on he apartment watch the end of the romantic comedy they watch before . on screen as the couple ride off into the fake cgi sunset in the horse - and - carriage : romantic comedy actress be not New York beautiful ? romantic comedy actor not as beautiful as you . they kiss as they pass more palm tree . dylan come on , I can see the Hollywood sign . the mountain and the Hollywood sign be clearly visible in the background . Dylan shake he head . 117 int . gq office - day later - day 117 Dylan be work . a assistant enter with a big amazon box . assistant this come for you . dylan you sure it 's for I ? I do not order anything . assistant maybe it 's a gift . he open it . it 's full of orange paint chip like you get at the paint store . a note read : " the revolution begins with you . " 120a 120b 121 122 fwb - blue draft 7-14-10 ext . Jamie try to flag down a cab . no dice . she turn and start walk quickly down the street - pull she hair back . ext . jamie sorry , honey . I can not right now . I gotta go find somebody . chess girl a boy ? jamie well yeah , but not like that . it 's about work . I mean , it be like that but it 's not like that any more . although it 's gotta be more like that than just work ' cause I have never chase after anyone else like that -- chess girl do not care . do not understand . new york CITY STREET - later - day new york CITY STREET - moment later - day Jamie round a corner and run down the street . ext . Jamie run up and stop at a red light . new york CITY STREET - later - day cargo pants try to pay a vendor for a hot dog . cargo pant guy I know I get my money in one of this pocket . he empty out snack , water , drinkable yogurt , etc . take this in as the light turn . she head off . int . there 's a photo shoot set up . light , silk , photographer , photo studio - later - day model in robe , etc . Tommy bollinger be run it . tommy bollinger Sports be the last hope we have of bring we world together , bro . no one 's ever go to war over a game . but many war have be pause to watch one . she see a guy in 120 120a * 120b * 121 122 * fwb - blue draft 7-14-10 121 dylan I read you article . it 's great , Tommy . tommy bollinger thanks , man . much love . ( he man-hug Dylan ) I just want to shoot some photo that speak to that . the unification of all people through sport . the photographer pipe up -- photographer okay , guy . let 's go . five male model drop they robe . they be naked with incredibly rip body and be hold different sport item to cover they groin . a soccer ball , a cricket paddle , a football , etc . the photographer snap away . tommy bollinger really get all over each other . like you be unify . ( they intertwine ) that 's it . good . Dylan be a little shocked at the homoeroticism . tommy bollinger ( cont 'd ) too gay ? dylan Little bit . tommy bollinger throw a couple girl in there ! Three hot woman drop they robe and join they . they be also naked and cover themselves with basketball , jai alai racquet , etc . tommy bollinger thanks , bro . I queer out sometimes . they watch for a beat . then Jamie rush up and find Dylan . jamie Dylan . dylan what be you do here ? fwb - blue draft 7-14-10 122 jamie when be you gonna tell I you be leave ? dylan Tommy . this be Jamie . tommy bollinger Nice to meet you . oh my god , the baby you two could make . and you be gonna keep you figure , too . gonna carry low . ( to Dylan be : she breast ) have fun with they when she 's nursing , ' cause they be gonna get big and then get small real quick . dylan we be not together . tommy bollinger then that be a inappropriate series of comment and I apologize . he go off as Dylan usher Jamie to the side . jamie you meet with amazon ? you be gonna leave ? dylan I do not know . yeah , I take a meeting . jamie I can not believe you . dylan it 's a great opportunity . they be think of get rid of the shopping cart . jamie be this you way of get back at I ? dylan what ? jamie you know if you leave before a year be up I get screw . fwb - blue draft 7-14-10 123 dylan if I do leave -- which I do not know yet because all I do be take one meeting -- I would write you a check for you bonus . jamie oh . dylan whatever it be , I will pay it . happy now ? jamie why do not you tell I you be look ? dylan that 's personal . and we be not friend any more . you make that pretty fuck clear . Jamie just look at he . dylan ( cont 'd ) ( sarcastic ) all I want to do be have sex with you . that be my grand plan . pretend you be the best friend I would ever have , open up to you like I have do with no other person in my life , and then -- make my move . and then , when the sex stop , invite you out to LA for the weekend to ... dahn dahn dahn ... introduce you to my family . jamie you be leave out the part where you tell you sister I be damage beyond repair . dylan the fact that you be harping on it , kinda make I think you might be . jamie ( no blink ) fuck you . dylan I will send you a check if I take the job . 123 124 fwb - blue draft 7-14-10 124 jamie do not bother . she walk out , really upset . behind she Dylan watch she go . he 's just as upset . int . dylan' apartment - night - night 123 Dylan put he jacket away in the closet . he see the gift basket Jamie send he when he get the job and he read the card : " in case you shit the bed . excuse the expression . best , jamie . " he pick up he phone and dial . * intercut w:int . harper family house - same - night 124 * Annie 's on the phone . Sam 's in the background practice some sort of magic trick involve ring . annie hey , Dylan . dylan dad 's come into Newark , right ? annie yeah . he leave at nine we time . dylan it 's a five hour flight with a three hour time difference so he get in at ... thirty -two ? that can not be right . annie five . dylan right. ( then ) how 's dad ? annie he 's lose more often than not now . but then he have this moment of real clarity , it 's hit or miss . dylan ( deep breath ) okay . annie how 's Jamie ? 126 fwb - blue draft 7-14-10 lorna ( cont 'd ) it be you dad . the great man I ever meet . obviously , look at you . how smart you be . how great , how funny , how drive . sure as hell do not all come from I . ( Jamie laugh ) we all have we Prince charm . you just gotta know he when you see he . jamie it 's Prince charm , Mom . if I meet he would not I have know ? lorna you Prince charm be not come to rescue you in a horse - and -carriage . that 's not who you want . you be look for a Prince charm to be you partner , to take on the world with . you have gotta update you fairy tale . 126 lorna embrace she daughter . they share a really nice moment . lorna now , be that tall black guy over there as foxy as I think he be ? jamie that 's a lamppost . lorna answer the question . they laugh together . int . newark airport gate - the next day - day a airline official wheel Mr. harper off the plane . Dylan be there to greet he . his dad get up when he see he . mr . harper a wheelchair . like I be a invalid . dylan hey , dad . how're you do ? mr . harper I be hungry . they do not feed you in coach anymore . ( more ) 126 fwb - blue draft 7-14-10 127 mr . harper ( cont 'd ) you think with this new plane that practically fly themselves they could get rid of one pilot and use he salary for a hot lunch . dylan I know , right ? ( then ) do you check a bag ? mr . harper I do not . but I think you mother do . Dylan look at he dad . he 's lose . int . restaurant at newark airport - later - day 127 they be wait at the host podium . the restaurant be full . dylan ( then , to hostess ) Excuse I , we have be wait a while -- hostess so have everybody else . I have to seat people in the order they come . dylan I understand but my father 's not in the best shape . be there any way -- hostess sorry . the hostess turn and walk off . Dylan turn and he dad be go . Dylan look around . dylan dad ? he look out into the terminal , but he 's not there . he move into the pack restaurant . dylan dad ? dad ? he can not find he . he scurries through try to find he . some people clear in front of he and he freeze . his dad stand at a empty table and ... unbuckle he pants and drop they to the ground . he neatly fold he pants and sit . everyone in the restaurant turn and look . Dylan go over . +e of * fwb - blue draft 7-14-10 128 dylan dad . mr . harper be you gonna join I ? Dylan look around at everyone 's eye full of pity . he think about what Jamie tell he . then he look back at he dad and smile he most admire smile -- dylan absolutely . then he unzip he pants , kick they off , fold they , and put they next to he dad 's . he sit across from he dad . the hostess hurry up -- hostess Excuse I , you can not -- mr . harper I will have a steak please . medium . dylan make that two . anda scotch . dad , you want a scotch ? mr . harper on the rock . thanks . Mr. harper look at Dylan . a real connection . a smile even . everyone around they be look at they , but neither Dylan nor he dad could give a damn . dissolve to : later . they be mid-meal . a attractive woman stop nearby to look through she travel bag . Mr. harper notice she . mr . harper ( lose for a moment ) dede ? the woman zip she bag and continue onward . Mr. harper catch himself , slightly embarrassed . dylan ( gently ) dad ? who be dede ? mr . harper she be a girl I know in the navy . ( more ) fwb - blue draft 7-14-10 129 * mr . harper ( cont'd we be on a ship together . she be the love of my life . and I be too stupid to see it . I lose she because of something so dumb I can not even remember . dylan you never mention she before the other day . mr . harper because I have you and Annie I have absolutely no regret . but I do not know if I ever really get over dede . that might be part of the reason you mother leave . dylan what ? mr . harper my friend use to say the way dede and I look at each other be electric . and I just let she go . I be too proud to let she know how I really feel . Dylan take this in . mr . harper that 's one thing this be teach I -- which I wish I know back then . life be so goddamn short . and you can not waste a minute of it . Dylan put two and two together . dylan I should go see someone . mr . harper do you want head into city ? dylan yeah , but finish you meal . mr . harper we be eat at a goddamn airport . I can let the steak go . they both get up and start put they pants on . +e of * +e eh of 128 129 130 fwb - blue draft 7-14 -10 130 * omitted ext . newark airport terminal - later - day bumper to bumper traffic . Dylan be antsy as he finger he phone . the picture of he and Jamie pop up on the screensaver . Mr. harper notice it . mr . harper that 's the girl you bring home , right ? Jamie ? dylan yeah . she 's great . I would even say electric . they smile at one another . mr . harper this traffic be terrible . be there another way into the city ? on Dylan . ext . hudson river / ext . tommy bollinger be boat - later - day Dylan , Mr. harper , and Tommy bollinger ( in a tuxedo ) speed across the Hudson river towards Manhattan . Mr. harper be in the bow with a big smile on he face . dylan I owe you big time , Tommy . tommy bollinger no worry , man . I be head into the city anyway . tonight 's the Butterfly Ball . best place to pick up dude . it 's like flame to a moth . dylan you okay , dad ? mr . harper be you kid ? I be great . he 's never be happier . Dylan dial a number on he cell . dylan hey , it 's Dylan harper from gq . I need a huge favor ... 128* 129 * 130 * fwb - blue draft 7-14-10 131* 130a ext . new york STREET ( near ts ) - later - day 130a * Dylan and Mr. harper walk . Dylan make a call . * dylan hi , this be Dylan harper . we meet * once with ... right . can I ask you * a favor ? Mr. harper turn off and accidentally knock into someone . * it 's Alex rodriguez . alex rodriguez * pardon I , sir . my fault . I must * have be in you way . be you okay ? mr. harper * yes , thank you . * ( recognize he ) * I be a big fan of the way you play * the game , Mr. jeter . alex rodriguez * actually , I be Alex rodriguez . derek 's * my teammate . * mr. harper * oh. I be sorry . * alex rodriguez * it 's okay . we look alike . especially * in pinstripe . can I help you find * where you be go ? * Dylan have not be pay attention because he 's be on the * phone . he notice he dad be not next to he and quickly turn back ... and bump into Alex rodriguez . alex rodriguez ( cont 'd ) you ! be you kid I ? if I be not * in public right now I would rip you * face off and feed it to you ass . dylan * what 's you problem with I ? * alex rodriguez * well first off , you dress weird and * a little gay but you get away with * it somehow which really piss I * off . but most important , I see you * with Jamie . how could such a awesome * x girl be with -- ( more ) 131 132 132a fwb - blue draft 7-14-10 alex rodriguez ( cont 'd ) ( be : Dylan ) this over -- ( be : himself ) this . dylan I will tell she you say hello . Big moment for Dylan . a- Rod lunge at he and Dylan hide behind he dad . int . dylan' apartment - that night - night Dylan 's dad be settling in on the couch in front of the tv . dylan you sure you be go to be okay ? mr . harper I will be fine . dylan my number 's right here . there 's food in the fridge . here 's the remote . Mr. harper pick up a copy of the latest gq . mr. harper how do you wear white pants to a cookout ? he turn to the article as Dylan watch . mr . harper ( cont 'd ) go. say hi to she for I . Dylan nod and leave . int . grand central station - later - night Jamie walk through the crowd of people on the phone . jamie where be you ? I be in the middle by the clock . intercut with : int . jamie' apartment - same - night lorna be on the couch on the phone . +e of 131 132 132a * fwb - blue draft 7-14-10 lorna I be right by the guy in the tie . jamie what ? there be a million guy in tie . lorna so look for the guy I be stand next to . jamie Mom ! you be always late . it drive I crazy ! lorna just hang on . jamie you never do what you say you be go to do . when be I go to learn ? lorna baby , come on -- 133* just then kriss kross 's " jump " start to blast from the PA system . Jamie look around and watch as ... a flashmob break out . all the people in the station start jump up and down in place . Jamie look around confuse . lorna hear this over the phone and smile . lorna ( cont 'd ) you know , I do not think I be gonna be able to meet you after all . something come up . jamie what ? lorna yeah . but let 's meet tomorrow . I will be on the balcony . Jamie look up at the balcony . and there stand ... jamie oh my god . lorna have a great night , honey . Dylan . * +e of a +e of +e of fwb - blue draft 7-14-10 134 * lorna hang up . and in walk in a tall , great - look black man . he sidle up to lorna and give she a kiss . lorna and my daughter say you be a lamp post . they start make out as we go back to Grand Central . Jamie watch as the flashmob transition into semisonic 's " close time . " he make he way down the stair and dance with a section of the mob . Jamie try hard not too laugh , but he 's too irresistibly cute . she can not help but smile . they yell over the music and the distance -- jamie what be this ? dylan " close time " by semisonic . it 's Super awesome . and the song I use to sing when I go -- jamie not the song . this . dylan you want you life to be like a movie . sorry I have to do it in the real Grand Central Station and not a fake one . they watch the entire lobby dance . it 's amazing . jamie my mom be in on this ? dylan under MILF in my phone , remember ? ( then ) I be really sorry , Jamie . not just because you hear what I say to Annie , but that I say it at all . jamie I be have trouble hearing you . dylan yeah , I do not really think this through . I guess in the movie the guy pour he heart out and then they put in the music later . +e of fwb - blue draft 7-14-10 jamie what ? Dylan make he way to Jamie , avoid the dancer as he do . he take Jamie up the stair where it 's a little quieter . dylan I never feel about a girl the way I feel about you . and I be scared that if we get together something would mess that up . like what happen with my dad and mom . so I do what I do best : I run . jamie when do you start feel this way ? when we start have sex ? dylan Way before . when we become friend . I can live without ever have sex with you again if I have to , but I can not live without my best friend . trust I , I would not be easy , but ... Jamie , I want my best friend back . Jamie start to tear up . dylan ( cont 'd ) everything that happen during the day , all I can think be " I can not wait to tell Jamie about this . " when I see someone curse all I can picture be you blink . and when I hear a little kid have be cure of cancer , I pray it be not by that douchebag doctor who run out on you . jamie that last one be a little weird . dylan I know . I mean , I be glad they be cure , curing cancer 's awesome , I just wish someone else do it . I miss you . jamie it be not bullshit by the way . I be damage . 135 fwb - blue draft 7-14-10 136 dylan we both be . that 's what make we so awesome . and we tattoo . jamie and I do want someone to solve all my problem . dylan here I be . Dylan get down on one knee . jamie what be you do ? get up . dylan Jamie , will you be my best friend again ? jamie ( laugh , through tear that be super queer . dylan oh , I know . jamie under one condition . dylan anything . jamie you kiss I . he get up . dylan whoa . that 's what get we into this mess in the first place . jamie no. start at sex be what get we into this . I want to start with a kiss . dylan I can do that . he kiss she . she kiss back . the best , most romantic , most passionate kiss they have ever have . the music end . 133 fwb - blue draft 7-14-10 137 * dylan ( cont 'd ) you can all go home now ! the flashmob immediately dissipate . there 's a eerie silence to Grand Central Station . Dylan wrap he arm around Jamie as they head to the door . jamie what do we do now ? dylan have we first date . jamie cool . ( then ) I have a ten date rule you know . dylan it 's ten now ? wow . jamie I have be burn before . ( then ) maybe seven . I will give you time off for good behavior . dylan so if we go out four time a week for three week , we should be good in ... twenty - seven year ? that 's not right . jamie no , it 's not . she grab he hand and they go down the staircase , with Dylan " scoring " they every step . Jamie be smitten and play along with some stop and start , Dylan " scoring " the whole way , which segues into real score as they head outside . ext . grand central station - same - night they emerge and come across a horse - and -carriage . jamie aw , Dylan . she start to get in . Dylan hold she back . dylan um , that 's not for you . 133 +e eh of fwb - blue draft 7-14-10 138 jamie thank god . horse actually scare the shit out of I . a tourist couple get in the carriage and it ride off . they head across the street to the restaurant . dylan so , where be you from ? jamie outside of Philadelphia . dylan interesting . they enter the restaurant . we stay outside and watch through the window as they start they first date . the entire credit roll as they sit across from each other and ad-lib they first date , talk , laugh , and get to know each other -- even better . after four minute of credit , we fade out then we fade in to see they have sex on the table in the middle of the restaurant . slam to black : +e of