property of : producer : director : March 28 , 1991 2 fried GREEN tomatoes at the whistle stop cafe screenplay by : fannie flagg jon avnet this draft by jon avnet base on the novel by fannie flagg act III production jon avnet & jordan kerner jon avnet fgt ja March 19 , 1991 1 ext . whistle stop cafe ~ present ° wood building alongside abandon railroad track . across the front of one building , very tade , a sign - the whistle stop Cafe . it be cover with advertising sign , some cardboard , some tin , advertising everything possible to be buy or see from the li3is to the 19608 . aa rusted awning hang off opal 's beauty shop next door . distantly , the whistle of a approach train . 2 begin MAIN title flower weed grow profusely between the tie . the rail be rusted , the tie rotten , askew . the clatter of a train approach . the whistle , closer , the clatter of wheel , louder . 3 - tight on track - as the ghost train fly by , the wiha sweep aside , the stean from the engine billow down the right - of - way , the clatter be deafen . alarm by the sound , the goat bolt , a flock of bird fly out of the tree near the station . but , there be no train , just a brown Ford lot drive across the barren track . 4 int . car - Day - tight on : evelyn couch . she be a woman in she early 40' , nervous and slightly overweight . she hold a bouquet of flower . hear a train whistle , she turn around and look over she right shoulder at the track . ed couch , she husband , have hear nothing . . 's evelyn do you hear that ? ed what ? , evelyn ( not sure she 's hear anything ) nothing , I guess . the wind blow , but nothing be in sight . Evelyn look at a map . ed ( look out at a sign that say whistle stop ) where be whistle stop on the map ? evelyn it can not find it . fgt ja March 19 , 1991 back she smile politely . he reach for the map . you have get a direction , =d negative sense of Ed get out of the car with the map and try to of himself . Evelyn muse to herself , you nre right find you . rient evelyn Ed . that must be how I 5 ext . rose hill nursing home - pay a sterile one story cement blo area of Birmingham , a handful brown lot pull in . Ed and ev front door in silence . evely n ck building in a semi-comm of car in the park . elyn get . carry the flower in the door , and Evelyn follow . 6 int . front hall - day Evelyn and Ed move through the Old people as they go down the janeen , a nurse . she be pushi : the hall . he be laugh and and wear thick glass . ( grab he hana ing lo ed neve you tell I to go right ten nile ercial t . the out and head for the walk lobby . we hear the sound of hall . come toward then be no a old man , mr . dunaway , down grab at woman as janeen stop that , Mr. dunaway ! mr . dunaway you have such soft skin . she smile and gently remove he hand when and ed. you aunt be for you , Mr. janeen like a child ) all dress and wait couch . be careful , she 's a little cranky this Morning . she bit my arn . evelyn ( under she breath ) oh , Lord . Evelyn and Ed enter a room . there be some racket and Evelyn hurry out of the a hairbrush fly past she hea prepare for a second attempt , room just as a obje + she duck , then when : from with ct re sigh she notice Evelyn ithin , emble and fgt ja March 19 , 1991 ed why do not you wait outside ? evelyn if you think it 's best .... have a nice day , aunt vesta . end title 7 int . sunroom ~ day Evelyn walk inte a back visitor 's lounge that be empty except for one old lady in a fade sweater with a Christmas corsage who be at a card table work a '' last Supper " jigsaw puzzle . Evelyn , unhappy , sit down and take a candy bar out of she purse . just as she be about to take the first bite the ola woman speak . ninny do you know they take my gallbladder out ? ( startle ) uh , no , I do not , ninny yep , it 's still over at the hospital , sit in a jar . I guess that 's where they keep an , evelyn ( still try to eat ) I guess . ninny when I be in the hospital , the nurse have just give I one of that fleet enema they be so fond of , when I notice this medical chart next to my bed that say ninny threadgoode , eighty - two year old . ( shaking she head ) ot a eighty two year old widow , imagine that . have you ever have one of that enema ? evelyn well , no . . ninny you would remember it . my friend , Mrs. otis and I be from whistle stop . she 's live down the street from I for the past thirty year or so . ninny after she son die , she daughter - ~ in - .ay have a fit tor she to cone and live at come with she and be she roommate . Mrs. otis do not know it , but Im go back home just as soon as she get settle in sood and then 1 reckon I will visit she every day . do the name idgie threadgoode ting a bell ? evelyn no , I do not think so , Evelyn smile politely ang stand up , ninny you would remember she . you see , I be practically adopt by the threadgoode family --r7 married cleo , she brother . she and she friend Ruth run the whistle stop Cafe , tdgie be a character al } ninny sit down ang relax a spell , sugar . I will tell you all about it ... let see , I renenber the day they pull that truck up out of the river , dissolve into the past . be pull out of the river , it be rusted and wear , tight on a Georgia license plate . a sheriftf 's car roll to a halt and out walk grady kilgore , a large tuddy face man . he stare at the license plate and confer with he deputy . he be not happy . 9 int . whistle stop cafe ~ pay Music ig play on a radio . the cafe be full of people laugh ang have a good time . over the cash register be a ratty deer head decorate with a railroad calender hang tron its neck tread October 1938 . < Ip gre threadgoode -~-a slender , good-look woman in she 20' with sparkle eye and short blonde hair ig busy play poker . RUTH , a beautitul young woman with she long dark hair tie back with a ribbon be watch idgie carefully , tdgie deal to all but herselr . idgie ( snile ) any bet ? fgt ja March 19 , 1991 ( no taker ) why do not you some hunt with we this weekend , Ruth ? RUTH what and have you hangover on Monday morning ? no thanks . idgie look like mine again . RUTH one second . you say a full house beat a flush ? and and a straight be : yep . now you I do not take a flush beat a straight ? at a three of a kind ? idgie in or out ? any card , remember Ruth , rute look at I idgie threadgoode . let I see you face . grady walk in . you be bluff again . idgie pay to see . Ruth ante up . ° grady idgie , I have get to talk to you ... in private . idgie ah grady , why do not you sit in and r/11 deal you a new han gladys will not mind . before idgie can undo the current hand , Ruth turn over idgie 's hand revealing nothing , not even deuce . Ruth reveal a pair of ace and then smile contentedly . I be just tryin for any trick idgie ig to teach you not to fall RUTH you be do a great job . idgie smile and leave with gr: 10 ext . cafe - day a small green and white buildin say " the whistle stop Cafe " . together and move away from the ady who tip he hat to Ruth . ig with a white awning and a sign idgie and grady walk out cafe in silence . fgt ja March 19 , 1991 the only sound be a large Black man in he forty , big GEORGE , chopping wood . idgie 's es that this be serious . big GEORGE good morning , grady . grady good morning , Big George . in the background be the town of whistle stop , eight building and the railroad track . it 's bustling . grady stop at a secluded area by the track . idgie what 's up ? . grady ( with great @ifficulty ) aw ... somebody find Frank bennett 's truck in the river and that goddamn stupid deputy of mine send it over the wire before I even get out there . goddamn it !! idgie what 's gonna happen now ?... grady ( sit ) well , officially you and Big George be under arrest for nurder .. + you be in amy custody until tomorrow . I tell they I have bring you over to Georgia first thing in the morning ...z figure that ought to give you enough time ... idgie ( puzzle ) for what ? grady ( look off into the distance ) well , some people have be know to pack up and sneak right out of town in the middle of the night . idgie what about Big George ? grady the way I figure it , if they get Big George , they have be satisfied . this be serious , we be talk murder of a white man and somebody 's gonna have to pay , but nobody want to hang a woman . fgt ja March 19 , 1991 idgie but it suit they fine to stretch some rope around Big George 's neck . I can not let they do that , grady . grady now I know how you feel about Big George - - hell , we all do , but that 's just the fact of life . idgie ( after a while ) ++ I can not do that . idgie watch Big George work in the distance . grady nod as idgie walk over and whisper to Big George and then look over at Ruth who be watch from the cafe window . 11 int . sunroom - same day < present ninny so idgie threadgoode and Big George go to jail for the murder of Frank bennett , but that 's a long story . evelyn it sound that way . Evelyn go into she purse and bring out two more candy bar and offer ninny one . evelyn would you like one ? ninny oh , thank you honey . pid they take you gallbladder out too ? evelyn no . Evelyn stand to leave , she purse fall and she make a gallant gesture to catch it , but succeed only in knock the jigsaw puzzle down to the floor . evelyn I be so sorry . she start to pick up the piece . ninny oh , do not worry about that , honey . I enjoy a visit more than a puzzle . ( reach in she pocket and pull out a deck of card ) wanna play some five card draw , some stud ? fgt ja March 19 , 1991 evelyn I do not play . Evelyn be kneel , hold . the piece of the uzzle and to put it back together p and try ninny | I hate solitaire and that 's all they play around here ... idgie , you 's 's have a mind of she own . I guess in order to understand she , you would have to start way back with she brother buddy . idgie be buddy 's pet from the day she be bear . 12 ext . threadgoode house - day = 1917 a big white house with a porch . aa handsome teenager , buddy threadgoode , run into the house , sport formal wedding attire , but carry he coat , with he shirt tail hang out . julian ( 0.s. ) come on , buddy . mama want you inside . 13 int . threadgoode house - day ninny ( v.0 . ) I remember the day we be all get ready for the wedding . the war have just end . the great one , you know . mama threadgoode a sweat-look woman , examine papa threadgoode 's suit . he sport a large handlebar mustache . sipsey , the black housekeeper , start adjust papa 's sleeve . sipsey 's son , Big George , be on a ladder hang wedding decoration . leona , the beautiful bride to be of 18 , be be attend to by she sister . julian , who be wear a highly starch suit , be lead he brother in roughhouse . mama look over she brood and see leona wait to speak she piece . mama what ig - it leona ? ' . leona tdgie 's upstairs in she room and she say she will not come out as long as she life . ( wail ) oh ... she 's gonna ruin my wedding , mama . mama no she 's not , precious . papa ( proudly ) why leona , you be go to be the most beautiful bride in the entire state of Alabama -- just wait and see . fgt ja March 19 , 1991 mama go to the bottom of the stair . buddy show up , wind . ' mama imogene Louise threadgoode . this be you mother . you come down here right this minute . do you hear 's I ? buddy , you go fetch she , she 'il listen to you . all of a sudden , idgie appear at the top of the stair , where she stand as regally as she can . all eye focus on she .. a huge bow be wrap around she head and tie very badly . her dress be starch painfully stiff . the short skirt flare out over many petticoat revealing idgie 's thin leg and skinned knee . she have on white anklet and shiny black baby doll shoe which be new and too tight . ( sweetly ) come on down , honey . let 's see you . idgie look at buddy who nod encouragingly . she start down the stair , hold she skirt down delicately as sh survey she family . a snicker escape Julian as he hum , " I see London , I see France etc . " buddy shoot he a look and idgie freeze . Julian .. hush now . ( to idgie ) come ahead , sweetheart . idgie reach the bottom of the stair . we see she elbow and leg be skinned . leona be horrify at the sight . leona mama !!! . buddy you look just fine , idgie . : julian she look like a monkey . idgie run at the mock Julian and jump hin , rip she dress in the process . buddy pull she off and she run out of the house stripping as she go . buddy ( the Julian ) t’1l get you back , boy . 14 ext . threadgoode yard idgie be up the tree in she underwear , sulk . buddy climb up the tree with the comfort and confidence of acat . he sit next to she . idgie be clearly upset . there 's a long beat as buddy contemplate he sister 's predicament . fgt ja March 19 , 1991 10 buddy / look like you get yourself up a tree , _ Little bit . i idgie they ever make you wear a bow in you ' hair , buddy ? ' buddy not yet . idgie , you be suppose to wrap it around till it hurt and stick pin into you brain . buddy ouch . | : idgie - I be sick of people make fun of not . | buddy so you be gonna stay put in this tree . | idgie yep . the hell with they . who want to - | wear that stupid old dress anyway ? ) after a moment , we see she be not as tough as she pretend . om , buddy . you wanna be like leona ? idgie | nope . buddy } you wanna be like Essie rue ? idgie , nope. buddy t besides , you could not if you try . . you be special . do I ever tell you about the oyster ? '' idgie the oyster ? no ... | buddy well , think about all the million of oyster just lie around on the bottom i of the ocean , do nothing . just ~~ lay there . then one day , God look around and he see one and he say " TI think I be gonna make that one different . " and you know what he do -- fgt ja March 19 , 1991 buddy ( cont ’d ) he put a little piece of sand in it . now guess what it can do the other can not ? idgie what ? buddy it ca.mike a beautiful Pearl ! so you should never feel bad about be different , because you be one of the lucky one that get pick . idgie do you think God make mistake ? buddy the way I figure it , he never make mistake . he make sure we get together . he make sure that you get the best look most charming brother in the world ... who 's gonna beat you to ' the chocolate cake . buddy jump down from the tree laugh and idgie follow . idgie you will not . buddy i_got you out of the tree , now do not 1 ? idgie do not . she jump on buddy , who growl at she with monster noise . idgie shriek with delight and run or to the house . buddy smile , pick up she shoe , slap the sole together and lope after he sister . : 15 int . church - day the camera track slowly past the assemble family , revealing one by one the threadgoodes dress in they finest , include Julian who have a black eye . : finally , . the camera find empty Space and slowly drop down revealing idgie dress in a green velvet pants suit , with a green velvet tie , a smile plaster on she face . rev . scroggins {at the altar ) do you , Charles osgoode justice , take leona chapman threadgoode to be you lawful wedd wife ? sne I male loy 499 ) 12 as the ceremony continue , mama dab at she eye while idgie take a small break mirror and flash a brilliant reflection on reverend scroggin 's face . then idgie turn the mirror which flash on the cheek of a young and beautiful Ruth jameson . Ruth feel the light and turn in its direction and she see buddy threadgocde who eye she with love and admiration . mana , without take she eye off the altar , take hold of idgie 's arm and try to keep she from further nischiet . 16 ext . threadgoode yard ' fhe whole town be there and everyone be congratulate papa . mama be busy supervise the Party . sipsey and Big George be load the table which have be set up with food and iced tea . buddy with idgie riding on he shoulder come through the crowd . all the young girl look at he and smile and giggle . buddy . now do not you look beautiful today , lily . idgie yes lily , you look beautiful today . lily just blushes wildly . ninny ( v.0 . ) I do not think there be ever a sweeter boy than buddy threadgoode . ( clear she throat ) he be a terrible flirt , but he heart belong to Ruth jameson . she be a @istant cousin of mama 's and have come all the way from valdosta , Georgia that summer to teach at the Church School . I remember how pretty she look that day . idgie climb down off of buddy 's back and point out RUTH jameson , early twenty , strike , with long brown hair . she be serve some punch . buddy Ruth jameson , you be just the one I have be look for . he take she hand and begin to pull she away gently . RUTH ( pull she hand away ) not in public . scroggin give buddy a dirty look . idgie look at scroggin like he 's nut . buddy just smile at the reverend and slip he arm around Ruth 's waist and start to lead she away . buddy let 's find some place else to visit . SE ee RUTH buday , I can not leave , I be serve , buddy oh it 's much too loud . come on . Rev. scroggin be talk to a group of woman when idgie walk by he ang idgie whatever you do , do not think about then with no clothes on , 17 '' soext . railroad track = late afternoon the sound of @ train in distance , tdgie be follow Ruth who be follow buddy , who be walk backwards on the track talk . tdgie finish every second sentence for she brother and he snile , unruffled by she enthusiasn buddy ( point at field ) see that ? year ago that use to be a nice little lake . Wed swim in it and fish . TI sure do miss it , I sure do . RUTH what happen to it ? pie it ary up ? buddy worse than that . last fall a big flock of duck ... oh about forty or titty , land right smack in the middle of that lake and while they be sit there , a fluke thing happen -- the temperature drop so fast the whole lake froze , in three second -— just at . buddy , full o¢ adolescent excitement , snap he finger . RUTH ( sympathetically ) oh no , that poor littie duck . dia it kill then ? ud nav ... they fly off , and take the lake with they , why to this very day -- that lake 's somewhere over in Georgia , idgie be delighted with the story . she sit down to tie she shoe . Ruth try to hit buddy for fool she . fgt ja March 19 , 1991 17a ext . bushes - day 14 buddy kiase Ruth passionately . she reciprocate . her hat fall off . idgie look at they from a distance , shake she head disparagingly and look away . 17b ext . train track - later - idgie swing over the track on a rope that dangle from a nearby branch . Ruth hesitates and the 8uddy hold she and swing with she . she love it . her hat rall off again . RUTH oh , no ! buddy kiss she and swing off after the hat . the train appear behind he at the turn , approach as the hat skin across the track , and slide under the rail , the ribbon tangling in the splintery tie . buddy start for the hat clown as the girl watch he from the distance . he grab it , but get he foot catch between two converge steel rail . the train blow its warning whistle . tdgie yell for buddy as he grab he foot and try to un - pry it . to idgie and Ruth it still look as if he 's clowning in the dusty windy distance . buddy tug and slip and he smile at Ruth and idgie as we hear the brake be apply . the screech of metal on metal . buddy just about have he shoe - untied when he pull free and stumble on the gravel mound that hold the railroad tie . idgie be jolted with fear and run to buddy yell for he to get up . 18 ext . threadgoode yard shot of mama as we hear a frantic train whistle , and a train screech to a halt , and a screan . . tight on mama 's eye with terror in then . she clutches sipsey 's arn . mama oh God ... not one of my baby .. - please God ! wide angle of everyone in yard drop everything and run toward the accident . 19 ext . railroad track a group have gather around buddy 's break bedy . on the outskirt of the crowd , Julian be desperately try to pull a hysterical idgie away . Ruth be cry by the side of the track but she try to hug idgie , who push she brusquely away . idgie ( struggle ) let I go ! let I go ! fgt ja March 19 , 1992 1s RUTH idgie ... idgie you ... you ... necoco !!! idgie start blindly to hit Ruth as if to beat away the truth . Ruth try to hold idgie but she break away and run call : idgie buddy , buddy !! long shot as she push she way through the crowd . we hear she heartbreaking scream of pain as she reach buddy . she screan he name as if try to bring he back to life ... idgie buddy !!!! 20 ext . cemetery ~ day the threadgoode family be assemble . Ruth be in black and clearly distraught . Rev. scroggin be speak at the funeral service . ninny ( v.0 . ) oh , it like to have kill we all but the one who take it the hardest be idgie . we think she would die right along with he . : Ruth look over at idgie who stare at she with naked contempt . idgie bolt from the funeral group and run off across the countryside . the reverend pause as mama and papa exchange look . sipsey take she hand from Big George 's arm . he nod and head after idgie 's diminish figure . 21 ext . wood - day idgie run through the wood , the twig and brush lash she tender skin . : 22 ext . river - night darkness , virtual silence . the river the only constant sound except for the occasional lonely hoot of a owl . silhouettes be the only visible shape as the camera search for life and find first a fire and then the hunch shape of Big George nearby . he get up carry a blanket and head toward the diminutive figure of idgie shiver by the river . he drape the blanket over she shoulder . she nod a thanks to he and he go to sit by the fire . the blanket fall off of idgie 's shoulder , and she do not notice . Big George get up to repeat the gesture as the distant wail of a train echoe through the night . fgt ja March 28 , 1991 16 ninny ( v.0 . ) night after night , - she stay by the river . Big George be the only soul she have let near she and he watch over she night and @ay . you know a heart can be break , but it still keep on beat just the same . 23 int . sunroom - day ~- present tight on Evelyn , who be catch up in the story in spite of herself . the jigsaw piece be now pile neatly on the table . evelyn that 's so sad . ed Evelyn ! Evelyn ! Evelyn look up and see Ed stand in the doorway . she try to hide she candy wrapper . . ed let 's go . the brave game be go to start soon and you 'il miss you thing . evelyn Excuse I , that 's my husband , Ed . he 's ready to leave . ( beat ) I can not believe buddy die . ninny neither could i. . . oh ... well , I have enjoy talk to you , sugar . what 's you name ? evelyn Evelyn . Evelyn couch . I have get to go . ninny well , Evelyn you come back and see not , y‘hear ? Evelyn , scurrying after Ed , call back . evelyn okay . . 24 ext . rose hill nursing home - day Evelyn and Ed exit the rursing home . Evelyn be reflect on ninny 's story . fgt ja March 19 , 1991 25 int . church classroom - night on the blackboard " romance ! Magic ! woman in the class , middle - age to ol or a tape recorder , include Evelyn . nicely dress , be pace across the intensely commit . nurture ! " there be ten der , each with a notebook a young woman teacher , front of the class , teacher it be up to you to put romance pack into you relationship . dedicate yourself to find in marriage . when romance , what 's the enter you mind ? - a woman in she late thirty , missy , the teacher drone on . way to find magic you think about first think that lean over to Evelyn as missy divorce . remember when marriage counselor use to tell you to wrap yourself in saran wrap to put a little charge into you marriage ? do we really pay for this lecture ? " missy look heavenward . Evelyn have a she smile . faraway look in she eye . 26 int . couch house - late afternoon candle be light on the dinner table . Fresh flower be in a vase . and five empty box of saran wrap be rest on a chair as a sixth box join its ilk . a doorbell ring . Evelyn open the door ever so slightly , with anticipation write all over she face . Ed see she and he jaw drop . she be wear only saran wrap . Ed look around to see if any of he neighbor be watch and shove she house . quickly back into the ed good God , Evelyn , have you go insane ? people be go to see you . what if I would be the paper boy ? 27 int . church classroom same night Evelyn be daydream away as the class start empty out . the lecture be finish . missy Evelyn , Evelyn . ( Evelyn come out of she reverie ) what we really need instead of this baloney be a assertiveness training class for southern woman , but that 's a contradiction in term , be not it ? ( Evelyn smil and nod ) especially you , sweetheart . fgt ja March 19 , 1991 li 28 ext . couch house - later that day a undistinguished tract house . the brown lot pull into the griveway , Ed get out with he briefcase , head for the door . there be child in yard , woman with grocery talk to each other , man with hedge clipper . £a open the door . 29 int . couch home -day Evelyn have set the tube nicely , with fresh flower , light candle and have a multi-course meal on the table wait , only she 's not dress in saran wrap , but in a nice outfit . she have make a real effort . Ed drop he briefcase , grab he plate and head soeene television set and turn on the ball game . Evelyn be deflate . evelyn why do not you sit at the table and have dinner with not ? : ed sorry honey , the game 's almost over . why be you so dress up ? evelyn Ed ... if I answer the door wear only saran wrap , would you still be watch the baseball game ? ed no , I have be check you into a looney bin . Evelyn reflect on he response and then begin to eat . 30 ext . rose hill nursing home ~ day Close on a box of donut . a hand pulis they out of a car and we reveal Evelyn carry flower to go with she snack . she and Ed head in silence towards the cement structure . 31 int . nursing home - day Ed enter he aunt 's roon . Evelyn take a deep breath and plaster a smile on she face and enter -- and exit with two object barely miss she head . evelyn ( exite ) I be glad you be feel better , aunt vesta . ( to whoever 's listen ) good thing she eyesight 's fail . fgt ja March 19 , 1991 1 : 32 int . sunroom - day Evelyn be sit alone in the sunroom with a blank look on she face eat out of a huge box of donut . ninny spot she . ninny _ hello ! Evelyn jump she be so startle and nearly dump she donut . Evelyn try to regain she composure . evelyn hi . ninny I be hope you would come . roommate , Mrs. otis , say I could visit with she and she family , but I say '' thank you kindly , but I think I night have ny own visitor " and here you be ! evelyn ( offer she one ) hope you like donut , Mrs. threadgoode . . ninny visitor and donut to boot ! now , you can not beat that . you can call not ninny . everyone else do . it make I feel modern . evelyn ( long pause ) how 's you friend do ? ninny Mrs. otis ? oh , not so good . it look like I will not be get back home for a while , and I sure miss it . it 's funny what you will miss when you be away from home . I miss the smell of coffee and bacon fry . you can not smell a thing Leo they get cooking here . oh , what I . would not give for a plate of fry green tomato like the one we use to have at the cafe . after buddy die , idgie just tempt the good Lord to take she away . cuT to the past 33 ext . whistle stop train track - dawn - 1926 idgie be jump fron freight car to freight car . she be in she late teens , but look young . she be agile , and graceful - ea wild look in she eye . the more dangerous the stunt , the more laughter it provoke from she . she climb down into a freight car and start dump something overboard . pgt ja March 19 , 1991 20 ninny ( v.0 . ) she hardly ever come hone . only Big George know how to find she . then one summer day , mama send for she . like they say , God never shut one door without open another . 34 ext . threadgoode yard - day 1926 idgie , dress in ratty overall and barefoot , be walk up to the house with a string of fish over she back and a fruit - jar of honey . it 's a beautiful spring day . ' idgie mama ! ! mama and sipsey be water the fern . mama 's eye light up _when she hear idgie 's voice . idgie mama . mama out here ! idgie come out and mama give she a kiss . mama well , it 's about time . ( fanning she finger through idgie 's hair ) well , if you do not look like the wild man of borneo . guess who 's here ? idgie who ? mama Ruth jameson , she 's come all the way over from valdosta , Georgia . she 's stay with we this summer and will be in charge of all the young people 's activity over at the church . idgie ( she go pale ) be that why you want to see I ? mama well , we have get so many nice thing plann . Ruth jameson come to the screen door . she 's older now , but very beautiful , in a white dress . mama Ruth , you remember my youngest child ? oe owe sl pgt ja March 19 , 1991 roth ( she smile ) of course ido . hi tdgie . idgie 21 ( try to control she displeasure ) t be you do here ? tdgie , here , help out at the idgie run off . mami I just tell you , Ruth 's stay church ... RUTH maybe , this be not such a good idea . mama she ’1ll get use to you , Lord , honey . mama threadgoode close she sipsey pay attention now . eye in horror as we hear in the distance the sound of yell and horn blow as the truck drive away . 35 int . church mama , papa , Ruth , and the entire threadgoode clan , minus idgie of course , be present . Rev. scroggin be 's : scroggins peak . snake and serpent take many disguise . down by the river , the devil fill wi evil where by a paint lady , of Satan , where lust and degrada every night ... 35a ext . whistle stop baptist church - sunday service a sign say reverend scro two snake on the boat , wi once and for all . '' we se bummy look friend han as it drive by . ggins preach on hen he have a chance why , just ten mile away , there lurk a de of th the maggot of liquor and sin abide . run Eva bate , a sister unspeakable act of tion be perform '' why do noah let to get rid of they @ idgie , now early 20' , and sone ging out the window idgie ( v.0 . ) hey scroggin ! ya finally about something of a pickup truck preaching you kin to --snake ! fgi ja March 19 , 1991 22 358 int . whistle stop baptist church - sunday service mama , papa , and Ruth exchange look of concern . mama whisper something to Ruth . 36,37,38 omit 36,37,38 '' 39 ext . winding dirt road = night Big georg : be drive through the wood with Ruth . 40 int . river club idgie sit smoking she cigarettes , look like the cat that just swallow the canary . idgie I / 1l see you and raise you twenty . grady eye she suspiciously . grady you be not fool nobody , idgie . you be just bluff again as usual -- you do not have nothing . idgie well , maybe I do , and maybe I do not . but now it 's gonna cost you thirty cent to find out . tight on idgie 's hand . she have three ace -- and a pair of ten . Ruth enter the screen door and shade she eye . RUTH Excuse I , be idgie threadgoode here by any chance ? eva ( call out ) . come on in , honey . she 's right here . as she walk over to the table everyone be startle to see such a fine lady dress in white in this place . the man make a feeble attempt at stand and tipping they hat . idgie what the hell be you do here ? ' RUTH T come to talk to you . idgie well , you will have to wait . I / 's busy . eva . pull up a chair and have a seat , honey . can I get you a beer ? fgt ja March 19 , 1991 RUTH - oh , no thank you . 1 /21 just stand here and wait if you do not mind . idgie come on , grady . here 's you big chance . be you in or out ? everyone at the table be very uncomfortable at have Ruth there , and one by one the nen throw they card on the table , wait for something to happen . Ruth go over and start pick up idgie 's money . RUTH I be afraid you will have to excuse idgie . she 's go home for dinner . idgie what the hell be you do ?? ( to other ) Nice meeting you . say goodbye , idgie . all nod and mumble something as Ruth head out the door with a dumbfounded idgie right behind she . : idgie where be you go with ny money ? R we be go home . idgie who the hell be you to boss I around ? RUTH I be the one who 's take you home , that 's who . 421 ext . river club - night they head to the truck and idgie see Big George . idgie thanks a lot , pal . ( to Ruth ) give not ny money back . RUTH now get in the car . idgie open the door and get in the car and slide through to the other side . she open the passenger door and get out as Ruth be get in . tdgie slam the door and walk off . fgt ja March 19 , 1991 24 idgie I 'il leave here when I good and well want to . have a nice trip home ! _ Big George shake he head . big GEORGE oh Lord . . . Ruth get out and start after idgie again . RUTH I just do not know how you can break you mother 's heart like you +o . — _ — with se + idgie I be not do anything to my mother . ! RUTH oh no ? why do you think I be over here for the summer ? you mother be so worried about you she think because I be a teacher I might be able to talk some sense into you , but I can not even find you mostly . you be too busy feel sorry for yourself . idgie | what be you talk about ? RUTH ; idgie , you be not the only one who lose buddy . ) idgie freeze at the mention of he name for a moment , then turn and walk away while Ruth stand she ground . RUTH " buddy be dead . we all miss he , but turn you back on you family be not go to bring he back . idgie give Ruth a deadly stare . idgie | who the hell be you to talk about my ' brother ? if it have not be for you in 's : the first place -- you ... just mind you own goddamn business and give I my money back , Ruth drop the money and head back to the truck . 42 int . threadgoode house - day Ruth walk in the dining room and shake she head no . -_ ww ee fgt ja March 19 , 1992 25 papa ( sigh ) Father , we thank you for this bountiful table and this family . keep we safe and close to thy bosom . a ane . 43 int . kitchen - later the same night mama be bring the remain of dessert back into the kitchen , when she spie : «dgie walk in the back way . mama snile . 44 int . dine area the meal be just about over , but mama come in carry enough food for one nore plate , which sipsey set right next to Ruth . essie rue can we be excuse ? mama no . essie rue but mama . . . . mama ( interrupt ) no , young lady . no one understand mama 's reaction until idgie make she appearance . her hair be slicked down and she sit down as it it 's no big deal . everyone be stare at she . there be silence as mana start to serve idgie . RUTH could you please pass I the tomato . they look awfully good . idgie look up and see the tomato right in front of she and quickly pick then up and pass then , but the plate tip ana one go fly in the air . tdgie put the plate down with one hand and catch the errant tomato with the other , as if perfectly plan . Ruth smile at she . RUTH thank you . tdgie go about she business as the rest of the family just stare in amazement . Julian start to laugh . idgie what be you laugh at ? julian you . idgie 's eye narrow at Julian and then she swing at camera , fgt ja March 19 , 1991 26 45 ext . church - dusk Julian walk out of the building with a serious bruise on he cheek and glare at idgie . Ruth walk outside and idgie come up to she . idgie I be think about some of the thing you be say and I '' like to show you something . what be it ? idgie lemme show you . you gotta hurry though . they start walk briskly towards the railroad track . 46 ext . railroad track - dusk they approach a train and idgie sneak up to a boxcar . she pull out a large pry bar and wedge open the door and hop up . idgie hop in . RUTH hop ? idgie oh , give I you hand . idgie pull Ruth up into the car . idgie well , look at all this . we see can and produce of the day stack inside the car . RUTH it 's all very nice , but be do not understand why you bring I here . we hear the train whistle blow and then the train start to move . Ruth be surprised . idgie well , you say I be selfish and I 'o gonna show you that you be wrong . RUTH do not you think we should get off the train ? idgie this be something buddy and I use to do . fgt ja March 19 , 1991 27 Ruth look out the train and she look a little queasy . idgie you all right ? RUTH well , sometimes I get a little dizzy leok down . idgie do not look down . Ruth smile politely as idgie litt up a handful of can and foodstuff and walk to the open area of the car . she start toss they out the door . RUTH what be you do ? idgie come look . Ruth do not relish the idea of go so close to the edge , but she steel herself and look out and see the hungry face of poor black family and migrant worker who be wait anxiously for idgie 's gift , idgie you talk about give unto other . RUTH yes , but this food be not yours to give . idgie that 's Church talk . well , I have see that same people who be on they knee at church on Sunday over at Eva 's on Monday , on they knee again , but praying to a different God , idgie throw out a armful of food as the child scurry for it and some of the man shout " thanks railroad Bill . " idgie come on . help ! Ruth be ina quandary , but one more look at that hungry face outside and Ruth begin to help too . idgie all right , time to get off . Ruth again be puzzle . the train come out of the tunnel . idgie all right , jump . fct ja March 19 , 1is91 RUTH tunp ? idgie yeah , jump . the next stop be five mile down the track . I dont want to walk that far back . now jump . Ruth freeze . RUTH you be crazy . ( idgie grin broadly ) you really want to get rid of I . idgie I really want you to jump so we do not have to walk too far back . RUTH you blame not , do not you . you really do , ( get very enotional ) tdgie , I do not kill . ( idgie do not react ) you make I feel like I do . you want to hurt I because I want to help you . Fine . you win . 1 /12 tell mama that I can not handle you and 1/11 head back to valdosta right away . idgie you / will never jump , will you ? RUTH do not say never to I . Ruth jump and a impressed tdgie follow suit . they both hit the ground and roll . Ruth dust herself off , get up and walk toward the track to head back home , when she notice that idgie be not move very much . in fact , she 's very much in pain . RUTH be you all right ? idgie I be fine . she try to stand and crumple in pain to the ground . idgie I be all right . Ruth look at she leg and it 's quite obviously hurt . Ruth rip some cloth out of she dress and wrap it around the wounded leg . - _ -— eee fgt ja March 19 , 1991 Ruth try to pick tdgie up , but it 's painful . Ruth approach Ruth be read she , revealing a one until it goe : Ruth read about RUTH I have to get you to the doctor way ia it ? dgie + which T ' Bout two mile if you follow the track , RUTH well , let 's go . idgie 8 very difficult ana you will never be able to carry I that far . ( Ruth give she a look ) know , never ever say never . RUTH I be not carry you . you / be walk . with great effort , Ruth lift idgie up , place she arm around she and idgie hop as Ruth walk slowly . idgie I can not tell you . damn . + + I be really sorry about this . the track and slowly start to trudge home . 47 int . church school from thoreau and the camera pull back from full house and then it tilt down and track past the shoe of the student , polished , in nice order , one by S outside the classroon and come to rest on a bandage leg . camera crane up to reveal idgie who listen to the sound of nature , isolation a 48 int . julian and cleo 's room both boy be as go through the she hand in , smi . 49 ext . roof tdgie crawl alo ; under she weight bandage . she 's another section room . nothing . whisper . leep . sound of morning bird chi . no beauty . rping . idgie pocket of a pair of pants , find nothing , then ease the top drawer of the dresser open enough to slip les as she hand find a set of car key . no a gutter connection that nearly give way - it be rather difticult with she leg cramble to a more secure area , drop to of roof , tap on a close window of buddy 's old tap again . idgie open the window . she idgie be not you ready yet ? fgt ja March 19 , 1992 30 RUTH ' I be ready , Ruth try to get out of bed , get tangle ana crashes to the floor . idgie have to suppress a laugh . RUTH this do not have anything to do with train , do it ? — ~ — ee ee idgie no . I tell you that I want to show , you something before you go . it 's a surprise . Julian even loan I the key to he car , sipsey make we a picnic . ' ' 30 to 57 omit so to 57 op ' 58 ext . backwood idgie be drive Julian 's old model T along the dusty narrow road . 1 59 ext . meadow ~ day they exit the car . RUTH you do not have a license , do you ? Julian do not loan you this car . you stole the key . tdgie glance at Ruth to see how mad she be . idgie I want to show you something , something that guy thoreau , you be talk about , would like , you gotta swear you will never tell another live soul about it . exasperate Ruth walk out of the wood into a lovely sunlit meadow . Ruth carry the picnic basket , idgie hobble along and carry a blanket . there be a fall tree at the far end of the meadow . idgie drop the blanket under a old shade tree , take a empty jelly jar out of the picnic basket . - — — ~ — — | idgie stay here . no matter what happen , do not move . and be quiet . do not make any ! noise , whatever you do . ~ RUTH what be you go to de ? — --~- — with fgt ja March 19 , 1991 31 idgie head for the fall tree , halfway there she glance back to see if Ruth be watch . she be . tidgie approach the tree , hum softly , and ease she jar into the hollow in the tree -- 60 ext . bee tree a swarm of angry bee burst out of the tree and completely cover tdgie . Ruth be scared out of she wit . tdgie , hum , pull the jar full of honey and honeycomb out of the tree and very quietly start walk back toward Ruth , comp . etely cover with bee . as she walk softly away from the tree , the bee begin to peel off and return to they hive . when she get back to Ruth , there be only a half - dozen bee leave in she hair . idgie ogrin like a fool ) here , madam , this be for you . she hand the jar to Ruth . Ruth look down and do not take the jar . . RUTH why do you de that ? idgie shh. quiet . youll frighten the bee . RUTH you could have be kill ! idgie I do it all the time . I never get stung . I be sorry . do not you want the honey ? do not be mad at I , Ruth . I just want to give you a go away present . : RUTH mad ? idgie please do not be mad at I . the bee will not sting unless you stir an up . they 's 11 give you they honey . you nre the only person that ... idgie be now very upset . Ruth put she arm around idgie . RUTH oh , idgie , I be not mad at you . idgie ( idgie stare at she for a long beat ) buddy love you , do not he ? ( Ruth nod ) do you still think about he ? fgt ja March 19 , 1991 32 RUTH all the time . idgie so do I ... he bring I here . he teach I how to listen to the bee , how to get the honey . ( beat ) be it bad what I do ? RUTH no . idgie T think it might be crazy or sonethe . RUTH no , no , no . I hear there be people who could charm bee , but I have never see it before today , tdgie start to smile . idgie ( Long beat ) ... you like I do not you ? RUTH ( smile at she forwardness ) yes . . idgie that 's good . I like you too , a lot . be you really go home right away ? the summer 's hardly begin . RUTH be you go to promise to be real sweet to you mama from now on ? idgie ( tdgie nod affirmatively ) ( beat ) you know , Ruth , I would kill for you , if anybody ever hurt you . RUTH that 's a terrible thing to say . idgie no , it be not . I would rather kill for love than hate , would not you ? Ruth laugh . how else do you respond to this one ? RUTH you be just a bee charmer , idgie threadgoode , that 's what you be , a bee charmer . fgt ja March 19 , 1992 33 idgie put she finger in the fresh honey , taste it ana snile . idgie you wanna taste it ? Ruth nod and idgie scoops some more on she finger and offer it to Ruth who taste the honey . later same location a sole bee buzze around a empty honey jar . the camera glide over to Ruth who be sleep peacefully and then reveal idgie also rest . ' the woman be like two mirror image . idgie 's eye open . idgie you up ? roth ( stretch ) sort of . idgie you have the most beautiful scent . ( laugh ) it 's perfume . it 's import , from Paris France . idgie it smell like lilac ana wild berry . ( beat ) what do you and buddy talk about mostly ? RUTH you . ( idgie smile proudly ) and the future . have a family and start a business , one where people fiat get together and have a good t : . idgie you know what disturb I ? I can not remember he smell . ( Ruth take idgie ' 's hand ) tell I everything you know about buddy . 61 int . river club = night idgie and Ruth walk into a darken building whe- the light come on and : voice surprise ! ! '' --- fgt ja March 19 , 1992 all the guy from the Camp start sing '' happy birthday " to Ruth who be overwhelm . RUTH idgie threadgoode ? idgie now tonight we be go to have a real party . drink this and the we will play some poker . RUTH I be sorry , but I do not know how to play poker and never drink . 62 ext . river club - night camera track past a unfinish card game , past empty liquor bottle towards two old pickup that have they light turn on and we be watch one of the first night baseball gane ever play in the South . idgie be pitching and Ruth be the umpire . grady be at bat . idgie throw a pitch . RUTH sttttrrrriiiike two . . grady . be you crazy ? that pitch be outside by three foot . RUTH do not argue with the referee . grady it 's umpire . : RUTH do not argue with he either . grady shake he head as Ruth take a swig out of a Coke bottle and swallow with ditticulty . idgie be grin something fierce , smile , wind up and deliver . the ball hit the dirt and bounce straight over the plate . RUTH sttttrrrrike three . you be out . grady the ball bounce in front of the plate . roth it do ? grady oh look what you create , idgie . grady drop the bat and head behind the plate . fgt ja March 19 , 1991 35 idgie you nre up now , Ruth . RUTH I do not know how to bat . idgie and you never drink either . just hold the bat and swing . 1 /1 ) pitch it easy to you . grady help she hold the bat and she stand wobbly at the plate and idgie lather up the ball and prepare to pitch . RUTH what be she do to the ball ? grady it 's a spitter . idgie pitch and Ruth swing -- or the ball hit the bat , but it go , way into the night . RUTH yeahi !! idgie end of game , that ball 's lose . you ever skinny dip in a river by moonlight ? 63 later that night ~ by the river idgie smile as Ruth , in near tear , play poker . they be both in wet clothing . RUTH I have never have so much fun in my whole life . and I even get a home run . idgie a clean one at that . RUTH a straight beat three of a kind ? ( idgie nod affirmatively ) you know , poker be not half bad . oh idgie , what 's you mother gonna say if she see we both drunk ? idgie it 's about time you cross the line . you / have always do the right thing . you take care of you daddy , the preacher , when he take sick . you take care of all the kid at the church school . and you be gonna take care of you mother . ~--+- — ~ fgt ja March 19 , 1991 36 rute that ' 's right and I be gonna marry the man I be suppose to ... but I have never really have this much fun . Ruth reach for she Coke bottle and idgie take it away from er . . idgie that 's enough fun for one night . you be gonna get marry ? RUTH as soon as the summer 's over . idgie why spoil the fun ? do you love he ? Ruth start to laugh . RUTH everybody in valdosta love he and he 's do so much for mama . he 's the one who give I the french perfume you . like so much . idgie well you have gotta do what you have gotta do , I guess ... we better get you home . RUTH oh , be I go to miss you . this be the best birthday I have ever have . . she kiss idgie on the cheek . 64 ext . threadgoode house - day mama be by the car which be pack with Ruth 's possession . she lock worried . a handsome man with slicked back black hair wait impatiently . he be frank bennett . 65 int . idgie 's room - day idgie be sit on the side of she bed , stare out the window at this man . Ruth knock . idgie come in . RUTH time to go . idgie T know . fgt ja March 19 , 1991 37 RUTH it 's hard to believe the summer 's over , be not it ? ! 7 yeah idgie . RUTH well , it 's always difficult to say goodbye . idgie ( interrupt ) , you do not have to . I know why you be leave . I understand that . you mother need you to take care of she and that you fiance , what 's he name . o. : Frank bennett . idgie ' + ° 18 wait for you . I understand . 8 for everything . RUTH well , I want to thank you also . you be very special idgie threadgoode . ( beat ) | be you sure you be okay ? . idgie yes , I be fine . ( she smile ) ' can not you see I 'o smile ? you better , go , or you will be late . routh bye . ' idgie 1 so long . Ruth exit the room and idgie remain motionless and then throw a glass item against the wall and it break . Ruth re-enter . ' RUTH idgie . i idgie 1 you be really go to marry that weasel out there , be not you ? RUTH do not talk like that . idgie why be you marrying he ? fgl ja March 19 , 1991 38 RUTH because I want to , that 's why . idgie chuck another object against the wall . idgie you do not love he . you do not . you know you do not . you really want to stay here with we . I rnow you do . we love you . RUTH oh , idgie , you be not be practical . idgie then tell I you love hin . RUTH I have get to go . idgie ( idgie be craze ) see . you nre the liar , not I and I hate you and I hope you die ! 1 do not ever want to see you again as long as I live ! I hate you ! liar ! Ruth grab she by the shoulder and shake she . RUTH stop it ! idgie T hope you rot in hell ! Ruth slap she hard across the face . idgie look at she speechless , stunne . Ruth nearly take she in she arm , but at the last minute , without touch she , turn and walk out , clese the door softly . 66 ext . highway a series of shot of idgie drive Julian 's model T at night and at dawn . 67 ext . valdosta , georgia - day a small town , much prettier than whistle stop , with a general store , a drugstore , a barbershop , and a post office on &@ square with a beautiful church on one side . the threadgoode medel T chug into town , park at the store with the church in view . 68 ext . valdosta baptist church a beautiful summer day , fruit tree blossoming , bird sing . the church be overflow with well - dress people . across the yard , Julian 's model T , park in among the tree early invisible . tdgie be curl up in the front seat drink whiskey . she be very drunk and very miserable . we hear muffle strain of the organ come from the church , the door fly open and people burst out the door . a beautiful Ruth and good - look frank come down the stair follow Ruth 's mother , people gather around then , throw rice . much prank tike Ruth 's Mom by the hand ana give she a big hug and kiss . she blushes as Frank whisper something to she which make she smile and wave he off with she hand . Frank jump into the car with Ruth and head off . idgie sit up and in she drunken stupor murmur goodbye to Ruth just as they car disappear around the corner , 69 omit 69 '' 70 missy 's home ~ night the child 's furniture be pushed to the side , eight youngish woman be sit on exercise mat on the floor and be aij in slack . and Evelyn , look young and with a different hairstyle , in stocking , high heel and a@ dress . the teacher be young and serious and be hand out mirro 3 . . . teacher so , during this next week we will be learn to reclaim we own power , as woman . tonight we be go to begin to explore we fenaleness by examine Evelyn draw in a breath of alarm , peek at missy who like the other , be not the least bit shocked , teacher so , if you will al2 slip off you panty and straddle you mirrorg - missy and the other woman be do just as they be tell , Evelyn struggle to she foot , deeply embarrassed . teacher Mrs. couch -- evelyn I need to be excuse for a moment . missy , will not you come to the lady room with I ? missy stare at she sympathetically , but unsure of what to do . teacher do you find this threaten ? fgt ja March 19 , 1991 ac evelyn _no ... t... well ...t do not realize -- eacher ( gently ) do you have a problen with you sexuality ? evelyn no , tia ’am , but I do have @ problem with ny girdle . Evelyn walk out of the house 71 Ed walk in and startles Evelyn who immediately start to tidy up the immaculate dinner table . as be he custom , he take he food and head to the television , Evelyn scramble after hin bring he drink . 71 int . couch house - night - present evelyn Ed that class I have be go to forever be not help we one bit . let 's drive to Florida , like when we . get marry . Kyle 's go and busy with he own life . it would be just the two of we . ed it 's just the two of we here . this Chicken be great . evelyn why thank you . _ we could rent a boat and drift around in the hot sun . what do you think about it ? ed I be just get use to it be quiet in here and do not go to that class if they be not help you . damn , the game 's rain out . , 72 int . rose hill nursing home entry - day Evelyn enter and be join by janeen . the two of they walk down the hallway . janeen hey , Mrs. couch . how be you ? evelyn Fine , how be you ? fgt ja March 19 , 1991 41 janeen Dead on my foot . we lose two of then last night . not within five minute of each other . the other . we try and pile launiry on top of an , but they know . you can not disguise a dead body , no matter what you do . Evelyn , who be carry a bag of treat for the aunt , stop at she door and very carefully place it inside the doorway . Evelyn and janeen both quickly dart past the door and to they evelyn maybe she 's teeling better . they exchange a look when they see mr . dunaway , dress to kill , wheeling hinseir slowly into the aunt 's room -- only to come roll out at high speed and nearly toppling with the content of Evelyn 's bag of treat follow soon after hin , Evelyn and janeen amile . evelyn maybe she 's not . janeen wait till you see Mrs. threadgoode . 73 int . SUN room = day janeen leave and Evelyn enter and spot ninny . someone have dyed she hair bright purple . ninny do you like it ? 1 want to look my best for Easter . evelyn ( try not to appear shocked ) ahh . who do it for you , darlin’ ? ninny well , believe it or not , it be a student , a little bitty person , almost a midget , from the beauty college . sometimes they come out and do we hair for free , just to get a little practice . be Ed with you ? Evelyn hand ninny a chocolate bunny . fgt ja March 19 , 1991 42 evelyn : just I alone . his aunt tell he she do not - want any visitor , especially , we . it 's a shame . I think he feel LA bad , but Lord if he will talk to I about it . since we son Kyle grow up and ' leave home , he hardly talk to not at , all , even during dinner . ninny b maybe you should spice up he food . ) that 'il get he attention . 's Evelyn take bite out she chocolate bunny and ninny , decapitate hers . . evelyn you never finish tell I about tdgie . ninny well , let 's see , where be we ? Ruth | have just get marry to Frank ' bennett . evelyn — be not that the name of the man that idgie be arrest for murdering ? ninny that 's right . of course after Ruth ' leave , idgie just go back to she old way . it take she a few year , but she finally decide to bury the hatchet -- to go see Ruth . CUT to the past : , 74 75 omit 75,74 om 75a ext . big GEORGE 's house - day , 7 | Big George enter with a large package . Big George go into a back room where idgie be sleep on a ' old couch with a tilt empty bottle near she head . he drop | the package off and start to leave the room , when idgie open : one eye . 75b int . big GEORGE 's house ~ day 7 ! , big GEORGE | . I do not want to wake you , miz idgie , : but it 's a full day drive to valdosta i and you mama say if you go all the : 7s way to . valdosta , then she want you to give this pie to ruth. oe WA March 19 , 1991 idgie how have she know where I be go ? sipsey walk in . sipsey she know . now de not go stirrin’ up no trouble with miz Ruth , you hear ? 76 ext . valdosta = day idgie in a model T @rive up a dusty road lead to a large farmhouse . idgie get out of car . she be slender and have grow quite attractive . Three hound dog be jump up on she , bark , try to be petted . she knock on the door . a frail old lady come and open the door . idgie ( nervously ) be Ruth at home ? old woman who 's call ? idgie : ( very nervous ) just tell she it 's the bee charner fron Alabama . old woman Ruth , it 's some bee person here to see you . idgie nervously wait and lock around the front porch and at the land in the distance . through the screen door we Ruth come to the door , open it . when she see tdgie , she 's startle . RUTH idgie ? Ruth stand silhouett by the door , she face in shadow . something 's not right . idgie ( awkwardly hand she the package ) hi mama say to give this pie ... look uh , what I say about rotting in hell , I ... I do not hate you . I think you / be probably the finest person I have ever meet . so I be sorry . we all miss you and mama and papa will welcome you back for a visit anytime . fgt ja March 19 , 1991 44 RUTH you drive how many hour to apologize ? idgie threadgoode , how be you ? you look so , so grow up . tell I , do you have a fellow yet ? idgie . a couple , but I can not decide on any . grady 's the most persistent , but . . . RUTH grady kilgore . idgie do not say it so loud . how come you do not write at all , even to mama ? Ruth hear a noise from inside the house . as she turn , the light strike she face and reveal a black eye . there be no activity inside the house . idgie be you all right ? RUTH +-. yes , I be fine . idgie you do not look fine . where would you get the shiner ? frank ( 0.s ) ( from upstairs ) who 's down there ? RUTH ( glance up , back down front stair ) well , thanks for the pie . well , I guess you ...uh ... you better go . idgie he do not hit you , do he ? RUTH you better be go , now . idgie he do . he beat you . well m be go to beat he to a pulp . RUTH ( idgie try to enter the house and Ruth grab she ) you be not go to do anything , you hear ? now please idgie , just leave . if you care about I , if you really do , you will turn around and leave this minute . fgt ja March 19 , 1991 45 Ruth release idgie who look at Ruth unable to comprehend why she be stop she and finally give in and head back to she car . Frank 's houseboy walk around the corner - of the house and watch as idgie turn around and yell to Frank bennett . idgie you touch she again , you bastard , and 1/11 tear you eye out and kill you quick than you can say custer . Frank arrive at the door , towell he wet head . he see the pie in Ruth 's hand . frank what have she say about custard ? RUTH nothing , 79 int . river club - night a juke box be play sad music . laughter can be hear as Eva bate be play poker with the boy . grady come over , real friendly . grady tdgie ? idgie grady . grady you be duckin’ I . what do you say ? idgie I say hey . this be a bad time to be bugging I ... ( grady fold he arm and wait ) oh , you do not want to marry I , grady kilgore . have you lose you mind ? go marry gladys moat , she just adore you . . grady ' I be not askin’ she , I be askin ' you to be ny wife . idgie what be you gonna be thinkin’ when I be out fishin’ and drinkin’ with someone other than you ? you be gonna be thinkin’ you own I and you want I and you be gonna be madder than a wet hen . a cute guy , name kirby , walk by and wink at tdgie and grady notice . grady who 's that ? he 's not from around this part . fol sa March 19 , 1991 46 idgie just someone who 's real good with a rifle ... see , grady . we be not even marry and you be already jealous . grady I be not jealous . you be just a goofy girl , idgie threadgoode . idgie jump giady and knock he to the floor . idgie who you callin’ a goof ? grady you. grady now stop it idgie before I get mad and hurt you . idgie just try it . they wrestle some more , roll around until grady get on top of she and pin she with he considerable weight to the ground , but idgie just refuse to stop struggle . grady give up . idgie never . grady stop it , idgie . idgie ++- okay , okay . just let I up . grady let go and idgie just jump he again and once more grady pin she on the ground , he face reddene and close to hers . grady do not pull that again . . idgie then you better keep I down for the rest of you life cause I / 11 never give in to you . ninny ( v.0 . ) grady finally get exhaust and give up . try as they might , none of this fellow at Eva 's place could tame idgie for any length of time . about a year later a letter come from Ruth . fi va marca i939 , 1991 a 80 int . threadgoode house kitchen - day sipsey be baking . idgie run in the door . mama nod toward Big George who hold a letter . idgie pull out a newspaper clipping and a tear page from the Bible . idgie ( confuse and upset ) what 's this ? this be not a letter ... mama put on she glass . bring it here . she look at idgie and begin to read the newspaper clipping . mama this be Ruth 's mother 's obituary . she die last month . idgie oh no . mama ( look at the Bible page ) and this be from the Bible -- from the book of Ruth . she 's underline something for you . '' and Ruth say : whither thou go , I will go , and where thou lodgest , I will lodge . and thy people shall be my people .../ # idgie 's eye meet mama 's . a1 ext . near valdosta - day country road -= overhead shot of car and truck . 82 ext . bennett house - day on the horizon , the truck and car come down the road and pull up to a stop . idgie get out of the car . idgie head toward the house as Big George and Julian stand by the truck . 83 int . bennett house idgie go up the stair to Ruth ... they eye meet for the first time ... after a moment : RUTH mama die . idgie I know . l a oe small £ 7 , a991 roth and I 'o pregnant . Ruth break into tear and idgie put she arn around she ang cradle she . ext . bennett house - later Frank bennett drive up and notice the door . int . bennett house idgie be quickly pack up one of Ruth 's tdgie heller to Big George and Julian . idgie truck at he front 3 last remain box . the rest of she stuft 's upstairs . Big George ana Julian head upstairs . RUTH be you sure we be do the right thing ? idgie do you want to raise you child with Frank ? RUTH I could not . but you ha ven not even talk this over with mama and papa . idgie ( break out in a mama love baby and p , mama ... why hell , the way figure ... we be get price of one . huge grin ) apa love I two for the Julian and cleo be come downstairs with the trunk and head out the front door when Frank come in the back @oor with he frank what the hell 's go on here ?! idgie look like you wife 's leave you , mister ... Frank look at idgie . frank who the hell be you ? or on iadr no rit 49 idgie I be the one she 's leave with , pea braint ! Frank grab Ruth by the shoulder to pull she away , but Ruth resist . Frank slap she across the face , knock she backwards . idgie immediately jump Frank , ' riding he like he 's some wild horse she will tame . Frank spin idgie around until he fling she off , send she crash into the wall . {to Ruth ) come here . idgie you touch she again and 1 /11 kill you . she do not move . idgie be breathe like a wild cat and be prepare to pounce on Frank as he slowly approach Ruth . he reach out for Ruth and idgie again jump he and he back she into the wall crush she like a grape . Ruth run at hin . rl ' do not hurt she ! Ruth try to push Frank away , but he grab she and sling she over he shoulder and start head up the stair when Julian and Big George enter . : . julian ( to Frank ) T would not go up that stair , mister ... it might upset Big George . Big George pick up a large knife and in one swift movement , he core a apple , never look at Frank , who stare at hin motionless . julian he ' 's crazy ... no tell what he 's liable to do ... Frank hesitates for a second and slowly let Ruth down . . idgie let 's go . : frank tvll get you for this . you will see . they exit the house . 84 ext . house - day they scurry to the car . tdgie start the car and start to drive off ... fgt ja March 19 , 1991 as int . car 50 idgie well , I sure as hell scared he , didnt i? towanda the amazing amazon womant alone in the jungle , afraid of nothing that prowl this earth . woman beyond compare . ru*u jein she in nervous laughter as they head toward whistle stop . 86,87,88 omit 89 int . supermarket ~ day - present close on Evelyn stare at a issue of the national enquirer . headline : '' wife kill husband and sell his body part to alien . " 86,87,88 of woman 's voice Evelyn . . . Evelyn . . . reveal : Evelyn be at the checkout counter talk to missy , she acquaintance from the woman 's seminar . evelyn ( caught red hand , embarrassed ) oh , I be sorry . I be just look at the picture , missy . missy they have the great storey in that magazine , do not they ? will I see you in group tonight ? we will be talk about masturbation . evelyn oturn bright rea ) thank you , but I have have enough learn for the time be . Evelyn take she Package and head for the door . as she start out the exit only , a teenage boy with a scraggly beard and mean eye shoulder in , bump into Evelyn , knock she back against the dog food . evelyn ( a little laugh ) well , excuse I . boy ( whip around ) fuck you . Evelyn be stunne as the boy stride over to the liquor counter . Evelyn get herself together as the boy come back toward she . fgt ja March 19 , 1991 evelyn there be no reason for you to be so rude back there . you be come in the wrong door . boy get the hell away from I , you fat cow ! he head for the exit with a six pack . evelyn ( breathless ) what do you call I ? the boy exit , fast . Evelyn pursue . 90 ext . parking lot - day the boy climb into a batter pickup with fat tire and a tough girl in the passenger seat . Evelyn be on he heel , she grocery in she arm . evelyn why do you call I that ? what have I ever do to you ? why be you be so mean to I ? boy beat it , you old bitch . the boy jam the truck into gear , back out fast , tire squealing , girl laugh . Evelyn try to follow he . as she run , she bag break <-- grocery spilling all over the pavement . 92 int . rose hill nursing home hall - day ninny walk through the visit wing . a old man be sit in a wheelchair . ninny stop . ninny ( yell in he ear ) how be you today Mr. dunaway ? mr . dunaway ( grin at she ) you have the most beautiful eye . ninny continue around to the side corridor that be desert except for a few row of walker and wheelchair . she find Evelyn sit all by herself in a wheelchair with big tear run down she face , eat a baby Ruth . ninny oh , honey , what in the world be the matter ? fgt ja March 28 , 1991 evelyn ( glance up ) I do not know . she continue to cry and eat she candy . ninny come on . I need some exercise . ( wheeling she in th- enair ) tell I what 's bother ysu , sugar . evelyn I just feel so useless ... so powerless . ninny everybody go through that ... evelyn and I can not stop eat . everyday I try and try , and everyday I go off . I hide candy bar all over the house . ninny a candy bar 's not go to hurt you . evelyn ( break down ) one no , but not ten or eleven and rt can not even look at my own vagina ... ninny : now , honey , I can not help you on that one . they go outside and continue roll around . Evelyn give ninny a box of crackerjack . evelyn I wish I have the courage to get it over with and get really fat .. ; oh , Mrs. threadgoode , I be too old to be young , and too young to be old . maybe I 'o just crazy . ninny you get hot flash ? evelyn well , sometimes . ninny do you get the sweat and you heart start pound ? evelyn how do you know ? fgt ja March 28 , 1991 ninny simple honey , you be just go through . the change . I use to burst into tear l~ for no reason at all . you need some hormone and maybe some stresstab j number ten for good measure . ' ! ' evelyn really ? be that all ? ninny yes , honey . you just get yourself some 's hormone . then you get out of the house and get yourself a job . with you pretty complexion I x11 bet you / will be great with Mary Kay cosmetics . 1 , know how you feel , I be about you age ' when I have my child and then I go through change of life . ) evelyn I do not know you have a child . | ninny . yes , I do . his name be Albert . he be a birth - injure child , so I have he with I until he be thirty , then | he just go to sleep and never wake ' ~ up . she put the picture back on the dresser . ninny ' the doctor say that it would be best if I do not even see he at all . he ! say because of a injury , he mind would never develop past the age of ' five and that I should put he in a ! institution because the burden of } raise a child like that would be too ; great . I think about Ruth . she call child " little gift from above . " I just smile and ask for the baby . oh , how could that sweet 's precious baby ever be a burden ? why , ) . from the minute he be bear , Albert be the joy of my life , the Lord 's great t gift . there be not a purer soul that ever live on this earth . ( she smile ) sometimes I just can not wait to get to | heaven and see hin . ninny dig in she crackerjack box and pull out a small prize ~ as Evelyn look at she lovingly . fgt ja March 28 , 1991 54 ninny ( delighted as a child ) oh , Evelyn , look ! a little chicken , just what I like ! 92 int . threadgoode kitchen - day - 1932 . idgie oh shitiiti !! re here ... 11 ! everyone jump for joy . everyone include Eva , Rev. scroggin , Julian , grady , Pete . a baby 's wail be hear in the distance . eva ( slapping the Rev. on the back ) hot damn ! ! as they all slap each other , the reverend try in vain to retain he dignity . Julian pour whiskey into they teacup . scroggins I think a little prayer of thanksgive would be ... idgie ( hold up teacup ) goddamn it to hell ... son of a : bitch ... she do it !! here 's to Ruth ... everybody pick up a teacup . to Ruth !!! they all drink , eva ( leok at a stunne reverend ) best goddamn tea in the state ! ! 93 int . bedroom = day Ruth be sit up in bed with a blue ribbon tie around she head , look beautiful . mama , papa , and idgie be gather around the bassinet look at the baby . mama here he be ... just look at that precious boy ... look at that , papa ... papa look . idgie ( to Ruth ) can I pick he up ? fgt ja March 19 , 1991 55 RUTH of course ... she do so gently . . papa careful ... idgie ( pick up baby ) hi little fellow . what 's he name ? RUTH well ... I discuss it with mama and - papa ... and I have like to call he buddy junior ... if it 's all right with you ... idgie stop rock the baby and be clearly move , try not . to cry . idgie ( look at Ruth ) yeah , that 's just fine with I . ( to ) hey there , little buddy ... buddy 's threadgocde ... yeah , that 's just fine ... she look back at Ruth and smile . mama tug at papa 's sleeve . mama with little buddy well , here now , papa , go on ... papa ( embarrassed ) well , now that you girl have this responsibility and idgie 's be want to open up a cafe ... well , we think -- mama ( blurt it out ) papa 's give you money to help you get a head start . idgie thanks , papa !! 94 ext . whistle stop - day idgie be painting " whistle stop Cafe " on a sign . Julian and Big George be carry a stove in while sipsey and Ruth watch , direct . sipsey be sweeping , Ruth be plant rise bush . 95 int . cafe - day fibber mcgee and molly be on the radio . the place be full of railroad man . idgie be serve a big table full of man , include grady , Pete , wilbur , and Julian . ae wr aa be lil 56 a stranger come in the door and nervously walk up to idgie . he be wear a wear - out dirty jacket , fray brown shirt and crack leather laceless shoe . his name be smokey lonesome . smokey miss , you would not happen to know where you could buy a pint in this town ? idgie you mean liquor ? we can not sell that stuff here , but yo. go straight up that street to that green house that say scroggin -- he will sell you some . and do not let he tell you he 's really a preacher -- that 's just he cover . julian yes , sir , he 's get the best stuff in the state of Alabama . smokey ( head out the door ) thanks ! ! he head across the street to reverend scroggin 's place . everyone in the Cafe watch as scroggin react with fury . the cafe boy laugh and smile . julian ( howling ) that 's the tenth time you have do that . it work every time . can I have another plate of that tomato ? RUTH ( give he a plate , then to tidgie ) I do not know why you torture that poor reverend so . ( to idgie ) just keep in mind that I have to go to church there . 95a ext . whistle stop cafe - day 9 : smokey walk away from the reverend disappointed with the result . he walk right past a pickup truck in which sit one Frank bennett . Frank watch smokey head back to the cafe . he see Big George chopping wood and then idgie come out to the door to greet the smokey . Frank shake he head . she 's the one . a train pass by obscure he view . 95b int . whistle stop cafe - day 9 smokey return to the door of the cafe . fee os one ert it smokey Excuse I , mar ‘am , I be wonder if you have a odd job , or something - I might do . I have have a run of some bad luck , lately . | l ~~ idgie '' ++- come on in , fella . I think we can t find something for you . what 's you name ? | smokey smokey , mar ’am , my friend call I smokey lonesone . ' idgie well Ruth , this here 's smokey and he 's gonna be do some work for we . : RUTH . : that 's fine . Nice to meet you . why do not you go in there and freshen up and } : then come have a bite to eat . smokey | thank you mar ‘am . | 95c int . bathroom - day smokey grab a big bar of brown oxydol soap , stare at it ' quizzically for a moment . he have not exactly be acquainted ~~ with soap for quite a while now . he turn on the water and slowly start to clean himself . 95d int . cafe - day sipsey come to the door drying she hand on apron . sipsey miz Ruth , there 's a color boy that 's ask to speak with you . Ruth pick up a tray of coke and go out the backdoor . 4 96 ext . backyard ~ day 1 the yard be full of black man at a table enjoy barbecue . Ruth be serve they coke . 97 int cafe - day sheriff grady kilgore be at the window watch Ruth outside . grady walk over to idgie and speak intently . grady | now idgie , I be try to warn you as a ~~ friend . I be not say who , but there 's some people in town that do not like you sell to color folk . fgt ja March 19 , 1991 5 a idgie well , grady , tell you what . the next time that " some people " come in here , I 'il ask ’em if they do not want anybody to know who they be under that sheet , when they go march around in one of that stupid parade you boy have , why do not they have enough sense to change they shoe ? grady ( upset ) now wait a minute , idgie . idgie oh hell , grady , y’all be not fool anybody . why , I have recognize that size fourteen clodhopper you get anywhere . grady look down at he foot . Ruth re-enter and join then , give grady a disarming smile . RUTH would you like some more pie , grady ? grady no thanks , Ruth . . . ( to idgie ) I will talk to the boy . sut , you make pure you keep they at the back door , you ear grady get up to leave . grady bye , Ruth . . she wave goodbye to grady . sipsey come in bring clean silverware as grady exit the cafe . smokey walk out of the bathroom clean up considerably , with numerous bloody nick from shave . he sit down and Ruth serve he a feast . consist of fry chicken , black - eye peas , turnip green , fry green tomato , cornbread and iced tea . ' smokey be overwhelm . he look at Ruth like she 's the ( real ) madonna . big GEORGE you gonna get yourself in a whole bunch of trouble . idgie he 's harmless . when he own daddy die , he do not shed one tear , but when he find out the old color man who raise he have pass away , he get drunk and sit down at the river for three day cry like a baby . remember , sipsey ? fgt ja March 19 , 1991 sipsey yes be , but he be not jokin’ now . idgie , he will not sit in the same room and have ao @ meal today ... i sipsey it sure do not make sense . Big ol 's man like sheriff grady scared of ait ' next to a color child . but ‘ie eat egg , come right out of a chicken 's ass . Ruth and idgie laugh until they notice smokey struggle with he food . his hand shake so badly that finally he spill a mouthful on he lap , idgie put she hand out to Ruth . , idgie smokey , come on , let 's take a walk . 97a ext . cafe = day idgie and smokey . smokey I be sorry about spilling my food in there , mar ’am ... i° 11 just head on . idgie reach in she apron and hand he a half - pint of 01d Joe ~~ whiskey . . smokey God bless you for a saint , mar ‘am . I have be on the rail for a long time and I have see a lot of most everything ' cept kindness . 97b int . cafe - day Ruth watch as smokey and idgie sit down on a log and talk . 98 int . back of cafe - night Ruth be adjust cover on the baby 's bed . she have a bottle in hand . she take a blanket off of she bed and head outside . 98a int . shack out back Ruth see smokey sleep and gently put a blanket over he | body . he turn and look at she . she be illuminate only by : _ the amber glow of a kerosene light . : smokey '' ~ God bless you mar / an. of fgt ja March 19 , 1991 99 int . cafe - night the place be empty except for sipsey who be sweeping and grady , the lone straggler , who be sit at a table chomping on a toothpick , stack up poker chip ... idgie be try to diaper the baby ... amos and andy be hear on the radio ... : idgie funny how that boy always have to run home to they wife ... especially when they be lose ... sipsey , this diaper be always slip off he leg . sipsey do not they learn you nothin’ at home ? 100 p.o.v. through window we see a black pickup truck with about six man in klu klux klan white hood and sheet riding on the sideboard as they pull up and stop across from the cafe . they get out , and one by one , light torch and line up across from the cafe as three more truck with more man drive up . they carry a sign that say " beware of the invisible Empire . the torch and the rope be hungry " . 101 int . cafe = night as the light from the torch flare in the black night , sipsey look up and see they first ... sipsey oh ... Lord ... here they be ... I know it ... I just know it ... idgie ( at the counter ) what be it ? idgie walk over and look out . idgie aw shit ! 102 ext . night a group of man stand there . grady get up and go over to the window and look out , still pick he tooth . we see two more truck pull up as the sound of car door slamm and man shouting get louder and louder . idgie ( angrily to grady ) goddamn you , grady ... I ought to kick you butt ... 60 fgt ja March 19 , 1991 grady be still pick he tooth and lock at the man calmly . grady that be not we boy ... idgie then who the hell be they ? grady ( get hat off rack ) I do not know , but that 's what I / n gonna damn well find out . they gather around Big George menacingly . idgie see this and she 's out of there like a shot . 103 ext . cafe + night grady head over to the robe group of man with idgie in close Pursuit . Big George have a shotgun in he mouth and two man be wrapping a rope around he body . idgie let go of hin . grady tdgie , let I handle this . idgie let go of he you hear ? he 's my hire man and he be not do nothin’ to nobody . grady have to physically restrain tdgie from get into a altercation . : hooded man we see how you treat you nigger here and we do not like it . grady well I be the law in this part . now let that man go . Pete tidwell and Charlie weem and about three or four more man from the town come around the corner and just quietly stand on the corner watch . the hood man glance over at then . hooded man let he go for now . idgie go to he undoe the rope and escort he out of there as grady continue he conversation . grady it seem I do not recognize any of you . you all be not from whistle stop be you ? 61 fgt ja March 19 , 1991 62 104 int . back of cafe , sitting room Ruth have just finish close the door to the cafe behind she . sipsey be roll down the shade . sipsey I tell miz idgie this be gonna happen , but she do not listen to I ... Ruth head for the back room . as she enter the room , she stop dead in she track terrify . stand in the back room be a hood figure who have come in the back door . he just stand there ... he eye burn a hole through she . sipsey come through the door and stop ... dead . sipsey ( gasp ) oh , Lord ... RUTH ( regain she voice ) who be you ? what do you want ? the hood figure 's eye dart around the roon as if he be look for something . : hooded figure where 's the baby ? Ruth hear he voice , look down at he black shiny boot . / RUTH ( realize who he be ) ! he spot the baby in bed and take a step forward toward hin . Ruth run over and get the baby as sipsey poke the broom she still have with she in Frank 's direction . : sipsey ( like he be a cat ) seat you ... I be not afraid of no white robe man ... no sir ...scat ... 2 RUTH : get out of here ! leave we alone ... frank ( sarcastically ) oh , come on now , Ruth ... you would not deny a father the right to see he own son now , would you ? he take another step forward . fgt ja March 19 , 1991 sipsey ( poke broom again ) stay back . 's frank 1 it 's my boy , be not it ? } smokey lonesome appear at the door . smo '' zy } everything all right , mar ‘am ? RUTH ' we quest be just leave . another hood man with a torch bang on the window and motion for Frank to come on . we hear the sound of truck start up and drive around the cafe ... blow horn . man at window ( in a muffle voice ) come on ... we be headin out .!!! be frantic this time -- bang again ... motion for Frank to come . Frank look at Ruth . : frank I will be back ... and then , you and the | Frank stand there look at the baby ... the man at the window | baby 's 11l be back . ' he leave . smokey stare at Ruth shaking in he boot and he start to go too . RUTH , thank you , smokey . you do not have to go . . 's smokey ' you be welcome ma‘am , but I have the } change my breech . ' : 's 105 int . cafe Big George be catch he breath as idgie put a dress on he wound . he leave . ' ' big GEORGE I have get to thank you , idgie . ! idgie | oh forget it . you have a do the sane for ne. ( grady enter as Big George exit ) | who the hell be that asshole ? fgl ja March 19 , 1992 grady ( nonchalantly ) they be just a bunch of ol 's Georgia boy out to throw a little scare in you . one of they be over here the other day for something or other and see you be sell food to the colored , and think he no try to shake you up a little bit , that 's all . idgie how have you get they to leave ? grady I just tell they that we sure as hell do not need anybody from Georgia come over here tell we what we can or cannot do ... they will not be back I can guaran- goddamn - tee you that ..: see you in the morning . 106 int . back of cafe idgie walk to back room . she see Ruth 's face . idgie what 's wrong ? RUTH ( clutching the baby to she ) it be Frank . he see the baby . idgie be you sure it be he ? ri ( frantic ) '' yes , I be sure . idgie do not you worry . if he 's dumb enough to come back here , grady and the Alabama boy will take care of he . and if they do not , I will . RUTH tdgie ... I do not want you take any chance promise not you will not do anything crazy ... no matter what . idgie me? not I ... 64 fgt ja March 19 , 1991 65 107 int . school auditorium , whistle stop - night stage banner : 1932 annual christmas folly the whole town be jamme in . idgie and grady be on stage . grady be in a dress , idgie in tail and a top hat . Essie rue be on the piano . grady one thing a woman expect when she marries be sympathy . idgie well , have not you get it since you marry I ? grady yes , I sure have . prom the whole town . laughter and applause . they come off the stage . 107a , B , C ext . whistle stop cafe back - night 107a , Pov of a truck drive up near cafe . Pov of someone head to the back of the cafe . Pov of a dog come at camera get wallop on the head by a club . Pov hand reach out for the doorknob . 108 int . backstage we see Big George come through the backstage crowd , sweat . he go up to idgie and whisper something then turn and idgie follow he . tdgie and Big George run , various shot . Pov inside cafe as camera find the baby and lift he out of frame . tight on idgie and Big George run as the sound of a approach train get louder . Pov of camera head back to pick - up truck . 109 ext . back of cafe -- cold bleak day tight shot of a axe go through a rib . repeat . the axe slashes through another then another until we reveal it 's Big George slice for a barbecue . he drop the rib ina a big black pot that dangle over a open flame . his little daughter , naughty bird , 5 , be stand with he as grady kilgore and a stranger walk up . 110 omit 110 1 111 ext . back of cafe grady take a photo out of he vest pocket . fgt ja March 19 , 1991 66 grady you see this man around here in the - last couple of day ? Big George look at it . 112 tight -~- photo of frank bennett big GEORGE no sir , I sure be not . grady hmmm ... you sure ? big GEORGE yes sir . grady ( put picture back in pocket ) well , when we gonna get we some of that barbecue ? big GEORGE in a few minute , sir -- yes sir . 112a int . kitchen - day il sipsey walk in and see idgie and Ruth in separate corner laugh they head off and cover with water and food . sipsey what be goin 's on here ? idgie she try to teach I how to cook . idgie laugh as if it 's the funniest thing in the world as do Ruth . sipsey just stare at this two . RUTH taste this fry green tomato . sipsey ( she taste they ) this do not taste like you cookin’ miss Ruth . idgie I can not cook ... at all . too much pepper , the crust fall off . because Ruth give I the wrong recipe . she cackle even louder as she try to stand up and can not . idgie throw a egg at Ruth who niraculously catch it . RUTH you be a -- truce ... se ee ar ne it 67 sipsey Mr. grady be in the cafe with some strange lookin’ mens . . idgie nothing new about that . Ruth stand and throw a green tomato at idgie who juggle it with two salt shaker . idgie - go to see grady . 113 . int . cafe grady walk over the idgie . Ruth join then . idgie hi there . what can I do for you boy ? grady idgie , this here 's Officer curtis smoote . he 's over here from Georgia leok for a fella . ( show she the picture ) do you recognize hin ? tdgie look at Ruth , then . idgie naw . RUTH that 's my husband , but I have not see hin in some time . idgie . I hear he get run over by a brink armore truck . what 's he do ? curtis smoote be a weasel - look man with a tight high voice . curtis nothing we know of . we be try to find out what 's be do to he . he tell he hire man he be come over to see he wife and baby and he be not > " never show up back home . grady Hell , I keep tell ‘em if he show up in this town , we have all know . . ( leok at the photo ) he look kind of sissify if you ask I ? from what I hear , most of you hoy from Georgia be a little light on you foot . that 's the way I hear it . fgt ja March 19 , 1991 RUTH I do not suppose I could interest you in some pie ? smoote no , but that barbecue smell mighty fine . grady best damn barbecue in the state . 114 int . cafe - late afternoon curtis be sit alone by the window . Music be on the radio . smokey lonesome be do the dish . idgie ( walk over to the table with a sandwich ) here you go . that 's the fourth one today . I swear you be about to eat up all ny barbecue . curtis ( indicate chair ) sit down . . idgie do so . curtis lean across the table menacingly . curtis you nre not fool I , girlie girl . 1 know who you be . I hear from bennett 's hire man that you threaten to kill Frank bennett . ( he take a sip of he drink , he eye never leave idgie ) now , he be not show up dead , yet , but if he do , you gonna be in a whole mess eof trouble . you understand ? what we be talkin’ about here be murder , run afoul of the law . nobody get away with that . not even you bunch of Alabama smart aleck ... idgie be listen . curtis ( cont 'd ) and if I find so much as a hair of he , T will arrest you faster than you can slap a tick ... 's cause I be the law and you can not beat the law . 115 int . back room = day idgie be hold the baby over she head play with it . the baby be laugh . 68 fgt ja March 19 , 1991 ( upset ) tell I what he say . idgie I tell you . he say that - be the best damn barbecue he ever have . RUTH that 's all ? idgie no . RUTH what else ? idgie Said the pie be pretty good , too . 116 ext . big GEORGE 's house ~ troutville - day curtis smoote be park outside Big George 's house lean against he car . his wife onzell be on the porch watch . naughty Bird be hang on Big George , who be at the car look at a picture . smoote you be sure you never zeen this man , boy ? big GEORGE ( sighing ) no sir . I do tell you over and over I be not never see this man . smccte you would do anything for miz idgie , would not you ? : big GEORGE yes sir , smoote would you kill for she ? do you kill for she ? big GEORGE no sir . smoote uh huh . well , maybe one of this day you tell the truth . ( he get in car and start it ) just remember - - we hang lie nigger just as fast in Georgia as they do here . fgt ja March 19 , 1991 70 big GEORGE yes sir . I remember . idgie watch from the distance . 117 int . whistle stop cafe - night Ruth be sit by the table . one light be on . she be read . there be a loud cry from the beck of the cafe . she get up and hurry to the back . buddy be cry . she pick he up and bring he into cafe and fix he a bottle . 118 ext . big george house - later that night idgie be talk to Big George then wave goodbye and walk away into the windy night . 119 int . whistle stop cafe ~ night Ruth still rock buddy in she arm , but now he be sleep . a shutter slam against the wall , startling Ruth . she walk over and latch it shut . she stare another window and watch the tree sway in the breeze . she go to the front door and lock it . she sit back down with buddy as the sound of a approach train fill the air . idgie what be you do up ? Ruth nearly hit the ceiling . idgie be cover with mud . idgie be you okay ? RUTH no ... you scared I out of my wit . what in God 's name be go on . . . idgie beat I ? RUTH ... Area you stay here to protect buddy and I ? idgie no ... RUTH then , why have not you get marry ? idgie what 's get into you ? RUTH be it because of I ? be I be selfish and keep you from start you own family ? ful ja maren 13 , 277 k 72 idgie no. . . it 's net you fault . ( this be hard for idgie ) I have just never meet a guy who make I feel comfortable like you do , most of the time anyway . why the question ? you try to get rid of I ? RUTH = I have this dream the other night . 1 ~ dreamt that buddy be go . I wake up , run to he crib and there he be , sleep like a angel . I pray and thank God for buddy . I remember have the same reaction after Frank would beat I , thanking the Lord for give I the strength to take it . and I remember thanking the Lord for each day my mother live even when she be spitting up blood and cry for I to kill she ... I look at my mother 's eye plead with I to help she and all I could do be pray . ( to idgie ) when you be go , as I be hold buddy I think , if that bastard Frank bennett ever try to take my child away , I will not pray , I x11 kill hin . idgie Ruth you do not have to worry about Frank bennett anymore . RUTH how can you say that ? it 's he child too . he will not give up on he blood ... I should take buddy and get far away from here ... idgie I be only go to tell you this one time . Frank bennett will not be bother you no more . that 's it . you understand ? RUTH +«e do you kill he ? idgie no . ° ( see Ruth do not believe she ) you do not believe I , do you ? RUTH right now , I do not know what to believe . fgt ja March 19 , 1991 pr idgie believe I when I tell you that I do not want you to move out . Ruth look at idgie try to comprehend this woman . 119a int . rose hill nursing home - day Evelyn be munch on ninny 's crackerjack , entrance . ninny and Ruth never do leave . 120 ext . piggly wiggly parking lot - day - present it be Saturday and it be jamme . Evelyn drive up and down , leck without luck for a parking space . then , she stop behind a elderly man who be very slowly unload he grocery into the trunk of he car . she pull over and turn on she indicator , clearly wait and out of the way . the old man take forever to finish . 121 int . car Evelyn tap she nail on the steering wheel . evelyn . come on . I do not have forever . let 's go . fgt ja March 19 , 1991 73 122 ext . parking lot the elderly man find he key in he leave pants pocket and finally get into he car . Evelyn put she car into gear . evelyn finally . the old man back out carefully , toward Evelyn . once ti.s nose of he car be out of the parking place , a fade red vw rabbit convertible zip in the wrong way and park in the place . two skinny , gum - chew , teenage girl hop out of the of the vw which flaunt a bumper sticker that say , I brake for redneck and head past Evelyn toward the store . she lean out she window . evelyn Excuse I , but I be wait for that space . girl I ( grin ) yeah ? tough . girl ii ( laugh ) face it lady , we be young and faster . the other girl laugh and they walk on , full of the joyous arrogance of youth . Evelyn sit there for a moment on the verge of tear . then , she jaw tighten , she knuckle on the steering wheel tighten and she eye harden with the resolve of ... evelyn ( horse whisper ) towanda ! Evelyn gun she car and swing the wheel and smashes into the back of the surprised vw . a fender crumple . Evelyn back up and then smashes into the car again . the bumper drop off , two hubcap fly . the girl look back , stunne as Evelyn plow into the vw again , harder . the whole back end be crumble now . the back window splinter . one of the girl run towards the market yell . girl I help ! someone ... the other girl grab she arm and yank she toward the car . Evelyn 's arm be rigid , eye narrow , she stomp on the gas . her car leap forward . on impact , there be a trace of a smile on she face . the Girls arrive , frantic , bang on the top of Evelyn 's car , furious . girl ii what be you do ? be you crazy ? stop ! fgt ja March 19 , 1991 74 Evelyn smile she clint eastwood smile . evelyn face it honey , I be older and I have more insurance . 123 int . rose hill nursing home - day Evelyn be come down the hall carry a large bag of carrot . janeen be pusn a gurney pile full of laundry . Evelyn see it , panic , and throw herself back up against the wall , terrify . as janeen go by , she glance up at Evelyn and say : janeen it 's okay honey . it 's just laundry . evelyn ( smile ) thank God , you scared I to death . they walk down the hall together . 124 int . rose hill lobby Evelyn be plow through she bag of carrot . she be highly agitate . ninny be worried . evelyn I never get mad , Mrs. threadgoode . never . the way I be raise , it be bad manners . well , I get mad and it feel terrific ! I feel like I could beat the shit out of that punk , excuse my language , beat they to a pulp , beat they till they begge for mercy ... with a wild laugh , Evelyn thrust a fist into the air . evelyn towanda , the avenger ! after I wipe out the punk of this world , I / 11l take on the wife beater , and machine gun they genitals . put little bomb in penthouse and playboy so they explode when you open then . ( laugh ) towanda will go on the rampage ! ( get more excited ) then , I x11 ban all fashion model weigh less than one hundred thirty pound , give half the military budget to people over sixty - five , and decree wrinkle sexually desirable . she thrust she fist into the air . fgt ja March 28 , 1991 ninny look evelyn towanda , righter of wrong , queen without compare ! bewilder , ninny how many of then hormone be you take , honey ? 125 ° inz . coucH house - pay dinner be on the table , but Evelyn be not sit . her place be already go and Ed 's meal wait for he . Evelyn be run in place in she sweat ona little trampoline . eq walk to the table . ed what I can not unde : stand be how you could hit someone six time by accident , evelyn oh , Ed , do not make a big deal about it . he taste he Supper and almost spit it out , - what be this ? evelyn it 's a low cholesterol meal . ed be you try to kill I ? evelyn if I be go to kill you , I have use ny hand . Ed stare at she in total disbelief as she continue jogging and a baby Ruth fall out of the pouch of she sweatshirt . 126 int . ro ninny be sea Evelyn walk SE hill nursing home - day nted by a window , a light rain be fall outside as down a long corridor towards she . ninny I be worried about my little friend , Evelyn . she say she husband , Ed , will just be sit arouna watch he Sports on tv and she have a urge to just hit he in the head with a baseball bat . '' janeen Hell , that seem normal to I . fgt ja March 19 , 1991 76 Evelyn jog into the room and ninny get up . Evelyn hand she a package of hard candy . ninny -~ why thank you , Evelyn . evelyn '' you be welcome , Mrs. threadgoode . but , you have to tell I something . do idgie murder Frank bennett or not ? well , hold you horse , sweetheart . where be we ? ( whisper to she ) : you do not kill Ed , now , do you ? evelyn ninny 1 ' no . ' '' . ninny : good . anyway , six year have pass | since bennett disappear , and curtis ' smoote be still hunt and peck . 127 ' ext . whistle stop railroad track - day - 1938 the kid be swinging from a rope that cross the railroad track and jump off when they get to the other side , just as | buddy and idgie do many year before . naughty Bird , Big i George 's daughter , say something to the boy and they stop ' play they game . curtis smoote walk by , see Big George work on a car nearby . . 128 int . whistle stop cafe = day idgie , smokey lonesome and grady be all sit around the ' table have a good time , while sipsey be dusting off a painting of the last Supper while Ruth look on . sipsey who 's that sit up there with Mr. Jesus ? RUTH '' why sipsey , they be the brethren . i sipsey I think miz Mary just have one boy . 1 idgie try to suppress a laugh as Ruth realize sipsey 's teasing . curtis smoote enter the cafe and glare ominously over at idgie . fgt ja March 19 , 1991 idgie sipsey tell the story how you get Big George off of the train cause he nother be head back to see she husband who would be in jail for the past three year and she do not think he cotton to kindly the she be with child . sipsey that 's the whole story , out I tell you the one about the woman who be have trouble give birth so I give she a teaspoon of snuff and she sneeze so hard that she shot the baby clear across the end of the bed into the other room . grady sipsey you be a founding member of the liar 's Club . idgie you ought to change you name trom kilgore to killjoy . smokey , tell we one of yours . a train whistle be hear and then brake squealing . sipsey oh Lord , no . RUTH naughty Bird 's with the boy ? they all run out of the cafe 129 omit 125 om 130 ext . train track - day from this distance , we see a crowd be gather . the train have stop . the rope be swinging aimlessly above the track . naughty Bird 's be on she knee , hysterically ery . Ruth approach the crowd and they part . she let out a scream when she see buddy cover with blood . a car drive up to the accident site , idgie pick up buddy , he arm have be maul , she carry a moan buddy Jr. to the car with the help of smokey lonesome . idgie you gotta stop the bleed , Ruth . she put she skirt tightly against he arn . buddy JR . be I gonna die ? idgie not today . fgt ja March i» , 1991 Big George open the car deor and they place buddy Jr. inside and then speed off towards the 131 ext . hospital the car careen to a halt a the car until a gurney be Jr. be place on the hospital . a Big George carry buddy Jr. from wheeled outside to meet then . buddy gurney and hustle into the hospital . Ruth and ideis run into the building while Big George follow , but a orderly stop Big George at the door . Big George watch buddy , I be sorry . orderly you 'il have to wait outside . no colored allow . hospital . he walk around to still cover with blood . 131a later same location Big George still wait . beside hin . Ruth and idgie vanish into the a low wall and sit , he hand idgie exit the hospital and sit idgie - ( mutter ) make it okay .... make it okay . you can do whatever you want with I , but just make it okay , and make Ruth okay too , please . amen . big GEORGE 132 ext . back of cafe - tight on tombstone that read : idgie , a bunch of kid , gather around , a Eagle here lie buddy Jr. 's arn 1932-1937 so leng old pal . black and white , and a goat be scout be play " tap . " buddy Jr. and idgie , in old arny hat , be stand at attention . buddy Jr. be salute with he righ 's be miss above the elbow . t Ruth be praying and stop . arm . we see that the leave one RUTH I can understand have a funeral for a arm , but I do not know why she insist on call he stump . sipsey she say that e@veryone 's gonna call hin that anyway , first . we might as well be the 78 fgt ja March 19 , 1991 79 idgie Ice cream and cake for everyone , in the cafe . idgie walk up to Ruth , put she arm around she and watch as buddy and the rest of the town 's kid head to the cafe for dessert . RUTH my daddy use to say there 's a separate God for child . idgie squeeze Ruth 's shoulder . ninny ( v.0 . ) the good Lord be watch over stump that day , but then grady find Frank bennett 's truck . idgie and Big George go on trial and I just know idgie have never get out of this mess . 133 ext . riverbank - whistle stop - 1938 again 1 a black truck be pull out of the river . it be rusted and wear . tight on a Georgia plate . a sheriff 's car roll toa halt and out walk grady kilgore . he stare at the license plate and confer with he deputy . he be not happy . 134 ext . courthouse , valdosta , georgia = day - december 1938 1 a small Southern courthouse sit proudly on Main Street . 135 int . valdosta courthouse - pay - december 1938 L . High panell ceiling and varnish oak grace the roon . Ruth and grady be seat in the first row . tdagie be on the stand be question by the prosecutor , a heavy - set , profusely sweat man with wavy hair , a gold watch chain across he vest and a unctuous manner . prosecutor do you know Frank bennett ? idgie no , sir . murmuring from the crowd . the prosecutor look at she severely . prosecutor you mean to tell I you never meet the man whose wife , Ruth , be you business partner ? idgie that 's right . fgt ja March 19 , 1991 8c scatter laughter . the judge glare around and bang he gavel . more laughter . head and look prosecutor you never threaten to kill Frank bennett at he home in front of he hire man in August of nineteen twenty eight ? the same Frank bennett you do not know ? idgie oh that be I all right . 1 think you want to know if we have ever meet , the answer be no . I threaten to kill hin , but we be never , what you might say , properly intreduce . prosecutor be it not true that you come to valdosta in September of nineteen twenty eight and take Frank bennett 's wife and child back to alabana with you ? idgie just the wife . the child cane later . : prosecutor how much later ? idgie the usual . nine month . the prosecutor be red face . Ruth shake she at grady who be smile . i in deference to Ruth , he stop . the judge bang he gavel . prosecutor be it true you speak against Frank bennett to he wite and make she believe he be not fit as a husband ? idgie no , sir . she already know that for a fact . laughter . the prosecutor glare at the judge who shrug . Ruth look down , embarrassed by all this talk prosecutor I suggest that you bribe this poor weak woman with promise of money and liquor , and that she lose control of she sense momentarily , and when she husband cane back to get she and take she hone , you and you color man murder he in cold blocd . fgt ja March 19 , 1991 81 idgie no , sir . prosecutor . ( scream ) where be you on the night of December thirteenth , nineteen twenty nine ?!!! sweat have curl idgie 's hai~ . she take out a handkerchief and wipe she face . idgie at the town hall , do a show . prosecutor and after ? idgie over at my mother 's house . prosecutor oh yes ? whe be with you ? idgie - um ... just Big George and nyself . prosecutor what about you mother ? can she confirm that ? idgie no , sir . she die a year ago . prosecutor ( twirl he watch chain and tilt up on he toe , address the jury ) so , miss threadgoode , you expect twelve intelligent man to beliave you , although one witness be dead and the other be a color man who be know to be a worthless , no -good , lie nigger ? you be ask this man to take you word for it , just because you say so ? idgie that 's right , you gump - face , blown -up , baboon - assed bastard ! ! the room explode . the judge bang he gavel . judge one more outburst like that and 1/11 hold you in contempt of court . you understand ? idgie nod . Big George cover he face with he hand . Ruth and grady exchange worried look as Ruth comfort stump . fgt ja March 19 , 1991 82 tight on sipsey in the balcony who shake she head . sipsey oh Lord , she do it this time . 136 int . courtroom - day Ruth be on the witness stand . prosecutor do you know you be pregnant at the time you leave valdosta ? RUTH yes . prosecutor and yet , you tell we over and@ over that you go with this woman willingly ? RUTH yes . I would not raise my child with Frank bennett . prosecutor but why ? do this woman promise you money ? RUTH no ... no . prosecutor ( sarcastic ) a bigger home ? RUTH ( with a smile ) no ... prosecutor then tell we Mrs. bennett , why would a respectable Christian woman go anywhere with this idgie threadgoode ? he point to idgie . the defender jump up . defender I object ! objection !!! prosecutor ( override ) whose reputation be know far and wide as a notorious liar and drunkard ? defender objection !! objection !!! fue a March 15 , 1991 @ oe judge sustain ... prosecutor why do you leave with tdgie threadgoode that day ???? 22 ? Ruth sit look at the prosecutor , but do not answer .... silence ... there be a hush in the courtroom . judge answer the question , Mrs. bennett , Ruth look at the judge and then at tdgie , whose eye be fix on Ruth . RUTH because she 's the best friend I ever have , and I love she . Ruth smile at idgie weakly . idgie look around kind of proud . prosecutor that ' will be all , Mrs. bennett ... the defense lawyer get up as Ruth take a seat behind idgie . defense lawyer the defense call , as its last witness , the reverend Herbert scroggin . idgie be surprised and turn around . reverend scroggin sweep up the aisle pompously and take the stand . there be a lot of mumble in the crowd . idgie lean over and whisper to Ruth . idgie I be go to miss you . thanks for all the good time . : bailiff place you right hand on the Bible please , reverend . scroggin pull out a Bible . a scroggins looe I bring my own , if you do not mind . bailiff do you swear to tell the whole truth and nothing but the truth ? scroggins T do . the defense lawyer pace back and forth . fgt ja March 19 , 1991 84 defense lawyer you have information about the whereabouts of idgie threadgocde and she color man , know as Big George , on the night of December thirteenth , nineteen twenty nine ? scroggins yes sir , I do . defense lawyer it 's be suggest here that she and she color man be over at she mother 's house . can you confirm that ? scroggins no sir . that be a lie . idgie ( under she breath ) oh shit . : scroggin open he personal Bible to the back . scroggins it 's be my habit to write down all the date of the activity of the Church in my Bible and I show that the night of December thirteenth , nineteen twenty nine be the start of we annual revival down at the Baptist campground . sister threadgoode be there along with she hire man , George pullman , who be in charge of the barbecue just as he have be every year for the last ten year . prosecutor objection ! this do not mean anything . the murder could have take place anytime in the next couple of day . scroggins have you ever be to one of we revival ? prosecutor well , no . scroggins ( to lawyer ) well , you should attend one then . ( to judge ) we revival last three day and three night , you honor . defense lawyer be you sure miss threadgoode be there ? fgt ja March 19 , 1991 scroggins ( offended ) of course , I be sure . - we think so much of sister threadgoode that several 's ~ member of we congregation have come over in a bus to testify on she behal . ih Eva bate with a purse and a flower hat and three or four other derelict from the River Club stand up and wave . the audience go wild . the judge give up bang he gavel . 1 there be noise , we put he finger to he lip and let out ' a ear-splitt whistle . both lawyer look over at hin , : startle . he beckon they to the bench . the judge address he remark to the prezecuter . judge percy , it do not look like you get a case at all . first of all , there 's no body . second , we get a preacher nobody 's gonna dispute . ; . prosecutor : but , you honor ... judge I be tell you , what you have get be a i whole lot of nothing . ' 1 say Frank bennett get himself drunk , drive into for the river , and be long ago eat up ~~ . and I do not give a goddamn ... what we . get we here be a case of accidental . death . case dismiss ! he bang he gavel , the crowd go wild . sipsey , naughty Bird 's and naughty Bird @ancing in the balcony . as reverend , scroggin leave the stand and pass idgie , he tip he hat to she . 1 scroggins : see you in church , sister . a '' idgie '' T can not believe it . he actually swore hy on the Bible ... ! RUTH | well ... not really . mf that judge have look close enough , he would have see 1 it be a copy of moby Dick ... | idgie ; but ... why do he do it ? | RUTH . wo for the sheer joy of see you in church again , which I suggest to he | would be you penance . fgt ja March 19 , 1991 idgie you do not promise he dia you ? RUTH I do and I never break my word , idgie if I live a thousand year , I 'il never forgive you for this . I do not know what 's worse , church or jail . 137 int . ninny 's room / nursing home - day - present tight on mary kay makeup kit Evelyn have ninny in a chair and be make she up . evelyn ( hand ninny a mirror ) there , do not you look pretty ? ninny ( delighted ) oh yes , honey . you be gonna have not look like Ginger Rogers before you / be do . do not let mister dunaway see I - ~he 's liable to go wild . ( Evelyn laugh ) I be so glad to see you in a better mood and you have slim down quite a the last few week . evelyn I be just so happy idgie and Big bit in George get off ... I would have kill Frank bennett , if I could have . ( calming herself down ) do anybody think she really do it ? ninny some say yes . some say no . of course nobody know for sure except for Frank bennett - and you know what they say , " Dead man tell no tale . " 138 int . couch home - day Evelyn be in the process of demolosh a wall . a crow bar in one hand and a small sledge in the she be hold other . she be enjoy the process immensely , aid by Beethoven 's ninth , which give she some real rhythm to she wreck . and see Evelyn bashing through some sheet rock . dumbfounded . what on Earth be you do ? Ed walk in Ed be be fgt ja March 19 , 1991 87 evelyn I need some light and air . ed why do not you step outside ? now stop this , right now . Evelyn take she sledge and smashes a two by four and it splinter to the ground . that 's she answer . Ed just shakas he head and turn toward the dinner table . ed no dinner either ? Evelyn just smile . Ed turn and walk right out of the house . evelyn Ed , do you ever wonder why I have be go to so many class for all this year . I have be try to save we marriage . ( Ed stop and stare at she ) what 's the point of my try , if you just sit on you butt drink beer and watch baseball ? I have be make a mistake , all right . instead of go to the complete woman class , I should have be go to karate . Evelyn pause for a moment and launch into another barrage of punish hammer blow , accompany by ludwig von B. 139 ext . rose hill nursing home a car with " Mary Kay " write on the side pull into the parking lot . Evelyn , dress in a bright pink dress with a forest green scarf flow behind she , get out carry a huge shopping bag and head for the door . everything about she be different , she stride , she figure -- she 's become quite attractive . 140 int . rose hill nursing home - day Evelyn be walk down the hallway towards ninny 's room . as she approach the aunt 's room , she hesitates as usual , but this time walk with dignity past the room . no projectile be hurl . as she get down the hall however , Mr. dunaway again come roll out of she room and have a non-fatal high speed collision with the wall . Evelyn stop and stare at he in awe . he 's fine and smile . evelyn why do you go back in there time after time ? mr . dunaway she 's so lively . fgt ja March 19 , 1991 he smile at Evelyn and she continue she journey . woman Mrs. couch ... Evelyn turn and see a middle age Black woman head towards she . " oman ( catch u , with she ) I be sue. Mrs. otis 's daughter - in-law . she 's wait in my car but I want to introduce myself to you . evelyn ( smile ) well , hello . how be you ? I have hear so much about you from mrs . threadgoode . sue she 's so sweet . she 's be look after my mother - in - law for year now . Mrs. threadgoode tell I you be do great with you new job ... she 's so proud of you ... evelyn ( pleased ) well , it be she idea you know . how be Mrs. otis do , by the way ? sue ( concerned ) oh much better , thank you . I guess it just take some time get use to a strange place ... evelyn well , I be glad to hear it . : I know Mrs. threadgoode have be anxious to get home for some time now ... sue - do she tell you that ? . evelyn yes . I think she 's mostly worried about she house . sue ( stop Evelyn ) Mrs. couch , Mrs. threadgoode do not have a house anymore . they tore that down . evelyn what ? fgt ja March 19 , 1991 8s sue they have to , it be fall apart and it .was condemn ... evelyn ( devastate ) oh no . do she know that ? sue no . we do not see any point in tell she . it would just break she heart ... poor old thing ... 141 int . ninny 's room ninny be asleep in she room , she dress inside out , the sun wash out what little color she have . she look transparent . Evelyn be hold a gift and stop in the doorway , realize suddenly how old she friend be . Evelyn enter the room and study the wall by ninny 's bed . it 's full of picture of sweetheart rose that have be cut out of magazine . ninny open she eye , smile , pat she hair , gather herself together . ninny oh , Evelyn , hello , do you like my rose ? since I can not get home to see my own rose , I make myself a paper garden . get everything but the bug . evelyn they be lovely . ninny nsuppress a yawn ) I can not hardly get to sleep early like everyone else here . I wait till I hear the ten-twenty train whistle head to Atlanta , or maybe I just think I hear it . it do not matter . I still do not go off until I do . have you be here long ? evelyn I just get here . I should not have wake you up . ninny of course you should have . do not you ever let I sleep through a visitor ' 's day , honey . I look forward to they all week . evelyn so do I , to tell you the truth , Mrs. threadgoode , so do I . you know , it 's funny , the people in whistle stop seem more real to I than my own life . I bring you something for you birthday . fgt ja March 19 , 1991 ninny open a box with a birthday cake in it and some try . green tomato that Evelyn make wrap - in a tin container . Evelyn start to hang party decoration all over the room . ninny I can not believe you remember and you make I fry green tomato . ( she taste one ) they be delicious . evelyn it 's you recipe . be they cold ? ninny no , they be just the way we use to eat they at the cafe . you could not be sweeter to I if you be my own daughter . you know , I do not feel eighty - three . it just sorta slip up on I . one day it seem I be a young woman run around and the next day I be just full of liver spot and walk like molass go up hill in winter . ( look at hand ) I just . never think I would live this long . of course , the Lord take we home when he want we . they say the good die young . ninny look off and we see she be tear up . evelyn be you all right ? ninny I be just think about Ruth . 142 ext . whistle stop cafe - day - 1939 the cafe be close . a sign out front say " close due to illness " . the paint be beginning to peel and the building be echoing the sentiment of the sign . ninny ( v.0 . ) after the trial be over , everything go back to normal until that spring when Ruth lose she appetite and when Dec hadley look at she , he say the cancer be so bad she only have a couple of week . we take she to the threadgoode house so she would be more comfortable and sipsey move in with she and never leave she side . 90 fgt ja March 19 , 1991 ext . threadgoode house - day 91 out around the back , the boy be in the midst of a raging baseball game . buddy Jr. , now age 7 , be the littlest one on he team . he be bat and he keep miss the pitch , swinging awkwardly with one arm . tim you be steppin’ in the bucket . stand in there . Tim pitch to he and buddy , Jr. step in the bucket and miss the pitch . peggy hadley , age 6 , be watch , concerned . peggy stop pick on stump , he 's only get one arm . I / be gonna tell you mama . she mean well , but buddy be completely humiliate by have a girl stick up for he and he strike out . 143 int . threadgoode house - RUTH 's room - day Ruth be in bed , quite obviously ill and in pain . sipsey walk over and sit with she when the dog run in and put he head on the bed . Ruth pat it . RUTH there 's my old pal . . . Lay down now . the dog do so by the side of the bed . sipsey just stare at Ruth . Ruth take a deep breath and look at sipsey . sipsey I think it 's time I get idgie . RUTH no . not right now . sipsey ( sipsey give she a long look ) nonsense . 1/11 go get she . RUTH I do not want she to see I like this . sipsey and you be a teacher all this year ? ( shake she head ) I 'il be back in a second . RUTH will you fix my hair please ? sipsey now you be make sense . fgt ja March 19 , 1992 int . another room - day idgie be stand by the window watch stump . sipsey walk ~~ up to she . sipsey miss Ruth want you . +.. why you lookin’ at I like that , chila ? idgie I do not know if I can do it . sipsey do what ? you have be with she for year . what 's a matter with you child ? idgie what if I just start to cry ? sipsey you will not . you will be strong , girl . : you will go in there and make she feel '' warn . idgie ( nedd , then to herself ) can not I just have she pain ? ao idgie walk out of the room and sipsey slowly follow . int RUTH 's room - day idgie walk in and sit next to Ruth . : ' RUTH ' idgie ... idgie T know . 1/11 make sure he graduate no matter what and I will not let he out of 1 : my sight . . RUTH yes , yes . but teach he to run like : you do and ask question and above all 1 be free . and , idgie , do not let he come to the funeral . I do not want he ' go through that . idgie oh , for God 's sake . what funeral ? will you stop talk like that ? you } gonna be hack on you foot feel just o~ fine in a few day . you wait and see . RUTH oh , idgie I be scared . fgt ja March 19 , 1991 idgie ( try to control herself ) ' : just hold my hand . do you want I to on read to you ? I bring some of that poetry you like , wordsworth . | : RUTH 1 ( smile weakly ) now you want to read . oh idgie , just hold my hand . ' idgie Ruth , I want to apologize for be so difficult ... RUTH ' that 's a lot of what I like about you . . you be so ...s0...unique. , ( she moan ) . : I do not know how much longer I can take this . I remember read job when I be } a little girl and not understanding what 1 the purpose of he suffer be . idgie ! maybe God would have tell we if he want we to know . ~ RUTH I idgie threadgoode , do I hear you correctly ? do you say that cod have he reason ? " idgie ( defensively ) ) maybe he do . i Ruth start to laugh . idgie look at she quizzically for a ' second and then she start to laugh to , until they be both at it pretty good , when sipsey peak in the door and stare '' incredulously . then buddy walk in , he head be down . he go '' and sit in the corner . it look like he might have be ery and there 's blood all down he shirt and under he nose . { ! RUTH ! honey , what ' 's the matter ...? ' buddy , nothing . clearly something be wrong . Ruth look at idgie for help . 's idgie ~ you mother ask you a question , now answer she . buddy can not say anything . he 's on the verge of tear . ' i : ' ' buddy I can not bat worth a dime . for can not catch . idgie exchange a look with Ruth . tdgie get she coat and go and put she arm around hin . idgie let 's go . you be come with not , nister . let 's get you coat . Ruth wave as idgie and buddy leave the room . 144 ext . river club - day idgie take stump out of she truck and they knock on the door . Eva show up . eva what can I do for you ? idgie two beer , right away . later same location idgie be drink both beer . stump be watch she drink . she be hold a baseball on she lap . idgie do you get into a fight ? stump I get punch in thi ose . I can not play like everyone else . idgie do I ever tell you the story about the oyster , all the million of then just lie around ? stump and God put sand in one and then it make a pearl ? idgie oh ... do I ever tell you about Eva 's three legge dog ? stump how it never feel sorry for itself and how I ought to be smarter than a dumb dog and not feel sorry for myself ? : idgie you listen to everything I say , do not you ? 94 fgt ja March 19 , 1991 95 . stump you get real mad when I do not . idgie well you know about mama ? stump she ' 's sick . idgie well now 's a time for courage , like the time Big George . do I ever tell you ... stump when he save you from the wild hog ? idgie they be not wild , but they be hog and he be brave . ( beat ) then you probably know that there be angel masquerade as people and walk this planet and you mom be the bravest one of that . stump choke up a. little then nod and then put he arm around tdgie 's neck , nestle she and try not to cry . idgie so what do you say that you and I practice some hit ? stump I have like that . 145 int . RUTH 's room - day buddy run into the room . Ruth open she eye and smile weakly . buddy mama , I can hit . you should see I . and aunt idgie hit I in the back with a curve ball but I do not duck and I hardly cry . RUTH she hit you ? ( give idgie a look ) well she do that to I once , too , but I think I do ery . buddy mama , I be sorry if you be sad . RUTH give I a big kiss and I x11 never be sad again . fgt ja March 19 , 1991 96 buddy kiss she . a pause . RUTH »+e and do not you be sad either , promise ? buddy promise . he line out of the room . she wince in pain . RUTH sipsey . . . sipsey hold on , honey . I be here . do not you worry . sipsey hold up the needle in the sunlight , fill it full . sipsey no mar ’am , my Jesus be a sweet Jesus . he never mean for one of he baby to suffer so . no mar an . idgie can not watch . she go to the window and see a group of black man and woman stand on the front lawn . idgie sit on Ruth 's bed . Ruth open she eye . there be a long silence . see the heartbreak in idgie 's eye , Ruth try to make it easier . idgie be you sure you do not want I to read you anything ? RUTH yes . will you do one thing for I ? idgie what ? RUTH be good to yourself , even settle down if you find someone who can beat you in poker . idgie can not take it and have to walk away from Ruth . idgie Ruth , there be so many thing I should to tell you . RUTH the past be past . ( beat ) I love you storey . ... tell I a story idgie ... fgt ja March 19 , 1991 97 idgie try to speak , but for the first time since anyone 's know she , nothing come out . Ruth can not help but notice and lose she composure a little as she see tear form in idgie 's eye . ' . RUTH come on you old bee charmer , tell I a good tall tale . idgie try again , but can not pull herself together . RUTH tell I about the lake . idgie what lake ? RUTH the one that use to be here . idgie oh ... that be nothing but a lie . RUTH ( smile ) I know , but tell I anyway . Ruth close she eye . idgie stare at she for a moment . RUTH tell I the story . idgie ( with great difficulty ) well .. one time there be this great big ol 's lake right outside of town . ( pause ) oh , we use to swim and fish and go canoe in it and then one day in November , this big flock of duck , oh about forty or more land right smack in the middle of that lake and while they be sit there the temperature drop so fast the whole lake froze . there be sing from outside . idgie ... and the next thing we know , they have fly off , and to this day that lake be somewhere over in Georgia . idgie sob and put she head down on the side of the bed still hold Ruth 's hand . sipsey walk in and look at idgie and Ruth . she quietly stop the clock and cover the mirror with a shawl . she go over to idgie , who be still sobbing like she heart will break . oes ere er es oe eee 9 sipsey it 's all right , honey . let she go . miz Ruth be a lady , and a lady always know when it 's time to leave . 146 ext . cemetery - day Ruth be be bury . a large crowd be present . scroggin be preaching . idgie and stump be not present . csmera pan and pan and pan until we find they in a neighboriny field , toss a baseball back and forth , Ruth 's request satisfied . 147 ext . rose hill nursing home - fall day - present Evelyn and ninny be sit on the porch ; tear be stream down Evelyn 's face . a flock of bird fly by in the fall sky . ninny shade she eye and look up and watch they fade into the horizon . ninny v.0 . it 's funny how strong Ruth affect everyone . even smokey lonesome . when he die a few year back , he have one possession on he , a picture of Ruth . I think it be the only thing smokey ever steal . he be in love with she from the first time he see she . oh look at the bird ... I should not have tell you this . evelyn I hate death . it scare I so . ninny ( hold she hand ) I would not be so frighten of death if I be you , I have be more scared drive in rush hour traffic . 148 ext . U. of alabama - graduation exercise ~- 1953 the camera track slowly past very polished and highly fashionable do shoe . a pair of black wing tip , then white pump , black dress shoe , then white pump , and so forth as we hear off screen the name of the graduate be announce . the camera arrive at stockinge bare foot with shoe nearby lean on one another . the camera track up the leg revealing a run in the stock until a white dress come in view and finally idgie in a large hat , seat , try not to fidget . the camera pull back revealing grady next to she with cleo and sipsey and Big George , Dr. hadley and he daughter Peggy , and last but not least , Eva bate and Rev. scroggin . we group be somewhat incongruous with the suit that surround then . fgt ja March 19 , 1991 99 dean ( 0.s. ) ( announce ) buddy threadgoode , junior . tdgie whistle and clap with pride . 149 ext . campus - day - later two shoe be be carry in one hand and a small package be in idgie 's other hand . idgie this be for you . stump open the box and take out a beautiful gold watch . buddy thanks , aunt idgie . idgie it 's not from I , buddy . look on the back . he turn it over . the inscription read simply : " I love you , mother . " tear spring into he eye as he look at idgie and hug she . idgie you mom would have be very proud . buddy I wish she could have be here . idgie she be . ( try to lighten the mood ) run on , son . you and Peggy go be with you friend . idgie watch he leave , hand in hand with Peggy . she start to walk down the grass to a secluded spot , when grady come over . grady hard to believe he 's a grow man now , ready to get marry . idgie yeah . idgie start to take off she stocking while she be walk , hopping on one foot with a grace that only idgie possess . grady with the railroad shutting down one by one , how much longer can you keep the cafe open ? . ( idgie do not respond ) you figure out what you be go to do ? * gt ja March 19 , 1992 lo grady ( clear throat ) you know , I have be think , you and 3 . idgie grady ( pull at he collar ) get marry . ( beat ) now that idgie I appreciate the charity , grady , but let I tell you one thing : they may put " miss " on my tombstone , but as far one ? concerned , I have not miss a th . idgie take a deep breath and start to jog toward where the tree be . her hat fly off and cartwheel across the campus . grady ( call to she ) you mean I do not stand a chance , not even someday ? idgie ( call back ) h , you might stand a chance someday ... tf you can catch I . grady smile , take a@ deep breath and head out of frame . 150 int . coucy house - night . the dinner table be set with two place setting and flower . Evelyn be busy at wor + but not in the kitchen . she be building a wall in the identica ) Space that she perform she demolition . she have lose a bit of Weight and look great . fgt ja March 19 , 1991 lo ninny ( v.0 . ) of course , when the railroad shut down and they put in ali that new super highway nothing be ever the same . whistle stop be just leave sit there by the track to fall apart . time just pass it by . . Ed enter the house . he have flower , too . Ed walk up to he - and give she a kiss and the flower , for you , honey . evelyn oh Ed , how sweet . lily , ny favorite . ed I know , sometimes I even amaze myself , evelyn what be the occasion ? ed ++- T be just sorry for the last few month . I be not exactly sure whit be go on with you and I guess I aave not be very helpful with you job and all ... why be you put a wall up where you be just tear one down ? : evelyn + +ewell , I make a mistake . ed ( walk on eggshell ) I do not mean to seem dense or anything , but what change ? evelyn the air and the light . ea , you know how you use to tell I how you have always dream of have two woman in you house ? ( Ed smile slightly ) what if I be the young of the two ? ed it do not believe be gat you drift ? evelyn I want something more than I have ever want anything before . zi want to bring Mrs , threadgoode to we house . I want she to live here . I want to give she the home and the love she 's give to I . fgt ja March 19 , 1991 102 ed -... : ( broad smile ) you nre kid ? evelyn I be absolutely serious , that 's why I 'o put the wall to Kyle 's room back up . =d Evelyn , this be not something you just do . she 's a old woman , who 's go take care of she if she get 's sick ? evelyn iwill . I can not leave she in that hone . ed this be not a stray cat or something , she 's not even fan : ly . evelyn she 's family to I . please Ed , do this for not ? ed this be absolutely out of the question . have you tell she about this harebrain idea of yours ? evelyn not yet . ed good , now let 's just pretend this never even come up . evelyn I be earning money now . i/11 pay for everything and you wont have to do a thing . ed it 's never go to happen so just forget it . evelyn nlose it ) do not ever say never to I . do not talk to I like I be some kind of pet that go wherever you point . Ed couch , just because you be stick in a rut do not mean I 'o go to live there with you forever . fgt ja March 19 , is91 10 evelyn ( cont 's D ) ( calmly but deadly ) -:. -. , someona help . not put -a-mirror in front of my face and I do not like what I see one bit and you know what I do , I change . and you better too , cause that someone be Mrs. threadgoode , and she need my love and care now and I be go to give it to she , with you or without you . Evelyn walk to the kitchen and pick up a cover plate and slowly out the door . and then pop back in smile . evelyn and if you will not listen to reason , there 's always towanda . she toss a baseball bat across the room and it roll right up to Ed 's foot . she leave . Ed pick up the bat and start to swing it at some phantem baseball and then he take a piece of food on the table and eat it . he nod . it 's good . 150a ext . couch house - day 1 Evelyn get in the car , madder than hell , start the engine and think about go back in the house , until she hear a bang sound . she realize it 's hammer and Ed be the man behind the hammer . she smile . 151 int . rose hill nursing home - Day Evelyn come down the hall carry a picnic basket . as sne pass by ninny 's room and notice the door be open ... she pop she head in , think she might be there ... evelyn hello ... she stop cold as she see ninny 's bed stripped and bare ! a young nurse she have never see before be rip down all of ninny 's picture off the wall ... throw they in a waste paper basket ... evelyn what be you do ? stop that !! that be Mrs. threadgoode 's thing .... Evelyn go over to she and pick up the waste basket and take thing out . evelyn ( continue ) what be you do in here ? where be Mrs. threadgoode ? nurse who ? -~ fgt ja March 19 , 1991 1o - Evelyn furious ... be try to put thing back on the wall ... evelyn Mrs. threadgoode . .. the woman who life here . be you deaf ?! nurse ( defensive ) I be sorry miss . Al ) they tell I be that the woman who live here die this morning . Evelyn sit down on the other bed , stunne . evelyn oh God , when do it happen ? nurse early this morning ... they tell I to take all this sture down . that 's all be know the nurse continue to rip down picture . Evelyn look up and see the rest of the picture be rip down . she jump up and pushes the nurse aside scream ... evelyn stop that , goddammit ... what 's the matter with you people ? can not you wait a goddamn day for chrissake ? do not you have any respect ? that be she thing . she clutches the tear piece of paper to she and sob . nurse . : I be sorry , miss . they tell I to get this roon ready for another patient . evelyn well , she may be just another patient to you , but she be my friend and ir love she . nurse : sorry , but I be just follow order . the girl continue to remove picture from the wall . . evelyn do not you touch then . get out !! just get out !! janeen come in the door alarmed at the noise . janeen what in the world be go on ? janeen see fgt ja March 19 , 1993 ic evelyn : oh shut up . what aid you do , throw she out with the laundry ? janeen calm down . evelyn why do not you call I ? you couj4 have at least call before you send uhtg idiot in here ... how upset Evelyn be and motion for the nurse to janeen I be sorry , Mrs. couch . it just never occur to I that you would take it this hard . evelyn I do not even get to tell she goodbye and thank she for help not . janeen : I know this thing be hard , but she die peacefully in she sleep . to tell you the truth , be think you would be happy for Mrs. threadgoode . evelyn happy ? janeen yes , this be what she want . evelyn to be dead ? . janeen ne , to go home . you just miss she . she leave ina yellow cab not more than half a hour ago . evelyn T do not understand . a cab ? janeen yes , she say there be not any reason for she to stay here now that Mrs. otis be dead . evelyn Mrs. otis die ? janeen look at she confuse . fgt ja March 19 , 1992 janeen ' . - yes ... ~~ evelyn ( jump up thrilled ) Mrs. otis die !!! she grab janeen and give she a big kiss . i i | evelyn not that I be glad Mrs. otis die . it 's | just that . . . suddenly she joy change to alarn as she realize that ninny be head home ... evelyn ' oh my God , I have get to stop she ... Evelyn run out of the roon . the young nurse come back in and ' look at janeen . i janeen ( continue to clean the room ) she 's a nice woman , but I think she have 's some serious emotional problen . 152 ext . parking lot - day ~ Evelyn run out and jump into she car and squeal out of the parking lot . she go about a half a block and slam on the brake . 153 int . car Evelyn be desperately search for a map in the glove compartment ... — evelyn ( distress , look at map ) where the hell be whistle stop ....? that 's right , it 's not on the map . 154 ext . filling station gas attendant there 's nothing out there anymore , just a few house .... evelyn ( impatient ) know . just tell I how I get there . ~~ gas attendant well , you go about a half a mile and when you see the track , turn leave and keep go straight . 10 : fgt ja March 28 , 1991 10 155 ext . whistle stop ~ pay Evelyn arrive in whistle stop , which be virtually a ghost town . she spot ninny in front of a empty lot . she approach ninny , who be cry and hold a small shoe box and tend to the few remain rose in she garden . Evelyn put she arm around ninny and hug she . ninny hi Evelyn . somebody steal my house . it be right here when I leave . unless - ( she grab Evelyn 's hand ) oh , Evelyn , you do not reckon I 'o crazy , do you ? this be the place it use to be Evelyn hug she again . evelyn no , honey . you be not crazy . this be the place . ninny who would want to steal a old lady 's house ? it be not worth anything . evelyn nobody steal it , honey . they have to tear it down -- it be condemn . I be sorry , I should have tell you before . I be go to . . , ninny turn and look at the empty lot . ninny cleo build that house for I when we be just marry -- andg now it 's go . eighty three year worth of live and all that 's leave of I be just what 's in this box , a bunch of old card and picture . evelyn but that 's not true . you be here . you be what 's important . come on , let 's go home . ninny this be my home . and it 's go . and so be Mrs. otis . you know , I do not quite know what to do . it 's the first time that I can remember that I do not have anyone to look after . evelyn you can look after I and ed. fgt ja March 19 , 1991 ninny start to 's ninny you be sweet , but 1 think you be do just fine on you own . evelyn do not you know you would be like a gift for we ? you be the reason that I get up every morning and that Mary Kay be have such a good year , and that I do not look like a blob from some horror movie . well , maybe with a little help from idgie and Ruth . come on . let 's go to my place . prepare , T have get a room all ninny and what do Ed say about all this ? evelyn he will grow to love it . mile and she head : is slowly toward town . ninny do I ever tell you that Mrs. otis be sipsey 's baby sister ? evelyn no , you do not , ninny yes , she be . Mrs. otis be with sipsey and I the night sipsey die . they have always sing gospel song about and that night before sipsey die , she tell not this dream that Jesus come to she , all gress in white . he be the conductor of a ghost train and be come to take she to heaven . 156 ext . whistle stop cafe - 1932 - night a black pickup truck slowly drive off light . noth closer . 157 int . back of sipsey be eat play the gospe naughty Bird and the back door be room with a rifle ing but the sound cafe biscuit and hone 1 " I be go Home buddy Jr. both 's 1 kick open . fra : and look around up behind the cafe , turn of the leave as he get y y and listen to the radio on the Morning train " while eep peacefully . no bennett crash into the + he head for the crib . Los fgt ja March 19 , 1992 lo the back door be kick open . Frank bennett crash into the room with a rifle and look around . he head for the crib , startle , sipsey run at hin and he grab she by she dress and throw she across the room like @ rag doll . he go over and be stand over the crib , . . sipsey ( jump up ) you leave that baby al-re . that 's miss Ruth 's baby ! frank get away from not , nigger , before 1 kill you . he slam she with the butt of the gun across the wide of she face . she crash against the wall , slide to the floor , out cold , blood come from she ear . naughty Bird wake up , scream and run to she . bennett pick up the baby , wrap he in a blanket , and carry he out the back door . . naughty bird wake up , grandma , wake up . sipsey do not respond . 158 ext . cafe 1 : Frank come out the back door , open the door to he truck , slip the sleep baby onto the seat . as he back out of the truck , sipsey appear behind he , with blood on she face , and clobber he over the head with a iron skillet . we hear a thunk . he fall heavy and silent as a tree . sipsey step over the body and gather the baby out of the truck into she arm . sipsey ai not nobody gonna get this baby , no _ sir , not while I be alive , she head for the Cafe with hin . naughty Bird be freeze in the qoorway , watch she , terrify . sipsey carry the baby past she . sipsey ( continue ) go fetch Big George , honey . I do kill I a white man . 159 int . school auditorium = whistle stop = night 15 stage banner : 1932 christmas folly the whole town be jamme in . idgie and grady be on stage . grady be in a dress , idgie in tail and top hat . Essie rue be on the piano , fgt ja March 19 , 1991 grady one thing -a woman expect when she marries be sympathy . idgie well , have not you get it since you marry I ? grady yes , I sure have . from the whole town . laughter . idgie come off the whisper to she . 160 ext . garden shed stage . Big George show up and idgie walk out shake and look at Big George . sipsey join then . idgie tt be self - defense . he have a take but , i.ca not caring why I sipsey buddy , over my dead body , see a jury of white people do it . Lord , look like T will be visit you sooner than I expect . idgie wait a minute . I be not gonna sit on ny butt and watch justice be butcher again . ( idgie start to smile ) no ... I guess it be hog boil time ... no mar ’am . [ it big GEORGE *s too cold . idgie I think you be wrong George . 161 ext . back of cafe - day Big George be split some rib and then drop they in the barbecue pot out behind the cafe . grady and curtis smoote be ' stand there talk to he , naughty Bird stand behind she father , she eye as wide as saucer . when be this grady barbecue gonna be ready ? big GEORGE ( sweat run down he face ) in a few minu be ready in a ite , yes suh ... it 's gonna few minute . ii gt ja March 28 , 1991 qi evelyn do idgie really barbecue Frank bennett , or be you pull my leg ? ninny ( ninny snile devilishly ) the secret 's in the sauce or so I be tell ... and now you know why idgie hada to go to trial . she know the law would never have believe sipsey . nope , sipsey , Big George or anybody else of Color would have be hangin’ from the nearest tree . to this day , I be stild not sure whether Ruth ever believe that idgie do not ki12 Frank bennett . the truth 's a funny thing , sometine . a beat of reflection and silence . evelyn ninny , you have get to come to ny home and live with I . you have get . to . ninny evclyn , would Ed /s aunt be come home with you toe ? evelyn Ho . she tell Ed she do not want to leave Mr. dunaway -- thank God ! ! ninny good . evelyn do not you like she either ? ninny it 's not that . it 's that I always want to be a only child , evelyn come on , let 's walk back to the car . ninny oh , Evelyn , you have give I back my hope , remind not what 's most important in lite . you know what I think that be ? evelyn what ? * ninny Friends , best friend . ( Evelyn hug ninny . ) . il the two man walk away ... a8 naughty Bird look at she daddy . .. so scared she have forget how to blink . idgie watch from the window . 262 #=int . cafe kitchen - later sipsey be place two plate of barbecue on a tray . idgie ( call trom cafe ) sipsey . sipsey I be come . hold on . a knock at the screen door . sipsey , harry , go over and open the door~ - ocie be stand there . sipsey what do you want ? occie ( big smile ) we want sone barbecue . . sipsey ( slamm door in he face ) not today you gon’tll ! 163 int . can fe - day sipsey pass by letective curtis smocte who be Polishing off a plate of barbecue . curtis smoote I believe this be about the best barbecue I ever eat . sipsey ( grin ) yes sir . the secret 's in the sauce . idgie 's grin from ear to ear . 164 exr , whistle stop cemetery - present day Evelyn be walk with ninny through the town of whistle stop . ninny stop at the church where there 's a cemetery . evelyn sipsey ! my god. le that fryi : vata th £ vie pan more than fry Chicken that night . fgt ja March 19 , 1991 un ninny point at a tombstone which read . " Ruth jameson , bear 1903= - die 1939 . go but net forgotten . " there 's sone wildflower and a note rest in the shade below the stone . Evelyn pick up the note revealing a small jar of honey . she open the note and read its ) " 77i7 always love you , the beecharner . " Evelyn snile to herself and then notice ninn walk out of the cemetery towards the town of whistle stop . Evelyn impulsively cry out : evelyn idgie ? ninny instinctively turn she head and smile at Evelyn , who shake she head for a second and then scurries after she . from the distance we can see Evelyn approach ninny . evelyn tdgie 's still alive ? ninny yes . evelyn why do not you tell I ? ninny you do not ask . she 's out there sonewhere tun tree , charming bee and sell honey . every once in awhile , I / 11 catch a hint of she . maybe we / 11 see she one day scon . evelyn oh. . . you have be hold out on nme , have not you ? let /s go home and then you will have to tell I everything . Arm in arm they walk through the gilapidate remain of the town of whistle stop . Evelyn start ask ninny all the question that now come to she mind about idgie 's life . the voice from the past echo through this repository of memory until we again hear the ghost train 's whistle and the clatter of its wheel as it approach the town . the red leave of fall start blow in the wind as the train noise crescendo . and again no train actually appear . down , everybody just scattered to the wind . it be never more than just a little knockabout place , but now that 1 look back on it , when that care close , the heart of the town just stop beat , it be funny how a little place like this bring so many people together . fgt ja March 19 , 1991 the camera crane down past ninny and Evelyn as they walx through the town . . the camera continue over the vine of the Green tomato , serve at the whistle stop Cafe . " the end .