from hell the Real Story of Jack the ripper by Terry haye base on the comic Series by Alan Moore and Eddie Campbell producer : jdproduction Jane hamsher Don Murphy first draft 2600 W. olive # 1039 august 1995 burbank CA 91521 818-972-3030 out of darkness fade up a title card : in 1883 the voicano on the Indonesian island of krakatoa erupt , shower the world with dust . as this debris fall slowly to earth , it lead to a number of strange atmospheric effect . in 1888 the city of London witness increasingly bizarre sunset - @reen and blood red sky . contemporary account describe it as a unusually lightlass year . in retrospect , it seem entirely appropriate ... whoosh ! the screen erupt in orange and red flame . we pull back to reveal - a STREET vendor fire up a brazier , start to roast chestnut and squirrel over the flame . unseen by he , two urchin crouch under the barrow , try to capture some of the warmth . it 's dusk - a blood red sky turn to purple as night fall . silhouett against it be a grim and awful church . the massive portico and tower be deliberately out of proportion , design to instill a sense of fear in that who enter . its name be Christchurch and it stand in the heart of whitechapel . this be the armpit of London - grim victorian tenement , dark alley and lane , 8 filthy pub on every corner . the street sre crowded with the poor and desperate . score of prostitute , range in age from the early teens to the late 40' , work the sidewalk and alley , look for trade . a shop window throw a wedge of light across dorset Street . several prostitute look in at the cheap bonnet and shoe . among they be a woman in she early 20' - she 's poorly dress , shy look . her face be beautiful - she have auburn hair that fall to she shoulder and large bright eye . her name be Mary Kelly . like the other woman , she be tired and hungry - try to make a live the only way she can . a unshaven bear of 8 man approach . under he jacket he wear 6 feather apron - he 's a butcher . despite he appearance , several of the woman put on they most attractive smile . none of they can afford to be choosy . the butcher eye the woman up and down , appraise they . then he see Mary and smile . jul 26 °s5 11:48 am terry haye film p.3 butcher New around here , be not you ? mary ( quietly ) a couple of week , that 's all ... butcher what 's the fare then ? mary eight pence . six pence for I and tuppence for 3 room . butcher eight pence for the hour ? | can not afford to travel that far . anything for less ? mary a three - penny upright be the cheapest . butcher what 's a upright , missy ? mary there 's a lane ' round the back - you do it up against the wall . the Butcher look around - a narrow alley lead between two tenement . butcher {t 's dark , be it ? mary Dark enough . he smile at she - then reach up and ring a imaginary bell . butcher ding ! ding ! all aboard , Mary turn and lead he into the alley . a saddle maker' yard Mary and the Butcher move through the shadow behind the tenement - a workshop and stable form a courtyard . alley and passageway run off of it . another prostitute enter the courtyard . in she 30' with raven hair and eye like jet , she look sassy - a half open blouse and a pert bonnet tie under she chin . this be Annie chapman - Dark Annie to she friend . mary hello Annie . - Dark Annie can not see clearly in the gloom . she come forward , peer - mary it 's Mary ... Mary Kelly . dark annie hello , Mary . how 's trick ? if you be go to dutfield yard be careful - there 's a drunk fall down in the doorway . mary thanks , Annie . as they go they separate way , we crane up : the slum behind the tenement stretch forever - a maze of allay , break down hovel and tower wall . dark annie step into a cover passageway litter with garbege . smiling , she start to play hopscotch over the trash . dark annie one , two , buckle my shoe . Three , four shut the door ... a man step into frame . silently , he watch Dark Annie from behind . in he hand he carry a knife . Annie skip forward , into - a market yard it 's desert now - empty barrow and wagon line the wall , block the only exit . Dark Annie curse at have to retrace she step . she turn - straight into the man ! he slashes with the knife ! it cut straight across she throat - she bonnet flutter to the ground . Annie keep stare at the man . oh , he 's good with the blade - he 's cut the bonnet clean off she chin and not even scratch the skin . he pull she face close to he . he 's 8 young man - dead eye and e cruel smile . yue 6s fd adem . corrt met rain es 4 geordie Annie , be not it ? Dark Annie chapman ? dark annie it...if .. it 's money you want , I be .. I have only get a shilling . if it 's t’other ... |... I will do it here . geordie time enough for pleasure later . it 's business first . he jerk she head back , lay open she throat and breast . a sound behind Annie . she roll she eye back - two man emerge from the shadow and stand at back of she . one of they be obviously the leader . this be mcqueen . mcqueen we come from Old nichol Street . maybe you have hear of we ? Annie nod she head - yes . mcqueen the girl up the other end of whitechape ! like we , Annie . we keep a eye on the street , make sure there 's no trouble , you know the sort of thing . now a fine service like that do not come free , do it ? the girl have to pay , and nota shilling , either . dark annie how much ? mcqueen every girl , @ pound a week each . dark annie a pound ?! there 's no hope - mcqueen that do not sound like enthusiasm . what a shame . {to geordie ) do it ! geordie clamp he hand over Annie 's mouth and slashes the knife across she expose breast . Annie 's face crumple in pain - she slump in he arm . mcqueen put he face close . eee oe SE ee dene err ) mris fae roe mcqueen we like you , Annie - that 's why we choose you . you be a good look girl and you work hard . now if we do that to someone we like , just imagine what we will do to someone who give we trouble . tell that to the other girl , will you ? we will be round come Friday for the money . geordie let go of she . she fall to the ground . the man vanish into the shadow . three pennie be throw to the ground . we be in dutfield 's yard , a small and shadowy area next 10 a warehouse . Mary bend and pick up the money . the Butcher pull aside he apron , get ready to take she . a sound in the shadow , sort of like a gasp - Annie stagger into the yard , clutching she blouse across she chest . dark annie ( softly ) Mary ... I have be cut , Mary . Mary go to she - she see the blood cover Annie 's blouse . mary sweet Jesus ... {to the butcher ) help we - c'mon she need help . the man back away , do up he fly - butcher ' come here for some twat - i do not want any trouble . mary for chrissake , the girl 's bleed ! he turn and run . siam ! he trip over something lie in the doorway - it 's the drunk . the Butcher scramble to he foot and keep run . mary Men ... bloody man ! she cradle Annie in she arm and yell for help . the sound carry across the slum of dorset Street . a couple of lantern come on - eee SE Fe ee ser comm mmiet fee the ringers be 8 down - at -heel pub on the corner of dorset and crispin street . it 's real name - as it still be today - be the Britannia . the nickname come from the proprietoss - walter ringer and he wife . Annie lie on a couch , a sheet drape from the rafter give a little privacy from the drinker . the wound across she chest have just be bandage . the loca ! Doctor wash the blood and iodine from he hand . two policeman , Mary and several other more experience prostitute watch - doctor lewellyn { it will heal , well enough . she just need to bathe it every day - no doubt that will come as quite a shock . I have leave some laudanum for the pain . he pack he equipment into he bag . Annie reach in to she purse and drop a couple of penny in he hand - that 's all the money she 's get . the Doctor look at the other woman , wait . they all contribute - Mary pull out the three soile penny and hand it over . doctor lewellyn glad to be of service . good night , lady . he step through the sheet . the senior policeman turn to Annie - sergeant I need to get a statement from you . dark annie what - and it will be my throat that 's cut tomorrow ? no , thank you , sergeant . there 's law down here in the East end , but they be not make by copper . several of the other prostitute nod in agreement . sergeant do you want we help or not ? one of the woman laugh . this be polly Nichols . she 's 8 good heart woman in she late 20' . a crooked smile give she a cock -ey , impish look - polly help - you ? since when have anyone give a shit about we ? we be poor and we be woman . there 's never a copper ground when we need one . eee os fs ee se err . amy pad dark annie you just come round and pick up the piece . glorify undertaker , that 's what you be . sergeant and what do you call something that fuck in the street ? a bitch , that 's what '' say . ( turn to the constable ) write it down , Charlie - she trip and fall on a piece of glass . accidental injury . he pick up he jacket , turn and walk out . a magnificent house it 's a grand nash -design terrace in belgravia - all pillar and balustrade . through @ huge window we see a sparkling chandelier - in the drawing room be about thirty people - man in black tie , the woman in satin and jewel . it 's after dinner and the butler serve drink and cigar . a man near the fireplace turn and take a brandy balloon . he 's in he early 30 's , handsome , a little out of he depth in such glitter company . but there 's a strength about he , a cool intelligence in he eye that make you feel if there be trouble you would want he on you side . this be Fred abberline . on the other side of the room be Sir Charles Warren , the commissioner of Police . he be in he 60' , gray-haire , strong in appearance but week in character . he be talk to a big elderly woman , dress in layer of cream silk . she look like a galleon in full sail - lady rossie and this Mr abberline , Sir Charles - you say he 's a detective Inspector or something . tell I , what bring a man like he to the attention of the Police commissioner ? sir charle have you ever be to whitechapel , m'lady ? to br ae can orr mate raelia lady rossie good God , no . sir charle '' do not recommend it . there 's seventy thousand people cramme into five square mile . unemployment be over sixty per cent - and that 's among the man . there 's nothing for the woman , nothing at all , not unless you count ' starvation of a profession which good manners preclude I from mention . the Black hole of Calcutta - it 's here , in the heart of London . imagine the sort of man that have bring at least some order to it . that 's Inspector abberline . he 's a outstanding officer , m'lady . lady rossie nsmile ) apparently so . and now you be go to turn he loose on we wick dowager of belgravia ? of course , this place be full of crime , too , but as everybody know - up here we at least have the good taste to keep it behind close door . do not you think you Inspector may be a trifle bored ? sir charle 1 should not think so . Mr abberline 's very ambitious - this be a wonderful opportunity for he . he 's already a inspector at thirty - four - who know , at this rate he will have my job before he 's do . lady rossie then it 's just as well he work hard - that 's a high bar for anyone to clear . Sir Charles give a little bow , acknowledge the compliment . lady rossie when do he start ? sir charle not for a couple of month but | think we should get he acclimatize . the air up in the West end can be quite rarefy . eee oe ts ke same orr mos pee teae Lady rossie keep look at abberline . she speak quietly . lady rossie he 's handsome enough , I will give he that . standards and loyalty , that 's all we ask of a man , be not it Sir Charles ? at the fireplace abberline be with a group about to play card . one of the man shuffles the two pack - nonchalantly he fire the card from one hand to the other , fan they in mid-air , cut they and fan they again . he 's in he late 30' - rich and arrogant . this be the seventh ear ! of pembroke - duchy to he friend . he speak to abberline - duchy would you care to shuffle ... I be sorry , | can not recall you name . abberline abberline . Fred abberline . | do not know any trick . | can play , that 's about all . duchy surprise . | would have think a member of the constabulary would have know a lot more trick than we fess worldly people . i think you be be shy . come on - dazzie we . before abberline can answer , a middle - age man who have spend he life with the bottle interrupt . pour himself another cognac , he speak to the ear ! - willy leave it off , duchy . what would you know about '' the constabulary '' anyway ? duchy ( evenly ) you be quite right , of course , willy - I have never actually meet a policeman before . he turn back to abberline . his smile be even more patronize than he word - willy Light I up , will you Frederick ? eee oss a dem ) ferri me rau 10 he put a large Havana in he mouth and point at a glow taper lie in the fireplace . the two man look at each other . the other member of the group watch . among they be the hostess . she be 29 , very beautiful and quite spoil - ten year previously she inherite a fortune . her name be Lady Jane d'urbanville and right now she eye be totally on the handsome abberline . a beat - then abberline turn and reach for the taper . so - he give in . duchy smile and lean forward with the cigar , wait for the light . abberline actually , there be one trick | know . duchy really ? you must show we - abberline knock back he entire glass of cognac - and spit ! a stream of liquor arch towards the cigar . abberline touch the glow taper to it - the liquor burst into flame . it look like abberline be breathe fire , the stream of flame light the end of the cigar and dias . the rest of the group stare in amazement - then Lady Jane clap and cheer . the other join in . duchy touch he singe forehead - duchy that be my eyebrow . abberline sorry . the trick 's a bit like I ! guess - it need a little refinement . willy damn fine trick it you ask I ! Far better than that crap with the card . Lady Jane catch abberline 's eye - they smile at one another . and Lady Jane keep smile - long enough for willy to note she interest in abberline . a row of carriage be draw up in front of the mansion - the guest be leave . Lady Jane stand at the draw room window . only a few intimate friend remain , she watch abberline get into Sir Charles 's coach . willy take Lady Jane 's hand - willy he seem like a fine chap . lady jane he do , do not he ? eee SE fl ee tae com . mese fee we www willy it 's funny though , he say he father be the doctor at High wycombe . when } be young my family have a place there . damned if | can recall the doctor have 8 son . lady jane you be probably drunk , that 's why . another woman have be listen . she turn to Lady Jane - violet how could you , Jane ? you hear willy - he say he be just a child . you do not become a drunk until much later , do you darling ? willy no , Jane 's right , I be afraid . | realize very early drink 's like sport - you have to start very young if you really want to achieve anything . Lady Jane laugh but she eye be still on the coach , miller' rent be a collection of hovel build around a courtyard just off dorset Street . it 's late at night , the pub have close , and the courtyard be crowded with man and woman . the landlord - a unshaven pig of man - stand outside collect money for a overnight stay in a tiny room . Mary and polly , accompany by another prostitute from the ringers , be support Dark Annie . they shuffle towards the landlord . Mary look in she purse - mary I have only get 6 half - penny leave - it look fike I will be travel steerage . polly I too . oturn to Annie ) you clean we out , darlin’ - what with the doctor and all that gin you need for you nerve . | have a husband like that once - he be so nervous he never spend a day sober , bl ee som . corre AMES rae reas 12 they front up to the landlord , each drop a half - penny into he dirt-stain hand . he jerk he head , indicate the house behind he . landlord second hall on the leave . - a narrow room be empty except for several long wooden bench . crowd onto they be the urban poor - mother with kid , hollow - eye man and down - trodden youth . sitting on back - to- back bench so they form a huddle , be the four woman - polly a pound each ! ' oark annie that 's what they say . Mary and the other prostitute - Liz stride - look equally shocked . Liz - know as Long Liz because of she height - grow up in Sweden and speak with a accent . long liz how do they think we earn so much ? dark annie that 's not they problem . | use to work up that end of whitechapel , that 's how they know I . there be a girl call Emma Smith who would not pay . they do not cut she breast , they ... they cut she down there . the other woman look horrify . dark annie that 's when | move down dorset Street . I be not get cut again , | do not care how hare | have to work . long liz easy to say . how many hour be there in the day ? polly ft 's not just that . there be way to earn more money , but there 's some thing | just will not do . y vee gs Fe not son. fora : mmit pee 43 dark annie what be you talk about ? polly you know , what some bloke want - foreign idea , if you ask I . Dark Annie just stare at she . she 's the most experience of they all and obviously nothing 's off the menu with she . dark annie yeah - not like the English , of course - pull you dress up , back against the wall , that 's they contribution to the art of love . polly I have get standard , that 's all I be say ... yes , you can laugh Annie chapman but - mary ( quietly ) 1 think | know where we can get the money . the other thres woman turn and look at she , take aback . dark annie what ? mary and not a few pound either . if we be go to do this , | be think we should all get out of whitechapel . | be go to ask for fifty . the other woman just stare . then polly start to laugh - fifty pound ! Liz stride 's not sure if it 's a joke or not . only Dark Annie do not smile - dark annie if we be go to do what , Mary ? Mary be about to answer but she see three man approach . she fall silent . the man , employee of the landlord , string rope the length of the room and pull they taut , across the chest of the people sit on the bench . they have pay to sleep sit upright - the rope prevent they pitching forward while they be asleep . the gas light be turn down . darkness . ye oe d> 44 do vem mmy fae read 14 cloud of steam billow out of the rail yard at Liverpool Street station - a huge building , a gothic cathedra ! to the locomotive . the steam pour across a busy road and hit 8 grim Stone building . over the door be a sign : . bishopsgate Police Station inside the basement bang ! a jet of flame shoot out the end of a barrel as a gun fire . we pull back to teveal a group of policeman watch abberline fire at a makeshift target . he 's still get he coat on - he 's just arrive et work . the gun be a iong -barrel revolver , deadly accurate and beautifully make . he hand it to one of the uniform officer - abberline where do you get it , constable ? constable we take it off a american seaman lest night . he be walk around with it in he coat - probably think he be Wyatt earp . abberline lock it in the evidence cabinet when you be finish . not that we will need it - 1 bet he 's already jump bail . he 's probably on a freighter right now practice he french . he turn to the door . he see the sergeant at he locker - he 's just finish the night shift and be get ready to leave . abberline join he - together they walk out the door and along a corridor . abberline what 's on the blotter - anything | should know ? sergeant a bang - tail get she tit cut down near dutfield yard . it look like we friend from nichol Street be move south - not that the woman no tell you . still , | suppose we should feel sorry for ‘em . vue to bs ee dae ferre mail pee : 15 abberline sorry for they ? | would if they try to help themselves . you have see what it 's like down commercial Road - the ~ night school and the free institute be empty . but you can not say that about the Pubs , can you ? drink 's the biggest industry in whitechapel . and the woman be as bad as the man . sergeant worse . but not yours to worry about much longer , Fred . no whore up in belgravia - at least none that we could afford . abberline two month , Pete - it can not happen soon enough . they disappear up the stair . large skylight form the ceiling of a spectacular artist 's studio : beautiful furniture , a easel in the middle of the room , canvass on the wall . it 's mid-morn - the front door open and @ man enter . he 's in he early 30' - well - dress , sophisticated , cold . this be walter sickert and he 's a painter - in time , a famous one . as he take off he hat and coat he see a envelope that 's be push under the door . he pick it up , rip open the flap and start to read the letter . though we do not see the word , he face become increasingly grim - sickert what the hell , Mary ... at last he lay it down . he walk to the window and stare out , think . then he come to @ decision . sickert anyway , | wash my hand of it . he tug on a bell - pull and a moment later a manservant enter - sickert l want you to deliver something for I . vee 6s SD a sda temm ) micu fauuiis 16 as he put the letter in another envelope and address it , we tilt up to one of the canvass on the wall . it show a naked woman lie on a crumpled bed . we recognize the prop - it be obviously paint in the studio - and the woman . it 's Mary Kelly . cliveden be one of England 's great country house - east wing , west wing , twenty bedroom and attic for sixty servant . the whole magnificent pile sparkles now in the autumn sunshine . a horse -drawn carriage travel down the driveway and stop in front of the house 's elegant entrance . Sir Charles Warren get out and walk up the step . the garden of the house seem to stretch forever : bank of flower , stun topiary , immaculate hedge . a elderly man - beautifully dress , distinguished , powerful - walk down a avenue of white jonquil . this be Lord hailsham and cliveden be he home . Sir Charles walk at he side . hailsham forty year | be a soldier , Sir Charles . 1 see man with great skill and learn , on & few occasion | witness outstanding bravery , but you know the quality | come to value most - love of country . | know you have it . Sir Charles , and so do J. in we different way we both serve the Kingdom . we would pay any price rather than see harm come to it , would not we ? sir charle yes , certainly , Lord hailsham . hailsham so it be with deep regret | must tell you that ihave receive a letter , a very worrisome letter . it deal with matter of great delicacy . some woman be try to trade information for money . somehow she have fearn thing and now , like a ghost out of the past , they come back . but like most ghost , the only thing to do be lay it to rest . hailsham take Mary 's letter out of he jacket pocket and give it to Sir Charles . they continue waik - the jonquil give way to bank of rose as Sir Charles read the letter . he look up - > essen ferre mais fae be 17 sir charle 1 can assure you . m'lord , the Metropolitan Police will do whatever be necessary to apprehend the offender . hailsham offender - you see the woman refer to we . but it 's not really a question of catch anyone , sit Charles . as | say , this be a situation of great delicacy . it 's more a matter of silence . sir charle silence , m'lord ? I be not sure I follow ... hailsham you have a good man in whitechapel , do you ? Sir Charles stare at he , he anxiety start to rocket . sir charle yes. abberline . Fred abberline . hailsham good . we do not want any of you people blunder around where they do not belong , do we ? sir charle blunder into what ? | really need to know what you mean - hailsham not at all . you do not have to do a thing , Sir Charles . this abberline - ambitious be he ? sir charle ( lose ) yes . hailsham excellent . in my experience man who want to move out of they class be always bendable - would not you agree , Sir Charles ? cc vee ce se ke ee fon et ae 18 hailsham look straight at he -a look of real cruelty . we realize - Sir Charles be not always 8 knight of the realm ; he , too , have move out of he class . sir charle ( bitterly ) - bendable ? yes , my lord , | suppose they often be . but | be the commissioner of Police . | must insist you tell I what this entail . hailsham no , you will not insist , Sir Charles . all} have to do be ask you a question ... who will help the widow 's son ? Sir Charles stare in silence . a beat . then he bow he head in acquiescence . Lord hailsham put he hand on Sir Charles 's shoulder and lead he back towards the house . brook STREET be a row of beautiful house in the heart of mayfair . Gas lamp glow in the cold London night . it 's late and the house be in darkness . all except number seventy - four . this be the residence of Sir William gull . we push in on it - in the bathroom gull be in he 50' , a handsome but arrogant look man - a tilt jaw , aquiline nose , a soft mouth . right now he be almost naked . his flesh be flabby and sickly white , the teat of a aging man hang down . despite the hour he have just finish shave , he face pink and shine , he hair powder and perfectly parte . he reach into a jar , take out e handful of lavender and crush the petal in he finger , release the perfume . slowly he rub it over he soft skin , scent himself . he start to dress . the ringers the pub be crowded with drinker . we track past a crowd of man to a table near the fire . sitting at it be Mary , Dark Annie , Long Liz and polly . with they be a friend of thair - another prostitute call Catherine eddowes . polly be lsugh , modeling 2 new black bonnet . at the bar be a coachman - a big man in he early 30' - mean and cun . this be the sort of man who be cruel to that beneath he and fawn to that he consider he better . his name be John netley . he lean forward and say something to walter ringer - the publican . wee gss ee so er ) mee raed 19 ringer Mary Kelly ? that 's she - the fine look ' woman . he point across the room then lean close , confidential - ringer she have not be on the street long . Fresh , so to speak . if it 's fun you be after , you could not do better than she . netley that other they be all she friend , be they ? ringer look at he - he 's not sure what he 's drive at . ringer well ... yeah ... she drink with ‘em , if that 's what you mean . most night they have a bite of supper . netley I be a coachman , Mr ringer . let I tell you what I be gettin’ et . if | want to double - team 8 couple of filly and take ‘em for a good hard ride , then it could be Mary Kelly and one of she pal , could it ? ringer double team ‘em ? ha ! ha ! yeah , but do not let you head make a promise you dick can not keep . ha ! hal netley do not worry about that . it 's like you say , Mr ringer - it 's certainly fun I be after . at the table , the woman have buy another round of drink - they be still laugh . enjoy themselves . they look up - netley be stand next to they . polly be the most brazen - polly hello . a strappin’ fella like you - you be lookin’ for company , ! bet . netley just keep look at she . he do not say a word . vie CO 3d salon terri mey facil 20 polly oh , Lord - not a foreigner , be you ? there 's paal of laughter from the other . netley give a crooked smile - ~_.netley no , missus . East end bear and breed . what 's yer name , darlin’ ? polly polly Nichols . interested ? netley maybe later , polly . polly yeah , sure - that 's what they ail say . netley pull on he coat , smile and go out the door . the drawing room at Brook Street . gull , elegantly dress now , take a small medicine bottle and put it in he pocket . a clock somewhere in the house chime the hour . 11 par marry gull check he watch . right on time a butler open the door - butler you carriage , sir . gull pick up 8 smal ! leather bag ( like a attache case ) and head for the door . in the STREET gull come out of the house . netley climb down from the driver 's seat and open the door of @ small black carriage . gull good evening , netley . they say before any great campaign Roman general always march they man past the glorey of the city . no matter what lay ahead , they want the soldier to remember what they be fight for . we have time , netley - drive past the Palace and down the mall , | want to see the sight of London . ore eee tee i 21 ratcliffe dock be burn . several large warehouse stick into the Thames River be ablaze . pillar of smoke rise into the night , the leaping flame reflect in the river . boom ! barrel of pitch , store in one of the warehouse , explode . in the glare we see people gather on the nearby road and dock to watch . a scottish castle stand brilliant in the moonlight - turret , crenellate wall and a silver lake . from inside , we hear a orchestra and gay , brittle laughter . in the ballroom aristocratic man in kilt and dinner suit swing jewele woman around the dance floor , as the silk and taffeta sail by , we hold on a man 's face . he 's in he late 20' - pale skin and refine feature - dress in the best clothes money can buy . we do not know he name but at one stage in he life he call himself Albert Victor . the dance come to a end and Albert bow to he young and silly partner . from the back of the room , a voice ring out . this be the Laird of the castle - the laird my lord , lady and gentleman - the joyal toast . everyone pick up a glass and raise it to a illuminate portrait of Queen Victoria - the laird the Queen ! Albert Victor stare at the portrait , undisguise hatred in he eye . the orchestra strike up '' God save the Queen '' . ft bridge over to - a comfortable apartment in London . Sir Charles Warren , the Police commissioner , be get ready for bed . his butler , hold a silver tray , watch as Sir Charles open a fetter that have just arrive . on the top be a emboss letter-head - it 's from Lord hailsham . sir charle * just a note to inform you the first of the ghost will be tay to rest tonight . | believe you dine this evening with the Prime Minister . | trust you enjoy you dinner . '' due 6s dd dai dem gerre matcd rautis 22 of inside the ringers Mary and the other prostitute be still at they table . Mrs ringer deliver a pile of bread and plate of stew to the table . mary you sure you will not be have any , polly ? polly 1 can not be sittin’ here all night . board need earning . she drain the last of the gin from she glass and get to she foot . spitalfield market be a huge place . a stall keeper put a bunch of black grape into a bag and hand it to netley . he pay and walk to the carriage . the door handle turn as gull try to open it . netley laugh - netley . you have forget , yer lordship . | tell you - of | fix the door so they can not be open from inside . netley slide the window down and hand the bag of grape to gull . outside the ringers the front door of the pub open and polly step out into the cold night . she tie on she new bonnet and head down the dimly - light street . above the roof of the tenement the sky glow red from the fire at the dock . it look like hell . polly head towards it . she start to sing - polly '' Green grow the rush - of ! one be one and all alone and ever more shall be so ... '' she turn into - dorset STREET C - the white stone of Christchurch reach up into the night . under every street lamp we see prostitute - old and young . pretty and haggard , ashamed and brazen . oe et err ald ae 23 polly move through the shadow . we track in behind she - someone be follow she . closer ... closer . crack ! she turn , startle . netley 's coach stand right beside she . he sit atop it , smile , the whip he 's just crack dangle in he hand . netley do not scere you , do | darlin’ ? polly , be not it ? remember I - the strappin’ feller from the ringers ? Said I would come back , do not 1 ? polly ( smile ) yeah , that 's right - you do too . netley listen , polly - I have get a very refine gentieman inside . he 's take a likin 's to you - a real likin’ . polly oh , he have , have he ? she turn and look in the window - the blind be draw . ' netley go on , girl - open the door . she turn the handle and swing the door open . all she can see be e pair of expensive doe-skin shoe - then gull lean forward out of the darkness and smile at she . gull would you like 8 grape , polly ? polly ooh , | do fove ‘em . I never can afford *em though . she step into the carriage . gull go on , have as many as you like . to the druid , grape be know as the fruit of sacrifice . London be once 8 druid village - do you know that , polly ? polly no , sir , | can not say | do . wee 6d fs ae dor heart ary faetid reed oc gull close the door , netley snap the rein . the carriage disappear into the gloom . ratcliffe dock the fire have burn the warehouse to the bone - the brick wall stand like skeleton amid the flame . people have crowded around the dock , watch the fire-truck and bucket brigade . the coach be park in a quiet cul - de-sac , hard up against a building . the door handle jerk as polly try desperately to open it . slam ! her head be ram up against the window . her eye be glaze , she try to scream but somehow she do not seem able to manage it . gull put he soft mouth close to she ear - gull Mary Kelly , Liz stride , Annie chapman and you . who else , polly ? polly ( tiny , slur ) kate eddowes . she be not there for the letter write , we tell she later . co gull anyone else ? polly there be not nobody else . can | go now ? gull ( kindly ) freedom , polly - that 's what we all want , be not it ? '' you shall know the truth and the truth shall set you free . '' that 's what the savior say . do you believe in the savior , polly ? polly " course | do . gull 1 do not . mine be the God of the Old Testament - his manicure hand twist polly 's head back , expose she throat . vee so fs ee om . gerr : mre ras 25 gull '' thou shalt break they with a rod of iron , thou shalt dash they in piece like a potter 's jar . '' a flash of steel ! gull drive 3 long double - edge knife down towards she throat - gull the God who punish blackmailer and traitor - that 's the God J love , polly ! at the last moment , gull look away - he can not even watch it himself . polly scream and jerk . gull feel the blade hit flesh and bone . he slump , relieved - the anticipation be always worse than the reality . he look back - polly be stare at he , wide - eye , terrify . the blade have miss she throat and slice into she collarbone . for a moment they just stare at one another , then gull lift up the bloody knife and plunge it at she throat again . this time she can not avoid it . on top of the coach netley sit in the driver 's seat , rock as the coach sway with the fury of what be happen inside . netley 's too scared to even look down - he stare straight ahead , watch the fire turn the sky blood-re . brady STREET netley 's coach be park in a unlit street . he and gull stagger along beneath the weight of something wrap in the canvas tarpaulin . they turn into Buck 's row , & narrow alley . gull stumble and fall . he pick himself up and move on but he 's limping - he 's sprain he ankle . they up - end the tarpaulin . polly 's body slide to the ground . netley look at she blood - soak clothes - netley Jesus God ... polly moan ever so slightly . she 's still alive . netley , revolt , took at gull - gull do not stare at I ! Men have always reserve the most extreme punishment for crime like hers . now lay she out , netley . pull up she petticoat . netley roll she over onto she back . he look down at he hand - they be cover in blood . he turn and walk away - have 60 SD duisomy ican ? mate fautia 26 gull damn you , netley ! gull open the leather attache case . fitted inside be a range of instrument - it 's a portable amputation kit . he take out a knife with a hook end . it 's call a crooked bistoury . he kneel between polly 's leg and run he hand up the flesh of - she thigh . he 's sweat - he loosen he collar . he grab hold of she underpant and slowly pull they down . netley look st gull 's face . the man 's lip be moist , he eye glisten . he stab the crooked bistoury towerd polly 's stomach . netley can not watch . all we hear be a gasp from polly . a police carriage travel fast down a dark , leafy street . it stop in front of a big house that have be turn into a middle - class lodging house . the sergeant from bishopsgate leap out of the carriage and hurry up the step - a suite of room the ember of a fire glow in the hearth - we glimpse a study , a sit room , a bedroom . there 's a loud knock on the door . abberline , alone in bed , sit up . he pick up he watch - it 's almost 3 be . another knock - louder , more insistent . abberline swing out of bed and go for the door . . polly body lie spread-eagied in the grime of Buck 's row . her dress and petticoat be back in place . abberline - unshaven , hair still tousied from sleep - and the sergeant make they way through curious onlooker . Doctor lewellyn be wait for they . doctor lewellyn there be two major knife wound . the first hit she collarbone and deflect . | doubt it would have kill she . the second cut she throat from ear to ear . it 's so deep it damn near cut she head off . abberline kneel beside the body . polly 's skirt and bodice be cover in blood but none of the rest of she clothing appear out of place . abberline take she clench tight hand . gently , he fold back the finger - lie in she palm be a grape . flash ! a brilliant white light bathes the scene . abberline turn - a photographer have set up he huge camera and tripod . abberline turn to the sergeant - wee cs ss we som . herr : mine re peet 27 abberline who the fuck let he in here ?! come on get she down to the morgue . the morgue be the grimmest place we have see - a cobble floor , stone wall and marble slab . two elderly man - pauper - use shear to cut away polly 's blood -stain clothing . one of the pauper reel back , gag . doctor lewellyn what the ...?! he walk forward and look at where polly 's stomach have be expose . her petticoat be drape so that we do not see what the Doctor do . but from the look on he face it must be terrible . doctor lewellyn Jesus Christ . inside the police station it 's not quite dawn - two overworked constable be take statement from resident of Buck 's row . through a open door we see into - abberline office he sit at he desk - grim , haggard . polly 's blood -stain dress have be pin to the wall . the sergeant enter . he hand abberline a copy of a newspaper - the morning 's '' illustrate Police News '' . on the front page be the photo of abberline kneel over the body . sergeant have you see it ? they say the kill 's so ferocious , it could not possibly have be do by a englishman . abberline yes . I have already have a note from the commissioner . he say buffalo Bill cody and he Wild West show be appear in drury Lane . he want we to interview the Red Indians . and you know what ? we might as well because I be damned if ! know where else to start . wee to fy acce ferre prl pee 28 sergeant the Old nichol Street boy . that lass Annie chapman be cut by they , and then there be Emma Smith - we damn well know , they kill she . abberline question they , Pete - we will have to try anything - but | do not think it 's they . there be forty - two separate wound on she body - sergeant '' know . | be there , | see they . abberline not all of they ! neither of we do . ! want this keep quiet as long as possible , pete. ( he pause ) he disembowel she . the killer take she intestine out then replace she underwear . some of she organ , or st least part of ‘em , be miss . for all | know he eat they . no , I be not joke . do that sound like the Old nichol Street boy to you ? sergeant I have see alligator waddling through the shit in the gutter , | arrest a bloke one fight who be lead a albino round on a chain , but a woman rip and gut ...? what the fuck be we deal with , Fred ? abberline shake he head - he can not answer that . a horse trough stand at the back of Miller 's rent . it 's the start of a new day - half dress woman be gather around the trough , wash themselves . Mary , Dark Annie , Liz and kate sre stand to one side . severa ! of they be red -ey , they be all distraught , worried - they have hear the news about polly . long liz of course it be they ! we have not pay , have we ? vee cs fs oe tere , err : mae fas 29 dark annie imagine what we will do if we have trouble - that 's what the bastard say , something like that . mary but polly ... she be so - kate ( interrupt ) there 's no help polly . it 's who 's next that worry I . what about the etter you send ? mary not a word . dark annie he 's have long enough , | reckon . mary lll send he another note tomorrow . dark annie no . you go round there , darlin’ . understand ? Mary , scared like the rest of they , nod she head - yes . a SMALL graveyard a huge crowd have gather , push forward , try to get a glimpse of polly 's cheap wooden coffin . it stand next to a open grave , @ minister lead the small Group of mourner through the burial service . Mary and the other three prostitute stand at one side . Liz try but she can not stop cry . abberline and the sergeant stand on a small hillock , shocked at the size of the crowd . abbealine Jesus ! have you see anything like it ? nobody give a shit about she when she be alive . now they can not get enough of she . vee CO fs acteur comm ? mmted fas 30 sergeant that 's the newspaper for you - trumping everything up . they do not let the truth get in the way of a good Story . the '' Star 's '' get some bloke — call '' leather apron '' . of course , he just happen to be a butcher so that 's put the fear of God up everyone . abberline but it go deeper than that , Pete - this have get sex and blood and death . that be the thing of myth , older than any of we . look at this people ! it make you wonder what else be rip along just below the surface . ' get some man - keep that bloody ' kid away ! ' the sergeant send a pair of constable to drive off a group of urchin . abberline | keep look st the crowd . his eye fall on the group of woman . he point at they . ( '' abberline polly 's co-worker ? sergeant some of ‘em . they all drink at the ringers . the one at the end be Annie chapman - Dark Annie - the one that get cut . but abberline 's not look at she . abberline who 's next to she - the handsome one ? sergeant Mary Kelly . but there 's not point in speak to any of them - even if they know anything they be not go to help . the street of whitechapel it 's early evening , the same day - the lodging house be empty , the sidewalk be ( ~~ crowded with drunk , beggar and woman trolling for trade . abberline pick he way . through a log-jam of cart and horse - draw bus . a organ grinder and he monkey bett out a tune . a sidewalk preacher stand on a ladder , wave he Bible - vee oc fl abr eer . corad mee pae 31 preacher '' I took , and behold a pale horse ! his name that sit on he wes death , and Hell follow with he . and power be give to he over the earth , to kill with sword and with famine ... '' abberline shoulder he way through a circle of man . in the center be 8 man with a bear on a chain . other man have pit bull on leash . in a moment one of the dog will be turn loose on the bear . abberline , disgust , keep walk . he pass - the step of christchurch a group of street urchin chase each other through the derelict campe on the step . it 's a old game with a new twist - a stockily - build boy have 8 piece of rag tie around he waist and a point stick like a knife in he hand . he yell - boy aaargh ! I be lever apron ! where 's polly ? where 's polly ?! other kid , girl mostly , run scream , clutching they throat . the ringers pub be pack - a informa ! wake for polly be still in progress . Dark Annie and Liz stride get up from a corner table and head for the door . they leave Mary Kelly to count through penny and farthing , settling up the bill . a voice behind she - abberline if you be happier on you own | understand , but | be wonder if | could buy you a grink ? Mary turn . she look he up and down . then she smile - mary a drink would be fovely . a small gin , thanks . abberline signal to the barman end sit down at the table . mary you must be new around here . abberline why 's thet ? dun 0 ' 9 D deta iem Rt matic ff autio he watch she react . abberline feign surprise . 32 mary well , you be polite for a start . abberline - =( smile ) ~ not new . ! work up the other end of whitechapel . I be a saddle - maker . mary I know a chap that be a saddle - maker up there - in folgate Street . abberline that 's Eric howell . no , I be down in brady Street , near Buck 's row . abberline yeah , that 's right - where that woman get murder . the place be full of gawker - can not even get in a pub . mary ( quietly ) I know she . the barman arrive with the drink . Mary take a hit . abberline one of the papers say it might have be a protection racket but | do not believe it . | mean , kill someone be not go to make she pay , be it ? mary it would other , though . they cut another friend of mine just the other night . you know what it 's like in the East end - woman be just trade . why not kill polly - there 's always another girl . it 's a business expense . one thing | do not understand , though , be the carriage . this be hard - boy - it 's not like they to be in 8 carriage . abberline ( surprised ) a carriage ? vee ct by acewer .. orr pay pae 33 mary yeah , they have to be , do not they ? Emily Holland say she see polly in whitechapel Road . twenty minute later , accord to the paper , polly be dead . she could not get from whitechapel Road to buck row in that time . abberline '' course she could - she just go up past Christchurch . mary how ? they be digging up the road . a mountain goat could not get through . abberline then she would cut across dorset Street and through dutfield 's yard . it 's a five minute walk to buck row . mary you would never make a detective , Mr saddlemaker - dutfield 's yard be where Annie chapman get cut . most of the work woman think evil stick to 8 place . polly be really superstitious , she would never have go near dutfield 's yard . not in a hundred year . no , the only way be by cab or carriage , no question . abberline spin it round in he head . finally - abberline Fred . mary what ? abberline my name . it 's not Mr saddiemaker , it 's Fred . Mary smile - it make she look even more beautiful . she put out she hand - mary Mary Kelly . wee oss ac be corr : ape pad 34 com abberline that 's clever , Mary - that thing about the carriage . can | get you another drink ? mary no , but thanks - I have get to earn my keep . they eye meet . they look at one another . mary you know , if you have a mind to , we could get a room . abberline look at she - he 's tempt , no doubt of that . then he shake he head - abberline no. | mean ... thanks , but | will not - not tonight . she smile at he . mary - first it be my virtue , now it 's my look . co thing be go from bad to worse . abbealine you know that 's not true . mary that 's nice of you to say , Fred . her eye be twinkle at he . abberline I would like to see you again , Mary - you know , just to sit down and have chat , maybe get a8 bite to eat . she look at he - serious . mary do not say it if you do not mean it , Fred . abberline I mean it . wee sess ec een . canne pee 35 mary it 's be a while since a man just want I for my company . I will make sure I be in here this week between ten and eleven . good night , Fred . abberline . g'night , Mary . smiling , she turn and go out the door . abberline sit down in he chair . the grin vanish from he face - he really like she , he 's lie to she and now she 's go to get hurt . thing seem a lot clearer a few hour ago . whitechapel road it 's a sparkling morning . a line of carriage be draw up on the side of the road - poorly - dress man and boy be wash they . uniform police move among the group , show a artist 's sketch of polly . one of they talk to 8 washer - boy . constable have you see blood in any of the carriage ? the boy shake he head - no . the cop move on . we rack focus - Mary Kelly , not pay any heed to the police , hurry along the crowded sidewalk . she hail a horse -drawn bus . a light -filled corridor Mary walk towards the front door of a apartment . she be about to knock when she realize - the door be open . she push it and step inside - the artist studio it 's the place where Mary send the letter . there 's no - one in the room - mary Mr sickert ... Mr sickert ! no answer . she cross the room and open one of several door on the far side . she look into a study . everything be in its place but there 's no walter sickert . mary it 's Mary Kelly ! I have come to talk to you about the letter . | need the money - 36 of a sound behind she . she spin - a man be at she shoulder ! dress in a suit , he 's come out of one of the other door - agent {'m the property agent . Mr sickert leave for Venice this morning . can | help you ? — mary Venice ? how long for ? agent it be all rather unexpected , but indefinitely , | believe . the color drain from Mary 's face - no sickert , no money . agent be you alright , madam ? mary yes ... yes , thank you . . as she turn and hurry out the room we hold on a newspaper lie on the desk . of across the top be the report of polly 's death . a train locomotive belchas steam as it approach liverpoo ! Street station . the track run right alongside the road . galloping down it be a beautiful horse - draw carriage - deep red lacquer and two livery footmen perch on its run board . for a moment the train and the carriage keep perfect pace - like the era itself , the past and the future run together in tandem . then the carriage swing aside and halt in front of the bishopsgate Police Station . inside the police station the desk sergeant escort one of the footmen into abberline 's office . a envelope be rip open . abberline read '' gilt -edge invitation . abberline co . you company be request ... to view . something of unique interest . we ee we ee en 7 down the bottom be a signature - Lady Jane d' urbanville . gas light illuminate the front of a large building . by they light we see a sign : London Hospital . a string of coaches pull up in front . a group of people include duchy and willy spill out . abberline offer Lady Jane he hand and help she down - abberline now be you go to tell we what we be do ? lady jane then it would not be a surprise , would it ? a marble lobby deep inside the hospital . a glitter crowd be milling about - distinguished doctor , socialite and patron of the hospital . they be wait for something to begin . abberline and Lady Jane stand pant way up a sweeping staircase , look down - lady jane do you recognize any of this people ? abberiine shake he head - no . Lady Jane indicate a beautifully - dress , dissolute man on the far side . lady jane that 's Lord norris . he kill a man in Italy over a gambling debt . not that anyone care much since he inherite he father 's estate . he 's richer than God . abberline better dress too , by the look of it . a overweight man catch Lady Jane 's eye . he raise a jewele hand in silent greeting . Lady Jane smile ever so sweetly but keep she voice low - lady jane the fat pig be the Duke of westminster . the woman next to he be suppesediy he wife but there 's not a boy in London who 's safe in he company . ) vue 6d ps acter . corre amicd fad 38 as Lady Jane continue she commentary , we push in on the crowd . a distinguished man turn away from he group . his glance fall on abberline and Lady Jane . he watch they for a beat . it 's Sir William gull . ding ! a bell ring . uniform attendant open a pair of large door . everyone enter - a SMALL lecture hall the row of tiere seat be full - doctor and surgeon at the front , socialite and patron at the rear . the light dim - a man step onto the stage . doctor treve distinguish colleague , lady and gentleman - it be my honor tonight to present @ unique medical phenomenon . until last week , Mr John merrick be a attraction at a travel sideshow . now he be be care for at one of the world 's lead hospital . with you generosity , 1 be sure we will be able to continue to do 80 . lady and gentleman - Mr John merrick , previously know as the elephant man . a half - naked man - he lower torso cover by a hospital gown - step out of the shadow . his face be terribly deform - a bulbous forehead , flap of gray wrinkle skin and a thick stump of bone , like a tusk , protrude from he upper jaw . several socialite , include Lady Jane , stifle a cry , other laugh . abberline stare at they , take aback they should gawk and laugh so freely at someone less fortunate . he took at Lady Jane - she 's all rapt attention , fascinate by merrick . then she turn snd smile brightly at abberline - lady jane be not you glad we come ? she take he arm and lean closer against he . a wood - paneled room waiter be serve drink at a reception follow Dr treves ' lecture . several aristocrat write out draft on they bank , contribute to the Doctor 's cause . merrick , dress in 8 suit now , talk to a group of prominent doctor . Lady Jane be at abberline 's side . she take a drink from a waiter and look around - lady jane Mr merrick 's a bigger draw than the egyptian mummy . 39 she see gull and motion he over - gull 's ankle be bandage , he walk with the help of a cane . he take Lady Jane 's hand and she kiss he on the cheek - lady jane what ever have you do to yourself ? gull {t 's nothing - just a sprain . lady jane Sir William gull , allow I to introduce mister Frederick abberline . perhaps you have read about Mr abberline - he 's investigate that murder in whitechapel . gull look anew at abberline . the two man shake hand . gull a grisly business , Inspector . the newspaper have a lot of theory - what about the police ? abberline information , Sir William , but nothing you could dignify with the term '' theory '' . not yet , anyway . gull yet ? that indicate confidence , Inspector . I be reassure already . how many murder have you investigate ? abberline thirty ... maybe more . gull and how many have you solve ? abberline all of they . gull very impressive . lady jane oh , yes , Sir William - Mr abberline 's quite outstanding . the Police commissioner tell I so himself . C ~ vee oe fo ac cor ferrt mee fae 40 this be news to abberline . Sir William see the flirtatious look she give abberline . gull well , it hardly seem likely then the murderer can iong evade capture . not unless he 's extraordinarily clever , of course . tell I , inspector - lady jane if you will excuse I - | should have at least one word with the freak . | do not want it get around I be a complete coward . the man bow as Lady Jane withdraw . gull so tell I - confidentially - he 's not just some slash and stab merchant be he , this whitechapel killer ? abberline why do you say that ? gull the coroner 's report in the Times list the woman 's injury . it do not say explicitly , but it seem to I , professionally speak , he disembowel she . abberline professionally speak ? be you a doctor , Sir William ? gull surgeon . abberline you be right - that 's exactly what he do . gull a lot of people would not appreciate how difficult that be . it teke a substantial knowledge of anatomy - and in the dark , blood everywhere , he heart probably pound - the close thing | could equate it to be the work of one of that fine battlefield surgeon . of course , for all we know that 's how he see himself + @ man on a battlefield of he own . se jue cb 9d let corl lenny mate fp aell rue 4 ) abberline a battlefield ? I be sorry - | do not follow . gull the eternal struggle between good and evil , of course . the smile ) naturally , it 's just speculation - who could really know what go through the mind of such 8 man ? I be probably make a fool of myself . for all ! know , right now the police be arrest a butcher . abberline not at all . we be look for a wealthy and intelligent man . he travel by carriage and that probably mean a accomplice . he can afford grape - they be out of season , Sir William , two shilling a pound down spitalfield 's market and that 's a lot of money in anyone 's language - gull grape , Inspector ? what have they get to do with it ? abberline I find one in the woman 's hand . | spend hour try to fathom why she do not cry out - surely somebody would have hear she . then I realize - he feed she grape . but first he brush they with laudanum . she be drugge , that 's why she do not scream . gull stare at he , impressed - gull obviously you reputation be well deserve , Mr abberline . before abberline can even shrug it off , Lady Jane return , flushed with she boldness at speak with merrick . jul 26 ' 9s 12:@5 pm terry haye film f.a3 42 lady jane you must forgive I , gentleman . { know ' have a weakness for handsome man but whoever give Mr merrick he stage name insulted the elephant . — she laugh , look up at abberline , hold he with she eye . gull turn to the inspector and put out he hand - gull a fascinating conversation , Inspector . | hope we can continue it some time . if l can be of any help , any help at all , please do not hesitate to call . abberline offer Lady Jane he arm - they head towards the door . gull do not take he eye off of abberline . the thame embankment it 's a beautiful evening - the light of the city reflect in the river , Tower Bridge breathtaking in the moonlight . abberline and Lady Jane have leave the hospital reception . they walk along the gas-lit path that follow the embankment , expensive home fine the street . Lady Jane 's carriage follow at a discrete distance . lady jane Sir William have a reputation for be arrogant . I have never hear he offer help to anyone . that 's quite a coup - he 's so well connect , too . abberline be that why you invite I - to make connection , m'lady ? lady jane you be so very formal - all this " m'lady '' business . it 's quaint but it 's not really necessary , you know . abberline why - what should | call you ? Jane ? lady jane well , if you be go to kiss 8 woman goodnight , that 's more appropriate , do not you think ? u yee ce fs ae eer . vera aee foot 43 she turn and give he she most dazzle smile . instead of take she in he arm , abberline 's face grow serious . abberline what of the future , Jane ? | mean - who be you father , the fourteenth Earl of Leicester ? you family have be aristocrat since magna carta . lady jane my family write the magna carta . she smile , but she 's only half joke . abberline you can hardly say we share a common background , can you ? lady jane no , but you come from a good family - you father 's a doctor . anyway , background can be lose in achievement . you be go to the top , | do not have any doubt . abberline ( quietly ) | always intend to , and if I be lucky I will make it to commissioner one day . the top copper , Jane - but a copper all the same . she move closer to he . unthinkingly , she straighten he tie - lady jane do not be so modest . with the right connection , a outstanding career as a police officer can open a host of door . Politics ... business ... diplomacy . can you imagine - ambassador in Rome ? she indicate the mansion all around they . through several window we see elegant , jewele people st dinner party - lady jane once you make it to this part of the world , Fred - people look after they own . everything 's possible . { she look up at he ) everything . yee CO fs see or ferri moy faulio 44 abberline hesitates . again he look at the beautiful house - it 's so far from where he begin , farther than anyone realize . he feel light -headed - the beautiful night , she perfume , the bright shine prize almost within he grasp . she lean towards he . he take she in he arm snd kiss she . a salvation army hall bare board and row of trestle table . it 's a soup kitchen - a line of rag people snake past cauldron of food . but right now everything be freeze - one of the salvation Army captain be lead everyone in grace . captain " ... for thine be the kingdom , the power and the glory . forever and ever . amen . " the room erupt in a clatter of plate and a rise tide of voice . Mary sit with Dark Annie , Liz and kate , a bow ! of soup and a Bible in front of each of they . dark annie Jesus , Mary ! | know it 's not you fault this bloke 's go away , but we have get to get money from somewhere . what be we go to do ? mary '' say we go and see ‘em - all of we . dark annie who ?! mary the Old nicho ! Street bloke . the other woman look at she , incredulous - kate do not be stupid ! mary we give ‘em what money we can , like 8 gesture of good faith . we tell ‘em we need more time to get on we foot . long liz on we back , you mean . vee oe > acter vera maite rae i ) 45 the other smile but there 's no joy in it - they be far too worried . Mary look at they for they response . dark annie ( softly ) - it 's a idea , Mary , and maybe it would work . but I can not to go - not after last time . I be not proud , I will say it - I be scared . Mary nod - she understand . she look at kate . kate I be only work another few day . John Kelly 's ask I to go hop - pick with he in Kent . the money 's not much but it 's a damn sight safer . no , Mary . it 's up to Long Liz . by nature she be 3 nervous sort of woman - long liz {'d go if the other be ... but you do not know this man . just the two of we - it 's ask for trouble . her voice trail away . silence . Dark Annie , kate and Liz look down at they food , sort of ashamed . we push in on Mary 's face . there 's a determination to it - a dark and empty STREET Mary - alone - walk through the shadow . she turn a corner - in the glow of a street lamp we see a sign on a wall : Old nichol Street . Mary stop in front of a building and step into - the bricklayer arm it 's a quiet pub . people turn and look . Mary make she way up to the bar . she speak so close to the ear of the bartender we can not catch what she say . the bartender indicate a table in the corner - mcqueen be hold court . several young woman , obviously prostitute , sit with geordie and the Old nichol Street boy . Mary approach they - she 's frighten but she 's damned if she 's go to show it . mcqueen turn and look at she . vee ee pe bot ue ferr eet eee 46 mary a couple of you bloke know a friend of mine - Annie chapman . Dark Annie . the back of the pub be a pig-sty : pile of trash , empty beer barrel , a tiny out - house for the woman . Mary hand mcqueen and geordie a bag of coin . mary there 's eighteen shilling - that 's from the four of we . it would have be more , but a chap that 's go to help we have 10 go away . mcqueen and geordie look at each other - they be surprised about the money but they do not let Mary know it . mcqueen yeah , well - when 's he expect back , this chap of yours ? mary a week , maybe . we need time to give you the rest , that 's why I be here . mcqueen a week you say ? at least you make a effort . all right , then . Mary turn , about to go , but she can not contain herself . she turn back . mary why do you do that to polly ? if you would have just show she the knife it would have scared she half to death . mcqueen polly ? mary yes , polly . and next time you want to send we a message just come to Miller 's rent . mcqueen we do not kill polly Nichols . ee ee er hera als fee 47 mary oh , save that for the copper ! mcqueen 's hand flash out and grab Mary by the neck . he pull she close - '' mcqueen listen - we get a business here . sometimes we have to encourage the punter , like with Annie . but kill polly Nichols - why the fuck would we bring that shit down on whitechapel ? Mary look into he eye and know it 's the truth . she tremble , shake by it - mcqueen what 's wrong with you ? mary I think we could deal with you , Mr mcqueen . but I and the other woman have to work that street . now somebody 's kill one of we . I be scared + that 's what 's wrong with I . mcqueen ' never think I would see the day when a woman would miss deal with Tom mcqueen . God , what 's the fuck world come to ?! he push Mary aside . he and geordie head back into the pub . a sprig of grape lie on the ground in a narrow passage - way just off dorset Street . from ahead , we hear voice - Dark Annie have find herself 8 customer . she lead gull towards a dark and desert yard at the back of a row of tenement . dark annie ( laugh , sort of high ) look at I staggerin ' will you ? you would think | be drunk . gull we can stop here if you want . 48 dark annie no , I be just tired or something . everything seem like it 's float . it feel nice . gull excellent , Annie - that 's excellent . they keep walk , enter - the yard Dark Annie prop herself against a tall fence . gull put down the leather briefcase . Annie turn to face he . she touch he face - dark annie you be 8 handsome man . ( she laugh ) | just wish you nose no stay still , that 's all . gull be you ready , Annie ? dark annie gettin 's all bother be you ? ( she grab he crotch ) gawd - it 's hard enough , be not it ? he strike she hand away . gull 's mask of civility drop - he grab she by the shoulder and spin she sround . but Annie , drugge and disorient , laugh - dark annie ooh - want it doggie-style , do you ? gull slip he finger around she throat . he start to tighten they - she gasp and try to tear free but the drug seem to have sap she strength . in the first murder , gull be nervous but now he start to find pleasure in he work . he strangy she with one hand while the other go to she bodice . he rip open the button , expose she breast . his hand slide towards they . Annie fight for air - she eye bulge . gull smile . the yard next door aman come out the back of the adjoin tenement . this be Albert cadosch , 2 carpenter , head out early for work . he unzip he fly , and start to pee . he see nothing - but from next door , he hear a cry . wee ss tl oer eer es lr . aes fas 49 dark annie ( 0.s. ) no ... cadosch listen - a couple of whimper sound - then he decide what it be . cadosch fuckin 's whore ! why do not you do you business somewhere else . he turn and walk back inside . the yard Annie fight for she life . her finger tear at gull 's expert stranglehold but she 's grow weaker by the moment . her eye roll back in she head and she body shake as she go through the death rattle . gull let she crumple to the ground . he turn , open the briefcase and select a long point knife - gull now I 'fi give you some artistry , Mr abberline . inside the morgue tt 's 4.30 be , still dark outside . abberline watch as Doctor lewellyn pull back the sheet from a body , revealing the face . abberline turn to the sergeant - abberline ft 's polly Nichols 's friend , be not it ? sergeant yeah . Annie chapman 's she name . abberline what sbout the injury - similar ? doctor lewellyn worse . he laid open the abdomen , severe the intestine and put they over she shoulder . the uterus , the womb and its attachment be remove , include - abberline all right , George . jue co SD de - cor tammi merce rachis 50 he turn away . he rub he eye - he 's weary , drain . abberline Jesus . where do you even start with a man like this ? he look at they . silence . nobody can answer . outside the morgue reporter and sightseer all over the place - whitechapel 's rumor mill have be spread the news for the last hour . the reporter surge forward as abberline come out the front door . they yell question but abberline , grim -face , shoulder he way through . a ugly murmur rise up from the crowd - woman shout abuse at abberline . they want the police to do something - two murder in a couple of day ! abberline stare at they - he know they be frighten but still he 's shocked . he get into a wait cab . the driver crack he whip . the horse push through ... inside the ringers Mary Kelly have be cry . it 's about 9 be - there 's only a few hard - core drinker in the pub . she sit alone , pale and frighten . walter ringer put a glass in front of she and fill it with gin . he put out he hand for payment - mary I be skint , Mr ringer . can you put it on the slate ? he go to take the drink sway - then he look at she face . ringer just this once , ' cos of Dark Annie , that 's all . you pay I tomorrow , you hear ? she nod she head . unseen by Mary , abberline come through the front door and look around . he see Mary in the corner and make he way towards she . Mary pick up the glass but she hand 's tremble . before she can get it to she mouth , liquor splashes onto the table . mary {to herself ) damn - get a grip ! abberline ( 0.s. ) 1 know a man with a problem like that . 51 Mary turn . she try to smile - she really be pleased to see he . he pull up a chair . abberline he drank himself into a early grave , but you . know what he use to do ? _ she shake she head - no . abberline lean close and drape he handkerchief around the back of she neck . one end he put in she leave hand , the other he wrap around the glass of liquor . he clamp she right hand around it - abberline now pull down you leave hand . the handkerchief around she neck act like a pulley . the farther she pull down with she leave hand , the higher she right hand and the glass rise up . it get it to she mouth without spilling 8 drop . despite she trouble , she can not help smile . abberline see , work like a charm . of course , the man | learn it from be a alcoholic - that 's why he could not hold a glass . what about you ? mary you hear about Annie chapman ? abberline nod . Mary start to say something but she can not - tear fill she eye . abberline there 's a writer call oscar wilde - he 's get 2 play on now . one of the character say '' to lose one parent may be a misfortune ; to lose both look like carelessness '' . you could say the same about friend . what 's go on , Mary ? she look at he , not sure how far she can trust he . they eye meet - abberline 's do not waver . she 's tempt to unburden herself but then she think better of it - mary nothing . work girl stick together . they have to - we be sort of outcast , be not we ? | guess a lot of girl know both of ‘em . ee ee the 52 abberline it seem strange ... there must be more to it than that . listen - | want to help you , Mary . just give I a chance . mary there 's nothing more to it , Fred . it 's nice of you to offer , but anyway - what could you do ? he reach into he coat and give she three one pound note . abberline '' want you to get a proper room and stay off the street . that 's a start . she stare at he for a moment , unbely - mary can not take this , Fred . abberline " course you can . now go on . mary but ... why be you do this ? abberline I tell you | could help , do not I ? Mary look at he . the money could be a life -saver - literally . she put she arm around he neck and kiss he . Men turn and look . abberline gently disentangle she arm . she take hold of he hand - mary | do not always do this work , Fred . ever since | be thirteen I have have real job . for five year | be a lace - maker - but then that go bad and what can you do ? virtue 's easy on a full stomach . it 's different when you be starve . abberline yeah , but be not there other job ? 53 mary not in my line - machine be do it all , and it 's hard - you grow up in treland , most of the kid barely get a education . | try everything - | sell flower down at St James then I work as a artist 's model , last year 1 be live in a lovely place in Cleveland Street . sort of like home help . abberline what happen ? mary ( evasive ) oh , there be trouble ... a lot of trouble , Fred . nothing to do with I but it all come to a end - ! be out on the street . line note the evasion . Mary be look down at the money , think of the possibility . she can not help but be excited - mary there 's a woman | know , a good irish Catholic - she run a board house in owyer Street . it 's clean and there 's two meal a day . it would be just like Cleveland Street . only better . ( pause ) I have never ask you - but be you marry , Fred ? he just look at she . a beat . abberline no ... no , I be not marry . mary you could come ' round ... you know , stay the night ... only if you want , but it 's not like I be save myself , be it ? I would like it , Fred . | really would ... abberline look around , not sure what to say . he smile at she - abberline maybe ... let 's see , shall we ? vee cs Fe se ee ce . Ames ras 54 mary olaugh ) you be right - I be always rush thing . but just say you will , Fred . abberline ~ there 's nothing you want to tell I about polly and Annie , be there ? you be be honest with I , be not you ? mary sure | be . she smile at he . he smile back . but he do not believe she . he look st the clock . abberline gawd - time | be go . he get up . Mary lean forward and kiss he cheek - mary you be a good man , Fred . you really be . he squeeze she hand , turn and leave . cleveland STREET be a pleasant road - a couple of grand old house , apartment , a good number of shop . it be busy - Saturday morning , a clear and crisp autumn day . abberline be go door to door . he come out of a small cobbler 's store and enter a - grocer 's shop abberline be talk to the owner . he lay out a copy of one of the tabloid and point at a photograph take at polly 's burial . it show the woman near the grave - abberline her name 's Mary Kelly - do you recognize she ? grocer she live down the road with a lass call Annie crook . she have a baby - Annie do - a lovely little girl as | recall . vee CO 3d ace aare hora mee faerid rie 55 abberline you know the house ? grocer a basement flat - but it will not do you no good . the police come for Annie - at feast most of we think they be police . they be in plain-clothes but who else would have block off the whole road ? abberline they block off the road to arrest one woman ? grocer that 's right . abberline have you get a minute , Mr baxter ? | want you to tell I everything you remember . Mr baxter nod . he go and close the front door of the shop . dwyer STREET it 's just after lunch , the same day . Mrs finnane 's board house have a sign hang out the front : room to let gentlewoman only inside one of the room Mary , look more rest and happier than she have for day , be wash she underwear in a small bowl . a knock on the door . she turn , instantly alert , scared - mary who be it ? abberline ( 0.s. } Fred ... Fred abberline . Mary 's face fight up - he 's come to see she ! she fly into action - grab underwear off a drying line , try to tidy up , look in a mirror , cursing she hair and make -up . she call out , excited - yee os fs ner aare . cemad mate rau 56 mary give I a minute . you should have warn I . this place be a meas ... in the corridor abberline wait in front of the door . it swing open - revealing Mary , she hair fix , lipstick on . one look at abberline 's stony face and she know something be wrong - mary what be it ? abberline why do not you tell I about Cleveland Street ? mary what ..? the bedroom abberline enter and close the door behind he . abberline who be they - the man that come and take Annie crook and she baby ? why do they do that , Mary ? mary what be you do in Cleveland Street ? what give you the right to go digging in people 's life ?! abberline I have get every right . I be not a saddiemaker , Mary . I be a copper . Mary stare at he . whatever dream she have be turn to ash - mary a copper ? it be just lie ... all that stuff about want to see I ... you fet I make a fool of myself ! all you want be information ... God , | tell you , I have be use by man but never like this - gee CO 8d sei sere lerrt mile fan 57 abberline listen , Mary - mary you listen ! you may not think much of woman like I , but remember what | ~ tell you - '' do not say it if you do not mean it '' . what give you the right to lie and cheat with other people 's emotion ? and the three quid , ! suppose that be some sort of reward , be it ? what a pity you do not mention what it be for ! she pull out a banknote and throw it at he . abberline try to catch hold of she but she wrench free . mary I be so stupid ! | should have listen to my head , not my heart . it be you hand , Fred - ( she stop , correct herself ) I be sorry , | mean ... what be it - sergeant ? abberline inspector . mary oh , Inspector - | guess | should be flatter . | look at you hand and | swear to God , it cross my mind - that be not a saddiemaker 's hand . but | put it aside ... you know why ? because | want to believe ... | want to believe so much . for some people that 's the only thing they have get . that 's what you have take from I - not money , not my body , but the last thing | have . arrest I or get out , Inspector . she indicate the door but he stand he ground . abberline I do not have to tell you , Mary . | could have keep play you along . but { choose not to . why do you think | do that ? mary you tell I - you be the detective . i jul 26 'ss 12:12 pm terry haye film ~ fss ~ 58 abberline because | care about you . that 's why | give you the three quid - to keep you sefe . how could | tell you who | be - '' know you would not talk to the police . never mean to hurt you , Mary . mary pretty word , Fred - but that 's all they be . | do not believe anything you say . you be pull yourself if you think t could trust you . now go , will you ?! she 's close to tear . she turn away from he . abberline like it or not , you be go to have to talk to I . I be a copper . | want to know who the toff be that come to visit . a aristocrat , people say . mary 1 do not know who he be . abberline bullshit ! a year or more he come , and you do not know he name ! mary he do not use he real name ! Albert Victor he call himself . there - be you satisfied ?! just go , will you ! abberline and Annie crook - what happen to she ? where 's she ? mary ( soft ) 1 do not know where Annie be . abberline oh , come on ...! she turn and look at he - she face be crumpling with tear - jul 26 ' 95 12:12 pm terry haye film p.62 59 mary I do not know ! | searched for she . | even go to the police . bloody liar ! they Said they have not even arrest she . she might as well have vanish ! be that enough ? go on - go ! he look at she face - she 's cry , anguish . at least about Annie , she 's tell the truth . abberline turn and go towards the door . just inside , he put some money on a table - several pound . mary what 's that for ? abberline like | say - | want to keep you safe . he 's out the door and go before she can protest . night be falling lantern illuminate a group of government building . in a courtyard be a sign : Scotland yard uniform police , finish work for the day , spill out the front door . go against the tide be abberline . he disappear inside . a stack of old file be dumped onto a wooden counter . a ancient man in uniform , he must be 80 if he 's a day , wipe away the dust . he be the keeper of the record - all around he be shelf pile with police file . he push the stack across to abberline - old man you can look for yourself . that 's the file on every case investigate in that area for the last five year . I be tellin’ you , though - there 's nothing about 24 Cleveland Street . abberline what about the girl - Annie crook ? old man we have get a system of cross-referencing . there 's nothing on she either . of jue Ed '' SD dctesr tenn : mo ran 60 abberline say she would die , would she file have be put somewhere else ? old man no . if you be bear in this file , you die in this file . she 's no deader than you orl - {he laugh ) well , no deader than you , anyway . but like | say Inspector , you be welcome to look for yourself . abberline shake he head - no . he start to leave . then he remember something . he turn back - abberline one of the resident say he hear the name of a copper . he do not know he rank or anything but he say he think he be a senior man . Mr kidney they call he . a shadow pass across the old man 's face - old man there 's only one bloke | know of that name , not that you will find he list anywhere . superintendent Ben kidney . he work for the special branch . abberline {taken aback ) Jesus . be that why there would be no file ? old man oh , there would be a file alright , but they keep all that stuff to '' emselve . you will not find out nought from they . dirty bastard , if you ask I . abberline yeah , that 's they reputation all right . more worried than ever , he turn and go . eee 6s ss ee ere cone mmte fee 61 sir charle warren stand in the corner of he beautiful , wood - panele office . it 's a cozy place on this cold night - a fire in the hearth , gas light on the wail . Sir Charly pour scotch from a crystal decanter and carry two glass to a pair of arm-chair . abberline sit in one of they - ~ sir charle no , I be not go to authorize it - mainly because | can not . the special branch teport directly to the Home Secretary . abberline but you know the Prime Minister , Sir Charles , he could direct the Home Secretary - sir charle for one file ? abberline for a murder investigation . sir charle ( smile ) that 's just a guess , Fred - a wild one | might say . | do not believe this event have anything to do with the whitechapel murder . {he lean forward ) you know the special branch - God know what they be do in Cleveland Street , but I be not go to let you or the Department get sweep into something we do not understand . abberline we be already , Sir Charles . sir charle dammit , Fred ! you know what | mean . this be a murder investigation - a difficult one , | grant you - but you be a outstanding officer . | suggest we drop this line of inquiry and pursue something more substantial . wee CO fy setae ) dere mril pauli r.c 62 abberline if I be 8 good officer , it 's because my intuition - sir charle | say no , Fred . again the two man look at one another . Sir Charles roll the scotch around in he glass . he soften - sir charle you say yourself he be a aristocrat . he use a alias for a reason , do not you think ? | would not mind if this be go to serve some useful purpose , but it 's not go to help either of we , be it ? you understand what I be say ? abberline understand alright . abberline yes ... yes , | suppose | do , Sir chary . sir charle excellent . to we health , then . ( he raise he glass ) cheer . the steeple of christchurch rise up into the night . on either side of the road prostitute walk they beat . Mary stand under a street lamp , wait for business . abberline come towards she . despite the anger she feel towards he , she do not want he to see she like this . she turn away , but too late - he 's see she . abberline 1 go to the board house . a bloke there say you look like you be dress for work . mary a woman 's get to earn a live . abberline what about the money ! give you ? jul 26 °95 12:14 pm terry haye film f.6a 63 mary kve still get it . I be try to earn as much as | can - I be go back to treland , and do not think of give I any more , inspector . I would rather earn — it this way than take it from you . abberline | be not think of it , I be here because | want to know something . what be you mix up in , Mary ? mary t be not mix up in anything . she start to turn away but he reach out , grab she shoulder and spin she back . abberline listen to I ! that be not the police down in Cleveland Street - that be the specia ! branch . do you know who they be ? they be set up to deal with you countryman , Mary . they brief be to catch the irish bomber . they do not exactly respect the law - they do not have to . they report directly to the government . this be hard man , Mary . killer . what the fuck be they do in Cleveland Street ? Mary 's frighten by the thing about the special branch but she 's not go to show it - mary you already know - they come for Annie . abberline why ? what else ?! mary maybe it be Albert Victor . how would I know - | be just the help ! abberline you be she friend - what do she tell you ? wen ee 3d GE asrt iemm ) mind faun 64 mary I do not know anything about the special branch . I be just try to earn a live . now leave I alone ! she pull she arm free of he grip , turn and walk away . abberline watch she head down dorset Street . he set off himself - then stop and look back . Mary have be stop by 8 man - she 's smile at he , tucking the hair back from she beautiful eye . abberline can not help it - he 's angry and jealous . he turn snd keep walk , not want to see how the man 's proposition be resolve . a squat stone build the ground rumble with a fast approach roar . it 's night - through a tall iron railing a train flash by . abberline cross a courtyard and enter the heavily bar front door of the building . this be the office of the special branch . inside the build a police constable sit behind a security grill . abberline stand on the other side . he open he wallet and show a gold crest - the badge of he rank . abberline . ( mumble ) Inspector adderly , here to see mister kidney . the constable barely look at the name ( adderly and abberline be close anyway ) - he recognize the crest as genuine . he indicate a clock on the wall - constable it 's dinner time . superintendent kidney 's not back yet , sir . abberline nsmile ) and the bastard say he have a big job on - 3 big job with a knife and fork obviously . he say to wait in he office . the constable smile back and open the grill . constable you know the way , sir ? o> wee ce ss acer ceri ans peed 65 abberline third floor , be not it ? constable second . abberline make a show of remember and head towards the stair . the courtyard Three man head towards the stone building . Ben kidney , the senior man , be in he 40' . drass in a fine gabardine coat , there 's a air of sophistication to he . but it 's he eye that give he away - they be hard and cruel . with he be Tom Press , in he 20' , and a brutal - look man call garret brack - also member of the special branch . the light from a candle flicker in a third - floor window . tom somebody 's work fate ... kidney follow the direction of he gaze . kidney whoever it be , I be gonna take they ball off . how many time have } tell ‘em - you can not use a open light in the file room ? one day they will burn the whole shitbox down . in the file room abberline be work fast , search through the rack of file that line the wall . screech ! abberline jump - then he realize it 's the whistle of a train on the track right next to the building . the smoke from its engine , visible through two fong window st the back of the room , throw strange shadow across the wail . the front desk the constable uniock the security grill , admit kidney and the two other man . constable Inspector adderly 's here , sir . | send he up to you room . kidney who ? I be not expect anyone . vue oc bs are gora . mms pee 66 the constable stare at kidney , confuse . a beat . kidney Jesus Christ - the file room ! the three of they race for the stair . the file room abborline 's get a cabinet open at the letter '' c " , tear through the file , search tor '' Cleveland Street '' . nothing . he keep look . from outside the room - bam ! kidney ( 0.s. ) shit ! abberline react - he early warning system have be trigger . the corridor kidney be in a heap on the floor , trip by a thin wire stretch across the darken corridor . he scramble up , mouth twisted in anger . the file room abberline search furiously . he stop at a file . on the top - '' crook , Annie Mary '' . he rip the file out of the cabinet . it contain a single sheet of paper - a official document , like a admission form . printed across the top be the word : marylebone workhouse the corridor there be two door into the file room . kidney motion to Press and brack - they approach one door , kidney take the other . simultaneously , they burst in - the file room be empty . the lantern flicker on a table . drawer be open , the room in disarray . kidney 's eye search the shadow - the intruder could be anywhere . he draw a gun . slowly he move forward - screech ! kidney jump - then realize , it 's just the train whistle . ee oses not sr ere Ames fee 67 he look at one of the tall window - smoke from the train 's locomotive spill through 8 tiny crack at the top . someone have not close it properly ! kidney motion to Press and brack . they close in on one window , kidney on the other . outside the build abberline dangle between the two window , he hand grip the iron gutter , nothing support he foot . the railway track be fifty foot below . he watch the shadow inside the room . they move closer - smash ! fist come through the glass on either side of he . he only have a second to think - kidney 's head be out the window , the gun rise , he finger on the trigger . abberline look down - train carriage hurtle along the track . kidney 's finger tighten . abberline drop ! kidney fire - miss . abberline plunge down - the roof of the train he hit the roof of the carriage and tumble - towards the edge . his hand grab a iron conduit on the roof . he lie there , spread -eagle on top of the speed train . in the file room kidney lean out the window . watch the figure of the man grow smaller . kidney who the fuck be that ? the train disappear into a tunnel . a huge arched room the ceiling be support by three massive beam . a slogan be paint on each of they : God !s good ; God be Holy ; God be just . we tilt down to several hundred woman - some infirm , some retarded , all dress in gray smock . they sit at work bench do simple sewing - sheet , pillow case , sack , this be marylebone work House - a pauper 's prison . a female Governor step onto a observation platform . abberline stand behind she . governor ( call out ) Annie crook ... Annie Mary crook ! a woman stumble to she foot . she 's in she late 20' and must have be quite beautiful once . now she hair be lank , shoulder stoop , she eye dull and vacant . je 6d fd 4c adr ferri amicd fauld reer inside a office Annie sit on 8 chair , twist the sleeve of she smock . the Governor and a resident doctor watch as abberline pull up a chair and sit in front of she - abberline Annie , | want to ask you some question - Annie do not look at he . she keep stare straight ahead . her voice be dull , flat - annie | want my Alice . | climb out but she do not . abberline who 's Alice - be that you baby ? annie we call she Alice ' cos of that book Albert read I ... all about a little girl that go down the rabbit hole . abberline Annie , listen - annie and there be a Queen , 8 wick old Queen and the Queen say '' off ... off with she ... off with she head ! '' she look up at abberline - there be tear in she eye . abberline speak gently - abberline it 's just a story , Annie . annie no ! | want my Alice . | climb out ... abberline look to the Governor for help . she shake she head - governor I do not waste time with book , but I be tell it 's from '' Alice in wonderland '' . that 's atl she talk about - '' Annie in wonderland '' - that 's what they should have call it . ha ! ha ! abberline look et the doctor - be eg are cert are fa 69 doctor I be afraid the Governor 's right - you will get no sense from Annie . Annie be still rambling on about the child 's story . abberline shake he head - what can you do ? the Governor take Annie by the arm and lead she out . abberline what be the cause of it ? doctor there 's a number of serious medical condition for which it be necessary to remove the thyroid gland . this be before she come here , of course . unfortunately one of the side effect be almost a total loss of memory . abberline do you know anything about she ? be there a case file or anything like thet ? doctor not that | know of , Inspector , but she come from guy 's Hospital . they would save she life or something . | remember because they tell I the name of the surgeon involved - he 's one of the finest in the land . Sir William gull . abberline just look at he . a beat .. doctor be you alright , Inspector ? abbealine yes ... yes , I be fine , thank you . a statue of queen victoria stand st the entrance to guy 's Hospital . it 's dusk , the sun start to set . we crane up from the Queen 's face to a window high above . through the glass - a large wood - paneled office Sir William gull sit behind he desk , he injure ankle propped up on a stool . he watch abberline open he briefcase and take out a file . ww oo fd erate err rls pee 70 abberline this ere the coroner 's report on the two murder . | be hope you might be able to help in regard to the weapon . gull the weapon , Inspector ? abberline yes . !f you look at the report on the first murder , it say the wound be so deep , they be probably do with a ax . I do not think that 's possible - there 's not enough room to wield a ax ina carriage . gull of course not . the coroner 's report - fascinating ... he pick up the file and start to read . abberline study the man - the arrogant face , the soft flesh , the expensive clothes . he glance at gull 's doe-skin boot rest on the stool . it 's obviously hand - make - press into the heel be the bootmaker 's personal mark , a three - turrete castle . gull lay the file down - gull {t certainly be not a ax . it seem from the wound it be a long double edge blade . one have to wonder how this coroner get the job . abberline 1 often think that myself . so , in a confine space without much force behind it , the weapon would have to be incredibly sharp , would not it ? you be say before , this be probably 8 man with a substantial knowledge of anatomy - 1 think you mention a battlefield surgeon . what sort of weapon do you think a man like that would use , Sir witliam ? gull well , there 's a number of possibility ... of course , be double edge narrow it down . the word '' battlefield '' bring at least one instrument to mind . jee CO DS ae be corr Med ran 7 he smile as he reach into he drawer and pull out the long double - blade knife he use to kill polly . he hand it to abberline - gull it 's call a liston knife , name after 8 brilliant surgeon in the crimean War . because there be no anesthetic he have to carry out amputation as quickly as possible . he design the knife so that he could have a leg '' on the sawdust " in under a minute . naturally | can not say it 's the weapon , but it do fit we criterion - about ten inch long , double -edge , serrate , two narrow ridge to fold back the flesh and drain away the blood . it 's a beautiful instrument , surgically speak , of course . abberline turn the instrument over in he hand - abberline every surgeon would have one ? gull yes . they be standard issue in 8 portable amputation kit . but even if I be right , I be afraid it do not do we much good , inspector - you can get they at any medical supply shop . apart from that . the army must have thousand of they . gull take the knife back and return it to the drawer . abberline but it 's a start - a liston knife . thank you , Sir William , as always you have be 8 great help . abberline get up , shake gull 's hand - then stop . he make out he have just remember - abberline oh , there be one other thing . stupid of I , | almost forget - do you femember 3 woman by the name of Annie crook ? se et od odd 72 he look straight at gull , watch for he reaction . gull 's eye flicker for a moment , he hand go to straighten he tie , then he change he mind . a beat . gull ~ Annie crook ...- such a common name . no ... | can not say | do . why ? abberline h's nothing really ... she seem to have some small connection to one of the woman involved . it turn out she be 2 patient of yours . | be wonder if you know anything about she . gull a patient of mine - where ? abberline here at guy 's . gull a lower class woman , be she ? abberline yes , | suppose she be . gull smile , act as if the mystery be solve - gull like most surgeon , ! do a substantial smount of pro-bono work . | perform mine at guy . you could hardly call such people patient - | just do the surgery on the list . naturally , | do not know snything about this people . abberline naturally . still , | hope you do not mind I ask . goodnight , Sir William . gull goodnight , Inspector . he watch abberline go . for the first time , despite he arrogance , he feel uneasy . 73 the music room of Lady Jane 's mansion - guest in formal wear listen to a dinner recital . abberline have come straight from he meeting with gull . he hurry along @ terrace , hope to slip in unobserve . Lady Jane see he . she go onto the terrace - lady jane I hold dinner as long as | could , but | have no idea - she look at he face - he 's agitate , worried . lady jane what 's wrong ? abberline | go to see Sir William gull . she wait for he to go on . ha do not - he 's think about something . lady jane you go to see Sir William - and ? abberline he lie to I . lady jane Sir William ? for heaven 's sake - you must be mistaken . abberline 1 see it , Jane - the flicker in he eye , the nervous hand that go to straighten he tie ... he be lie . lady jane he 's one of the most highly respected man in London . abberline '' know he reputation . lady jane 1 do not think you do . he 's physician in ordinary to she majesty the Queen . | do not | tell you he be very well connect ? dee sss aera srs herr . mase fes 74 abberline 's shocked - physician to the Queen ? where do all this end ? lady jane what do you say he ... '' lie '' ... about ? abberline there be a young woman .... a work class girl he operate on . he say he do not recall she . lady jane why would he ? he must have have thousand of patient . | can hear it in you voice - you be not even sure yourself , be you ? abberline of course you doubt ... there be always doubt . but I have be in the force fifteen year . |! know what | see . lady jane co and why would he lie about it ? abberline I do not know . there 's someone else involved - a aristocrat . he call himself Albert Victor - but that sound like two first name . he look at Lady Jane to see if the name mean anything to she - lady jane do not look at I - i be sure ! do not know . abberline there 's a book , be not there - it list knignt and lord ? lady jane earl , viscount , marquis and duke . it 's call burke 's peerage . co the page of a book be turn . abberline sit alone in Lady Jane 's library , work by candlelight . jul 26 °95 12:19 pm terry haye film p.76 75 he be search the page of a huge book . the door open - lady jane Fred - it 's almost 3 be . abberline I know ... he lean back in the chair and rub he eye . he 's so tired he can barely see . lady jane have you think - maybe Albert Victor 's a completely invent name ? abberline yes | have , but it 's what the woman who love he use . it 's all I have get . lady jane what - and she do not remember anything else ? abberline just that she have a daughter . she go down the rabbit hole and the wick old queen say '' off with she head '' . lady jane '' Alice in wonderland '' - that 's helpful . but abberline barely hear she - he 's follow a think . abberline she remember she daughter name ... ! wonder ... why could not she mind hold onto something else ...? Lady Jane look at he , lose . she shrug . lady jane I be sorry , Fred - it 's too late for child 's storey . I be go to bed . abberline ( distract ) yes , all right ... good night . wee ce fs ee eat ce mens pee 76 he leaf backwards through the page - very fast . Lady Jane leave . abberline keep look - then he stop . he stare at the page . we do not see what 's on it but we see he face . he 's scared now . very , very scared . early morning the street at the front of bishopsgate Police station be come to life . a cab draw up and abberline , look exhaust , get out . he go up the front step and into the station . a constable behind the desk look up . constable there 's be a letter , sir . inside abberline's office the sergeant and several other cop watch as abberline read aloud part of a handwritten letter . abberline '' lam down on whore and sha not quit tipping they ' till | do get buckle ... the next job | do I will clip the lady 's ear off , just for jolly ... '' ( he throw it down on the desk - tired ) it 's bullshit . detective how do you know ? there 's be other case - abberline the killer 's intelligent . he do not write letter in red ink that start with '' dear boss '' and he certainly do not call himself '' Jack the ripper '' . ( he rub he eve ) it 's a hoax . sergeant I do not think so , Fred . abberline Christ - not you too , Pete ! eee 6s fs ec cere orr me ran 77 ro sergeant . ' do not think it 's a hoax . | think one of the bastard from the gutter press write it . . abberline stare at he . the logic of what he say sink in . " abberline who ? that idiot best from '' the Star " , the one who dreamt up leather apron ? sergeant probably . invent a letter , send it to the copper and then just report on development . can you think of a better way of keep the story go ? abberline run he finger through he hair - abberline Jesus ! ( look at he watch ) I have get to go . the door of mary room open a crack . she 's not dress yet , cover herself with a blanket . she look through the gap at abberline - mary ( surprised ) what do you want ? abberline T want you to come with I . mary be you arrest I ? abberline if | have to . I will wait outside while you get dress . she swing the door open , let he in . mary ( 2 why bother ? it do not matter , do it , Inspector - a woman like I , you can see all you want for three pence . BU acer . ferre maile feed 78 she let the blanket fall , revealing she naked body , and walk to the chair where she clothes be lie . abberline pick up the blanket and throw it at she - _ - abberline — - of course it matter ! he turn he back , allow she to get dress . for a moment , she just look at he - still hurt and caring about he . mary so ... where be we go ? abberline the open of parliament . the Queen arrive at nine o'clock . mary parliament ? abberline what 's wrong - not interested in democracy , Mary ? mary of course | would be - if anyone in England practice it . she 's pull on she drass and shoe - she 's ready . palace road run from the gate of Buckingham Palace to the house of parlisment . the street be line with sightseer . uniform police keep they back as rank of ceremonial troops pass by - the Household cavalry , the life Guard , the Imperial dragoon ... a cheer go up for the Queen 's gold - encrust State coach . the dour old woman , dress in she perpetual black , sit alone , wave at she subject . follow close behind be dozen of other coaches carry member of the Royal family and the country 's lesd noblemen . in the second rank be a magnificent vehicle trim in gold . driving it - ramrod straight and dress in finery - be a man we recognize . John netley ! vee 6s fs ae be . err . pee fee 79 in the crowd abberline and Mary push through to the front . the coaches be approach the gate to the house of parliament . abberline point out netley 's coach ( they can not see the driver 's face because the footmen and postillion block he from view . ) abberline the second coach ! look at the man inside ... look at he face ... understand ? Mary nod she head - yes . she step out onto the road . the coach draw abreast of they . Inside a man sit alone . it 's Albert Victor . he turn - Mary look through the window . the man start to wave at what he think be a enthusiastic subject . then he stop - he and the woman have see each other before ... a year ago in a basement apartment . Mary stare at he . he look back . then the coach be go , pass through the gate and into the forecourt of the house of parliament . abberline be it he , Mary ?! mary {soft } who be he ? abberline feel he stomach turn as the truth be confirm . abberline Albert Victor . Prince Edward Albert Victor Christian . grandson of her majesty the Queen . heir to the throne of England . Mary stare at he - God , what have she bring down on herself ? all around they , the crowd be disperse . abberline speak softly - abberline l can not see all the thread , Mary - not half of they | should not think - but the special branch ere involved , so 's the Queen 's surgeon and the Prince himself . God know where else it lead . but there 's one thing ! can not fathom - the connection to polly and Dark Annie . he look at she , hope she will volunteer something but she do not . 80 oo abberline ' find you friend Annie crook , you know ? mary Annie ? where ?! abberline it do not matter - she will not know you . she have a operation - maybe it be necessary , but it just so happen it destroy she memory . mary ( close to tear ) but ... memory be like someone 's life . abberline | suppose they be but that 's what we be deal with . what 's the connection , Mary ? help I . of but now she 's more frighten than ever - mary 1 do not know . abberline T will tell you what | think - you do something or you know something . '' think you be the link . mary you be wrong , Inspector . abberline I know you do not trust copper - I especially ! - and if you be frighten , you have get every right to be , but you have get to give I a chance . you have get to help , Mary ! mary ica not . of abberline turn away - frustrated , angry . he take a second to compose himself . wee to are pee 81 mary I would better be go ... abberline how much money have you get ? mary why ? abberline i do not believe you , Mary - I think you be in danger . more danger than | probably realize . if I be right , you must not go anywhere you be know , you can not work , can you ? stick to the poor neighborhood - you have get a better chance of be lose there . stay in that lodging house , but only as long as nobody know you . that take money . can you afford it ? Mary look at he - tenderness in she eye . mary I will ask Mrs finnane if | can work for fodging . if she will do it , it will be char work in the kitchen - four in the morning ' till after dinner time and I will still have to pay for my food . but with what you give I , I will be able to manage for a while - I 'l ! have to will not |? but thanks , anyway . time to go . they look at one another . a beat - then Mary put out she hand . abberline shake it . mary Goodbye , Fred . she go . abberline watch she head towards the house of parliament . he turn away , into the crowd . a iron railing Mary hurry past it . she glance in at the State carriage park on the other side - and stop dead in she track . she stare through the bar and though we do not see what she do , we can tell from she face - it chill she to the bone . due CO DS ses eern jerr ) mac rac 82 the thame embankment Fred walk along the sidewalk at the river 's edge . a voice behind he - mary ( 0.s. ) Fred ! he turn - Mary come towards he . mary the Prince 's coachman , I have see he before ... he come in the pub one night - he ask polly she name . abberline stare at she - at last he get 2 break . abberline where , Mary ?! Point he out ! Mary lead he into the crowd . the iron railing Mary and abberline push through to the front of the crowd . she point at the carriage - netley be laugh , share a joke with one of the other driver . abberline stare at he , mark he well . abberline l always think he hed a accomplice - who better than a coachman ? it look like you have find the monkey , Mary . God willing , the organ grinder will not be far behind . he turn and look at she - she 's get other thing on she mind . mary I have get to go , Fred . she gather up she skirt , push through the crowd and hurry away - the ringers pub Mary enter and quickly look around . it 's mid-morn and the pub be almost empty . she go to the bar - wee es Fe screen . ferre me fee 83 mary I have get to find Liz stride . you have not see she have you , Mr ringer ? ringer not this week . Peter leyland say he see she on Monday at the horn o° plenty , piss out of she mind . have you try Miller 's rent ? mary there and everywhere else . listen - I have get to tell she something . when she come in , will you give she a message ? ringer nod . Mary hurriedly write out a note . above the bar , she see a sign for '' gilbey 's gin '' . she sign the note '' Mary gilbey '' and put it in a envelope . mary make sure you tell she it 's from I , will you ? he nod he head . she turn and leave . beautiful rolling hill field of gold and yellow , haycart in the dale , man and woman harvest vegetable . under a tree , kate eddowes take a drink from a bucket . she turn as 8 sunburnt man in he 30 's approach . this be John Kelly , she common - law husband . JOHN there 's a bloke just arrive from London . he say they be offer a two hundred quid reward for the whitechapel killer . kate so ? ! do not know nothing about it . JOHN do not be daft ! four woman take a punt on get some money and two of ‘em be kill . it 's gotta be that artist bloke . what 's he name - sickert ? 84 kate listen to I , John Kelly - I be not tell the copper anything . there 's @ name for that letter - it 's call blackmail and I be not go to jail for anyone . - JOHN Jesus , woman . nobody 's gonna think you have anything to do with the letter ! you can not even write . you just tell ‘em you hear the other woman talk about it . now you be be 3 good citizen and informin’ the copper . kate start to think about it - JOHN shit , kate - two hundred quid , just for we . it would set we up . or do you want to keep slogging away in Kent or London ? either way it 's hard on you back . kate it be a lot of money , be not it ? JOHN that 's the girl ! we can jump a train to London tonight . the bank of england be a huge and impressive building - sweeping step lead up to a row of doric column . a horse -drawn cart pull up in front of it , deliver bundle of the afternoon edition of '' the star® to the street vendor . a newsboy grab a armful and start to hawk they - newsboy copper get a letter ! read all about he - Jack the ripper ! gentlemen of the City - businessman - stop and listen . the newsboy start to sell they as fast as he can take the money . ce es the house of common the green leather bench of the beautiful chamber be full . a member of parliament rise to he foot . politician my question be direct to the Prime Minister . will the honorable member assure terrify resident of London that the government be do everything in its power to apprehend the man Calling himself Jack the ripper ? the six hundred member roar they approval - " hear , hear ... hear , hear '' . the Prime Minister stand up to answer . he look around , beleaguere , worried ... hyde park gull and Lord hailsham walk down a avenue of beautiful oak tree . the sun be set , casting a tangle web of shadow across they face . though we do not hear what they be say , it 's obvious hailsham be angry . they come to a rise and look a cross a lawn . a afternoon rally have attract thousand of people . a sign behind the podium read : whitechapel vigilance Committee the president of the newly - form group address the crowd - president four woman dead in a matter of week - how many more before the Police and government take action ?! a roar of agreement go up from the crowd . Lord hailsham turn to gull - hailsham now do you know what I be say ? finish it . you hear I ? finish it ! a pigeon peck at a trail of bread crumb . it 's night - the trail of crumb lead under a wooden box , propped up by a stick . Three street urchin hide around a corner , wait to spring the trap - pigeon pie for dinner . we tilt up from the box - to a carriage park on the side of the road . wee ce sl ec teste . gorre mee rad rite 86 abberline sit next to the driver - watch the kid and the side gate of Buckingham Palace . the pigeon peck its way under the box . one of the urchin tug @ string - the box fall down ! abberline look up - a black carriage , the death coach , come fast out of the gate . in the light of a street lamp , abberline see the driver 's face - it 's netley . abberline go ! the driver crack he whip . abberline look down the street - it 's bustling with carriage . netley 's coach travel fast - already it 's half a block ahead . netley be 8 fine driver , weaving in and out of the chaos of the street . he look across , into the sweeping driveway of Buckingham Palace . uniform guard start to open the black and gold wrought- iron gate . netley shit ! he whip the horse hard , drive they into a gallop . other uniform guard step into the street , stop all traffic . netley 's carriage squeeze through . abberline driver rein to a screeching halt as the traffic in front stop . abberline go round ‘em ! driver can not - it 's the Queen , sir . abberline stand up and look - the traffic all around the Palace have be stop . the Queen , in a beautiful crimson carriage . be return from dinner . the Household cavalry accompany she towards the gate of the Palace . the Royal carriage swing past abberline . for a moment , he and the bitter old woman look at one another . then she 's go and abberline look down pall mall - netley 's carriage be gather speed , disappear . abberline 's lose he . the burned out ruins of ratcliffe dock be silhouett against the night . a row of filthy slum line the waterfront . in front of one a sign swing in the breeze : 87 the people 's Palace cheap lodging inside the people's palace Liz stride lie on the floor of a room little bigger than a closet . empty gin botty lie next to she . she open she eye - God , it 's one hell of a bender she 's be on . bang ! bang ! on the door - the sound cut through she head like a knife . landlord ( 0.s. ) open the bloody door ! Liz crawl to the door on she knee and unslip the bolt . the door swing open - landlord you doss money only last ' till midnight . you have get a hour to pay another day or get you ass out of here . long liz my compliment to the manager - how could | resist another night in such a fine establishment ? landlord and do not give I any foreign lip either . he slam the door . Long Liz up - end she purse . two half penny fall out - that 's al ! she 's get . she slump against the door , nursing she head . long liz oh God ... bishopsgate police station abberline pay he driver and bound up the step . he 's lose netley - whatever he can do , it 's get to be do fast . he go through the door . in a corridor abberline meet the sergeant come out of another office . abberline show he the newspaper photograph of the woman at the funeral . wo ee se ere to ee ee abberline you know the name of this woman , Pete ? sergeant most of them . abberline | want everyone work this shift assemble in the muster room - that include the man on the beat . | want the woman arrest . no muckin’ about , any charge you like . sergeant you mind tell I why ? abberline just do it , Pete . use fuck bloodhound if you like . he stare at abberline but the Inspector turn away , head into he office . the death coach be park out of sight in a dark alleyway . we crane up from it - above the adjoin tenement . we look down dorset Street - on the corner be the ringers pub . inside the pub ringer serve a glass of ale to netley . netley you tell I about a dark - haire iass one night . Said | could not do better than she if | want a bit of fun . ringer that 's right - you be go to double team she . Mary Kelly . netley yeah , that 's she . she be in tonight ? wee os se eter ce be pene aw co ringer do not think she 's workin’ the street any more . like a lot of girl , she probably do not have the stomach for it - ha!ha ! netley oh yeah , hatha ! I have get a hard - on that would make a blacksmith blush . you do not know where she life , eh ... maybe a home visit ? ringer sorry ... no idea , mate . netley I would make it worth she while . your , too . ringer look down - netley slide a silver florin across the bar . ringer now you put it like that - she do leave a note for one of she pal . he rummages under the bar , pull out the envelope and read the note . ringer it say a friend from Sweden 's turn up and 's stay at a address in dwyer Street . sign Mrs gilbey , whoever that be . no help , I be afraid . netley ah well , we can not do any more than that , can we ? ringer toss the note and envelope in a corner of the counter and turn away . netley reach over , flick open the note and look at the address . the dark alley netley walk towards the death coach . the window slide down . gull look out - netley I have get a address for Mary Kelly . she 's either use the name Mrs gilbey or that 's a friend of hers . on . either way we can find she - it 's about three mile away . wee oe ba core co . mae fad 90 gull what about the other ? netley I do not ask . the bloke would believe I would want to rut Mary Kelly , but not the other two . gull ! tell you ! we have to finish it , netley . nlook at he watch ) still , it 's early - the Kelly woman can await we pleasure . Jesus himself say he would make we fisher of man . drive , netley - we will cast we net once more in the sewer of whitechapel . netley turn and swing himself onto the driver 's seat . he snap the rein - the carriage disappear into the night . wilk STREET a flower seller have a stall on the corner . Liz stride - look for trade - pick 8 break red carnation out of the gutter . she snap off the stem and fit the bloom into she buttonhole . smiling , she continue on she way . the death coach turn into wilk Street . travel fast , it pass pawnshop , pub and a group of drunk , argue man . it bear down on the flower seller . naither gull or netley have see Liz , but at any moment they will . closer they come , closer - still they have not see she ! Liz , blithely unaware , turn into a tiny alley - way . the death coach gallop past . oorset STREET Liz have cut through the alley into the heart of the red-light area . she stand outside the salvation Army hail , talk to a friend of hers - kate eddowes . the sound of voice sing a hymn - '' amazing Grace " - carry over from inside the hall . kate be : giggly , a bit drunk . wwe ce EL ecte . vear . amo recs 91 kate we get back from Kent this mornin 's and be load ever since . they put I in the drink tank down in whitechapel - only let I out half a hour ago . - ( drop she voice , confidentia ! } we have be celebratin’ . long liz celebrate what ? kate my John 's come up with a way to make some money . Real money . long liz he have , have he ? how 's that , then ? kate you know that - then she street cun cut through the alcoholic fog - why share this with anyone ? kate forget it . you know how it be - 1 do not ' want to put a jinx on it . Liz know how it be alright - people look after themselves . they keep talk but we pull back from they - the death coach have turn into dorset Street . the sidewalk be crowded and Liz and kate stand in the shadow . then the hymn , accompany by a organ , reach it 's finale . the sound of the voice , uplift to God , carry across the road . netley turn - and rein the horse back hard . bang ! gull slide open a narrow panel that allow the passenger to talk to the driver . netley incline he head and hold up he finger - two . gull look at the two woman . already the excitement be start to rise within he . he smile . on the sidewalk Liz check she make - up in a fragment of mirror and return it to kate . $ 2 long liz one more fare and I will have enough for rent . it will be home to bed for I . kate half you luck . | have my doss money three time over this mornin’ - still that 's the peril of drink for you . I will try my luck down mitre Square . the two woman nod to each other in farewell . Liz turn and walk down the street , look for trade . netley loosen the rein - the carriage move towards she . aman stop Liz and look she up and down . we do not hear what he say but he 's obviously ask she the price . Inside the cerriage , gull 's excitement turn to anger . under he breath . he curse the man - a vile string of obscenity . the man shake he head - whatever price Liz be ask be too much for he . Liz keep walk . as the carriage draw abreast of she , gull slide down the passenger window . gull Young lady . Young lady ... Long Liz turn and approach the coach . gull . my dear , you look chill to the bone . open the door , come into the warm . he smile at she . Liz look at he distinguished face - it reassure she . she put on a comely smile - long liz it 's a pleasure to meet a kind gentleman on such a raw evening . she climb in out of the wind but just to be safe leave the door open . long liz what do you have in mind , sir ? gull come closer ... he slide he hand inside she bodice and start to feel she breast . 93 long Liz ( smile ) a tit man , be you ? it 's @ shilling for short time , a florin for - notley lean down from the driver 's seat and slam the door shut . Liz turn , suddenly frighten . she grab the door handle and turn - it will not open ! the crack of the whip - the coach start move . she spin back to gull - gull we be go to have to be quick ! the liston knife drive towards she breast - it hit she flesh . Liz scream . gull 's hand clamp across she mouth . he slashes the knife down from she breast to she knee , cut apart she dress and petticoat , lay bare she stomach and crotch . Liz , still alive , stare at he in horror . he draw the knife back , aim at she stomach - the coach turn into a dark , cobblestone road . Liz 's stifle cry be drown out by the clatter of wheel . liz stride 's body lie in a heap in outfield yard . constable with lantern search the surround alleyway . already the curious be start to gather - in another few hour it will grow to a flood . abberline push through . he bend down next to the half naked body and look at Liz 's mutilate face - she eyelid have be slashed , the tip of she nose be miss . a detective come to abberline 's side - detective she have not get any papers on she . we be round up some of the bang -tail to 806 if anyone can identify she . abberline do not bother - she name 's Elizabeth stride . Long Liz . he turn and lean back against the wall - tired , defeat . abberline ( quietly ) it 's like the mad hatter say - '' they try 8nd try but it be too little , too late . off with she head , off with she head ! '' 5 Dee ss alien he tee tee 94 cc detective what wes that , Fred ? abberline nothing . a kid 's book that 's all . the detective turn away - maybe the Inspector 's start to lose it , after all . the sergeant , sweat , run up to abberline . sergeant we need you , Fred ! we have get another one ! about a mile away . abberline stare at the sergeant . fear and panic sweep over he - abberline Jesus ... who ?! Mary Kelly ? sergeant no. woman by the name of eddowes . abberline stare at he - kate eddowes ? he take a moment to calm himself . the think that it might have be Mary have really panicked he . God , he do not realize ( how much he would come to care about she . sergeant be you all right , Fred ? abberline yeah ... just give I 8 moment . sergeant Quick ! the woman scream - we be only a couple of minute behind he . graffiti on a wall be write in large letter in chalk : " the juw be not the man who will be blame for this for nothing '' lying underneath it be a piece of blood - soak apron and , not far away , the slashed and gut body of kate eddowes . Police be milling about everywhere . abberline ( om and the commissioner himself , Sir Charles Warren . look at the graffiti - tr . 95 abberline of course , it could have be on the wall before the murder - they be mostly jewish people live in this building . sir charle wash it off . abberline look at he , unbely - abberline Sir Charles - it may be evidence . it should be photograph . sir charle that 's not a mis-spell of " Jews " . it 's get nothing to do with synagogue . it 's 8 word only a mason would use . like everything to do with the freemason , its meaning be secret . abberline that 's even more reason we should keep it . sir charle no ! it 's probably someone try to discredit the mason . a lot of powerful man be member of the society . ! do not need they ask why that be allow to happen . come to that , we do not need every rabbi in London ask the same thing . the two man look at each other - abberline obviously do not agree . sir charle h's my responsibility , Fred . grim -face , abberline nod he head in agreement . he turn and walk away . Sir Charles watch he go . there 's a sadness in the commissioner 's eye - he know just how compromise he be . kate body be lift onto a stretcher and carry to the back of a ambulance . a constable have almost finish scrubbing the graffiti from the wall . abberline move slowly , almost alone , near where she body lay . on the ground be a couple of button . vee CO SD accor ren aay feed 96 he bend to look at they - probably tear from kate as the killer rip she bodice off . he start to stand - then he see one of the cobblestone be miss . a thin film of blood have flow into it , cover the mud . press into it be the perfect imprint of a man 's heel . abberline pull out a white handkerchief and press it into the hole . carefully he lift it out . trace in blood be a impression of the heel print . in its center be the bootmaker 's mark - a three - turrete castle . abberline gull . we hold on he - totally alone , stare at the truth . the wind start to rise , moan and sighing through the tenement . it carry over to - the sign out the front of Mrs finnane 's board house . it 's the early hour of the same morning , the house in darkness , nothing stir . we crane up to a window - inside a bedroom Mary be asleep . the few possession she have be scattered around the room - @ couple of dress hang from hook on the wall , a photograph of a family stand in front of a break - down irish cottage . a small glass perfume jar ... a long and lonely road the death carriage travel fast , foam fly from the horse 's mouth . netley crack the whip - head for the board house . Inside , gull look st he watch . it 's 3.50 be , the rear of mary boarding house gull , carry the leather case , mount a flight of exterior step . he open 3 door and step into a - corridor a candle in a glass bracket cast a shifting , falter light . silently gull make he way past the numbered door . he stop in front of number 14 and try the handle . lock . v 97 inside mary room the point of the liston knife slide between the edge of the door and the frame . it flick up the latch . without @ sound , the door open . gull slide in and close it behind he . click ! he lock it . he put the bag down on the floor and cross to the bed . in the darkness it 's a jumble of blanket and pillow . he take hold of the bed clothes and draw they back . the bed be empty . a rustle of movement behind he ! he spin , raise a arm to fend off the blow . there 's nothing there - just the wind through a crack in the window , hit the dress hang on the wall . gull look around - the room be empty . a narrow laneway the death coach be park in the shadow . netley be in he seat . there 's blood on he overcoat , a smear of it across he face - he look shattered . he glance up at the second floor of the board house . through the window of room 14 he see a candle move back and forth . what 's gull do ? {s it over - that fast ? inside mary room gull lift up Mary 's underwear and hold it to he face , catch the smell of she body . he cast it aside and pick up the photograph - a dirt poor irish family . there 's five child - all boy except for a beautiful girl age about twelve . it 's unmistakably Mary . gull put it down and take up the perfume bottle . it 's call '' Wild rose '' . he take out the stopper - and curl he nose in disgust . crash ! something metallic hit the ground deep within the house . gull turn , listen - in the kitchen Mary be at work . she curse as she pick up a large cauldron of water she 's drop . it 's four in the morning and she 's alone , get the kitchen ready for the day . it 's a sequence of inter- connect room - food pantry , scullery , china room , bread oven . a fire roar in the hearth . Mary pick up the cauldron and put it on the grate to boil . the door into the scullery open and gull - he frock - coat buttone , carry he leather bag - enter . he listen . nothing . he walk between the wooden bench , pass the pantry and enter the heart of the kitchen . wee ce se ae gore geary + tee ete it 's hard to see - pot and ban heng from rack , a series of bench and half - wall , shadow play from the firelight . from a nook near the fireplace , the sound of movement . gull silently unclip the leather bag - he have the liston knife close at hand . he walk forward . next to the bread oven Three cat circle 8 rat they have trap . one of the cat pounce , grab the rat by the neck 8nd shake it . a second cat turn - gull be stand look at they . this be the noise he hear . the adrenaline run out of he . he relax . a voice behind he - mary ( 0.s. ) what be you do ? gull , startle , spin - Mary 's come in from the courtyard . she hold two bucket she 's fill from the water pump . she look at gull 's distinguished face , take in he frock - coat and the leather bag - and smile . mary I be sorry , Doctor - | do not mean to startle you . gull 's see she before , or a version of she - in the photograph . he drink she in with he eye - the lustrous hair , the fine feature , the soft swell of she breast . the other be nothing compare to this . . gull what a lovely scent you be wear . it smell like wild rose . mary that 's exactly what it be . can | help you ? gull yes , I have be look for someone . would you care for a grape ? out of he pocket he take a bag of grape . he walk up to she , offer the grape . Mary reach out and take one . gull be now within strike distance . Mary lift the grape to she mouth . gull 's hand , hide from she , be come up - he 's go to grab she throat and close off the cerotid artery . not to kill she , but enough to make she helpless . he want to enjoy this . his lip be dry , he run he tongue slong they . Mary do not notice - she 's look past he . jul 26 ' 95 12:29 pm terry haye film f.8 mary '' Morning , Mrs finnane . gull turn - @ big woman in she 50' be come through the doorway . this i '' ~ this be th owner of the board house . she look at the Doctor --.- . ° mrs finnane be something wrong ? mary no , nothing . the Doctor 's look for someone . gull be catch between the two woman . he barely miss a beat - gull 4a woman by the name of netley , the mother of one of my staff . they send for I , say she be have convulsion . mrs finnane no -one by the name of netley here . gull number 42 ? mrs finnane next door . gull ( surprised ) 1 do beg you pardon . he pick up he bag , look once more at Mary and go . Mary catch the look - there 's something about it ... as if someone just walk across she grave . the first light of day stream through a window and into the kitchen . the place be bustling - cook and maid be get breakfast ready for the lodger . Mary look up from scrubbing down a bench - she see abberline stand in the doorway . he have come straight from the crime scene . one look at he face and she know something terrible have happen . she go to he . ee os sy ae you hear meo to 100 abberline it 's bad news . Liz stride and kate eddowes be murder four hour ago . Mary feel she knee weaken - she lean on a bench . she try to be strong but tear fill she eye . abberline take she arm and guide she out of the kitchen , into - the deserted dine room Mary sit down at one of the long table . abberline take the page from '' the Star '' out of he pocket - the one that show the woman at polly 's funeral . he lay it down in front of she . abberline there be five of you and now there 's only one . when 's he come for you ? Mary 's face be turn away but she shudder - she 's start to sob . abberline ( gently ) do you want to tell I now ? silence . a beat . then she look up . mary you be right , there be the five of we , but it be my idea so | have to take the blame . she stop to collect herself , try not to cry . she go on - mary we be desperate ... | know about Albert Victor 's relationship with Annie . he be in love with she - every chance he get , he be at the house . you only have to see they together to know it . he be the father of she child . abberline the Prince 's child ? that would make she third in line to the throne . Jesus ! but maybe not - she be illegitimate - | do not know what the law be . ewe ces ee ere ear . pes re 101 mary that 's the point , Fred - she be not illegitimate . over a year ago , before she be pregnant , Annie crook and Albert Victor go to a tiny church in sussex . the only witness be two farm worker . on a afternoon late in July they be marry . abberline this be the Kingdom you be talk about , Mary . a thousand year of power ! no wonder they be kill people . she would have be Queen . as monarch , Albert Victor become head of the Church of England - the marriage could not be dissolve . ( he pause ) you say you be desperate . mary 1 see man come for he and Annie - you say it be the special branch , but | do not know that then . all | know be that somebody be willing to go to 8 lot of trouble to keep it quiet . | get to think , they might pay we to do the same . so | write a letter - abberline you try to blackmail the heir to the throne ?! mary ( do not know it be he ! | think he be just some lord or something - abberline for God 's sake ! how the hell could you threaten to expose someone if you do not know who he be ? wee ee ps tte ) eee 102 mary { do not have to know , do I ? his people just have to think that | do . | send the letter to a friend of he - a artist , walter sickert . | pose for he once - he 's the one who get I the job with Annie . now he 's suppose to be in htaly but maybe that 's just a blind . I have think for a week or more he might be the killer . abberline {t 's not he . mary you know ? abberline {t 's man by the name of gull . Sir William gull . the same man that take away Annie crook 's memory . he 's the Royal doctor . Mary stare at he - really scared . abberline what be it ? mary there be a doctor here this morning . abberline how do you know ? mary 1 speak to he . he offer I grape ... she look at abberline . his face be ashen . mary it be he , be not it ? abberline nod he head - yes . Mary start to shake . abberline reach out and finally put he arm around she . she fold herself against he . he hold she tight - ee ee be me face 103 abberline ( softly ) | should have think ... | almost fost you , Mary . she look up at he - he kiss she forehead , she eye ... mary I think you have , Fred - they be not go to stop be they ? abberline we be not do yet . there have to be someone | can go to , someone worth he position and power . mary say there be - how would you find he ? abberline there 's a woman I know ... she 's a eristocrat , nobody 's better connect . mary how do you know you can trust she ? abberline because she 's ... she ... he try to find the right word . Mary look at he face - she guess the nature of the relationship . they eye meet and they look at one another . abberline no , Mary - it 's not like that . it all seem like a lifetime ago . she look even deeper into he eye . he lean forward and kiss she . she kiss he back - not matter what else happen , she 's thankful she 's find this . she put she head egainst he chest , feel the warmth of he . from outside - the sound of voice . Breakfast be start to be serve . abberline we have to get you of here . do you know some place to 90 ? mary what about where you live ? I would feel safer there . eee oo be ae cere herr . aes pane 104 abberline 1 do not know if someone 's watch I . I have meet gull , Mary . I have tell he thing - include about Annie - ! should never have say . be there somewhere else ? mary there 's a place down the other end of whitechapel . | just see it once , nobody know I there . abberline nod , get to he foot , help she up . outside the boarding house it 's start to rain - people hurry along the sidewalk , head out early for work . abberline and Mary - carry a bag hold she few possession - come out the front door of Mrs finnane 's . they move fast - abberline be look around , wary - and head up the street . we hold on a block of stable opposite . a young kid - no more than twelve - watch they . he toss he groom brush to another kid , pull on he jacket and set off in pursuit . in the STREET abberline and Mary , collar turn up against the rain , splash through the puddle . the street be get busier . neither of they notice the boy on the other side of the toad shadow they . the three of they fade into the crowd . the sound of thunder carry over - the marble entrance foyer of Lady Jane 's house . !t 's a hour later and the rain have turn to a full - fledge storm . the butler open the front door . he look askance at abberline - sodden suit , crumpled shirt , a day - and - a-half 's stubble . butler I be not sure her ladyship be receive this morning , sir . lady jane ( 0.s. ) who be it , mister p? 105 eo the butler step aside . abberline look through the door - Lady Jane stand half way up the sweeping staircase . she stare at he - lady jane good God - you do not look like you have sleep for day . abberline V do not think | have . a magnificent bedroom suite tall window command a view of a garden . fire burn in the bedroom , the sit room , the bathroom , the dress room . a platoon of servant hurry back and forth , draw the bath , lay out towel and clothes . abberline sit in a armchair , still in he suit , barely notice it all . the butler and two maid position a table in front of the window and remove @ host of silver cover - egg , beef , fruit , toast , juice , bacon , salmon . Breakfast . Lady Jane take abberiline by the arm . they sit down at the table together . the butler and servant withdraw . Lady Jane pick up serve utensil - of lady jane you will have to bear with I - I have never do this before . abberline ( quietly ) ! need you help , Jane . lady jane of course . abberline I need a introduction to someone , @ person you trust beyond doubt ... someone powerful . the Prime Minister , perhaps ... she look at he . there 's something in the way he 's sit - just perfectly still - but suddenly she 's afraid . lady jane I do not understand . the police ... ? jue 6s dd see oer torr ! mmic > facfis 106 abberline it 's a conspiracy , Jane - some of the high in the land . | do not know what else to do . lady jane aconspiracy ? of course I will do anything lean , ( pause while she think ) but do not you think ... abberline think what ? lady jane if it 's the sort of people you say , some of the high people - abberline there 's four woman dead ! lady jane you be not let I finish . you be go co to make accusation against people who be very powerful . I be ask you if that 's sensible . should anyone fight a battle they can not win ? you have do you job , Fred . nobody say you have to take it any farther . will you be reward ? | hardly think so . he stare at she . she take he hand in hers . lady jane think of the future , Fred . remember what we speak about - everything 's possible for you . why risk that ? abberline look at the luxurious room - silk drape , Old Masters on the wall , servant at beck and call . she smile at he ... perfect ... abberline {softly } for I . lady jane what ? jul 26 " 95 12:32 pm terry haye film : p.b he get to he foot 107 abberline you ask - why risk it ? that 's what I be tell you - for what 's inside of I . for what | think be right . lady jane '' for what be right " - compare to this other thing ? forgive the word , but you seem to be forget , this woman be just whore , abberline whore ?! whore , Jane ? and if | turn my back on this , I will be sell whatever belief | have leave for the promise of a future . what do you think that make I ? lady jane go ahead , then . but you be throw it all away . you understand that , do not you ? what a waste . you have come so far - a doctor 's son to ... who know where ? abberline no - do I justice , Jane . it 's farther even than that . lady jane what ? abberline you should go down ratcliffe highway one day , right where it run alongside the river . | be take there as a boy once . you can see the ring where they use to chain pirate at low tide . peopte would sit on the bank and watch the river rise . the prisoner would claw and tear at they chain until they could not keep they head above water any longer . it 's a evil place and | still think about it , you know . ( cont.} bomb pae reo wwe ce Fe eee . 108 abberline ( cont . } when | look back on my childhood , there 's only one thing I have ever know that 's more cruel - grow up in poverty . ' lie to you , Jane . I be not a doctor 's son . my father be a saddlemaker in dorset , 8 drunken saddlemaker who die when | be ten . | do a hundred job to put myself through school . by the time { come to London , I would learn a lot about the world . | know where you come from be almost as important as where you be go . | create a history and somewhere along the line | think , | almost lose myself . but not quite . | think the cost do not matter , the end justified the mean . ! be wrong . | do not want it at this price , Jane . from what I have see now , | do not think | want it at any price . he look up . she meet he gaze - she eye be distant . it 's the look she use with the servant . lady jane | would appreciate it if you would never mention this to anyone . abberline or eny of this conversation . lady jane ( rise to she foot ) J will tell my friand that the gulf between we be too great to bridge . | think that 's the truth , be not it ? good day , inspector . she indicate the door - she 's throw he out . abberline good day , m'lady . abberline turn and open a pair of fold door . in silence , he walk out of belgravia . vee fem ang res fee wae 109 the servant 's quarter overlook the stable of Buckingham Palace . {t 's nearly lunchtime - the place be bustling . gull ( 0.s. ) what do you mean - you have have enough ? inside netley' room netley be unshaven and ragged-iok . gull , in he overcoat , stare down at he - netley | reckon I be do , sir . holdin 's that kate lass - | feel she strugglin 's ... try so hard ... then she blood , hit my face . gull oh , for God 's sake , man ! a little bit of blood . it wash off . netley I do not know as if it do . I be just a ordinary bloke . it 's in all the papers , it 's everywhere you look . I ... 1 do not know where | be any more , Sir ... he look up at gull , frighten of he reaction . but the Doctor have soften - gull 1 can tell you exactly where we ere netley - in the most extreme region of the human mind , a subconscious underworld , a radiant abyss where man meet themselves . netley stare at he - more confuse than ever . gull but you be right , netley - we have hit @ nerve . the storey be everywhere . but they do not understand , do they ? let 's acquaint the newspaper 's fabrication with reality , shall we ? can you write ? fy gt sot ) herr ary pad be 110 netley it 's the same as I readin’ , sir - pretty rough like . gull but good enough , I will warrant . come netley , we be go to write a letter . gull pick up a couple of sheet of paper . he take out he fountain pen and give it to the coachman - gull how would you start , netley ? netley well , '' dear Sir '' | s‘pose . gull '' no . one begin a letter with one 's own address , do not | tell you | know where we be ? write it , netley - write this : " from Hell ... '' bishopsgate police station abberline come through the front door - he look like he 's dead on he foot . he barely acknowledge the constable on the desk and go into the rear of the station . about half a dozen cop be gather around a desk , look at something . the sergeant turn and see he - sergeant we get another letter , about a hour ago . abberline good - file it with the other five hundred . abberline keep walk . the anxiety , the fatigue - he 's close to break point . sergeant yeah , but it 's the first to enclose part of a human kidney . the doctor say the length of artery match exactly what be leave in kate eddowes 's body . that stop he - he just stare . then he turn and go . the sergeant follow he - jun 27 ' s5 10:46 am terry haye film p.2 wa sergeant a genuine letter - and you be not interested . what 's wrong ? _ abberline — ~ I be out of my depth ... I be so far out | think I be drown . I be go down to see the commissioner . | do not know what else to do . | hope to God he can help . sergeant ( kindly ) | would not bother , Fred . abberline what ? sergeant the rumor be Sir Charles resign earlier today . one of the reporter tell I . abberline then | guess it 's true . someone that low probably have he ear to the ground . he turn on he heel and head back out . the commissioner office gaslight be burn , it 's early evening . Sir Charles 's possession be pack in box . he sit behind he desk , listen to a uniform constable . constable it 's Inspector abberline , sir . he 's wait outside . sir charle no . tell he I have already go . suggest he might find I down at - Sir Charles glance up - abberline have come in from the wait room and stand in the half - open doorway . for a moment the two menus eye meet , Sir Charles catch in the lie . 112 sir charle sorry , Fred . try not to see anyone . a hard day for I , you know - forty year in the force , ten year in this oftice ... still , marjorie 's be on at I for month to do it . not get any young , be |? finally , | decide to take the plunge . abberline enter the office . the constable leave . the two man look at one another . abberline can ! ask you something - be you a mason , Sir Charles ? sir charle yes ...a8 a matter of fact | be . why ? abberline I know member be prohibit from discuss the society , but !'m tell there 's a say - '' who will help the widow 's son ? '' be that right ? sir charle it 's a secret phrase but | suppose ! can tell you . when one mason say it to another , it mean he should tender assistance without question . why do you ask ? abberline Queen Victoria 's a widow , be not she ? sir charle I do not follow ... abberline I be just wonder who will help the widow 's son - or in she case , grandson . Sir William gull 's 8 mason too , be not he ? sir charle do not say any more , Fred . whatever you think you know , forget it . turn around and walk out . eee eee serene 113 abberline I have come to you for help . sir charle 1 can not help you . abberline you be the commissioner of Police ! sir charle what good be that ? how do you think | get there ? all | can do be offer a small , private protest . that 's why I be tesign . abberline no . there 's one thing you can do - what be | deal with ? how high do it go ? Sir Charles shake he head - he can not answer that . abberline lean over the desk - abberline tell I ! to the government ? Sir Charles look up - the two menus eye meet . abberline Higher ? the Prime Minister ? no response . abberline Higher ? the Lord High chancellor ? no response . abberline the Queen ? Sir Charles look straight at abberline - that 's he answer . abberline ( softly ) oh god. vue of SD idee forrt mrted raltip 114 two flag fly in a storm - drive wind . one be the Union jack , the other show three gold lion on a red field . this be the Royal Standard , the coat of arm of the king and queen of England . the flag fly atop Buckingham Palace . the entrance foyer of the palace be huge - all marble and gilt and a sweeping staircase . at the top of the stair , two uniform soldier - member of the elite Household Guard - stand on either side of a pair of inlaid door . the queen' study be a beautiful room - book -line wall , Old Masters on either side of the fireplace , window that look straight up pall mall . Queen Victoria sit behind a priceless chippendale desk . she be almost seventy year old , a hard and uncompromising woman . this be the fiftieth year of she reign and in that time the Empire she rule have come to embrace a third of the world . she be speak to someone we can not see - victoria frankly , we be disappointed . as we principal private secretary this be you responsibility . now look at it ! question in parliament , protest - where will it end ?! she turn - we see the man she be talk to . it 's Lord hailsham . he bow he head - hailsham be sorry , mar 'am . as | say , | do speak to he - victoria and do he explain the necessity for such excessive ghastliness ? hailsham he say the woman be traitor - he appear to have a encyclopedic knowledge of the terrible way in which such people have be punish . that 's what he say - but | believe the reason may be more prosaic . oo jul 27 ' ss 10:468 % terry haye film p.6 118 the Queen look at he , want he to continue . hailsham as you know , gull be a very discipline man - and yet the murder be increasingly ... shall { say - lurid . | think the man have come to gain some form of ... physical satisfaction ... from he activity . the Queen get the meaning . she stare at he , sicken . victoria one more woman , that 's all , be not it ? hailsham yes . victoria tonight . we want it finish tonight . do we make ourselves clear ? abberline's lodging house Gas light be burn - it 's night . a overnight bag be lie on the floor in abberline 's suite of room . he be whirling through the place , grab clothes and whatever possession come to hand . he thrust they in the bag and hesd for the door . abberline be get out . two ticket for the steamer to Ireland lie on the hail table . abberline grab they , take one last look around the place , and go out the door . gardener 's court be a group of old brick building build around a courtyard . at the front hang a rusted sign : room to let a steady rain , start to turn to mist , pour down on it . already the mist be gather like a cloak around the street lamp . the death carriage pull up and park in a street alongside the rooming house . netley , bundied up against the weather , be on the driver 's seat . next to he be the young boy from the stable - the one that follow abberline and Mary . one yee ef se ac sone hora mos paar 116 the stable - boy point at a light window . Mary step up to the glass and pull down the shade . the stable - boy turn to netley and put out he hand . netley pay he . the kid grin , swing off the coach and malt into the mist . inside the police station i abberline walk fast down a desert corridor . he fish a key from he pocket and open a heavy oak door - the evidence locker . he search the shelf until he find what he 's look for - the revolver he take from the american seaman . he shrug off he jacket , swing the holster over he shoulder and pull he jacket back on . he fill a pocket with bullet . outside the police station abberline , carry he overnight bag , come out the front door , straight into the miserable night . the mist be turn to London fog . he look for a cab - the line in front of Liverpool Street station stretch forever . he curse , pull up he collar and start walk fast . brook STREET the foul night muffle every sound . light be dimly visible in the row of elegant home . the front door of number seventy - four open and gull emerge from he house . the death carriage be park at the curb . he hurry towards it and climb inside . a corner store Mary be buy food for supper . the shopkeeper hand she the change - a five pound note and some coin . she put it in she pocket , button it close and leave . outside , people stand and watch three kid brawling over a penny . another urchin cruise the crowd . Mary push through the crowd . the urchin stumble into Mary . as she push he off , we see he slice the button off she pocket with a knife . the kid have he hand in and out of she pocket before we can blink . Mary do not feel a thing . the pickpocket disappear into the crowd . his accomplice stop they brawling and melt away . the death coach be park in the street alongside gardener 's Court . gull and netley watch mery , carry she grocery , enter the front door of the building . wee ee ee eee bonnie fee 117 they turn to Mary 's window , wait for the lantern to be light . nothing happen . gull slap he glove back and forth , impatient . gull damned woman ... always gossipe . still the window remain unlit . liverpool STREET steam and smoke from a train pull into Liverpool Street station roll through the rain and fog . it almost obscure abberline . he dart out into the road and succeed in flagging down a vacant cab . abberline ( urgent ) gardener 's Court . you know it ? down near highgate . abberline climb inside , crack ! the driver snap he whip . gardener' court at last the light go on in Mary 's room . netley and gull watch - thraugh the draw shade they see she pull she dress over she head and step out of she petticoat . we push in on gull 's face - he can barely contain he excitement . he watch the naked silhouette move across the room and extinguish the lantern . the cab crawl through a jumble of traffic . abberline call to the driver - abberline what 's the trouble ? the driver point through the fog - ahead be a overturn milk cart , its horse tie on its side , gallon of milk pour out of the pail . it run down the street , turn the cobblestone a ghostly white . the traffic trundle slowly through it . the death coach stand in the shadow . netley be in the driver 's seat , hunch up against the weather , whistling tunelessly to himself . Mary 's window be in darkness - vue ce by au era amite | eee 118 inside mary room a woman 's sleep figure be curl under the blanket , she back to the door . the only light come from the coal in the fireplace . the door inch open . gull , carry the amputation kit , step inside . a long STREET abberline 's cab skirt the overturn wagon . it accelerate fast down a fog - shroud , rain-slicked street . mary room gull move across the room . in the firelight he see the familiar clothes , the photo of the irish cottage , the bottle of cheap scent . he stop at the side of the bed and grink in the curl form - a erm stretch across the pillow , one breast partly expose . gull {like a lover ) hello , Mary - she stir under the cover . he whip the pillow out and ram it over she head . she thrashes with she leg , try to kick herself free , expose she naked body . gull smile at the whiteness of she . one hand , he select a knife from the amputation kit . he plunge the instrument down ! it slice through the pillow and into she face . she scream - a scream of primal pain . not even the pillow can muffle it entirely . the cry carry over - a cat in a upstairs room catch the sound . it jump from a table onto a bed , waking a elderly woman . she sit up - another cry , or be it ? again she listen - nothing . mary room she 's still alive - a rasp breathe come from beneath the blood - soak pillow . gull turn to the emputation kit and select he favorite - the liston knife . he pull aside the tangle of blanket - she body be completely unmark . not for long - he make two ritualistic cut across she breast . she jerk from the pain but there 's no strength to it . gull hold she down with one hand on the pillow . he look at the naked , bleed body - he 's sweat , he breathe fast and shallow . be or i be beer 149 he position himself between she leg and raise the knife above she stomach . he slide it through she flash and lay open the abdominal cavity . blood spray . there 's 8 reflex spasm then she lie still . completely still . abberline be in the back of the fast - travel cab . in he hand be the ticket to Ireland ... mary room gull have bank the fire into 8 roaring blaze - the iron kettle hang above it be start to melt . the wall around the bed ere cover in blood . we barely glimpse the body but we see that it be terribly mutilate - at least one arm have be severe and what be leave of the face be a mask of blood . gull walk to the fire with he instrument . he push the liston knife and the crooked bistoury into the flame , purify they . the heat threaten to scorch he but he be so euphoric , he barely notice . the death coach be almost obscure in the fog and rain . netley see gull approach - he look exhaust but he eye be shine bright . he seem to stagger as he open the coach door . netley be you all right , sir ? gull perfectly . | have come through the fire . I have stand in the Sea of tranquillity and see the five ring of saturn . " he be rise '' , that 's what the good book say , be not it ? '' he be rise . '' as he get in , he turn and look once more at netley . his voice be gentie - gull '' save the best for last . we great work be finish . you have do you duty . go home , netley . netley straighten himself up and snap the rein . the coach head into the darkness . yuL et fd io donm terry mate for ald poa 120 a corridor in the board house . the elderly woman from upstairs , hold a lantern , come down the stair . she head towards the open door of 8 bathroom then stop . she lower the lantern - a bloody footprint on the floor . then another - she follow they to Mary 's door . ft stand ajar . she push it open and look into the room . she scream ! the cab turn into the street in front of gardener 's Court . abberline see police , a ambulance and 8 throng of people gather outside the board house . abberline no ... he hurl the door open , scramble out and run - the corridor outside Mary 's room be pack . the local police try to bring some sort of order . abberline push through to a bluff - fece cop . abberline ( anguish ) where be she ? the cop incline he head , indicate the room . abberline look inside - the blood splatter wall , the crumpled form cover by a bloody sheet . the world reel ... cop there 's a bag by the wash-stand . it 's get a few thing in it - a woman by the name of Mary Kelly . but abberline barely hear . he step inside the room . the cop , disinterested , turn away . abberline look - the dress Mary be wear the last time he see she be hang in the closet . on the table be the photograph of she family in Ireland . he reach down and pick up a silk ribbon a woman use to tie she bonnet . he run the fabric - she fabric - through he finger . slowly he go to the bed . as hard as it be , he have to look at she . he take hold of the sheet and draw it back . his eye go to she face . but it 's not really a face any more - just a mutilate and bloody mess . we push in on he - the anguish and fury overwhelm he . he 's go to kill gull ! conspiracy or not , he 's go to kill he ! jul 27 ' 95 18:51 am terry haye film 121 brook STREET the house in the street be in darkness - all except for number 74 . Gas light illuminate the entrance to gull 's home . a cab pull up in front . in the entry hall a butler - dress , but obviously rouse from bed - cross the marble foyer and open the front door , abberline stand on the threshold . the butler look the dishevel figure up and down but before he can say anything , gull - freshly bath and scent - appear at the top of the stair . he and abberline look at each other . gull come forward , calm and pleasant - gull ' can only assume it 's official business that bring you out at such a hour . what 's happen , Inspector ? abberline no , not official - personal . gull can not miss the anger in abberline 's voice but he 's completely compose . he smile - gull then ! only hope | can be of help . do you mind the study , Inspector ? give the hour , | think we can allow ourselves a little informality , do not you ? abberline be so wound up he barely make sense of what gull be say . gull usher he into - the study a fire still bun in the hearth . gull take a taper and start to light the lamp . gull if you can tell I , Inspector - abberline ( interrupt ) you leave something behind in mitre Square . for a fraction of a second it make gull pause but then he cover it , continue he task . yul ef ss ae dam . ferri mc fae 122 gull that 's strange - 1 do not recall ever be in mitre Square . ---abberline ~ it 's where kate eddowes be murder . gull kate eddowes ? really ? abberline say nothing . at last gull turn and look at he - abberline be hold out the white handkerchief . gull stare at the bloody heel - print of the three - turrete castle . a beat - then he laugh . abberline say nothing . it stop gull in he track . gull who would have think it - the vanity of hand - make shoe ? a poorer tan might have pass completely unnotice . it 's hard not to appreciate the irony of it , be not it ? gull so , be that why you be here , inspector - to arrest I ? because if you ere , ! think | should explain a number of thing to you . it could save you substantial embarrassment - absberline I know about Prince Edward . gull so - the question about Annie crook be not just 8 n idle inquiry then ? | should have realize . well ... | stand correct , Inspector - you reputation may be deserve after all . as you know about the Prince , there 's no need for I to say anymore , be there ? you must understand perfectly the favor and protection in which her majesty hold I . 123 abberline perfectly , Sir William . but I be not here to arrest you . he draw the revolver out from under he jacket . gull now | understand - it 's justice you want ! abberline ' be not sure you even know the word , gull oh , | know it . but I be afraid you be bound to be disappointed . you will not find justice , at least not here , Inspector . abberline there you go again - another under - estimation . what do you call a execution ? he raise the gun and point it straight at gull . gull and they will hang you for it . they will say you murder a innocent man . be that the justice you be look for ?! five woman dead and the man who know the truth strung up at newgate . will that restore you faith ? abberline 5 doubt it - but it will do for now . from outside , very faint , the sound of 2 carriage stop . neither abberline or gull pay it any mind . abberline cock the hammer . the doctor stare straight down the barrel . gull 1 do my duty , that 's all ! 1 be a loyal servant of the Crown . if it 's justice you be look for , what about they ? should not they be bring to account ? but they will not be , will they ? it 's only you that will be punish . but go ahead + throw you life away . in the end , it will not change a thing . se ae sone cea mrs pas 124 abberline good night , doctor . I will bs look at you face . | want to see the bullet hit . his finger start to squeeze the trigger . he look along the barrel , straight at gull 's eye . behind the doctor , a flicker of movement . for a moment , abberline rack focus - he be look through a set of french door . someone be hurry up the front step - it 's a woman . she turn and look into the study . it 's Mary ! gull what be it , Inspector ? lose you nerve ? Mary walk up to the french door . abberline 's hand on the gun start to shake . gull you can not do it , can you ? deep inside , you believe in the law - abberline wrench he eye away from mary . he look at gull as if see he for the first time . abberline 's fist smashes out ! the butt of the pistol crash into gull 's fleshy cheek . crunch ! the sound of break bone and tooth . gull crumple , uncenscious . abberline go to the door and unlatch they . Mary take a step towards he and he open up he arm . she 's rea ! - he 's hold she ! they kiss - but only for a moment . abberline 's mind be racing . he bustles she out along the front terrace . abberline '' do not know what happen ... but he think he murder you . you be dead , Mary ! and in kill you , he 's give you back you life . you be free , Mary ! mary but will not somebody identify - abberline I have see the body . believe I - they can not , Mary shudder . the cab Mary come in wait at the curb . they hurry towards it . abberline give direction to the driver but we do not hear what they be . inside the cab abbarline climb in and slam the door shut . the driver snap the rein - the cab take off . abberline turn and look at she - 125 abberline how , Mary ... how ? mary 1 go up the road to buy food for supper . by the time | come back , my pocket have be pick . I tell the landlady I would lose my money - but she would not let I keep the room if | could not pay , would she ? people be queuing up . there be a young lass , three month pregnant they say . the landlady give it to she . abberline { be in the room - | see you dress , the photo - mary 1 tell the landlady | could get money in the morning . she say to leave my thing in the room , as security like . she let I have the cheapest doss - 8 cupboard up near the attic . when | hear woman scream , | take off . { try to find you at the police station . then | realize ... | guess you would come here . again they look at one another - for the first time in week she almost smile . mary where be we go ? abberline Victoria Station . mary and then ? abberline {f anyone recognize you , it 's over . you have get to get out of London . he pull one of the steamer ticket and a bunch of banknote out of he pocket . he thrust they into she hand . wee ee so aarcom . she look at he - ferri mmy fut id reg 126 abberline there 's a train to Portsmouth every hour . from there you can take the night boat to Ireland . mary ~ Home - that sound like a fine place ' to be . but no , Fred ! not without you . abberline I will be come . mary when ? abberline as soon as | can . mary what be you go to do ? abberline ( softly ) I be go to kill he . mary nol abberline not like that . | should have think of it before . I be go to kill he with my head . the cab stop in front of the huge Victoria railway station . abberline look up at the station clock - it 's five minute before the hour . abberline hurry ! mary promise I , Fred . abberline 1 promise . 127 she reach out she arm and kiss he . and then again . she get out of the cab and walk towards the station . he watch she go . abberline office dawn be poke through the window . abberiine sit at he desk , several file in front of he . on top of one we see the title : the whitechapel murder aka Jack the ripper a knock at the door . a young constable put he head in . constable there 's a gentleman here to see you , sir , he say he have a appointment but he will not give he name . abberline get to he foot . the door swing open . Ben kidney of the special branch walk in . abberline put out he hand - abberline Mr kidney ? it be good of you to come . kidney 1 hope it 's worth it , Inspector . | do not like be wake for nothing . abberline close and bolt the door , kidney note it - hardly anything escape he attention - but say nothing . abberline ( think you will find it worthwhile . it concern the whitechapel murder . as you may know , t! have be my responsibility . kioney I be aware of that . abberline sit down behind he desk . he pause , as if weigh the burden of what he be about to say . he speak quietly - abberline during the course of my inquiry , | have come across a name . it 's a alias , Mr kidney - | do not know who the person be - but he call himself Albert vietor . tl even kidney , as inscrutable as he be , sit forward . his cold eye stare straight at abberline . kidney where do you hear this name ? abberline from Sir William gull . which be why | call you - my inquiry indicate that on at least two occasion he have tell people that the murder be somehow connect to 3 person of great rank . | think you should know of this . kidney do Sir William elaborate ? abberline no . but to be honest , ! have not pursue it . I be a loyal officer , Mr kidney - I be sure there be some area area no investigation should blunder into . if there be any truth to what Sir William say , ! think the thing to do be to put it in the hand of that best equip to deal with it . kioney that be exactly the right thing . and you be sure he say nothing else ? abberline not that I know of . kidney I will take care of this . we will have a talk to Sir William . he get to he foot and shake hand with abberline . 128 jul ef * ss 1z:@afm terry haye film 129 kioney people have tell I you be a good officer . ambitious , they say . t seem a man like you have a outstanding career -- in front of he . — -abberline nsmile ) I do not think so , Mr kidney . I be afriad | decide some time ago to seek opportunity elsewhere . kidney that 's a shame . he walk to the door . he 's about to open it - then stop . he turn back - kidney I be sorry - | do not ask you . what make you come to I ? abberline that be the easy part . | speak to 8 friend . | ask he - '' who will help the widow 's son ? '' kidney smile warmly . kidney good day , Inspector . abberline good day , superintendent . brook STREET it 's the morning of the same day . gull lead Lord hailsham and kidney across the foyer end into he study . he close the door and speak to hailsham - gull 1 be go to call on you this morning - we have get a problem . kidney we certainly do . 130 before gull can say anything , there 's a noise behind he . he turn - Tom Press , garret brack and several other member of the special branch come through the door . a look of confusion , panic cross gull 's face . he spin back to hailsham - kidney be wait for he . he grab gull 's arm and drive it up behind he back - the doctor cry out in pain . Tom Press have the handcuffs on before gull even realize . the queen' study a middle - age man stand nervously in front of Queen Victoria . victoria as a surgeon , Sir Richard , be we right in say that the removal of the thyroid gland can have devastating effect on memory ? sir richard that 's quite right , you majesty . victoria and there be medical condition which would lead a doctor to perform such a operation ? sir richard most certainly , mar ’am . victoria even under unusual circumstence , 3 doctor could find ethical reason for undertake such a operation - be I right , Sir Richard ? sir richard there can be no higher ethical reason than the opportunity to serve Queen and country , mar ’am . Victoria incline she head and smile , acknowledge he loyalty . victoria excellent , Sir Richard . " 9d ic oqpt tert pied pf auid reo 131 portsmouth dock passenger line the deck of the night boat to Ireland . Mary stand near the gangplank , watch the crowd on the wharf . there 's no sign of abberline . the ship 's whistle blow - seamen start to cast off the stern line . of she turn away , downcast . then , out of the comer of she eye , she seo something . she turn back - it 's he ! abberline be run down the wharf , carry the overnight bag , head for the gangplank . she try to smile but she 's too close to tear . she go towards he - halfway down the gangplank they meet . he take she in he arm . they kiss . bedlam be the name of England 's worst lunatic asylum . in a stone - wall cavern , man dress in nightshirt , some of they shackle , walk in a endless circle . one man stand out - he nightshirt still white , not yet soile by year of incarceration . it 's gull . the once bright eye be vacant , disorient now . he stumble into the circle mass . slowly he start to walk . we pull back to reveal room after room - hundred of man be circle endlessly , he companion in the seventh ring of Hell . the coast of ireland appear out of the mist . we draw closer . in the first light of day it look like a land bear brand new . abberline and Mary stand on the deck of the boat stare out at it . Mary turn and look at abberline . she speak softly - mary Home . abberline put he arm around she shoulder . they stand togather , the land come closer , the sun rise higher by the second . the end